G-Dog!
560 W-Q-A-M presents W-Q-A-M FoodCab!
Starting Harvey Piresy and Sergeant Bill Tanner.
Robert Reed has Colonel Gregory,
Sheldon Leonard and Jeff DeBoys,
and Andy Dick as Ryzen Duff Lindsay.
What's your problem, Lindsay?
I can't get my hemlifestraid!
What?
Get out there on the grind!
Okay!
What?
I mean, yes sir!
Stepnimbley on those heel-sister!
S-A-D-U-O-D-I!
100!
S-A-D-U-O-D-I!
100!
Hey, buddy, look at our hard tip on the poor-
We love D-Fo!
I heard that private D-Fo!
Oh, I guess I...
We've got the Colonel Reeze office on the double!
Why, yes, certainly.
Reporting as audit, Colonel Reed.
Well, that is private.
Thanks, sir.
And now look it.
There's a mole in the company, is it?
Yes, and I'd like to know who that might be.
Well, I, uh...
I think it's you, sir.
Oh no!
No, no!
Because they'll never know it's me!
Oh, run away!
Come away!
Come away!
You can't find me!
You can't find me!
I don't know what I've been told!
I don't know what I've been told!
Big, big, little woman ain't got no soul!
Big, big, little woman ain't got no soul!
Jack-o!
Jack-o!
Jack-o!
Jack-o!
Jack-o!
For all, Jack-o!
Jack-o!
Ah!
Ali!
Gal-D!
Ah-ha!
Put your clothes at squeaky-boys!
You filthy!
Now drop and give me twenty push-ups!
Yes, right now!
I'm too squeaky!
Too squeaky!
No, not that way!
No!
On top of Carol!
Ah!
Yeah!
No!
Anybody want to meet us?
This is a barracks and selling to do twins!
Wow, Carol, three-all week long, this clock had been a minute fast,
and they must think of the other room that I'm real anxious to get out of here,
which they're right about that, but...
All week long, it's been a minute fast.
Now we got the right time!
Oh!
And that's really good.
That last old fart that called up on boat campers there...
What about the O'Rideges?
You're listening right now, you silly old banger.
Okay, go empty out the bag before you go call any radio talk shows.
We can smell it right over the phone.
God!
So what's going on?
Happy Thursday to you.
Let's see, we got a big fan appearance.
They were only 8-790 bucks short of 40 grand.
That's not too bad.
We're starting to make a little progress.
Now that's November 13th.
From noon to two today, the QM fan will be at Marine Max Boats
at 700 South Federal Highway in Poppano Beach.
The lovely Miguel will be there.
He'll be peddling his wares.
Criticy of the real yellow pages from Bel South.
The first 15 people that donate to a band and pay a rescue
and pick up some of our merchandise will get a movie pranks good
for two people with special showing of timeline on the 25th day of the Embré.
So that's the noon to two today at Marine Max Boats.
700 South Federal Highway in Poppano Beach.
790 bucks.
We ought to be able to raise that and hear before noon,
especially now that I'm here in the flesh.
Those checks, that door ought to be open and people ought to be just pouring the checks in here,
who haven't given the dime so far.
So there are two articles in the news papers this morning needless to say.
I see your first check just came in right now.
Needless to say, Scott Forellan here no more.
And for the old fart I called again, I heard a couple of those this morning one coming in.
I'm not going anywhere, okay?
What about the Arigis?
Yeah, let's clean it all up.
Let's just talk sports 28 hours a day.
Let's talk about that great quarterback that used to play for Florida A&M 100 years ago.
All your old cockers out there, man, it's really sad.
You're the ones who destroyed this area and make it a place that nobody with a brain,
nobody with more than 50 sent in their pocket really wants to stay in them,
no matter what they tell you.
Don't believe anybody.
At any rate.
Forellan's gone and I guess, you know, we're going to talk about it.
In fact, I got a great poll question, which would include that,
but a lot of other things as well.
I guess I'll read the first, the two articles first before I address it myself,
because I have a lot to say about it.
Let me just say this.
When you're a little kid growing up and you go in the kitchen and the electric stove is on,
and Mommy says, hey, Johnny, don't put your hand on the stove.
You're going to burn yourself.
And Johnny sure enough puts his hand on the stove and oh geez!
And burns his ass.
You know what I mean?
Just burns the hell out of himself and it's not good.
It hurts like hell.
And about a day or two later, Johnny comes waddling into the kitchen and the burner is on,
and Johnny just sticks his hand right back on that stove over and over again.
See, I like Scott, well, we got along fine.
I thought it was a good guy.
I think he is a pretty good guy, but he's his own worst enemy.
In fact, I think he's got a death wish.
I really do.
He has a death wish.
How many times can you, it's like neurotic repetition?
How many times can you keep getting fired for doing the same thing over and over again?
It's like telling Johnny, quit putting your hand on the stove and Johnny says,
ah, la, la, la, la, you're not going to tell me that's going to put my hand on the stove.
I mean, and Johnny keeps going back in there and puts his hand on the stove and sure enough,
Johnny keeps getting burned.
Now, you can build up a very impressive resume of working to about 600 radio stations,
or about three, four months of peace.
I mean, it's impressive from the stamp, which there's a lot of names on it.
But it doesn't really create what you call job security.
And how many times did I tell him off and on the air for the people who listen on the air,
take the money to the bank, laugh all the way to the bank, do whatever they want you to do,
and just go to the bank.
Couldn't do it.
He just couldn't do it.
It would be like if I opened the show this morning by playing the unexplicated version of Condoleezza.
That would, you know, like having a death wish.
When you work for people and they say, you can't do this.
You mustn't do this.
You know what it means?
You can't do it.
You just can't make it up as you go along.
And you can't use it as a tool.
Well, you know, Neil, that's nice.
And this one does that.
No, no, we don't.
We don't do it because the rest of us who are still here and going to be here,
we know where to draw the line.
Some people know where some people don't have any line.
That's the problem.
Are all over the place.
It's that AOR radio format all over the road.
So I feel bad about that from his stamp, but it certainly comes as no shock.
Only shock to me is that it took this long.
I got to be honest, this is a very strange guy.
I like him, but I've worked in this business for a long, long time.
I've never encountered anybody.
You can't have a conversation with.
You can't talk to the man because it's always...
Ah, you can say that.
You don't mind.
And on the way up the door with a mouthful of food,
there's no such thing as sitting down or really having a conversation.
It doesn't exist.
Nothing penetrates.
You can try.
You can say, hey, just just laugh to the bank.
Take the money.
Have a good time.
Just cut out the excessive crap.
Don't have a compulsive need like you got the turret syndrome or something.
Or a paracendrome.
Can't do it.
I mean, I hope for his sake,
someday that he like, you know,
reigns himself in and is able to realize that he's just going to have the same thing.
You know, you can have 85 job offers, Scott.
But you know, we're going to 84 other radio stations for a couple of months of peace.
What is that going to accomplish?
Other than like in the first line in jikas column there,
he says controversial sports tacos,
Scott for religion,
a familiar position over the line and out of work.
There you go.
Johnny's got a burn hand because he keeps his hand on the stove.
And especially when you know when you work in a market where we have certain professional agitators out there
who just thrive on being the moral censors of the community,
while they're sitting out there, you know, stroking themselves,
I mean, what the hell is there?
What's it to say?
What is there to say when you know that upfront?
Giving other people ammunition to try to destroy you.
So I don't, I really don't have a lot of sympathy.
I feel bad about the whole situation and really what it comes back to to be very honest with him,
is that Humpty Dumpty is continuing to try to put the pieces back together
of the big egg that he broke about two years ago.
It's almost exactly two years ago,
a little bit more than two years.
When Greg read decided,
WAAA, WAAA, WAAA, he didn't like the way the first thing.
WAAA, they missed some sports stories.
See, when you had that much hands on,
when you're a little bit too over-involved,
and you start micromanaging every sports story with a sports nerds
and they missed this story.
Who the hell cares?
It's a business.
The whole sports thing about this radio station
can give you any of the creeps anyway.
This whole thing about people who think that it's really so important
about who won a ball game or who's going to start an outside linebacker
who is going to be the defensive back or is Brian Greasy really as bad as he seems to be.
Yeah, I mean, it's okay for a little bit of fun.
You'll notice that WAAA in New York is driven by one show on a radio station
in terms of billing and in terms of ratings.
I know it's amazing because the guy's a dead man,
but it's been driven for years by Don I'mus.
He's got the biggest ratings on a station
and he's got the biggest revenue coming on that station.
The sports shows don't drive WAAA in,
which is the most popular sports station in America.
It's the non-sports show and the same is true here at WQIM.
The non-sports show the only one on a radio station
is the highest rated and the highest billing.
Makes the money so that they can play the ball games the rest of the day.
Give me the ball, give me the ball.
So that whole thing just gives me the creeps.
But the fact of the matter is we were going along pretty well
to say I've seen this happen in this business over and over again.
Managemith who just can't leave well and over,
they always have to be tinkering.
They're fine tuning.
Oh, oh gee, I just dropped the watch and I grabbed it,
just broke my Rolex.
I'm fine tuning it too much.
And that's what they do.
I'll say it again, if it ain't broke, don't fix it.
Don't dick with it.
And it can't stop doing it.
And from that day forward, this station is never recovered.
Then we went through the Moe business.
Do we have to say any Moe about that?
I don't think so.
We all know what that did to this point.
Yeah, absolutely.
Right.
It more ways than one.
And then we went to the Ferrell business.
And now here we are today.
Do we have any idea who's going to be on tomorrow morning at 8 o'clock?
No.
I don't.
Everything was going along much too well.
So the guys missed a sports story.
Big stinking deal.
There wasn't one person in the radio audience
who was going to tune out WQA and my first team
or anybody else on the station
because the worst team guys missed a sports story.
Oh gee.
Just leave it alone Greg.
Quick tinkering.
It's like when he stuck me back at 9 to 1.
That's why I went seven months without taking a phone call.
Reading bedtime stories
because the format didn't work.
This show is no show works 9 to 1.
Eight million years I did 10 to 2 and will continue to
intend to 2 by the way.
Thank you.
That's when this show is on.
And all of a sudden I'm going to make magic.
And why did that happen?
Because we brought a daughtering Moe Oman
and here who couldn't do four hours God forbid.
And so the show had to start at 9.
That didn't work either.
So we've gone through like two years of absolute psychosis here
because of too much tinkering, too much dicking around.
Provinets after 10 at 5.60 WQAM.
You want to lose some weight?
All the fat people are desperate to lose weight.
Trust me when I tell you.
Just a content and never ends.
It's an ever ending battle.
That's why it's so easy when you call my friends
at balance for a lot because they make it simple for you.
They do all the work.
All the calorie counting or the carb counting.
You don't have to do anything other than pick up your little sack.
Just reach for your sack six o'clock in the morning outside your dough.
No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries.
Like I said, no carb or calorie counting.
They bring you a little black sack every day.
They deliver to you by 6 in the a.m. and right outside your door.
Three delicious gourmet meals.
And I really do mulee of a meenat.
Three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks right to your doorstep.
The food is all fresh and delicious made with the best ingredients
on the face of the earth.
And you'll start seeing that weight drop off on the scale
in just a matter of days.
And don't forget, balance for life is the only company in the universe
that lets you choose between two choices for every meal and snack
when you're on a program.
You fill out a menu once a week.
You get to choose what you like, what sounds best to you,
and believe me, you'll love it.
And there's plenty of food near to keep you full and satisfied all day long.
So if you're really tired, if you're frustrated with all that extra weight,
if you're out of shape, you have no energy, I can relate.
If you're diabetic or on a verge of it, here might be the answer you've been searching for.
Give it a try.
Balance for life.
Call them at 9-5-4-5-6-8-30-2-29.
Or visit them on a wicked web at balanceforlife.com.
We're sports radio 560, QAM.
And beat that gator me.
As I spread my thighs.
And blow myself on the toilet bowl.
I feel my bowels lose control of the toilet.
And there's a smell of makes you cry.
So bad I can barely see my knees as I make my straightened spincter squeal.
It's all that's for it.
It's not a heart of all the strength in a diabetic faith, bad man.
If you're truly a whine's of blimping on the sea.
It's all God they made, bad or sick.
Every butter's making fun of me.
A patient with a fancy gaze.
Ever thought through a stall of a day.
Ain't too presumbed at night.
When you do jandest sack my oldest pound.
The king of rock and roll on the toilet.
That's home with Yanuki.
And 18-5-60-WQAM.
So the rumor is that for else got another job already.
He'll be back on your Monday morning on another station in the market.
That's just the rumor I heard in the building around.
It's flying around under walls.
See Scott I hate to break the news to you man.
But you can have a different job every week.
You can have 52 jobs a year or one week a piece.
I guess if you like to travel around a lot.
Get to know a lot of different people that way.
Get to catch a lot of different colored paychecks.
I don't get it.
Alright let me give the poll result from yesterday and we'll get back in.
By the way thanks to my close friend Rick Shaw.
I am really touched by this.
You are the best Rickie.
See a lot of people think that Rick is just an old fart.
What that silly hat.
But you know what?
It's a life I am not.
That's right.
He's a good guy.
And he sends over to me.
It says happy belated birthday from Rick Shaw.
And it's the DVDs of the CBS 75th anniversary special from a couple of Sundays ago that I missed.
I saw only last part of it.
I mentioned that on the year.
And sure enough there it is on DVD.
No less.
Thank you Rick.
I really appreciate that.
I'm going to watch it over and over again.
What a good guy.
Anyway here's the poll result.
We asked yesterday what pro or college coach or manager was the absolute worst of all time.
I still don't care about sports.
Schmuck.
309.
That's a message to me.
They don't give a crap about sports.
Okay.
26.7% of this audience don't give a flying crap about sports and they want to make sure that I and all the rest of you understand that.
Okay good.
Dave wants that 199.
Not doing too good Dave.
What are you done for us lately besides think the joint out.
Rich co-tied 115.
Gary 5th 57.
Terry Murray 50.
The players hated him and the fans we hated him worse.
Magic Johnson 47.
David Shulow 45.
Very swisher 45.
Perry Clark 35.
Speaking of the Tigers.
I mean the Alliance same difference.
They blow both teams think Wayne finds 30.
30 votes.
Lou Holtz 23.
Dave Campo 19.
Renee Latchman.
One of our all time favorite people.
The Latchman.
18.
Buddy Ryan 14.
Ray Perkins.
Ray Handley and Dick Vitale.
Each at 11.
Bruce Coslett.
Pete Rosenjohn Bowles.
Old Bowles.
Each at 10.
Jeff Thoroughborg 9.
Kevin Lockery 9.
Charlie Pell 9.
Ron Rothstein 9.
Probably anti-Semites.
Ray Rhodes 8.
Dwayne Sutter 8.
Dave Bliss 6.
Bung Phillips 6.
Tyrone Willingham 5.
Joe Walton 4.
Dan Devine 3.
Lou Sabin 3.
Monty Clark 3.
Wald Michaels 1.
Duffy Doherty 1.
Two yards in a cloud of dust.
Duffy.
Mike Davis 1.
Terry Brennan 1.
Bob Wade 1.
1155.
Ocee Had the Big.
You didn't have any.
See, I always wonder about that.
Why do people call and vote?
Maybe they don't have a computer.
They nominate somebody for the poll and they never vote for them.
All right, here's the two articles about Pharrell getting canned.
Barry Jackass writes in the, of course, Barry's got his head up Greg's a butt.
Barry writes.
WQM gives Pharrell the boot.
WQM on Wednesday fired a morning host Scott Pharrell after he repeatedly crossed the line
with offensive commentary, station general manager Greg Reed said.
We tried to convey to him things he couldn't say on a radio, such as things that are sexually offensive
Reed said.
We had him sign a document late September early October and he violated an unlimited number of times, including Wednesday.
I don't know if he worked at a level of FCC violations, but we were uncomfortable with it.
We tried to lead him into doing a funny sports oriented show and he kept going places we didn't want him to go.
We got tired of banging our heads against the wall.
I feel like I failed that I couldn't get through to the guy.
We were number one in the summer ratings books.
I feel terrible about doing this Greg says, but to live by the integrity of the agreement we had to do this.
Do you really believe he feels terrible about doing it?
No.
Pharrell who joined WQM on May 22nd said he was very disappointed about being fired.
No one will ever get a five, six year in Edmark in the first ratings book like I did.
He said, I love the fans in my job. It's a bummer for me.
He said it was very disappointed.
Now was he actually surprised?
Because he's your best, the close personal buddy.
Was he surprised?
I don't think so.
Oh.
No, well disappointed and surprised aren't the same.
Reed said more than a dozen advertisers transferred ads from Pharrell showed other programs on the station,
but said that wasn't a fact when his dismissal.
Reed said he might again pursue NBC anchor and former WQM morning host Joe Rose for the 8th to 10 AM slot.
Previously held by Pharrell.
He also stated considered WQM's Orlando El Zagiri.
No, no, no, no, no.
And candidates outside the station.
Did he actually say the big, he just was just joking when he said that very.
No.
He was a nice, a smart, nice, when he said that.
Reed ruled out returning how were David and Steve Goldstein to the 6 to 10 AM slot.
They were moved to 5 to 8 AM when Pharrell was hired and they're staying right there.
Deep in the morning hours where there can't be too dangerous.
And the article by Tom Jikyll actually wrote an article about radio.
Nice going, Tom A.
Even though it appeared in the sports section in the Sun Sentinel.
Tom finally decided he would let his hair down.
Well, WQM fires Pharrell for off-color remarks.
It says by Tom Jikyll.
Controversial sports host Scott Pharrell is in a familiar position over the line and out of work.
WQM fired Pharrell on Wednesday after repeated warnings to tone down the sexual, to tone done.
It says, on your done, Tom.
To tone done, the sexual content of his program, which heirs from 8 to 10 AM while aired in the past.
So I think you aired, Tom.
Pharrell made frequent disparaging remarks on the air about restraints he had been placed under.
Nevertheless, he continued the spices show with risque remarks, which pushed the station's patience to the limit.
Wednesday, the patience ran out.
Pharrell boasted that he lost another job as play by play, unanswered the Atlanta thrashes for an off-color remark during a game.
Ironically, the Boca resident lost his last job at New York's W&EWFM because of sexual antics he had nothing to do with.
A stunt by Shock Jock's Opian Anthony had a couple making love in St. Patrick's Cathedral.
The public opera was so strong that the station abandoned its top form at blowing out the entire staff.
Pharrell known for his gravelly voice and nothing is sacred style, joined WQM in May as a fill-in.
His brash, irreverent style connected with the audience, so the station changed its line up to carve out a tour block form.
Now see, Tom, you're absolutely, well, I mean, I can't debate that because we have no evidence to indicate that's true or not.
It probably is true, but it's just you're surmising that. That isn't the reason he was put on there.
The reason he was put on there, eight to ten, is because Greg Reed was obsessed with Pharrell.
Oh, he's the greatest thing. That's what I'm hearing.
Okay?
So the idea that, you know, being on tour three shows on a weekend and all of a sudden the audience is obsessed is a little bit over the top, Tom.
But then again, you write a lot of crap anyway.
Anyway, going back to Tom's article, he says, this is one of the most amusing things I've ever read in my life.
There was an ominous portent the morning his program was to debut lightning hit the station's transmitter and knocked WQM off the air delay his official debut by a day.
See, I never thought about it. I remember that day very well.
And I remember wondering, are we ever going to get to think back on the air again and his entire show?
So we did a little crossover with him. In fact, we did a show on the internet together that day during which we could say whatever the hell we want and we did.
And we did it everywhere that's ever been invented because luckily, unfortunately, so far the FCC don't regulate what's on the internet.
And certain OJAMPRAVACATURES out there can't control what is on the internet. Maybe I'll just do a show on the internet.
WQM is not announced how it will fill the slot. Jim Mandage who hosted 2 to 4 p.m. program.
Oh, right!
And Joe Rose formerly one of the morning hosts have been approached but neither has said to be enthused about the early morning shift.
I'm weren't enthused. Come on, guys. Mix and match. How about every other day?
Rose works until almost midnight at Channel 6 and Mandage has his own construction company which he breaks from in mid-day to his program.
So it just makes sense to me that rather than breaking the middle of the continuity of his show, his work during the day time, start out 8 to 10 here and then go off to the office, take care of a couple of construction jobs, fill out a few forums, sign a checks, and then go home and screw off all afternoon.
Other solutions would be to extend Howard David till 10 a.m.
Or restore the pre-for-real lineup with David from 6 to 9 a.m. when the O'Rodgers would take over.
However, Rogers, these stations biggest ratings and revenue generator, prefers a 10 a.m. start. And you know what time, finally...
Absolutely correct.
...find a got one right. This show is staying right where it is, right where it belongs 10 to 2.
That's the Neo-Rodgers show, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. what happens around it behind it in front of it. That's their story. That's up to them.
Although I will say that the big ain't doin' 8 to 10.
Good guy, like I said, and then there are a lot of good guys, like the thing with Farahela, like him a lot. He's a good guy.
But he's his own worst enemy. And so he's got another job starting on Monday and then maybe a couple weeks after that he'll have another one.
You've got to start listening, baby. You just can't...
When you continue convincing yourself that the rest of the world is all crazy and you're the one that's saying, then there's a problem there somewhere, you know?
Sooner or later you have to like put the ego aside and say, okay, we can't do this. We can't play Condoleza.
We can't say this on the air, whatever. And we want to get to paycheck. You know? What's more important, the ego, or getting to paycheck and having a livelihood?
And when you get to a certain point in life, hopefully for most of us we say, well, you know, when you're younger you like fight the good fight and you're always...
But you reach your point where like survival becomes the most important thing.
Stickin' at checkin' the bank, the biscuit and the basket.
27 after 10 at 5, 60 WQM if you're trying to stick some hair on your head like maybe paste a little on a little pages glue which it looks like a lot of guys have done.
I'll tell you if that's good, since it's ain't using like crazy glue then my name is Mohawar David.
And speaking of bad hair pieces, there's another example. If you want to look good, if you want to look younger and better than you ever really thought you could again, you ought to talk to my buddy Charles Alfieri.
That's what he's been on the show for a zillion years. In fact, for over 25 years he's been working with a famous and not so famous, with a rich and not so rich and the even sluppers like you guys because it's an affordable hair system.
The natural hairline system. It looks real like it's real hair growing out of your scalp as opposed to all the other stuff which I don't have to tell you what it looks like.
It looks like straw, it looks like muskrat died on your head, it looks like hell is what it looks like. So if you want to look good and younger like it's the real thing.
And I have people laugh at your ass, call Charles Alfieri, you have nothing to lose but the ball spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee.
If after a month you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting all the action you can handle in and some, return it for a full refund.
Be sure to mention the Arigis when you call me is an extra $200 discount. Call toll free 1-800-321-2413.
1-800-321-2413 or log onto that website, Charles Alfieri.com.
This is 20-0-560.
You way up.
It's a bitch.
Yeah.
There's a spread my thighs.
Yeah I did. I did.
But you know something, that's another reason I prefer not being here is because there's too much crap going on. There are too many people in and out of here.
This is a freaking circus. This ain't a radio station, boys and girls. This is a circus.
I haven't got time to wipe my ass much less like Elvis. I just got through. I did that yesterday too. I do that maybe once a year.
Once every two years. I've done it twice in two days now.
Don't come in here unless you have a check for abandoned pet rescue. Do not come in through that door.
Don't come in here.
Okay. What?
Don't eat in here either.
And okay. This is not the guy named cafeteria in here. We got a cafeteria down the hallway a little bit.
Don't come in here to sit and fill your fat faces and believe me, I do mean fat. Let's hear that again.
I still feel the toilet pool.
I can't believe it.
So, anyway, here's... and you know something?
I'm motivated for a second pool later in the day, which I don't think Eric's going to be too happy about.
But that's the way it goes there. It'll be short and sweet.
First pool for this morning in the wake of all this crap going on.
What's the biggest screw up that WQM has made in the last two years? That's our first pool. Oh, it's already on there.
Hiring for well, firing for well, blowing out the first team, hiring Mohawar Davided, putting the Ilan 9-1 or letting the crow get away.
Huh?
Lending the crow get away. That was some heavy duty stuff.
5-6-7. Oh, 8-5-60.
Oh, we sure missed that. He'd put us over the top, baby. The crow.
See, that's another classic example of Greg Reed at work. I really believe that this guy belongs on the air.
Even to say hello to Crow. Although, we sure smell pretty.
So, you see some warm trot bar problems? Right.
Okay, I'm going to cast my vote on here. Let's see. I think that one.
So, you can cast your vote. Then the second pool I'm going to do later is, who would you like? Don't you think it makes sense?
Who would you like to have do 8-10?
It's a valid question.
No, seriously, I think that makes sense to me. Pull number two. But at least Eric, you won't have to add too much to any of these.
I don't think. They'll be like straight up straight down.
Who would you like to see? Do. And then of course, there'll be the crowd. We don't care. We won't listen. I'll put that one together.
We don't give a crap.
5-6-7. And I also want to say this to you. I have never, well, I won't say never.
But it's so typical of South Florida. So, I actually have heard it many times.
God gets canned. And I'm driving in this morning. I didn't hear more than goodness because I understand that he let a lot of people rip an ass.
Which, if you want to, that's fine. But I mean, it's just a nature of the beast.
Not the beast per se. Not our beast, but just in general, the generic beast.
Somebody gets canned. Oh, gee, when you're so great, bow, and you know, you're a real moral person.
And we've got to get that immorality off the air. And all this other crap. Just ripping a guy when he gets his ass canned.
It's so frickin' typical, man. And that's one, another reason why this town sucks the way it does.
It's just, it's just so many nasty, hateful, brutal, miserable people.
Mean, mean-spirited, hateful, angry, nasty, rotten.
5-6-7.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
That check coming yet for $790 to give us to 40 grand for abandoned pet rescue to come in yet.
No, no, I haven't seen it. I haven't seen it. Don't open that dough unless you got more money for abandoned pet rescue.
You hear what I'm saying? I got your crow-bottocks right here, homeboy. Good, good man.
And by the way, go home and take a bath at the Talcum Powder starting to really stink.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
69. I'll be able to buy $1150 and I'm going to go back to the Fort House. All of the best, take care.
Did we interrupt this guy on another call?
Hello. Was that a hot call that we interrupted there?
Hello? Yeah.
Yes, sir. Oh, I just wanted to call them, sir. I'm sorry.
Were you on the other line?
Yes, I'm sorry. I was very apologize. I was walking back from my car with the phone.
That's okay.
My question is, I support everything you say. They do a big proponent of free speech.
Yeah. And you would have made your pretty outrageous. But what could it for Ella said that's more anything more outrageous that you do on your show, which I support?
Not even close. Not even close.
Right. That's the hypocrisy with that station.
No, no, no, you don't understand. You're not listening. You didn't get the answer.
His stuff was so far over the line and I try to, we all try to explain to them.
There's a way to do things where you know where the line is when you do this for a living.
You know where, where you can go and how far you can go. He has no line.
So think, but didn't you beat your censor that I knew or cut off and said?
In fact, that's another thing is that they were sitting on the dump button and they're like crazy for a long time from once now.
And evidently, there were sometimes that it didn't get believed.
In fact, I'm wondering how come the person who didn't believe it yesterday morning when he did the crossover with Moe,
how come that person didn't get fired? Who must have naked pictures here, Robert?
Because there was something he did yesterday, which I think was the straw to broke a camel's back,
that should have been dumped and shouldn't have gotten on the ear and maybe he'd still be here.
But you know, there are some people here who have evidently have, I don't know what the deal is.
They're here forever. They have a lifetime contract.
It's because he's walking in your studio, isn't he?
Exactly. Have a great day and don't do that again on the other line.
Now, so you don't try to make a comparison because that's what Scott was always trying to do.
Wow, you can't buy me. No, I don't.
No, I don't. And if you listen, I mean, there's a way you can do things and be clever about it and be creative and be funny and did not go way over that line.
And I mean way over that line and then there are other stuff, just blurred it out. When it doubt, blurred it out.
And it's not necessary. That's the saddest part. It isn't necessary.
There wasn't one more person listening to that show between 8 and 10 because of the fact that he went over the line.
If he would have just done, you know, he'd been a crazy guy and done a sports thing and been funny without going way over that line, it had been just fine.
But I don't know if he's capable of doing it.
How many firings is this now? Do you have a keeping track? Do you have like a diary that you guys keep?
You can't count that high.
About 30.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5. Look at that. 77 votes on it. We just put the poll up.
What's the biggest screw up that WQM has made in the last two years? Take a look at that.
We're going to get a lot of votes on this baby. I'll tell you.
Moe hiring Moe Howard David is leading with 33 votes.
Absolutely.
Firing for L-26, blowing out the first team 15, letting the Crogate away 10.
Oh, putting the L-9 to 1-9 and hiring for L-2 out of 95 votes now.
Boy, they're pouring in on this baby.
You might set a record.
Well, we might just set a record. I might have to leave this up the whole...
No, I don't think so, though, because I want to get the other one.
And maybe one o'clock we'll put the other one on there. Who would you like 8-10?
Now we do it tomorrow instead.
Like I said, it's a great idea for tomorrow.
Well, we'll see. We'll see how the other thing flies.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I've been out of town. Is this me and the George has gone to?
No.
What's George got to do with Ferella? Is this just the chronic George basher? Is that what you are?
No, actually, I'm not. But I couldn't be if you'd like me to be here.
Well, what does that have to do with what we're talking about? Do you understand how stupid that is?
No, it was just just one of my lame comments.
A lame is right. You're right.
You finally got something right. It was lame.
5-6-7-0-5-6-0. I get blown out of here.
And what is this guy want to do? Start picking on George who's on vacation this week.
I mean, George don't care. Neither do I.
We don't give a crap.
But it's just stupid is what it is, pal. It's really stupid, ain't it?
Absolutely. Sure.
5-6-7-0-5-6-0. It's like everything else.
They can't follow the bouncing balls here in this town. It's just so amazingly.
I got to write that book. I really do. But nobody would believe it.
Just about doing talk radio in this town for nearly about 30 years.
And the stuff that comes in on the other end of the phone and the people...
Oh, you're awful. And the people out of fax machine that hate you like poison.
They're every minute of every day they thrive.
The day that I hang up this microphone, they're not going to know whether to scream or peel or banana.
They're not going to know what they'll do.
They don't have any clue what they're going to be doing.
They're already planning trying to figure out what it's going to be.
They're going to be filling up their desperate lives with.
You think the numbers on this show are good. Can you imagine if we get credit for all the closet listeners?
You know, once upon a time they talked about having those sensors where they could dragsly...
Of course, ash croffle were like that. They could drive up and down neighborhoods.
And they could detect what stations, what frequency radios were tuned to.
Scary. Yeah, right.
Like I said, ash croffle would love it.
But I mean, that was one of the ideas they come up with to try to figure out as opposed to the current rating system.
So that people who love, for example, hate me like poison, but we'll never write it down.
Listen every day. We can actually add them in there.
Get double digits every rating book.
Am I right about that?
Absolutely.
And I'll say this, even though it pains me to say it, I guarantee a mole would probably get some extra...
...dye reason there too.
No, you know it, because there are people who hate him like poison, like me, and although I don't listen to him.
The only time I ever hear the Sunday's voice is the first minute when I'm in Toronto when I open up the pot,
and then you'll notice I immediately open up City Post 24 audio so I can't hear him, and you'll know that I'm there.
Then I'm, you know, taking a shower and whatever else begins with SH.
And that's it.
And then coming to work here in the morning, which this morning I heard that terminally ponderous interview with the assistant UM football coach.
Oh man, was that bad? That was so weak mo.
It's 20 before 11 at 560.
Mo is leading the way. I think we've all watched.
It's close. Firing referrals got 33.
And hiring Mo has got 36.
Blowing out the first team, 26.
But see, that was the straw that broke the whole place's back.
That opened up this whole can of worms.
We never would be where we are today if Greg wouldn't have like overreacted and gotten carried away.
I mean, it's really something when you're fire guy who already told he is leaving.
Oh, well, guess what? If you're leaving, you're fired.
Like a pectulent little child.
Did Greg come in with $790 check yet for a band of pet rescue?
No.
I mean, he's in the building. He don't come anywhere near here, man.
This is the fourth day I've been here this week.
Hasn't come anywhere near yours truly.
And you want to know why?
Because he knows that I know.
I know. You're not fooling me, Greg.
Big news. Halette Potty Act GMC has just been voted number one Potty Act GMC dealer in Dave County and customer satisfaction.
They're happy campers over there as opposed to us here at QAIM where everybody's walking around with a long push.
Tom Lamin and Joe Prieta want to thank their loyal customers for their long time support.
35 years they've been going strong and that's why.
Right now is a good time to stop by Halette and check out the Potty Act vibe that normally retails for over 20 grand.
But you can buy it at Halette fully loaded right now for $16,500 plus tax and tag.
Halette's your truck headquarter is two with over 300 truck detours from including the on co-...
What are you shaking your head about you idiot?
The new OnVoy XUV, the most unique SUV in the market.
Now he's actually censoring my spots for Scott and Scott Jr.
You're next.
Great Neal Deals every day at Halette Potty Act GMC 13401 South Dixie Highway.
That's US1 across in the falls open every day, 7 days a week.
If you want more info on his unbeatable spectacular Neal Deals, you know what to do?
Please call that Neal Rogers Neal Deal Hotline Tool Free 1-885-344-211.
1-885-344-221 keep in mind all Neal Deals, subbed to credit or proof, see our friends at Halette Potty Act GMC
who are most positively unlike Tom Jicca, professional grade.
Why am I in local? We're sports radio 560s, you and you AM.
Pretty weak.
Pretty lame boys.
GELDI. GELDI.
Talking on a sports show.
Trying to be my show.
Your voice sounds just like a sad, thin, year old girl.
A little sports whole show.
What else are you there for? GELDI. GELDI.
Talking like a baby.
Who needs a little training?
Why can't you understand?
You don't sound like a man.
Remove the rubber bands that choke.
Your stroke comes GELDI.
GELDI. GELDI.
GELDI.
You don't belong there on the air.
And GELDI.
The sports can wait till your voice cracks.
Cause anyone who sounds like that should find another job.
And they should only take you back when both your babies drop.
GELDI. GELDI.
When you're gonna grow up.
You'll make us want to grow up.
You'll feel these squeaky pooh.
Go to broadcasting school.
Your fridge you best.
Boys, thank you.
Sound like a hug.
A rascal.
You're a hug.
You're a hug.
Can there be anything about that?
14 before, level 5, 60 WQM.
Now what do we got today?
Two o'clock, the Amad Dog is still in Arizona schedule.
Thank the Lord for that.
Four o'clock, you got to hump her at these Seminole Indians.
Good luck to you out there, Hank.
And he's got Bino Cook on 5 to 6.
It kills a good hour.
Bino, he kills me.
Panther preview at 7.
A Panthers at the Devils to play one of them.
Coma inducing games in Jersey.
Boy, they are the Devils.
They are the Devils.
They're the Antichrist of the Hockey World.
The style that they play.
Put you into a total coma.
739, Eddie Camp of the Hockey Game.
Jo and Mark, they're still around 2 to 5 in the morning.
And then of course, we know who follows that.
You know, they got to what?
Yeah, look.
Yeah, 188 in, by the way, nice job ripping your good close personal friendmo.
For three hours.
188 votes, what's the biggest screw up QA was made in the past two years?
Hiring Mo-Hower, Davided.
57 votes is in first place.
How do you like that?
Absolutely.
Firing for L53, Rod on Moses.
Blowing out the first team, 35.
Letting the Crow get away, 19.
Putting Neal on 9 to 1.
And firing for L9 out of 188 so far.
Or hiring.
What did I say that I read it wrong?
Hiring for L9.
So that's what you got.
Later on, we'll do the pull between 1 and 2 o'clock.
We'll stick it on there.
Who would you like to have between 8 and 10?
I think the mad dog is a perfect fit in there.
I don't want to let campaign on the air for it.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, right.
I think it's a perfect fit.
Then Hank goes back to 2 to 6.
And that makes sense to you.
I mean, you don't have to get up that early to do 8 to 10.
You know?
630, crawling here about 740, 735, right?
Yeah, I guess he doesn't look too far away.
Does he?
Yeah, it gets out of your 10 o'clock.
Goes over to construction company.
Like I said, signs the paychecks, writes the signs of you.
Go deals, contracts.
Stuff's about to cash in his wallet.
Heads over to the golf course for a few green lizards.
And then goes home and consorts with the lady for the rest of the day.
And maybe his wife too.
So there you go.
There's a little, just my suggestion.
Mo and Geldie, they seem to have found their niche.
You know, like really buried, I mean, 5-8 in the morning.
When it's real dark outside.
And then 8 to 10 to mad dog, yours truly 10 to 2.
2 to 4 we got, I mean, 2 to 6 Hank, which is what he always did anyway.
4 hours better, buck up a little bit.
And what I'm hearing, you bucked up pretty good already.
And then say they can throw anything in 6 to 7.
It's 8 10 hour in his business, especially in this market.
6 to 7.
We can have like rotating sports nerds in there, clearance one night, the beast the next night,
even like anybody, you know?
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Any else?
Yes, sir.
Yes, firing your buddy there.
And if you don't like it, you want to go back to Canadian fact Toronto country.
What does that have to do with anything?
Because you don't like it here.
Yeah, I don't.
I am going back.
I'll be back very soon, asshole, to my fact Canadian country.
What?
Again, what does that have to do with anything?
This is your own material, man.
Listen to yourselves.
Listen to what you got.
You know what it is?
That's why I'm getting out of here again very soon.
To my fag country.
Thank God there's no fags down here.
Right.
Except for what it's just called.
He's probably got a handle on the soap so we don't drop it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 6, just like I said, a lot of angry.
You're a part of the reason, sir, that a lot of people hated here is because there's so many people just like you.
Misurable, nasty, rotten, disgusting, and hateful people, assholes like you.
And have a great day.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
That's why Moffit's in here so good.
It's a place for miserable old cockers like him and he loves it.
It's paradise.
Yes, sir.
How are you, Anthony?
Pretty good?
I just wanted to weigh in on the for all thing.
Go right ahead.
Way away.
I'm a Cuban Julio.
And I think a lot of the audience that doesn't listen, not that I could say listen to it, but my wife listens a little bit to the Latin radio.
Oh, God.
Let me tell you something.
Yeah, some of the things these guys say on the morning shows make Forell look like Disney Landle.
Yeah.
So this is bullcrap.
I mean, these are disturbing trend patterns.
First, the kind of a Lisa crap.
And now it's like you told a great read months ago.
If you're going to put, I mean, why did you bring him here?
If you knew what he was about.
Well, that's right.
And I'm glad you reminded me of that.
Why did he put him on the ear when he already knows what his act is and even can't afford to meet another place?
Why would you put him on when you know what he does and when you know we've got professional agitators in this town,
or just sitting out there waiting to pounce on this?
It's a Greg read another error, man.
Big time.
And what I liked about him is that he actually knew sports when he wanted to talk about sports, but he would talk about other things and say crazy stuff.
Yeah.
But it was really refreshing.
I mean, I mean, I'm in the hours of straight sports.
I mean, I'm a sports hole, but I mean, give me a break.
Yeah, so much straight sports.
Yeah.
So I could have I was surprised by it.
I thought he was not going to I thought he was going to make the year, but not here.
Good luck to you, pal.
I had a great day.
Okay.
Here's the fact that says I have to fight a life of eight to ten now.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not a sport hole.
I find sports ready to be extremely boring.
In the case of WQM, two narrow and variety of sports discussed.
Scott was the anti-Christive sports talk host.
I listen to him daily in spite of the beast because he told it the way it is.
I really hope another local station hires him and schedules him from five till eight.
I don't think he wants to get up at four in the morning or three if they're out thing wants to do that.
Where is he going to be on?
In his shower, I guess.
No, no, where is he?
You already know you got to know what Stacy's going to be on other station on Monday.
Supposedly he's got another gig in town.
Where's it going to be?
You can tell us.
I have no idea.
Yes, you know, that's now why would you say that?
You know that that's not true.
The two of you guys take showers together in the morning.
I mean, let's face it.
My soap has the handle is I'm sure that and when you're showering with him, I understand why five six seven oh five sixty.
Pound five sixty on the eight TNT and Verizon wireless line as we've got you know something we got as keep as this company is we got a whole outfit in here of people.
We have to get dry concepts and do to clean the carpets because the stain on the carpets in this place are unbelievable.
Those ugly brown stains they're all over the building.
You know what I mean?
Absolutely.
230 votes.
What's the biggest screw up QMS made last two years hiring for well only twelve putting Neil on nine to one eighteen so you're not that nine to one didn't work it was a death mill.
Letting the crow get away twenty eight.
At least they still have kept their sense of human. That's a good sign.
Letting the crow get away that was the point at which we just lost it.
I like that.
I'm blowing at the first team thirty seven firing for well sixty five and hiring Mo Howard David it seems to be I don't know I thought that far ahead but it's un-catchable with seventy votes so far.
And local see I'm just I'm losing it this week I'm coming on glue from being in this place can't handle it.
I have to go back to Canada with all them fags.
Here's a call from for Lauderdale hello.
Yeah I don't know.
Okay sir.
I forgot I was on a whole but I thought I was listening to radio.
You want to go back on hold?
No.
It could be arranged.
Hey second call I'm bringing back just before.
Yeah.
Oh I shot.
It's a possibility.
They could put the for a form of the first team on it again D.
Fow and Guilty.
There you go.
Yeah.
Okay.
Have a good day.
And you too have a nice day.
And I'll put you back on hold for a while.
Five six seven oh five what are you writing a book what are you doing over there Jesus Christ and Joseph Miguel what the hell are you doing?
Holy crap.
Oh we're getting close.
Where the rest of that come from computer from the Internet.
You can also sign up to catch the sneak preview of the 2003 Marlon World Series championship ride.
Miguel will give you a ride at the van is what it says here he'll let you have a ride.
That's what it says.
Miguel will tell you more about it when you go to the van.
And the regal cinema's south beaches where that other thing will be timeline on the 25th at 7 p.m.
What?
This bottom part is for that.
Oh I it's too much go away just go away.
No seriously you people don't understand wonder a lot of stress in here is all kinds of crap going on in between you and the beast and
Zach would have got them fill in his fat face and just go away you're good guy but get on here.
39 is the door stuck?
What?
Well on the stick it on zip it.
39,430 bucks which means we need 570 to get to 40 grand today boy.
I was hoping to get to 40 by the weekend days only Thursday.
So we got a shot noone to do it off again Miguel will be in the QM van at marine max boats.
700 south federal high wind pump at obi to see the real yellow pages from Bells out to first 15 people to donate will receive a pass good for two people
especially showing of timeline on November 25th and you can also sign up to catch the sneak preview of the 2003 Marlins World Series championship ride
and get a little bit more about the van that will be the regal cinema south beach Monday at 7 p.m.
That's enough okay you're not going to pond off all your guy then promos and you know all that crap you got going on this show enough of that.
Yeah I bet there's more all the crap that we're going to pedal on for real show now that bringing in here because they know Kimber had no audience.
I'm sorry Kim good guy but oh here's the curl spring.
Hello. Hey don't know pretty good sir what's up. I'm up from New York to listen to whenever I'm down here but I got the perfect replacement for for real.
Yeah. Ron Feds. Ron Feds. Yeah you have to be kidding me. I love those guys. Yeah. Ron and Feds. Ron and Feds. No chance. Come on.
No way Jose. You could do it. Let me say give me your one word answer. No. 5 6 7 0 5 60.
This is a sports station. Mr. you better get your priorities straight now. It's a sports station. We take showers together here.
We wear jog straps to bed at night here. Ron and Feds wouldn't even get a bed that early. Ron and Feds my fat ass okay but thank you so much.
And go back to New York. 5 6 7 0 5 60. We got to that. Look if you see any response like this. That's in a half an hour.
This pulled in go under to like about 10 25. I think we should keep it up for the day. Okay. And the pull two.
257 votes. What's the biggest screw up WQM is man. Let's see. Well after the break I got to do the break.
But I want to elaborate on these people who think that there are experts on broadcasting because it's not all one side.
And like I said if the guy would have toned it down for a while and helped us to you know get to a certain point here we could have we could have made this thing work.
I'm sure that. But he wouldn't do it. So you can talk about well how this one does this and that one says that but the bottom line is it doesn't work that way.
This station's license is up for renewal and when you got professional agitators out there trying to like you know devious a crap which they've done to me and other people in the past.
You just have to total line for a while. And when somebody refuses to do that and puts your license in jeopardy nobody including me or a Howard Stern anybody else is that good that people are to say all well and hell with it nobody.
257 the biggest screw up that WQM has made in these last two years the worst F up hiring Mo Howard David 78 votes absolutely firing for all 71 blowing out the first team 41 letting the Crogue it away 32.
Putting Neal on 9 to 1 12 and hiring for only 13. They liked him Greg they liked him and believe me I'm not I'm not coming down on the side of for all I miss because he was he was an untenable position.
You tell somebody don't do it and you know what you don't do it. It's as simple as that.
10.57 at 5.60 WQM if you want to replace that tired old nasty carpeting in your home here's an idea call our friends at laminets are us.
They're the easy low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring which looks great but what is it cost a lot of cash laminets are us is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in the universe they got.
Peridore and per go and Wilson our unit floor quick step and all of laminets are us flooring installed by per go certified installers to here's another reason why ought to be caught in their prices are so low you'll probably say.
In the way you will say that for example right now get the floor fall special for just 1495 bucks just 1495 dollars gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring like I said it's unreal and laminets are us will match any legitimate written offer so for free and home estimate call laminets are us tool free.
1 877 777 3336 nothing could be simpler they give you free carpet disposal free furniture moving a 25 year warranty in years and years of beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring call them today toll free at 1 877 777 3336.
My life is lost this is for 205.60.
You're way away.
You dredge packers.
What light presents real American heroes.
Real American hero.
Today we salute you Mr. Highway Department's flag man.
You're interested with the awesome responsibility of kind of definitely almost telling us it's our turn to head down the only open lane on a two way street in rush hour.
It's always the other side's turn.
User take that orange flag and with the dexterity of a tree's lock make a gesture that says go or is that stop or are you trying to scare away a bee.
We'll never know.
Yes Mr. Highway Department flag man you were too partly to fit down a manhole.
You don't have the expertise to operate a shovel so they gave you are reflective best and entrusted you with our very lives.
Just keep the gas and the brakes.
So the next time you see a man at work sign track up at life to someone who's not even working and who on closer inspection might not even be a man.
Mr. Highway Department flag man.
A real American hero.
Mr. Highway Department flag man.
Let me give you a hand gesture.
St. Loser Missouri at 560 WQM.
Here's a fact that says a whole bunch of factors.
I love for a lot because it was the best thing for South Florida radio since Phil Henry it says are you sure.
However if he thinks that it's going to be better working for rat think and bolder who's being naive now Scott.
Well you understand it's not going to be any different because no matter where he goes he's going to have the same wackos on his ass.
And he's going to be under the same and if you think cheap channel if that's where he's going he might be going to that a 50 thing.
Is that owned by clear channel I have no idea.
I don't know anything about that station plus it's in Palm Beach.
But a few things that cheap channels going to let him run fast and lose they've got so many problems with ledge fix contest and everything else under the sun.
That'll be a cool day in hell so it's just going to be an ongoing thing.
It says I've had it with both Mo and Greg I think it's time for the Mussolini treatment on them both hang their corpses on a flagpole and throw rotten tomatoes at him.
Even that's too good for both of them it says well you may have a point there.
Jay and Davy says speaking of a wacky Jackie Jay and Dave says the best call this morning was an old fart who called Mo and said it's great to be able to use the first amendment to give it of those who abuse it.
Yeah that was wacky Jackie tied in here myself but evidently.
And why he was on the year I have no idea.
See I am going to say it again Robert Grieper how he gets off the hook on that thing yesterday and the thing this morning and beats the crap out of me except the course for the fact that he's clearance is boyfriend.
And this place basically what it's boiled down to now is that it's out of duff sands and out of Greg's hand and it's clearance and his little boyfriends is playmates and that's what we got here.
It says I was indifferent about Scotchio but I thought most sounded a little gibby this morning.
Oh sure see Mo when you're as insecure as he is everybody else who gets fired that means they need him that much Mo.
So that's a good thing for him because everybody in fact if it was up to Mo everybody else to be fired on a radio station even guilty.
Because then he could just be on all the time they could they could hook his colostomy to up to the goddamn transmitter.
He could be on 24 hours a day.
Here's one from Alexus I vote for a hiring Mo Howard David what an asshole.
One from Little Havana weekday mornings eight to 10 a.m.
Yeah might as well give him his own show he's already got kind of one every day anyway.
What across over it says Mo and one Mo got to go is what it says in other words I think what Alexus try to say is no.
Yeah.
So what you trying to say Alex no.
Here's another fact that says how about moving managed to eight to 10 and having spik and suds follow you.
Now spik and suds ain't going to be on a radio station but it managed eight to 10 and hang two to six sounds outstanding.
All right.
If it was me I'd be announcing that right now I'd be putting billboards up on that right now.
Can't you see the billboard here's the QM the new QM lineup five to eight a.m. you don't want to know.
Right that's what I would put on there you don't want to know eight to 10 the mad dog.
All right.
No good.
Tended to the Humper.
Hey stupid.
Two to six and after that no he's listening anyway.
Right?
That's what my billboard would say and if Donna Shalela don't like it that's for you honey.
See this is what I don't want to go into it.
I just I don't want to go through the whole thing very frustrating but again let you know and those of you people say well we listen to so and so when he does it that's not the point when you're working for somebody else and when you've done this over and over and over and over again and you've been fired more times than we can count here.
You finally say to yourself I guess I better clean up my ass a little bit because I think it'll work here at least not right now but like kind of lay low for a while till the ear clears and the man just apparently can't do it.
And I want to repeat what I said before I like the guy but I've never encountered anybody because what you people don't understand you think that all of us who are on the air not like me this is a radio show.
I'm not like this off the air I'm a very low key quiet guy off the air people meet me like oh gee well how come Neil so quiet because that's me screaming and carrying on for four hours a day here like this this is a radio show but with for real off the air there is absolutely no difference none.
It's exactly the same.
He never stops.
Which he ought to stop.
He ought to lighten up a little bit.
Listen to what other people have to tell him.
And here's another J who says I like for a lot we must be the dumbest S O B in history of dumb S O B's trust me there been many anyone who finds employment in an industry that demands your own creativity to succeed must establish a breaking point but when for all establish that point if you did as a starting line and not a ceiling that's a good way to describe it.
In other words we all draw a line and that's where we end at that line he starts at that line and then goes on from there.
A bigger mistake than for else only or would be QA and giving to their precious drive time hours to the big no I like that the big which he means the big I don't want to go for the line but he maybe worse off the lead in and the moment for maybe not that bad and J also says no more moments what he said that's what he says to no more.
The vote it's only 1107 and we have 319 votes even alien I think peeled into in significance compared to this what's the biggest screw up WQM is made in the last two years hiring Mohauer David 95
firing for L 85 almost pulling away a little bit Scott blow out the first team 50 and of course that's the thing that started this whole deal it's I realized it's two years later and a lot of people weren't here then or they forget but that's what I started the unraveling of the whole deal it's kind of like when you have like a sweater and there's like a piece of material it's like hang and I need start pulling it and then the whole thing starts unraveling the whole damn stinkin thing unravels right in your push blow out the first team 50
letting the crow get away 42 putting Neil on 9 to 127 and hiring for all only 20 out of 319 votes but he'll be on here somewhere and then he'll get candy again unfortunately I mean I'm not wishing him anything bad but it just you know I'm right don't you I've seen it before no that wasn't the question you know that I'm right it will have it again can't get fired in the shower you know that I'm right see I want to say it because you know you don't want to keep all the soap to himself 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 8 whatever
it is here's Port St. Lucie hello okay I have a great day pali that was Scott now we can't put you on here actually I guess we could put him on here but I probably had a good idea because he'd take crap or something here's a Miami hello
hello all right Rick and Suds looking for that 2 to 6 gig pretty weak here's Miami hello Daniel yes sir
yeah this is a full Canadian border in regards to the last one called on the Indian just appreciate your show you say it as it is in sports right and see you around a
I'll see I'll be eating at the eating center how do you like that amigo who's that guy calling from underwater just relax will you just calm down
I realize you're under a lot of pressure which is to relax take a deep breath quit being quite so spastic if that's possible but I doubt it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T line here's plantation hello how you doing sir
by the way I think that 8 50 AM is owned by the Sun Sentinel I'm not sure though the Sun Sentinel I had heard something about that you have to be kidding me I believe so check into I'm not that I'm not sure
doing a show pretty soon I know they don't get it and I got a couple more things what's the difference and I mean I'm not in the industry and I don't really know
and you know what consider yourself lucky what's the difference between some of the stuff that George talks about about the drugs and the eating ass what's the difference between that and some of the stuff for
all of the other is we out of fire George too I'll be honest no no no but wait a minute I think you may be onto something because quite frankly the
one feeling right now I think we had a fire like a whole lot of people you know what I like to see who's that
D.F. and Goldie 6 to 10 get rid of them all now you're talking man all right thank you so we said fire George and the D.F. and
Gildi from 6 to 10 everything was fine everything was so pleasant here people would walk around in a hallway and
yuck it up and have a great time back in the days of the first team everybody was high five and a low five and we had just as much food
coming in with you wanted it or not back in M days and then we went through that mo business it seems to me I
could be wrong that Moe is really the trigger in a wood pie
in the church
no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no this is Rush Limbaugh serving of humanity talk show host
hemorrhoid suffer folks are over 300 pounds I know the agony of this kind of dilemma ladies and gentlemen I'm here to tell you
there's help with new preparation Rush and my rush to excellent suppositories now you can end the pain and
it's ring of hemorrhoidal tissue just look for my picture on the box of suppositories and the applicator tube
another fine product from O.I.B the obesity and broadcasting network no anyway Jeff Cohen just came in here I warned you
don't come in I had a couple of slices of bacon this morning and I fart in my brains and I told you don't come in here
I don't smell the thing good come a little closer I'll I'll let till walk to the left
Jeff just brought me in a nice hundred dollar bill here would been franklin on it it looks like it might be real
for a band of pet rescue so what do we got now 39,530 but it should be a piece of cake we are going over the 40 grand
mark I still don't see Greg's check in here any where do you haven't seen hide in here a Greg read I'm
really well he's busy you know he's got under a lot of stress plus he's embarrassed and he knows that I'm
on to him he knows that I know anyway the reason I played the rush but even though we played all the time is
because rush will be back on the air on Monday
what the not that not all you little heads out there dancer Kuzansky okay kick kick up your heels together if you can do it with a big hip boots on
because rush returns on Monday with a lot of excuses and stories and bull crap about how what really happened and about how the
inquire and inquire saved his life absolutely he probably be a dead man there's my close person where now you can come in
because I just farted real bad there's Greg read the man our own Humpty Dumpty's in the hallway now trying to put the pieces together again
there's a piece right there I won't tell you what but nevertheless I'm telling a mad dog 8 to 10 Hank 2 to 6 don't give me the look just make it happen okay wave your magic one
pay him write him a blank check that said bigger the greatest line up in radio history will salvage your ass no matter what you
whether you like it or not he says I get out of here go away go away
oh I got an idea if he can do material like that Greg 8 to 10 oh I think I just had a brainstorm asked the manager
back at member at iod Jeff member when we used to have asked the program director when Steve Nichol used to do those things
on here remember that yeah ask the program director right of course he was in coherent I don't don't start please you know
I mean absolutely right but that's an idea ask the manager we can have Greg weed on every day for me to 10 I'll
give the audience some questions asked by the way haha haha some inside inflammation three that make his
hair stand on and what a least got but he could be in Rome right now than all of this business going on
but he can't be there I hope the power 96 people have a really good time in Rome I think what I asked
me out of quote told him about some great tractor ears to hit oh boy I know the good spots
359 votes what's the biggest screw up QI was made in the past two years by the way I noticed Greg didn't
bring me his check for for all four and seventy bucks I didn't see a check in his hand no I saw
something else in his hand the biggest mistake hiring Mohawar David has got 110 votes absolutely
firing for real 94 that's correct blowing out the first team 59 for the first team holy ice cream
to make it we have to sit on like a tub of ice cream letting the crow get away 44 and by the way
putting nila 9 to 132 and guess what we want again hiring for real 20 only 20 say hiring for
was a bad mistake let's see here's a chance as you are a lot more racist and sexually perverse
why why did for real get fired yours truly Chad a lot more racist and sexually perverse
on perverse that's what you think asshole and if this guy don't stop sending me his
caliber we already had that story on about how halibutans overcharging for the gas we already
had that on weeks ago case her please pages and pages of crap
Jeff and Lake Worth some suggestions for the eight to ten hours the best of Joseph Gackie
Joseph Gackie sucks okay okay handy capping from the callers stable and the stables with
Eddie K the hammer and D foe the duty boys porn star that they show morning exercise you'll
host it by Doreen oh yeah should be doing some push-ups in the pickle patch behind the scenes
in NASCAR hosted by Joe Castello Jim Manditz talks stocks and bonds all right morning we're
may hosted by the hammer from his condo let's talk ww2 hosted by bino and to our fantasy football
advice by the big the big oink going to be on he's a good guy like I said but he he belongs on
the air like Jeff Cohen belongs flying the 747 right now across the pond by the way your here
does look a little strange but then again you're strange though but we're gonna in less than an hour
we're gonna have 400 votes this this is I think alien we just pales into one significance by comparison
I really believe that don't forget Miguel will be at marine max boats starting at the new noon to two
we need another 470 bucks to get to a 40 grand today they might be doing it right on
on our website on ea roger's dot come we might get to 40 before he even goes out
here's a call from some rise hello hi Neil how you doing okay yeah um
um what my thought is just sticking with the whole sports all the time format is uh what sort of
bring us out sports top radio stations there's something like a diamond dozen yeah maybe if you
do like an alternative sports dirt radio where you can you know bring out things we really want to
hear about other the single ponders and all that yeah yeah you're right I know what you're
talking about the sports talk on this station is just a board of in my hear about y'all all
this analytical talk about the left guard and the right tackle and this one with his hamstring
that is how anybody could listen to that thing mental help well I mean it just is there
after day now uh one name that I I haven't heard you bring up maybe you might want to bring Mike
when it we're nearing back yeah that would be good well I did that that's it so yeah poor taste man
poor taste sorry Neil very poor taste god will punish you for that sir
don't do later okay I hope not how do you like that guy dies a few months ago this guy is
I'm making my greenery jokes now I hope they dance on your grave sir and believe me from the
side of your voice it won't be long five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
Jeff Cohen by the way there's another guy wouldn't listen to me you're like for real you won't listen
anybody now and nobody will listen to me I mean the audience listens to me whether they pay
attention not that's another story but at least they they reach over in a crank it and the dial too
but anybody else I try to tell them something bad about they they just stare on experts
and I have ear witnesses out there this audience heard me advise that guy a mezzillion time and
you always was saying well you're my mentor and you're the one that told me I do everything you
but you don't do anything I told you Scott that's the problem didn't do any of the stuff I told you
just take the bank the you know check in fact he didn't even have to go to the bank it was direct
deposit with him just take a look at your bank account the smile and look in the mirror and then go
out and get laid into whatever you want and have a good time and uh have a few free beers at the
ball game and that's it have a great life life is sweet I know speaking for the rest of us here
on this radio station mad dogs always say it in a Humper and yours truly what's not to like and
even mow is happy he's an old fart and bokeh I mean plays golf every day we're happy bunch here
we realize that even though we're working for a bunch of red necks over there on a west coast with
their finger deep inside their nose and each others uh right we realize that it ain't so bad
get about 75 weeks a year vacation right I'm making some very serious bucks they don't like it
I tell them to stick it where the moon don't shine nothing they can do about it by the way we got
a trend coming out November 18 what day is that uh Tuesday 3 p.m. Tuesday will be the next
arbitrarily the beginning of the fall book what would be something if a rail has gigantic number
well see your laughing but the problem is is every month in the trends in the summer book his
number kept going down and got him and mow down they did well what do you look see I'm glad that
you're a witness okay how I deal with this for four hours every day I have no idea I a little
I sure picked the right week to come back the expressions on your face are not of human origin okay
that's all I can tell you Scott the the the facial expressions have nothing to do with being a human
being there's something uh all I'd like to know is where are they hiding the ship you've seen small
veil you know how they have that he has it down in the basement you've never seen it he's got
the spaceship in the basement evidently in the balls of the qm building there must be something
similar to that one Elmer says is it completely out of the question to put George and suds on
for me to tell is it out of the question yes it is out of the question it says why not
they obviously have great chemistry with each other that would give you a natural lead in I would
venture to say that these two would go on a more ratings than whomever else outs out of mad dog maybe
measly we would put it in a time slot that's for five to eighty m who really cares anyway says Elmer
and that's right Elmer that's why we stuffed those guys in here five day because nobody really cares
now you're catching on you know what I mean and he got the job done five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon and I guess the diary is better though wireless line
388 votes what's the biggest screw up that wqm has made in the past two years hiring mohauer
david a hundred and eighteen how do you like that that's correct firing for well 104 blowing out
of comedians out there putting nila nine to one thirty three so that should have more votes in
that but again it didn't affect they don't they don't get it and hiring for well only 24 out of
three eighty we'll have over four hundred votes by the bottom of the yard this is phenomenal
in an hour in an hour which means that people are leaving work kids are racing out of school right
now running there or they're going to the nearest PC wherever the hell they got them in school
they're going to go down the street and steal one out of a best buy
which might not be a bad idea because if you really want to go to best buy and stand online you'll
never get weighted on anyway and now here's some more more clowns with more a phony line ups very sad
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
here's a call from bokeh hello good morning sir
I'm a little twist on your nominations if I may go ahead and twist the way man
great one that's what chubby checker said twist away
about bringing in a great one for an hour six to seven he's a powerful speaker who's that
let me Reverend Jones here no yeah Reverend Jones in uh-huh by the way they told me you were at the
track last night Reverend Jones and you're just as much of an asshole at the track as you are in person
I want to say this hey Mickey McNickle I hope you're listening this morning Mickey you still suck
you're pathetic picked a sixty eight dollar horse I gave to fat rich in the first race last night
never cashed a dime on it had it in the double and who's uh build bigler in the amateur race man
amateur's the word baby had a five dollar go out or double going with a one to two shot in the
second race and the horse makes a break at the start and finishes eight million lengths behind
the field build bigler stick to the outplant okay stick to planting the seeds Billy you're awful
for me depressing that the popular plus fat rich kept farting farting oh god
no sir if at one time he was like standing over tonight by the next table I know this side
there was nobody sitting at luckily for them and then he like uh I wonder what is he doing
over there pretending to be looking at the odds board and reading his program and then he finally
waddled back over to where our table wasn't sat down oh man my eyes I felt like I felt like my
eyes were melting like I've been stirring directly at the sun for an hour wow wow wow wow wow
hey rich nice seeing you but forget about it so we got forty a thirty nine thousand five thirty
today's a magical day we're gonna go over the forty thousand dollar mark for band and per rescuers
in a normal year will be over eighty grand by now I'm sure but it's not a normal year just that
Jeff Cohen he'll tell you they don't feel bad everybody I talk to is crying to blues it's just uh
you know in spite of everybody would bush people all the big recovery is on nobody else has told me
that everybody else is singing to blues there ain't no business like showbizness four hundred and
fourteen votes like I said we're gonna have over five hundred votes by noon today boys and girls
we're shattering all records four fourteen what's the biggest screw up the wqm has made in the last
two years hiring Moe Howard Davided hundred and twenty eight absolutely firing for well hundred
and twelve a close second they're pretty pissed off especially after you're in boar for two hours
this morning good guy but wow blowing out the first team sixty eight letting the crow get away forty
six putting Neil on nine to one you crazy bastards you that was bad thirty four and five a hiring
for all only twenty six out of over four hundred votes I'm pretty impressed takes a lot to impress me
I'm amazed I'm blown away by the response didn't hurt that we had the two articles in the paper
this morning even though jikas of course is like as usual a lot of mistakes a lot of them and it's
not that long it's only a few paragraphs time you still couldn't get a right god wouldn't idiot
if you're like time jikas you're over paid and underworked I mean the other way
how do you like all those trips to L.A. time huh you're out of touch baby if you're underpaid
and overworked if your job isn't worth a dime here's a chance for you to really change your life
if you'd like to get yourself some training for a new high paying career but you don't have four
years of your life to pay for and await to get yourself that career here's the answer for you
call our friends at fast train today toll free at one eight six six fast train they can have
you train certified for a high paying computer network professional career or a high paying medical
computer specialist career and as little as four months that's correct you can be fully trained
and ready for a new career and as little as four months fast train offers day evening and weekend
classes job placement assistants and financial aid for people to qualify to and with six convenient
Florida locations and four of them right here in south Florida it just makes sense there's bound
to be a fast train close by you so call them today first if you like you can read more about what
they do for you on a web at fast train dot com and then make the call to change your life and get
you a real high paying career call one eight six six fast train and when you make that call be sure
until the old Todd Dreck told you to call
we're supporting you five six you a m
what's that crap they played down the hole that's how I'm not garbage the kids that they don't know
it's good like that song I'm happy I live in a split level head you remember that
how can you listen I'm happy I live in a split level head I'm happy I live in a split level
head you don't remember that now why am I surrounded by morons come on how we don't you
go be how we make a lot of efforts to put an agent from you pal
ow you're not a petal okay that's it you're all pion you're best to open the open
you listen to me you're pion
okay that goes for you too you know who I am I'm the king of paradise
I came down here after losing my child but to be a big fish in a little pond
when they kicked me off the espion they told me don't come back again I had some problems with
wise guys who advised I moved to paradise yeah fire that's very late no Louis 9
I got you fucking you're a fire and I hope that kids got what dies I hope he dies I hope you all die
I'm a big fish in a little pond to see you a big fish in a little pond
everybody I'm a big fish in a little pond to see you a little pond to see you a little pond
yeah
11 32 at 5 60 WQM Psychotic Thursday to you man November 13 an unlucky number for the whole
world I think this not a good day 428 votes though a very impressive total of the people are
emotional and psychotic and neurotic about the ongoing here that just see how many times
I said this you just kind of wanted yourself will everything eventually ever come down to earth
no and like kind of settle here you know you know I mean well we've ever kind of like all come
down and fall into place and settle no and no just it's just ain't gonna happen here
because they can't leave it alone it's just an never ending dittling process 433 votes now they're
coming in in chunks chunks the biggest screw up QM's made in the last two years hiring Mo 133 firing
for well 120 blowing out the first team 71 letting the crow get away 47 putting me on 9 to 136
hiring for alone in 26 let's see oh Mike says a 50 AM is now WFT alone by the James crystal
radio group whoo I was in four Myers life tweaking her signal was really strong Diva was on 4 to 7
daily in the show is really great oh Mike man you got a real sense of humor sweetheart
his show is really great I like D foe but let's let's not get carried away okay his show is really great
right you know what I think you know they got the what yeah look exactly here's Miami Beach hello
hey how are you Neil I'm okay hey I've been on hold since the 1972 before Jesus was a baby
and look at keeping out of trouble I love your show and I've been listening to it since the very
beginning today where your analogy of the kid the burning his hand right I think you really are a
pretty good friend of bros because you seem to be all around what for else real life problem is
when you're a 37 year old and you can't handle authority and you flip flop from job to job right
and nobody can tell you what you can do right I think the word you're looking at is maturity
right that's that's that's pretty good analization and if if I think the best thing for all
friends and family can do a sit down with him and say yes son you know you're 37 you're really
gonna have to grow up have you ever met him yes I have have you ever tried to have a rational
conversation with him yes yes and he's a very young 37 really and I know that yeah well of course
and you know him on a friendly basis and you know he's a young man he's a perky upbeat sharp young
man but you know when you can't deal with authority you can't deal with the bosses and as you said
earlier today you can't play the game the way it's supposed to be played right well thought
question of playing the game is a question of doing what they expected to do and doing it the way
they want you to and that's it so simple as that people draw the parameters and either you do it
or you don't do it that's all and I'll say it again when you keep getting can't over and over
and over again the rest of the world can't be wrong and you'd be right it doesn't work that way
it's not like the whole world is not a lot of step and he's in line and you have to admit that
that goes to a man's maturity it goes to his maturity man the maturity may be part of it but I've
also maybe just common sense yeah and also maybe some people just aren't all that bright if I
I don't I hate to say that but some people just aren't that smart and and and you know what he did
use you Neil as a parameter for his performance and well well I'm only a serious why is that what
the other why I have to do with him well you're yeah and quite frankly I'm really I really got
a little bit very tired that's been well you know Neil does it and the fact that matter
in Neil doesn't do the things that he said that I do maybe maybe the words are used but not in
the way that he uses them and that's where he doesn't understand the difference exactly because
your experience level are you there I'm here I'm listening okay because you have to look my assets
you know it's already a little sore from there but bacon no no but your experience level shows you
how far you can go where where you can go and where you know I'll give the best example again we
had the problem last year with that condolence a bit and we had some complaints from some outside
agitators who are trying to get me canned and you know it came down to they told me don't play it
again or we're going to have to fire you you know it'll be caused for firing your ass and so we
don't play it anymore that's all do I have a need to play that no of course not you know and have a
great day thanks and that's all that you don't do this okay fine do I agree with it no of course
I don't agree with it but it's not my radio station like I tried to explain to some of those little
uh Julio agitators during your circle jerk last week it's not my radio station they call they call
the shots and quite frankly they give me enough latitude am I going to complain about it no of course
not not like every week they're coming in here saying oh gee you did this and and then must tell
you something okay that should have told for ral something they're not coming in here every week
and saying oh gee when you did this because I don't in addition to which I have a buffer
and the buffer being is that I have a guarantee in writing that the same agitator who was
agitating against for well can't agitate against me a thing that he signed voluntarily years ago
after the man took two years out of my life at w i o d and it's eight and uh i and z and I'm sure he's
listening right now even though he's not supposed to be better turn it off jack turn it off right now
get your toothbrush ready five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and it's
really very very sad that we all live under this cloud it just like that one guy who went after
Howard Stern remember that guy he was he was actually moving his residence from one market to
another just so we could claim to live in a certain place and legitimately a file a complaint
against Howard's certainly FCC and infinity one paying hundreds and hundreds of thousand dollars
because of one person let me say it again and I realize my saying it isn't going to make it so
community standards aren't determined by one wacko anywhere but one person likes or doesn't like
or finds tasteful or distasteful should never determine community standards especially in New
York or Miami or Los Angeles where there are millions and millions of people and one person
decides that something is offensive and therefore they're going to say wow we're going to find your
it's just again part of the whole thing that's happening in this country the chilling of free speech
456 votes Moe was leading for L by 10 hard to catch the moment I'll tell you that when he's off
to a big Lee like that very far see this very far see that hard just come down here's a call from
Miami hello hello Neil yes sir I do with a old for such a long time well it's okay you're not going
anywhere usually a first amendment champion yeah and I feel bad that for all got camping I really
enjoy what does that mean and what did I just get you saying well you yeah you're talking about
community standards and before what did I say before that about the kind of leaser bit they said
don't play it or we fire you and you decided that the paycheck I decided that I need the job
okay if I had enough money to retire I tell them stuff it goodbye that's I play a one last time
and I'd say goodbye that's it well it's got nothing to do with the first amendment it's got to do with
the common sense it's got to do with protecting your job protecting your livelihood that's what we're
talking about here not the freaking first amendment well I think for real at the end of the day he's
brought a large audience or whatever else they're going to put back on his time slot over there
larger audience and the mad dog well I don't know okay I've been listening to you guys for a while and
he was drawing a good book I think or even don't know how to book this he was having a bad
trend but the David thing is just putrid I mean the David thing or the Howard David thing I'd
never heard him again by calling that it's really it's David thing David Howard I mean it's
pure crap unless they want to write off the whole thing that Howard turned in the morning
that there's nothing to do I hope for a lands back on his feet maybe gets on the 940
940 would be good actually he enough to croak and do it have a great day power all right by
guarantee for all of Crowe is a good guy but about 45 pounds of talcum powder if you ever met
that more in chroma I know who he is I'm not talking about I didn't ask you do you know who he is
okay we're not questioning your sports trivia knowledge we're asking did you ever meet the man
in the flesh did you ever smell the talcum powder no don't 19 till noon just a little piece of
advice don't 19 to noon at 560 W. Kermit got the mad dog at 2 today who soon is going to be
doing 8 to 10 all right I have that feeling it's a see I tried telling me for what to do they never
listen to me in this place they never ever listen to me I got the solution for you right there
mad dog 8 to 10 Neal 10 to 2 have a hump or 2 to 6 any kind of crap you want to throw on
your 6 to 7 before whatever the ball games and stuff the hockey games and whatever
there's the solution for and just and put it in there and leave it and go with it
and then you don't have to worry about the the FCC and this one said this and that one said that
and yada yada yada then you got it made in the shade baby your hand and the answer right there for
a free of charge not even a consultation fee unlike their expensive consultants who have those
big powwow's those big boot camps in San Diego for a great expense you don't even have to go to
boot camp for this one so what do you say Greg how about it 18 to Luna QM I'll tell you one
thing brandy shoes is going stronger than ever they've been in business for over 25 amazing years
in this town have you got any my idea how many shoes doors go out of business every year in this
town at least but brandy is still going strong after 25 years because they give their customers
an unbeatable combination for their feet they give you the top brands the top price the deals
they have a staff that make sure you get a perfect fit every time with friendly personal service
you like rock ports they got them echo is mefisto timbulin clars s a s floor shim all the top names in
a shoe binis and no matter what your feet are like whether they're teeny and tiny or big and fat and
wide they got the size to fit you right now men six to fifteen women's five to twelve
words from the very narrowed the very wide and with over 40,000 pair of shoes and stocking
their gigantic eight thousand square foot megastore you can bet scots life on it that whatever you're
looking for they got in stock to slap on your foot right now you find brandy's at twelve nine
to north federal highway and pop it obi chup and daily nine to nine sundays ten to five and don't
forget all this weekend you can buy one pair at the regular price and get the second pair for
half price on women's rose hammers and vannelli and men's and women's new balance shoes let me say
it again the sale is on women's rose hammers and vannelli and men's and women's new balance shoes
so stop by the store or get more info on the sale on their website brandy's shoes dot com
which we'll buy some q a m
g-string up here i'll do it the mad dog is out of control and you'll find out why when you
hear the latest release from blackbuster entertainment g-mandage sings duet
now
me
физ
uh
Twins! Achilles Church!
F iemand Das shouting
Grann, ist es legal
D�
Respond
Spritz
Pritz
Pritz
Nazism
Zip setty
He felt a little bit foolish.
I don't like that.
You ain't gonna hear that.
But now he says,
I like it.
I like it.
The mad dog just can't kiss enough
for that cottage cheese butt.
If he wants to be the sing,
God bless the American
and paste these in the G-string up here.
I'll do it.
You got smooth,
and everybody knows
that it's alright.
Oh, right.
Listen to the mad dog sing himself happy.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
Mama!
She's mad at sing's duet,
available now at all blockbuster stories.
I think that's the answer.
Absolutely.
13 to noon at 5.60 WNQM.
Here's the facts from Bill the one
that hates George like poison.
When you lay off George for a little bit,
Jesus, what is wrong with you people, man?
There are a lot of people who hate me.
They hate George.
That's fine. You're entitled.
But what about...
He's on vacation this week.
What does he got to do with anything?
Is he after with someone with this?
Oh no.
No.
man is so ponderous. Anyway Bill who's a real putt says a meal for your second
pull I'd love to your chuck booms of the late great Collean boom show I show
that even on a year anymore and they said George still sucks I hope he gets fired
next see that that's the kind of people we're dealing with here hateful nasty
people who said I'll be sending you a check a hundred bucks for Ben and
Papers do you know I'll build keep it I don't want it I don't want your check
you make me sick go away. The hypocrisy is the greatest no I know I'm not like
defending George I mean I can understand why people don't like George just
like they don't like me everybody I has their detractors but this guy just
carries it to such a level and such a degree you know like a fetish like he's
got like a little George blow up dollar he's like a licking right now here's
a fact that says screw all this stuff about I'm I'm paraphrasing about for
all getting fired the question is does this mean he's now this is one of our
the most chronic facts you're the more I think it's an inside job does this mean
he doesn't get his free dollar my person I bet you this is fat boy who's sending
these chronic facts I just figured it out I think this is fat boy
sending these facts is I know this is the inside the handwriting worse of
anybody else it's you fat boy I'm not pulling anybody
tub of crap by the way the sabers stink I know they got a tie last night
Leafs got one thin and high five one that's okay we'll be back we're not oh
look at this on the next flash on the next refresh then we can change the
pull already a fax the anyone because this is enough is enough on this we've
already proven to point how many we got 496 and when it refreshes it
again it'll be so refreshing in fact I'm gonna do it right now manually and
refreshing thing too okay let's see how many votes we got on the first poll today
and just less than an hour and 20 minutes this is earth shocking shaking 498
so only two more to get over 500 meantime I'll read you the next poll it's
gonna be up at noon at noon Eric and then you can go up back to lunch what's
the biggest screw up oh no that's what's the biggest screw up Neil just made in
the last few seconds reading that again I played that one bit twice I'm just
not well I got to get out of here why don't you go back to Canada fat country
okay who would you like to see replaced for all from 8 to 10 a.m. on Q.a.m. that's
our question I see we've asked these things in various forms before but of
course in this case it turns out to be a reality because we have a big kind
like Scrooan we have a big opening a big empty slot to fill here the choices on
here I think I may have carved them all I don't know don't care I won't listen
anyway Jim Manditch Kim Bo camper the big oh Jeff Deforest Joe Rose Joe Zagaki or
Moan Geldy 6 to 10 a.m. I think I covered them all I don't know if we have
anybody else we could stick in there who would you like to see replaced for all
8 to 10 now they got canned here at Q.a.m. don't care I won't listen anyway Jim
Manditch Kim Bo camper the big oh Jeff Deforest Joe Rose Joe Zagaki or Moan Geldy
go to 6 to 10 a.m. I think I covered them all if not I'm sure I'll hear about it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 T and for eyes on wireless line I bet you if I
refresh it one more time here I bet we'll be over 500 vote won't that be a
phenomenal thing almost as exciting as we when we go over 40 grand on our
abandoned per rescue 508 to be exact the biggest screw up W. Creme has made in
the last two years here it is firing Moa Howard David or a hiring Moa Howard David
oops excuse me that hasn't happened yet hiring Moa Howard David at 157 firing
for real 148 blowing out the first team 75 letting the Kroge it away 49 that
was a bad mistake putting Neil on 9 to 1 a horrible mistake 47 and hiring
for well only 32 out of 508 so there's your next poll is coming up moment about
eight minutes at noon so pile on the other one Burger King apologizes to
breastfeeding mom Burger King has served up a plane apology to woman who
said she was ordered by a franchise employee to stop breastfeeding her baby in
the fast food restaurants dining room or leave customers were enjoying it Kate
Geary said she was made to feel like a criminal for breastfeeding her baby girl
Monday and asked the burger change for an apology mommy based Burger King
Corpus should a generic apology and prepare release the other day Burger
King Corporation and our franchisee apologize for any of convenience any of our
guest experience at our restaurant on November 10 2003 the release said and
that's it the company said its employee was simply responding to the
request of another customer who was uncomfortable with Geary breastfeeding at
the eatery Geary was never asked to leave the restaurant the statement said the
general manager said a female employee to speak with the woman asked that she
either cover herself or move to the ladies room Geary contends he was fully
covered the restaurant about 40 miles south of Salt Lake City does not have a
policy on breastfeeding Utah State losses woman has a right to breastfeed
anywhere on a bus out in the middle of the street in the or a living room in
your dining room in your rainless anywhere she wants and Scott's packing he's
ready to move to Utah and of course you can mirror like about 50 year old
idiom if you like to on top of it
watch your long reach to this fax machine here I'll tell you that not a good
set up in this joint let's see here's a cry of a chronic can we get to if
we're gonna get faxes can we hear from some different people the fax machine is
just like the damn phone it's the same same lifeless mung heads look at look at
writing I mean even you recognize it now look at it like I said look look the
other way they took for else picture out of the host section on the website
already however they overlooked the little blue lineup ticker in the middle
ha ha here's another endorsement for spick and suds a to rick and suds are not
coming to wqa m ok to break the news to you rick and suds don't do a sport show
which automatically says they won't be here then it says sums what is it some
surprise the little anti-semitic coolio when he returns from I don't know what
that means come surprise the little anti-semitic coolio when he returns vacation
do we have any idea what that means no come surprise ok whatever you say five six
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 t and fries and wireless
line let's get about four hundred calls in before noon here's for Lauderdale
hello pretty good sir yeah I think that anyone who's listening you have to
realize that the most important thing is to keep the station on the air and
most importantly to keep you on the air I mean I mean what good is it not just
keeping me on here but if they can't keep the license keeps the station on
and all this other talk is just a bunch of gibberish and the and the other
thing is I have a feeling that Greg re probably in hiring for a selfie felt
that he was going to see your example to see you know please don't don't do
that to me now I'm I'm I absolved myself of any of that okay I do tend to
I'm not here as a teacher and instructor a motivator I'm here doing my own
thing I try to cooperate with everybody else except Moa of course and I do the
best I can I get along great with a mad dog with the Eddie K would Hank with the
Joe Rose with Bo camper I get along great with everybody here except those
early early morning guys and other net everything here is fine so don't put it
off on me please but that's what a lot of you are doing it I don't I resent
that okay especially listen to me especially when you're dealing with a
whole listen to anybody you can't talk to this man okay good point that's
what hey just one last thing though I just got back from Hamburg Germany
you know you've got to go I know that you go up to Cologne and Berlin area you've
got to go up to Hamburg Hamburg greatest city in Germany really it's it's it's
got a whole different ambiance I mean from say from Frankfurt or Munich or even
Berlin today do they like go step a little bit there not really
good for the dead mark but yeah they don't have the influence as much about you know
the women and and and for you the man for me for me the man and for you the women
okay I'll check them out and see if I can figure out which is what thanks a lot
Pally already talk about four minutes till noon boy it's smoking right along we
got five hundred and forty one votes on that pool in an hour and a half it is
just a shot but your Eric is like didn't know what to do scream or peel is a
thing plus I bid on my tongue earlier when I was eating that bacon God was
punishing me I shouldn't be eating that I only had like three or four strips in
fact they sent another one of those big things with my name on it and I open it
up from the box out there and it had another eight hundred you already almost
killed me already how is your food is great we appreciate it but cut the cramp
that was three orders of bacon that whole big thing no that must have been forty
orders of bacon no kidding god almighty not there to sink a battle that's why I
didn't bring that one in her just brought one of those little uh the things
wrapped in foil and had about three four strips that is damn good best bacon in
the world how is it by the way it's loaded with nitrites and stuff that'll
kill you cause cancer three minutes till noon a q a m. Hey imagine this imagine
zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit bureau fee zero discounted
points it's the last mortgage you'll ever need it's the revolutionary only one
mortgage from our friends at financial group and now with an interest rate of
just one point ninety five percent you'll save like crazy for example when
this deal you pay only seven hundred and thirty eight bucks a month if you have
a two hundred thousand dollar loan and once you be financed a good new home
mortgage from financial group you'll never ever pay closing costs again so call
today tool free one eight hundred nine four o'lenned grab real financing power
with low rate mortgage you can move to your next property without any further
cost of expense only one mortgage from financial group if you want all the
details here's the deal call one eight hundred nine four o'lenned it's a whole
new and smart way to buy there's zero underwriting fee zero dot fee zero
prepayment penalty and zero closing costs even when you move to another
property how do you like that so get financing it just one point ninety five
percent call one eight hundred nine four o'lenned and never ever pay closing
cost again call financial group today do it right now call one eight hundred nine
four o'lenned led the Renekual Housing Lender restrictions apply rate
subject change monthly five point one nine APR
line and local
your sports radio five sixty two eight
eight two
check out what's not in the pages of this month's not Rosie magazine
wow it's not a single photo of Rosie your dad was scary your haircuts
right and that's not all you'll be missing in the new issue of not Rosie
check out page seventy two
not there's not a single word about our completely a sexual
evacuation of concrete that's right because not Rosie magazine is not one
hundred percent Rosie free and we think that's a one hundred percent improvement
are there any healthy eating tips from Rosie the world's most unhealthy looking
celebrity absolutely not either any photos of Rosie on a motorcycle with her
city lawn boyfriend no because that's not a boy and the magazine's not Rosie
so tell me ladies do you still miss Rosie not not Rosie magazine it's not about
Rosie and that's not bad
hey Rosie how you doing sweetheart it's a trouble two of five sixty WQ I am
here's the fact it says put Romardi back on eight to ten a.m. no that's probably
from Pete Bolger gotta be from the people over there cheap channel they just
can't wait for it plus he's already got a job there on the low read in the
almost invisible morning show on schlock nine forty is that where he's going nine
forty four oh it's not going anywhere come on let's hear it wait me he's not
going anywhere I think he's going to a kitchen now for a sandwich I'm talking about
Monday morning when he go after no one ever how he's going on here what does
they even tell us you know believe me you know you're holding back information
which is not good I would never do that to you're holding back am I right absolutely
we know it five six seven oh okay we can change the pool on there I thought we
said we changed it at noon I was probably busy a digesting several branches
and lunches this morning and now it's already afternoon come on Eric when it
outside it down there five hundred and sixty four votes this is the last time I'm
looking at this one when I look at the screen again I want to see that new pool
about who do you like and that's all he's got to do I've got to do is make the
change like Michael Jackson said make the change baby there's change the pool and
you can go off and you can have just eat all day long eat yourself until you
have a ruptured pupic five hundred and sixty four votes in the final total is who's
well what's the biggest screw up you know it's made in the last two years hiring
Moe Howard David at a hundred and seventy one absolutely firing for all well
oh see I was trying to read it now he changes it on me see what a prick we're
dealing with up there good to know he's not listening yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
he's not listening just like certain other people weren't supposed to be
listening aren't listening right and I got some real hot land in the
Everglades to sell your real cheap okay you don't need to told you know what is
anyway Moe Moe one to deal that's correct what would you like to see replace
for Ralph from eight to ten who would you like to see what who I'm QAM we can put
Rick and Suds on there I don't see why we don't do that is that Eric is that
that smuck that fat putter tell him put Rick and Suds on there and then we'll
let him go to lunch we got I don't care because I want to sit anyway Jim
Mandage Kimbo camper the big god for bed don't do it Greg Jeff the forest
Joe Rose Joe Zagaki okay okay and Moe and Geldy six to ten of him and then we'll
put Rick and Suds in there I'm voting for the mad dog I tell that right up front I
don't care usually don't tell you who I'm voting for I don't care my voters for
the mad dog he's a ratings monster he is the sleeping giant of sports talk and
just entertainment in the general miss market he really is he's a lot more
popular than most people realize he you know we just taken for granted I guess
because the old number 88 what who I was answering from him shim
Mandage old number 88 now when I said old number 88 you have to ask me who I'm
talking about if I said he was old number 80 would you have any idea who I was
talking about Mark Clayton I dumped the bitch right now I would too Joe Joe
Rose number 80 those two height ends no he wasn't a football player he's just
like he likes taking showers with the guys naked or with a close on he don't
mind okay we got some votes on there already it just popped up on air don't
care I won't listen eight to ten anyway six now see those are people either
who don't listen to the radio before ten or who listen to Howard Spurm or
some of their station they're just not QA and people or at least not at that
hour six mad dogs got five it just went up there the forest two rose one and
none for anybody else out of the first the first mattering a 14 vote five six
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line here's pompato hello
pop it oh going once they were only on their couple of hours oh now see you
you're really pressing your luck two days in a row you think we're gonna get a
real call from Coral Gables hello now didn't happen five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line here's oh this is Coral
Gables and there's nobody on there either so it didn't work here's Hollywood
hello okay sir yeah I want a place of both Joe Rose I think man is really
stuck I mean I like him I think he's cool but he's pretty much getting stale to
me he talks about the same stuff yes up against people who drink shardonnay and
hey yes sir and green lizard is getting stale you know I I trust his opinion on
football but nothing else here a little dog man he likes the little dog this guy
he's tickling his own fancy there plus the longer thing if we put Joe on there we
know he talk about for two hours hour from bokeh yeah which I wouldn't mind
following that I voted for the mad dog loved Joe Rose I have no problem with that
I'd have no problem with there's only well I'd have a lot of problem with a lot
of them but that having been said let me also say this I'm just reaching for
faxes let me just also say this I don't really care that much we do tend to two
well now what is this you put Rick and Sides put Warren Cromarty no I'm not I'm
not don't don't be directing the show okay now we're getting a factory with
direct in the show it's got to be inside job here's one that said oh this Alice I'm
I you want to send like 50 faxes every day I'm not gonna read them okay just
like callers once a king always a king but once a queen's enough that's once
print up Prince Charlie says Prince is Charlie over across the pond she's under
a lot of stress you know under her dress here's Hollywood hello yes sir how
you done okay the big problem what is the big problem sir okay the big problem is
but right now our David he's polarized the entire staff at the station he's
made the list and is not want to listen and you need a lead in I mean the
station they need to get a true six to ten morning show absolutely just like
when there was a first thing was on whether you like Joe the Farge you like go
the a little bit you like Joe Rose yeah we didn't have no major problem in
those days everything was going along to that's why that's why they screwed around
it absolutely and and and that's absolutely that's a really
connected show from you know five to nine and nine to eight and
that's such a thing nobody see that I think that's a radio for 50 years and it
was traditionally morning drive to get a radio for 200 years and I never
heard of such a thing that they got these chopped up little blocks and the
only reason that they're backed into record of doing that was another Greg
mistake because he screwed up moving the deal and he had to withstand Howard's
contract because he screwed the thing went over his his hand on the contract
deal so now he stuck with the guy that he doesn't want so they jammed him back
there in the wee hours in the morning here for next 80 years to eat croaks
well and if they are the problem I don't know if you've listened to top and
broadcast on the radio in the afternoon no I never listen to the games by
hearing he's making a lot of mistakes he has all but nooted the mad dog really
he might not even be on anymore oh that's right he likes to do his broadcast he
likes to do his color comments and then like mad dog is now left to be making
these in any comments with before he and Zimper were a good team right and so
you know it's just he's he's ruined the football broadcast in the afternoon
and he's or whenever they play and he's ruined the morning and he's polarized
and has everybody I mean Joe Rose never said who about anybody and that one
Saturday he had that that that would you play it a hundred times that that
while the conversation he had with Howard David he ripped him apart that's
correct so he's just you know he's polarized station and I think that they should
somehow get rid of him pay him his money let him do his top and broadcast and put
somebody up and there you know I think I have two words that I think are going to
solve the problem nursing home yes have a great day pali
maybe they can send him to the same nursing home that Edna Wallace on
passion is going to go to they can compare notes although Edna is a lot
funnier 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line as we
continue like like I told you years ago it's a soap opera baby that's what's
all about but I also want to tell you this it's all about two things entertainment
that's number two that's way down the list and number one it's about money
that's what we're here for that's what commercial radio is all about it's
about making money now I want to draw parallels and somebody was a fax me before
about for all the best things since Phil Henry to come to the market I'll draw
your parallel now for well also did the thing yesterday which I don't think this
is the reason he got can but was like frosting on a cake he did a spot for one
of our sponsors and yes he does crazy you off the wall spots that's fine but
it would and he complained about the copy which I agree with him I do that all
the time too but he did a spot that was so unacceptable that if I were to
client-paying like a couple hundred bucks for the spot I'd be outraged he
never even gave the phone number yeah just pick up your dress and give me the
money it's one thing to be funny but in other words when the sponsors are
flying away because they're not going to pay money for just stick and a
sandwich through with Phil Phil had good ratings a great talent but he had no
credibility every time he did something people thought I wish stick which is
why he had almost no spots because sponsors didn't believe that he had
an incredible ability to back up his endorsing their accounts their business so
there is a similarity there but it's not a good one because no matter what you
talk about no matter how entertaining you are if you can't bring in a bus bye bye
see ya it's 11 past noon at 560 WQM I hope you see it vicarner's in for
Lauderdale what a great place years ago there used to be everywhere you went
when yeah I don't want to sound like an old funny daddy although I certainly am
but in the old days used to have all these hometown restaurants that were so
good and everything was fresh and everything was made to order right on a grill
or front of your post as opposed to the prefabricated the crack that you get
nowadays well vicarner's was some of those great places in fact they were
Rochester going all the way back to 1934 and the goodness for us is now they're
in for Lauderdale they're on federal highway just south of Barrett
port about in the tunnel on the east side vicarner's is a real flashback in
town of those good old days so stop into vicarner's enjoy burger or hot dogs
or fresh fast and delicious vicarner's is being brought to you in town by
the same people who could feed you cheaper but cheaper using the same fresh
100% ground chuck meat as cheaper cheaper on a menu you'll find a big fat one
an incredible quarter pound hot dog you'll have a tough time giving your lips
around and of course they put that signature meat sauce on top of all the burgers
and dogs which is what sets them apart from everybody else that's why it's
so outstanding they've also got a great breakfast menu all kinds of goodies
under menu for example they got omelettes cooked to order french toast pancakes
on your favorite side dishes so stop by vicarner's whether you're from Rochester
whether you're from Albany's connect the from Uranus to matter where you're
from you'll love it you'll find them on federal highway just south of
Barrett port about in the tunnel on the east side and be sure in town that old
Rochester and underlying the old part ancient Neil sent you by the vicarner's
my life and look all this is for 205 60
you weigh 2 a.m.
update of what took place just now off the air because I think it's important
you hear this howard just called the radio station Howard David who I get
along with great I thought he called me an asshole saying I was trying to stir
it up my point back to Howard is don't listen listen to one on one point five
let me see what age group one on one point five for Howard maybe one oh two point
seven some easily listening love music so you could focus on your wife and your
family and the grandkids instead of listening and always calling the radio
station he's becoming Howard the caller like Howard from Boka Howard from Boka
it's like you know it's okay so anyway he's he's listening so just wanted to
get the message out and don't call my show too just for a record don't call
off the air because I don't want to talk to you and I don't want to hear you on
the private line congratulations you know the private line number that's great
but don't call because you're not coming on this show you got you've got your
three hours five to eight Monday through Friday you can talk all you want but
you're not coming on this show and we'll leave it at that all right I got
nothing against you you seem like a decent person and I know you've been
getting that taken a big hit on the radio station from everybody else but it's
over me and you done absolutely yeah 12 16 I heard that Kiston made up a couple
of days ago now just a rumor never gonna happen 12 17 and 5 60 WQM where we all
hate each other were leds you know now we don't hate each other everybody gets
along here except for one see that's why he didn't show up at the Christmas
party or whatever party that was the the ratings party and that was a good
line because for once in his life he's being honest more realizes that he has
no friends in this building and you know what more you are absolutely correct for
once you finally catch an on 5 6 7 on here's a lady we sure haven't had made
ladies this week up to that lady and four Myers hello okay I'm wanted to do a
little bit of a topic change not that I don't love your poll but I have you
heard anything or mentioning about how does he is coming in today to
Fort Myers for a little soft money you know a banquet no yeah I know does he's
planning a four-cock here at Southwest Fort International Airport for Myers
would be here on seven for two thousand dollars late dinner to five at home
have fun Georgie so I just want to mention that so many of the crazies are out they
can come and bother him because he's bothering me with traffic and BS and
shutting down the road okay thanks are overcome have a great day five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line who would
you like to see replace for Ralph Scott for Ralph from 8 to 10 on QAM now that
he's gone 98 votes in the 18 minutes he would be the the pace is slow down a
little bit what's that Miguel sit right now oh Miguel is there right now okay I
almost forgot about it thank you from now to the van is at marine max boats
seven hundred south federal highway and Pompeo Beach courtesy of the real
yellow pages from Bell South the first 15 people to donate to a band and
pay rescue and get some of our best in the merchandise we'll get a movie
passed good for two people to a special showing of timeline on November 25
you can also sign up to catch the sneak preview of the 2003 Marlon
world series championship ride and Miguel will tell you more about it in the
van maybe give you ride in the van to or right on whatever so we got 39
thousand five thirty we need only 470 bucks because I added Jeff Cohen's
hundred and there thank you Jeff even though times are tough for 70 we should be
able to do that right and if we don't you'll make up the difference 26 people
say I don't care I won't listen anyway okay well your honesty is refreshing out
98 Rick and suds 21 how do you like that Rick and suds are got 21 votes even
though we know they're not gonna be on damn it Jeff the force 19 Jim
managed 16 on I see I don't believe that I don't believe it do you believe it
no no Joe Rose 11 chose a gack he's got a peer
quick a Kim both cameras got a pair and you can imagine can you imagine I don't
think about it he's about eight feet tall the big always got one
oh it was probably him and Mohan Geltie 6 to 10 a.m. have got so far they've got
the big no votes no votes for Mohan Geltie 6 to 10 a.m. that is really
shocking out of the first hundred votes they don't have a one they got
nothing is that predictable or what absolutely God I'd be humiliated he just
he just refuses he doesn't care see in a way actually he's got to write out
it to he doesn't care he's just continuing to take the money and keep you
know refreshing his colostomy bag and that's it buy more checkered pants it says
let's see like oh no I'm so distressed from this fact that I just want to fall on
the floor I'm I this this thing yeah I'll go all the way down to the floor on the
mic boom I might have to lie on the floor and do the rest of the show it says
hey in the last night Joe and Mark were lobbying big time for the eight to 10 a.m.
slot so they probably should be on your list no he says I think the
managed idea is best as there's with the Humper to the sisters you suggest
then you can put on the big as a reward for his good service I have no
problem with that I mean if he has to be on which is sad to begin with but
that's okay it said that slot irrelevant most of the time anyway nobody would
life lessons then which makes it perfect for sports nerds and half the
nights it'll get cut short for panties marlin's canziyah deyadi right excellent
job there I'll mark regular facts but that first part there Joe and Mark were
lobbying for the eight to 10 a.m. slot that is unbelievable on a separate while
Joe Costello is a good friend but the answer is positively not ready for
prime time give me a break that is just mind blowing 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60
on a 18 t and for rise and wireless line here's a call from Davy hello hey
me how you doing pretty good all right that's great I got the perfect the
perfect reason you might say it's a fill in the actually take over the
button what do you call it what do you call it the second first team that with
Moe the second team right I got the what you call one from little
Atlanta mocked the jet span and I'll reach you from boys and I don't forget Paul
the Paul the Patriots fan has not become another usual like I forgot about
him and also David jet span or he went right hopefully far okay we'll think
about it they'll work cheap anyway get a New England Paul and I I told you
what an asshole he was so he quit the faxes because nobody are reading
him anymore so now he's become a chronic car it's just amazing these
chronic if we shuffle them away from this show or anybody else to show they'll
always find someplace to land on a show that doesn't discriminate doesn't
discern that'll put anybody on over and over say and again I blame I blame
the people in programming in this radio station for letting that go on I
mean they're so concerned about the language for Elvis used none here and all
the heat they were getting for and I can understand that but how come they're
not concerned about the chronic regulars who've taken over that early early
morning part and it just made it unlisteningable I'm sorry that it's just
it's just basic common knowledge when you talk radio of any kind sports
rating else when you're gonna have the same chronic regulars on it's the kiss
of death nobody and I mean even his family don't want to hear one from a
little Havana Tucker who's also very chronic faxer says I think you and will miss
for a while not because the show is so great but because it was something new
and it's at least was different I love the mad dog but in the two to four slot
why the something you mentioned the list you mentioned the must be desired
much like the old man in his pipsqueak between 5 and 8 a.m. for that reason I say
give the five to six a.m. hour back to Joe and Mark blow out Mo and Gellie
bring in John Ren Shaw six to 10 a.m. he's a sports nerd but anyone they
stick in there is going to be a sports nerd at the very least he's new and
different John Ren Shaw does anybody have any idea you ever heard him oh yeah
the wrench who else that I'd like to put in for a while where's he on it's
standable no seriously where is he what market is he on him I couldn't even tell
you anymore I'm telling you he's so useful Scott it's just you know his John the
wrench yeah wrench on yeah sure do yeah and what is his six same as for all sort
it with the same gravity voice yes and a lot of dirty talk like that I'm
just gonna tell me what you hear here here here here here all about it
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon was I
never heard of the beast has a blank sheet of paper what does it say he was on
whaffing well he was on the fan oh yeah let's bring back all the people from
the fan how about all the other losers they had unlike Jim Berry what do you say
huh Jim Berry no rhymes with Mary no and Gary Indiana which came to from Chicago
which is a fan all in team no what's did they have on there how about or
more testies distrata yeah let's put more testies on there what do you say more
testies more often the fan oh brother just like that got with his bowl what
was that the booms and Kylie and their goon same crap I say let's put a
non-sport show in here oh yeah I mean I know we won't hire Rick and suds because
they want some real money but if we're not gonna put the mad dog in here let's
put a non-sport show is leading to us oh that sounds beautiful would you like to
see replace for well from the 8th day among QA M Rick and suds got 43 they're
like pulling away from the pack which on the one hand is very nice but on the
other hand you know it's never gonna happen well that makes us feel like duty I
know don't care I won't listen anyway 31 Jeff the 4th 24 Jim manage 18 that
kind of surprises me Joe Rose 15 Kim Bocaper 3 Joe Zagaki 3 the big
three and guess what Moe finally voted Moe and Galdi 6 to 10 a.m. have got one one
vote you know it's got to be Moe it wouldn't be Galdi because they're gonna get
no more than that 26 past noon we got the mad dog coming up into I'm sure I've
something to say about this he's probably most are gonna be talking about
Brian Greasy and Jay Feeler and Jay and Brian and Jay you think and probably
a lot of intensive hockey talk later on this afternoon to move from the bench
to you got me dude are you tripping oh man I must be tripping because your face
is dripping these folks are wearing Dr. Schmoles psychedelic insults I'm
tripping so hard I might start flipping oh whoa when you talk it sounds like a
record skipping the gel and Dr. Schmoles psychedelic insults has a special
ingredient that's pure ecstasy are you tripping a tripping like Scottie
Pippin I am so tripping I feel like stripping I'm gonna start on
sipping you're cast on reality slipping and it's all thanks to Dr. Schmoles
psychedelic insults I got a buzz it's totally ripping okay it's a 1230 I got
to find a thing on here let's see CNN don't have it on their website yet you
think AP might have it anyway judge more has been remote from the bench
he's out crazy a bastard crazy a fundamentalist Bible thumping a lunatic
there's some good news and oh look at this facts over and over again on this
fact about 4,000 times it's written yeah over and over and over again it says I
love listening to Joe Rose Rip Mo I think that and the two-page surgery call
which Mo cowardly dumb should be on the loop from 5.8 probably get a bigger
number I never thought I could hate him more but after listening to his smuggled
ass this morning it pushed me over the edge I hope you choke on that nasty old
rug you homophobic ass sucking piece of Schmidt is what it says here meaning Mo
and also says 5,000 times here on the bottom of the fact I think they hate you
Mo is what I'm thinking 5 6 7 0 5 60 all good look at this Brian Kobe Bryant
made his first appearance before the judge will preside over his
sexual assault trial today deciding against entering a formal plea for now and
saying nothing during a brief hearing he's mum you know we're like that
and say a word you're pretty dumb Kobe like they got to call the other day
said all the money in the world a hot wife he can pay 50 grand a week for
hookers if he wants and instead you know here's one that says I've
opened the jets fan in richie from Borset oh yeah they'll get a lot of us
yeah they get a lot of votes to leave town on a bus well pack him a salami
sandwich sale Adrian says I think it was the beast that killed for
well that anxious nasty pig it says hey maybe you can try a barrel beast and
Neil can go to Canada and dump you an agro falls I hate the beast squealing
laugh like the problem with a branding iron get him out of here also it says I'll
be the first to say that George is a pretty cool guy well how do you like that
somebody looking up on George George will be here tomorrow so all you people
who hit him like poison just to get all your good material ready let's see
where would I find it huh you think MSNBC because they've they've gone right
off of that on CNN how about MSNBC let me give them a shot okay what the
I don't even know what it is on this how here it is it works sure to
provoke some reaction if not in Alabama across the country as well we're
following that for you right now over to Chris yeah right now over to Chris
okay Alabama judge Joe Roy Moore voted he's out they kicked his ass off the
bench he's sitting on a bench in Del Rey now and boy they're more Jews there
they're getting look at this beautiful stuff five six seven oh five sixty pound
five sixty on the AT&T line here's one that says I knew for Elwooden last
long how about comedy bits from eight to 10 a.m the answer to that is no okay how's
that thing coming Rick and sud 67 not gonna happen I should probably shouldn't
put it on her it's a move point don't care I won't listen anyway 39 Jeff
the four twenty nine mad dog twenty three Joe Rose seventeen
uh more and gully six to ten a.m. us moving on up now seven the big oh six
Joe Zagaki three and Kim Bable camper three out of the first hundred and
ninety four votes on this our second poll of the day what do we have like five
seven on the first one five forty something like that I thought it was almost
six hundred so we're like a boy they're pouring in here's Miami hello
Daniel how you doing pretty good you have the answer right under your nose
yeah putting in George from eight to 10 yeah sure put him on put him on the
poll no also now you know level with your audience you would be very
very sad if more were fired no I would not you're the funny stuff that you
produced in the last year yeah here and a half had come because of
oh there's no question about that he's he's an endless source of great material
it would it would create a huge vacuum no
it's more or fired absolutely no that's not true somehow somehow I managed all
those other twenty six years before we ever came around we find somebody else
that's true but I mean it just although I will say this I don't really want to see
anybody fired I'm not one of those people who takes joy in getting a
people getting fired like mode does I don't take joy in that it just it just
wouldn't be the same hearing the hip will get raised but I'd rather have like a
real good show on six to ten in the morning as opposed to like having to make
fun of the guy because he's so bad see what I'm saying I hear you I have a
fine people right day pal you too oh man oh here we go here's a little
squiggly jury again sending his stuff not today he's Edgar don't read him a
little squiggly uh jury Edgar don't read him here's Miami hello
hey hey yes sir how about get George it's on show between eight and uh
no and that's what the guy just said before you and the answer is still the same
no George ain't getting his own show they're not putting George on okay and
addition to which George works on this show see I hate to break the news
to you George works on this show he'll be here tomorrow to work on this show
so once they're trying to spread him out too thin he's already got more than
enough problems on which you don't even realize yet including one being a big
mouth here's a point and beach hello hey Neil yes sir I am so glad about that
judge more get up here yeah how do we get some good news today oh right he's out one less
hypocrite to hear from that's just awesome right now now if we can only get rush limbaugh pat
rogerton and jerry followed it just run ball coming back on here on monday baby love that
I thought I thought I thought I thought let's practice I've got a plan for yeah rush rush I want to
let you know in case you listen I'm gonna hide oxy cotton eighties all over your property starting
under your front door mat so uh just look for those green meanies will be there for you leave
it leave a diagram in his mailbox hello we're to find him yeah one last invitation to our
cousin's across the pond I guess w is gonna be over there next week yeah although I understand
they're better for safety carriage ride they've been too bad if they could have you know every day
okay have a great day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty audit eight t and t
and Verizon wireless line here's four Lauderdale hello Dale yes sir hey how you doing today pretty good
good two quick points and I'll be quick I'm really good a bit of furrow in this town on the eight
to ten I thought that eight to ten that was my morning entertainment that's beautiful for us
I missed that anyway second thing I want to say is um there was a song that was done a month or
ago with the uh mo and for real the happy together yeah it would be great to somehow hear that one
more time it's coming up cool I'll let have a great day pali dude Neil thank you see when I can
figure out what I had you guys have got all the stuff in this DCS not not good not good at all
in fact what is that under I'm telling the guy that it's coming up but what is that it is it this one
I'm not gonna play it no I think I think it's called crappy together isn't that the one yeah I think
it is is that under crappy no it is not see what I mean they're all over the place in here crappy
the SC it's just under crappy together not a good job because I think you're doing one system
and George is doing another one and everybody's all over the place I sure like my DCS in the Toronto
A because I'm the only one that's diddling with it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on a 18 t and T line Rick and suds pulling away from the pack but it's a mood point so I mean
I'll give you the number but it means nothing Jeff de Forest 30 can you believe that Jeff
de Forest is the only way that's a shocker bad dog 24 maybe they like the mad dog where he is two to
four you think evidently I don't know because they sure love him like crazy I mean they just love
him two to four they love him more here's pompato hello oh Neil yes sir please do not let them put
more lando before you oh that little never happened no thing I use on whenever I turn the radio on
that guy seems to be there I don't know if you look at the cotton in the studio there but he's on all
the time yeah and I tell you when Moe came on I used to listen to the morning show all the time with
Jeff de Forest and Joe Rose at a little bit of a personality a little bit Moe and Geldie on that
I just stopped watching it and I love for all leading into you but you know I don't know what it is
with Moe I don't know his pictures of Greg Reed or what he's the worst one to listen to I just
cannot turn it I like the guys before him I was up one that at five in the morning I
don't know what about you on market to ten that sounds like no elusive to me no chance I would take
them over Moe yeah well we're we're not talking about Moe yeah okay that's my that's my two cents
okay thanks paling okay well you have a great thing well a lot of people have some ideas on this
because we got a real crisis here we thought I thought everything was going along great of course
I wasn't here I was up in Toronto safely away from all the insanity going on here and then do I
pick the week to come down here yeah what see somebody else like oh let's go as Neil came down
they fired him right that had a whole lot to do with it I just I'm just lucky I just know how to
pick him say I don't know how to pick him just stay away up there until you can try to find where
your brain used to be before he came here and anyway this so this will overcome I was going to say
maybe you can talk some sense in him but nobody I'm going to talk no sense in the for real he's just
like that like that he's gonna kiss me like that so no matter where he goes he'll be doing that same
thing and of course if it's in this market he's going to be followed by the same shadows I'm afraid
anyway Rick and Susie got 77 I don't care I won't listen anyway no matter what you put on 8 to
10 during those hours 47 that's 21% D432 mad dog 25 little dog 19 Moe and Gildey 6 to 10 a whole
four hours nine the big O8 Kim before and Joseph Gackie is in last place second win with only three
for a little Joe 20 to 1 a Q a m. Hey imagine this imagine zero closing costs zero application fee zero
credit bureau fee zero discounted points it's the last mortgage you'll ever be needing the
revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group now with an interest rate of just 1.95%
that means you pay if you have a $200,000 loan only $738 bucks a month amazing and once you
refinance or get a new home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever pay closing costs again
so call them toll free and get all the information you'd be looking forward 1 800 940 land grab real
financing power with low rate mortgage you can move to your next property without further cost
of expense only one mortgage from financial group call 1 800 940 land for details it's a whole new
great way to buy zero underwriting fee zero doc fee zero prepayment penalty zero closing cost even
when you move to another property get financing it's just 1.95% call 1 800 940 land and never
ever pay closing costs again call them today and find out about it call 1 800 940 L E N D for
financial group the Reneku housing lender credit restrictions do apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR
by the way so I've been given it some stuff see how many think it is I know that we in you can
do much better go in six to ten and not in five a gentile in the cranky Jew I think we might
be happy to get there I think you really got out of your mind you gotta have your weary bed
stress on to tight no chance on to a show with you I'd rather die we'd be graphite together
why I'll help you know that I'm a big bucket Jew from Brooklyn high
I've been raised by everybody but you you're not high time me and all this that would blow
no way that if we had a fight that you'd survive who'd want to hear a genital and pushing time
that's crappy together
now
and show what you and me for me is much better six to ten not five it's only right that I should
get more sleep at night I think we might be happy to get there
happy to get there
the disease that is sports talk radio continues spreading like crazy all the good news is the
weasemagel is going to be at the triple a Mickey Harrison arena tonight eight o'clock that he say
I Luis Miguel play it baby the bad news is we got sixty bucks for the other Miguel so far out
there at the appearance today till two o'clock we had under our recording but we needed four
hundred and seventy bucks I would have had little scots life on it here that we'd have raised
that four seventy like falling off a log in the middle of the Coooolawasi river sixty bucks we got
so now we got thirty nine thousand five ninety which means we still need four hundred
and ten bucks more thirty nine five ninety four hundred and ten more to get to forty grand by
the end of the day and you notice how the checks are pouring in here today do we see Todd
Bob Eisenberg no skippy no no Greg Reed no anybody else any of my other colleagues on
here here with checks today for abandoned pet rescue and the poor little dogs and cats no
helping out helping the cause no nothing four hundred and ten bucks we got some people working
on here in this place make that in about ten minutes we got Scott this and then he'll make
that in about ten years you know Bob Eisenberg yeah I did have the uh goal to tell me to change
the copy for you but couldn't come in here to bring it himself because I guess he's not
loud in here because he's a cheap bastard he's a cheap prick and so he'll call you on the
intercom it is want to show his ugly face which is great with me because I don't want to see him
enough to make me puke with a tuce right here whatever that is oh god man really sad
four hundred and ten dollars as Neil continues begging again on behalf of really good charity
and we've got so many people in this building who not only don't care enough to send their very
best they won't send nothing Dave uh what's his name and are Dave Hagen and his wife
and Curtis some of the underlings as Joe was would say the hundred dogs in this place came through
with nice checks the beast came through I mentioned Doreen's got a nice check for us there right now
who's this from that's what I'm saying Doreen and Doreen contributed much overworked and underpaid
Doreen and thank you Doreen well listen she's got to put up with motos so leave her alone
how much is it oh we won't we're not going to say on the air say it on here
say it on the air why are you he's the man is looking right at me I can't put it on the total unless
you say oh I had said it I had said it fifty dollars from the old work and under that's
Doreen I thank you Doreen and by the way that changes nothing anyway 39,640 bucks what I'm not that easy
for fifty bucks I'm going to get off her ass so this big no way oh but thank you see that was
nicer her though see it goes to show you some time the people you this expect do we have a check
from screw and no screw and when I'm making this bitch more money than God okay this radio show
here's the sales manager we got her picture over here on a wall and believe you me it's tilted
off to the side and so is she too much time with bro and man oh man as she comes through with a
single solitary dime no come on honey now now what do we need we need 360 I feel like an oxygen
here now I can do the a for all thing he should have been an oxygener when he'd be great at that
he sure would he really is he says a wild guy but there's just there's something missing
there for all I like you but I just I don't know what does it take what do we need to say what words
did we need to present to you what the how did it need to be presented just calm down take your time
didn't happen very sad so like I started to say a long time ago before I interrupted myself many many
times over I thought we really had you know some stuff going here you know I had that great summer
book but they're always the outside educators you know always looking to stir the pot create a
whole bunch of crap over nothing because they have no life you know I have too much time on
our hand I always look in the great moralist to know pointing the finger sitting right in their
underwear with a lot of time on her hands 39640 bucks 360 away from the big magical $440
thousand mark for a band of paper rescue which I mean this isn't the end we obviously going to go
at least through the end of the year with it like we always do and in December with the Chanooka
and Christmas and all the mother holidays in there ought to be really big on a CD's and even on the
uh... key chains
and we still have some of the gym manage key chains within the cell nose like hotcakes
and where's the mo one I think I think they took the mo ones out of here
there's only about 40 thousand and unboxes back there but I'm not going to make the effort you
know what they say you know but all the mo how are david of key chains say things like
absolutely like that and we got the best of CDs and of course you can go online and find those
nifty cups and uh... mice meces five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty audio t and t
in Verizon line here's a call from corals springs hello hey nia what's happening how you doing sir
I'm doing all right just a couple of things wanted to welcome you but I'm going to miss
bro because you guys know a few people in no hockey you can sound so I hope it finds somebody that
has semblance of hockey uh... now we got galley there till you know galley's got to set up the
organizations but i'd say what i'm from st. Louis uh... can't wait to be grateful station we also
have keen and so the people here found out where we found out their long time ago about him
and uh... and lastly i watched your boys last night on the dish and uh... we can find some
of those between at rovers and gary rovers okay good luck to us baby go leave school they
said you out last night if that was bad wait till they play the kings and early tonight could be
more sense they think you know what i think they're mediocre at best the leaves
i want those people says all we're smelling Stanley top cuz we're that you know all that crap
that's only here with the dolphin fans who want to fire Dave wants that says they want to fire
everybody because they want to win again they you know they so what happened to marlin people with
the phone you're from an infoney marlin people and other one have their own parade and could
happen this year folks ain't gonna happen this year no way Jose
four-letter day hello
hey me how you doing pretty good i got a question for you but last
almost eighteen seventeen eighteen years i've been in sales i'm on the road all the time i
listen to talk radio and say something i've never ever ever gotten a diary why is that
they don't like you maybe what that maybe you're not ethnic enough
i'm pretty ethnic are you i'm i'm a fan of guys should i should be getting one
yeah but you're speaking with stupid maybe start picking it like this you know
pick a pan yeah uh one thing maybe start dressing up like cilia cruise might do it
i love when you play that bit that's funny is that she's the best um moe Howard uh i only turn
your station on a ten o'clock i tried with moe Howard and gildi and uh the bits are
great but the bits are better than their than their live show oh absolutely and then with
for now i tried periodically different times to put them on and i just my ears hurt
and plus i couldn't i couldn't listen to him with my kids in a car because he's you know you're
you can be on the edge there but he was just beyond where he is and he doesn't
say that he really thinks i do the same thing he was doing and he's wrong he did wrong he was too
filthy and i just could not listen to him with the kids and even when i didn't have the kids
i just could not turn turn them on so hopefully uh Greg will get something you know some kind of
brain part or something he'll put a good package together but good luck to us all thank you
we all are looking for a good package thanks a lot pally everybody likes a good package 98 votes
would you like to see replace god for ral from 8 to 10 on qa m rickid suds 98 out of 280 you get
another pretty good response here on this i don't care i won't listen anyway 55 oh just under 20
percent that way i'm here if we put god on there between 8 and 10 they still won't listen
to f the force 39 mad dog 31 that that's that's the interesting thing to me i guess maybe they'd
like d4 8 to 10 and the mad dog still two to four but anyway uh joe rose 22 the big
is got the 17 and that you have to be kidding me that that's got to be a joke isn't it
they're just doing that to piss me off 17 say the big O
moan gildey 6 to 10 am a god 10 josegaek he's got four and kimbo camper a good guy a super guy
like him a lot but you know i mean he's he's great the run of weekends but i mean 8 to 10
read it with a bowl the uh bowmeister i don't think so even bow mister out of 280 votes
so we only had 60 bucks let's get with it now let me tell you again i want to give it a
location and get out there and just handle a whole bunch of money say hey mcgale here's a bunch
of money what are you going to do for me he might do it from now till two o'clock the qa m van is
at marine max boats 700 south federal highway and pompano beach courtesy of the real
ghetto pages from bell south the first 15 people which obviously we only had three the first 15
people donate receive a movie pass good for two to a special showing of timeline on November 25
now that's yeah what about us at do we know what you know what that is yeah michael kraighton novel
oh that like i said that's a pretty heavy duty crap and when you go and visit mcgale and give
a bunch of money for our best and you'll stuff and help abandon pair rescue you can also
sign up to catch the sneak preview of the two thousand team marlin's world series championship ride
mcgale will tell you more about it it says at the van or maybe in the van and just hop inside and see
what happens
we're supporting you five six you a m
cilia closing i am dead now but i don't remember when i was alive i will let you do it in
worry whether to add to one or two hours
she's a perfect man to you who likes to flash her pants in you when she don't have those on
you she's hanging like the straw me on my pink cultures rams and snap all right
and cultures rams and snatch imagine what you can catch
from and cold their snatch
gonna reappear scratches with a brush
you you you thank her although and ill marb I'll never get drudge and call
his rams and snatch and cultures rams and snatch
thanks my brother a swirling pool of crap and call the rams and snatch
you
using fun to voice your
making out her voice sir
walking with the dildo
firmly gambed inside of her butt and cultures rams and snatch
and cultures rams and snatch
the one to know what it could hatch
and cultures
hey little jury by the way typing writing a doing it with your elbow don't make any
difference i still don't read your crap it's a minute after one that was the one to two hours
should have done that thing three oh four on a pool who'd you like to see replace god for all
eight to ten aim on qaim rickens says 105 ain't gonna happen they want money
don't care i won't listen anyway 59 just the florist 42 the mad dog 33 little dog zero is 26
the big 19 moment gildey 60 ten aim 11 kibble kampere 5 josegaek he four
last time we did a pool about side it wasn't this but uh who'd you rather have on
than mow i guess uh defaulted very well also amazing maybe he's the sleeper he could be the
sleeper you know they got the what uh yeah look so anyway we need 235 more bucks i got an hour
to sit here and beg i want to get this accomplished today now did he call you back with a new
number now now oh come on mcgill let's go let's go out there on a street court and like
start taking clothes off and throwing it let's get that other three hundred and three five bucks
you do realize three forty would be like seventeen items seventeen times twenty is three forty
seventeen measly beasley items or some more checks that Katrina brought in a check thank you
Katrina she's a sweetheart one of the really nice people in the building we got a few
so uh inside the building and of course it's uh it continues that the underlings like
durin and Katrina and Curtis and Dave Hagen there and the beast they're coming through for us
where is Todd direct with the check three hundred and thirty five bucks you make that off of
this show in about a half an hour you schmuck you piece of crap where is Bob Eisner who's got that
posh howl account off this show which he's just just siphoning off the commissioner it doesn't have
to lift a finger and believe me he doesn't we're gonna see where's that skipping
that came in here and because he's servicing screw in he's got all these accounts he inherited
from all the other guys huh we're a skipping he come up with a dime no a penny no a check oh no
a rubble no a euro no nothing a Canadian dime no which is worth about seven and a half cent no
boy i'm not trying to shame anybody but in this and of course like i said i don't want to mention
any names i'm a little disappointed eddy k always comes through maybe he's sleeping or maybe he's
having a bad time at the track to loose like tracks the humpar humpar always comes through for me
maybe he's just like hold it back maybe hangs on a losing streak i don't know i never see him anymore
he's out at seminal today maybe hankin win enough out of the seminal indians to come up with
some cash for us tomorrow check thank you see in here let me take a look tomorrow schedule uh
hunker into building tomorrow so i'm positive that he'll seize the opportunity to come in
what do you what do you know why you laugh when i say that you're just like George you have no
confidence when i say these things i'm sure that hankoel berg will be walking through
waddling through that door and have a big fat one in his hand and maybe a check too
we're gonna be here to see and mad dog i don't know i don't think uh this isn't his bag i don't
i mean because between his construction company and the dolphin broadcast and the show that i
helped to create from here on a station mad dog screaming in 35 bucks piece of cake nothing right
335 he makes that in about two minutes in fact all he's got to do is go oh right 335 right there
so i'm just i'm just throwing out a bunch of names because i realized that we've got a lot of
money in this building there's some real serious money they're always talking about the
number one building station in the market and they are but in the meantime a lot of that money is
going to these people who work here and it's almost sad that the people who make the least money
are the ones who for the most part are donating the most that is really and i really i'm serious i
appreciate them because without them it would be really embarrassing the rest of the people they
just don't care guilty he ever come up and i am so tired here about this one's golf tournament
now it's golf tournament and what were they doing for us if they i have never ever ever in these places
turned out a donation if anybody came to me for a charity that they were working on and said hey
could you help us out never turn it down i remember coming back on i would do once from vacation
and Rick and says we're trying desperately to raise money for a fire truck for i i forget the story
and i i made a nice donation help them whatever they needed for the uh a couple grand whatever
was i wrote on a check and even know what that was for here you go you're a bench
eh that's what i'm trying to say i'm a bench i'm making some big bucks why not spread it around
a little bit anyway Rick and says have a hundred and twelve maybe they could come through with a check
i don't care i won't listen anyway between eight and ten year crappy station
sixty nineteen percent say that we got other fish to fry okay
Jeff the fourth forty two mad dog thirty four juros twenty nine the big oh nineteen he had a
vote at least ten times you know that he had a good guy but he was just so bad on the air or
land oh moan galdi six to ten i'm speaking of bad eleven say that with the whole four hours
they want that kimba five and poor josegaaki always sucking wind he's got four i bet you've
josegaaki was in the building he's a good guy he'd write out a check for fifty or a hundred bucks
guaranteed he's not in the building though so we need another three thirty five and i want to
find out Miguel better call you real so to say we got at least a hundred so we can keep bringing us
total down what you we haven't gotten a call you know they got the what uh yeah look
it'll happen here's the fact it says i found this at an old closed hammer it sent me this the other
day and i still can't make it out some kind of old q amp bumper sticker or something and it's so
black and dark on your facts i can't make the damn thing out all i can say he is a have a good time
with it and that too five six seven oh five sixty we got a real traumatic day here at qam in case
you tune in late if you've been sleeping in scot farrell got canned there's been an ongoing thing
of course one thing the audience doesn't realize because both of these articles are very very weak
the jica column and a very jackass column that this stuff it's not like it just happened like it
was like over one thing that for else said or uh this has been going on for a very very long time
to the point where the middle and upper level management people in this building have been
climbing on the ceilings trying somehow to like restrain and bring them out of control and save
the situation it's i mean they could have blown them out a long time ago if they wanted to but
they didn't really want to they tried to salvage what we thought was a good line up here in a good
combination but the problem was like that that was the problem i'm not expecting to say anything
you know it's on the microphone there i'm not expecting you to say word in fact i'm praying
that you don't uh let's take a call from uh fort lauderdale hello any ill yes sir
man i love your show i was just i asked your the liaison there that answers your phone lia is on
yeah the thing thing uh i just tuned in a little late and heard that for rel is getting it's got
candy not amazing yeah that's because um i mean you know he kind of wrote on your co-tails a little
bit to get where he was he was very talented but uh i wouldn't say wrote on my co-tails i mean he was
he's been you know big marketell across the country as an espn you being the giant that you are
the monster in the radio i know that a lot of people listen because of your compliments
listening to him yeah and i'm well i'll tell you one thing this is one guy means other people
they get candy blame it on me but this is one guy who's never going to be able to do that because
i sure as hell supported him a hundred percent and uh i still do wherever he goes but i mean it's
just uh he has to control himself that's right is he going to be in town or is he?
oh yeah he'll he'll show up yeah yeah if he can't find a station to be on your pop up toister
monday meal i love you man i have a great day probably we'll see you and if not i'll just
start talking like that yeah that's not gonna that's not gonna basket what the ever honest and
credible davagan just took his head and said to say that Hank the hammer called in and said he
is on his way in with a check for five hundred oh right my kai no it all right i told you he's the
best he never ever has let me down a hump he's he is great he's probably been busy you know plunging
his guts out like all these degenerate gamblers the humpar comes through so five hundred bucks puts
us over forty grand you see and people say wow you better cut that out you know you're begging
that's okay that's all right i know we got some people around here we're really caring i know
that Hank if he just got wind of it you know i'm sorry you better not come in here because if he
hits wind of this studio well i've had that bacon you know oh god wasn't that bad just before
seriously just before Jeff Cohen came in my good close personal friend from pizza loft i just
cut the worst cheese in here in the history of the human race even the french even the french
without awful breed would have been embarrassed i said please though because you don't want somebody
else coming in here like oh jeez did you hear that i just did it again i'm just a big fat tub of gas
these days but by the time Hank gets here it will hopefully dissipate and if not i'm sure he's used
to it it's a ten past one at five at five sixty wqm home of insanity baby one thing about this
place at least it's very rarely boring okay so maybe five days in the morning but other than that
it's pretty rarely boring we keep you on your toes we keep everything moving we keep jumbling all
the parts and there's Greg in a hallway and duff is running up and oh Greg what are we gonna do
what do we go Greg it's a fight Greg oh and there's currents sitting in there with his boy friends
with Robert and they're playing with each other Robert in the beast i mean i like clearance a lot
he's a good guy but but he's he's got to understand if he's going to be in a position of authority
he has to like i still say Robert Gryper should get canned if he was running the board yesterday
morning when that the final straw and the camels ass happened Robert's got to be canned because he
didn't dump it i heard it and everybody else heard it and in fact if that wouldn't happen maybe
for Robert still be here right now and if i had to choose between can and for real or Robert
Gryper would that be a tough choice no way i mean of course it's still would have been just a matter
of a time with the other one because he can't control himself but i mean Gryper i don't know what his
deal is here now i still think that he and clearance are doing something okay i'll draw your picture
it's kind of like they're doing something it's a well i'm a Gryper and clearance i'm telling you
i'm smelling you right now it's eleven past one at five sixty wqm hey if you're underpaid and
overworked and you really just don't have four years to go to college and you don't have the cash
to do it either but you really like to get some kind of a skill so you can get a real job and maybe
in your real life here's the answer for you you know what to do pick up that instrument and call
our good friends at fast train they can have you train and certified for a real honest a goodness
high paying computer network professional career or a high paying medical computer specialist
career in as little as four months that is absolutely correct you can be fully trained ready for
a real career in as little as four months so what are you waiting for fast trains god day evening
weekend classes the off your job placement assistance financially the people qualify as well
what's not to like fast trains got six convenient locations in the state including four right here
in south florida so there's bound to be one nearby you so if you're sick and tired of working for
peanuts if you're working for a real puss and boy i have a lot to say about that then check them
out of the web first at fast train dot com and then make that call and change your life in a real
positive way be sure to mention the Todd Breck to i did a call one eight six six fast train
this is sports when you're fighting you way yeah
and so for the finest and online casino gambling call one eight hundred a bit of
all bets remember him don't read it it it it it for the fence
it's just a wolf oh yeah yeah yeah i'm still spry now listen up to boy remember that bomb i
dropped on them two mouth feces toyed boogles over there yeah you sure show them sure to what
yeah but i ain't through with them yet see it just so happens i got another bomb that drop
like this no not that kind of bomb you're more on this one's a one pick it up before okay what is it
well as you know ginger rages does his show up in canardews hey yeah but what he built always
ginger flies as love at that feggar the corn of their every weekend yeah for hot gays and
all so another thing don't put your hair in the air then to be grabbing each other's deep eggs for
years now boy that's some part i ain't throw yet stop it i pay the great deal of money to a fellow
staff my mouth who loves it admires me to leave ginger spot open last weekend you see
what you're about to hear is that pipe smoking ginger rages at that train monkey
dancing together and the romantic it
got my job
things pegadonis
They sure are sweet on each other aren't they?
That's my son! I saw him somewhere!
Oh, doctor!
Oh, doctor!
He's all a coward!
Yeah!
I got to go down!
I know he's trying to get stuck!
He's not being able to get anywhere!
Oh, no!
He's going to go to the hospital!
Oh, National Security Advisor Paul Bremer just gave it update on Iraq.
He said, OI!
117 at 560 WDQM, that's what he said.
I think it sums out pretty well.
John and Forladerdale says,
I think the only thing worse than waking up and reading Tom Jicca
is the two minutes of Moe while listening to this morning
with every Yahoo piece of crap sympathizer
chiming in how great it was that Forlgot fired
all to the undertones of Moe
whacking and under the desk an excitement.
You know, I took my grandfather to the hospital
to have his gallbladder removed about five years ago
but the doctor told me it was no problem
because the gallbladder was a useless organ
and the human body didn't need it to function.
Apparently, the same can be said for Greg Reed's balls, says John.
Perhaps they can move...
I won't read the rest of this.
It's just too outrageous, John, but it's great!
Good entertainment!
He says, God bless Forl!
and may live on in South Florida forever!
Other facts from our chronic jury in Penedida Spring, says,
I too think Jim Maddige would do a good job any time in any slot.
Oh right!
Jim Maddige, I do think he'd be better with his present too
to for though, even though he isn't technically an evening drive.
A lot of people are listening as they're driving home from work.
Maddog is a beer drinker.
A lot of his listeners are beer drinkers.
He talks a lot about restaurants and bars and the area.
I think his listeners are more in two with him in the afternoon.
That may be why he isn't doing so well in your pool.
How is the Maddog going to do live remote from Shoolers to
and Hooters at 8 o'clock in the morning?
I'd love to see Rick and Suds on from 8 to 10, says,
Jerry, I know what ain't gonna happen.
And you know what Jerry you are?
Absolutely correct!
First of all, they don't have to go to sport show number two.
They're gonna want a lot of cash.
Rick and Suds 128, like I said, ain't gonna happen.
Don't care, Wallace, in any way, 68.
Jeff the fourth for 8 to 10, 49.
The Maddog, the angry puppy, the hostile hound, Jim Maddid's 36.
Joe Rose 34, Joe Sneakin' Up on the Maddog.
The big 19, which is pretty embarrassing.
I bet you've owed at least 15 times.
The big O.
Moe and Geldy, 6 to 10 AM, expanded 12, a dozen,
Dirty dozen, Kimbobo, Campar 8, and poor Joseph Gackie again,
the second-winged last place, with only 5 out of 359 votes.
Well, I tell you they're pretty heavy-doodle.
Here's the whole story on Judge Moore to make some of you folks out there just to squeeze it in the light.
Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore was ordered to remove from office today after a state ethics board ruled unanimously
that he violated judicial ethics rules by defying a federal judge's order to move a stone-tentic amendments monument from the state's judicial building.
And while those commandments says, don't mess around with a federal judge's.
I guess he didn't read that one.
At a hearing yesterday, Moore said his state oath of office required him to defy the order.
I would do everything I've done again, more told the Alabama Court of Judiciality,
just here I stand by what I've done.
That's what he said, just like that.
The nine-member court, which includes judges, lawyers and non-lawers, could have reprimanded Moore,
continued his suspension or cleared him.
Alabama Attorney General Bill Prior at following the ethics charges against Moore after the Chief Justice refused,
U.S. District Judge Myron Thompson's ordered to remove the monument.
Thompson ruled the monument was an unconstitutional promotion of religion by government in violation of the First Amendment.
Prosecutors rescued, arrested and rescued their case after just 25 minutes,
presenting the panel with documents and video tapes they say proved that Moore defied a lawful court order in violation of his oath of office.
And that goes on and on.
But the bottom line is he's ever moved from office.
He's out, OUT out, out, out.
Bye-bye-bye.
And-
I beg your pardon?
Oath of office?
Oath of-
Isn't that taken over a Bible?
Oath of orifice.
And when people are sworn in, isn't that taken over a Bible?
And that's unfortunate.
Yeah, but the Bible, the pages blank.
Right.
Moore's case has become a magnet.
Maybe it's the Korean.
You don't know. You better check it out.
This is interesting, though.
Republicans drop support.
That's pretty interesting.
It's boring, though.
Like I said, it's not pretty interesting.
I was debating whether to read the rest of that.
But it's boring.
We don't want to bore you, because that's bad news.
If you're boring, you're out.
You're off.
You know what I'm saying, Mo?
Mo?
Absolutely.
Okay, just may want to make sure you're paying attention.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 6, 8, we got 100 bucks out there.
Miguel's appearance.
But the Humper is going to put us over the top.
So with the Humper's check and what we got there, which is 100,
40,000, 205, 40205 for a band of pepper skit.
We'll get there.
We'll get to a million bucks.
You know, I see some of these people, some of these celebrities
that go out to these celebrity golf tournaments
and some of these other charitable things.
And in a couple of hours, they raise like 500 grand.
And I realize this is only one show on this horseball radio station.
But boy, we really have to work hard to raise just 50 to 100 grand every year.
I mean, we have to just bust our balls and embarrass people into it.
And of course, once the first few CDs get out there,
they start like, you know, making copies.
And because they like that price a lot better.
But we'll get there.
Here's a call from Cutler Ridge.
Hello.
Good afternoon, Mr. Neal.
Yes, sir.
This is a young lady.
Are you a yes man?
Yes, ma'am.
Mr. Neal.
I listen to, as a matter of fact, I talk to you the day that for real started.
And I'm just like this.
Maybe you should take the medium of, say, Joe, Joe, and Big Dog
and put them on them back on the morning show.
I agree with you.
For some of the works, don't fix it.
And instead of looking at for real at the corporate,
it's like the ESPN move at Rush Limbaugh.
Great re-bought this man.
And you know where he was.
Right.
I said that before.
He knew what he was going to get.
That's right.
So it's not like on for real.
You know, I look at the corporate as Greg Reed.
And in his studies, like you said,
but that's not the morning show.
When you go to the store and buy butter pecan ice cream,
and you take it home and take the first spoonful and say,
this tastes like crap because I don't like butter pecan.
What the hell'd you buy it for?
Big bag.
Right?
You know what to expect.
That's exactly correct.
That's what he is getting, what he does on cause.
At the same time, why did he mess up the morning show?
I mean, why don't bring back D-fold?
Isn't it interesting, though, to see here we are two years later,
and he's still suffering from having messed around with success,
from messing with everyone?
I've seen this happen.
So many stations, they never recover once they start
Diddling Around with that morning show.
It was a great setup.
It was a great combination.
The chemistry worked very well.
Things were going on a little bit too well for Greg.
You know, he just doesn't know how to handle success.
Well, let me ask you something else.
I've sitting here on my kitty cat that's whether or not this counts.
I'm sitting here on my kitty cat from a doctor pet.
But my son and I got it a year ago.
Yeah.
Is this count?
We pay $50 for it.
Oh, that counts.
That counts.
Okay, one more thing, Neil.
And let's go.
I have like 100 million questions for you.
But I really don't want to let that all over the lab for like 35 minutes.
Right.
But I want to ask you this.
The water rock.
Now George was calling in the escalation.
Is this going to be like his bed?
Because it doesn't look like it's complete to me.
The water?
Then it's going to complete the job.
And now it looks like he didn't complete the job.
Because he's man stood up these people again and stood them back in.
What's going on?
Every morning is 26.25.
This is more than when we were in actual combat.
Right.
What's happening, Neil?
What's happening is the disasters.
What's happening?
I mean, it's beyond it.
I mean, it's beyond it.
I'd be sentenced like the middle of November and we're only less than a year now away from the election.
I'd be planning right now to vote at least 15, 20 times next year.
But how does, I mean, even you get a Democrat.
How do you correct something like this?
It's like, it's no way.
How do you correct them like this is you get all the Americans out of there.
Let all the other goody too.
She's let the Brits do it on their own.
Let Tony Blair fight it out.
I guess she got a point.
Let him do it.
Let him send Princess Charlie over there.
He'll take care of him.
You know what this also is?
Every system all is one to world series.
It's all for zealot ones, the hurricane zealot ones, and for rail gets fired.
The person tomorrow is back.
And my keening got fired.
You can.
Oh boy.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
I'll see you at the border.
Vote early and often, honey.
Let's people are evil.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Pound five, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Here's beautiful West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
So glad to have you back where you belong.
Oh, sure.
That's what you think.
Just take a good look.
You won't see me long.
Hello, Dolly.
Yeah.
Listen, that guy, that guy, that guy, that guy, that fired there.
He got, he didn't really belong there.
What does that mean?
Well, I mean, with that rusty voice, you know, and all of that,
person and everything else.
Yeah.
I didn't like that.
You know, the other thing is, there's mad dogs to be there on your list.
He is on the list.
Yeah.
And one more thing.
You know that, when you, you, Mark Arnold saying, California.
California.
You got to say what California?
That's an Indian word, meaning gold.
Do you want some?
I see.
That's what Callie, for you means.
Gold.
Callie is gold and from the Indians.
And the answer is absolutely.
And I'm proud.
And I'm proud.
And I'm proud to be something for the war on this vice president of ours.
I'm going to fact you some on that so you can read it.
So I'm very interesting.
Besides the oil bullshit that they've been.
Okay, well, he was going along.
I just had this feeling.
I don't know what it was.
I had this feeling in the pit of my stomach.
He was going to burn out.
Okay, send it along, pal.
But watch out the bushman.
I can't believe it.
Mo was actually saying bushman.
Isn't that incredible?
Mo and Gildi.
His people are evil.
137 for Rick and Spud.
I sure want them on here.
They don't do a sports show.
Don't you people understand?
It's my fault for putting them on in the first place.
It's just a tease.
383.
383 votes.
And this is our second poll of the day.
Don't care.
I won't listen to matter what you put on 8 to 10.
72.
Jeff the 4 is 51.
Mad Dog 39.
Defoe is kicking some ass in there.
You notice that?
That's pretty amazing.
Joe Rose 38.
The big.
Oh.
20.
That's.
That's.
I call for an investigation.
Mo and Gildi.
All four hours.
6 to 10 a.m.
Only a dozen.
Same doesn't have been under for like a half an hour.
Kimba Bo camper 9 and Joseph Gackie.
He poor Joe's only got five.
Even though he crushed it.
He's got five.
26 past one at five.
60 WQM.
We got the mad dog coming along at two.
I guarantee he has a finger to say.
He knows what this place is all about.
He's been around a block a few times.
The Humper at four was racing rushing on in here with that check.
Thanks again, Hank.
500 bucks for abandonment, pay rescue.
A man who really cares.
Here's enough to set his very best.
Probably cashed a good bet last night.
Wish I would have hit Pompano Park.
I was at Track last night.
Some Bozo comes down.
Now, Fratbridge and I are sitting there with a farting contest.
And some Bozo comes down and like,
Oh, Neil, good to see you.
What do you know?
61, you don't look so bad.
And what do you bet?
To effect it is, you know.
This guy, I fell like a SME.
Are you writing a book or something you asshole get out of here?
An old like a goofball retarget guy.
Don't come near my table again.
You would have to have him kicked out.
The good news is,
though sitting to my left down in the just below our table in the track.
There was a young couple there.
I would say like maybe 22 or 23.
And I'm going to tell you whatever you like.
It was all in that table.
I shouldn't say that because I'll be back.
Woo!
Man.
She had...
Talk about a wreck.
And he was...
He was prettier than she was.
Blonde.
Hmm.
Anyway.
Well, I then left after the third or fourth race.
And I kind of like a gut distracted.
I thought, well, maybe I've won where they're going.
What they're going to be doing.
Hey, speaking of mattresses.
I'm actually that's where they were headed out to a great mattress.
And God only knows what they were doing on it.
I'm like, you sure imagine.
I can conjure a few things up in my mind.
Anyway, if you'd like to have a great dial amatress for doing that,
or maybe just get in a good night's sleep, here's the answer.
Dial amatress.
I guess for all I'm getting no mattress.
At dial amatress, there's no false promises, no bait and switch,
just great discount, unbeatable prices every day.
On a great brand name that you know, when trust worldwide.
And now, including, Stearns and Banana's Foster.
And when you dial a dial amatress at 1-800-Matress,
you still get that unbeatable delivery deal
that almost is unheard of in the world today.
You picked the day in time for delivery.
Within just a two-hour window, any day, seven days a week,
from 8 a.m. to 10 at night, like noon to 2,
2 to 4, 3 to 30 to 5, 30, whatever you like.
When it's convenient for you, when your ass is going to be home.
I've been sleeping on a dial amatress for years.
You ought to be doing the same for your back.
They give you honest sales, prices, fantastic service,
unbeatable everyday low prices, same day delivery.
And like I said, preset up and removal.
So it's easy to see why dial amatress is ranked the best
in the world in customer satisfaction.
So don't get sucked in by those so-called giants
in the mattress industry, the furniture stores,
get the unbeatable deal that give you every day at dial amatress.
Call them right now.
George B. Duant, Miguel, Boca-Brine, Fat Boy,
I've been doing it everybody with a brain in this joint.
Call 1-800-MACRUS, 1-800-MATTRES
or online, find them at macriss.com.
My Mind and Local, your sports radio 560,
you a.m.
Maybe you melt my jockey shorts.
That's Jessica's.
Jessica, I'm home.
My beginner.
Oh, hi, Homer.
We're having chicken.
Woo-hoo!
Or is it tuna?
No.
I don't get it.
I even can't sense chicken.
But it tastes like tuna.
No!
The Jessica Simpsons, it's TV's first animated reality show
with two dimensional Homer and one dimensional Jessica.
Oh, forget it.
Let's just order some buffalo wings.
Ew, Homer.
I don't eat buffalo.
Don't be silly, Jessica.
Everybody knows buffalo wings are made from chicken.
Oh, the chicken of the sea?
No, the Jessica Simpsons.
Because people this dumb could only be in cartoons.
Right?
Right, 132-Sold, Joe Castellan just came in as very wounded.
We're going to put him on right away.
Maybe you think you have to call Eric or not.
Or maybe you'll just send him a fast real quick.
Joe and Mark need to be on the list.
And Joe had a good point.
I mean, if we got the big O on there,
and we got, you know, putting Mo and Gelty together
all four hours, six to ten,
and we got like Joe's a gacky on there in Kimba,
we certainly got to put Joe and Mark on there,
just to make Joe happy and calm down a little bit.
He was hyperventilating.
So we got 40,265 as a right this moment
for a band of pet rescue.
Not too bad.
Not too great, but not too bad either.
153 for Rick and Spirits.
74, don't give a crap.
They will listen for eight to ten if we put a gun to their head.
Jeff to 461, Joe rose 43, Matt Doggy 41.
Look at that.
That's amazing.
They like Matt Dog 2 to 4.
The big O-20, Mo and Gelty 6 to 10, Am 12,
Kimba 10 and Joe's a gacky still out of 419 votes
still stuck with five.
Please put Joe and Mark on there, Eric,
and put down a goddamn sandwiches, would you?
Please, I'm begging you.
If you don't get on there in a couple of minutes,
I'll eat. I'll fax him.
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Joe?
Pretty good, sir.
The owner of my company, and my young two company,
is well, donate $2,500 for a band of pet rescue.
Oh, right.
Excellent. Outstanding.
Just need to know where we bring the check.
Okay, hang on a second.
I appreciate it.
Okay.
Line 2, take care of that fine gentleman there.
Our great close personal friends, Scott.
Facts is coming in and they say,
Taiwan arrest trainers at Jigalo School.
Police raided the Jigalo training center in northern Taiwan,
and arrested nine of the school's operators
for overcharging students' officials, say, today.
The operators allegedly inflated tuition bills
by adding inexpensive clothing and mobile phones.
Police officer Lou Tai-Soon said they were accused
of having links to organized crimes.
Oi!
What do you like that?
Not too exciting.
$5,670, $560, $560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
One thing that predominates during all of this polling today
is the unbelievable unpopularity of a certain individual
in this building.
Absolutely.
Not to mention no names.
Okay, I don't see a Joe and Mark on there,
but I'm sure the Eric is probably tapping it out right now.
He's tapping on it now.
I bet it'll pop up there in no time at all.
Here's Cutler Ridge. Hello.
Hello, the color Ridge.
Yes sir, speaking.
Hi Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
Great, hello, Delhi.
This is Neil and George.
Delhi, would you please send over a nice corn beef on rye?
A box of ritz.
Delhi and some slits.
Delhi, some chopped liver and a sliver of your apple pie.
Oh, legs.
Delhi, hard boiled eggs.
Delhi, with tomatoes and potatoes, you French fry.
So please don't be late, Delhi,
because we cannot wait.
Delhi, without our free food, we will die.
Oh right.
That was the best.
Thank you amigo.
Okay brother.
Have a nice day.
I want to have a good day.
I want to have a good day.
I want to have a good day.
Thank you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
Bye bye.
That was beautiful.
Mad Dog's in there.
Looks like he's got a check.
Mad Dog's got a big fat one in there.
What's he got?
What's he got?
Wait a minute.
Before you walk out that door,
when you start 8 to 10?
No, don't do that.
Don't say that.
Are you serious?
Finito?
Pasadena.
Is that the final word?
No.
No.
Pasadena is the big buzzer.
What he means.
The Mad Dog has...
Yes.
A check will be here tomorrow in the amount of...
Yes.
500 dollars.
All right.
See, there you go.
I'm burstin' of my good buddies.
You people out there think that I don't have the power no more.
Okay, we got power right down the hall.
I got them licked.
Can you embarrass them in to give them me a check?
No.
They don't care about you.
40,765.
They like little dougs and cats.
Not the...you...
Whatever creature you might be.
Whatever category you might be.
And we still haven't figured that out yet.
That story wasn't too interesting about that Taiwan with the jiggleos.
But the fact that you're sending it again is rather distressing whoever's sending it out there.
Stop sending it, you idiot.
5667.
0560.
So, Hank and the Mad Dog come through big time.
I told you.
All it takes is like a little prod.
Embrace him a little bit.
Because they got the big bucks.
So the interesting part about that performance from a man ditch in a doorway there was that...
He's giving me an opacity, not an 8 to 10.
I says, that's the final word?
No.
So if they sweeten the pot just enough.
If they sweeten it, they pick the seeds out of it for him.
He might just say, uh...
Alright.
Let's go for it.
I think that's the cat's meow.
Either there's only two options that I'm seeing.
With all the respect to Joe and Mark.
Did he put Joe and Mark on her yet?
He could cast that off my ass.
Yeah, nice going.
Thank you, Eric.
Eric's been on the ball this week.
He must be, uh, I don't know.
Maybe his wife's cooperating this week.
Joe and Mark don't have any yet.
But you're on there, Joe.
We're giving it our best for you.
If we're my, uh, brothers.
I think Mad Dog, uh, and a lot of you have a good point.
It's a good point.
That is that he is an afternoon guy.
And he and Hank have got a great chemistry there
between two and seven.
The ratings have been gigantic.
But I still say 8 to 10 would be good
in a Hank back to two to six.
Or, shy of that.
Joe Rose, little, uh, little dog back in there.
8 to 10.
Can you see?
Can you?
Can you even begin to imagine this and have even dawned on me
to show how slow I am?
Can you see that combo between five and eight?
You got more in guilty than eight to 10.
Following hour from Boka.
We'll be the little dog.
They probably have to have like a bodyguard at the doorway there
to protect Mo on the way out every morning.
Talk about a crossover for the crossdresser.
Man.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Here's a lady in beautiful.
Coconut Creek.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
How you being?
Good.
Welcome back to the lovely South Florida.
Oh, sure.
I have suggested I know it's not going to happen in a million years.
But, give it a try.
8 to 2 Neil Rogers.
Yeah, right.
Right.
That's the only good show I can think of.
I like one to do myself.
Well, my one was absolutely the worst.
That was a pit say just about killed me.
I'll tell you that.
So longer we can have you as a better.
That's all I have to say.
But I missed, I couldn't get in earlier when you were talking about the biggest mistake
at QAMs made the last couple of years.
The one main thing I could think of was putting George on the air.
But I couldn't get into do that.
But I do have for low-car people.
I found a new product that some people might be interested in.
This product was great.
We have it much angrier now.
B induct at this time is rising, No.
The setup is to gain the power and not get the power.
Cause the result
Baby still wounds right in the back of 151 miles
No, half cup, half cup and it's not bad.
Maybe you have a cup of ice cream, is, do you realize what that is?
No, seriously, that's not even a scoop.
That's not even enough to make a poop, much less a scoop.
Well, I know it's not.
I mean, it isn't a pathetic that they can't make all of these things carb-free.
Well, I'm surprised Ben and Jerry's really hasn't come up with something.
Because I really think if they did it, they could make it really...
Why did you say Ben and Jerry's?
Why did you do that?
Coffee, he's barcrunched.
Oh, don't say it.
Don't say it.
Coffee, coffee crunch.
I won't say coffee, he's barcrunched.
But I will say, I have a question for you and it might be a stupid question, but...
When you leave Florida and then you go to Toronto or wherever you go,
is there anything at all you miss about South Florida when you leave?
I miss some of my friends, I miss going to the track.
That's about it.
I sure almost been in this place and almost the humidity and I'm not really loud.
I miss some of my friends and I miss going to the track with a fat man and dirt,
but other than that, not nothing.
I was always wondering if that would make a good poll,
if you were forced to leave Florida tomorrow, if there was one thing you would...
Nobody has to force me, I'll tell you that.
Yeah, you used to be a slut.
You're the lucky one, so I'm sure.
I used to miss my dogs, but you know, I used to miss that and I felt really bad about that.
I'm sorry about that.
I did for a while too, but...
You know, I just wanted to say, I thought you were going to say you missed your Corvette's the most.
But...
I want to tell you something about that.
Someday morning, I got in my Corvette, we really went to public centers and there's not no traffic at 830 in the morning,
and I enjoyed my car...
Because I love my Corvette's, I enjoyed my car, and not that I went all that fast,
but there was nobody on the road and it just felt so beautiful and so cool in that car.
But the rest of the time when I'm driving on all these assholes out there,
it would make any difference what you're driving.
I have no car in Toronto and I don't miss driving at all.
None.
Oh, I know, when you're in a good city, I lived in Boston for a while.
You didn't need a car.
You don't need a car.
You just walked everywhere you went, and you know, you felt a lot better.
But I was just curious to that if there was anything most...
Not much.
I mean, I know you missed your friends and stuff like that.
And that's about it.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
Thanks a lot.
Take care, and the only thing I can't catch is Toronto.
See you.
141 at 560 WQM, speaking of the low-carb ice cream,
in fact, they got that low carb carbolite ice cream at Delights,
and they've got over a thousand other low-carb products in stock.
You know, that's the thing for diners on the Atkins or other low-carb diets.
It's so easy to get the steak and the cheese and the seafood,
but after that, what do you do?
It's easy to get that good meat.
But once you got the good meat, you've got to have something else with some taste.
Everybody knows that, because all of us fat folks, we got a sweet tooth.
We want something with some taste in it like walnut brownies by Contrulcarb.
Southern light chocolate chip cookies,
carbolite candy coated chocolate covered peanuts, apple cinnamon granola by Carbsense,
crunchy pretzels by Carbsense.
Eat them slowly and I don't gag on them.
They got your Contrulcarb brownies and seven flavors.
Jeff's chocolate and vanilla egg creams.
The last brand, chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars with thank goodness no malt at all,
to stay off the pot all day.
They got your flaxomile granola,
to these low carb peanut brittle,
blitz stoked mint,
champion light drinks and lots, lots more.
They make a long story short.
If you're on a low carb diet of any kind,
this is a story you'll fall in love with,
because everything in the story is geared to you.
Number two, you can try anything in the story before you buy it.
And number three, all the Atkins brands products are on sale today,
tomorrow, all day, every day,
at the lights of Westbokah.
They're open every day, seven days a week, from 10 to 10,
and you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441.
Next to Boston Market,
like I always tell you, safely far from Moes House.
Call them toll free at 1-877 Low Carb, L-O-W-C-A-R-B,
or on the web you'll find them at lowcarb.com.
Delights of Westbokah truly be your official Atkins retail center.
My, and locals, this is 4205-60,
the way you are.
Don't go breaking apart.
Stop breaking my balls.
We drove the window.
Come on, stop breaking my balls.
You're a group that's a hunt in the road, huh?
I let one speak out.
I see a blue cloud.
I limped it my lane.
It's not like a day.
You're a group that's a hunter.
Try to hold in your fog.
I'll try but that's not a hard.
Don't go breaking the fog.
Then don't buy those hot pots.
Don't go breaking up.
Don't go breaking up.
Don't go breaking up.
Don't go breaking up.
Don't go breaking up.
Okay, same as concerned, Operation Iron A Hammer.
We're dropping some more bombas over there.
We're continuing like very discreetly, very selectively.
And if there's any collateral damage and a few people die who weren't supposed to, too bad.
Operation Iron A Hammer is continuing.
Hey, hammer!
How you doing, hammer?
Here's a faction mallet who's just out of control says I have a suggestion.
Bring back Bill Zinfra to call the dolphin games of the mad dog.
You're rid of Howard David and give the 6 to 10 AM showed a goldie alone.
Oh no.
See, that's what goldie was actually saying because Norma Kent advised him.
Remember that in the Godfather?
I advised Michael.
Norma Kent advised Gully.
It said, oh, you ought to do the show alone and everybody else said, hey Norma, go back to your, uh, a factory.
Okay, get lost.
You're a crazy person.
And they were right.
Gully, it's a miracle.
Here's a guy that keeps, uh, he's one of those people just like Robert Creeper.
He keeps hanging on and hanging on and no matter what's going on around him, he's still hanging on.
And then you go to the macaroon of the hockey game and there's that push up there on the screen.
Man, man, man.
You know, that's real voice.
That piercing sound.
Man, tonight in the NHL, man.
Here's a call from Miami. Hello.
Uh, I think it's pretty sad, you know, uh, he was the only, you know,
the only sports show I would listen to me because he had humor, you know, he was funny.
He was entertaining.
You know, entertaining.
He was a panic.
You know, I had friends who come out of town and they were like, who's this guy?
You know, I don't have a ride.
Right.
You know, I mean, whatever, just don't put Howard in Gully because that's just, I mean,
Sure, I want to tell you something.
There's about as much chance of Moe doing eight to ten as the risk of you going in the backyard right now
and finding $80 million in small bills.
Well, I guess I'll have to listen Howard's sperm now and then, uh, I don't know.
I think it's sad.
And by the way, if you're $80 million, don't forget about me.
I won.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Later.
$5670560.
Is there any chance that Moe and Gully are going to be in fact, it's interesting because both in the very jackass and the, um,
Tom Jerkho columns, it's made pretty clear that it ain't could have happened.
In fact, where's that one thing?
Read ruled out.
Read ruled out.
Returning Howard, David and Steve Goldstein to the six to tenium slot.
And of course, he would love.
He would, he would rub his hind legs together if he could find a way to get Moe to hell out of here.
Greg, I mean, that's the truth.
I'm not saying that he told me that, but, uh, I just, I can feel it.
You know what I'm saying?
You know, they got the what?
Yeah, look.
He would love to see you for the last time Moe make no mistake about that.
In fact, I heard him in a hallway singing.
Did you hear a Greg this morning singing a hallway?
He was going.
No, no, no, no, no.
Yeah, he was singing it over and over again.
No, no, no, no, no.
I was picking seeds out of his butt.
It's a 10-till-two at QA.
And we got the Mad Dog standing by who donated to very generous 500 bucks to a band of pet rescue.
As did the Humper.
So there's a grand right there.
See, you saw the power of Neal in action today, Scott.
Amazing.
Is I squeezed and carried on like a child and begged and pleaded and prodded and poked?
And Joe Kustel and did the same thing.
And he was prodding and poking.
I said, don't stop.
It feels pretty good.
But you're on the list.
You don't have any votes yet, but you're on the list.
No, you've got a four.
You've been under only a few minutes.
You already got four.
In fact, you're going to pass Joe Zagaki like he's standing still, which isn't saying much.
But you're going to pass Joe.
He's a Gaki.
And I'll say it again.
Zagaki's a really good guy, but there's just something lacking there.
I think it's called personality.
Joe and Mark for Joe Zagaki five will go from the bottom up at Moe and Geldie.
You'll pass them pretty soon to six to ten all four hours, thirteen.
Kimbobo camp or thirteen.
What's that all about?
The big 21.
That's...
We need to get Congress convened real fast.
And at least the legislature here in Florida have an investigation of that.
Does anybody believe that there are 21 people who want the big between eight and ten?
I guarantee I'll leave.
I mean, I like your Orlando.
You're a good guy, but I'll just leave.
No, I won't come back.
In fact, what I will do if they do that.
I know that I'm going to quit because I need the cash, but I'll never come back to mind me.
What I'll do is I'll go take my passport.
I'll rent a car in Toronto.
Drive across the bridge there in Niagara Falls.
And I'll stay like a weekend.
And I'll have to step my passport and then go by.
That's all you really have to do.
You do understand that.
You can step to 180 days straight.
And then you just don't see me no more.
You know what I mean?
That's right.
Kimba 13 to big O21.
I mean, that's just...
It's insulting.
Mad Dog 47, Joe Rose 53, the forest 73 for a depot.
Now, doesn't that surprise you?
That little sniveling depot here with all of them Indian shenanigans going on.
He's kind of a popular guy.
Could have fooled a hell of a me.
Don't care.
I won't listen to matter what the hell you put on.
We got 80 saying that.
And Ricken saw the 161.
34.1%.
They're Jones and four.
Baby, they want it.
Is it going to happen?
No.
No change.
My life and look all.
This is sports radio 560.
You weigh 2A.
You cut me off.
Life's for sure.
Then you go real slow.
Yes.
The walking light.
You hit my door.
No one but about to go.
I can't handle my old rage.
But I stay out of my face.
Lift you the burden then I drive away.
How right?
You're holding this whole list.
You're someone who gets me pissed.
Your face is next to definition.
Lift you the burden then I drive away.
Cause it's you come out window.
Be that you so that you know.
I'm the one that didn't let you go.
Lift you the burden then I drive away.
Cut up Scott.
Don't start talking about ice cream.
Scott's going on ice cream.
You're right.
He was a bad influence.
Coffee, coffee, crunch, Ben and juries.
The fish will just kind of pass say at this point after discovering Nestle's turtle.
And then what was the other one?
The briars of score.
Oh.
Oh.
Wow.
Now why can't they make those?
I think there ought to be a law.
For us fat diabetic dying people.
They have to make those like you know the little tiny cups of ice cream like you get like in school when you were a kid.
A table spoon.
Well not about whatever it is.
But you know I'm talking about the little dixie cup kind of thing.
Why can't they make the good stuff in like small containers.
And they're really good stuff like the briars score.
Oh.
With a chumse of score bars in them.
Speaking of they only have only found it like a half gallons.
Speaking of the good stuff Miguel is leaving and he has $200.
And what do you have before 140 or is it a hundred?
140 I think.
So it's like 60 more.
So it's 825.
40,825.
Not a bad day of very productive day here.
Let's hear it for.
Thank you Miguel and thank you Neil for a great job and thank you Hank and thank you Mad Dog and everybody else.
That was good.
400 E-6 vote speaking of good.
That's a health and what would he have to call from Tampa?
What are they budding into this?
Here's Tampa.
Hello.
Hey Uncle Neil.
Yes sir.
Listen to you on the internet.
I'm right.
Watch out for those those pickers over there man in Loots and Temple Terrace.
Hey they're picking.
They're picking.
How about the lightning?
The lightning are good.
All of we kicked their ass the other night but lightning were off to a great start.
They got a good team.
Any chance of you getting on XM?
That light.
No.
I wish.
I should be.
In fact for Ellen I should be on her back to back just to let them all hang out.
No restrictions, no censorship.
Just talking crap.
You know.
When that be great.
I would listen to you but I had a vote for the morning show.
Okay.
How about Bob Rasser?
Oh.
Love you Neil.
No.
No.
No.
See you Pali.
Hey Lassiter.
No.
Yeah I wonder what ever happened to him.
Probably back in the corner hole.
I mean cornfield in Iowa.
Big old depressing Bob.
Blah blah.
Lassiter.
Anyway here's the final total so far.
Chris this will be up till tomorrow morning.
Who would you like to see be placed for L from 8 to 10 to morning?
Scott Farrell got canned.
Yesterday afternoon here at the QAM.
He'll show up somewhere else.
He's already got another gig and Scott won't tell us where but he knows.
489 votes.
See in the deal as he didn't have a contract so he had no non-compete.
So he'll pop up some places.
I just hope he will listen like you know.
Because he won't.
I know he won't.
489.
Ricken says 166.
They love you Ricken.
SUDds and they be having to send you money if they had some but they don't.
34% want Ricken.
SUDds 8 to 10.
Don't care.
I won't listen no matter what.
17% 84.
Jeff the Forest really is shocker here.
They love you DeFo.
They're obsessed.
75.
15%.
Joe Rose 55.
Mad Dog 50.
50 for the Mad Dog.
And then after that.
The Big O.
The Big O.
22.
I'm still you could knock me over with a feather.
See in that.
Kim Bo camper 13.
Moe and Geltie 6 to 10 the whole four hours 13.
Joe and Mark just passed Joe Zagaki like he was hanging it out on a railroad track.
Joe and Mark 6 and Joe Zagaki only 5 out of 489.
What a wicked web we weave.
When we practice to DC.
I have no idea why I sent it.
I just sounded good at the moment.
To make a long story short, the first part of the deal was that the audience hates Moe.
Even more than ever Moe, they can't stand you.
They find you disgusting, unacceptable and obnoxious and a back stabbing foamy too.
A guy comes on the ear and talks about what a great friend he is.
He's known for all these years.
And then he just turns around and revels in the fact that the guy just got blown out of here.
And lets all these other people pile on and call in and rip him an ass.
So it's not only Joe Rose.
It's not only the Humper.
It's not only me.
It's not only the Mad Dog who's lips are zipped because he has to work with the guy.
Everybody in this building Moe, we want to send you a message.
Remember Joey Zagaki?
We want to send you a message.
Ok Moe, we hate you like poison baby.
Bye bye bye!
You're not your show.
I'm five six.
You're in QA.
I'm in Fort Laudano.
Who was your friend before you came here?
Me.
You.
Who has been your biggest promoter since you've been here?
Me.
Right.
You've been here.
