It's like saying the Martin Grammatica stuff he beat he couldn't beat my wack off about the rapist the rapist is done they gotta take down them billboards now
I'm not talking about the money rapist. I'm talking about the place kicker rapist. What the hell was his name? Oh, I don't know
Ray Finkel
No years ago the the rapist the one I was most raping a little girl. I don't remember that
I don't know you better get when it's got your mind's turned into crap
Most johns are scumbags. That's the bottom line you said it
Well, we're making it at least you make it to work like I'm like how are he shows up like what Tuesday? Yeah, Jesus
I mean when you think they'd put him up like a fancy schmancy hotel after the ball game and then no him in that on Monday morning
No, I mean we're number one in man and I did two live reads today
Let me tell you one thing. Okay. You've got 10.2 points in there
I know you can't figure it out put in the last in the last month. Yeah, you got 10.2
Which means he's got a two and you got an 8.2
That's what I'm figuring. Okay. You're always right. I don't know jack about how you do that math
Yeah, well just keep it that way. Well, Skippy spends two hours on a toilet spots
That's because of our cracks sales department. That's what they sell them crack. They spend the entire morning on the toilet every day
I go in in around 845 and Curtis is in there dropping a bomb in the bathroom
Oh, and I hear that Doreen is he's becoming a dominator. She wants to tap Miguel and have her way with him
Miguel cocaine is the objects. What's the story?
Neil, what do you think of the Marlins now? What a week to go?
I think that if there's one empty seat in these last six games in his home stand that the town should just roll up
The carpet and close up. Yeah, and then there's no excuse man. There is no excuse
Do you think that they'll go and lose to the giants in the playoffs? Yes, do you think that the
Marlins oh, oh, how do you think it's really two or three maybe? Yeah, I think you're gonna sweep them be really yeah
So you think that will a speech no what the top game is tonight with Don Troll cuz he hasn't won a game
And what about how many days he'd be since he won a game?
I'm gonna get down in San Juan. I guess I can't say he hasn't won a game in a coons a ziz. That's bad
So you make something out of that nobody go try to close his sales deal cuz they can't close any
Good luck to you. I good luck to you. You'll need it. Get skippies head out of square and dance by the way while you're at it back there
To see where I'm sore
Got this real annoying thing on my butt
Brack them it feels like one of those
In flammatory woes
My back side's pretty raw no doubt about it
Sometimes the tears roll down my cheeks
Because my rear is killing me
It's always staring up that's why I'm standing up
Because I got him I'm right I can't stand all right
I wish they were straight
I wish I'd stay
And grab I wish an age won't help them go down
I went to the store because it was so sore I
Crawled across the floor to kill my ass down
Sometimes I see his rolls down my cheeks
Because my rear is killing me
It's always staring up that's why I'm standing up
Because I got him I'm right I can't stand down
Oh there's Dr. Rice Dr. Rice
Let's be nice. Let's call Condoleezah Dr. Rice
He was just on there
All the veins in her neck like her standing up on end
Con like me with the way Miguel's veins stands up on him when he sees Doreen
Yeah, I'm just I'm just double checking to make sure that you're there
I'll know because we have all these dropouts and glitches there in the beginning. What else going on lately? Who knows must be Scott must be
I
Mean Scott Jr. Yeah, anyway speaking of Miguel
He'll be 11-1 today at the computer technology showcase at the Broward County Convention Center best in the LCDs
Will be available and the Howard Mohaward David it absolutely changed and maybe some of the gym mad dog man
It's he changed. I'm sure and you can spin the prize wheel from Arlington
It's even though Doreen is a liar. He said she's a freaking liar and they don't really want the prize wheel at any of these places
But she makes she makes Miguel slip it all in his back because she's hoping to like you know bust his back and they won't be able to run
That must be the deal
Does that it and that's gotta be what what can be the other reason?
She likes to order him around
Oh, she might be doing something like that. She needs to come to work dressed up in leather with a whip
And just whip him into shape. She she'd love to do it
But she's a liar. That's what the George's Doreen is an effing liar
He said that several times this morning. I think he's probably got a good point probably learned it from Greg
Got some bad news and we got L president. He's gonna be speaking to the UN's an international
Yeah, that's about 10 30
We're gonna curious him and I well put it on for last for a couple of minutes
I mean his whole ratings his pull ratings are so low now that almost everybody beats him
I think even dead people beat him in the polls. Well, we'd rather have yeah, that's right fact
Let's prop up Adelaide Stevenson. Well sure anybody even the people who didn't like
Who's some of them?
I'm a dead person quick
Great. You're a woman back in there. He wouldn't take any crap
So at any rate his pull numbers are at all time low
And now he's going with this tail between his legs and they say that he's not gonna be
He's not gonna be in the least bit apologetic
They still gonna be like lecturing them and I think that's gonna win the Europeans over real big
You know like oh well
It was a wonderful thing for the world of you were a Sodom and you people you got to learn at the UN
This is what they were saying last night. He was gonna become the UN is gonna become absolutely meaningless and the insignificant unless you people to do something now
Same crappy was lecturing last time when they said no if that's his stick then maybe you should carry it
Now I'm gonna put it on we'll put listen. That's what we're here for save save the world. Oh, yeah
For our pseudo intellectual audience
Now let's see up for the most important piece of news today
And I bet you Scott for all didn't even have this on a show Gordon jump died
Aren't you depressed?
Um mildly I like to Gordon jump who played a befuddled radio station manager on the sitcom WK
Our prein Cincinnati and made his marketing commercials as the lonely Maytag repairman died Monday. He was 71
Oh, you know who I'm thinking was the Maytag repairman must have been before him was Eddie Bracken wasn't it?
I know there was more than one. Yeah any Bracken. That's that's for us old parts
Wilka Brian probably remembers that any Bracken he used to be the Maytag repairman and then it was Gordon jump
71 he's a suffered from pulmonary fibrosis said is cousin Catherine jump Wagner
Never jump Wagner but lately the illness causes scarring of the eras acts of the lungs leading to heart or respiratory failure
Man outside of the Lord sure works in mysterious ways. He's created all these diseases
It's like all these hurdles that we have to jump over just to get from point A from birth to death
Is to jump all over all these horrible hurdles that the Lord's invented must be our fault. We must have done something wrong
Don't you think oh yeah, Carba and I will say this if we don't raise a thousand dollars
I don't know what the real numbers. It's got to be about 24 grand for band and pet rescue
And I've been banging away on this and banging away and we're not making a hell of a lot of progress
I'll tell you that right now. It's pretty pretty disappointing to me to see about a bunch of cheap bastards
We got out there in radio land speaking of that. Okay. It's just occurred to me
Normally don't we start getting just just checks from benefactors, you know 100 here 500 there
Whenever we do these things. No
No, and when did that happen inside the building we get that we get some of our people inside
Who always make up on the mail before or sure for all our right nice check to abandon pet rescue?
There are some wonderful benefactors that always come across with checks and always hey, I don't know
People like maybe Wayne Arnold will help us out right for a band of parents
You guys can be singling people out matching names. This is your fault. I well
I'm talking about random people they just sent me people Randy out of help
I after she saves the world. Maybe she can share a 50 or 100 bucks, huh to save a dog
No, seriously, I mean a band of parents you're such a good cause
I mean if you don't like animals and you're an asshole. Okay, we don't like you and we don't want any party
All right, we wish you'd just go away and die
So there's no reason in the world not to be able to say oh there's Christiana Amman poor
They do believe he'll get the required number of votes for a new resolution who said that the media is full of crap
That's why Christiana even though you suck the Pope's ass too hard
Speaking of that speaking of sucking what country do you think is the gayest country in the world friends?
And this article by the way is from Queensland newspapers. It's just a little
incidents and this is on this fudge is
website which is also probably another coincidence on the fudge report the world's gayest country is another guest not France
Italy
Wow, what do you think Scott Amsterdam?
I'm not a country you asshole
Try the Netherlands Amsterdam's in the Netherlands
Say Netherlands
Netherlands
Oh
We'll just keep doing the Spain
They could have talked a listen all right Portugal
United Arab Emirates
United States of America
Canada
Ecuador
Try Germany really how about Germany?
Mexico
Try England they got a lot of Queens England Ireland
Scotland
Mozambique
Nicaragua
Pakistan
Haven't got any yet China
India let me do the break when we come back. Hello, Mr. I sense you're so you're so far
I wonder where all the fags are I was speaking of far off Neil. Yes
Jesse White that played the Maytag repairman. Oh, it wasn't any bracket. He looked a lot like him very good
Jesse White that's I was don't you can't you see him right now?
Oh, yeah, look in there. There we go. No, seriously. You remember what he looked like and he bracken here, but the
He bracken is well. He's a was a hundred years old, but anyway, it was Jesse White
He was the original Maytag repairman and then this jump guy he
Don't the gig he jumped he jumped it off into the etherland
Maybe etherland is the answer to the question 10 30 the president's gonna be going with his hat in his hand if you and their oh please
Please help bail us off because I got everybody into a bucket of crap and it smells real bad and people are dying every day
And a country hates me like poison in the world is on to me in the heaven for a long time
Please all you insignificant meaningless people
We are always a rip in an ass please help bail us out and I think well, Kristian says he'll get the resolution
I
Quickly quickly to take secretary general and answer marks right now state and government
Excellencies ladies and gentlemen ladies and gentlemen. Okay. He's just that leaves me really limp
You know 12 minutes after 10 at 560 WDQM
Here's something it will leave you limp all you mortgage choppers out there
This message could save you a lot of cash maybe thousands of dollars interest rates for home loans are shooting up like crazy
Dramaticly, but there's still an interest rate available at just 1.95 percent
That's right only 1.95 percent when you do business with our friends at financial groups so column today
1809 40 land it's true the economy changing so if even thinking about refinancing your home
If you want to move up to a better real estate investment call financial group toll free at 1809 40
And here's the kind of payments you'll be making if you have that kind of a 1.95 percent rate if you have a hundred thousand
That'll loan you pay only 268 bucks a month if you have a 200,000 that'll loan your payments early 736 about so call
Financial group and give you the low 1.95 percent interest rate that most people have only been dreaming and fantasizing about
Call 1809 40 land that's L.E.N.D. the Reneku housing lender
Credit restrictions apply right something to change monthly 5.19 APR
Your sports radio 560 QAM
Hey
Special day here at Disney World when the screening days meet the rest of the girls in the closet no more that's what day day is for
It's a day day after all
Oh
Fun when we wear red shirts and when we all come you can hear the squirts
We can take goal and ease with our manicure go to ease is a gay day after all
All right holding hands in it and sure
Let him watch the lies of an alley marching band will make tourists treat with a kiss on the cheek. It's a gay day after all
Absolutely and wear tight shorts made of gold
And wear mask
We can
Since I shake it's a day day after all
And she will have the liberty ball hosted by a
Roo ball
Rocky rock not to mention beat like hot it's a day after all
It's a day day after all
Yeah
Yeah
All right
1018 and 560 WQM happy Monday to you so anyway we got to present a number of 12 minutes to 1030 speaking of the UN with his hand in his hand
Please please so I got anyway the world's guest
I figured it out and I know no matter what it says you're not going to convince me that I'm wrong this time
Yes, I thought about it long and hard. Yeah, the Vatican
No, well
Vatican isn't a country. It's a state, but it's not a country. All right. I thought I put it anyway
More than 17% of Australians are involved in the relationship down under thank you putting the country equal first in the
What is it in for in for the proportion of homosexuals according to a new worldwide survey?
The survey of sexual habits by international Condom Maker directs found that together with American's Australians had the highest proportions of same
relationships
At the other end of the scale vietnam recorded the lowest proportion of gay lesbian relationships at only three percent
The company said austrians enjoy a busy love life having sex on an average of 125 times a year
Scored sport scored scored scored scored
Hungarians came out on top figuredably speaking having a 652 times year. How do you like that? Maybe that's how they make that ghoulish
You think?
Oh, yeah.
They're pile-driven.
But Australians were still ahead of Americans at 118 times a year.
It doesn't say how many times Americans have sex a year in this article.
The survey also found phone, text, and cyber sex were gaining in popularity in Australia
with 43% indulging in virtual reality sex.
In other words, jerking a lot.
I mean, this whole thing about cyber sex and virtual is so silly.
Yeah, I got the same one.
Phone sex.
What?
Phone sex.
Remember that?
That's what it said.
Phone, text, and cyber sex.
You were paying close attention.
I did.
The company said faking orgasms was also common in Australia with 47% of respondents
that made it doing so at least once.
This was almost twice the global average of 26%.
And as that once this week or just once, altogether.
The survey found 41% of Australia made a women-head sex for the first time because they were in
love.
And most agreed that more for-play would improve their sex life.
The company said more than 150,000 people part of the online survey, which was now in
its seventh year.
More than 17% of Australians are involved and not just doing like occasionally doing
somebody, you know?
Are involved in gay or lesbian relationships?
Wow.
Are you ready for that?
No.
Yeah, I didn't think so.
Wow.
What do they call it going down under, huh?
Speaking of going down under, thank you very much to whoever sent this for this picture
of Brady Quinn.
Holy Toledo.
Now it's not a very good copy that you sent me.
I don't think this is all such a great picture either.
But I saw him live in the flesh on Saturday in the ass end of that Notre Dame Michigan
State game, which is Spartans 1, by the way, but almost have a feel bad about it.
That's how easy I am.
That's what a soft old touch I am.
It's said on yesterday's show, you mentioned that you'd seen part of Notre Dame against
Michigan State game.
The backup quarterback for Notre Dame is Brady Quinn.
And there he is right there with a big smile on his beautiful posts.
Even George would admit he's a pretty guy.
He's a pretty guy.
He is.
He's a true freshman from Double Little High was supposed to be a phony phrase.
I make believe freshman.
Don't you love?
That's my favorite sports term.
A true freshman.
What?
Yeah.
As opposed to a red shirted green or yellow belly liver.
He's a true freshman from Double Little High.
I'll probably be named the starter for the next game since the current starter.
Carlisle Holly has played poorly.
And the Irish don't like that.
And the poke gets all porced off about that when he lose.
Brady is 6'4", 210 pounds.
He'll have his 19th birthday next month.
Wow.
Here next month.
Here's a picture of Brady.
You might like it.
It says more Brady pictures available at INSCUDLIKASLONG website.
It would quarterback heaven.proborits.
It's a broader back heaven.
Woo.
I can't see that.
Put that over my special pile.
It's great to bring it.
It's great to bring it.
Amazingly now.
Maybe this is accurate.
I don't know.
I don't want to say anything negative because she was a real sweetheart and we loved her
dearly.
Thanks for calling.
But I think that some people got carried away and like goose up this pole somewhat.
Who is your all-time favorite dead person out on the previous poles that we took?
How many previous dead people poles did we take?
About third man.
Yeah.
The thanks for calling, lady.
Thanks for calling.
When's hands down?
Obviously there was some.
At the prom.
Vogue's votes on air would assume but.
They don't take any bulls**t from him.
232 votes for the.
Thanks for calling.
Lady who says.
Have the season pays off.
She was great.
Walt Disney 85.
So she wins.
I mean, we don't believe the result but we know we're pleased with it though.
We'll take it.
We'll take it.
232 for Walt Disney 85.
Small potatoes.
Mickey Mouse.
Ben Franklin 76.
Albert Einstein 73.
Dave Thomas 64.
Thomas Crapper 57.
I see.
Is that interesting that they're side by each?
Right.
Because if you eat enough Wendy's you'll surely head right for the crapper especially with
all that juice, all the fat.
What do the guys say yesterday they put in there?
Baby food like strain.
Baby food.
Yeah.
Something.
Baby beef duty.
They put in there.
And man, I just delete it.
And I'll send you straight to the old Thomas Crapper.
So Dave Thomas 64.
Thomas Crapper 57.
Thomas Edison.
Charles Darwin 54.
Edison 43.
See your shirt.
How can they do that?
I mean, still a few patents, but Jesus Christ.
And say they be baby.
Oh, that's Ernest Amesley.
What was it that he used to say?
Say goodbye.
Goodbye.
Remember that.
Oh, that old.
The news.
When he was 150 and see out on his wife would say, he had like that.
That word I love is the word of those.
That is a bad.
Say goodbye.
Goodbye.
Yeah, that was very sad.
Very sad.
Carl Sagan 42.
Mark 234.
Leonardo da Vinci 32.
Leo de Caprio luckily didn't make our list.
Oh, no, I'm luckily did make our list.
Because if he would have been on list, that means he would be dead.
That's bad.
You should be wishing things like that on Leo, do you?
Yeah.
Where'd I leave off?
Dr. Robert Atkins 29.
The old slip and fall guy.
We love you, Dr. Bob.
William Shakespeare 21.
Ernest Hemingway 19.
Nicola Tesla 16.
Henry Ford 7.
Johannes Gutenberg 6.
Siegman Freud 5.
Barbara Kappettman 4.
With her yellow teeth.
Louis Pasteur had only three.
Why do you think he did so poorly?
Nobody else would have had.
He was.
Robert Fulton and the old steamboat, the steam dike, whatever her name was.
He had two.
Charles, now see, this is embarrassing because Eric shows his ass to the world again and
believe me, it's fat and pimply and grotesque.
Probably my fault.
What we meant to say was Charles Lindbergh.
I mean, anybody who doesn't know Charles Lindbergh is got to be some kind of a moron.
I don't know whether it's you or Eric or the both of you, but Charles Lindbergh.
I mean, don't rush to judgment on that, but that's pretty goddamn embarrassing.
Charles Lindbergh.
Remember the Limbaugh baby?
That was a big one.
He sat on it.
So anyway, Charles Lindbergh.
Again, we apologize for Eric's ignorance there.
Gugielmo Marconi, which I don't even remember mentioning him.
And Alexander Fleming each had one out of 900 and some other votes.
So that's yesterday's poll and let's smit-can it.
We got two for today again.
The poll I like the best.
There was the one that chose Bushway down and Wesley Clark up.
Even though, you know, I'm withholding judgment.
I'm not going to be one of these quick bandwagon jepherds.
You know, I like the fact that Clark's already had 49 to 46 percent of the polls.
I like that.
Aren't you?
I'm great.
I'm just don't forget, though, he's an ABB.
What?
Anybody but both?
Anybody but both.
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
I'll vote for him 100 times if I have to.
You know, next year, if he gets it.
But the point of the fact of the matter is he's a little, you know, he reminds me a little bit of kind of like a military Arnold.
You know, like, well, what's your position on this?
So what's your position on that?
Well, I'm going to be, but I'm about to be.
You got the waffle there the first couple of days about whether he supported the war.
He didn't support the war.
He's thinking about it.
Maybe he said the wrong thing.
So he, you know, he's like all of his full of crap, but he's not Bush.
You're right.
But we will be hearing from Bush momentarily.
So let's do the break.
What that'd be exciting.
I want to see the sweat pouring off his forehead.
26 past 10, a QM.
Hey, speaking to your forehead, if your forehead goes all the way back to the nape of your neck,
that means you got a gigantic bald spot.
Here's what you do.
Don't go out and get him.
I'll see you looking.
Muscrat or weasel.
Absolutely.
That looks like crap.
People laugh their ass off.
I do.
Don't get holes drilled in your head.
You'll be bleeding all over the place.
Don't take those dangerous drugs.
They don't do a damn thing for it.
Except take your money.
Charles Safiore has got the best hair piece in a business.
The latest technology gives you the natural hair line system.
It looks like real thing, like real hair.
That's going out of your scalp.
As opposed to a barnyard animal.
Tell from the sky out of your head.
In business for over 25 years, Charlie's been making the wealthy and the sluppers in and between.
Look, they're best because no matter how much you pay,
you can't get a better looking head of hair.
And everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee.
If you don't love the way it looks and feels, Charlie gives you full refund.
Call today, take advantage of your $200 meal ranger discount just for mentioning my name too.
The Charles Safiore studios you'll look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again.
Call toll free 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413.
Log on to their prestigious website at Charlesafiore.com.
My My My My My My Lookalve.
This is 420-56-18-18.
Don't lie, all the heartburn.
Don't go, don't go, every time I see.
Don't go, don't go, that free card if you wish.
Don't go, don't go, my GD.
Please, President of the ****.
Repel the kid muscle in and in our cake and his idiot.
I don't know why they won't want this guy but not his dear.
First through the next four years.
With President of the ****.
Oh, what I get to go both on small.
And get to we all voted more.
Why?
If you want this.
Don't go, don't let the strumming stupidly.
Don't go, don't go, my GD.
And this drug in rich kid.
Don't go, don't be easy then.
No more than me.
Now he's President of the ****.
Yeah, don't care what it's all.
You got him in by heartburn for all of the Christians.
Right, no but best of you and I.
But how come he's here?
We've got a great leader here.
With President of the ****.
This is good news for President of the ****.
The President of Brazil is going to speak and then I'll present the Bushmaster.
W is going to be on his side.
It's like everything else.
It's like they told us it was going to be 10 and about 30 minutes.
30 minutes like wow, but I beat but it will be on all this other crap.
Can anybody do anything on time?
No.
Isn't it always a breath of fresh air like for example in Europe, the trains.
Most of the time, 90% of the time the trains run on time.
When you're sitting on that train and you see the little hand hit the big hand
and you feel, you know, you hear that whistle go to doors are closing
and you feel that thing rolling man.
And you see you think to yourself, man, what are what are my high?
Even if you know what that means.
What a what a wonderful thing like somebody can actually do something on time.
Everything is dragging a feet.
It's going to be about just like when you're going to know some kind of a press conference, you know.
And well, they keep showing you that they're setting up for it.
There's the microphones and there's some engineer coming out there.
Fix it is didlin stuff and twisting it around and Bob, Bob Vermuth is doing cartwheels, you know.
Somebody do something on time just once.
The whole world's on a Cuban time.
Right.
That's the problem.
Is that what they call a Cuban time?
It is. It's true.
Okay, the best.
Here's our first poll.
We better get to this before I'll president against it.
And I think we can get the next break in.
Well, this is maybe work out well, you know.
Because that would be embarrassing.
Is that the president of Brazil?
But I wouldn't be there.
And I don't know.
You block us all the time.
You know, there's one thing that we don't want to hear and you won't hear one word
of you better not here.
Is this whiny Aaron Brown.
So help me CNN.
Certainly not news.
They've reached new lows.
You know, they got Paul Azana.
There were some guys want to look at Paul.
And that's okay.
She's mediocre at best.
But whiny Aaron Brown.
I mean, Jesus, K Christ this guy.
Waaaaah.
Waaaaah.
He's the worst whiner in a history of television.
Okay, what a worst red hair piece.
I've ever in fact today's got.
He's got on the part of it is red.
What are they?
What are they call us?
Remember we said I have that argument about the shoes.
What they call those.
Oh, the young.
You know what I mean?
Not the Oxford's.
The.
No, whatever the hell they were like.
Saddle shoes.
Saddle shoes. Is that it?
Yes.
He's got the saddle wig on today.
Aaron Brown.
It's part red and part black and little green around the edges.
He's like a clown, like a freaking circus.
Only he whines all of them.
Yeah.
I wonder if nobody watches CNN.
Okay. You suck.
You people are an embarrassment.
You're really hitting it degrading and Christian.
I'm on poor head.
It right.
You suck ass, man.
All during that erecting.
You set the whole just like CNBC did the gambling channel with all those dot coms and forced all of us to lose our guy damn money.
And the same thing with CNN and MSNBC.
And of course Fox was without saying at least they got an excuse.
It's the Fox Nazi news network.
So at least they were living up to the reputation.
Fastards.
So we don't want to get Aaron Brown's voice on if we do just to chop it off or something.
The best fast food chain.
Now the reason I got into this.
We've done it before long ago.
But it's it's worth doing again because I got all carried away with that burger king yesterday.
Right.
And I noticed Burger King.
Oh, it's only now it's got one vote.
Because the new pulls up there.
28 people already voted.
I voted for Taco Bell, which it was tough between Taco Bell and Wendy's.
And they've each got eight votes tied.
The best fast food chain Taco Bell's got eight Wendy's eight McDonald's three shame on you.
Kentucky fried KFC's got two hardies has got to appear.
There aren't that many around though.
Hardies pretty good.
Not done here.
Yeah, I like them a lot.
Yeah, that's why it's not there.
Pizza Hut one Burger King one churches one.
Bojangles one sonic one Arby's don't have any.
And I don't want to make any comment because I get another hostile letter from that asshole.
A hostile call from that schmuck that works at Arby's.
The heats me like poison.
Hey, I'm just telling you like it is.
Okay, Arby's used to be great years ago.
And now it sucks.
It's lame.
And if you have any others you want to put on there, feel free if we left anybody out.
And then later on a pull.
Well, I'll save the other pull.
I like the other pull.
We never I would never done that before.
No, we haven't.
And you notice I said, well, I will tell you what it is.
Who's your favorite sportscaster?
All 10 sportscaster doesn't necessarily mean play by play.
It can be a color guy like the mad dog or can be like somebody does a sports talk show like the Humper like that or which you know it'd be a whole the whole thing.
And then we still had the category on there.
I hate sports for people that don't have a favorite because they don't want any part of it.
Although I think George might actually vote for Rick Weaver.
I'm going to look at you.
I'm looking for Hank.
Oh, that's right.
Like I said, Hank is on there.
He's voting for the Humper.
Wow, what's Hank going to do for you?
Get you some real meal that like.
I'm just kidding.
She's you're very sensitive just like for real.
Just like for real.
Yesterday acted like a little pussy.
I didn't want to bring it up again because I don't want him certain to revert back to that again.
He's he's he's great.
He's kicking ass man.
He's got about an eight year in here.
Mo's got his two.
His two points.
He's okay.
His he's got his two.
So that's why he's got the I'm sorry.
I was looking at it.
I haven't seen him in a while.
I forgot what he looked like.
Hank is maybe a friend and check our website.
Look at how Wendy's pulled in the lead.
Wendy's got 12 Taco Bells.
Got eight McDonald's got four.
You okay?
You people that vote for McDonald's.
You need a taste test.
Taste one test.
It's the fries strictly.
The fries are going to kill you.
What do you mean?
I know they're going to kill you.
And you don't care about fries but they're the best fries in the world.
I don't like fries.
I know.
If I never had another French fry in my life,
we'll be too soon.
Well, that's you, some of it.
Love fries and one of their fries best.
That's what you go to a fast food restaurant for a fries.
You ought to go to Amsterdam, man.
Right on the dam rack.
Get all those.
See you.
Pommes fritas.
Okay.
Whatever they call them.
With a mayonnaise and a brown sauce.
They put on them.
Oh, me.
Brown sauce.
You're going to have some brown sauce across the camera out of those canals.
On my way.
Real juicy.
Yeah.
Don't forget the girl.
Because I want him to get $1,000 today.
I'm going to be really distraught.
We've got to get the 25 grand.
Mark.
There will be a quarter of the way home.
From 11 to 1 today, Miguel will be at the computer technology showcase at the
Vowel trying to convention center.
The best in the LCDs will be available and the Mohawry David of keychains and some of the
mad dog madness.
He changed and so much of stuff.
And you can also thanks to the green making him take it.
There even we didn't want to spin the prize wheel from Marlon tickets.
Spin that wheel.
Speaking of taking it.
Yeah.
Up the.
Yeah, go pop on your website there.
What do you mean by that?
The homepage.
Okay.
The guy from Brazil.
Said a precedent and everybody else.
He also got a new Roger's.
He said he.
Second president push in his remarks.
According to AIDS, a call to action.
There it is.
There's you got to check out the Arranger's dot com immediately.
Okay.
Oh man.
Look at that.
That dog has got the one.
What's the name of his dog?
Do we have any idea?
I don't know.
Buddy.
And we don't care.
Oh, it's real but buddy.
It looks like me.
Yeah.
Now if you want to see what a but buddy looks like, there it is right there.
Wow.
That dog's eyes are just a poppin.
Remember that movie, Hell's a poppin?
The eyes are poppin.
Look at that.
Wow.
He, you know, he's got to get relieved that stress before he goes for this big speech.
Okay.
Let's do the break.
Because I think he may actually speak.
Speak buddy.
Speak.
Play.
21 till 10 at 11.
Whatever the hell it is, if Q.A.M.
Hey, when it comes time to have your carpets clean, you can open up the yellow pages, play Russian
Ruler with those expensive carpets.
Don't do it.
Don't do it.
Call my good friends and dry concepts.
They've been cleaning my house for a coupons age over 20 years.
They dry clean your carpets.
They're the only people in the world who do this and you'll see the difference.
Believe me, you'll smell the difference too.
And I'd dry concepts off as you a chance to say 15% of the next carpet cleaning just called
dry concepts toll free at 1-800-248-5071 asking to put out on their stand by list.
Then dry concepts will cut in the next time they've got an opening in the schedule.
It's like when you fly standby same idea, if you're available and they have an opening, they'll
be like 15% off the price.
So call them today.
They give you a written guaranteed price before they start.
Your carpets will smell, look and feel emity fresh.
They'll dry in a couple of hours.
It'll be like a miracle on your floor.
So call today.
They might even have it opening for you on the day you call like today.
Call 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071 or check them on the web at dryconcepts.com.
My life and lobo.
This is Sports Radio by City.
You can weigh in.
It was to be here at Outline, a new budget.
I throw a darset aboard to come up with a number of attached reliefs.
In my plan, no one will get relief.
For lower income families, you'll never get ahead.
And this president doesn't care and won't pay.
My attitude is government should stand in the way of families achieving their dreams.
Together we will do so.
I hope you'll join me in standing firmly.
Unrestrained.
Some say my-
It's too big.
Others say it's too small.
I respectfully disagree.
This-
Is just right.
Okay, we're waiting for our president, Dumb Schmidt.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
We're waiting for our president to come up with a new budget.
When the hell is this a Brazilian guy going to show this trap already?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
I guess I better do the break early, huh?
Didn't they send us food one day during?
Yeah, Quiznos is sensational.
You're right.
Yeah, that's pretty good.
Yeah, all right.
We have them here in Toronto, too.
All right, cool, cool.
All right, cool.
Okay, thanks.
You too, thanks.
Bye-bye.
I don't want to rush her, but I'm trying to rush her, you know what I mean?
Because I want to get the break in, because he may actually have to be pitiful, but we don't want to miss anything that I'll present to you.
I have to say, do we?
Oh, his poll numbers are graphing like I told you.
I like to rock the world of Zondom.
We're like in this crag mirror over there.
Is that 22 minutes they're talking about?
Is that including the allowances for the applause that he's going to get?
It's including the gaffa's announcing a 2003 neo-rodgers blowout sale going on right now at Halif-Patti XGMC.
Get the lowest prices in the universe from Tom Laman and Joe Prieto, my good friends over there.
Neal Deal number one.
Save up to seven grand with the highest rebates of the year plus deep, deep discounts.
Wait down to your toenails.
Neal Deal number two gets 0% financing for up to five years.
And you can lease a 2003 Pontiac Grand Prix GT2 at Halif right now for only 279 bucks a month for 36 months.
You get 12,000 miles a year. You pay only $2,000 out of pocket.
You heard right. You pay only 279 bucks a month.
Incredible. Halif's also got two penned deals on UConn's and analyses.
If your credit's been a problem in a past, it won't be at Halif because they'll work with it.
It gets you with the look cut.
And of course, Halif's also got an unbeatable selection of great pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs, the best in town.
It's the 2003 neo-rodgers blowout sale that's going on right this second at Halif-Patti XGMC.
134-1 South-Tixi Highway.
That's US-1 across in the falls open every day, seven days a week.
For more info, column toll free, 1-885-344-211.
1-885-344-211, don't forget.
All these neo-deals submitted to Credit Approval.
See our friends at Halif for details. That's Halif Pontiac GMC who'll be professional.
Grade.
5 and the local.
This is the 566.
The radio's all yours.
Q&A.
Well, that the Lord even loves neo-rodgers.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to domic people killed with the gas that we sold in.
The first time a crescernation and the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea and the nooks there toks in the right wing.
Is drilling it over and over into our head.
The horn had a rag pass on.
Weapons of mass destruction.
3000 people killed.
Are now forgotten.
Let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be caught.
Going after sent down to.
Plankato Sama.
There's no longer mention of.
Unnamed in lawdeth.
But no one seemed concerned of.
Humvee and complacent.
Believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through the A.M. manipulation.
And the right wing is drilling it over and over into our heads.
That I rag pass on.
Weapons of mass destruction.
The boom would be unlucky.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now.
Not the ass drop this saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Tables, pockets, all are saying.
Lino-pedian cattle don't have any reservations.
Foul and provoked, faddle and world and annihilation.
Old machines must fall.
And how to burn it and stoke.
With no objection at all.
And the crap don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over.
To operate wash and I rag pass on.
Weapons of mass destruction.
Only I rag pass on.
Weapons of mass destruction.
Pepp of these seven and five sixty quam.
Sir getting out as far ahead of ourselves as we possibly can, right?
Right, load it up.
To make way for this twenty two minute address.
And the president of Brazil finally shut his gap.
He said, boy, we can kick your ass and soccer, man.
That's what he said.
He said, you may have a little bomb a grande but we'll kick your ass when it comes to the big one.
Now, where is Dufus?
I mean, where's El Presidente?
Is that him?
Oh, that's the Brazilian guy.
A pantomondobac say nice job.
And they give him a little sack of money as he went out.
I wonder what he said.
And they just said him a little briefcase full of like unmarked hundreds.
So I'm assuming now as there's this pause and the action.
Sell right now.
So I think it'll be some time before you get significant troop levels there.
I don't dare.
Do I dare put on CNN because you know I got it.
I got it.
It's going to take many nations to keep the peace.
Oh, the students will this morning.
Oh, I apologize.
Did you hear that whiny voice?
Yeah.
Aaron Brown.
What was that?
Aaron Brown.
Unacceptable.
Unfit for human consumption.
Unacceptable.
Aaron freaking brown.
Another reason that CNN is absolutely a piece of turd.
Okay.
Ted Turner wants to apologize to the world.
Okay.
Now, who is this goofball?
Who's this guy that they keep showing on there?
Because you'll notice when the president of Brazil was speaking.
They did.
None of the networks, including nobody is putting the audio on there.
So evidently, whatever he said wasn't that important.
It had to do with soccer.
Oh, there's a goof is sitting there.
He's got a big smile on his puts.
The sweat is pouring down his forehead.
There's Colin Powell.
He's still holding up those maps.
He said, hey, you believe me?
No.
Oh, here.
Let me show you where all those weapons are right here.
I've got a mark on the map.
X marks the spot.
And they're all going, yeah, sure, Colin.
Tell us another one.
Maybe Colin can do a stand-up deal.
Yeah, again, he's whining.
I don't want to put, I'm sorry.
I can't do that to the audience.
He will say.
No, I'm not.
Linda Doyle says, hi, by the way.
Hi, Linda Doyle.
How are you, sweetheart?
What's she doing here?
She was doing some business.
Oh, doing business?
Oh, speaking of doing monkey business.
Here he comes.
Here he comes.
Oh, boy.
And this president.
Shut up, Paula.
The president's going to be speaking.
Chosam, respect.
Mr. Secretary General.
Mr. President.
Nice talk, up, Neil.
Nice thing, which Dalai gets ladies and gentlemen.
Chosam, respect.
24 months ago.
And yesterday in the memory of America, the center of New York City became a battlefield.
And a graveyard.
And the symbol of an unfinished war.
And what did Iraq have to do with that?
Since that day, terrorists have struck in Bali, Obasra, in Kasa Blanca, in Riyadh, in Jakarta, in Jerusalem.
Measuring the advance of their cause in the chaos and inesis suffering, they leave behind.
I rectified it all.
Last month, terrorists brought their war to the United Nations itself.
The UN headquarters in Baghdad stood for order and compassion.
And for that reason, the terrorists decided it must be destroyed.
Among the 22 people who were murdered, was Sergio Biera, a mellum.
What was that name?
Over the decades, this good and great man from Brazil gave help to the afflicted in Bangladesh, Cyprus, Mozambique, Lebanon, Cambodia.
Central Africa, Kosovo, and East Timor.
And was aiding the people of Iraq in their time of need.
America joins you, his colleagues, in honoring the memory of senior Biera the mellum,
and the memory of all who died with him in the service to the United Nations.
By the victims they choose, and by the means they use, the terrorists have clarified the struggle we are in.
Those who target relief workers for death have set themselves against all humanity.
Those who incite murder and celebrate suicide reveal their contempt for life itself.
They have no place in any religious faith.
They have no claim on the world's sympathy, and they should have no friend in this chamber.
Events during the past two years have set before us the clearest of device, between those who seek order, and those who spread chaos.
Between those who work for peaceful change, and those who adopt the methods of gangsters, between those who honor the rights of man,
and those who deliberately take the lives of men and women and children without mercy or shame.
Like our military.
Between these alternatives, there is no neutral ground.
All governments that support terror are complicit in a war against civilization.
No government should ignore the threat of terror, because to look the other way gives terrorists the chance to regroup and recruit.
Can you answer to me any question about Iraq?
What does this have to do with the price of Pino?
Maybe in all nations that fight terror.
He's getting to it.
As if the lives of their own people depend on it.
We'll earn the favorable judgment of history.
The former regimes of Afghanistan and Iraq knew these alternatives and made their choices.
The Taliban was a sponsor and servant of terrorism.
When confronted, that regime chose defiance, and that regime is no more.
Afghanistan's president who is here today now represents the free people who are building a decent and just society.
They're building a nation fully joined in the war against terror.
The regime of Saddam Hussein cultivated ties to terror while it built weapons of mass destruction.
It used those weapons in acts of mass murder and refused to account for them when confronted by the world.
The Security Council was right to be alarmed.
The Security Council was right to demand that Iraq destroy its illegal weapons and prove that it had done so.
The Security Council was right to vile serious consequences if Iraq refused to comply.
And because there were consequences, because a coalition of nations acted to defend the peace and the credibility of the United Nations, Iraq is free.
And today we are joined by representatives of a liberated country.
Saddam Hussein's monuments have been removed and not only his statues, the true monuments of his rule and his character, the torture chambers, and the rape rooms, and the prison cells for innocent children are closed.
And as we discovered the killing fields and mass graves of Iraq, the true scale of Saddam's cruelty is being revealed.
The Iraqi people are meeting hardships and challenges like every nation that has set out on the path of democracy.
Yet their future promises lives of dignity and freedom.
And that is a world away from the squalid, vicious tyranny they have known.
Across Iraq life is being improved by liberty.
Across the Middle East people are safer because an unstable aggressor has been removed from power.
Across the world nations are more secure because an ally of terror has fallen.
Our actions in Afghanistan and Iraq were supported by many governments and America is grateful to each one.
I also recognize that some of the sovereign nations of this assembly disagreed with our actions.
Yet there was and there remains unity among us on the fundamental principles and objectives of the United Nations.
We are dedicated to the defense of our collective security and to the advance of human rights.
These permanent commitments call us to great work in the world.
Work we must do together.
So let us move forward.
First we must stand with the people of Afghanistan and Iraq as they build free and stable countries.
The terrorists in our allies fear and fight this progress above all because free people embrace hope over resentment and choose peace over violence.
The United Nations has been a friend of the Afghan people, distributing food and medicine, helping refugees return home, advising on a new constitution and helping to prepare the way for nationwide elections.
NATO has taken over the UN mandated security force in Kabul.
American and coalition forces continue to track and defeat our kata terrorists and remnants of the Taliban.
Our efforts to rebuild that country go on.
I have recently proposed to spend an additional $1.2 billion for the Afghan reconstruction effort.
I urge other nations to continue contributing to this important cause.
The United Nations is carrying out vital and effective work every day.
By the end of 2004, more than 90 percent of Iraqi children under H5 will have been immunized against preventable diseases such as polio, tuberculosis and measles thanks to the hard work and high ideals of UNICEF.
I guess he's talking about the ones who are still alive.
Iraq's food distribution system is operational delivering nearly a half million tons of food per month thanks to the skill and expertise of the World Food Program.
Our international coalition in Iraq is meeting its responsibilities.
We're conducting precision raids against terrorists and holdouts of the former regime.
These killers are a war with the Iraqi people.
They have made Iraq the central front and the war on terror.
And they will be defeated.
Our coalition has made sure that Iraq's former dictator will never again use weapons of mass destruction.
We are interviewing Iraqi citizens and analyzing records of the old regime to reveal the full extent of its weapons programs and its long campaign of deception.
We're training Iraqi police and border guards in a new army so the Iraqi people can assume full responsibility for their own security.
And at the same time, our coalition is helping to improve the daily lives of the Iraqi people.
The old regime built palaces while letting schools decay.
So we are rebuilding more than a thousand schools.
The old regime starved hospitals of resources.
So we have helped to supply and reopen hospitals across Iraq.
The old regime built up armies and weapons while allowing the nation's infrastructure to crumble.
Look, Art.
So we are rehabilitating power plants, water and sanitation facilities, bridges and airports.
Similar.
I propose to Congress that the United States provide additional funding for our work in Iraq.
The greatest financial commitment of its kind since the Marshall Plan.
Having helped to liberate Iraq, we will honor our pledges to Iraq.
And by helping the Iraqi people build a stable and peaceful country, we will make our own countries more secure.
The primary goal of our coalition in Iraq is self-government for the people of Iraq, reached by orderly and democratic process.
This process must unfold according to the needs of Iraqis,
neither hurried nor delayed by the wishes of other parties.
And the United Nations can contribute greatly to the cause of Iraq's self-government.
America is working with friends and allies on a new security council resolution,
which will expand the UN's role in Iraq.
As in the aftermath of other conflicts, the United Nations should assist in developing a constitution
and training civil servants in conducting free and fair elections.
Iraq now has a governing council, the first truly representative institution in that country.
Iraq's new leaders are showing the openness and tolerance that democracy requires,
and also showing courage.
Yet every young democracy needs the help of friends.
Now the nation of Iraq needs and deserves our aid,
and all nations of good will should step forward and provide that support.
Success of a free Iraq will be watched and noted throughout the region.
Millions will see that freedom, equality and material progress are possible at the heart of the Middle East.
Leaders in the region will face the clear evidence that free institutions and open societies are the only path,
the long-term national success and dignity,
and a transformed Middle East would benefit the entire world by undermining the ideologies that export violence to other lands.
Iraq as a dictatorship had great power to destabilize the Middle East.
Iraq as a democracy will have great power to inspire the Middle East.
The advance of democratic institutions in Iraq is setting an example that others,
including the Palestinian people, would be wise to follow.
The Palestinian cause is betrayed by leaders who cling to power by feeding old hatreds
and destroying the good work of others.
The Palestinian people deserve their own state,
and they will gain that state by embracing new leaders committed to reform,
defining terror and to building peace.
All parties in the Middle East must meet their responsibilities and carry out the commitments they made in Aqaba.
Israel must work to create the conditions that will allow a peaceful Palestinian state to emerge,
and Arab nations must cut off funding and other support for terrorist organizations.
America will work with every nation in the region that acts boldly for the sake of peace.
Have we heard anything new here so hard, George?
No.
Second challenge we must confront together is the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
All our regimes that possess nuclear, chemical and biolocular weapons, and the means to deliver them,
we will be able to use nuclear as a way to create chaos in entire regions.
These weapons could be used by terrorists to bring sudden disaster and suffering on a scale we can scarcely imagine.
The deadly combination of our law regimes and terror networks and weapons of mass murder is a peril that cannot be ignored or wished away.
Such a danger is allowed to fully materialize all words, all protests will come too late.
Nations of the world must have the wisdom and the will to stop great threats before they arrive.
One crucial step is to secure the most dangerous materials at their source.
For more than a decade, the United States has worked with Russia and other states of the former Soviet Union to dismantle, destroy or secure weapons,
and dangerous materials left over from another era.
Last year in Canada, the G8 nations agreed to provide up to $20 billion, half of it from the United States,
to fight this proliferation risk over the next 10 years, since then six additional countries have joined the effort, more needing.
Now urge other nations to help us meet this danger.
We're also improving our capability to interdict lethal materials and transit through our proliferation security initiative, 11 nations,
preparing to search planes and ships, trains and trucks, carrying suspect cargo, and to seize weapons or missile shipments that raise proliferation concerns.
These nations have agreed on a set of interdiction principles consistent with legal, current legal authorities,
and we're working to expand the proliferation security initiative to other countries.
We're determined to keep the world's most destructive weapons away from all our shores, and out of the hands of our common enemies.
Because proliferators will use any route or channel that is open to them, we need the broadest possible cooperation to stop them.
Today I ask the UN Security Council to adopt a new anti-proliferation resolution.
This resolution should call on all members of UN to criminalize the proliferation.
Why am I hearing this?
I just changed my mind.
He isn't going to say a goddamn thing. All he had to do was go there and say, you know, seriously, two words, three words.
Because that's what this is really all about.
I don't even say, but that'll ever happen.
That's all.
That's what he had to say.
He can already could have done that.
Look, those who stay home.
Anyway, I apologize to the audience for hearing this, because I really thought that maybe this was going to be something monumental that he might actually say something significant, something like good.
But I thought so too.
Didn't happen.
Ain't going to happen the next four minutes because he's only got four minutes left.
1118, our spots are much more important than whatever the hell he's going to say because it's going to be the same old tired crap and they're going to go along with it and say, here, whatever you say, seek high on all other.
In fact, it wouldn't surprise me if he sticks that hand out like on our website there.
I sure hope that what's the name of the dog yet?
I hope buddy is going to be okay.
I'm honored to welcome so many people who devote their lives to the well-being of others, to the Rose Garden here in the White House.
There are around five million hardcore users of illegal drugs in America today.
We must do and we will do drugs.
We must increase the flow of drugs into America.
This will make working in close cooperation with Mexico a priority.
And we infatically disagree with those who favor respect for law, respect for others and respect for themselves.
We also recognize the benefits of alcohol abuse and alcoholism.
Thank you so much.
Okay, 1124, I think he said more poignant stuff there in like 30 seconds than the 18 minutes and he's going like, way beyond 22 minutes.
So it's a good thing I've bailed out of there.
We got to get in our spots.
That's what we're here for is to get the spots out and make some money not to sit away and listen to a bunch of re-hashed, re-tritual crap as this guy.
And you notice there's no admission of having done anything wrong.
Are we still hurting the right weapons?
Even though we got the warlords over there back in power in Afghanistan and the cars I sit in there looking like,
what does it think the others I know is like, who the hell are you?
Don't forget Miguel, the lovely Miguel right now is a computer technology showcase at the Broward County Convention Center with the best and the LCDs, the Mohawar David and Boogie.
He changed the Germanic keychants, spend the deal for some Marlon prize tickets.
We got the Mad Dog at 2 this afternoon in the Humper at 4, 6th, with the Patrick Surtain hour, 5 to 6.
So number two and a half, so hundreds of Humpers got a tough hour and a half show today.
Nice going ahead.
How many a half show?
Marlon's I deck at 630.
Phillies at the Marlins this begins the biggest three game series in the history of the team I would say other than the playoffs in the World Series.
705 and my right Scott biggest series in history except for 97.
Oh yes sir.
And then you got Eddie Kaffir de Ballgame to a mark overnight.
That better be a sellout there tonight too. I'm going to be pissed off.
Greg Hansen still wants to hire me at WSYT in Detroit.
The program director, Fax, has made the answer to this.
No.
No, I hate Detroit.
Detroit used to be really great to lay burn it down Greg.
He says emailed you a parody tune about the Schmitty Detroit Tigers as a rights holder of the Tigers.
We can't do it on WSYT.
Thought you might like it maybe not.
It's getting cold here.
Ready to come to work?
No. No.
No, actually it's beautiful here in Toronto.
Sonny is going to be like 67, 68 today, Builius.
So we got a Fax.
We should, you know, I really feel so bad about this.
What was he done?
Yeah.
WSYT.
He's done.
He's done.
Good timing.
That was excellent timing.
It was almost not quite but almost as good as...
As...
As track.
Is that day?
That was once an lifetime deal.
So add these up.
I'm sure you already have.
And I already have one more.
The fast food chains.
Yeah.
I'm not so sure we really ought to do the other pool today, you know what?
I don't think we've done it.
Huh?
What's the rush?
No, let's wait and save that for tomorrow.
We'll save the other one for tomorrow and make you like easier, Eric.
But we have to add checkers.
Right?
Right.
Long John Silver's Popeyes White Castle, Alson Hood Crystal on there with a cave in it.
We don't have it in South Florida.
It's all over Florida.
The other ones are already on there.
How big of a heart?
I'd like to ask to you then.
And I'd like to ask to Eric so they're already up.
But Crystal's not, though, huh?
No.
No.
Okay.
243 votes.
So while I'll present it, it was babbling the same old crap.
Uh, people are busy voting.
Best fast food chain.
Wendy's 95.
They got a hands down to your pants, baby.
Taco Bell 44.
McDonald's 21.
Ha ha ha!
Kentucky Fried 18.
Arby's 14.
Quiz Noes 11.
Quiz Noes Good Stuff.
Hardies 8.
Sonic 8.
Burger King 8.
Oh, oh, oh.
8.
Real crap.
Burger King is what the 8 stands for.
8.
Some rubber.
Do they have good fries?
No.
The running range?
No.
No.
No.
Anything else?
You know, they used to have a Vio Parm sandwich.
It was one of those limited editions.
I remember that.
That was good.
And it was good.
And then they have something to eat.
Yeah, it was too good.
Uh, bow jangles 8.
Hardies got six.
Pizza Hut's got six.
Or Hardies got eight.
Uh, churches three.
Long John solvers two.
None yet.
Why don't you just put the other ones up there?
Okay.
Let's see.
Do you one membership present at the speech doesn't have a heroine's collective asset?
They don't stand up and boo the line.
Well, they didn't.
They didn't put all six.
I heard some murmuring though.
I know.
There were a lot of bags of money being handed around.
I noticed that.
Like the 87 and a half million were in loans.
Were guaranteeing for the church.
Yeah.
I noticed the church were sitting there with a smile on their push.
They were pulling the old church's happy, I think.
The lap's happy.
In the sense that I think this gentleman, our president, is not going to go ahead in hand.
To the UN no matter what.
No matter what because he can't make no mistakes.
That's what Bill Crystal said.
Don't you dare.
28 past 11 at 560 W.
If you were trying to lose weight, you've tried all the others.
You've tried the low carb.
You've tried the low calorie.
You've tried the grapefruit diet.
You've tried like Richie Simmons.
You name it and you're still fat.
Balance for life could be the savior for your life because a lot of people are getting great results on it, including the beast.
I guarantee you we've saved his life.
Even though he's like up and down and all over the place and he's a real retard.
We've saved his life on balance for life.
We'd like to do the same for you.
It's easy to do because there's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no worries, no carb counting.
None of those things they do all of it for you.
All you have to do is fill out your little menu once a week and you have faxed to them.
And that's it.
You have two choices for each meal every day that you run a program.
And don't forget balance for life is the only outfit that lets you have those two choices.
And when they deliver your black sack to your door by 6 a.m. every morning,
in there's all the food you need for the whole day to keep you satisfied and full and happy.
Three delicious gourmet meals, two delicious snacks all made with the best, freshest ingredients, no preservatives, nothing frozen, no crap.
So that balance for life, how to get rid of that weight, will be seen results within a matter of days.
Column at 9.5.4, 5.6.8.32.29, 9.5.4, 5.6.8.32.29, or visit them on the worldwide wicked web at balanceforlife.com.
30 in the morning, you just taken a 15 minute nap, you won that game of dodgeball, you've cleaned all the erasers, recess is almost over.
And you've just done duty in your pants.
It's Miller time.
I'll eat you.
I'll eat you.
I'll eat you.
I'll eat you.
Okay, we're caught up now.
So I played a short bit there to get this caught up.
Plus he says it's 11.30, which is about 11.33, close enough.
So now we're all caught up.
I mentioned this only because of my dismay and disgust would see it and they just continue making me nauseous on their website.
I don't even know what I want to say.
It's almost even more embarrassing than putting it out presently on there, wasting 20 minutes of our precious airtime.
Oh, say it.
Ben and Jen back together.
Oh, yeah, I told you.
You were right.
Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez really spits for Lord, they playing the news media like a strativarius at ass as they continue putting their picture right in the whole deal.
According to reports in the Atlanta urinal constitution and the AP, the celebrity couple known as Benefer or to some wags,
AFPES was spotted Monday at the Liberty County Courthouse in the southeast Georgia town of Heinzville about 30 miles from the coastal city of Savannah.
Whether they were applying for marriage or gun license or simply completing some other paperwork was unknown despite rumors about the first two possibilities.
Does anybody care?
No, talk about overstaying your welcome over playing your hand.
Talk about just nauseated with Ben and the AFPES and oh, Jesus Christ, all we can say is.
Take a hike.
Man, down the old turn pike.
So how are we doing here?
Wendy's is a, that's no contest. Dave Thomas would be proud.
Yes, he would.
Well, I told you it was tough for me. I did vote for Taco Bell.
All the Wendy's is 275 would be fine with me.
Wendy's 103 Taco Bell 45, McDonald's 21, Kentucky Fried Chicken 19,
Fizz No 17, Army 15, Sonic 11, Bojangles 9, Burger King 8, Harding Group.
Oh, okay, Glender.
He's the hunt's seven.
Midtenfall of Jail.
So that's what it's so far.
I'm sure we've left him off.
Here's Coral Springs.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
And listen, I'm missing a place kicker looking for.
I believe his name is Efron Herrera.
Was that the one?
Yeah, that's the one.
I mean, the hero in that place kicker, you're looking for that.
His name for sure.
I believe so.
I believe so for sure, maybe.
And listen, they're getting to your pole for your greasy burger.
What about steak and shake? They're delicious.
Yeah, we had, we put it on there, but I don't think it's an I'm a poet yet, George or not?
Yeah.
All of me.
Everybody forgets they put their toppings on the very bottom and all their dressings on top
so they shit don't slide out there.
And we all hate it when that happens.
That was great.
Yeah, they're supposed to be on it with them out on there yet.
Well, Eric will get around to it.
Well, Eric gets really nervous when we do the food pulls because he gets eagles all shaky and everything.
Or shaky is would be good, but they're eating bitters or more.
How about?
Well, it's not fast food. I was going to say Godfathers.
It's not fast food, right?
No.
And not in existence anymore, really.
But even by that, that doesn't the guy who knows people at the rural fest gas station.
Yeah, yeah.
With all due respect.
Here's a call it says from St. Pete, but it's on line nine.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes sir.
Speaking of a list of drugs, he looked in the very beginning of President W's speech.
It sounds like he's a little bit out of breath.
Maybe he was putting some nose candy up his nose.
I think he was sweating up his storm if you actually.
And quite frankly, his speech did blow.
Yeah, and you're talking about the kicker.
I'm almost certain as Rafael Cepti and because I don't think and I don't think it was Efron.
Yeah, I think in the late 80s or early 90s, he got in some serious trouble with messing with kids.
Little girl.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I'm out of material.
Neil has to go pee.
Bye bye.
Okay, I have a good pee.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound.
Everywhere likes a good pee.
Pound 5 60 on the 18 and teen for Rise of Wireless Line.
Crystal.
See now it's starting to stimulate my appetite.
This is not good.
Not good.
Good thing I got my sub from.
How is Taco Bells all over the place here?
In fact, there's just about all these.
There's also a quiz nose.
But what the hell would I get a quiz nose?
Because they're thinking basically as subs, you know.
Right.
Hot subs.
Mm hmm.
You eat the guts out of my ear.
And it's a little bit high.
I noticed nobody here mentioned the subway today.
Do we dare put that on there?
Yeah, let's put it on there just to make a jurid happy.
Okay, that fat slimy little jurid.
And that is named?
Yeah.
That's bad.
Put that on there.
Even though of course subway blows.
Plus my friend don't only subways them or so.
I don't have to say that now.
Yes and I.
Well, no, I mean, I always said that.
Even when he owed you subway,
he said that for the up once what I said that.
Well, because he needed the money.
I understand.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
I like it when you do the numbers, but I didn't have fill any of these numbers.
And you was mentioning that the trends of something are going to be coming out soon.
And also their website where we can go to look what he's writing on a radio.
I think what we have here is a failure to communicate.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 8.
Don't you?
I think that's what we had right there.
A failure to communicate.
My daughter collected friend.
Oh.
Let's go to a Helen Dale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Damn good, pal.
Really good.
I got a suggestion for you, Paul.
OK.
How about the steak and shake?
Didn't we just say that it was just going on there?
You probably heard me say that.
Oh, I didn't hear you say that.
Well, it should be on there.
You're right, because Eric is that we send it along, but Eric's got a bug up his ass about them.
You know they have some bad beers.
They have good burgers.
They have good burgers.
Well, I got to be honest with you.
I once steak and shake was before it came to town when it was strictly a tamper or a land of kind of thing.
Uh-huh.
Well, my favorite in the world and their shakes are beyond reproach.
Their shakes are great.
Oh, yeah.
But the burgers, the burgers are the one there by me, you know, by the sawgrass.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
In the beginning, they were really great, and then they've gone downhill, and then like the meat is falling apart.
And it just, I don't know what the deal is, but it's not the same as wasn't the beginning.
It's nothing like a homemade burger, you know?
Yeah, that's true.
Nothing like taking some nice sirloin and making a nice sized burger out of it and putting on.
And grilling.
Nothing like that.
There is nothing like that.
You have a great thing, you know?
And you too, thank you.
There's nothing like a homemade burger, you know?
Nothing like that.
That's what he said.
I know what the lea was talking about.
Well, no, that's true, but of course most people are lazy.
But I want to go through all of that.
And of course you put it on the grill, and then you cause all those carcinogens to come into it
because you're grilling a high temperature, and you're probably causing a big tumor, right?
So you don't want to be doing that.
That's what they're tasty.
We're lazy.
We're lazy.
We want to be fat.
Plus, plus making your own stuff at home, you can't get nearly as fat as you can go to the fast food joints.
That's right.
Because also when you go to make it at home, you don't have to make it with a bun, you can
smit candy bread.
Just make a nice big burger with a big slab of cheese on it and some grilled onions and maybe
some astrums.
Oh man.
Now that we go to mix in your strained baby food beef, and you mix in a little bit of your
strain it.
Yeah.
You mix that in there too and swallow it all up.
Shuffle your meatballs.
When these 111 Taco Bell 52, Quiznos is moving to the third, they passed McDonald's.
Oh, I hate McDonald's.
McDonald's.
McDonald's.
I can ride chicken in the pizza hut.
Boy, that was phenomenally.
You know that?
Yeah.
I should go to the track right now.
I should head off for Mohawk.
What day is it?
Yeah, I should.
It races until 740, but I should get an early start.
You got to walk all the way.
20 till noon.
I feel like we caught up now.
Again, I apologize.
I probably shouldn't apologize because I thought I was doing a pubic service and it might be something
really important at Earthshaking.
I mean, after all, we did just conduct a war that we made up preemptive strike.
Against nothing.
Against no weapons of mass destruction.
Against no alkytatize.
Against no terrorist that were threat to us.
Against no chemical or biological weapons.
But nevertheless, we conducted a preemptive strike.
And in the meantime, Haliburton and Bechtel and George Schultz and all these other grave robbers
and Richard Poole and Paul Wolf was, they're all rubbing their hind legs together.
Having a great time.
Even buddy Holly and the crickets are not too pissed off about it.
Buddy Holly really was bad.
I'm so sorry.
Why, you're faulted that.
Well, no, but I'm just saying I feel bad saying that because he was like considered one of those, you know, in the early days of the day to be sucked.
He was bad.
Just like Bill Haley in the comments, he was bad.
One hit wonder.
Even though they had more than one hit.
No, but I'm just saying he'll forget about how many hits, but they weren't good.
Bill Haley in the comments.
I mean, Rocker on a clock was not a good, you know, was crap.
You didn't like it as spit curl?
Reminded me of Johnny Deppin.
What's that movie I keep asking the name?
Roy Baby.
That's the one.
And if you ever see it, you'll cry.
I will.
I love Johnny Depp though.
Hey, Johnny, never see Johnny Depp with a quarterback from Notre Dame together.
I don't know what they're doing.
19 till noon.
Hey, Johnny, from what I hear, he's gotten around.
Is there what I'm hearing?
You know what I mean?
Around what?
Anything that moves.
Around rock.
You know, it's been said that everything you do, the big things, the small things, even the everyday things, can change the world at least in some small way.
The idea that everything you do has the ability to affect somebody else is something that people have from Montedibur company truly believe in.
It's one of the many reasons they put so much attention and pride and love and airy little beer they make.
They want you to feel confident when you send a Vermont teddy bear, you're sending a gift that will bring some love and fun to somebody's day and be cherished for a lifetime.
Sending it for Montedibur is as easy as calling 1-800-829 beer or visiting formontedibur.com.
Send it for Montedibur to surprise somebody on their birthday.
Welcome a new baby or make somebody who's out of the weather to feel a whole lot better.
Whatever the reason for occasion for Montedibur is, there are a fun creative way to make a difference in somebody's day.
Call toll free 1-800-829-Bair or shop online and for Montedibur.com.
When you call, be sure and tell them that crusty old Neil told you to call 1-800-829-B-E-A-R.
My life is local. We are sports radio 560-Sewing-Sewing-Sewing-M.
It's days if I have a town at 560-WQ-A-S.
I'll have a nice day.
I'll have a nice day.
Pass, pass, pass.
With a Royal Neil, I can't stop thinking about disgusting things.
I'll think about pass, flip, vomit, but I know why.
When I have much, I try not to think of them.
I don't want to think about this.
It's far from it. I wish I could stop.
I also think about human waste.
I'm sure it leases.
It's disgusting. I can't get through a Neil.
It almost me day at night. I don't know what I'm going to do.
They always come to mind when I am in soup.
They always come to mind when I am in soup.
I'll think of it to be crazy.
I've always been crazy. I know that.
1147, I have a little M&Call Swiss cheese here to tie me over with all the smooth talks.
It'll drive me a little bit crazy. I'll have the ham and the freaking wall.
What? I'm having ham and Swiss.
Well, there you go.
Now we're hearing from a Gallaudet R and I.
I haven't.
Well, what does that mean?
I don't know.
Well, that's not going to be good because maybe you're calling in about 45 minutes.
Say, nobody showed up here. I'm leaving. You know how that goes.
I bet you'll call me in 45 seconds and maybe you're even are finished doing the deed.
And they're on the way down the old Hershey highway.
From now to one o'clock, the lovely Miguel's computer technology showcase with our best Neil stop for abandonment.
I can't rescue.
That's it. The Brock County Convention Center. Best Neil is there. The best of those key chains.
Absolutely.
And all right.
Mojave David and Amanda. We got a few of those left and you can spin the wheel for some Marlon tickets.
That alone should have a jug and a crow there, wouldn't you think?
Oh, yeah, at least. Because, well, it's got to be out of...
Now who they playing the last three games, Scott? Who's the last series against?
The Metz.
Oh, the horrendous Metz. Why? What a lucky break that is.
Oh, man.
17 of their last 19.
The putrid Metz who are just so bad they couldn't win a fixed game.
How psychic can I dub that?
You have that story today.
You have Metz's life story that you put in there that was very good.
So anyway, so it's got to be there for the Philadelphia series which starts at tonight or the Metz with last years when the Marlon's can basically wrap it all up for the wild card.
And everybody can jump on the bandwagon.
I mean, if you can't be a real fan, jump on the bandwagon.
I thought we'd say it's off Florida.
Here's four water deal.
Hello.
Any else?
Yes, sir.
How about water burger?
Right of Texas.
Water burger?
Yeah.
Are they water burger?
Water burger. That's the name of the...
It's like a fish, but it's called water burger. Same.
No, not water burger.
Water burger.
Water burger.
Water burger?
I don't know.
Water burger.
Get out of here. You're an idiot.
You're saying like water burger.
That's what he's saying.
He's an invasible.
I think he's talking about water burger.
Isn't water burger the one in Vegas?
No, that's Indian out burger.
Well, you're right. It is Indian out burger.
That's something about that.
That's what I hear.
But it's not a chain.
I mean, it's not a big chain.
I mean, we can put some of those west coast things on here.
Like, what's Carl's Jr.?
Right.
But that's crap.
I mean, plus nobody in our audience had...
It could be any, because it's the pool just says the best fast food chain
is doesn't have to be in South Florida.
But nevertheless, we're not going to put that crap on.
No.
Water burger.
And that's my favorite.
You don't have a burger.
You just drink it.
Here's Carl Gables. Hello.
Why are you so miserable?
Burger in a glass.
Here's for a water deal. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you doing?
Pretty good.
I got something for all your constipated listeners.
All they need to do is go eat a...
Whopper at Burger King.
Yeah.
And I mean, within five minutes,
you know what I call him a whopper, don't you?
You know what I'm doing?
You're producing a massive one.
I'm telling you, you'll have the cramps that look like you...
You'll have the cramps without the end.
Unbelievable.
Uh-huh.
Burger King is serving up...
You'll have so much irritable.
Bolly, you need an extra towel.
Oh my goodness.
I mean, I try and give them, you know, like a second and third chance
because they're like really close to my home.
You know, they're very convenient.
Is there's never anybody in the drive-through lane?
I wonder why.
I whip through and within five minutes of eating anything out of Burger King,
I'm racing.
Racing in here is faster.
I got a whopper, come with me, baby.
I got a better idea for it.
Next time you're in a mood for that, if you're a little bound up,
go to the pizza loss of who's a hell of a lot better
but you're still having the same end result.
Stay away from Burger King.
That special sauce...
I think it's prepared by the guys making the burger in the back.
Okay, I get the...
I get the drifts.
I've met all the spectacles.
You'll see a great match in the pizza.
I've met all the spectacles.
Exactly, that's what you'll be saying at Burger King.
Like he said, whoa.
Whoa, Nelly.
560, 7.0560, 560 on the 8th.
So Miguel didn't call him 45 seconds, did he?
No, he didn't.
You know what?
He called him inside and can't hear the radio.
So I'll have to call him.
Well, I guess he was doing some business when he probably called
and told us he's got like 500.
He's only got an hour and eight minutes to go.
You'd think.
And if he doesn't get $1,000 for a romantic rescue today,
he don't need the bother coming back.
Let me just put it that way.
I don't want to play hard to ask.
Don't bother coming back.
That's what Doreen said, too.
No, she didn't.
She's still hoping for it.
Pining.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. How's it going?
Okay.
The guy that called yesterday about the beef puree
and the McDonald's burger.
The baby beef puree and the no-and-when these, he said.
Yeah, Oleny said, I know that McDonald's, he says,
beef tallow in both their burgers and also in the fries.
That's what gives their fries that really good.
That's what got all the veggie curings out there, not a shame.
Yeah, right.
They've had longies, exactly.
But the worst thing about McDonald is that they prepare all
of the burgers in a regional commissary.
They have cooked them and then they ship them to the individual
restaurants and finish cooking them.
That's why they all the same.
They all come from the same joint.
Literally and figuratively, yeah.
Exactly.
Hey, now I have another tip for you also.
You're talking about Brady Quinn.
Now, I'm not gay, but I think I can't understand, we believe you.
Yeah, exactly, right?
But your own college Michigan State has two quarterbacks
and you can take a look at.
Not Jeff Smoker.
No, Drew Stanton.
The backup.
The backup?
You didn't wear a way to work back.
Yeah, take a look.
Oh, there's cheese going in.
Who's the other one?
Oh, he does disappear.
He vanished.
Why, he just choke on it.
Neil, that was the minister of disinformation today.
They don't have cooked McDonald's burgers and ship them out.
Those are the French fries.
And they don't use beef towel anymore.
They use vegetable shortening now.
Since they got sued that time by the vegetarian groups,
all those India people, although Shmata heads.
Yep.
Ron, here's something Scott finally knows something about,
although, you know, the fact that I'm believing you shows
how easy I am.
5, 6, 7, by the way, it comes.
Did they win last night?
Did they lose?
No, they didn't play.
And in Marlons, they were a game ahead of the Phillies.
That's the way it is right now.
There are 80, there are 16 games over.
86 and 70 with 60 go.
See?
Right off the top of my head.
Nothing complicated.
Not difficult.
But it's good that you're getting the sports stuff wrong.
That's excellent on this show.
We don't want to be sports news.
They're trying now.
Who is?
Yes, it was lost.
It comes with type 1.
It wasn't wrong.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon, while it's fine, I'm talking about their division.
Here's Kogana Creek.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Neil, it was Raphael Stepyan, by the way.
That time, I was pretty sure that's you.
He didn't know what I was saying.
I was in contact, he was heading back to the banjo on his ass.
And a water burger, what are you trying to say?
It's called water.
It's water.
That's what I kept saying.
And a water burger.
Yeah, that's a large stand.
I don't think they go outside to tell you the truth.
Well, we'll put it on there anyway.
Just take it.
We go downtown in Texas, as one.
No.
But, uh, Shorops.
What is it?
Shlopskies.
Shlopskies?
Shlopskies.
Shlopskies, yeah.
Shlopskies.
Shlopskies.
What's this obsession with Shlopskies?
No, Shlopskies.
The sound.
Shlopskies.
Never heard of it.
That's in Texas you're talking about.
No, no, no.
Shlopskies is everywhere.
In Florida, there's Shlopskies.
I'm pretty sure I've seen one since I've been here.
I think you've been doing some bad weed, man.
Have a great safe trip, man.
How a bad day.
And don't let the beesleys grab your banjo on the way past Naples.
Shlopskies, what do you say?
I don't know.
Hahaha.
Hahaha.
This is great.
Let's go out to lunch.
Where do you want to go?
How about Shlopskies?
Shlopskies.
I'm actually the nutfer from Shlummies.
I'm about to run the corner.
Just take a calendar and it'll be full of art when you get to US1.
Just keep going to East another seven or eight miles right there.
It's Shlummies.
118 votes for Wendy's.
I think they're like more than doubling the competition.
Dave Thomas is pleased as punch.
He only wishes he could be here to have another triple cheese with extra onions.
And actually, once in a while,
if I drive through in these places, you get what you order.
Not very often, but once in a while.
It's a big, strong ban.
If I could tell you the number of times.
I mean, there have been time.
And it's my fault because I'm one of those people.
I try to be too polite.
If there's somebody behind me in the drive-through,
and I feel like I'm, you know,
because I get pissed off at other people that are sitting there dealing around.
So I feel like I got to pull away, you know?
I got to pull out.
So just be...
Pull right around to the front and check your food there.
And so when I'm driving up the Hershey highway,
and I'm looking in the bag,
and I ordered maybe like a double cheese with onions only.
And inside is like a fish sandwich with like extra mayo and whatever.
And in order of fries.
The best food chain is Wendy's 118.
Taco Bell 54.
Quiznos is doing sensationally well, 27.
McDonald's only 21.
I'm proud as I'm pleased to see that.
Okay, they never did anything,
but it's up on my hands.
Right.
Arby's 21 Kentucky Fried 20, KFC, Sonic 16.
Burger King is got 12, and we would like to get...
We'd like to find who those 12 people are.
Or can get you some...
Maybe they worked there.
No, they didn't.
No, they didn't.
BKA, Burger King and Eaters Anonymous.
Let's work at the corporate office.
Hardies 11,
Bogue Jangels 9,
Pizza Hut 8,
Steak and Shake 8, White Castle 5, Subway 5,
Church's 4,
Checkers 4,
Long Ground Silver 3,
Poppies 3,
and one for Crystal Man.
Now, have you ever had that?
Because it's only like an arrest of the state.
No.
Just a little bit of Crystal?
No, just steak and shake and Tampa.
I'll be damned.
One thing about those little burgers
is if you get a whole bag full.
It'll make this s***!
My life and lobo!
This is 4.30560.
This is Mark Morgan.
It's the 12-1 hour on QAM.
Well, good morning.
This is former Vaz President
and former President Blanchill Canada Al Gore.
I'm here to quash the rumors.
I am alive.
I used to be the man who was in control.
I used to be the man who was on a roll.
Now, I just sit home
in my undies and socks,
looking for that key to my damn walk box.
Oh, Dick Cheney!
You think you're special?
Oh, Dick Cheney!
You think you're f***ing out?
So you're Mr. Popular V-Pay?
That don't impress me much.
You're at least as bad as I am.
And you're fallen.
Now, don't get me wrong!
One moment, please.
Just in, California election will be held October 7th.
You ready for that?
Nope.
Just Dick, I think you're all right.
But how many times does your heart beat at night?
You don't impress me much.
So good, I'm running, running, running.
So sad.
Scary.
Now, I'll get your boss.
Who's a real big man?
He should write like you know,
to Afghanistan.
There's only two types of planes from Texas, you know.
His dad's been card-riding.
He's a little chill.
Oh, George Bush!
You think you're special?
Oh, George Bush!
You think you're f***ing out?
So you're Mr. Popular President, who?
That don't impress me much.
If I want to be hurtful, I can be so your ears are bigger than rough.
Pro.
Now, don't get me wrong, George, I think you're all right.
But how many beers do your girls drink at night?
You don't impress me much.
Don't let the real President, a real man,
and what about me?
Look at me.
Find the killer of perfection.
Draw a month's of myth on count.
I'm a f*** she said.
Maybe I should hit the gym.
No, I'm beautiful.
Yeah, you're lovely.
Judge's rule that the California Recall election will go on October 7th.
Oh, that's her!
For Oto, man.
And California.
Aren't you excited?
Oh, thrilled, I'm vibrating man.
Not at least there's something going on.
The best fast food chain we're looking for today in the universe,
when these have got 121 votes and there's nobody touching them,
I'm going to win these after the show, I think.
Okay.
Or maybe Taco Bell, I think, is closer.
I don't know where there's a win he's around here.
What about when I eat a win he's anyway?
A burger without the bun, like he always did.
Yeah, you're right.
But then I have to sit there in front of everybody else.
See, it's one thing to do with a car when you'd like to go through the drive-through.
Yeah.
It's kind of hard to go through the drive-through with no cars,
so I guess I'm not going to be doing it.
I could take a cab.
All right.
I could take a cab and say, take me to the nearest one,
these can go through the drive-through and I can eat it.
Then the cab driver would see me like eating the meat without the bun.
So what's wrong with you?
What do you think?
What do you think?
When these 121 Taco Bell 56, Quiz No.30,
you see an Amsterdam, it doesn't bother me.
I sit right there at McDonald's and eat without the bun.
Because in Amsterdam no matter what you do, it doesn't make any difference.
It's kind of hard to be an oddball and Amsterdam.
They're all to catch my balls.
Here's Miami Lake, so.
Any other?
Yes, sir.
I usually mention them with all those offending machines and those little stores.
Automates?
Yeah, whatever those are called.
And you were talking about the wind-dissing how they all get everything wrong.
That is such a true statement.
Every single time I've gone there, they get it wrong.
Every single time.
Now I would like to add my entry as chicken kitchen.
Chicken kitchen, that's a chain?
That's the chop-chop place.
What the do is put a better rice,
then they'll chop up a chicken breast,
off the top of it, whatever you want on it,
but the place is really, really good.
But it is a chain, though, huh?
Chicken kitchen, it is a chain, there's several locations here in South,
that's the top of the corridor.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Pali.
Bye-bye.
Have a great day.
I guess we won't be seeing them at Wendy's anytime soon.
No.
Because they keep getting the order wrong, okay?
Keep getting the order wrong.
Yeah, they do.
Or do the single cheese with tomato and ketchup?
No fries.
Get halfway down the road, here's a chicken sandwich
with ketchup, onions, and mustard,
and the two orders of onion rings.
I'm trying to think if the inner rings are good at Wendy's.
I haven't had them in my soul.
I don't think they have onion rings at once.
They do.
They do?
What?
But they're not good.
They don't have...
I've never heard of such a thing.
They have baked potatoes.
They don't have onion rings at Wendy's.
Not that I've ever heard of.
Well, I guess they're probably better than the burger rings.
And their fries are really just not good.
No.
I'm trying to be a hot...
I'm trying to be a hot...
Yeah, I get back to pizza.
I say this with all the difference to my good friend Jeff Cohen,
Ponytail, who I told him.
I told him I'll tell him about that second restaurant.
But anyway, I said this with all the respect
because he's got really good stuff.
But pizza hut really for a chain is not that bad, you know?
I can't stand pizza hut pizza.
I don't care what you say.
I'm just trying to for a chain is not all that bad.
In Cologne, Germany in the train station,
they've got a big pizza hut.
And I had some of crap there while I was waiting for a train.
And it was pretty good.
Tombstone pizza is better than pizza hut pizza.
No.
No.
There is no freezer...
No grocery store pizza that's really worth a crap.
I'd rather die than eat pizza hut pizza.
Okay.
Next time I'm there, I'm going to get a pizza.
I'm going to get delivered in free.
Tons of it.
Pounds of it.
I'm going to get 500 of them.
I'm going to get that bacon cheeseburger pizza hut pizza.
How's my old buddy red?
Now, who the hell was he?
He was really the resultant, right?
He was like his father-in-law?
I don't know.
Don't you remember?
I was talking about red.
The guy from pizza hut he used to bring us pizzas
at the Zeta 100 years ago.
Jesus Christ, George.
You're getting more seen all than I am.
I never knew from red.
Well, I told I've talked about him a lot of times.
I'm a third man.
Sure.
You know, red.
Oh, red.
You know, old Yeller.
Yeah.
Well, what's wrong with old red then?
Old Yeller stain.
I guess maybe you have an aversion to redheads like I do.
Oh.
So that really?
Yeah, I do.
It depends on what they look like.
I hate to say that because people can't control what color they're hair is unless they're
doing a henna or something.
No, but I know what you're talking about.
Redheads can have a particular look about them.
Oh.
Oh, it's kind of like a spaceship look.
Yeah.
You're out there on the sidewalk saying, hey, how are you?
By the way, what time did the ship land?
And when does it leave them?
How soon can you be out here?
That's bad.
You know, it's like my talking about fat old bald and ugly people like me, you know.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I can't believe no one mentioned Fodruckers.
Yeah.
Fodruckers is right there in the corner of Sunrise University.
Yeah, there's one there in Aventura.
I ate there on Saturday.
I ate there with the friend of yours.
Chris Bush.
Yeah, good.
Okay, I hope you had the Chris and he had the bush.
Or is it the other way around?
Fodruckers is the food tastes good, but oh, man, be sure to tell him don't fuck with the
bun.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
Talk about it.
How about that weight and make everything fresh?
Yeah.
It takes like half an hour to get food sometimes.
Yeah, but it's good.
If you can survive long enough, if you're a survivor.
No, the food, I have no complaint with the taste of the food there and you know why I really like about Fodruckers is when you go inside?
Yeah.
And you get to put, they have like all the big tubs of like the, I'm talking about liquid cheese, you know, I like all the mustard.
Yeah, I'll kind of good stuff.
Not just your ordinary pedestrian stuff, but some really neat stuff and you can get the red onions there.
But, be sure and tell him if you have a sensitive stomach like some of us.
So, if butter the bun plays, it's like going to Ruth Chris.
They brought the steaks in butter at very high temperature.
Now, of course, it does make them juicier and even better, but the steaks are so good you don't need the butter.
And if you have a sensitive stomach, when you go to Ruth Chris, say, hold the butter, please, I'm a steak and they will.
Although last time I went there, I didn't tell them that and I didn't have any problem.
I do like that, which should have told me that I was a do for about of IBS.
We're just a little bit, a little bit too good to be true.
Follow my drift.
No, don't eat earlier in the day and go to Ruth Chris and have them butter the steak.
You'll be busy all night.
Although my IBS, the good news is it's on a way out. It's almost gone.
And that great news.
I think part of the reason, part of the reason for that is I lifted this chair up a little bit the other day.
Because for months and months and months I've been sitting here leaning over.
I've got squash and my kiskies, you know?
You know how that is?
Yeah.
Like when they first put that ridiculous old green chair that's in my bedroom here,
that well, if you could have seen that, you would have peed your pants laughing.
You wouldn't believe that anybody could be that stupid or cheap.
That Bob Vermouth wouldn't go out and like spend, you know, a couple of bucks to even any,
even like a folding chair would have been better temporarily.
It's one of those big old, old fashioned chairs that you like grandma used to have.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
And you sit down and you fall into it.
So basically that first day I did a show here the first day or two.
I was like sitting on the floor.
Nice going Bob Vermouth.
You redneck, you Yahoo, you simple and they're still talking about you and Amsterdam.
By the way, Bob, they said don't come back anytime soon.
If you know what's good for you.
12, but I'll look at it.
Arnold's all excited.
Get out of the race so we can take over the governorship.
They're desperate to win this and if Schwarzenegger comes out looking like he can win,
looking stronger rather than weaker, the pressure on McClendon is going to be enormous.
There you go.
Bill Schneider from CNN is a good guy like him.
Does he like him?
Who?
Bill Schneider, the guy that does it, tells him on the polling all the time on CNN.
We got what a class is.
Bald.
That guy.
He's pretty good.
He's a wolf blitzkrieg.
Who is it personally?
He is now suggesting.
He's another one.
CNN is just, they ought to take it off the air.
I mean, I believe in freedom of speech except in the case of CNN.
Take them off the air now.
Please.
Somebody else under too we ought to get off the air.
He's made his money.
You know what I'm talking about?
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
12 minutes past noon at 5.60.
If you have my can't believe we haven't heard a word from the lovely McGail,
did you call him?
No, I've got.
Have you tried to find out what's going on over there?
I'm going to tell you, you guys aren't exactly giving your nose to the grindstone on this
best anneal.
You're going to be real sorry when I start calling in sick for about five, six months
in a row.
Already in.
Attention all mortgage shoppers.
The following message could save you a Schmidt load of cash.
Tens of thousands of dollars.
Interest rates for home loans are shooting up dramatically, just like some of the people
on our station, they're shooting up dramatically.
But they're still at interest rate available.
It's just 1.95%.
It's really dramatic when you have to scrape them off the floor.
That's right, just 1.95% from financial group.
If you want to find out about this and save yourself a lot of cash, call 1-800-940-LAND.
It's truly economy's changing.
So if you've been thinking about refinancing your home or if you want to move up to a better
real estate investment, call financial group and get yourself 1.95% financing.
1-800-940-LAND.
That call can get you these kind of payments.
If you take out $100,000 on your payments to just $368 a month, if you have a $200,000
on your payments to only $736 bucks a month.
So call financial group and get that low interest rate that you've been praying and dreaming
and hoping for 1.95%.
1-800-940-LAND is the number to call.
They're in equal housing, credit restrictions apply.
Rate subject to change monthly 5.19 APR.
My, and low, this is 420560.
2A.
1-800-940-LAND.
This golden gasser.
1-800-940-LAND.
Wonderful WQAM.
And they're coming around the turn.
They're coming into this bitch.
They're coming down to the finish.
It's sick, Fred Terry, and winning the Kentucky Derby by 12.
We all know what happens to Derby winners.
Ever wonder what happens to the loser?
If you're tired of burgers and fake chickens of red, come visit the jocky for fried
horse in a bag.
At Kentucky Fried Horsey, a great place to tile the feedback.
Hey, the horse won't need it anymore.
Hello.
Welcome to K.A.
Bage.
Can I take your order?
Yeah, for our main course.
We like a thoroughbreded pie.
And they're all a bucket of noses extra crispy.
They're in the home stretch.
And the trough of out-to-pastorized milk, please.
What a finish.
Would you like a hot-end for home to go with that?
Hey, you choose the winner.
Now you can chew the loser at Kentucky Fried Horsey.
Well, 18 to 560 WQ.
There's a big scandal in Japan here a couple of months ago.
Did you read that, sir, about one of the Kentucky Derby winners from a few years ago was
like put out to the glue factory?
No.
Yeah.
That's what they do with horses in Japan.
Why, yeah.
Just in Japan?
I guess he wasn't like, I don't know if it was a gilding or maybe he just wasn't
very successful as a stagdain.
And as a result, they said, yes, grown.
And they sent him out there and probably send the canning factory.
I would assume that happens a lot all over the world.
You think?
Yeah.
Do you hear the story about the horse killers?
Didn't you see that on one of these 48 hours or date line or something like that?
No, I did not see that.
Yeah, there are people who make a living murdering whatever, killing horses for insurance
money or decoder.
Of course, yeah, I did see that.
Yeah, race horses.
They would have to support them and they have this insurance policy.
For the insurance policy, right?
Yeah.
Sounds like a good idea.
Yeah.
Nah, just that's just a joke.
All you animal lovers out there, especially with our band and pay rescues, it's obviously
just a joke, isn't it?
No.
Horses are pretty dumb.
Yeah, but they're great, noble creatures.
They are noble creatures, but they're extraordinarily dumb.
I mean, who else would let somebody sit on top of them and then you run around for a
mile?
You know, I mean, just, but anyway, that was a big scandal over there with a jabs.
And then, of course, years ago, I told you this before, but with your Alzheimer's
kicking and heavy duty, I can repeat a lot of old material.
There was a place called Henry's Hamburger's in East Lansing where I went to Michigan
state.
I remember this story about the horse meat.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And they shut him down because allegedly they were using horse meat.
Did I ever eat there?
I survived it.
I think I probably may have had to.
Oh, I'd really like satellite hamburgers in East Lansing.
Oh, did you have to?
Anybody in the audience remember satellite?
No.
Contas were good.
And of course, when you're college, you're a wiseass, you're a real asshole.
So you know, you do all these different stupid things to like one up everybody else, like
eat horse?
No.
So at satellite, you can get like double burger triple.
You get with this.
They were like real thin patties.
I say beef.
And so you get like a quadruple cheese or like, and we used to have contests just to see
who could have the mouth at one.
One could once have one with like 12 patties on it.
Yeah.
Cost them a lot of bucks.
I'm 30, man.
Yeah, just for the burger, but he won the contest.
I don't think you see him no more.
Just like when I was in Boston, we a friend of mine, you know, at least to go to a
Briggums.
You ever eat a Briggums ice cream, my joint?
No.
Great.
And the contest used to be who could eat the most hot-futts Sundays in one day.
Of course, you'd only have like two in the same place than the embarrassment factor would
set in.
And so then you'd go to another one about five blocks away because they're all over the
city.
Have you ever had Briggums ice cream?
No.
Hot-futts Sunday at Briggums?
Oh my God.
Like in the tin, in the old-fashioned days, they used to put it like in a tin thing, you
know, as opposed to like in a cup.
Right?
And it looks like a big long dish.
I mean, yeah.
Hmm.
No, not along this.
You don't know what I'm talking about.
You haven't been to Briggums.
No.
We haven't been to Amsterdam.
No.
You haven't been to Briggums in Boston?
California's recall vote will go ahead and scheduled on October 7th, the 11th Judge Federal
Panel Rule today.
The ACLU had filed suit requesting the ballot be delayed so that punch card voting machines
could be updated.
And the court said today, no, screw you.
How do you like that?
Whatever.
The ACLU has the option to file an appeal with the US Supreme Court.
Any emergency appeal filed with the US Supreme Court would go first to Justice San Jose O'Connor,
the Justice who has jurisdiction over the appeals from the 9th Circuit.
And of course, he's probably sleeping with Arnold on weekends.
So good luck to them, right?
Yeah.
With Arnold, the next governor of California.
I mean, seriously, if there's anybody out there in California listening on the Internet
and you vote for Arnold, we're going to come and drag your ass away.
How do you like that?
No.
Duth is honored.
Screw you, Arnold.
You illiterate ass hole you.
Go back to Austria with all the other Nazi friends.
Who's your daddy?
I'm Nazi.
The best fast food chain is Wendy's.
Man, they are often running speaking of Kentucky-Fried Horsey.
127 say Wendy's.
Y'all are.
And yet, like something big in common, the head to lose.
So be with them.
Pick a win.
Right.
So they don't have, uh, uh, onion rings your Wendy's.
I never thought about that.
I guess you're right.
They don't.
I wish.
Well, then again, if they're fries or crappy, what could their onion rings taste like?
Crap.
Taco Bell's 60.
Quiz-nose 34.
McDonald's, Odie 24.
They've only moved up three of votes in a long time.
I think I'm burst in McDonald's people away.
Good.
Stop eating that crap.
Okay, you mean it?
Stop taking your little kids there and destroying their lives.
Take them to Amsterdam where they still have that big banner up over the original McDonald's
and the city says McDeath.
It's been there for a hundred years.
Still sitting there.
McDeath.
With a skull and crossbones on it.
Arby's 22 Kentucky Fried Horse chicken the 22.
Boy, I haven't eaten any of their stuff.
Now they make burgers.
Who?
No, they don't.
Not me.
Not they make little chicken burgers at the KFC.
Yes, they do.
Chicken burgers?
Yeah.
You never had those?
I mean, you know, Scott is so guy named slow that it's a damn, it's a good thing we
got four hours for the show because the, the delayed response is like he's trialled
like, you know, he's putting his finger into a skull like Greg Reed is trying to, trying
to like compute all of this.
He was thinking about it.
He's talking about what they have like little chicken.
Yeah, like that.
All right, chicken.
They're okay.
They're not bad.
No, those are good.
It sure beats that so-called chicken that they make this got about a pound and a half
of batter on the outside.
Batter is better.
Christ.
Batter up.
Sonic 17.
Burger King 15.
Oh, man.
Stake and Shake One.
I'm late.
It's already got 13.
Hardy's got 13.
They both go by Burger King like they're sitting still and they should be subway 10 pizza
hot nine.
Bojangles.
Nine.
White castle eight, which I sure wish we got Wayne Arles.
But that's Royal Castle.
Yes, there is no white cast.
White castle anywhere.
Anymore.
Not in here.
That floor down.
I'm talking about it in the country.
Is there really still white castle?
Honey in Jersey.
Okay.
Like I said, good place for it.
White castle's got nine.
Checkers seven.
Prop by six.
Long John.
Silver five.
Churches four.
Crystal one.
Waterburger one.
Chicken.
Kitchen's got one.
Flood records don't have any out of four.
17 votes.
I mean, it went on recently, but flood records you have something.
Shouldn't it?
Like less butter on the one.
Go on.
I'm serious.
If I have that buttered bun at flood records and it's a good thing I live close to
there because the ride home isn't that far.
We could wear it depends.
I wonder if June Allison eats.
That flood records.
She says depends on the munchies.
Is what you say five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a
AT and team for rise along.
We got the man.
Come on up at two.
We got the Humper with a really tough show today, man.
Four until us about six thirty.
The way I look at it and five to six is the Patrick's or Tane hour.
So the Humper is basically off today.
Good job, Hank.
Marlins on decades have a six thirty fillies into Marlins.
The game of the season seven oh five tonight.
I've been saying that for days, but they all are.
Don't hit that thing yet.
I almost forgot how to side out of mind what I called Miguel.
Any camp to the baseball game, Joe and Marco, but I then always on them are a tough assignment
for him.
He had that big tough ball game Sunday night and he's going to drag his fat old ass out
of bed to come in the morning.
And Miguel said the reason that he hadn't called with any updates is because there weren't
any.
He was taking his first twenty dollar order while he was on the phone with me.
What we have here is a failure for anybody to use their brain.
The computer technology showcase at the Broward County Convention Center.
Seriously, if they're going to do appearances in places like that, then we might as well
just forget about it.
We might as well just suspend all activities and just throw in the talents.
They will give it a nice try, but that's it.
Pretty crowded there when I went the other time.
Then what's the problem?
I don't even know.
Maybe nobody's listening to anything that could be the problem.
No.
Unless they have somebody listed in the phones or all jammed up, we got eight million votes
on the poll.
I think that's a shmitty place to be doing a play where people have to go inside the
convention center.
That's not the way we ever do it.
Do we ever do that?
No.
No.
So what rocket scientists came up with that idea?
I have an idea.
Probably that freaking durian had lying bitch durian.
I almost had to see where that time.
Yeah.
Keeper ass out of our best of Neil, okay?
Tell her if she wants to Neil, she can do it in the morning when Miguel comes in at the
elevator.
Tell her to Neil on this.
See and the problem with a lot of these deals is that they do them at places to try.
And I'm sure that this one must be some kind of an incestuous deal, you know, without
a doubt.
The computer technology.
What are you looking at?
For them that you haven't heard.
Yeah, right.
So it's some kind of a thing where they try to pacify and smear somebody because this
salespeople promised them all kind of crap into me.
He went there and raised $20 in two and a half hours and an hour and a half.
I could go out here on a goddamn corner and raise $20 in two minutes for a client.
I would have to spare some change, Mr. A. Have a nice day, and I raised 20 bucks in two
minutes.
I might start doing it the way that thing is going, man.
This is a disaster is what it is.
It's not an unmitigated.
It's a mitigated disaster.
And just think about a little poor puppies out there.
They're going to wind up going without a home and starving to death because Miguel and
Doreen can't get their goddamn ass straight.
Wouldn't it wouldn't have been nice after an hour and a half of sitting there with nobody
there if he would have called and said, by the way, there's nobody here.
Can we get this plug this thing, push it, shall it?
It's a hope.
I'm too embarrassed to call.
This is the QAIM Promotions Department.
What was I just screaming about yesterday?
The same thing again.
Okay.
Too many chiefs out enough Indians.
Too many people with titles sitting around on their fat ass doing nothing, which is why
we didn't even bother doing the best of last year, as you'll recall, because it's like
a big imposition here.
They don't like because it has nothing to do with sports.
You see where you go?
If it was sports, they'd have like clearance himself personal.
It would be out there at a street corner right now.
Would a guy have them cup collecting money?
Yeah.
Can you give us some money for the dolphins?
Thanks.
For the marlins?
Thanks.
The freaking Panthers?
Thanks.
How about a few bucks for the hurricane?
Thanks.
But no, not for our stuff.
I'm pork, man.
I'm really pork.
How I have speaking to that, how about polyotropic hot?
That's right.
How do we leave them off out of sight out of mind?
They're a good, a block away.
Yeah, they're only a block away.
They used to be real good friends.
They always put that on their polyotropic hot for the eupholios.
Oh.
VIPSportsbook.com is South Florida's best sports book.
They're the largest and oldest sports book in the Netherlands.
So you know, they got to be really good.
Unlike a lot of these other bookies that you hear about on our radio station, they're
located in the jungles of some 10th world country.
And you'll be lucky if you ever see your money again.
If you want to play risky with your plunge and go right ahead, but if you want to really
have complete confidence, then call VIPSportsbook.com 100% legal and licensed too.
Call them tool free at 1-866 VIP bets.
I guarantee you can bet Scott's life on it.
They're South Florida's best sports book.
Sign up now.
You can bet all the South Florida football and basketball teams do as free all year long.
You want about the dolphins?
It's 100 to 100.
You want about their hiracunes?
It's 100 to 100.
So forget about the vigorous.
All sides get a 20% cash bonus, not some funny money max play bonus either.
VIPSportsbook.com, that's where you locate them online or call them tool free.
1.
He raised $20 an hour and a half?
1-866 VIP bets.
Tell me you heard about it here on QAIM, the home of embarrassing radio.
VIPSportsbook.com where you are, the VIP.
I'm going to look off this.
This is my city.
Radio's on yours now.
QAIM.
From the Moyne Democratic Massachusetts now an official candidate for his party's nomination.
I might add.
Don't interrupt.
Go to some phone calls.
You're watching Larry King live.
Denver, Colorado.
Hello.
Senator Kerry, how will you pay off the deficit?
You're going to have to kick back in more money now.
And by the way, we're going to penalize every family in America.
Port Gritchie, Florida.
Hello.
Senator Kerry, is it true that you used to work at Sears as a mannequin?
Oh, absolutely.
You have 19 years experience.
Olympia Washington, hello.
Senator Kerry, what will you do with healthcare?
I had healthcare because I'm the United States senator and I could afford it.
And that's why I'm going to see to it that everyone in America can't get what I got.
We can't serve all of you because we don't have enough money.
The reason we don't have enough money, Larry, is because I party.
Gardner Massachusetts, hello.
Senator Kerry, how's the healthy?
Are you really nice to ask?
I'm able to say that I am cured and I want to stay that way.
Thank you, Senator.
We'll be seeing you again soon.
Thanks so much.
Senator John Kerry now in official candidate for his party's nomination.
And don't say he's scary.
Yesterday, Carol Mosley Brown announced the official as if it was any big surprise.
Anybody voting for her?
No.
No.
Is it just an ego trip?
Did you see that on the CBS TV news last night?
I thought that was pretty interesting.
No.
I mean, they said, Carol Mosley Brown announced today.
And is it like for realers, this is just an ego trip?
Real?
Yeah.
I thought that was kind of interesting.
Almost as interesting as the fact that McGell got to 20 bucks fee.
I just heard the spot and we're delighted to take their money.
We'll take anybody's money on QA because we're a whore business.
Okay.
We're not respectable like they said in network.
We're a whore network.
Remember that line when they were having lunch around here?
I shout the body on and whatever they're reading.
They're seizure salons.
But the bottom line is that this was just done to pacify a client
and has nothing really to do going to a place where a lot of our people are going to be.
Because it's a very highly specialized narrow focus kind of thing.
You see what I'm saying?
Oh, I know.
Focus, it's very narrow and focused.
So the likelihood of any of our listeners being there and participating and buying any of our stuff or having any idea who McGell is.
See, it's one thing when you go on a paid deal like the bill's titles.
Right.
And they look at you.
It's sandwich man.
It's sandwich man.
You know, and they go get the free food and all the banana, the beaners in there.
Look at you like a whoo-dhal or you.
And that's one thing because you're getting paid to go there.
Right.
Oh, and it doesn't cost people to show up and meet, greet, and buy their product when I'm in the bill's title thing.
Right.
You know, like cheater wherever I'm going to be.
Exactly.
That's my point.
But in this particular case, what we're trying to do is find a nice location where enormous numbers of our listeners might be fairly close and convenient.
So they can come there and donate to the charity and get some of our merchandise in exchange.
And that's not some highly basically what I'm telling you is that McGell and Doreen between the two of them are sticking in deep in my-
Correct.
And they don't feel good, okay?
I'm not in a bad.
I think the gold's choice where they sent him.
Like I said, Doreen is sticking it in my ass and I don't play that game, okay?
No matter what she straps on, I don't do that, okay?
I don't bend down for nobody, right Ted?
The world, a plausible plan to correct this colossal failure in our policy.
Give him a chance.
Now, addressing the United Nations, the President should have taken responsibility for his administration,
otherwise the mistakes in going to war without the broad support of the international community.
We need to involve the United Nations in a meaningful way in the transition in Iraq.
Our policy cannot be all-take and no-give.
The President should work with the United Nations as long as it takes to get an agreement to help our troops and bring stability in Iraq.
Our troops are doing their jobs in Baghdad.
Now President Bush must do his job in New York.
It's President I feel.
Thank you, Ted. Nice going, baby.
What? How much weight do you think he gained this week?
About 30 men.
That's too bad.
He's starting to rival Marlon Brando.
How come he can't be President?
Okay, just because of the chapiquitik and if you're a little minor things like that,
and a little bit of a booze problem and stuff like that and Joan and her booze problem
and all the other Kennedy baggage that they carry, God damn it would be great.
You know what?
Yeah, he would.
He would be.
I like him a lot.
See, because that's what you got to get to your own crooked rich people who aren't in bed with these other crooked rich people.
You know, because they're all a bunch of crooks, right?
But you got to get the ones who aren't like tied in and owned by the other rich bastards like the Bexel and Haliburton crowd,
the Cheney and Wolfowitz and Pearl crowd, and that's why we need a Kennedy crowd in there.
Right?
Okay. So that's why we need Arnold.
Oh, that's a lot of what you got.
Well, he's Ken.
Hello.
He's part of the family.
I mean, stop and think about it.
This is no longer, I mean, October to 7th.
What's the date today?
Today is the 23rd.
So the 30th is next Tuesday.
So the following, what?
Tuesday.
Okay.
Right?
Am I right?
Two weeks from today is the election in California?
All I can say is.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
And they're actually our people.
They're doing these interviews on MSNBC.
I don't know if you've seen any of them or they're like the man on the street kind of thing.
And they stick the mic in the face of these very intelligent looking, respectable looking people
who look like they have an IQ larger than their thumb based on what their haircut.
And they're given all these reasons about, wow, he's in the sports world.
He did this and he opened up avenues for that.
And I'm thinking to myself, are these people just crazy or what?
They must be the ones that call it all the time.
I'm crazy.
It's got to be them.
Could you, could with a straight face, could you actually punch a hole, stick a lever or anything for Arnold?
No, maybe with a face.
Maybe with their verbal, California, they got a lot of gay faces out there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on them.
We're very, we're just, this made beyond what I can tell you.
$20.
When you told me that, that an hour and a half went by before anybody came and you're right, he's probably too embarrassed.
And he humiliated a Doreen sent him out there to a place where we didn't have a Chinaman's chance in hell.
Doreen is sandbagging.
I think that Doreen should have to like adopt 50 goddamn animals, okay?
Although I'm afraid what she might do with him, because she's that desperate.
Do you have any doubts what I'm talking about?
Look at that president of El Presidente in Bushy on, on Buddy Bushy.
What's his name?
Bushy in Buddy.
His Bushy Buddy.
His Bushy Buddy, yeah.
On our website today, you got to take a puket that that's that's what the president mission right there.
That's what he's doing to us and our fundraiser is here by picking a spot like that.
Look next up the, no, not next up.
He's already done the entire planet.
Whoever did this was very creative, but you're a little bit behind.
He's already screwed the entire planet.
All of us, all of these things.
Him and Dr. Rice.
Oh.
Dr. Rice.
I mean, are you shmitting me?
Dr. Freakin Rice, you look at her.
So look how stupidity is written all over her place, okay?
Maybe she's going in quarter this week.
And now that I'm really getting an Assar mood because of the fact that the Miguel's getting shut out there.
Now I start thinking about the fact we had to stop playing the original of that, the un-edited Condoleezer.
That really frosted my ass.
What a bunch of cave in pansies we work for it is in this company.
How much of cave in pansies you beastlies, okay?
How much of pussies?
Have no balls.
Of course, they're preparing to let their balls up there in the tree when they hop down with a banjo, you know?
I probably got stuck on one of the limbs.
20 to 1 at 560 WQA.
I'm, hey, if you're out on a limb because you're gigantic in humongous.
And it's really taking a toll on the way you look and feel if you're the thargic, you have no energy.
Maybe you're diabetic or right on the verge of it.
Believe me, diabetes is no fun.
I can tell you that from personal experience.
You got to cut way down all the things you love, can't eat them.
Try balance for life because this will help you lose that weight and divert all of these horrible things that can happen to you when you have that gigantic poopic.
Balance for life is the only company that has to choose between two alternatives for each meal every day that's run a program.
And they deliver right to your door by 6 a.m. to your work, to your home, to your overpass wherever you're hanging out, a little black sack.
And that's where it's all at.
In your black sack is all the food you'll need to keep you full and happy and delighted all day long.
And plenty of it.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks.
All made with the freshest, the best ingredients.
There's omelettes and frittadas and chicken dishes and beef and all kinds of really neat stuff.
Pass on the ababaganuch.
Balance for life is the way to go.
Beast has lost how much you do lost on it.
But third man.
Plus the original 50.
In fact, he's lost so much weight and balance for life.
I expect one day you'll open a door and just be like a little puddle where the beast used to be.
Or maybe he just left it behind.
Let balance for life help you lose that weight you start seeing results on your scale in just a matter of days.
Call them today 9 5 4 5 6 8 3 2 2 9 9 5 4 5 6 8 3 2 2 2 9 or check them on the wicked worldwide web at balanceforlife.com.
We're sports radio 5 6 a.m.
Star Buffet Max!
We're taking now behind the scenes as Arnold Schwarzenegger makes with political advisors.
How about I say something like I want to make California strong again by returning back and then going forward to the future?
That's good. It's very important though aren't you then or whatever you say.
It has to make a lot of sense it's got a hit heart.
That's why I should say something like I want to make California the entertainment capital of the world bringing back the economy and moving forward.
Arnold Hollywood already is the entertainment capital.
Even better it's already happening and I'm only thinking it.
Wow. Well how about the energy crisis Arnold?
Hey smart man there is no energy crisis in California.
That was New York. What's wrong with you? I don't care about New York. It's California. California.
There's a major energy problem. Not here. My step to the moon's state climate is fine.
I have power. Let's go back to bringing California into the future. That's a good position. Now Alex Oakley, you want to do that.
Let's think about that. I want to take it forward. Good. Not backwards.
All right. By going forward. Should you mention Gray Davis? Who is that? You know the guy you're recalling.
I didn't call anyone. I've been working here with you.
A great Davis. What do you want to say about Gray Davis?
Gray Davis is not from California. He was the dancer from the Rapp Pack. I'm not going to make fun of him.
What are you talking about? The Patch Guy from Ocean's Nine. You mean Ocean's Eleven.
I don't see the sequel. I don't think sequels have any merit at all.
You're talking about Sammy Davis. We're talking about Gray. All you do is sequels too by the way.
Hey. I don't do sequels. I'm talking about taking California to the future and taking down that big white sign that says Hollywood.
We need a new sign says Hollywood.
No. No. That's like an afflite. You're fired. You're fired.
Oh. Above you. You like my idea now? Army would sign.
That's a great idea. Great idea. California's future is above the Army world.
Yeah. Into the future. Into the future. I'm back. I'm not back. Not back.
Hey. Ah.
The man who bankrolled the California Recall effort is insisting that one of the two leading Republicans in the governor's race drop out
and to make it happen he's issuing a political threat.
Congressman Dierall Issa is afraid that Republican State Senator Tom McClintock and actor Arnold Schwarzenegger will split conservative support and guarantee a victory if your Democratic lieutenant governor Cruz Bustamade of California's governor is recalled.
So now Issa says one of the two Republicans must drop out or he'll dramatically reverse his stance and start calling for the recall to be defeated like a petalent child.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Issa spent $1.7 million putting the recall question on the ballot. He was the right-wing asshole who got behind started this whole thing in the first place.
Yes. And now he wants to guarantee just like they pulled fast and loose. Do you see the way this this is all unfolding? Sure. Boys and girls.
It's a political coup without any blood. The bloodless coup in California just like they pulled off in Florida where they stole the election where they help
their friends in these Supremes and now they want to do the same thing out there. They're going to make McClintock drop out because you know Arnold ain't going to do it because McClintock hasn't got a
chance in purgatory.
So they'll get the time of Clinton talk to drop out and maybe Arnold they can put him over the top because they want to be guaranteed that they can steal.
I mean when the governor should in California.
I mean so blatant man in the public's inspect. He was sure good in the terminator movies. He was really great.
Oh, huh. A wonderful actor.
The best fast food chain. That's our pool today on Edo Rogers dot com. Wendy's 138. No contest over the races over Taco Bell 63.
Quiz nose 39. Arby's 27. McDonald's only 26. Only 26 of the Golden Arches. Kentucky fried chicken 22.
Staying in shape 22. A late edition is zooming up there. Maybe they made a comeback with their burgers. How do you know?
Maybe I don't know. They do have onion rings or any good. I don't know. I had a cheese fries.
Oh yeah, they do have a good cheese fries. Here was got really good cheese fries. Crystal.
Oh, Scott said that at the same time. How you like that? Wow. Great minds work alike. Crystal's got the best damn cheese fries.
The thing to do is drive over to Tampa. Don't stay there because you'll hate it. But no or drive maybe up to a lane.
There's a little closer in it. That was one of Fort Loderdale. There's a crystal in Fort Lauderdale and you haven't told us about it yet?
Yeah, there's one on power line. Bring your gun. No. Oh, it's in like a dark neighborhood. I didn't say that what you trying to say.
Well, that's what you were implying. I said dangerous. Dark. So where is it? I'm power line road and one.
Oh, power line sunrise. Oh, that's right. Somebody told us about that long time ago. Didn't they George? Yeah, we forgot.
And we forgot all about it. Plus we don't want to go there like late at night or in the broad daylight. But other than that, maybe they'll bring something down.
Anyway, steak and shake 22 sonic 19 subway 18 burger King still stuck at 16. Well, good luck to them. Hardies 13, which I guarantee if we had more hardies inside the food.
Do we have any hardies? We keep going through this. There was the one down there and then we got all those conflicting reports.
You know, I found around bird road or somewhere. I forget where the hell it was. There's one app by coral springs. Are you hardies or hardies? Hardies? Hardies? Are you sure?
Yes, and coral springs. I'm going to have those good. Good shroom burgers. I think they import the shroom from Amsterdam. You can also get like a chicken breast with Swiss and the shrooms and bacon if you want.
Yeah, nothing like hardies. That's why I thought it's not for the white castles got 11. Bojangles 9 pizza Hut 9. What a burger 9.
Checkers 8. Poio traffic call 7. We just put it on there. We apologize. Popeye 6. Church is 5. Long John Silver's 5.
The chicken kitchens got 3. Crystal's got a pair and photo records finally got one. I don't really 500 votes. 42. So far. I'm sure we've left some all 5 6 7 0 5 60.
I'm still just in such a state of this may and outrage over this bogus the van hit not in the van in a place where it's like how many people to think are in there?
Yeah, some computer joint. I mean, I'm not going to fact they can have their convention. But what kind of a place it reminds me of what? How many times we were talking about this before the show today?
We were telling Scott about times when I would ease an Alice Bennett out to the Miami Beach Convention Center.
I was always no way to start it. There was nobody there. How many times have we tried to do that? It never ever works. It never never ever works.
Ever you got it. We got it. And it by the way because I shouldn't say this. I don't think it's free to get in there.
Ah! So in other words, we're sending him to a place where people who are going for a very specialized reason have to pay any mission price to get it because you know if there was any chance.
I mean, we're giving away the prize deal with Marlon tickets as high as the Marlon's are now. It is many bandwagon jumpers as we have in South Florida. And you I mean, just for that, even if they didn't want to pick up any of our merchandise, just that alone we'd have a line spinning the wheel.
Certainly this calls for a goddamn congressional investigation. We should tell Bush forget about this other bull crap. Okay. Let's start checking on what's going on in the QAM. There needs to be an investigation. I think this is second only to the OJ golf tournament scandal. This is second only to that.
We do agree. And all the years that we've been raising money for charity. I agree, but I think you're forgetting something. And what is that? They don't care.
Oh, I didn't forget that. Now we have to do that in spite of them in spite of the mismanagement there. These are the same people who resent the fact that we've got a website that in one day gets more hits that they get in six years on airs. Yeah.
Well, we've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've
got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful
We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to
We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to
be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We've got to be careful. We
got to pay to get the
treatment. We've got to pay to get the treatment
don't ask for the treatment. We've got to pay to get the treatments. We've got to pay to get the treatment. We've got to pay to get the treatment. We've got to pay to get the treatment. L
we've got to pay to get the treatment. L
Listen to a horror radio Q.A.M.
This is my and all.
This is the sports radio license.
Q.A.M.
We've got the rail.
And when I'm up in Boca Tika's slapping old women with painted lips around the pole.
I listen to the Neal Rogers one or two hours.
I mean I listen to the Neal Rogers there in balance one or two hours.
Woooah!
I'm a Hill Daily Republican but f***er.
In red, red, carpeted, and clumped her window.
I'm a big, naked boy. It's your portrait.
It's all the America but country I love.
I'll blip swear, but it's in on my throat.
It's Fox because they're tattooed on my nose.
Romeo, you shiny, all carol on me.
I wear it on my sleeve.
I squat down on my post-cating staff.
It let me watch her balls slapping on my mouth.
Come on with Christian brother, he'll think it off.
As I gaze upon my naked picture, John asked, drunk.
You'll learn and do, just like George's brain.
That's why I'm devoted to the Neal.
In the prancer, come ease the center today.
Fast feeling, chew, living and chill.
Come on, you idiot, you're a big, ugly, b***er.
In gray, a big card, he's comfortably dumb.
And I believe in the goddamn thing they say.
All right.
102 at 560 W.D.C.
I'm a charge organic mammoth 1.2 hour.
So basically the big news of the day is three things.
Number one, the president went to the UN and said,
eehhhhh.
Please help us out.
Please bail us out because it's the right thing to do.
I didn't hear and say, please.
No, he said, do it.
Number two is the court in California said,
we want to have the election October 7th because it's the American F and way.
And so they're going to do it October 7th.
And number three is we got suckered in and we're getting sabotaged
in our fundraiser this year for all those poor little animals.
That to me is the big story of the day, far superseding the other two.
I think you're still under the wrong assumption.
And what is that?
That anybody in the station cares about our fundraiser.
Now see, there's something you don't understand.
That is this.
What business does Doreen or any other nasty needle nose bitch in that radio station
have to do interfering with our ability to go out and raise money for the best of deal?
Did they help us to make the CDs?
No.
Did they help us to get the goddamn keychains done?
No.
So you're still not understanding.
Everything that Miguel does for us, he does at the detriment of the things that they pay him to do over here.
Yeah.
He does it on his own.
So in other words, this is basically, this is just one of those QAM things.
It's like Joe and Mark are going to be at Yodio, Yodio, Yodio, Yodies.
And they're going to have this stuff with them and maybe somebody will look at three people to come by.
The salespeople sell these ad packages.
They throw in van hits and appearances with Miguel and the van in the prize wheel as part of the package
and it's Miguel's job.
What he gets paid for.
Are you seeing around this thing?
This is the way we've done it in past years.
And our Alzheimer's is kicking in in past years.
They would say to me, Miguel would say, where do you want us to go today?
We're going out.
Where would you like us to go?
When he's able to.
And we would say, hey, folks, where would you like the event today in Kendall, in the day land, in Coral Springs somewhere, whatever?
On the days that he isn't scheduled to be somewhere else by whatever deal they've hatched back there.
Yeah, but see, I was, I was led to believe that this was a one of our deals.
See, this is a best and yield fundraiser.
Is that what it looked like?
No.
I got the sheet right in front of me, Mr. I'm wearing it.
He's just tying it in.
It says best of Neil.
Today, I love it a lot of things, and be out of the audience, etc.
And spend the prize wheel from Arlington.
So this has nothing to do with us.
We're just ancillary.
We're like an appendage.
This is just a way to pacify a client because some asshole salesperson, the QA, I promise them a bill of goods and we're going to do this.
And you'll be able to look at Miguel's ass and do all these other things.
And maybe look around his balls a little bit.
We're piggybacking our deal on to something.
Piggy backing and it don't sound kosher to me, Mr.
No.
Pig skin is one thing with that football obsession on this radio station.
Piggy backing, that's another thing.
And at Gourine bitch, she'd like to piggyback Miguel, I guarantee you that right now.
She would claw his ass to pieces.
That bitch.
If she could just get those pants unbuckled and untied man, you'd never see that thing again.
She'd take her home as a souvenir.
What are you laughing about?
You know, it's the truth.
She clawed that thing off with her damn fingernails.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 60.
If I sound a little bit worked up, excuse me.
Okay, but we've been had again at QA.
I'm always getting led down to Garden Path.
But you hit it on the head, you're right Sam.
I'm in denial. I'm trying not to admit it because it's so ugly.
You have to admit it.
They don't give a flying crap.
They wouldn't let the goddamn finger.
No.
And by the way, how the checks coming from the people inside the building who've always been so helpful for us in the past
for abandoning their rescue.
I realize it's early.
We got to the end of the year.
It's only September 23rd.
How are those coming?
Are we going to anything yet?
No.
Here's a call from Bokeh.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I just want to thank you several years ago.
We gave away flags after the September 11th.
I don't know what you're going to call.
I think I talked to George.
And we gave over 3,400 flags away just by mentioning your name.
Right.
And if you all want a location, we'll give you a free location.
And we'll make a substantial donation to you.
Great.
At the Dolphin Mall every year, you know, we do the Halloween stores.
But we make a donation and give them a whole case.
All right.
And we get thousands of people that come through there.
Okay.
And what is that going to be?
I think it's the Halloween time.
You know, I need time between 9 October 31st.
Anytime you want to come.
Okay, yeah.
Let me put you on the phone.
Okay.
I'll give Scott your number and we'll take advantage.
And I thank you in advance.
Well, thank you for all your efforts.
You bet.
Thanks.
Okay.
That's online six.
Take care of that guy there.
Maybe we can get something going.
Maybe we can start raising somebody.
Because we're obviously aggressively going to have to go out.
Because like you said, you're right.
This year, it's strictly we're on our own, man.
We're like a bunch of stepchildren with a bunch of stepchildren animals.
We're all a big bunch of stepchildren.
We've been thrown out in a cold.
See, they haven't allocated any resources to us.
It's just Miguel doing it on his own because we want to.
And they don't stop him because then you'll bitch more than you are already.
Yeah, well, I got news for it.
A bitching just started today because now I understand why this thing is creeping and crawling and cricketing along.
Because we're not, it's croaking along as the Chinese say.
Because we're not doing anything.
That's why.
Oh, brother, when I think back to the history of all of this stuff and at OJ golf tournament and the,
and the lies that were told, including Greg Reed and SCRUAN and the yearly departed Sam and all of these stories.
And oh, we had nothing to do with that.
We didn't know nothing about it.
But we had to find out they paid for that piece of crap that murdering son of a bitch to fly out of South Florida.
At that time, he was still living in California.
They paid to fly him in.
They set up the whole goddamn thing.
And then they tried to put him on the air with me to top it all off.
Because there are a bunch of sports obsessive nerds in that place, including Phyllis and SCRUAN,
who both have OJ pictures and paraphernalia all over their office, okay?
I think SCRUAN's got an OJ autograph on her.
Correct him.
Fan-ass is what I think.
The rest of her got pretty scrawling and her ass is still ample-sized.
In fact, when I was there last time, it looked to me like she's all assed.
With OJ's autograph.
Hey, I tell you one thing.
I'd like to see OJ coming in here and coming to her office with that machete swing in a little bit.
You know what I'm saying?
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
Couple of chains, farm baskets, Miami subs.
You guys got Miami subs yet?
No, we don't, but that should be on her.
It's excellent.
Del Taco.
Tokyo Bowl.
Well, we haven't slowed down.
Slow down.
What was the taco one?
Del Taco.
It's pretty big.
I don't know if they'd have them out here.
Del?
Del Taco, yeah.
Never heard of it.
Really?
Tokyo Bowl?
Never heard of that.
Port of subs.
Never heard of that.
Hinds, times bagels.
Oh, I Hinds, times bagels.
So, okay.
Okay.
Thanks, Polly.
Thanks for the show.
See you.
Hinds, times bagels and Miami subs.
I don't like Miami subs myself, but nevertheless, he said he liked it.
It used to be great.
It used to be really good, and now I think they suck.
I could be raw.
Maybe it's good.
I should look, you know, I mean, how much am I there?
How many days a year?
About 30, man.
Yes, so what the hell do I know?
And Hinds, times bagels is all over the place.
There's one every street corner.
You don't have to be Jewish.
Oh!
So, I enjoy Hinds, times bagel.
And they're great to be a rocket scientist.
Which means that Greg might, well, like when all are Gregus too much in that sushi.
See, there's less and more of you young people out there.
Don't mean too much sushi.
You might up like, look at all of them.
Like Greg Reed, like that.
Just like that.
Like that bitch Doreen.
Oh, brother.
See what an apropropiate day for you to tell me this morning what a freaking liar she is?
That was good.
Because it kind of like was a psychic, like a premonition you had of what this day was going to materialize in our fundraising thing.
Into a big pile of crap.
I'll go and damn tea one thing.
Thomas Crapper must have had Doreen in mind when he invented that bowl.
You know what?
He must have just envisioned a picture of her and her ugly fat ass.
And then thinking about that bitch, that slut, that disgusting, do nothing piece of dirt.
In fact, I think I have to be on the most side of that one.
You know what?
I think you were right, Mo.
Absolutely.
Here is Dear Field.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil, just in a Doreen, what we have here.
Oh, how sad.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I wouldn't nominate Boston Mark.
Okay.
Nomination accepted.
Boston Mark.
How many of those are left in the world?
Not 30, man.
Not too many left.
There's one right pipe, the lights in West Bokeh, I should point out.
Right?
If you say so.
Oh, we always say that in the spot.
Don't you pay attention.
You're supposed to be here.
Not in my every word.
I know spots.
You know what I was saying?
No, I tuned them out.
Right next to Boston Market is the lights in West Bokeh open daily 10 to 10, 70s a week.
Oh, yeah.
They're on the spot.
Then we have no free plug.
I think what we're going to do, let's face it, okay, because it's very obvious that they got budget meetings next Monday.
Miss Muff made a or a Tuesday, whatever it was.
Muff made me a big saw in an instance morning, which is an excuse for why he won't be there to pat us on.
On the head, unless there's a Marlin game in which case the big budget meetings will be reigned out or some crap like that, you know.
So he's already making excuses why they won't be around as if that makes a difference of course,
because I know that between our operations manager and our program director and our ticket give a router and all these other people,
they are really very helpful when it comes to our best up campaign every year, aren't they?
Oh, yeah.
Right.
And like you said, they don't give a fly in fork is what it boils down to.
They couldn't give a fork less, right?
They couldn't give a fork full less.
How do you like their apples?
Of sushi.
Too much of that sushi rots your brain out, Greg, okay?
Maybe that's why too much of that comedy you're playing on.
You guys got something to do with it too.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line as far as the poll is concerned.
And you know, we welcome more additions.
The best fast food chain is Wendy's, a hundred and fifty.
More than double the next closest competitor Taco Bell 68.
I'll take Taco Bell, thank you.
I mean, I like Wendy's, don't get me wrong, but I just...
I like to talk about a triple cheese with onions and ketchup.
That was back in the days when I could eat that.
Right.
When was that?
About 30 years ago and I thought I could eat it.
Taco Bell 68, Quiz No, it's 42 and I told you they're good.
I think I made a search for one out here.
They're all over the city in T.O.
Steak and shake 30?
Steak and shake moved up they got...
McDonald's 27, RB's 27 Kentucky Friday 22 subway 19.
They came from nowhere, from out of the field.
Probably what's his name voted upon?
Jared.
Sonic 19, Burger King 17, White Castle 14, Poehawthropy, Call 13, Hardies 13.
Hardies is doing well.
I wish we had a bunch of model over town.
Me too.
I like Hardies.
I like those Shroom Burgers.
Lots of options at Hardies.
I like Shrooms.
And I like that...
What were you saying before about the kind of cheese that they use?
Not Swiss.
I said Swiss.
That's an option that they have.
They have various...
They have all different kinds of cheeses.
Right.
Or is it chicken or Swiss?
Or do they have all different kinds of cheese?
Cheeses.
If it's different kinds of cheese, it's cheeses.
Christ.
Yes.
Checkers 9, Vogue Angles 9, Pizza Hut only 9?
Come on.
What a burger 9.
Just for old redsake, let's give pizza 1 or 2.
Chicken Kitchens got...
I don't know if it's good enough.
I like the name of it.
The Chicken Kitchen.
Don't you like saying that?
Chicken Kitchen.
If you get like a tingle in your mouth, it feels almost like a sexual whisper.
The Chicken Kitchen.
Ooh.
Careful.
Squirt, Squirt.
Wow.
Long John Silver 6, Popeye 6, Churches 5, Crystal 3, Fudruckers 1.
None yet for Nathan's or Boston Market out of 525 votes.
They just went on there.
You had a good idea to drag this thing down.
No, you're right.
Because I'm so bent out of shape about that McGill good or reen business.
That just thrusts my ass.
See, the other ones where it says, well, you know, Joe and Mark are going to be at somewhere and they'll have this stuff.
I realize that's just a regular appearance of theirs.
And if you happen to be interested, you see what I'm saying?
McGill also does regular appearance of yours.
But I was led down to Garden Path to believe and I kept saying yesterday we want to get to 25 grand arrays without doubt.
And all of a sudden I get this thing like, oh, here you go.
Here's the answer to your prayers, Fatso.
You faddle, fag turn you.
And it turns out to be just a third part, not even a fat one.
So there's no more update.
Is that it?
11 to 1 is done.
He said he'd call if anything else happened.
I want everybody in this audience to sit right wherever you are.
Just freeze.
Okay, just freeze.
Pretend it's a whole other than the fun's ring.
Could it be him?
Could it be the lovely McGill?
What would be the grand total for today at this highly touted convention at the Broward Convention Center, boys and girls?
The grand total is...
Is...
Hang on.
We're less than...
Buddy!
We're waiting.
What would you say it again?
Underpaid.
Overworked.
Underappreciated.
Maybe you're an asshole like Todd Wrecking to deserve it.
Here it is.
They sold this radio station.
Now the future is endowed.
We've been talking about paxons.
Ever since cops pulled out, now we'll work for paxons.
The man's a million ever.
We've gone to work for paxons.
We've slightly waited for hair.
Do I think that it's a bummer when the Henry's gone?
Are you sure?
Say goodbye to Aaron.
Someers say hi to Ron and Ron.
They're gonna work for paxons.
And that's a matter of fact.
They're gonna work for paxons.
But Neil ain't changing his act.
My sense of born again, Christian.
My guess is he can't be.
He wants to change the stations.
Letters.
The WGOT now will work for paxons.
It's good.
Paxons, he's the plan you got.
Paxons, paxons, gone.
Paxons, paxons, paxons.
Paxons, make the sign of the crop.
1.20 at 5.60.
See, now that I'm thinking back on it,
I think I made a wrong decision at Faithful Night
when Norma can't brought me those two contracts to the house
and I signed the wrong one.
How seriously?
Because if I would have done the Paxon one,
then when they sold out to the cheap channel,
I'd have been on the cheap channel.
I'd be syndicated on 6000 stations across America today.
Everyone have to be worried about raising $20 at the time
for a very worthwhile charity.
I can be raising like $20,000 a day.
You follow what I'm saying?
That's a point.
I think I made a wrong incision, Norm.
It's all his fault.
And then of course there was, well, I don't want to go in.
What's the use crime over spilt golf tournaments, you know?
New York Post says, by the way,
that smoking even in the privacy of your own car
could be banned under one of at least five state bills
introduced in the past year to limit where a person can light up.
See, this is what's happening in America.
You can hear the booth stomping all around you, man.
From public beaches to carnivals to persons' private vehicle,
the legislation would make it more difficult
to smokers to take a drag on one of them faggots.
Post-smoking forces fear the ultimate goal of some lawman
causes the ban cigarettes and cigars completely in New York.
This is a well-planned strategy
to essentially eradicate the back of use in backdoor methods
that Audrey Sik silk co-founder of the New York City-based
Post-Mokers Group Clash.
Where do they have that silk pie?
See, I'm food intensive now with this poor-dirty thing like...
French silk pie.
That's like a mother-butter pie, maybe?
No, no, no, no. This is a dessert they have with some place.
French silk pie.
It just crossed, was it steak and ale?
I don't know.
Some place where they have French silk pie.
Oh my god, was that good stuff.
My irritable bowel just kicked up again when I said that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and what's this?
So he actually raised $20.
It was like one city or something that he dumped
while we were there and I was in.
Correct.
In two hours.
Correct.
So if there's anybody in the audience who wonders
about my frustration level,
while I'm disgusted, nauseated and revolted
with the kind of assistance that we get or not on this radio station,
now you understand this is the reason why it's just smitten-canned.
It's kind of like, well, do you think we ought to do it?
No, no, no, I don't think so.
No, no, you do it.
But Mikey eat it, you know.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, a meal, too, sir.
Yes, sir.
You can hear me on it?
I hear it.
I hear it like you're right next door.
Wow.
Two things.
Could you happen to watch any of the money nights we'll follow
that night?
Not a second, no.
You ran a spot on there for NFL.com
in which they have different radio announcer voices
and voices just to create a message.
Right.
And everything.
They ran like seven seconds of the mandate going like tremendous.
That's standing.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Not a single order from Noah Howard.
Good, excellent.
You know, I saw how they counter-counts about him having to tone it down.
It's 20 seconds of the time.
Hi, hi.
Yeah.
They're on to more.
They know what's all about.
I wish he was gone.
And then the other thing was,
did you ever go to the metal lamp?
Yeah.
My dad had horses raised in there,
he on the go.
Right.
And I just, I just thought, I mean, as a little kid,
I just remembered it was like a little hole in the back.
How was it the metal and race track once?
I had a rental car and I parked it.
This is my metal and there actually were a few bucks.
And I left after like the second and last race.
And I could, it took me like a half an hour to find a car.
You know, because a rental car, unless you really look at it,
close, you don't even know what that looks like.
And it's like 20,000 cars sitting out there outside the race track.
And it took me a half hour to get out of there.
Yeah, we went, when we had horses, we met this year.
We went there in Northfield and to take a,
a wonderful life as a kid.
There you go.
Stayin' causing nail, ooga, ooga.
Okay, and Del Man, Jesus God.
5670560, by the way, Dick Feinberg, if you're listening.
I should have mentioned this earlier, because in the Pompano Park copy,
it says, have you heard the new song, Why Can't We Blow Up Saddam by the Austin Lounge Wizards?
Have we heard that?
No.
No, I haven't heard it.
I haven't heard it, Dick, but if somebody can give me a copy, it will be,
in fact, it says on here, um, oh no, I thought maybe they emailed it to us or something like that.
No, they didn't.
I'm thinking of something else.
No, we haven't heard that.
We don't know where to get it, but we sure like to have a copy of it, Dick.
I just mentioned that for my close personal friend, Dick Feinberg,
who probably is sitting right next to Del Manji's right now.
And Bob Beaumar, and Buddy Gilmour, and Levi Harner.
What are you laughing about?
That's serious business, man.
I'm sure it is.
And of course, they make nights, Edmick Night, Jr., and Senior, and all of these people, huh?
Here's plantation. Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Palli?
Pretty good, Palli.
Listen, a couple of things.
In other words, these people, Doreen, and all of these went...
They're worse than far-bistened?
They're not that they're worse than that, huh?
By the way, something I want to say to you.
Hi, Palli!
Yes, they are.
Okay, listen, was the doctor who kind of...
Did I put your arm in a split with that Bruce Berkowitz?
No.
No.
Okay, another thing real quick.
Publix now is putting covers in front of a glamour and certain women's magazines
because the moral majority called them and said it's not in proper taste when you go to pay to check out things.
So I cannot...
That's not a...
The first American for you, baby.
You're taking gigantic strides back into the stone age.
I mean, they said...
I said, how about the star and the inquire and the glory of the...
That's right.
They don't...
I mean, these Palli...
They're probably making hundreds of thousand dollars a year in profit off of this.
And then the moral majority, Bible-Belved people are complaining that they're showing too much cleavage on glamour and vogue.
I think they're not showing enough cleavage.
Yeah.
Okay, enclosing...
Hope you raised 50,000 for the Apple.
Okay, thanks, Palli.
But we're trying to raise 100,000.
What we were, that's what George is talking. I don't think we're good to 25.
We usually do like 89, 90-ish.
You're crazy, man.
Where we usually do.
You're dreaming.
You're dittling with it, man.
You know what you're talking about.
That's what I'm saying.
You're thinking in the past days when we used to raise over 100 grand every year,
like it was falling off a log.
No problem.
No sweat on IOD because every other show participated in it.
Right, 80-year-old.
Everybody called it.
They did appearances whether it was like a group effort on this radio station.
We're like lost on an island out in the middle of the guy they met at Torreini.
We're like, I'm Corsica somewhere.
We're like on Elba with Napoleon, Easter Island.
Although I do like a good Napoleon.
French soak pine.
Nobody called in to tell you the answer to that yet?
No.
But, well, why do you say it that way?
No, you're saying, man.
I know you were asking me.
Well, how would George be known?
And did George ain't taking a call?
I'm not allowed to screen calls.
I just asked where they're from.
But you see, they wouldn't, you wouldn't have to screen them if they would just call it say,
well, tell no, Neil, Nell, Nellie.
Right, so I'm trying to find everybody that says that.
Oh, must be following orders.
You're following, or you're taking orders from George?
He's got the naked pictures.
I see.
127 at 560 WQF.
If you want to see the best and horse race,
Sonal Casting speaking of Del Mangi, he's head over to Pompe de Parc, Ernest.
Pompe de Parc, Ernest is open seven days a night,
so we're featuring the best and harness.
Thoroughbred and Highlight action from all across North America for you to watch and weigh your on.
And General Parking and Admission are always free.
Enjoy plenty of free seating, hundreds of TVs to view your favorite track from,
or get you a private box seat with your own TV monitor for just a couple of bucks.
And it's all done in a smoke-free environment that people in New York would be proud.
Come watch and weigh your this Saturday, September 27th, on the $400,000 Kentucky Futurity,
and the $300,000 Bluegrass State at Lexington's Red Mile.
You've been there, haven't you?
Oh, yeah.
And don't forget racing, fans, Pompe de Parc will be back in action with the start of their 40th anniversary season
of Great Harness Racing, beginning Friday, October 10th, with the return of Highstakes poker too.
If you like your poker, Pompe de Parc, a block south Atlantic VoloVero on Powerline Road called 954-972-2000
for daily summer cast race schedule, or check them out on the web every day at pompe de Parc.com
and find out the complete summer cast schedule.
Pompe de Parc, horse power you can plunge on.
My and locals, this is 420-560-2802-8208.
That's how this looks real tight.
What throws up your ass and die?
You need to watch last night.
You need to know your name's tight.
That's how this looks real tight.
It's cruel.
You need to be the bitch I banged you down.
Roy!
I smack your hand and lose up your body the way you lie.
Arratt!
Roy!
You get my bone so long and strong.
Roy!
If you carry the body, you won't end no hair if it's wrong.
Yes!
You got a bit of you wife.
You just beat my son.
The kind of bitch we die.
You know how to do a cry.
You got it big with those days you die.
No!
27-2-560-2802.
Maybe a good contest is the biggest bitch, Dorina, Scrooan.
We'll just take it inside the building.
Probably be a flat-footed tie.
Here's the call from Fort Lauderdale.
Good afternoon Neil.
How are you doing?
Yes sir.
Good afternoon to you.
I might have an answer to your thing Neil.
I know that they...
Who am I thinking?
Uncle, it's a mother-butler's tie in Denny's.
What do you think, George?
You think, Talks?
Hello.
Go ahead.
George is trying to be a comedian.
Go ahead.
Neil?
Yes.
It's not my head to the bottom of Denny's.
Sir, listen to me.
Mother Butler has nothing to do with French silk pie.
It's a kind of a dessert that they serve at a particular restaurant, which I think it was steak and ale, but maybe some place else.
Okay. All right.
I'm misunderstood you, but getting back to about horse meat, Neil, it was Ali Sheeb of a one-to-conteky deri that they brought over to Japan for breeding purposes.
And when it's breeding started to not...
Actually, I guess, dry up the stuff.
Not up to stuff, right?
Right. Not up to stuff.
They put them into what they call a...
Is it that stuff?
Into the glue factory.
And it's really got the people in Kentucky.
And they've actually signed a petition now that any...
Any, you know, champions or anything like that, they go over to Japan for breeding purposes that they have a right to, you know, to buy them back if they're going to go to the slaughterhouse.
I'll be right on.
That's what caused the big problem over there.
And you hit it right on the head.
I'm originally from Boston, Neil, and Brigham's ice cream is the best.
You bet.
Actually, when you sprinkle those jimmies on there.
I'll see it.
I'll see it.
Quincy Market.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6.
You know how I always say like little things like that at the end.
It's like...
Yeah.
And then I wonder, why did I say that inside?
Some people...
Some people...
Why?
Then I waste my time doing it.
Well, those 30 people that get it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10.
So we got $23,490 now.
How do you like that, Mr. Hatch?
Good.
God Almighty.
It's just embarrassing.
And you're right.
It's hard to admit it.
See, in the Q&A, IOD was no different either.
It was different on this as far as the fundraiser because the whole station was involved.
It was station...
In terms of anything that the station couldn't make a buck on.
And what immediately comes to mind is those glorious Vegas trips with Bob Lincoln.
Oh, yeah.
Talk about being left in the lurch, hung out to dry.
Thanks a lot, Bob.
Green, you little schmuck.
You little puzzle.
See, they didn't care.
They wouldn't get involved.
Well, you don't want to do it.
You know, it's his problem.
You don't want to do it.
And basically because they couldn't make a profit on it, the station wouldn't lift a finger to do anything to extricate us from that nightmare of Bob Lincoln and those Vegas trips.
Oh, not one.
But two, not having learned my lesson the first time because I'm a schmuck.
Remember that?
Vivid horse like this.
Damn, your...
Damn, your put me in a pine box because of the stress of that.
And once again, they don't care.
They don't care about doing anything for the community or for the audience.
Then they'll put on a front.
They'll be, oh, well, we're going to have a golf tournament, you know.
How many dollars do you really want to go to the charity?
About third, man.
There's golf tournaments.
Who the hell are they, kid?
Just like that golf course.
What the hell golf course was it? Do you remember you won't?
No, I won't either because I hate golf.
I remember they were outraged and they sent me that letter and they sent it.
I'm in top of the screw-in when it came about the OJ thing and they were all outraged.
And then, you know, like two weeks later, oh, and QAM is going to be in such and such golf.
Or they were right back there sucking each other's ass again, you know.
They don't care.
Finding anybody, it's really going to any principles or stands on principle, man.
You can find one in a billion.
I think I've saved that letter.
Did you?
That's somewhere.
Well, look around for it.
But I'd like to find out the name of that golf course again because what a bunch of two-faced
phony bastards they were.
There were sucking screw-ins ass about two weeks after that indignant letter and we were
outraged and Mr. Wright.
And then I talked about it on the ear and they were like long gone.
I'm putting it in the facts machine right now.
Oh, you got it?
Good.
Excellent.
Let me rip them and ask too.
Maybe I can help screw-in, lose an account.
I'd love to do it, screw-in.
Anything I can do to help you lose money, man.
And take sleep out of your life.
Maybe you have a few sleepless nights rolling and turning and twisting and yanking.
I'll show you the plenty of that.
Which team is she going to be doing that with?
Roy!
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I'm the French-Sylt-Pie.
I mean, that's a dessert that's made in a lot of the trunks, but I know you've seen it a lot.
You have to miss it.
So, it's like a time where you're...
That says phony's breaking up.
Your phony's breaking up real bad.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Is that better?
A little better, yeah.
Yeah, I used to eat it at Big Boy in Michigan.
And I was thinking maybe that's where you used to have it.
No, Big Boys to me, the strawberry pie was the famous thing for Big Boy.
A lion's brother's not just in Michigan, but everywhere.
In fact, there's one on the Davy Road extension.
Yeah.
Well, no, there's a shoney there.
I don't think there's a Big Boy.
Oh, that's right.
Shoneys.
Yeah, but shoneys was Big Boy also.
Shoneys and a lion's brother's Big Boy.
Well, they still have a lion's brother's up in Michigan.
And I used to get it there all the time.
So I would think it maybe because you were in Michigan used to get it there.
No, I'm thinking in South Florida that basically it's Stake and Elle,
which I don't even know if they're in business anymore Stake and Elle.
You should be a pretty good place.
There's a Stake and Elle still on commercial just west of the Turnpike.
It's still there.
Okay.
So, okay, well, sorry.
I thought it might have been Big Boy.
I'll see you in Lafonia.
Okay.
Take care.
Skipper's table.
What I was with those are the days, man, when men were men.
Wolverine Harnessed Raceway.
Jack Riggs called on Erases.
Harnessed Race is going to the evening.
And Thurbridge in the afternoon and driving between one track and the other.
How do you like that, George?
Oh, I like it a lot.
All my fast papers messed up.
Oh, I mean, damn it.
Oh, no, let me do the break.
No, I better have straightened up.
It might be something important.
Oh, in fact, it is something important because it's whatever the thing is you were faxed when you see that was an active God probably.
Oh, God.
To get my attention to fax machine real quick because aren't you faxing me that thing?
And the thing is jammed up again.
Okay, let me do the break.
I was just refuses to come through.
Probably it's the QA block.
Probably the beesleaves that put the block on the line to make sure I can't get a hold of that thing.
20 till 2 a.m.
Hey, if you want to plunge your gut side, you want to do it in peace and make sure that your money gets back to you when you have it coming.
VIPsportsbook.com are people you can trust.
These aren't people located in the juggles of some 10th world country or on another planet or as they say in China.
Yenem'sveld.
These are people the oldest and largest sportsbook in the Netherlands.
100% legal in license as well.
Listen to me and call VIPsportsbook.com right now at 1-866 VIP bets because they are to put it simply soft food is best sportsbook.
You can trust them, you can know them, you can love them, you can plunge your guts out with them.
Sign up now and you can bet all the soft food or football and basketball teams juice free all year long.
You want to bet on the dolphins? Well, good luck to you.
It's 100 to 100.
You want to bet on the Huracun's against one of those little girls teams they play?
It's 100 to 100.
So forget about the vigourish.
All signups get a 20% cash bonus too.
Not some funny money match play bonus from Yenem'sveld.
I like saying Yenem'sveld, don't you say it?
Yenem'sveld.
Oh, I need to be you don't say it right.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
He don't know them from Yenem'sveld.
That phone number again is 1-866 VIP bets.
Be sure and tell me you heard about it on WQAM please.
VIPsportsbook.com where you be the VIP.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com is where you find them online or but not too bad work on it or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
I just can't believe it. You can knock me over with a feather duster right now.
One of these days I'm going to get you just like, oh, gee, I'm going to get you.
I'm just going to sit here. You're not going to have any idea how long I can I can sit here and wait a long time, Mr.
Yeah, believe you me. I'm very good at that.
I'm very good at that. I'm just staring out the window. It's a beautiful day by the way. The sun shining. It looks really like a nice inviting place for a nice lunch in a few minutes.
About seven to be exact. Who's counting?
But holy to lead. Oh, what a bunch of rapers. That's what we have a QN man. Rape. No wonder most talking about rape all the time because it's a play.
It's a rape place like it says in it. Sign on the wall right to your right. Just give us the F and money. That's all.
That's our message to all of our clients. Just give us the F and money. Like I was talking about yesterday, the client feedback sheets and they looked at that.
And they looked at me like I was like I was a crazy person. Are you out of your mind?
If you want to know if the clients are getting results from your show, I mean, you must be a crazy person.
We don't play that game here at QAM. Like the day that we had the threat of that hurricane and Brian Northcross was on their hyperventilating and screwing it.
And I'm desperately asking, well, we're doing these spots, but are some of these people like open today or these restaurants open?
I mean, you know, because Mayor Pingafakini was on the years screaming in the end. Everybody should like batting down the hatches.
But I was the hurricane that went up to Palm Beach and never hit a couple of years ago.
What I was. And meanwhile behind our back, Scrooan was telling the sales department, oh, don't call your clients because then they'll cancel their spots today.
Remember that? Of course I did. Like it was yesterday.
Just give us the money. We don't care if you're going to do any business today or not. We don't care if your spots are going to be effective or not.
Well, you just got a contract there. Give us the F and money and that's it. Hand it over, man. It's like a stick up.
You know what they, well, you know those things that they put on the wall called stick up, the clear the stench. That's what it is.
There's a stench of stick up. This is a good place for a stick up.
So all you people listen like I said before when I said freeze, it's a stick up. Okay. Yeah. Right through your goddamn speaker.
Man, am I worked up about that goddamn bogus thing with that Scrooan and Miguel and Doreen. Scrooan wasn't even involved in it.
Unless she probably was. She probably had her finger in it. Can you imagine? Oh, I didn't know about it.
155 and 560. QN by now you've been here to talk about laminated to rust and how laminated wood flooring from laminated to rust is the easy to smart, low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring, which is nice, but mighty expensive laminated to rust is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from peridore per go.
Well, sonar Unifluor and quick step. They've got all the top names all installed by per go certified in dollars. Here's another smart reason to call laminated to rust. Their prices are so low, it'll floore you right now.
Get their September kickoff special for just 1995 bucks. That's right. Just 1995 gets you the 380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring. Unbelievable.
And laminated to rust will match any legitimate written offer to for a free and home estimate. Call laminated to rust toll free and tell me that old cranky neil to do to call 1 8777773336.
What could be easier? They give you free carpet disposal free furniture moving at 25 year warranty and years and eons of beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring. Call laminated to rust today.
Call laminated to rust today. It's the smart thing to do call 1 877773336.
5. The local. This is 560. The radio is on your side.
You win.
WQM. Go fuck yourself.
It's the video too hot for TV. Freeze. Go on wild. Find out what these wild men of the club do when they loosen their collars.
It's wild wild wild. See, Francisans vigorously anointing their flock. Not a Dominican's fronting in an after hours bingo boiler. It's all on Freeze Gone Wild.
Freeze Gone Wild is hot as barely illegal seminary students. Barter Rosary beads at Marty Gra. Don't delay order today. Freeze Gone Wild. Order now and receive the bonus video.
Seminary slots. They're young. They're hot and they're sharing a steamy son of operators are standing by. So order now to order Freeze Gone Wild.
Have your credit card handy and call 1 800 ultra boy. May not be suitable for children over 15.
OK, here's the deal on the pool. Best fast food chain Wendy's 166 Taco Bell 72. Quiz us 48. Stay can shake 35 McDonald's 33.
Arby's 30. Kentucky price here in 24. Sonic 20 subway 20. Burger King 18 and downhill from there. And by the way, Doreen.
Miguel says he wouldn't do it with Georgia. Bye bye.
I'm going to watch a show on Fives and the Union QAF. My name is for my day. Go fuck your behind. Go back behind it again or under it.
