I mean I do know how a little you fit into this place first of all you're not a Jew and you're skinny
Yeah, right off the bat you got too big stress against you. I'm surprised
I can't believe how many people come into your office and and you actually do a good show. So I don't you belong
I can't have no what's that what is Howard's pole now my last place though?
They shut out how it's pulled because what once you passed them they shut it off to prevent me
The only Paul that ever mattered and now here's all Rogers on
160
I hope he dies in a fiery car. I just brushed that with my finger now
What would you do if your mom named you Sheldon kill myself? I mean I killed mom first
Yes, I'm guy doing the track. Hey my name the traffic. I didn't show them I
I cut my feet off and I'd become a frog can I answer the first question before you get out of the next one?
God this man is a little bit too hyper for me this I am
I'm on coffee here that I like it. I want to tell the audience one thing
They think there were a bunch of pigs. I have never I have seen this man in a flesh for an hour and forty minutes
I have never seen anybody consume so much food even the beast in an hour forty minutes as you have I go into your
Office for two things the pharmacy that's run out of it right and the food
I mean
Into the right place for both baby. That is the best pharmacy. I've been to a second kid from the U.M
Learned it's right. John's time. We got Neil's chow and drugs. I call it Gypsy Hill pharmacy
Yeah, I mean I am telling you I have never had I'm more fun and I have radio studio my life is
When I go it's like walking into a garden of Eden when I walk into your suit
I walk into the one over here they got boogers on the mic. Yeah garden garden of Eden is what we got we got
Hands we got syphilis. Did you see the beast as Climidia? Yeah, he got I read on a tip of his nose from somebody's
Recktoe I'm here and some day want to make him clearance had a good Omaha and it wasn't to go to the world series
Yeah, I got a specialist stuff so you spent the weekend with some chick with a dang cave. Yeah, I
Spent the weekend with a chick with a penis is what I heard hang out on that lovely
No, I'm gonna drive home. I'm gonna leave in your Corvette baby
Yeah, I'm out of here. What did you do to piss off Mo so bad?
Was it something ahead to with his hair piece? It was that call a Joe over the weekend. Oh, I have no idea
All I know is that those guys I don't know who hates who more in this place. I mean I've never seen so much
Hey, I walked through here. I feel like I met a I met the gap rate in Chicago
People throwing a you wonder why I'm here so little bit of the time. I know how smart you are you don't for me cleverness
You got it all figured out and I'm going back with you to Toronto. We can both live up there
We'll be styling. That's a great city down here in sweat hell
Have a great day for health. Have a Haitian day. See ya
I
Mark Morgan now here's Neil Rogers on 560 Q8M
I'm gonna give you an update of what took place just now off the air because I think it's important to hear this
Howard just called the radio station Howard David who I get along with great. I thought
He called me an asshole
Saying I was trying to stir it up my point back to Howard is don't listen listen to 101.5
Let me see what age group 101.5 for Howard. Maybe 102.7
Some easily listening love music so you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids
Instead of listening and always calling the radio station. He's becoming Howard the caller like Howard from Boca Howard from Boca
It's like you know, it's okay
So anyway, he's he's listening so just wanted to get the message out and don't call my show to just for a record
Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you and
I don't want to hear you on the private line congratulations. You know the private line number
That's great, but don't call because you're not coming on this show. You got you've got your three hours five to eight
Monday through Friday you can talk all you want but you're not coming on this show
No leave it at that
All right, I got nothing against you. You seem like a decent person and
I know you've been getting a taken a big hit on the radio station from everybody else, but it's over me and you done
Now who now was that that he was talking to
Huh that got him so pissed Howard from Boca. Oh
10.05 at 5.60 WQM happy Monday to him boy everything is just seem to be falling apart here
Everybody hates each other like poison
Everybody's turn on each other
Now how many times does he call Joe show about third man to piss him off so bad
See I like I've tried to tell you before people who play a lot of golf board board Schmittless and
That's why I mean when you're a daughtering old man and you're sitting around working on a radio station
Listening to the station all day and all weekend and all night and overnight and taping crap
You have a desperate lack of a life you're on Sanmo. No, but you better get with it in
Edition which everybody hates you like poison I walked in here feeling pretty good. I'm only here for a few days
I figured well I can handle it
First thing I see went open door there's gildy stand there look like somebody just crap done his parade man like somebody just killed his gerbil
Like somebody just give him a civic cat
Huh and a prairie dog as a companion. No really he looked devastated and then I open a door come on in
I realize there's most standing in Duff's orifice
Can you imagine the waiting the long waiting liner is for Duff's or office?
But at any rate so there's most standing there. He looks like oh good morning needle. Hey, how are you?
You know that's kind of like phony a hello phony greeting like we both hate each other's guts
And we know of at least be a little bit civilized
But I was totally unsuspecting I didn't realize we had all this other crap going on here
All this tremendous hate
Because I've been away for a couple of months feeling great. Oh there's Zach by the way look out for Zach man
When you lose some guy damn weight you tub of crap
Feel I don't know go away go away cancel lunch go away. Oh, man put your shirt back down
Holy crap have you ever seen anything so gross?
Seriously, he's got cellulite. He's got enough cellulite on his poopy to make another person
That's how fat he was in his navel. Jesus Christ
Zach lose some weight when you're for cried out loud at least we got we lost who we always a good guy a good friend of ours
Did a great job, but now we got at least we narrowed that down a little bit with Jimmy Alton
We dropped about a hundred pounds and have her wait. Yeah
Although you could lose that ponytail you out, okay? That thing is ridiculous. That's about ten pounds
Yeah, that's the other ten pounds is that stupid ass ponytail
Oh, what is the story in that last hour? We're working on is that it?
That is it that's the allot for last hour. We got some very bad news for your boys and girls
Two minute breaks though. What do you mean by that? Let's you want to look something together?
Why don't you about we'll do a we'll do best does or some or what we'll do is we'll play that Joe Rosling over and over again
I think that's a great idea as a lead in for the of a hurricane game
Now what are the odds? Here's the bad news. What are the odds that Texas and a South Florida team?
Play twice on the same night and
And the score the Texas team wins
13 to two in
Both games what are the odds of that?
Huh see what I'm saying
Texas Rangers 13 Florida Marlins two and on the same night the Texas Longhorns 13 and you have em Heracun's two
Whoo, so the bad news is we've been given a bum steer. We're pretty pissed off at deaf about it too
Although deaf did see a good movie over the weekend. We're not talking movies
He saw a record movie a weekend. I have a facts here from somebody didn't like record well too bad your taste blows
Even though it's a good facts
So we got the ball game at two o'clock now one o'clock. We thought we're getting like an hour in fact
I put a hex on her coons specifically
In fact, I put the fix it on a 13 to two score
Specifically so we'd have the hour off today and we don't get it damn it
But the mad dog who of course we knows over work. He gets the show off today and the Humper also gets the show off
So they took a pull unbeknownst to us this started Friday morning. Is that what you tell me? Yes on a QAM website
Which you could put in a phone booth enough people more people than ever check the QAM website
It's pretty embarrassing although we do like their a staff
Huh Josh what's his name?
Cordless. Yes. Good man
Come on up and say hi Josh or at least you know
So no at any rate they work very hard
But nobody pays any attention to it because sports nerds are too busy playing golf and playing with each other and watching most hairpiece on our website
We're calling the radio station or calling your radio station. But no that's mode. That's doing that
So they had a pool. What's your favorite show on QAM now keep in mind?
We're not talking about our website. We would never do that because that would be so self-serving to do that
You know be very self-serving, but I'll say this I
Think it's pretty bush league for them to take that down before we had a chance to hype it like certain other people on his radio station
Follow on sand
But I told Ferrell to hype it a little bit just to make them sure that there's my close personal best friend
But at any rate
What do you give me a look? I'm looking what's your favorite show on QAM is what they asked and we didn't get a chance to
Allowed to pull now we got a gotten you some votes on there
256 votes they got you got to be kidding me man 200 we could get that between now and 10 30
Okay, in fact, you know what we're gonna do I already I already printed this up. Let's do the same pool
Let's flood our website, okay? Huh? We're gonna flex our muscle. Yeah, let's flex our thing a little bit. Okay?
There you go. We flexed it
We'll take exactly the same pool call up Eric beener boy call him up get that tub of crap on a phone
Wake him up turn his ass over
What's your favorite show on QAM now may sound a little bit self-serving now?
Here's what they had on the QAM website wait till you're this
Neil Rogers 74 votes 29.1 percent. This is without us having any chance being made aware of this okay to give them a competitive advantage
The sports nerds, you know
Jim managed the mad dog he did well. All right
2% 49 votes Joe and Mark who I'm sure hyped to live and crap out of it all the way to minute. What could they have done that?
last night
That's right because they're on Sunday night I guarantee you they loaded this thing up like crazy both their listeners
Votes Joe and Mark 41 votes, which means somebody voted 20 times 16.1 percent for Ralph
40 votes 15.7 percent for Ralph's right on Joe and Mark's ass
Moe who I understand had like fractions early this morning and then went on there and pumped a hell out of it like crazy
Moe has got 34 votes 13.3 percent within a normal samadhi piping on her
Hank 10 votes for the Humper 3.9 percent well it's been a rough year. He's in a slump and Eddie K 2.3 percent since the ducks lost that seventh game
Eddie hasn't been the same six votes for the the K-man
I better do the break and I because I'll back myself into a corner again here and then we'll have all those spots in that one
I don't understand why she can't stick to oh I see that's right. They're not buying that they part
There's two n three minute breaks. It's uh, it's fine. It's okay. It's acceptable
So anyway, you got the pull now. Yeah, what it is? Are you pulling it? He's pulling this pull
Right now he and Eric are pulling it right on the phone. They're got like a taffy pull going
And we'll do the same pull on here for like about uh, what till like 10 45 from about a half an hour
And see if we can't top that 256 votes that they got all weekend long on the prestigious QM website that has a whole staff of people
Not not just Carlos not just being a boy and Eric who's up there eating the slummy sandwiches
They got a whole bunch of people
What's on that website? What are you looking at now or you want to pull thing or is
How low can they go that's the question of the day now the financial group does the limbo rock under the lowest finance straight
Anywhere going how low 1.95 percent that's right. I got to see Todd direct this morning
Still smells the same
But anyway, it's true now you can refinance your home or buy a new home and get a super low
1.95% financing rate with financial group column today
What do you got to lose beside those big payments?
Call 1-800-940-N that's 1-800-940-LND if you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate
Call financial group toll free 1-800-940-N and you talk about savings when and doubt check this out
If you take out a hundred thousand dollar loan at this rate you pay only 368 a month
If you take a two hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are only 736 a month
Call financial group toll free right now
1-800-940-N and get you the low low rate you've been looking for for a lifetime
1.95 percent
Interest rates as we speak are at all time low
So don't wait call now and get that 1.95 percent rate from financial group
1-800-940-N that's financial group at 1-800-940-LND the Renequal Housing Letter
Credit restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR
Hey, it's Alan
Alan Day that go fuck your behind go back behind it again or under it
Another
I could not stop scratching my swollen throat
A diaper for my wee wee
Grabbing every banana that I see
Like a bad food in the trees
There's no cure for this new designer disease going
1017 at 560 WQ and boy sure it's great to be back in town briefly not it just sucks here. Yeah
Get to the airport yesterday. There's my buddy. By the way, thanks to my good friend Ken Halper and an actual limo
He's a great guy although he's a skinhead now
He was a couple minutes late because they slowed him down getting in there
And I'm standing there like tapping my foot waiting waiting where the hell is this idiot and uh he come
He comes down the uh whatever you call that
What would you call that ramp dumb not the ramp he's not coming back to the gate
But he's got coming down the hallway there and I wasn't sure was him because he's like a skinhead now
He's skinted
But uh so I'm speaking of the ramp we're approaching the town and right away
Here's all the dark clouds and it's pouring cats and dogs
I leave Toronto with sunny. It's gonna be 75 or 6 which it was yesterday
And all we could's gonna be like that up there and here it's just raining like the end of the world
And you get off the plane and you walk into that jetway and I've toured you this a million times
And at least we're consistent here
You walk into the jetway and it's like you just walk into a sauna bath
Like if you'll need to just strip naked
It's just hotter and hell a humid nasty
And I will say some good news at the airport
Somebody must have smeared the mayor I mean somebody pretty good
No seriously mayor pingo picania he must have some real uh cash cows coming in
You got a burger king and you got a pizza hot express
All right back there and uh
Concourse G there by your Canada
Oh, by the way, how do my good friends in your Canada?
I hope you're all still employed I pray for you
You'll need it
And they got also a new Kazoole's in there too
In the main terminal earth at mia we're making progress baby. It's almost like a real airport now
Oh, why did you go to for Lauderdale?
I like going to like an almost real airport
For Lauderdale, let me use like Mickey Mouse
You know what I'm saying?
No what and see I don't-
I snore!
There it is
Larry in North Miami says what's the big deal with QM bringing Farrell on board for years QM's
Had his voice at their feet in the water Nazi
Actually, you might want to do a thorough background check on Farrell
It could be Greg Reeds and the water Nazis love child
By the way, has anybody noticed since Farrell is joining QM that the two pompist
A leaders in the morning have lightened up a little bit
They might not be getting along with each other
But they've changed their note all attitude to their handful of colors
They're not getting along with each other
So you know and more see this is the thing I don't understand
Why can't he face up to reality the moment
Always lies, always liar, liar, or pants are on fire
I always got to lie about crap
The fact of the matter, oh the poll is up already
The fact of the merits for a simple mole
That Geltie is starting to be like he was the last holdout and now he's starting to turn on him
Because he can't take any more of that pompist that condescending crap
And Binaw Boy was the first one to notice the nuances of this a few weeks ago
I started mentioning it
And now it's like there's almost a war of battle going on in there between the two of them
So Joe was I guess just mentioning that in passing
Right, everyone has
Everybody in the building is aware of it
And so Moe is calling in
He's got a straight now just like that thing with a beast
He didn't fire the beast
Where'd you get there for?
Of course he did
You got him on a kicked off your show
Good move by the way Mo
But you got him blown off your show
Okay, let's see I'm gonna vote
Let's see my favorite show on QAM
Howard and
Well look at that we even put Howard in Goldie
As opposed to just Howard Davided
To try to give him like a little extra chance there
It's not working yet, but why I'm clicking it I'm clicking not working yet Eric
I'm telling the audience that the poll is up and I'm clicking on it nothing is happening
You fat tub what is wrong with him up there
He sure got that on there pretty fast for him
But it's not working
You think maybe everybody else is voting that could be it
Huh?
Or something
We're gonna show my good friend Josh down here in the QAM website and his little look of cool
He's got down here
We're gonna show him what it's really like on a real website
Where we hit over 1500 votes on a poll on a weekend
Plus the first 400 Friday those first two hours
And who's got the crappiest parents if you recall that remember that
Yes
I don't know what's happening on this do you think everybody is voting on it now or something
Now what did I just start the show with okay? You're right about the facts
Who's the fact is he getting his bad is the colors getting I'm in the just now
I just get through opening the show with that Joe Roast thing that tirade about the votes are on already
Look at that there's 44 votes already. I I got it here just calm down. Okay. I'm not repeating anything
Yeah, shut up Carlos you troublemaker you're the one that started all that crap with guilty in the
Moe they were getting along great and then you make a bunch of crap up
42 votes. I got in here. That's good enough for a start your favorite show on QAM
You arrived your show 32 for L6 mad dog 2 how would a guilty one Hank one Joe and mark none 80k none. Okay
That's always going so far. We got the 76 percent. I mean it's a little self-serving
And we're not really doing it for that purpose
We're doing it just to show you what a real radio show gets in terms of response on our website Neil Rogers calm
Okay, we can get 256 by 1045 easy easy
In less than a half an hour Josh okay, so who you guys did a wood down there and at the little orifice yours huh?
Who are they did them with I guess each other
Who else is in there who's working with Josh? He's working at a cubicle like an empty sales cubicle
All by himself
Don't you remember in the room where Duff now shits his his well-used ass
Don't you remember in at studio in that room? That's where they were they we used to have a whole staff of QAM
Computer nerds and then they finally realized that nobody pays any attention to a sports website anyway
Because most of the sports nerds are too stupid to go to the internet anyway
They're in the other most of the sports callers have to have somebody else dial the phone
Like I was so stupid
Are you starting it with Mo again? I didn't I wasn't even thinking about him
He's been around 70 80 years. He knows how to dial a god day worry
He's even got the inside line. How do you like that? Aren't you impressed? No
He's got the inside line he can get right through any god dan tani wants
When let's see how's the man gonna survive in this market if everyone has contempt from including subtle press
Yeah, see that's the thing about Joe Rose. He is a little bit of a backstabber
I've told you that for years, but Joe's a good guy
And everybody gets along with Joe don't they yeah
Don't they I think so while everybody up till now
I don't know anybody since the day that we came to this station who's ever said oh that Joe Rose is an asshole
No, it's ever said that ever Joe is just and laid back easy
What you get is what you feel feel you got yeah
A little bit of a backstabber, but no he's a good guy
And when Joe Rose has just had his spill and just won't put up with your bullcraft anymore
Then you know and I've been trying to tell the audience that how many months now 16 17 long podwards god damn us
I've been telling you people
Oh, it's gotta be stick me. Oh, it's just gotta be stick. Well stick wherever the hell you want. Okay, stick it
Get up
Let's say favorite Joe on QAM that's our question the first question
69 for Neil Rogers show for L10 mad dog 3 the hoppers got to Joe and mark one who loaded up that thing shamelessly
I'm sure this morning. That's okay. They're good guys. How are you in Goldie 1 and indicate?
Don't have any 86 votes. So let's see the thing has been up there about what seven or eight minutes
All right
We're that's the goal to beat that 256 by 10 45 do think we can do it. Yes
a lot of pressure doesn't blow a lot of pressure
Don't forget we got the hercones and a girls team southwest Missouri state
At two this afternoon of course, it's a double-legged in lunation tournament record breaking crowd off there
It wasn't by a stadium in Omaha 26,000 people plus Saturday
To watch the hercones get pounded by the Texas Longhorn's 13 to two. How embarrassing? I performed a sensory ritual for nothing
How degrading well, what do you mean by that? Yeah, we thought we were getting the one to two hour off
They lied to us. They lied to me just so I'd come back here
I got my maracas out and my goat blood
It sure was great seeing most of the people here this morning separate Todd direct don't ever come back here again
Okay, you're an idiot
Even for all it who's only been here five weeks even he's on him already said it's too occasion
He said his two kids are a real pain in the ass. They're out of control. They're like evil. They're like the demon seed
His girlfriend wants to beat Todd up
And probably could she probably just step on him
Squash him like a nut
Let's
Refresh this thing again. I got to get used to this computer again
We're not talking about movies by the way. I will give you the results from the pull we took over the weekend
And then we're not for the next 14 shows. I'm not talking about movies
One of their their pissed off about
Although duff did watch Requiem for DREAM over the weekend and loved it
In fact, he said it was so good and inspired him to pop a whole bunch of different colored pills
I bet you they were like rainbow colors
See the big thing they had in key West look at this that this thing is loaded so heavy now with votes that air
I can't get on it now. Are you getting on it?
now see
Because we've got the power baby on this show
Who gonna howl you people kid new sports? I mean, you know, we love for real in fact
Let's face it. We like everybody. We love mandates. We love Hank. We love Joe Rose
Eddie Kaye Eddie Kaye is a wonderful guy. One of the nicest people he'll ever meet. We love the big oh
We don't belong on the air. He's a good guy. Joe and Mark are good. We love yoli girl. He's not too bad
Even though he loves everybody else's job
But why would you blame him for wanting everybody else's job when you've been forced into a position of insecurity?
Because you're on a show that keeps getting pushed back into the middle of the night with a doddering old calm that it's hated by all
Even scruan winnick the anxious scruan. She doesn't even like his back anymore
Oh, she said his back is grotesque. It's hairy. It looks like Ron Jeremy on a bad day. That's what she said
That's what she told me this morning
She was introducing all kinds of new sales people by the way you knew sales people are 40 of you
Come through since I was here two months ago. Good luck to you. You'll need it
It's always you see the the fresh bright looking their eyes when they first start here
Then you know a couple of weeks they realize what this place is all about and they say oh my god
Like our good friend scotch warts
121 votes were almost halfway there in just a few minutes
How do you like that Josh?
By the way if we beat the 256 Josh shows me big time
What what are you laughing about you know what I'm talking about? No, that that would be sexual harassment
When you're talking about that would be very bad. I'm not stupid enough to do that. I'm not talking about sex
I'm talking about companionship
Let's see neo-rodger show 98
Forl 12
Mad dog 5 the Humper 4
Joe and mark one how were the goldie one and Eddie Kaplan none how were the galley one?
That's 0.8 percent that's starting to look like most ratings
Pretty pretty no wonder he's pissed off we had that fire in his eyes this morning
Although I didn't notice he was standing in front of Duff and just like that picture that squirrel squirrely mo
We had his balls were swinging from side to side. I was very impressed by that
Huh did you notice that?
Old pendulum nut smoke
Oh can't stand being here
1027 at 560 WQ and by night I've been hearing us talk about a great place called laminates
Aras and how laminate wood flooring from laminates rs is the easy low maintenance smart alternative to natural expensive wood flooring
Laminates rs is the best place for you to find laminated wood flooring from all the top
Makers brand whatever they are peridore per go wilson art uniflorand quick step they've got all the top names
All installed by per go with certified installers
Here's another reason you ought to be called laminates rs their prices will floor you
And that's not just to play on words either right now you can get their summer special for just
1,995 bucks you can get up to 380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring it is absolutely
Unbelieveable laminates rs will match any legitimate written offer to for a free and home estimate call laminates rs toll free
1 877
777 33 36 what could be easier free carpet disposal free furniture moving to 25 year warranty and years and years of
Beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring call laminates rs today toll free tummy old man toy to call
1 877 777 33 36
And alive
560 wq am is relieved to present the forl and guilty show
That's a little bit better in here not at all
Yeah, I don't have to bring a towel to light the chair off no more
I didn't say it was that voice all day look at the talking my voice don't know he sound like that
Now this this is my voice I'm not putting you on every day. I wake up sound in the same way
Hey, your voice it's
Oh
Like I was saying
You want to change your voice yeah, I want to grab leave when I see you how long you gotta do is grab your balls like
I already need you to find
I
I'm going to do it!
I'm going to do it!
I'm going to do it!
I'm going to do it!
So let me ask you, what are we going to do with a grumpy old man like Moe?
If I dump the bitch right now...
10.33 at 5.60 W.A.C.A.M.
188 votes, come on, we can do it.
This is pressure.
I never realized I'd come back with so much pressure the first hour.
We got 12 minutes and we need...
We got 188 last time I checked.
What do you got?
Mr. Computer Wizard, because you're probably ahead of me.
He's got naked pictures in front of him.
Oh that's right, we're doing our website.
We're doing at the Hot Couples Contest deadline today.
Is he really got naked pictures?
Well, we're close to it.
One or two or something.
Don't forget today, sometime by the end of the show,
we'll have the pictures up all the contestants for our Hot Couples Contest number three.
And then you'll have a whole week till next Monday, 2 of Onam.
192.
That's what I got.
192 votes, which means we need 64 in the next 11 minutes.
Oh, what are you doing now?
Mr. Eddie?
Is he Mr. Eddie?
192 votes, what's your...
And again, I'm not doing this to be self-serving
because anybody can go on their own show and say,
hey, what's your deal?
I mean, that's, that's, that's, assing on.
We're just doing it to prove a point in terms of the QM website,
which, and you know, you did, I have to admit,
you made a valid point last week.
And I resisted it because it's negative.
And I try to be Mr. Positive,
whereas you, because you do a lot of drugs,
you can handle an activity better than I can.
Because then I turn to eating.
No, seriously, but you, when you talk about the website,
here we got thanks to Beener Boy,
who has done a magnificent job
in turning around a dying, craggie website,
and turned it into one of the best in the history of mankind.
I mean, where else can you see Mo, how are David and would swing in nuts
than on our website, huh?
No, where I though?
Where can you see Mo, Morphe and Amozzo the Clown?
No place else in the world, most house.
Or you can hear Mo, Morphe, into a clown money,
prize call, down on a Joe Roe show.
I don't blame Joe.
You know something seriously,
Joe Roe's has got a big peer.
I don't care what mad dog used to tell us about
when he, when they were in a showers together,
which was amazing because they never played football together.
But, you know, mad dog used to tell stories about
when they took showers together.
I guess it's an old, ex-dalpen thing, you know?
They all gather around and take showers together.
It's a joke thing.
Tradition. Right.
And he's the oboe, that's Joe Roe's.
He's got the tiniest pair of mixed jelly,
look like elephant balls.
But it come to find out Joe's got one of the biggest
pairs in the whole building.
Nice going, Joe.
We love you.
Okay, let's refresh this again and get on,
because I still got to give the results from this thing
and before we know it will be one o'clock.
If we don't break the 250, what?
Oh, are we doing something special that wanted two hour
because we thought we were going to be on?
Yeah, leave it.
I'll be playing with that.
That sounds good.
George has some hot drug deals right around a corner or one.
So if there's any of his customers waiting,
he might be a little bit late today.
He can always send Carlos out.
He knows where to find the way to prep.
No, don't send him out, because the car will be over.
I'll never come back.
He's, I've never, you know, he does great work on a website.
But other than that, I can't say too much for him.
Because he's got the worst life of anybody I've ever seen in my
every damn thing he does is it is astray.
If he got up right now, walk to the door.
He'd something would fall from,
frogs would fall from the events and start landing on his head.
I'm telling you.
This thing is just not reloading because there's such an overload on his damn thing.
I don't want to get Josh up, say Josh likes us anyway.
What else is his name again?
Cortus.
Cortus?
I thought Cortus was in Tampa, WSUN.
Remember Cortus?
No.
Yeah, you do.
Cortus.
Oh, well, same thing.
Josh, Cortus.
Here we go.
I think it might just, I got two green bars on there.
It's thinking about doing something.
How many you got?
Is your thing recycling?
It's slow.
It's slow because it's a heavy load, man.
I think you're pardoned.
No, it's just slow because there's a heavy load.
Okay, let me go out while we're waiting on that.
Audience is interested in why sitting here and looking at something.
Let's see, this facts.
I've had so many facts about that thing,
which we'll play it again about a whole bunch of times.
The thing about Joe Rose going ballistic because Moke called in.
About 30,000.
We'll play a bunch of times.
But don't keep facts in me.
Tell me about it because believe me,
I may not have been back in town long,
but didn't take me long to find out about this.
I hadn't even got the seat war in my ass out of this morning.
I got 15 people.
How would you hear what happened?
You know, it's the talk of the station.
Also, this facts who says,
I don't want to turn this in a way.
Let's rip Howard's show, but they did anyway.
Well, George said it wasn't that much of it.
You call us could have done a lot better, but that's always the case.
Look at it.
Look at the calls we're getting here this morning already.
QAM.
I'll please play that Joe thing again.
Okay.
Amazing.
Okay.
There's not welcome back to town.
Neil, it's nice to have you back.
You sound great.
You sound refreshed and happy.
And how do you like the crappy weather and the humidity and the heat and the, you know, not that.
I can't get through on this.
Can you?
He can.
What do you got?
226.
226.
226.
That means we need, you know what I mean?
We need before.
About 30 minutes.
Yeah.
Exactly.
In the next seven minutes, we want to have that clock, that ticking.
We have to have that ticking thing going.
Not yet though.
We need to get to 25th.
And then of course we get some kind of a prize like the one of two thirty.
No.
Duff said if we get to be 256 by ten forty five, we get to go home at one.
That's what he said.
Did he say that?
I'm sure I heard him say that.
He muttered something under his breath.
My mind just won't even show up again on here.
Because there's such a load on there.
We only need seventeen, eighteen to break it.
Seventeen to tie.
And we got seven.
It's not even a contest now.
Friday we asked the worst acting performance ever in a movie was.
And Shaqil O'Neal makes them a squail in Kazam.
First of all, I never even heard of that movie.
Did you?
Oh yeah.
You did?
It was every once in a while it was like some jock.
They'll give them a movie to make them some more money.
I understand that.
But I never heard of that movie.
No one ever sought the kids.
Somebody did.
210 people said it's the worst acting performance ever.
210.
So Fiya Coppa, a godfather three, I thought she'd win by the time.
Fiya knows but she lost by her.
177.
Dan Moreno, who was the late entered but Danny Boy did very well.
Ace Ventura pet detective 96 votes.
They love your football.
They love your arm.
But they can't stand two things Danny.
You're acting in those strange lips.
Vod Derek 68.
Mariah Carey, all that glitter's anchored.
I guess 66 votes for Mariah.
They pariah of life.
Slice the lone rhinestone tied with OJ and towering in Ferno's 60.
60 a piece.
Elizabeth Berkeley, showgirl's 50.
Okay, here what do we got?
Take a look.
It finally came up on here.
245.
Oh my god, are we getting close?
We're only 12 away from busting through that total.
What's your favorite show on QAM?
Neo Roger show 190.
Ferelle 23.
Mandage 17.
The Humper 7.
Joanne Mark III.
Eddie K. III.
That's bad.
Eddie K. has got three and look who's in last place.
Mo and Gildi have a pair.
I thought just by himself Mo had a swing in pair.
But evidently not enough to make it the favorite show on this.
They hate you Mo.
So now it's not a way inside the building, but it's also outside the building.
Who was it that was saying to me use that expression?
He's not well liked.
Who was it that said that today?
No, no on the phone.
Joe?
Joe, it was your castellos.
He's not well liked.
I said you mean inside.
He said no like anywhere.
What is it with you?
Mo, why is it your whole life about pissing people off and making them hate you like poison?
Is that what it's all about?
Oh god.
I don't understand that.
How could you have a clean sweep?
How could you not have anybody in a building like you?
I think on the next change I think we like hop over the top.
You have little faith.
They didn't think we could do it.
Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and a heavy hype job by Mo and then for a little bit because I told him to do this morning.
So that he would pass Mo, which he did.
But they get 256 votes total on the highly touted QAM sports.
They're a winner in the website.
Oh my god.
Who now?
Are you people kidding?
And what involved the old Wayne?
It's the only thing ever agreed with that Wayne Hyping about.
And by the way, you people that are pissed off about your censored videos at Blockbuster.
He don't have anything to do with Blockbuster anymore, but hate him anyway for it.
Because you know, it's the memory of Wayne Linguranah that kind of fascist Nazi Wayne thing.
We did it.
We did it with four minutes to see there.
Whoo!
I... I... I... Yeah, what do you got to say for yourself Mo?
D-D-Doy.
Even though he hyped himself all morning long.
I heard him plug at it.
And then he's talking about, oh, vote for Dicency and the greatness and girl need a ho ho ho.
Yeah, trying to hype people to get on it.
Gell, his name wasn't even on the QAM pool.
To share what small potatoes he was.
Okay, let's go. Let's go.
This thing won't come up on here.
How many do you got?
263.
263.
So we'll just leave this on here and then we'll put the other pool up.
Which is not going to be too thrilled with anyway, but it's that time of the year.
Nice coming back when the kids are out of school. There's almost no traffic out there.
Everybody with any money and a brain has bailed out of this place.
Well, let's see. George and Carlos are still here. They don't have any money.
Right.
I'm here, but only for a few days.
Buh-uh-uh.
Some of the people here are because they have to work here, right?
For Raleas here, because he hasn't been here long enough to hit it yet.
But he's got the life around to go and he's got a drug dealer and a food supplier in here all morning long to keep him happy.
He's getting himself a condo on South Beach.
Do you hear that?
Right. Pen House.
A penthouse. Not just a condo, but a penthouse.
He's getting a Cadillac.
None of the Cadillac dealers know it yet, but he's going to get him a trade.
No, he'll get a deal.
Yeah, because this is not a guy that takes no financial.
You can tell that he doesn't take more for an answer.
I better do the break because sooner or later, don't let me forget to give the rest of the results on this phone.
On this movie pool.
We don't want to watch it movies though.
Because I think we lost a lot of the audience with about three or four weeks of movie talk they hated it.
I liked it.
And you notice how many other people even started building?
Oh, I saw this movie. I saw a record.
Yeah, because we did a lot of good things for a lot of people.
That's why the audience hated it.
They don't like that.
They like negativity.
They like calling it an bitching people like Mo out a lot bad.
Well, here we go.
I better do the break.
And then I'll give you the number.
Guess who's bringing us lunch today?
And yes, I am eating today because I feel like not tomorrow because I'm going to Mommy's house for lunch tomorrow.
Keep that in mind.
So plan yourself accordingly.
But Jeff Cohen from Pizza Loft is going to bring us some chow.
Jeff, our guarantee is still doing the same great thing.
He chopped off the ponytail and since then the business has been like triple.
Have you noticed that?
Remember he told you he was like, because they don't want to see that schmutzie ponytail.
You know, when you go into a fine restaurant with really good food and low prices and nice friendly people,
you don't want to see the owner waltz and around with a nasty ponytail because you start conjuring up like, you know,
hair in the soup, hair in the lasagna, right?
Hair on the back like Mo like a screw amus bitching about this more.
She said he's got more hair on his back than JP's got on his whole body.
How's JP doing by the way?
Total.
Anyway, Pizza Loft has some great stuff for it.
They got all your Italian favorites.
They got chicken and veal, seafood, three different kinds of great pizza.
They got calzone, super subs.
All your favorite Italian dishes and the best garlic rolls you've ever popped in your big puss.
Every Monday night like tonight's lasagna night at the loft two days egg plant night.
Buy one of these dinners on these nights, get the second one for only five bucks.
Every Wednesday kids eat free with adults.
They can see Jeff famous magic show put on a real thing for them.
And every Thursday night is bite night at the loft.
Come on a motorcycle.
Buy one dinner, get the second for half price.
I have to ask for a rhythm.
Our favorite came on a motorcycle.
And of course, for take out delivery and for catering in the day,
be called a pizza loft at the original brow location,
9.5.4.916.8880.
It's on university between Griffin Road and this and 5.95 right behind here when imports kitty corner of the new armory to look.
9.5.4.916.8880.
And the same great deals and food waiting for you in plantation now.
At the corner of Navhil and sunrise, right behind Walgreens.
9.5.4.3.8.2.1999.
3.8.2.1999.
After all these years in town, the world famous pizza loft just keeps on getting better.
Buy one and local.
Here's sports radio 560.
Thank you and you are here.
I'm not here with you.
I can't believe you want to bury the ass like it.
Each one had enough of writing and all of the money checks.
But don't you know that there have been an athlete so free when a whole little baby is already buried some mad teen.
Yeah.
Well, he is honky.
My love honky.
So just believe us alone.
Because we're good about him.
I am not here.
We're good.
He loves being my brother.
We're so good.
I want that I bring up.
Because he makes more than me.
Right, then the giant of so glad.
There's a real dead girl just another Christmas.
Just shut your mouth, you're making me mad.
Just like his movies, his marriage will be bad.
But I don't want to be alone.
Jesus will you keep your promise and just be that boy alone.
Now we both want to get in.
We'll give a word on just fine.
1048 to 560.
Here's a nice back from Steve.
This is the usual soft photo.
Welcome back.
Neil, if I looked like you, I would never talk about the appearance of anyone else.
You with your bulging eyes and fat as a tub.
Thanks, Steve.
And have a nice day too, asshole.
See, but at least I'm honest about it.
I'm as ugly as sin and I admit it.
And I don't put on any like false accoutrements like muskwrets on a head or a civic cat or all of these things.
You don't walk around with checkered pants, trying to impress everybody, snapping my varicose veins.
I don't do those things.
I'm just me.
I'm a fat old juho moe.
That's it.
That's why I got a face in the body for radio.
Oh, oh.
Maybe that's why I've done so well, Steve, on radio, because I know my place.
I'm not prancing around trying to be like a fashion plate.
So here's the final totals on poll number one today.
And look at the tremendous response on the phone.
I realize nobody's here and anybody like I said with a brain and a couple of bucks is out of town
out of their kids or out of school.
331 votes in a half an hour.
Keep in mind the QM website had 256 in a Friday, Saturday, Sunday, 3 and a half days, almost, over three days.
You ready for that?
Including I'm sure some heavy hyping by some of the participants like Modus Morning and Joe and Mark overnight.
Right?
No doubt.
I think we were the only ones in the dark about this.
Why is that?
Well, that's because we're not part of the whole.
We're not part of the age of eternity.
Right.
Anyway, what's your favorite show on QM?
The O'Rider Show 254, 76.7%.
You've managed 28.
Farrell 27 and two of them are pretty tight.
Hank Goldberg, the Hubbers God 9.
Joe and Mark 6, any Kaplan 4 and Howard and Geldie.
Oh my God.
Do I even dare to mention that on the year that that's pretty embarrassing.
0.9%.
0.9%.
I'm getting out of 331 votes, a grand total of...
I'm getting counted.
Out of 331.
This is after 17 months.
I guess maybe he hasn't just made the big impact yet, you think?
That could be.
We're waiting.
Maybe it's just like he's like a slow starter.
You think that could be it?
No.
It's an acquired take.
Maybe they just hit him like poison like everybody else because of the fact he stirred up so much crap in his place.
That could be it.
Here's a Julio who faxes in with a bunch of penises, which don't come out too good and black and white here by the way.
Say it with penis.
I have no idea what that's supposed to prove.
Neil Goddard just wanted to welcome you back to the Republic of Miami.
Well, thank you Julio.
You're a lot nicer than it's Steve guy.
That was probably stuttering Steve that calls up Moe all the time.
One of them, one of those chronics.
There's not one call coming in on this board to say,
boy, it sure you sound so great to have you back in town.
Is all this crap going on?
That's okay.
I can handle it.
I'm used to it.
560560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
It's the usual friendly welcome you get in the South Florida.
Just like that.
Yeah.
Oh.
Wow.
I thought I smelled something as we were like doing the approach into Planias today.
I thought I smelled something.
Yeah, it was that they would give me the welcome and committee must have been there.
Maybe we were ping up Puccane ahead,
a special welcome committee at the airport.
Maybe next time he'll have a complimentary slice of pizza because always for me,
with something special on it.
I'm sure he might.
567, I just want somebody to say hello and, you know, something like that before I get started here,
before we do the poll.
Oh, well, are we going to build another poll?
Yeah, build this, okay.
Build some sandcastles.
You have a lot of beaches.
Go build some sandcastles.
Here's the, what's the rest of the list?
Vin Diesel 46, Fast and the Furious, the worst acting performance ever in a movie.
John Provo, the battlefield earth 45, and Eli's cool as ice 42.
OJ hits the list again.
They could gun 38.
Britney Spears and this movie happened to be on over the weekends,
a matter of fact, Crossroads and Crossdress.
Yeah, 34.
No, for about two seconds.
Dennis Rodman, double team 32 for Denise.
Kiana Reeves, the Matrix 29.
Tom Green, Freddie got fingered and enjoyed it.
27.
Bill Shatner, any Star Trek 25.
Barbara Streisand for Yentel,
Oh, I should have showed you age 25.
And Al Pacino, I'm just going as far down on the list just so I can get that in.
Al Pacino for the Unx's Senate of a Woman,
had 23.
A weely I wall a cat only 22,
tied with a Donna for Shanghai surprise.
But Donna's a matter of fact,
with like three of the next four spots.
But also, Bloodhounds of Evidence with Madonna was the only one that didn't get one vote.
Deadlast, of over 1500 votes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60.
Here's the poll for today.
And this is, I'm doing this because it's vacation time.
Kids are out of school.
Everybody wants to go someplace.
Get out of this rat and festered the jungle.
Man.
This really, this, you know what this is?
The one word to describe this.
And I'm talking about the anus of the universe.
Something sarcastic like that that we've said over the years.
I'm talking about an accurate word to describe this place.
This is a swamp.
You know, as you're approaching,
and they, now yesterday,
luckily, we came right in from the east and landed.
But generally, when you're flying into town, more often than not,
you come in from the east and they go way out west over the glades
and turn around and come back.
You've done that, right?
Oh.
And you look at the everglades from above.
And you realize that's what we're living in.
Oh, big swamp.
That's what I just said.
That's the word swamp.
It's a, it's a freaking swamp.
The bog about you.
So here's the poll question today.
What's the one place you've never been to that you must see before you croak?
Now I got one.
And I don't want 20.
I don't want five.
I don't want 100.
I want one.
Here's my list.
How about these six?
No.
I hate that.
They do that to me all the time.
But here I got a few for you.
No, let me read the question again.
What's the one place that you've never been to that you must see before you croak?
I put down Prague.
I want to go to Prague.
Okay.
New Zealand.
And I put another one down and it didn't affect Eric yet.
Cuba.
Don't you think there are a lot of people in this audience who want to go to Cuba?
No.
I know this has been there.
I don't want to stay keep coming in this direction.
Like yesterday, we had eight more pop up.
But there's a reason for that.
What's that?
It sucks there now.
Yeah, but the hotel is here.
The sun.
That's the sun.
It's like 15.
No, but you don't understand.
They want to assist like maybe they're tired and people want to go like this.
Sicily.
Sicily.
Sicily.
Maybe it's still nice there though.
What's that?
Sicily?
I don't know.
I've never been there.
I would like to go there.
But I picked one and that was Prague.
Because I hear Prague is just a fabulous place.
But I hear it.
In fact, they just had elections over the weekend.
They voted to join the EU.
The American dollar is falling like a rock.
Canadian dollar is 75 cents.
Oh, oh.
I can't believe it.
It's unbelievable.
They're all of us.
They're killing us.
Here's our first one.
I already had one.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Welcome back, man, Niggas.
Uh-huh.
Hey, George.
You're pussy.
Oh, that's your buddy again.
Like I said, we're waiting for our first call.
5667-0560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Lauder Hill.
Hello.
Hello, Niggas.
Yes, sir.
Well, welcome back.
I know they want to suck up to you too much, but we do want to say welcome back.
And, uh, led you.
Had a safe trip.
Been, uh, damn it.
It's been hotter than hell down here.
Maybe it brings some cool weather.
The humidity sucks.
But hey, yesterday was Father's Day.
Um, man, that poll you had last week about the single fathers.
I've been raising my kids for the last three years.
I did a poll about single fathers.
Well, now about who was a better parent.
Oh.
Yeah.
I mean, a single fathers really got blasted, but there's a few of us.
No, you know, there was nothing on a poll about single fathers.
There were absolutely nothing on that poll about single mothers or fathers.
It was about who was the better parent.
Oh, okay.
Yeah. Well, I don't know.
I just took a fence to it.
But anyway.
Well, wait, why didn't you take a fence to it?
Were you a bad father?
No, I'm a good father.
Did you beat the bad father out of your kids?
Just the opposite.
She was a bad mother.
And I just wanted some, I just wanted a few bad mothers on there.
Yeah, I just wanted a pad on the back.
But anyway, that's my own personality.
Well, I'll give you a pad on the back right to the radio.
How do you like that?
Just like I'm giving you a welcome right to the radio.
But hey, let me tell you, I spent the fathers day yesterday with my two sons.
One of them's 13, he has autism.
The 17-year-old had a kidney transplant.
Oh, boy.
I got my hands filled, but me and the 17-year-old were bonded so much yesterday.
We sat and watched Requiem for a dream together.
And he loved it.
He loved it.
Yeah.
I had to burn the DVD so he could take it and go to his friends out there.
Don't say that you burned it in the DVD because then people will think you're like stealing stuff like that and they'll come and trace the call.
So, oh, I'm so worried about that.
Like I said, he alone in the DVD so we could take it over and show it to all his friends in the movie too.
Oh, he loved it and I loved it too.
Anyway, welcome back, sir.
And anyway, wherever you are, I've been listening for about 20 years now for that six months.
But thanks a lot.
I don't know what I want to call up and suck up.
That's why a lot of people, a lot of the good listeners just kind of hang back a little bit.
George says it's a tremendous forl.
What they really got to do is one day they really got to switch or something.
Let you and forl kind of be there.
Well, I don't want to tell you, but we couldn't really afford to hire the real forl.
George has been doing that the whole five weeks.
Right there, Palli. Say goodbye.
Enjoy.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you know, actually, George is threatening to do his shows all summer long in that voice.
And I think it would be, it would be, get a 40 share easy guarantee.
What's the one place you've never been to that you must see before your croak where you're going to build a list,
whether you want to or not.
I don't think they want to.
That's okay.
They want, you know what they want.
They want movies.
So now that I've stopped doing movies, now they want more movie talk.
Oh, well, you know, we saw these a little week. I don't care.
I don't want to know.
I don't want any names of any more movies today.
I'm going to like leave it one o'clock.
Well, you know, who looks pretty fat?
The beast.
Yeah.
I just mentioned that because I'm going to do the balance for us, but he could be down like about 180 right now.
He would have kept going on it.
He just, he's a loser.
You know, he's just not one of those people, especially with that thing that's growing on the end of his nose.
You know what that's from.
That's from telling so many lies.
Look what happened to him and Bubba.
It's from lying so much of the beast from telling so many goddamn tales.
Anyway, if you want to lose weight, you can try atkins and you can try the old stillman and the grapefruit diet and the Sarah Goldfarb Pill Diet.
There's a million diets you can try and some of them work for a lot of people.
But if you're frustrated because you're still as fat as a tub because you still can't lose that weight.
You still can't wear any like real size clothing.
Balance for life could be the answer you've been looking for.
And one of the reasons it's so outstanding is because it's easy.
Even the laziest of us lazy folks can do it because there's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carb counting, no nothing.
All you do is reach outside the door and pick up that little black sack.
They live right to your door by six every morning and all your food for the day.
It's in there.
All you have to do the only choice you make is on that menu you pick out two choices from a two choice of each meal every day.
That's your own program and that's it.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks.
They're all in your sack.
There's loads of great fresh delicious goodies in there to keep you full all day long.
So get with the real weight loss program.
Not some crazy quackery or some dangerous pills or some crap that's going to make your hair fall out.
Let balance for life help you lose the weight finally once and for all and give back some good health too.
Call them today 9-5-4-568-32-29.
9-5-4-568-32-29 or check them out on the web if you like it.
Balance for life.com.
My, and local.
This is 4-205-60-29.
You're way, way, yeah.
Sucks.
I'm going to give you an update of what took place just now off the air because I think it's important you hear this.
Howard just called the radio station Howard David who I get along with great.
I thought he called me an asshole saying I was trying to stir it up.
My point back to Howard is don't listen.
Listen to one on one point five.
Let me see what age group.
101.5 for Howard.
Maybe 102.7.
Some easily listening love music so you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids instead of listening and always calling the radio station.
He's becoming Howard, the caller like Howard from Boka.
Howard from Boka.
It's like, you know, it's okay.
So anyway, he's, he's listening so just wanted to get the message out and don't call my show too.
Just for a record.
Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you.
And I don't want to hear you on the private line.
Congratulations.
You know the private line number. That's great.
But don't call because you're not coming on this show.
You've got your three hours five to eight.
Monday to Friday.
You can talk all you want but you're not coming on this show.
And we'll leave it at that.
All right.
I have nothing against you.
You see my decent person.
And I know you've been getting a big hit on the radio station from everybody else.
But it's over. Me and you.
You asshole.
Hey, collector.
We sponsor today, baby.
Oh, this was what makes it exciting about coming back to South Florida.
You know what?
There is not one call on this board.
Are we really on the air?
Do we have another transmitter?
No.
We're on the air.
We're on the air.
We're on the air.
We're on the air.
We're on the air.
We're on the air.
We're on the air.
We're on the air.
We're on the air.
We're on the air.
We're on the air.
We're on the air.
We're on the air.
Montana.
Yeah, Montana.
I don't know why.
Something I've always wanted to do.
Really?
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, Jordan, give you some good stories.
Give me some good tips.
Tell you where to go.
All right.
He said we wanted to tell you where to go.
Okay, I have a good time there.
Have a good time.
Boxing Helena.
5, 6, 7, 0, 1.
Is that what you do there?
What else are you going to do there?
Hot, trapping.
Get laid.
Great.
Okay.
I'm going back to Shelby.
That's what I'm going to do.
These phones don't start lightening.
Now they're screenless today.
Get you off the hook for old times.
Oh, man.
Well, no, because we're leaving at one.
What?
Right.
What are you shaking your head about?
Got that tape already.
We're leaving at one.
Oh, probably.
He's really pissed off that you're letting me off the...
Oh, I see.
That's what he's upset about.
Shaking his head vigorously.
Because he has to talk to a lot of assholes.
Right.
And he thought this week,
George would have to.
Well, guess what?
I don't think so.
He wants to see me stuff.
That's it anyway.
George don't deserve that.
You're breaking in.
Okay.
You've got to pay your dues.
You've got to talk to like every nutcase.
I lent him money.
Yeah, he lent you money.
And I just helped you out a little bit there.
What the hell do you want?
And by the way, if I get a phone call from the bank's end,
you probably might have checked the call.
If I get that phone call again,
it's the last time you'll ever see me.
I'll guarantee that.
From the check caching store.
Oh, yeah.
The check caching store.
That's where a lot of really,
I don't want to say it.
And that one of our fine sponsors?
Right.
ABC Package and...
ABC Package Licker & Guns.
That's where he hangs out and caches his paycheck.
Oh, of course they look at it and say,
QAM, forget about it.
Take it down the street.
We're not touching that thing.
WDQAM.
Yeah, now?
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
I'm doing great.
Welcome back.
That's all I got to say.
Okay, well thank you so much.
I don't want you to call and say,
why was this joking about that?
Say something.
Give me your for instance, okay?
Tell me what's going on with Mo and Joe and Flow and Blow.
Maybe they got a good movie there.
Maybe they got some good blow.
Yeah, maybe.
If you people start that movie stuff again,
we're going to be out of business.
The bad news is that,
the stuff went to Blancbuster
and got the edited version of Requiem for Dream.
See that?
That's one of those movies you don't want to get the edited.
You want every last drop.
I mean, last year come home, okay?
Oh, there's a really good show on VH1.
I know that comes as a shock to you.
No, sometimes.
But they have a good show.
It's the bloopers from Gainesh own.
I've seen it.
I just came across that last night desperately trying to find something to watch.
I mean, a cable here.
Another reason to hate this place.
Just awful.
Where's my drive in movie channel?
Where is ScreamTV?
As a matter of fact, that's what the cable is here.
It's called ScreamTV.
You scream or something to watch.
But anyway, so I found that by accident, hosted by the Unctions Bob View banks
who might have despised.
But they had some great stuff on there.
So there was an old clip from Gary Moore.
What's my line?
I think it was what's my line.
That was what's the name?
What's the name?
What's the name?
Oh, I had a vocal bridal call in.
I don't want to get into that.
That's nobody knows.
To tell the truth, I guess that's the one.
Gary Moore was the host.
And so they bring out a cow on stage.
And the deal of it is, best Myerson, who's got her evening Ghana and the kidney carl aisle.
They're going to milk the cow.
They got this broad ender.
They're going to show them how to milk the cow.
And Gary Moore is standing there.
Well, needless to say, the cow.
And a little accident.
Anybody ever heard the term cow pie or cow pie on it?
Absolutely.
Correct.
And Gary says, we take that thing off here right now.
Get it off.
And of course, they're all in hysterics.
And I don't know what the hell happened.
Because we didn't see the rest of it.
Because it's live TV.
And the cow just thought, he got nervous.
You know, he let loose a pile or two.
You know what happens around here all the time.
In fact, Mo, I noticed there was like a bad stain when he was standing there talking to Duff.
Bad stain.
On those lime green pants.
See, when you dump in your pants and you were in like lemon yellow or lime green pants,
it shows real bad Mo.
It's not good style.
It's really bad.
Bad, bad.
In fact, you remember in Cain Mutiny, they were called Humphrey Bogart Old Yellow Stain.
Right.
Mo was old brown stain this morning.
Must be because of that thing he had with your row.
Plus, the fact everybody knows that Gildy has turned out him now.
Gildy was his last great hope, man.
That was the one guy he thought he could brow beat.
He could handle him.
He could manipulate him well.
Gildy and Tampusie that you thought he was, Mo.
Gildy's had it.
Which is why it sounds like the two of them are going to...
In fact, that's one extra reason to tune into them every morning, real early.
But, you know, get a hold of it early, five to eight a.m.
Maybe that's the wriggle.
On the day.
Real warm-up show.
No, that's smart.
Now, what is this?
What is this?
The golden years.
Running out of money.
Life so not so sunny.
I'm running out of gas.
What is the stuff that's coming in here on his facts, man?
See, this was not good timing on my part.
It was good timing from the fact that there's no traffic driving into work.
In fact, you know, I now I can sleep till like seven o'clock in the morning, like a real life.
Now that we're back on 10 to two, which the audience seems to like.
But, other than that, I mean, why would you come back when there's nobody in town?
In fact, I looked at my contract again.
That's one of the reasons I came back.
I looked at it and said, your summer schedule Tuesday and Thursday starts June 16th.
I must have misread it.
I thought it said July 4th.
But I think it said, I'm pretty sure I may have to go home right now and double check it.
I think it said June 16, George.
You're not supposed to be here.
George, and you're supposed to be talking to that for all voice.
All right, check it.
There you go.
Huh.
Huh?
I've been in too long.
W-Q-I-M.
Yeah, can I speak to Neil?
Speaking, sir.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Hey, man, in honor of my main man, Joe Rose, stepping up to the plate and really banging on the...
He hit it on the ballpark, man.
He hit it.
Yeah, he should.
And hit out of him and out of my boy Joe Rose.
Repeat after me, man.
We-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we-we.
Okay, there you go.
That might be the best call we've had all year.
When you come right down to what says a hell of a lot?
About the rest of it.
And what was he saying?
I like the We-we.
Okay.
Joel Rose, Groza, he a youngest period.
That should have been...
And that should have been in the newspapers.
See what I mean if we were in a real market, with real people are right about radio.
That kind of a thing if it would have happened in Toronto or in New York or like in a real market.
They would have had an article interview newspaper about that on the entertainment page because that's pretty entertaining
Not here and why did you put a Tom jikka story on our website yesterday you little asshole?
I'm canceling that check. Why did you do that? You had plenty of other stories?
It wasn't even a radio story it was some it was crap. I read it
What is he babble? It was a reality show thing. Yeah, it sucked
It sucked it was more of Tom's problem about network TV crap, okay?
Anybody could write that you you are auto apologize you want a politician the audience all of our millions of people to check our fancy
Shmancy highly-touted website
I thought just one day you know cuz I'm flying back yesterday morning
I thought I could leave it in his competent hands and he puts a freaking Tom jikka story on our website
Oh my god
I was coughing up stars pellets. I was so upset
By the way, you notice when the gal was in there. He didn't you didn't check out but I was uh, yeah, I've stuffed a couple in his pants
He didn't see a couple of monkey pox a couple of monkey pox pellets
What are they faxing me this heavy-duty stuff? How about Crawford Texas? Oh, yeah, I
Got that here very important story which we will get to
We talked about a lot in this program Tudia Texas baby
Freedom likely for a 13 convicted in Texas drug sting to show you what kind of fascism goes on in this country all these poor dark folks who've been
Cool in their heels in jail for years now for years
July 23rd 1999
A high-profile drug sweep in Tudia, Texas rounded up 46 alleged drug dealers all but seven of the more black
10% of the black population in the whole town of about 5,000 between Lubbock and Emerald, Texas
Seven of the cases were dropped the rest of the accused ended up in prison around probation 16 remained in custody almost four years later
The cases are crumbling allegations of racial motivations shady evidence and questionable police where it could put the Tudia cases in the national spotlight a
failure of the system
To save the very least they got one guy Joe Moore they should have on the TV this morning
59 years old. He's one of the 16 still in prison serving a 90-year sentence for selling coke to an undercover officer
He says he never met 90 year trumped up sentence
How do you like that?
And I don't want to mention that the former governor of the state of Texas of course used to like
Take a little off the nose every now and that was okay. So now he's as his punishment or our punishment. He served her four years in a white house
But here's this poor old Joe guy 90 years and he's been in her four years cool in his heels
But it looks like most if not all of them go to get out. That's a good news. Let's hear it
Oh, just this maybe a little bit slow in America, but if you wait long enough if you can survive it if you can hang in there
Probably most of our audience is still down a key West after the weekend, you know
Why did the freaky Carlos come in here this morning to show me all those pictures of him and Susan Luchy and every other bag
Hey, that was ever born. What doesn't he doesn't he get the message? He loves you. I
Can't stand him. He makes my skin crawl
He wants you just saying him makes me embarrassed and humiliated to be a fag just to sing him
Makes me feel unclean. Hey, what's it touch you? Oh
That's it. See ya. I'm out of here
There was one good reason you should have reminded me not to come back here is that freaky Carlos might want to touch me
Don't ever come close to me. Okay?
God especially with all those damn where he's got a ring ring so that he's got he's got dingaling ring
12 minutes after 11 at 5.60 WQM if your carpet around doing the wrong spot aren't I am doing dry concept?
Well, do that one know what I feel like
Who cares? Do them around round and rounded about
But if your car I think I did this last week too while when you get an old and daughtering what the hell nobody's coming
It's always a good excuse and nobody's listening anywhere. They're all out of town
They're all in the places where they've been dying to go to
Dry concepts would like to come to your house
They'd love to clean your floors for and make your carpets look just like brand new
They've been doing it in my house over 20 years and having had dogs in the house for most of those years
You know I may not have a cow but boy there times when you want to have one when you see what they do on the flow and
Dry concepts can make even the worst days the nastiest smell of this
Carpet in the world looking smell just like brand new with their exclusive patented dry cleaning method that nobody else in the world does
In fact, not only will they dry clean your carpeting but also your drapes
They'll clean your expensive area rugs and oriental rugs like you've never seen before you're a pulstery your leather furniture
If you have problem with pet odors or mildew odors caused by water damage
They'll also make those disappear like magic with their exclusive patented method of dry cleaning the whole deal
And they give you a written guaranteed price before they start to work
So you don't have to worry about getting ripped off at the end of the job
Do yourself a big big favor and call the folks you can always depend on do a stupidest job at a fair written price
Dry concepts call them tool for you 1-800-248-5071
1-800-248-5071 or log under the real famous website at dryconcepts.com
And it really be true when you call dry concepts you can clean today and entertain tonight
See you in Gilding Good luck
Have a great life baby
Who needs a little training
Why can't you understand you don't sound like a man
Remove the rubber bands that choke your scroll
Gelding your lucky management don't help
Because
You don't feel long there on the air and
The sports can wait till your voice cracks
Cost anyone who sounds like that should find another job
And they should only take you back when both your babies drop
When you're gonna grow up
You make us want to throw up
You feel a squeaky
Go to broadcasting school
Your pretty you best
Boys make you sound like
But
You're what the hell happen to him. Tommy looks like a human now
The shape is attached
Like a human being his touch was teased
Heading beneath all of that squeaky crap before it was like a human looking guy
He looks pretty good for him
That was just put the middle part of his eyebrows now
Seriously, he looks pretty good for him. Well congratulations. Welcome to the human race coming from an old ugly fart like me
How could you talk about the way out because I can? That's what they pay me for talk about whatever I want
So we got some exciting news about Gilding
You think that Joe Rose and Mothin is a big news Gilding it come to find out we have spy reports has been making
I don't want to say that he's been having somebody there making ear checks every day
You know all the other reports we had about him looking for out of the job and being out of town and for all was saying
Ah he's not doing all of you
Come to find out that if you're listening or you don't listen to that show
But Beenerboy does if he listen to more you notice when they come back from a break usually would be like the main host of the show
Which would he mo? Well at 735 on QAM you asked hold you know he would come back
But Gilding you'll notice comes back he's been driving he's been driving the show
Because on the air checks then it sounds like it's his show
So that's the reason the other one a verge of a major blow up here. What great timing nice going
He'll come it back just when this whole thing is about to blow up and everybody's ass
Oh, this is exciting. I might stay an extra weaker too. No I doubt it though. I don't think so. I have to be a lot better than that
Have to be like Miguel starts putting out
But uh seriously that's amazing, isn't it?
Yeah, no, he's making air checks every day
And he's driving the show coming back from the rejoins
So that it sounds like his show like he's the main man the headhunt show the big cheese the uh, you know
The squeaky wheel well squeaky something
Good luck to you Gilding you deserve it. Okay. Nobody deserves a fate having to be an underling to that thing
That creature so I that verifies if that's the last piece of evidence. I don't want to say who told me that
I'll give you a clue. I want to say who told me that story
That's a broad category in this right that's why I said it
I'm not gonna tell you who told me that piece of gossip during the break, but I have a lot to catch up on you know when you're way a little bit
Here's some bad news all the man. Guess it's good news for her. I hope it's volunteer
Joel that British Airways says just thought I'd let you know that our mutual friend Helen from air candidate is retiring after 32 years
Her last day will be June 20th. She works days now doesn't get a chance to listen much
But I always tell her that you mentioned around the year we wish you're all the best and amen to that Joel
She is a sweetheart. I love her Helen and Elaine and all the nice people that they're Canada
Good luck Helen. I love you sweetheart
And she's one of those people she gets around she and her husband they travel all over the place they go skiing they go all over
all over the world
So hopefully she's not being squeezed out of there by air candidate all the one can only guess because they're having
Having a few problems like their stock is about 75 cents
Now here's the fact it says the Joe Roasting is pretty hilarious, but my question is what was Joe Roes talking about that flip?
Most freaking wig see these people are coming in a lot of people don't listen on a weekend
Maybe they're out of town. They don't hear the beginning of our show
Which we're not too happy about now that we're back 10 to 2. I did see my billboard this morning
It still says 9 to 1, but that's okay. I'll take it
After four and after five years of no publicity whatsoever. I'll take the billboard. Thank you
Even if it's got midnight till three. I don't care
Got that big old repuss
With my bulging eyes and my big fat puppet
And I'll take it. I didn't see most billboard though the one. I was usually right on my ass. I wonder if that means anything
I don't know
So evidently the thing that flip Joe Roes put them off the edges that moe called it off the ear because Joe was just mentioning
I'll say for the last time about the fact that you can see the you can hear it
The you can feel the tension. It's palpable on the year between goalie and moe in a morning show
Okay, I don't know. I'm spending so much time on this because in the fact most of our people don't listen to that show anyway
But it's just good. It'll kill some good time plus we're not getting any calls any day like it
They like the gossip. Oh, they love the gossip. That's an everyone favorite thing next to movies
I
Next to that and so evidently moe got all been out of shape and he's got see
I this thing about calling it other shows that just drives me nuts. That's light bulb radio. Well, mr. Cane
Yes, mr. Cane. Well, mr. Cane. Yeah, it's like that. What's that bit we got that AC and bit that
minstrel thing? Oh
Minstrel syndrome. I might have to play that well mr. Inderogger
You know, and that's what they used to do that the phone calling each other show on a year getting of these contrived arguments and I mean just crap
fun for 90-year-olds
And that's what they used to do well. This was the same kind of thing
I guess moe calling down this show and on that though and trying to straighten this one out and there's no tension
Well, so evidently he called on the bad line talked to whoever was producing Joe show Saturday
And wanted to get on the air to refute what you would just said well
Joe's like Joe made a good point. He guys got three hours of his own Monday through Friday
We're early in the morning, but nevertheless somebody's awake at that. I don't think he called with the intent of actually getting on the air
But rather just a talk to Joe to set in straight off the earth. I see the story I got in other words to bitch him out off the air right
Right like he did that last time with Forella correct, which it turns out that that is a true story
Even though he bit somebody else out for spilling the beans about that somebody who's like he's always
Like Joe says like always calling the station to say this or that to this one or that one
Yeah, like the time that the galley was doing the show and moe was on vacation
See if I'm on vacation even like I can I can pot it up in my little studio at Toronto and hear it
I don't listen. I don't listen. I find better things to do like pick my nose
But he's a call him in get the beast off the air he's unprofessional, but you know, I mean he's not even in here
He's not even doing the show and he's got you know
Get yourself a life. I'll say it again. I know we got a lot of golfers out there. Good luck to you
That's all I can say good luck to you because if you're playing a lot of golf that means to me you have no life
There may be a few exceptions for well. I guess is one of those who's an exception, okay?
He's got a hot girlfriend. He's got a lot of action
He's getting himself a big penthouse suite on the South Beach
He's gonna be driving two or three Cadillacs before they help me doing six to ten
He'll be making really serious big bucks. They'll have big numbers in there. What's not to like right?
See, I'm kind of what you have the original sheet because you never gave it back to me the pool that they took the sports
QM sports
Nerd pole you never give that back to me here's the pole that we're doing with no success
In fact, maybe we'll just do a pole with three choices on what do you think?
Eric would like that
This is our real pole today. The other was just there for fun just to prove a point which we did
What's the one place you've never been to that you must see before you croak
Prague Cuba
Cuba
Or Montana that that's all we got so far because either they're not in this pole or they just don't give a crap or they're not in town or they don't like us anymore
I don't know Carlos wants you to add Hawaii. Oh
Okay, don't go to a oahu. It's beautiful, but it's too crowded. Go to the big island. Go to a Maui
Go have a a Maui and Maui
But don't go to a while. Well, you're not going anywhere. What am I talking about?
You couldn't afford to get like you know three feet out of the ocean given 20 years
I'd give him 10 to 20
Just for putting the time jicke piece on our website yesterday gets 10 to 20 so they had only 256 votes on a QM thing the whole weekend
What's your favorite show on the station Neil Rogers 29.1 percent mad dog?
What's the point again percentages when you deal with this small
74 votes for this show mad dog 49 joe and mark 41. I think I was loaded for around hat 40
Moe had 34 also loaded up hand-cut 10 and then he can't six votes out of 256. That's the way that turned out
And like I said when you only got 3.9 percent of the sports nerds keeping mine that wasn't
That was on the sports nerd shows they were pumping that we didn't even know anything about it
That was done behind our backs
obviously intentionally
Because they know damn well that the result would have been a little bit different how they turn it around
But anyway my partner moan did so and even even with him going on this morning and hyping it
Both for the good guys go vote for the guys with honesty and decency. I guess they did
Which means anybody but you
Moe the moe they hear him the moe they realize huh you moe
Yes, oh
God, maybe that explains this frustration
26 past 11 at five I can see I'm just I don't know maybe won't even take any calls all week. I don't know. I'm just wound up here
Not much action on the phone very depressing. So Monday in the middle of summertime where you're gonna have a rough time
Gonna be brutal WQ a.m
Deal yes, sir. Oh, that was a good one. I just want to find out why are you down on the answer them? I was thinking of going to answer
Go away. Go away
I'm not going to go through that anymore because it sucks. Okay, it sucks. Don't go there save your money
I mean, they can you tell me a good McDonald's in Vegas, Neil? Can you tell me a good restaurant in Toronto? Oh, go away
How many times have I had that call just in the last couple of months since I just came back from Amsterdam
Can't take it no mo. I can't take it no mo
It sucks. Don't go there. You don't need any details. It blows nobody else is going. Why should you be the one?
Everybody else in the world is wise enough. They're not going in no more. It's a toilet
Let me say it again. Just if you want to know about Amsterdam, just think of one word
Detroit
That's all you need to think about once was a great place anybody want to go there? No
Even the people that live there don't want to go back there
Even the people racing at Hazel Park probably want to get out of there
Don't go to Amsterdam. Please sir. Thank you
27 past 11 and 5 60 WQ. I'll tell you a good place to go. Do you like so much?
If you're on any kind of a low carb dot whether it's the addkins or the
Zoner any of these other ones the likes of why spoke is the number one low-carb store in the entire area
With over 900 low-carb sugar free products and stock the introduce a new one every month and this month no exception
Try their new low-carb instant cup of soup just add water pop into microwave
And you got yourself a good meal a low-carb meal on a cup four delicious flavors or check out the new simply low-carb muffins for a quick breakfast
Are your own individual size cheesecake and the list goes on and on would low-carb hot cocoa and apple cider blind?
These and brownies and don't forget the lights and credible selection of low-carb
Pasta sauces dressings chips chocolates and their famous carbolite ice cream too give them all a try
You can try anything in the store before you buy it and the lights of west smokers got all I can brands products on sale all day
Every day even on sookas stop by talk of their staff when they're dieting inside it out
They're open every day 10 to 10 you'll find the lights on the northeast corner of glades in 441 right next to Boston market
Call them toll free from any place
1-877 low-carb or shop them on the web at lowcarb.com don't forget to like the west bokeh is it they're your official at Ken's retail center
I'm a local
Five-six
All yours
You am
I said I want to be having something
Don't want to be left with nothing
I said I want to be having something
Don't want to be left with nothing
It's hard to get over
Then I'm going on down
I'm smoking the middle
I'm a lawyer star
My spending days are over
I'm finding out everything that I found
On the wall of the end of the street
I think I'm not gonna break down
Someone please be trying
Stop by talk of crying
No, I ain't just dancing
That's what she is really something
Don't want to be having something
Don't want to be left with nothing
Don't want to be having something
Don't want to be left with nothing
It's hard to get over
Then I'm going on down
I'm smoking the middle
I'm a lawyer star
Okay, I love a 32-560
What are you poaching with that thing there, huh?
Trying to get those pictures up
Why?
The concept
Why you have to do that here?
No, that keeps missing out
Who's missing one?
I thought 10 o'clock this morning
We were closing the door on that thing
On our Hot Couples contest
Well, guess what? Surprise
Oh, it's swinging mo, man
Oh, we got to get that on there
What time do we get that on there?
Just when you thought that
Squirley mo and Mozo the clown
Had put you over the edge
Just when you see swinging mo
That is the best
He's not a swear, he's a hipster
He's a swing, a man
Swinging mo
Woo
I guarantee it would be a lot of people
lined up to applaud pat him on the
Harry back on the way out the door
They'll swing the door right
Against his ass on the way out
Here's the fact that says
Congratulations to Mo for successfully
alienating everybody at WQAM
Nice going, man
Nobody's perfect, but in his case
Hank doesn't even mention Mo when he
Promotes the line up at the end of his show
He goes directly from Joe and Mark to
Forreal, like the show doesn't even exist
Does the show exist? No
Forreal is being the best lead in you've had in years
I finally have something local of listen to in the mornings
I've posed this indicated crap
And I'm not a sports fan by any stretchy imagination
Says this
Faxor, how do you like the Naples?
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 60
We got some votes on the survey which is amazing
Because I don't even know what the survey is
What's the one place you've never been to that you must see before you
CROG? New Zealand 10
I have no interest whatsoever in going to New Zealand
George? None
Well, I'm sure you don't want to go learn to do a Haka
No, hang out with the Mowries
No Haka's and no hookers
Get a face tattoo
New Zealand 10, Q before, Prague 3, Hawaii 3
Which it shouldn't say Maui there
I think Binawer probably talked there
Can put that on there
And you just say Hawaii which means any of the five islands or you know
Or all or a mix and match with that leopard colony
Montana's got one
That kind of wants out of 22 votes
We'd have a lot of votes if we had some selections on here
Places that the people want to go
But we don't
And you know what? We don't care
We got the Hurricane game
And the Hurricanes Comers World Series
It's a Doward die baby
What's that one o'clock?
11, 35
Hurricanes and South Carolina
Southwest Missouri, some girls school, Southwest Missouri state
Teen than nobody ever heard of before
Two o'clock from Omaha
Boy, they got good food out there
Good beautiful people and beautiful food
Boy, you can't beat the meat in Omaha
You'd like to
You try it, I'm serious, man, there are just
Be beautiful, Midwestern people there, friendly
Clean cut
Lot of white folks
Yeah, mmm, so
It sounds like let's have it, it sounds like my kind of place
But anyway, and then of course you got the great restaurants, Mr. C's
This is amazing, last time I was on, let's say 82 I think was the last year
That's the Hurricanes, the first time they won a college world series
I was there
82, so that's 21 years ago and I still remember it, a lot of those great restaurants, Mr. C's
Uh, all the restaurants began with a C
It must have been Hispanic
C?
C? I don't know
But anyway, they're all great, each one better than the other ones, big juicy steaks
And they had the fried ravioli
Has everyone had those? Apatizer, fried ravioli
Oh yeah, mmm
God, are those good?
But you gotta go to Omaha to get that stuff
Here, you get, you know, you get what you get
What time is Jeff coming by the way?
With our free food
He didn't say, anytime, any minute
Who at any moment, maybe
That door may swing open in a second, might be Jeff Cohen from the pizza loft
Unless my psychic powers have worn off, probably
Probably nothing will happen
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
The one place you've never been to that you must see before your croak, Rashkin Day
New Zealand's leading, get that Maui off of their Eric, you fat idiot
Hawaii, it's supposed to say
Maybe he wants, maybe Eric's trying to relate to some of those
What do they call them? The big fat
The big fat Hawaiians
Oh, the Samoans? Are they Samoans?
The Samoans are big and fat, I mean the Hawaiians can get fat too but the Samoans are famous for it
And it's like baby fat, you know what I mean? Like, like 200 pounds of baby fat
Pudgy, even that he distributed
Cuba for Prague 3 in Montana 3, Jeff in 15
And one for Montana, Toria
So we might get some suggestions for the poll and if not, we'll still probably get better in 256 votes
Pretty embarrassing there, Josh, pretty weak, W to QYM
Yeah, Neil, I'd like to go to Heady
To Heady, Samoans, exciting, Samoans, exotic
Yep, that's where I'd like to go, sir, welcome back
Thank you so much, okay, if you just have any doubts, we'd have George Screen of calls but he'd probably tell you where to go
Go to Miami
I wouldn't advise it, don't go to this place, okay, no matter what the hell you have in mind
Go to hell, yeah, go there first, it won't be nearly as hot as it is here, and steamy
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT
There's something, I don't know, if I'd get used to this, the ambiance in this room and this building
Maybe Cus Scroan was in here before, I think it lingers, you know
W to QYM
Yeah, hey, you're talking Neil?
Yes sir, speaking
Good, good, welcome back
Thank you, at least you're able to get your finger back in the pulse of things
Yeah, I took the pulse and I couldn't find one
I stuck my finger on it and all I got was like the tip of the beast nose
Okay, hey, I've been to Italy once, but I'd love to go back there
I went from nice scenery and some of the people are crazy
But very joyous heck out of it, there's one place I like to go
I went to Rome, I went to Lermo, I spent a week there, it was pretty nice
How did you like Sicily?
Sicily was very pretty, very nice people were okay, but drivers are all nuts
Very lucky, four cars in a row with a two lane road
You got to drive like somewhere you never make it
So I just put Italy not any specific place?
I have no Italy fine
You really shouldn't have you been in Florence?
I know I have no idea
Please, please you'd love Florence
Alright, I'll do that
Everything's very overpriced, it's a tourist trap, but it's a beautiful place
Have a good time, Pali, see you
Okay, there's an Italy guy, huh? What's wrong with that?
Everybody wants to go to Italy
Anybody don't want to go to Italy as far as I'm concerned, come on Easter
Right? I want to go, fight now
Everybody I know would love to go to Italy
Let's get on our vespas and go to Rome
Yeah, I can just see you tooling around over you'd love to go
Yes, I would not
In fact, you'd probably the first place you'd go to be to Vatican
Is it getting warm in here?
I turned it down like first thing this morning
What do you mean by that? Like it was warm when I came in
Ah, hot
What do you mean by that?
It's hot
It's hot
72, man, too hot
I know you'd love to go to Italy as far as I'm concerned
But then again, when you come to South Florida, you're supposed to switch your brains off
Maybe you'll sweat off a couple of pounds, Pazzo, what do you say?
No
I'll pass, El Paso
I wish that I could eat like for real, man
I wish I could eat like that and stay, he got away with it
You don't know, maybe he eats like one meal a day
Like that
He ate three meals while I sat here and watched him, what are you talking about?
Maybe that was his fault of the week
And he was shoveling it down
See, I love you for real, but don't be a pussy, don't be intimidated by these people
They talk a good game and they'll intimidate anybody who listen to their crap
The only reason that we got answered is building other insects
But what do you give me a look?
The phone's screwing up
What do you mean by that?
Like it won't go off of speakerphone
Oh, right
Welcome back, Neil, welcome back to QAM
Well, I did see the new engineer this morning
Jim pardon me for wearing this stupid thing, Yelton
Yelton
It does look ridiculous with that ponytail
Well, I'm a little bit distracted, folks
I'm trying to figure out what he's doing
It's squealing over there
Don't call anybody
Tell Eric, don't call us, we'll call you
We're good friend Randy Maltaish from the Ticket Defense Department
Like I said, we need to call Randy Maltaish and you weren't able to speak to him?
We were all able to speak to him
Oh, hey, how you doing, Randy?
You can probably hear me through the window
What a place
What a freaking place
It's pretty sad commentary with my little studio Toronto
I'm sure it's this one by a mile
By a country mile
That means I need to be going back real soon
20 till noon at 5.60
We got the Hurricane baseball game from the college world series at two man
I'm telling you, Omaha is a place you'd like to go
I would definitely like to go
I like the people that are beautiful, I'm friendly
There's a pretty decent nightlife there
There's a lot of hookers out there
And at least there used to be anyway
Probably now since we got this new right-wing regime
The hookers are still out there
But Ashcroft covered them all up with like Doilly's
With stuff, you know
Hey, cover them up with like uh...
Shmothas
19 till noon
What am I doing back here? This was a bad mistake
I mean everything since I've walked through that door
It's just been one nightmare after another
And you know what? I think you have a better microphone up there
Is this not sound good?
No, it sounds good, but just you know when you have something to compare it to
Yeah
That one sounds better
I have a better mic, I have a better equipment, I got a better studio
I have a better time, I have a better life
It sounds muddier
It sounds muddy in here? Maybe that's because they muddied yours up soon
It sounds so swishy on here, it might be it
Didn't help
No, it doesn't
Oh, I think that's the, that's the Catch Me All, man
George does for all all summer long and the voice too
You know the Neil Deals keep on rolling out from Tom Leman and Joe Prieto
Our good friends at Helen Pontiac GMC
Here's Neil Deal number one going on
Right now and you know what it is?
It's this corporate disease in here again
You don't hear me coughing and choking in Toronto
Even all that SARS running around, I don't do that
But here it's in this room again
And like I started to say if they weren't so cheap
And they got an exterminator in here
If they got our good buddy Steve from ATM
A bug externa, alternative ATM
They get all the bugs out of here
And it wouldn't have to be but the bitch in
For all others, no food in the studio, no food on the table
It's a bunch of bull crab Greg
Stop trying to brow-beat people
These are adults, not a bunch of your sports children
That's why he was speed eating
Yeah, he comes in here and it's really something to watch
He's speed eating
Because they won't let him eat in his studio
So he comes in here to Neil's kitchen and drugs
And there's both
Pops a couple of pills
Stuff's a bagel in a corner of his purse
This is often five diners and drug stores
I mean I guess there's one in town left
Absolutely
Anyway, I was starting to tell you about the great Neil deals right now
Neil deal number one gets 0% financing for 60 months
And every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock
Neil deal number two
Get up to a $4,000 rebate
And every 2003 GMC in Pontiac in stock
Attention, current and former military personnel
Get an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Halibh
Neil deal number three
Least the new 2004 Grand Prix GT1
For his little as $289
This is a 36 month lease
He dealer for details
And now at Halibh you can test drive any vehicle on the lot for 24 hours
That's right, take it to home
Take it to work, take it to stick it
Anywhere you like
And of course Halibh has always got a great selection of
Dependable pre-owned carstruck's SUVs
Credit, they're not as picky as most car dealers
They'll get you into a car somewhere somehow
Halibh Pontiac GMC, they're at 13401 South Dixie highway
There's stupendous folks to do business where they're right there on US1 across from the falls and they're open every day
Seven days a week
For more info on these Neil deals call the hotline tool free at 1-triple-8
5-3-4-40-211
That's 1-triple-8-5-3-4-40-211
And don't forget all Neil deals
Subject to credit to Provolce dealer for details
Halibh Pontiac GMC, they are
Make no mistake about it pro-fessional grade
He's got a big heart on
Oh, dude
Oh, dude, go Raj
If you like monster garage and junkyard wars
You'll go eight for the new show on Animal Planet
Monkey Garage
That show that puts dangerous power to lose in the hands of angry teammates
This week, Ovo and his team of master monkey mechanics
Only five days to turn the CEO and throw into a ground-pounding weedy
What's the feces lie on Monkey Garage
Pressing 99, 8-sickle, putt, zoo
So the deal with the monkey pox is
Some asshole had a Gambian rat as a pet
And a Gambian rat bit one of those poor little nice prairie dogs
And gave it the monkey pox
And then the prairie dogs started like hanging around with people
Who would buy them as pets
And they started passing along the monkey pox
And then the next year, you go, here's some for you too
So you're right, it was the Gambian rat after all
And why would you want a Gambian rat?
They showed it on TV this morning on the news
It's a rat, it's a big asshole rat
Big asshole rat
It's the kind of thing you want to kill
Not bring home as a pet, I'd rather have a copy bar on myself
Oh my god, big Arnie needs some help
He says, my place to be would...
I thought that was a pretty simple question
But I always think that, and I'm always wrong
I'm always wrong, yeah
My place to see would be Fenway Park in Boston
When the Yankees were playing and the Yankees would be to crep out the red socks
Well that's nice, big Arnie, but it's got absolutely nothing to do with what we're talking about
The poll today is about like a city, about a state, even, about a country, a place
Not a ballpark, not an event
Does he get it?
No
No, it's pretty straightforward
New Zealand's winning hands down, but Hawaii's catching up
Now that he took Maui off of there
I guess Eric's probably never been to Hawaii
How do you know?
I don't think he's been there
You're asking, next time you talk to him in a couple of minutes
Ten seconds
New Zealand's 25, the one place you've never been to that you must see before your croak before they stick your ass in the box
78 votes, not too many, because we don't have enough places on here
New Zealand's 25, Hawaii 19, Cuba 9, 9
You don't want to, either one of you, probably the two of you can get a hell of a package deal
Been there, done that
No you have it, not as an adult
No
You could go to Toronto, and of course we wouldn't let you out of the airport because you might have something contagious
But then you could fly right from there to Havana
How depressing
Oh, Cuba 9, and maybe you could take a side trip to what's the time where alien lives?
I, I forgot
Oh come on
Oh, if there's anything worse than a spick, it's a useless spick
You know?
What's the time where he lives?
I'm not gonna say that word
What is it? Oh it's some filthy words
Sounds filthy
Camel hump? What?
They don't live in Camel hump, different, don't pay any attention to him
What are we gonna do with him?
I dumped the bitch right now
New Zealand 25, Hawaii 22, Cuba 9, Prague 8
That's where I want to go, that's my vote
Eh, boy, eh, it's mad in this room
I think it's the SARS, it's no, you're not succumbing to it
No seriously, the corporate disease in this room every time I come in here
Is there coffin and gagging and choking and puking?
Maybe it's the ambiance
Italy 8, Montana 7, and Tahiti 4, out of 84 votes
Italy 8, Italy to the well
Here's a good fact, I like this fact, yeah, there's something in the urine here
Ehh, oh my god
Oh, you, you're laughing, I'm serious, there is something in here
We need to get an exterminator right now
In fact, Mo, maybe he left me the poison gas
I mean, that's what that was
Maybe he was hiding in this pants, maybe he squeezed it out of his bag this morning
The poison gas
Because I can smell it
Mmm
So, isn't that something about guilty, doing their checks every day, and then do it
Even this morning, I'm coming to work, and I hear they come back from the 730 break
And he comes back, and I'm thinking, it's a little bit unusual, you never do that
Whoever the lead guy in the show is, he drives the show
He comes back out of the rejoins after the break, and he's the one that says 735, I can add whatever
And for the last week or two, Gelly has been doing that every day, so very obviously he is sniffing around, he's looking
Desperately
There's any openings that he even said this morning, if there's any openings that publisher Wal-Mart, he'll take it
So I guess it's not a very well kept secret, so that makes it, see the thing about Mo is, he always denies the obvious
Today is Monday, well no, I have you know, he always denies the obvious
You're gonna lie about something, lie about something that nobody really knows the answer to
Right? That would be a good place to start
Yeah, like I think he's about 66, well I'll have you know, you're age, we don't know you're age yet
When is that the swing? Oh there's Jeff Cohen, there's that old cocker and old Jew
Just came in with our food
Don't, I don't breed too heavy in here because there's something bad in our...
I think, no I think they planted something in the room and then they're gonna blame me for bringing SARS back
Monkey SARS
We aren't exporting SARS, okay?
It's all in the hospitals, everything is the coast is clear
It says, I used to think the most pathetic colors to you, show what are ones that hung on the phone for hours just to insult you or Georgia, say something stupid
But the truly pathetic ones that are ones who apparently can pick their own nose without calling you to find out how you pick your nose
In other words, Neil, how do you attack Deba Faye?
Or Neil, tell me what to do in Vegas, or Neil, why do you like Amsterdam? Or Neil, why don't you like Amsterdam?
Or Neil, I was thinking I have a life, can you tell me what to do?
I can't stand those colors as this factor and guess what? Oh, what a coincidence
And we have the great misfortune of having them live in South Florida, why on earth did you come back from Toronto?
If you like to sweat, I'm sure there are steam bats in Toronto
Well, speaking of the bats, they're bats?
A couple of days ago I saw a very interesting show on one of those discovery channels and it was about Pompeii
Everybody want to go to Pompeii? Yeah, actually I do. At least he won't pay any big crowds
And they showed the ancient, well actually they scut, I don't know how they got over to the Colosseum
They showed something about the Colosseum
And about the bats that they had underneath the Colosseum and I was thinking
Oh my god, can you imagine what those Romans were going on in there?
Make father O'Toole jealous, make him believe that he was born in the wrong era
Scrubbing, a lot of leather?
A lot of lathered up by Romans, make them a steak of butter
Oh, brother
What did that have to do with Pompeii? I'm not really sure but it was on the same show
Sure they had it going on there too
Maybe that wasn't really the volcano after all
Maybe it was the other kind of eruption, a big Italian eruption
Speaking of Italian, here's Jeff Cohen from the pizza law for their food with my lunch
Thank you so much, nice to see you
Oh, Jesus, if you wanted to just spill that that would have been a disaster
And he dropped my fork on a floor, you're an idiot
I can
But you knew a lot better without that, you look as a matter of fact, you look almost human now
He's cleaning up his act, people used to start vomiting when they'd walk in
They knew the food was great but they'd see him and they'd see the...
How about... let me see your fingernail
Oh, I am so proud of this man, you know what?
Clear
All of it, I don't care if he's painting his fingernail, he's trying to keep that image up
You know, he wants to get all of... both sides of the fence
And more ways than one
Is that what it is?
Don't sit down here, by the way, because I'm not going to open my mic
Because you'll say something filthy on the ear again
We're not putting anybody on here anymore, even though George keeps inviting people in that I don't want here
Really?
Who?
I'm not... because you're not paying attention
No, I'm a journalist, I'm not inviting in here that you don't want in here
Anybody?
Anybody that you would invite in here?
There's always somebody I don't want
When I do want somebody in here, it's a lost cause
What are we going to do about you right now?
Fight down with the bitch right now
5,670, 560, pound 560, so how's business?
You have house things in plantation
Very good
That's the big question
Very good
Are you serious now?
Doing very good, it just takes time, because it's such a bad...
Takes time to build up, like I said, produce a bad location
Because nobody can see it from the street
I'm talking with my mouth full, good sausage here man
Greater Thai sausage, a little bit of light sauce, some heavy cheese
Mmm
This is what I need to clean that damn disease out of my throat
Whatever's in this room
So I guess you must have heard about the Joe Rose Moe conflict
No I did not
Didn't hear about it, huh? Well we'll be playing that again in a few minutes
Evidently, Geldie is getting ready to bail out in that morning show now that they shoved it back into the middle of the night
Geldie is making a lot of air checks
We're looking to get to have out of here
While they're getting good
Can't stand Moe no Moe, which you can hear on the ear
And so now, evidently, Joe was talking about that Saturday
Joe Rose being the good guy that we all love, the former dolphin number 80
Joe is great
See even Jeff Cohen likes, see if we had to take sides
I don't want to like start talking to push anybody in the direction against Moe
But Jeff just said, didn't you hear him say anything?
He said if he had a two size, he'd take Joe Rose any day
Joe Rose is awesome
See there you go, I rest my case
Oh, see if you're gonna take issue with people like the beast, with the underlings
Eh, nobody cares about that, you know
You want to start picking on Robert Greeper or poor Fad Sack
Nobody really is going to go to bat for them
But when you deal with the big time, you know when you deal with like Joe Rose
And the Humper
Well, then you're treading on some real fat ground, you know what I'm talking about?
And like Ferelle, like that thing about don't you ever keep my address on the air, don't you?
And then he denied it
Why do people lie like crazy?
See and of course those are the people always pull their stuff behind the scenes
Be it with us, we come on here, we lay it right out there for you
I don't hold any of it back, if I don't like somebody I'll tell you, if I like somebody I'll let you know
Like Jeff Cohen, he's a good guy, okay, he can be a little bit of a painting in the ass, but he's a good guy
Great food
Well, by the way, don't give any free food to what's his name anymore
Ah, no, seriously, I want to ask you a question, this is the honest...
No, I don't speak to him anymore, I don't want to often do with him
I don't care, I don't want you giving them no more free food based on me
I'm good, start charging right, look at that, I just munged all over
Regular price plus 50% to make up, yeah
So instead of a 50% price for him, give 150%
I hear it say you're not listening to me, I get it
I open your mic up even though I got to do a break here, I don't want any more free, what is that?
I haven't seen that yet, that's cute
Oh look at the package I'm sporting there, huh?
Oh, man, I really wish...
Holy cow, what is this? What is in the envelope?
Is this yours? Troy handed that in here
Well, what the hell is this? I've just got through doing the spot, he has me to do delights stuff
And I just got through it in the spot, this Troy Stratford man, he's just the same, same as he always was, he's a good guy
But there's two problems with Troy, okay, you know what they are?
That's it, but I like Troy, he's a good guy, you know what Troy Stratford?
Yes, very nice guy, so they have bigger prints in there, I use that
No, but a magnifying glass, you know, this is what they give me for a copy and it's a jerk of a place
See, even Jeff is telling you now, what a joke it is
Can I do this spot, and we'll talk about, you're not giving any free food at the members anymore
If you want, I'll even tell the story on here again, about that Toronto experience where he drove me about 75 miles
We could have been to Rochester by the time he got through driving to a deli, the size of this room
Where the food was from hunger
And the ambience was from hunger, and then finally when a check came, he passed it over to me
Just like he was passing down a bingo card at a bingo game, just passed it right on down the line
And then how it kinds of good plans to me taking his whole family and even strangers, his son's girlfriend
Which I don't even know who to help, she is, to Ruth Chris
Yeah
This is a way some people go through life, is on somebody else's tab, that's the way I'll come back in a sec
Do the break then you can rip your friend's room
But the idea is that because somebody is my friend you should feed them for free is bad
Anybody, anybody I know charge a extra
Two minutes till noon, no seriously, you're in business to make a living, not to entertain my, I'm not doing that Steve King crap
Mr. Ego, oh well I'm a friend of Neil, good, well it's double, whatever the price is out of menu, triple right now
I'll take a great place, dial a mattress, and a lot of people ask me, do you sleep on a mattress from dial a mattress?
And the answer is yes, in fact last night I had a great night sleep on my astonishing mattress from dial a mattress right here in my home
And beautiful plantation acres
There are number one, a customer satisfaction dial a mattress, just one easy call which I've been doing for years to 1-800 mattress
And you won't believe how simple it is to pick out the perfect bed for you depending on how you sleep
Upside down, sideways, inside out
The expert bedding consultants guided through the whole process, they couldn't possibly be more helpful
A lot of times you go to a showroom and they're not really interested in you, they just want to dump whatever they can get rid of
They start steering you toward the house brand or discontinued set or a mismatch or something nobody would want
But a dial a mattress, no crap, no off-brands, they have only the best
Serta, Ceeley, Simmons, Temporpedec mattresses, no sales gimmicks and no false promises either
And a dial a mattress, they got all a high-end bed, too, like Ceeley's crown jewel and the top models from every brand all that unbeatable every day low prices too
Believe me, do yourself and your back a big favor call in order your new mattress the easy way with one quick call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S
We should ask about the comfort exchange policy too, if you're not completely satisfied they'll exchange it for you with no questions asked
Plus you get free setup, free removal and you get to choose the date and time for a living that fits your schedule
Nobody in the universe gives a service like this
Make that one easy call right now you'll be sleeping like a baby tonight
Dial a mattress at 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S
This is sports 20-05-60, Q-A-M
The state goldstein, but you can call me Galdi
Whenever I'm in town I listen to, wait a minute I am in town
It's the 12th of one hour! Sack!
I'm sweetie, give me a hug
Mommy!
Do you suffer from occasional stress?
Now there's relief with relaxer in just one relaxer in a day and your world is at ease
Relaxer in gentle, natural use only as director
Warning, daily use of relaxer and make us bleeding ulcer's lesions, osteoporosis and leprosy cataracts, blindness, gastrointestinal bleeding, explosive vomiting, severe diarrhea and headaches
Loss of hair, burning skin, hepatitis, loud ringing and ears leading to deathness, bone disintegration, pussy boils and warts, face dysfiguration, blindness, insomnia, sudden loss of limbs, psychosis, paranoia, voices and hair sensation, bugs crawling on skin, loss of appetite, loss of breath, choking and possible death
So, for occasional daily stress to get you feeling back to yourself again, you can feel confident with relaxering
No, I don't
It's a 1204, Jeff's inviting me to come by and eat for free and I want to know how much you're going to feed me in one way
Can I pay triple?
Anyway, how would you like, maybe I'll take like ten people I don't know to the Arruth Chris instead and I'll pay for it
Can I go?
No, I know you
I know them, I'm not taking them, I know them
Seriously, what is the logic? Don't try to change the subject because you're stuck in a row with rumor
What is he, you didn't even know who he was
Am I right? I want you to tell the truth
Don't be like Mo, it's our talent tales on here
This is the honor show, we wanted her to
I didn't know who he was, in fact when I saw him on TV calling the game I called him up and said I had no idea how professional you were
Because he did such a great job on the call
Now that has nothing to do with what you're talking about
But I've never had an issue
I'm not going to knock his word for you
And even when he gets to discount he always says no, it's not necessary and everything
I don't know what you're talking about
This is like this one
His wife is a wonderful person
His wife is great
If it's free it's me
That's his motto
If it's free it's me
I'm going to tell you a great place to have an inexpensive steak near your house
By the way, Jeff Collins is everybody who listens to the show as Jewish
And say everybody
You said most of it, he just got your own percentage
You said most of the people isn't the short Jews
Maybe the goyam don't like you, I don't know, maybe that could be it
Maybe they say it's a place, huh?
Yeah, you like him because he gives you free food and there's no point
By the way, it's on since today it's sensational
Good
So you want to do as almost as good as what I get in Toronto
I'll make it fun
Besides the pizza loft and plantation I'm not telling sunrise boulevard
Did you want to hear a good place near your house to get a snack?
Yeah, yeah
The original steakhouse, Snellenburgers, have you been in there?
No
Howard Snellenburger?
18 bucks
Is there really a place called Snellenburgers?
He's involved in it, yeah it's called Snellenburgers original steakhouse
He and I had an episode of years ago
Really?
Well, when I was doing you in baseball?
That's years ago
Years ago
Right
And he was the coach, football coach
And they had the U of M old-timers game
Where the old-time Randy Giro, all the guys used to play for the hurricanes a few years before
Came and played the regular team, exhibition game
Right, I remember those
That's a long time
It was on a Saturday
And what do they do so they have the
What do they call a spring-scrimmage game?
The hurricane game, the...
Whatever they call it
I think it's called spring-scrimmage
Well, I mean like Michigan State's a green and white game, whatever, like that
Right
So they scheduled at the same time
And so needless to say, our attendance at the baseball game was a fraction of what it should have been
And then usually was, because in those days, you know, Ron Fraser was there, we had gigantic crowds
And it was not good
And so I went out of the year, on my show Monday, and I was ripping that
Maybe it was during the broadcast, I think we broadcasted the game, we did all the U of M baseball games
And I ripped them an ass
I said, this is not an intelligent thing to be doing, is competing with yourself for fan support
So Monday afternoon, I'm at home, the phone rings, I pick up the...
Mr. Rogers?
Yeah, this is Howard Schnellenberger
Yeah
And?
You have a problem with us?
Yeah, true story
I said yes
And I told him what it was, and wow, in the future, I'd appreciate if you had passed that talk with me
Direct instead of saying these things on the air, and that was into them
That's the only...
In kind of our head with Howard Schnellenberger
I've never met him
He's a hard ass
So anyway, for eight...
He smokes a pipe, and anybody that clashes a pipe real tight in her teeth, they're uptight
You know what I mean?
I haven't seen pipe smokers for years, I'm surprised they're still...
Oh my god, I can't believe he just said that
Oh, for example, I guess you don't hang out with Mo
Jorge fills in for the pipe smoke of this morning at nine o'clock
Okay, no, I didn't know
See, you wouldn't even know what he meant by that, would you?
No
Jorge fills in for the pipe smoke of this morning at nine o'clock
That's just Mo's way of being a flutty-duty old homophobic fart, and you didn't even get it
You didn't even understand it
Oh, now that now, it's starting to fit in
Yeah
Okay, now what we've seen about Schmellie Burger
I'm just talking for 18 bucks at something right around there, you get a nice big flamin' on
Every time I've had it, it's cooked right the first try, which to me is important
Comes with vegetables, salad, potato, whatever it is, and it's awesome
And so I'm spoiled now, because there is it on a Cleary and Nophill
Really?
Cleary and Nophill, yeah
There's a real restaurant in Nophill and Cleary?
Yeah, it's a sports sparrish kind of place
They have regular tables away from the bar completely separate
Are you talking to that thing, because you're like off-mic
You gotta put your mouth right on it
I'll hold a handset as well for that
Then why?
I'm gonna get you a handke, probably got similar taste
Yeah, maybe
Quite possibly
Yeah, we could probably get in trouble together
But, no, I don't want to go out and spend 35 bucks for a steak that I could get there for 18
With all of my hand, you're making good
I've got like you that's making big bucks, it's got a $600,000 house
No, no
You're talking years ago, dude
Before you got divorced and taken to the cleaners, yeah
I'm just your average Joe trying to raise a family
When you got kids in school and all the bills going on and taxes and everything that's going on here
You know, there's nobody with a lot of money anymore
This fact is a friend of your abbi, George, this is ridiculous
You want to go to Africa?
Good, we'll pack this a lot of my sandwich, okay?
We'll pack you a Gambian Rad, a kosher one
Here's a fact about that after the break
In fact, I think we're gonna prove a point to Jeff that most of our listeners are glam
We'll prove it to you in a minute
The giant Gambian Rad is a marsupio that looks like a Rad
They used to be in the remake of Ben or Willard or whatever
Oh, they used to use Gambian Rats in those movies
Remember Willard?
You ever see that in the van?
Yeah, the remake of Michael Jackson
That's why I think Michael will start going off just a little bit
Start getting too close to them, a little referee things
And I think he'll start going off the deep end
Right at that point
Anyway, let me do a break
What am I doing here?
Oh, first of all, you don't want to talk about this
Because it's Todd Rexacon, we all know about Todd Dreck, don't we?
Ten minutes past noon at 5'60", WQM, don't forget we got the Hurricanes and a girls' team
Southwest Missouri State come up at 2 o'clock from Omaha
It's door die
If by some bad stroke of luck they lose today they come home with their tail
Like a marsupio rat right between her legs
You really embarrassing in bad news
You didn't notice by the way that the Hurricanes lost 13 to 2 in the Marlins on the same night
Lost to Texas 13 to 2
You notice that?
Shocked and unhappy
Isn't that, but forgetting about unhappy and shocked
But isn't that one of the most bizarre coincidences?
Yeah
How low can they go folks?
Now the financial, first of all he doesn't know from a pipe smoker
Now he's like your enthusiasm is just you know something he fits in perfect in this town
I come back here, I've been away for two months, I think
Oh the phone is going to ring off the hook, it's going to be exciting
We had a big blow up with Joe Rose and Mo over the weekend
And I might as well be talking about into this tin thing here
The lunch is great though by the way
Here's my question again, how low can those interest rates go?
Now financial group does the limbo rock under the lowest finance rate you've ever heard of
How low? 1.95%
That's true, now you can refinance your home or buy a new home and get a super low
1.95% financing with financial group
Call them toll free and find out how this works
Call 1-800-940-Lend
That's 1-800-940-Lend
If you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate call financial group 1-800-940-Lend
And you talk about savings if you have $100,000 a loan your payments are only $368 a month
If you have you a $200,000 loan you pay only $736 a month
So call financial group if you're looking for 1.95%
Interest rates are at all time lows and now's the time to make that call
1.95% from financial group 1-800-940-Lend
That's 1-800-940-Lend
They're an equal housing lender, credit restrictions apply and rate something to change monthly
5.19 APR
Line and local, your sports radio 560-2-8-UAM
Hi, this is Hillary Clinton
I hope when you run out to buy my book
You won't be too shocked to discover I have a fat f*** swinging under my skirt
But you can't blame Bill, he's certainly not gay
I just have the credentials every politician needs to be a wife of convenience
And it's pretty much ended with that
Bill is such a horn dog he probably would have never noticed I had man legs anyway
And Chelsea, well if you buy my book, you can read all about the affair I had with Sandra Bernhard and our lunch child
Now, I wasn't born a Democrat, I switched parties after looking in the mirror and seeing the body of Tiffany Hill
So buy my book now, because I can never have enough
If you order a copy today, I will personally autograph the all-newed scratches that fold out
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
Are you on drugs?
They're on drugs in the other room
Time for a raid
Hi, I said we're going to change the book because I want to you know, Jeff made a comment to me that most of the people have come in
From this show to even his fine establishments are Jewish
He said you know, most of your audience is Jewish, I said no they're not
How many times have we done those religious pools?
About 30
Yeah, but we're going to do one more time
10% or so it comes out of it
Yeah, it's always about 10%
Which is more than the general population
But it's certainly not what a lot of people think
This is a, just because it's a Jew radio station
We got Mo and Gildi
Ferella's like the token goi
You got Hank, you got me
You got Eddie Kay
Okay
Huh?
All the stringers
Beast, Josh
Jim Mandage
Joe Rose
Right?
Right
Carlos Sanchez-Bienerboy
All Jewish boys
Sanchez Berg
Josh, what's his name?
Cordist
Cordist? He's a goi
No, he's not
Yeah, he is
I check he's Jewish
Honorary
So what we're going to change the pool
Let me give you the results of this one
It just didn't make him
It just didn't go over
Plus we're busy here talking anyway
185 votes
What's the place you've never been to that you must see before you croak?
I thought that's a pretty interesting question
Huh?
Vietnam?
Why do you want to see that?
It has something to do with sex again
Is that all you know?
Jesus Christ!
All this man knows is getting laid
That's the only thing he knows
Which is why he's our kind of guy, but even so
What does Vietnam have?
I don't want to hear about it
I know it's going to be a bad question and an even worse answer
Yeah, he's saying, yeah, you're right
No, I know him, okay?
From a long time this man
Hawaii 43
And believe me, why is beautiful?
Have you ever been there?
Met breathtaking
And then people say, well, you live in Florida
Why would you want to go to the beaches and I mean
I was going to ask you that
It's so silly, it's so ridiculous
The beaches there are so clean
And the water in the Pacific Ocean is not only much warmer
But it's so clear you could see like almost to the bottom
I mean, it's just unbelievable
Even different than the Bahamas
I would go to the Bahamas if you paid me by the second
But the beaches in the ocean
I never been to the beaches, okay?
So I'll putty of beaches, but I was never at the beaches in the Bahamas
That place is the biggest ripoff, the biggest scam
This is one of the biggest things that's wrong with South Florida is the Bahamas
If they would just take the whole Bahamas and sink it
Like Atlantis
No, sir, am I right?
Look, then we'd have to get casino gambling
And Mickey Irerson couldn't keep popping up all the gamblers on his damn phone
He'd be lonely cruise ships
Where everybody keeps dying all the time
We wouldn't have to worry about that
And then this place could go somewhere all out of Bahamas, they treat you like crap
The Royal Bahamian Hotel in Nassau, this is years ago
In fact, so many years ago it was back on WS News
Before even you were responsive
Before you looked like that picture
When I looked like a cow, right?
Like which picture?
I want one of the big penis
I never had a big penis, okay?
I'm sorry
I was looking at the...
I did, for import
I was very jealous
Anyway, when are we going to get that...
A mo-picture runner?
Well, we're working on the contest at this point
Oh, we're working on the couples contest
But I think he might qualify
Just all by himself
So anyway, the Royal Bahamian Hotel
It's in the middle of the summertime
It's 145 degrees in the shade
And forget about the fact that on the cruise ship on the trip over there
The ship is heaving and we're heaving
And just everybody is puking their gut set and seasick
And we finally get there
The cab ride from the hotel of the casino
It was like from about here to the wall back there
A 30 bucks, right?
That's right
How much for the cab, man?
Where are you going?
Oh, right over there, you see?
About 30, man
Yeah, where would hell it is?
About two more blocks
About 30, man
And then we...
In the hotel, everything was like wet dog
You know what I mean by wet dog?
No, no, seriously, like wet game being red
Mildude, like my apartment in Amsterdam
Oh, no, you're humble, come, you don't want to go back there
Because it sucks
Because it's oldie and moldy
Old and moldy, okay?
By the way, you got a good friend that can't go back to Amsterdam
Do you know that he slept at a homeless shelter two nights?
I don't want to say the name on the ear
No
Wrong fat guy
I don't want to say the name on the shoe
I don't want that
I don't want him on the ear
We got enough problems with him already
I know
Just got massive problems
You know, sometimes in life you push things a little bit too far
You know what I mean?
One thing to push to, you know, to stand up for what you believe in
To make a point
But as you become older, hopefully you learn from your mistakes
But sometimes you become already a little bit like you're pointing with your finger
Making round, you know, a crazy emotions for me
Now what do that have to do with my...
So anyway, the walls and the carpeting are soaked from the humidity
Because there's no real air conditioning in these hotels
Now this granted was years ago, but even so
When you have an experience like that, you're not going back
You're not going back
And the sheets, you get into bed at night and the sheets are soaked
It's like if I could just took the sheets out of the washing machine
Soaked and you haven't even done anything on them yet
And they're already wet
You know what I'm saying? It's just... I'm sorry
So what were we saying before to Bahamas? You said the...
Oh, so we're going to change the pool
Here's the result, Hawaii 45, New Zealand 43, Italy 35, Cuba 25
You'll be sorry, Tahiti 24, Montana 13, Prague 13
That's what I voted for, I want to go to Prague
And Omaha 1
That's a good choice out of 200 votes
That's not a bad choice
Let's change the pool for Jeff Cohen's sake
In fact, we'll get some calls from some Goyam
No, because you... I can't believe that you really believe that
What did you say? What do you say about 70% of this audience is Jewish?
I think so
Based on what?
Based on the people I see coming to restaurants and mention your name
And they're all Jewish
About 60%
Scott Cohen?
60 to 70%
Rimmer
How about... how about somebody to pay... How about anybody to like this?
How about anybody that pays full price?
Everybody pays full price
That people come in and mention your name and I say
He told me whenever anyone mentions his name, put part of his tab on your check to help wait a little bit down
Who?
They don't... No, anybody
Regular customers
They don't go for it
So let's do the pool again, how are we going to do this?
I know Eric's going to get really upset because this is our third pool in one day
Too bad Eric
Too bad
Work on some of that fat
Yeah, but see the Jewish people aren't going online to do the pool
So that's not going to be accurate anyway
Do you really believe that?
Yes
This is the same man
That doesn't know about type smokers need to tell me about what Jews do
There isn't a Jew in this town don't have a computer unless they're over the age of a hundred
Yeah, but they're all at work today
Sarah Goldfrog
Sarah Goldfrog probably has one
He just don't know how to work it
Probably Harry was going to buy it for it till he made that trip
Did you see that movie? Requiem for... Oh, I said movie, sorry
Did you see that?
I don't remember
That was the right answer
Yeah
I want to the Eagles concert and you could ask me the songs they played I don't remember
Yeah, so I know it's great
So let's find out from this audience how are we going to do the pool?
I know you're busy with a half-couple contest but at the same time you don't have to screen the calls
He's sitting in that chair you look on the bright side you got that big check in your pocket sign any good
But you know you feel like you got some money
Now that's an older count
Close that already
I just want you to feel like you're rich for one day
What does he babble on about?
Thanks for the birthday present and bonus
What does that mean?
What was his birthday present?
Your check
Oh, it was both?
Oh good then I guess I'll save the other one
There wasn't any other way
Okay, now shut up
Now how are we going to do this pool?
Come on, we're doing a radio show here
And I feel like we're...
If you would he'll write it and there it is
What do you mean if there it is?
Carls will type it on the other side
What religion are you?
What did you think it was?
What do you think we were talking about?
I don't know, shoe size
Be a man
If there's anybody in this audience who believes that anybody who's working here today is paying any attention to anything that I'm saying
Guess what?
You're wrong
And that's okay, we're having like a little party
You know, Neil's back in town, let's have a party
Before you said what are you and then you just wrote a whole bunch of stuff on it
What are you and what religion are you?
I mean what are you?
We could have like category asshole, we'd have a lot of hosts for that
Then Mo would get out there's a guy who's got a computer, Mo he's got one
I'm sure
He probably is checking out some of those pictures like swing and mo
I can't wait to see
We will get that out today, right Carlos?
When they see swing and mo believe
They'll be in heaven
It'll be a real treat
What religion are you?
Jewish, Catholic, Protestant, Protestant, protestant, Mormon
Seven-day Adventist
It should be what religion were you born?
Buddhist because some people that don't practice my name
Muslim atheist, Ragnostic
No, not religion are you born? What does that mean?
Because what does that mean?
And it's another word you're saying is that somebody comes in your restaurant
I got a big nose automatically, you assume they're Jewish
Not at all
Even though they may have converted to Catholicism and they have it like a big crucifix around it
I'm out of them, I'm fixed the big nose just like me
Do you get a nose jump?
20 years ago
Oh, that was before I knew you
Yes, it was
Well, it looks much better
Thank you
How do I know how it looked plus I don't really care
Okay, so that's the new pool and I will worry
Now who's that on line 12?
That line
It's a fax
Why is that? Why do we get faxes under that line?
We get them on every other line just
Auto faxes
Is that what they are?
Yeah, pain on that
You know, I get those in Toronto, on my fax machine I get a soliciting call
Not very many, thank God, on my phone
And the pre-recorded soliciting calls are even worse
Pre-recorded soliciting call
You answer your phone and it's a recording
Yeah
Thank you for taking the video
You know how long it was last on my phone?
That those long as it takes to hang out
Yeah, about two seconds
Yeah, but it's a pain in the ass
You got to stop what you're doing and answer the phone
So we want some notches, Jeff's clientele
But we want to prove this audience is more than just a few old Jews
So you're living in the past
You're living back in my WS news days when I didn't even know you
When you weren't even around
Wasn't born yet
On my KAT days when we're on the Jewish station
The Mimie Beach station
And our sales manager used to say
Can we stop people calling us the Jewish station?
You still have a fit about that
Our sponsors were like the famous restaurant, you know, and a bunch of Jew places
Because all we had was like 80 and 90 year old Jews
Of course the sad part of that is now they're all dead
There's more to take their place
Old Jews?
By the way, Jeff's got a special for all the old Jews out there
He's got an early bird starting next week
Sure
Not
But why don't you have the balls to say that?
You don't want any early birds
Your prices are already very reasonable
Anybody comes in or any free loaders going in looking for a discount
You have an early bird?
Yeah, absolutely
How come that's not in my copy?
You know, I can't write everything there
I'm busy writing the copy
I'm not busy writing the copy
I'm sitting here making a joke out of it
You've been a sponsor of mine for 50 years
Maybe not 50
Not 30 men
I don't even know you have an early bird dinner
Which is probably the only reason I'm speaking to you
Right
You find new you hate early bird
What is it?
3 to 5 from 3 to 5
You get a free beverage and a free ice cream
Oh, I know we're going to be coming in soon for that
For the early bird
What do you get?
A free beverage and free ice cream
Along with your dinner which comes with anything already
Anyway, all our prices are like early bird
You don't need an early bird that pizza off
If it's free it's me
Wooo!
Oh man
What again between 3 and 5?
I guarantee a 301 this afternoon
You're going to be see two of the smileiest faces you've seen in a long time
28 past noon at 5.60 WQIM
Are you in a dead end job?
Is colors too expensive and it takes too long?
If you can afford $10 a month to commit yourself
Three nights a week for four months
Fast train can up you to achieve a new high-paying computer career
That's right only $10 a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify
Call fast train toll free at 1-866-Fast train
With four locations in town is about to be won your value
Call them toll free 1-866-Fast train
Speak with the train career counselor
They offer you a day eating weekend schedules
Drop placement and hands on training
Pick up that thing and call fast train right now
1-866-Fast train
Fast train is deferred
Payment is valid for a year regular payment apply thereafter
Whether you're a high school student on a summer break
Somebody and they underpaid dead end job
Or just looking to increase your network call fast train right now
1-866-Fast train or check them out of the Wicked World Wide Web at fasttrain.com
My name is Ken Loco
This is 4256-QIM
You can kiss my rear end
I want to give you an update of what took place just now off the air
Because I think it's important to hear this
How are just called the radio station, Howard David
Who I get along with great I thought
He called me an asshole
Saying I was trying to stir it up
My point back to Howard is don't listen
Listen to 101.5, let me see what age group
101.5 for Howard maybe 102.7
Some easily listening love music
So you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids
Instead of listening and always calling the radio station
He's becoming Howard the caller like Howard from Boka
Howard from Boka
It's like you know it's okay
So anyway he's listen so just want to get the message out
And don't call my show too just for a record
Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you
And I don't want to hear you on the private line
Congratulations you know the private line number that's great
But don't call because you're not coming on this show
You've got your three hours five to eight
Monday through Friday you can talk all you want
But you're not coming on this show
And we'll leave it at that
All right I got nothing against you
You seem like a decent person
No
And I know you've been getting a big hit on the radio station
From everybody else
But it's over me and you done
Nice going Joe let's hear it
Oh for the big dog whenever the hell is name is
Huh?
You got to chuck a lot of that
And I can pull that thing back over there if you're going to talk
Okay
You like that a lot
I'm a good man Joe Roach
Joe did a great grand slam
I thought he was a matured doll about it
He handled it quite well
Right Joe
That's right
Didn't sink to any lows or anything like that
No he just said that basically you're an asshole
And don't ever call here again and go find something better to do with all your old relatives and get lost
Nice going Joe
Okay let's see I'm going to vote on our pool here
And then we'll take some calls with Jeff Cohen
We'll give them some more plugs
Especially for plantation we want everybody to go out there
And enjoy the great new pizza lot plantation right behind Walgreens are now feeling sunrise
Yep
And we deliver
And they deliver?
You do big delivery out there?
Yeah
Yeah
It's doing real well
Are you going to let me finish this show or not?
God damn
Can you vote for me?
Okay here's
Okay you want to know I can only vote once
I don't vote for you you'll have to go get your eyes see he's right you don't have computers
I have a computer
No I said they're at work during the day
They go home that's when they get under a computer
And you won't see
Who did you?
Yes and any business
And let me ask you something all these votes that we get during a daytime on our pool
Yeah
Hundreds and hundreds you think all those people are like deadbeats
I didn't say they were deadbeats
I mean you've been most of my audience and with the exception of a half dozen which we could name them
But we won't because you can take their money but
Most of our people are like upstanding
How are we coming on at the hot couples contest by the way we don't bug him
No seriously we're going to have that on today
So people can vote
Well if we don't do any polls
No but he's not involved in the poll that's Eric's big good
In between two or three more feedings that's Eric's job for the rest of the day
He's already got it up there
What religion are you?
I voted atheist which is right on top of three
I don't want you I'm proudest in voting
That's not what your born religion means what you believe in
I don't give it this crap it's when you are born man it's genetic
You were letting me worry about what's in my genes and any much okay
Believe me it's very sad
It's really Jewish
In fact that's probably the only part of me that is Jewish
Oh what a bad break
So far in the first six votes which I realize is just a smart reading to start it
There are any Jews how do you like that?
They're at work
They're not at work they're busy investing right now
They're busy and all of a six have dinner with the family watch a little TV with the wife
Then go into their office and look up porno and in between the porno sites they'll go and they'll vote
Oh now look at that and now all of a sudden this thing is yours slow
Oh that's where he's doing other studies
Here we go
Catholic 10
Eighth the is seven
Jew 620.6%
Protestant 4 Muslim one and fundamentalist abortion Christian one
Oh I didn't realize you're going to put so many fancy shmancy but that's good
Out of the first 29 votes
And you'll see that's going to go down it's not going to go up the percentage will go down
If this is that's a mark again
Check it tomorrow
QIM Jewish line
It says Fax again
What is that all about?
All day every day
Really?
Somebody's got us on auto-dialing
Keep styling back till it goes through
Well it's never going to go through it's not a faceline
You asshole
You idiots
Those solicitors man those people belong on death row
And you know what I actually signed up for the straight of Florida thing where they're not allowed to solicit it on the move you still happen
Yeah of course
The live car is on
You know what the bad part of it is?
The Florida law exempts anybody that you do business with
So 95% of the calls I get are like American Express or Visa
People that you do business with that you have their credit card even if you don't use it
Right but those people are pretty good if you call up and tell them to not call that usually works there
Who's going to take the time to call them up and tell them to not call you you've got the time to do that?
I pretty much have done all that already because you've done it
You've done it?
Yeah
And even the live stuff usually has stopped from signing up with the state of Florida
But it's the pre-recorded ones that are still on there
Between 5 and 7 and 8 now because John gives me spy reports
My phone and at house rings like the world is coming to an end
Well that's why I stop at dinner time every night
You're John eat dinner and you get six phone calls
And sometime is late is 9 30 a freaking night
9 30 at night
Would you call like a stranger at 9 30 at night?
Well, ridiculous
Assholes
Okay, here's our Jewish callers for Jeff Cohen
WQA and Jewish line
Is this the Jewish line?
Yes sir, are you Jewish?
Yes, I'm very Jewish
I'm Jew Jew Jew Jew and you're gay
Alright
Here's WQA and hello
Jew 28 no computer
You have no computer?
No computer, Neil
Well I'll tell you Jeff is smiling so much I think he's going to buy you one
Thank you
Well, me and either cheap now
That's right, why don't you buy that guy computer?
You're making a big bucks, you can afford to
In fact, every Jew out there who doesn't have a computer and can vote on our pools
Jeff is thinking about maybe buying you one
He just stopped thinking about it
Just come by the loft and eat and talk to me and I'll tell you where to get one real cheap
He'll tell you where to go
Yeah, I'll tell you where to get one real cheap
And don't forget for Neil Rogers' list there is that special 150% of the regular price
Right
Only for people I know
I'm serious, don't be given it people anymore discount
Do you not eat up there or something?
I have never seen you have so much trouble with your food
You have sauce everywhere
Do you have, I don't do have sauce on me?
No, I'm not doing a fat rich deal
No, I will not
You see how this thing like, you know, the, the, the, the, the, I don't want to go into it
You know what it's like try to do a show, eat at the same time, talk to your ugly ass
And take these calls and orchestrate the pool
And hope that Beenervoir over there is doing something that has to do with the guy that I'm showing
And I'm doing a, about an important one here again
That's why you're a professional
And, and then he puts Tom Jicca's column on here yesterday
But, I still can't get over that
Why did you do that?
Why did you do that?
He said it was a good article
No, it wasn't! I read it!
It sucked!
So, I do what the new reality show did
I mean, the point he made was right but it's so, a child could say the same thing
Anybody could have written that, the reality show is suck, you know?
Was it one of your bedtime stories that had to think about President Roosevelt there on the war?
Telling to the Fed's contractors that they couldn't make any extra money when we went to ours
Yeah, I found that very interesting
Yeah, just like now
Not just like Bechtel and all these other assholes
Right, that's what I'm saying
Are you starting with politics now?
No, it's very bad
Never talk politics religion with business
Yeah, I'm going to tell you something, I got plenty of time here
It'll two o'clock, we thought we were going to get out of here one because of that hurricane game
Because they got pounded by Texas 13 to 1 Saturday
And we were lied due by our programming people, they told us it won
Then this morning come to find out the game don't start till two
And if you think it's rough, have it a city or try to eat, do the show, answer the phones, watch over what Carlos is doing in the other room
And then get to a lead in for Joseph Gackie
Oh my god
Huh? Can you even imagine what that's like?
Oh my, oh my
Seriously, if there is a worse play by play person in the history of the human race than Joseph Gackie
I haven't heard him or heard or it
I disagree with that
Name me one
I like that
You like Joseph Gackie?
Oh my god
I can't believe you're sitting there
Oh my god
Oh
Screaming and shrieking uncontrollably
Oh my, oh my
The ghost that's going to the Sunday of her
And Rick Weaver are spitting an airgrave to hear you say that
Stick to the pizza, okay?
Okay
Stick to the good show
Lunch is delicious
Not, I'm serious, stick to something you know about
And then he's telling us about rumor being a great hockey guy too
He's, he's okay
Don't call me, rumor
I just like the way he's able to talk and smile at the same time
He said he'd teach me how to do that
Oh he'll smile if you just take back the check
1242 at 560 WQAM
Getting a good night's sleep is what it's all about
In fact, Jeff has probably had some interesting mattress stories in his life
That he could tell you, probably not on the ear though
But anyway, if you want to get a good night's sleep and do in your back a big favor
Call my good friends at Dollar Mattress
One easy call, that's all it takes, easiest piece of shopping
You've ever had in your life, 1-800 mattress
And there'll be there in no time at all
You pick the time in the day when it's convenient for you
Who else have ever heard of that?
Like the 2-R window, 2-4-3-5, 4-6-30, whatever it might be
And there'll be there knocking on your day that they take away the crappy old vetting and setup the brand new one for free
They give you a service to likes of which nobody else in the world will give you
And they don't pet any off brands, any crap, down on mattress cells only the best
Seely and service, Simmons, temper, pedic, no sales gimmicks, no false promises
And every day on VitaBlo price is 2
And they got the high-end bed, 2-Light Seely's crown jewel line and the top models from every brand in the universe
So if your old mattress is lumpy, bumpy and worn out of maybe it did like a little too much action on it, Jeff
Maybe the answer is a great new mattress, some Dollar Mattress
Make the call right now, they'll be there in no time
Hey listen, Miguel got a mattress and Dollar Mattress
Because the other one he was like falling off the edge all night
His fiancee was getting pretty upset about it
It's a great way to go
I'm not asking you to say that, what the hell is you talking about?
Did you ever get a, did you ever get a mattress and Dollar Mattress?
I want an honest answer
No, be good on it, because I happen to get a new mattress
Well, when you haven't had to get a new mattress, you must be all getting your action on the outside
I don't get action anymore, I worked him
Call, yeah, call 1-800-MATRUS right now and see what we're talking about
1-800-MATRUS, RAS and be sure to tell him that Jeff Cohen told you to call
My, and local, this is 420-560-MATRUS
All of the time, she just loves to put up on 6th-day night
She picks up a woman, takes so high
She's not ready, she's a guy
All of the time, all the women she just loves
Just leave, she will never, never touch your teeth
She's not ready, she's a guy
All night, try not to romance up, but she just said love
All night, she said she'd rather strap on her shield door
Oh, I want to die
She's my dream girl, but it just can't be
Since I found out that she's lazy, she's not ready, she's a guy
Oh, I want to die
I want to die, I want to die
I want to die, I want to die
I want to die, I want to die
You know what they say, do you eat Chinese in a tan?
I never heard that before
I mean, Farch's eat Chinese in a tan and two, what does that mean?
Don't you give many black people come into your finest establishment?
Sure, that's all based on the neighborhood that you're in
Right
Davy is a much more eclectic neighborhood
Eclectic?
Yeah
You get cowboys coming in, we're like cowboy hands
Yeah, they have those the dances, the western dances
And you get people with these awesome outfits on those
Maybe you can open up a race in a world of manners and you can specialize in pizza light
There you go
Huh?
Something to think about
But anyway, too late now
Jessica sends a fax in Georgia, she's going to be really upset about this
Because Jessica knows that I'm here and I can reach over and get the fax right off the machine
So glad you're back in town, says Jessica, I faxed you several times in the past few weeks
But that drooling waste of semen, Georgia, never...
Never sent it to you
That's a great line Jessica, that drooling waste of semen
I guess it's because he can't handle criticism
I was wondering if Georgia says wooden as he sounds because he has no personality on the ear, especially when you're on
Jessica, that's Chris
He o- what is it?
It's Chris, that's a guy, that's a sh** every day
He only gives...
I can't read that
Oh, blurts of sarcasm that are neither clever nor funny
I was wondering if he's instructed to give as little input as possible when you're at the wheel
Because as you would say, he's effing ponderous
Please Neil, I'm begging you to have George not say anything on the ear
Love Jessica, PS, are you...
Are you something that you're really not the straight...
Are you sure not really the straight guy in an asshole, Georgia's gay?
The voice of his would make liberal artsy son-boy
It's Chris, it's Chris, it's one of these...
It's a chronic faxer, okay?
Chris, you're not fooling anybody and George knows your anime doesn't care, okay?
And we like George a lot sometimes
And leave him alone, he's going to be doing that for real, boys
All day long
I'm telling you, see you think I'm joking
It increases his personality by a lot
Because it hurts a lot
By a lot of times
But third man
Yeah, I mean, granted when he doesn't use an voice when he's using his own voice
He's about his boring, his vanilla pudding
But when he puts on a forever voice, he's like, you know, kind of like forever light
One religion are you, that's our third poll of the day
Did they eat your heart out, clearance?
I mean, Josh, wrong, wrong, Josh
What's his name again, Josh one?
Cortesino, I see, I just keep...
Just to keep you on your toes, okay?
What religion are you?
Catholic 39, atheist 30, atheist one
About 30, man
Jew 21, Catholic 39, that's our Hispanic crowd out there
Right?
Showed up
And they believe that crap
And the eye is serious too
You know, don't you think I've done a few of these polls my time?
We've done that and that was shocking to me of the atheist and agnostics
Most of them before were Christians, not Jews
I would have thought that too
Jew
Jewish 22, that's 15.9%
And you're saying 70%
You got a long way to go here
Agnostic 21, Protestant 7, Buddhist 2, do you have any Chinese people that come in?
Thank you, very few
Not too many here
We'll send some down from Toronto
I'd like that
Fundamentalist born again Christian 2, Wicken 2, we got some witches out there
Do you have any Wikens come in?
I don't know that they've had a fight down the cell
Maybe they've come out there, they've had a lot of Wickers come out there
Maybe they've had a motorcycle
Wikens 2, Sikhs 2, well you've got plenty of Sikh customers
Muslim 1, Christian side is 1, Mormon 7th Ave, Scientology 10 to 0 so far, the 1st 138
Did you know there's more and more women riding sport motorcycles now?
Vespas?
No regular sport bikes
Really?
Getting to be a big thing
That article in the paper about it about a week ago
Been seeing that
Interesting
Have you reloaded at the Harley shop when we do those appearances there?
Yeah, but that's probably Dikes
No
Straight women on motorcycles?
Professionals, young or old?
I could see, I could see like Jan Orino giving a per red pickup truck and driving a big Harley
Oh, I can see he's going to be dangerous on that
These are the sport bikes
In fact, I can see your driver through the gates of Sister Jean's joint
Can't you see that?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T
Jeff is looking for some Jews out there to do business with
If there's looking for anybody to do this
And if you want a sense of pictures, we'll see what kind of business he's talking about
WQAM
You might think I'm crazy when I say this but I know I'm
Are you crazy or what?
Kind of
I'm kind of crazy
A great poll would be when mode dies, which part of his body would you want?
I bet his wig would get the most
Oh man, you're bad
We're taking it
Check it out
I had a poll, I had a choice for your poll
Which poll would I like, which place would I like to visit?
And where would that be, sir?
The Playboy Mansion
Okay, thank you so much, you didn't get it either
That's okay
He didn't understand it
Not kind of like a building, okay, not a ballpark, not a building
A place, a city, a state, a country, a joint
By the way, you know to speak in a joint's Toronto, the cops are having a fit now because there's no laws anymore
It's in limbo until they finalize the decriminalization
No, seriously, there was a story on Saturday I believe it was where they showed kids
Actually, recently, not only smoking but blowing the smoke toward the cops
I mean, not writing their face but blowing it at them because they know they can't do anything
Because there's no laws on the books
So they're not even writing the tickets now because the decriminalization thing is still in limbo
Oh, it's the politicians vote
What do you mean by that?
So get to that, I mean that's ridiculous to have people out on the streets doing that
The criminalization is one thing
Wait
I want to say that I want to break this beer
I want the audience to know that if this man's legs are crossed, his eyes are crossed, his fingers are crossed
And even his testicles are crossed right now as he's sitting on a chair
Not true
But I'm not saying there's anything wrong with it and I like decriminalization and everything else
But I'm just saying to have people out on the street corners whether it's drinking alcohol, smoking dope
They're not drinking alcohol
They're not drinking alcohol
Right, okay
Well, they shouldn't be smoking dope
But do you guys think about that?
Why not?
Because it's just like cigarette smoking anything else, you're bothering it on other people
So if people are smoking outside now, that's bad too
If it's in a surrounding where there's other people
I'm talking about out on the streets, people walking down the street
Okay, and there's other people walking around
You're smoking a camel, you're being a real macho man and you're puffing away outside
What difference does it make?
I don't want to breathe it
So you're going to choke on it
Yeah
And of course we got all those to make up for the SARS people that cut scared away all the pussies that wouldn't come to Toronto anymore
Because they get all panicky because they don't understand the news to make up for that
All the fags from all over the world are coming and getting married in Toronto now
That's right
I saw that on the news
That is correct
See, I'm staying now a good part of the year in a place where it's like progressive
And you're like locked into a place where we're taking gigantic steps back into the stony
That should have legalized gambling
Should have legalized gambling, should have like gay marriages, we should have a free dope for everybody
Legalized prostitution, you have to say that off-mife, we all believe in that, legalized prostitution
Look at the way this station goes, huh?
My god, I can't think of a bigger bunch of prostitutes than all of us that work on this place
And I lead the pack and I'm proud of it, that money goes right to the bank
What religion are you, can't I just keep mentioning this because you're hoping for that Jewish never to go away
It's not going to change that much
Tomorrow morning it'll be different
Maybe not when I'm morning it'll be less
Not when I thought but I think it'll go up
It'll be less
Okay
I'm not your boss better than me
We've done this many times
He's all of a sudden not only is he the pizza expert and the garlic roll expert
Now he's the guy named demographic expert
Grasp being first straws
Because you're full of crap and this is a good education to you
Okay, which is a good sign
It's a good sign, it's good, you want to know why?
Because you've got the Jews rounded up now for business
Now you need to go after the goyam
There you go
See?
Look at all the other potential business we got out there waiting for the great food of the pizza lot
Which is turning into like an hour and a half commercial, which is fine with me, I don't care
We haven't mentioned it twice
What?
Maybe twice I've been the pizza lot in maybe in a one on a corner and out
We'll have sunrise and plantation beyond Walgreens that you can't see from the street but the food is great
Right, and they're both delivered and cater
Okay, catering, cat like 51, atheist 41, agnostic 31, see atheist agnostic 72, see that's my crowd
Thinking intelligent people who come here because they know this is the only show in America where they can come and get the truth
Jew 27, that's 15.6%, that's not changing too much
What if you take the agnostic out of there?
How high is it?
I'm going to start telling stories in a minute
Any minute, I'm just going to tell you
I don't mean anything anyway, that's what you think
That's what you think, we'll let the audience decide about that
Alright, I think I'm going to let you go now because we got one to two and like my kids up at camp
I got to pick your kids up at summer camp and go make some, go make the runs
Get a few goi in there, it'll be great
Okay, we got plenty of goi in the plantation
Summer time
Summer time, go eat at the pizza lot, tell them that you know Jeff Rimmer, okay, it'll be 200% off the regular price
Above the regular price, by the way, go to the offense, who will be great this year, you heard it here first
I'm going to tell you right now that the patriots are going to win the division in a romp
No way, hands down, you'll see
I'll bet you a week's worth of some
You'll see, you only hope that the dolphins have is that Brian Greasey gets in there real early
Jay Fiedler is great, guy was injured last year, man, you can't play injured
I understand he's Jewish
That has nothing to do with it
He can't be honest
And you know what, it isn't just the borderline
The duck anymore, he never go to a super bowl with Jay Fiedler, record it back right at that
Not really, not really win a super bowl, they will never win a super bowl with Jay Fiedler
He tries hard, he tries an overachiever, but he doesn't have it, he's surrounded by an awesome group now
Well good luck to Jeff, I've seen you, get out of here
1258, you just like Jimmy Johnson, we got a shot
You know, the same old dolphin stuff, but that's good because optimism is great
And I've seen it in great launch, thanks by the way, thanks very much
See how do our good friend when he gets out
For years we've been telling you about a really good product that's excellent for you
And do we have a log for the last hour?
I just mentioned I'm interrupting myself, but I'm just kidding
Yeah, okay, that would be nice
That would be kind of nice
Olio made his great stuff, in fact even Toronto, they shipped me a bunch
And I pop it in my purse for my blood pressure every day
This isn't just ordinary olive oil in these capsules, it's super concentrated
Loaded with all kinds of health benefits for you
Olio made every day can produce the risk of heart disease, high cholesterol
And there are 14 different olio made formulas you can choose from each one combining
The purist, the finest, the bestest is olive oil on a planet with vitamins, minerals and herbals
To support specific health needs, from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system
Just pick out the formulas that are right for you and now you've got three new olio made formulas
Want to help your sleep?
Want to help you control your weight and sell Q10 for your heart
Pick some up today what you're doing, you're shopping
Pick olio made up at public secures, Walgreens, Whole Foods, markets, numerals and sedans
Or order it online at oliomadeamerica.com
If you want more info on your products and what they can do for you, call them toll free and ask away
Call 1-866-Ollio made
That's 1-866-6536-333 for better health start popping at olio made in your big fat push today
5-Elecord, this is 5-Sit-Elecord, the radio's all yours
Q-A-N
The water took to the lower
Back down
Boom, back down
Boom, back down
Boom, back down
Boom, back down
The world is ours, that's little boy gets anything he wants
The stash is down, so dumb is gone
And now every corner has a chevrore wrong back down
Most of them are dead back down
Shots and quarters in the head back down
Make that oil flow and get that price a gas down low
We're giving them a taste of the vodka scene with the crack there, barrel and apple fees back down
They gorge from war is one back down
We only just begun back down
The world is ours, you know, I'll have a bag of deep fried kitty toes to go
Just like the Nazis in World War II
There was a whole lot of art for the brass of the boost back down
Grab everything again back down
They won't be doing that again back down
Hey, if you want two waters, anybody know what the rattlers for?
You want some water? Well, now it's ours
We'll sell you a bottle for a nominal chart back down
Look at the stocking decks back down
I ran this gun to be back back down
Now push this gun
That is little boy gets anything he wants
That is little boy gets anything he wants
That is little boy gets anything he wants back down
Boom, back down
So how do I get this to Desert Scorpion, huh?
We can't put Operation Iraqi Freedom on anymore, especially with all these people dying every day
But now we've got Desert Scorpion
Have you ever seen a Desert Scorpion together with a Gambian rat?
No, it's something to think about
And of course if you get a Gambian rat and it's bit by a Desert Scorpion
Then you've got real service man, you got real problems on your head
Thanks to Jeff Cohen for coming into a nice hour and a half spot
Huh? Yeah
That was a piece of cake that was easy and the lunch was very good too
And he was wondering how come I was like, you know, he brings that aluminum foil thing which is nice for a takeout
But this is a radio studio, this is in the restaurant
It wasn't until I just got back, now of course it's, it's Forels restaurant and drugs
Licker and drugs
Hey wait till we bring the Stokeys back, that'll be good because Ken my limo driver yesterday came in a couple of big fat ones
And cigars too
Alright, contraband Stokeys we hope
Oh yes, of course
Well you know something I never thought about that enough, I tried to bring, I guess you can't do it Kenya
Because in every street corner in Toronto like all over downtown, I have Cuban cigars, any kind of cigar you want
You can't bring them in
You can't bring them in, right?
They actually shred them right there at the airport if you try
Really?
They crumble them up and throw them in the garbage
Because the customs people were selling them
So now they have to in plain view destroy them
Well see as you're going out of the airport in Toronto you go through US customs only only coming in you go through Canadian customs
So as you're going out you go through US customs so I guess that would be the, yeah that's the Chigren Wupa
Shred my expensive Cuban cigars, damn you bastards
I'll have to start smoking them, Danemon lights again and work up a big tumor
What those were good
Oh yeah they were good but they're bad for you
I was like Forels, I heard it
There you go we just got the answer for George
He's going to be chain smoking Danemon lights from now for next couple of days
A few days
Bring it, bring them
Now don't do it, they're bad for you
Because they got their paper in them or something right and floor sweeping
Ooh and sawdust
And that's why your voice sounds like kind of gravelly
Yeah
Bad stuff, I was starting to get like a little pre-tumor on my tongue from that crap
I think it was from that
Maybe it was just a chanker
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T
I never dreamed we'd be doing a religion pool but see and of course I can't blame Jeff
Because we always used to think the same thing right?
What?
I bet there were more Jews listening in this audience?
I never thought that
And also the Agnato lights because you chased most of them away
But also the agnostics in the atheists I assumed that a very high percentage of those were Jews
And before they just realized it was a wonderful craze
As a matter of fact
But they weren't
But they weren't not in this audience, you know, let me finish the sentence
We've done that pool and they weren't
Most of them were Christians
Probably a lot of Catholics who saw through a whole bull crap
Really?
Old man in the dress
That exists
All these people carrying around as big heavy wooden crucifixus
Like the one that was on the wall in La Cajafol
It's not too late for you Dennis
That was kind of sad, you know, that he left her standing there holding the cross
Well, he had to get that super to bowl before the guy got his glasses on
And saw those Greek boys having a lot of fun
And they were having a good time
Five
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, pound, five, six, eight, we got six, six, six, Catholics
Forty-six, eight, the is forty-five agnostics
You know, I'm amazed we got this many of anything because quite frankly, there's nobody here
That's why I came back just to have a party for a week
We just got a big party here
And Moe, you're not invited
We have a new feature on a show that's called the QM Celebrity of the Week
The QM Star of the Week
That's a better name
And this week it's Joe Rowley
That's here for Joe
When you agree?
We just took a pool, it was unanimous in a building, Howard David's a bitch
I dumped the bitch right now
Made coming in on Saturday worth a while
They wrecked the room after I cleaned it up
You know what that reminds me of?
A lot like, in the same vein, it's something I played for you not too many days ago
Hello
Randy
I don't hate you at all, congratulations
I'm here
Get out of here, Meg
You want to know something?
Truthfully, I'm happy for you
Why are you happy for me?
Because I am going to my boat
We're going out for a cruise, I'm having for the 4.5 years, my first weekend's off
I'm promoting my video, not for you
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I figured it was some kind of promotion thing
No, no, no, not at all, I'm just saying that I welcome you to the station, honest to God I do
Really?
Trust me, I'm not lying
I called to congratulate you
Well Meg, can I just ask you one lousy question then?
Sure
Why on your last show? Did you say I didn't have a chance in hell of doing anything over here?
It's W-I-D
But I made a mistake, I made a bad call
Sam, why?
I'm only listening to you, and I think you're fun, and I think it's perfectly okay to have relax and have fun on the weekend
Honest to God, I needed to
Yeah
How's that? And I'm enjoying listening to you, and it's no full
Now, have a good day
See ya, don't believe the word of it, man
Stand here and trash me for a whole afternoon
A whole afternoon, say here and say I didn't have a chance in hell, I had no talent, what the hell was I doing here?
Boy, Gary made a big mistake
Now she wants to promote something at our tailgate party, so she's gonna kiss a little butt
I dumped the bitch right now
Nine minutes after one at 560, W-I-D-Q-M, 560, 7-0, 560, 05, 560, on the AT&T Verizon Wireless Line
W-I-D-Q-A-M, hello
Yeah, Neil
Yes, sir
It's Woody Graver
Hi, Woody, oh brother
Welcome back
Sure
To our wonderful South Florida
There's another guy with a ponytail, we got Jimmy Elvin walking around with one, we got Jeff who just shaved his off, then God snapped it off, and then we got to Woody Graver, Mr. Ponytail
Yeah, well Jeff doesn't look as good as he did with the ponytail
You said, hell of a lot better without it, without that crap on his fingernails, too, he looks almost human
Listen, I gotta tell you, you know, the people that I've met from your show, like Jeff and people like that, Steve and AT&T
They're all new
They're all new
First class, first class, but I gotta tell you, Randy Maltos
The best
The best, I always been an accident, and it wasn't my fault, and I went to court on it, and he represented me
And the witness is bitch, she just lied, and he just ran rings around her
Oh right
And he just put her out of it, and the judge said, not guilty
Oh right
The right, I mean
He knew things that no other lawyer could have ever dreamed of
Right
I gotta tell you, the people from your show, and I've been like gold for me
Every time I have an anniversary without fail, every year on the 1st of March comes a big beautiful thing of a plant
Not just flowers, but a big plant with Randy Maltos and the ticket defense team for as many years as I can remember
He's one of the very best
Oh totally, totally, and he was magnificent in court with me
I gotta tell you, I, you know, I was, you know, really scared going in, especially when she was in the show
That lady started lying, and he just put me right at ease
Excellent
I'm glad to hear it, Woody, and don't do it again
I will try to stay out of it as much as possible, and welcome back, hope to see you sometime
OK, get in her cut
Thank you
Thanks, see ya
Bye
How do you like that?
You know what, sorry, everything is fitting together like the pieces of a jigsaw puzzle
Plus, I ate on a ear here
Well, I won't be doing it tomorrow
Because I got to go to Mommy's tomorrow for lunch and probably get that ground brown as
he's famous for.
Maybe she'll even stick a little bit of that X-Light that she's been bragging about lately.
Hi, you think she might just put something in here?
That's brilliant.
Yeah, it's the old brown round.
Maybe she'll make you some brownies.
Oh, please don't do it, ma'am.
5'6, 7'5, 60, 0.5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
And you know, Jeff's a good guy, but the point I was trying to make there is Joe Rose had
the balls to tell like it was about Howard and to out him about trying to call behind
the scenes and you know control what he says on here.
He's not going to put up with it.
And it was the same with Randy, even though of course she takes herself far too seriously
now.
And she's going to save the world, but at least her intentions are good.
You know, and she had the big pair to stand up against the radio station against management
and tell him to shove it and against small potatoes like smeg green until her were to stick
it to.
Oh, my, oh, my.
Damn, I wore much better pants when my career was alive.
You can't get out more, mo.
You're not in the way in here.
Hey, you want something to eat?
What do you got?
Nothing, but I can pull something out of my ass.
No, Moa.
I got it.
I'm going.
I'm starting a new business.
Very no kidding.
Yeah, I'm going to be a hooker.
I'm proud of my mumble.
Thanks, Moa.
Oh, yeah.
You sure you want something to eat, huh?
Oh, I can tell you.
Hey, what are you?
You're out of your mind.
Oh, no, no, no.
I don't know what you're talking about.
You just took a pistol of white bulls.
Never description you're more on.
I got him from my deductor.
What doctor?
Doctor.
Doctor.
What's it through you?
Who looked my hair and grew up in a skew?
Oh, my God, this place is a mess.
And my underwear smells like hot.
My glory.
I did out of here.
My favorite show is on.
We got a loser.
Moa's going in this from prestigious broker at home,
son.
Yeah.
What the fuck?
I mean public.
I'd just like to see.
That's a lovely dress you got on there, your homo.
Thank you.
I am such a dreamer, I feel like running down this street.
Hey, kid.
Look, look, I'm a naked man.
You want to make me cow-hatch, though, am I?
Oh, look, you want to make me cow-hatch?
And come here.
I'm going to make my highly desirable hair.
I'm asking you, boy.
You're going to make me naked, man.
I'm a naked man.
Can I have a great day, all this?
Hey, you baby.
I'm a naked man.
Take a look at this hair.
Moa, look.
Hey, man.
Hey, man.
Stop it, stop it.
Oh, I was on radio, you know.
I was on the radio.
Just so kind of told that you won't feel that thing.
I was on the radio.
I was on the radio.
Oh, hello.
Up and I decided to stop by and see how you were doing.
Oh, that guy, guy.
Oh, this is terrible.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
One 18 to 560 WK.
Look at that phone, man.
Are they excited to have me back in town or what?
No.
I don't care.
Plus you said it sounds better in Toronto anyway.
You said the microphone sounds better.
You mentioned you sound all happier and full of piss and vinegar.
I'm not unhappy.
We had my, oh, whoa, you know something?
What happened?
This is the first day back.
I'm just here for a few days.
What did I just do?
Take a big crap.
Eight?
That's coming.
I ate.
Right.
And that's going to make you sick and fat.
And then I'll have another stroke, another pulmonary embolism,
anambitery pulmolism.
That's a mention you're gurd.
And having my girdle act up, I'll be like pukin my guts out.
This is allergic to this place.
This place makes me sick in more ways than one.
It really does.
Look, I don't care where you live.
But I think that there are a lot of people.
Maybe they live in some place almost their entire life.
But then they finally realize I've been here too long.
See?
So that's why I've been able to do the show in Toronto a good part of the year.
Except when it gets colder and hell up there in November.
But it's a wonderful thing.
Because I don't have to be a prisoner to being here.
In fact, even for real, who has given me to business,
oh, you got to get back down here.
He realizes not that's ridiculous.
He admits he loves Toronto.
He likes it even better than New York.
He would give his life not to be able to do the show
from some civilized place to not be here.
He's not a dummy.
He realizes he's in God's waiting room.
That's why he's going out of South Beach.
Get him a big penthouse apartment down there.
Now, you don't think that doing a two-hour show from eight to ten,
he's really making the kind of money that he can afford
a penthouse apartment on a beach.
No.
Of course not.
So you know that whatever is in a wings here.
I mean, at least Geldie, give him some credit.
Okay?
You remember Daniel and Lyon's then?
You remember the handwriting on the wall?
Right.
See, Geldie, at least, is sharp enough to see the handwriting on the wall.
As opposed to some people who are in denial,
like Cleopatra, they're in denial.
And they just refuse to say, oh, well, that's going to be great.
See, I guess he's assuming that if Geldie leaves,
then it's a logical team.
A team him up with the for-elf in the morning show.
Is that going to happen?
No.
Of course not.
Then the Chinaman's chance in hell, that's going to happen.
Maybe he'll do updates.
He can do the updates.
Like on the Joe and Mark show would be good.
Between two and five.
For-elf, five to ten.
Us ten to eleven thirty.
Five six seven, oh five sixty.
So anyway, after today, guess how many shows I have left
before you start to summer schedule, Mr. Houch.
Until before the July.
Ten?
Dan Marino's number.
Lucky thirteen.
Thirteen.
There is George's football knowledge right.
All his sports knowledge wrapped up in one word, thirteen.
See, he knew that.
Yeah.
We just finished with Friday the thirteen.
And I'll have thirteen more of these shows.
Not that I'm counting.
Nothing I'm kind of like, you know,
because I realize everybody's gone anyway.
That was a pleasure.
And now that we're back on ten to two,
this is like hitting my life back.
And of course, I could, you know, go through a big thing.
Oh, thanks to Greg for-
No, not thanks to Greg.
He deserves a smack in the head.
For a screwing me up for a year or a plus, for a year and a half.
In which I had a stroke and I was done here for seven weeks at a time,
sitting here getting fatter and fatter and eating and getting fatter and less and less active.
When I just walked to the convenience store to get newspapers and soda in Toronto,
I'm doing more walking, just walking to the store and going back home than I do here in a year.
This is a place to get sick and die.
Not necessarily in that order.
Well, you could park your car at the sawgrass and then walk home.
Yeah.
Right.
And at 14 feet of water they used to be parking lot.
Sure, there is something in here.
Are you sure you people don't have SARS?
No, I'm not sure.
Which Dr. D'Acuuna, by the way, is one of the big Coouna,
one of the big, a medical hot shots in Toronto.
He started suggesting that the US has a much bigger problem than they're admitting with SARS,
but they're alive and-
We wouldn't lie on the idea.
They charged him up real fast.
They said, they said, you don't think we got problems with exporting beef and stuff like that?
Just wait until you see how antsy they get.
We have veys.
Yeah.
Of getting back at them.
And what they call it is pneumonia three.
Now, if you do a Google search,
be in your boy, do a search on Google for SARS or no for pneumonia three.
And the fourth definition is SARS.
So they can categorize it as pneumonia three.
And just pretend we don't have a SARS problem here.
They could call it happy, fun feeling illness.
They could call it monkey love virus.
Monkey lovepox.
Anything.
They can call it lucky, what's the name of that hen?
The henny penny.
Licky, licky, licky, henny, something like that.
Yeah, virus.
Anything they want?
You said pull it.
No, I didn't say pull it.
I said keep on.
I was thinking about him.
W-Q-I-M.
Q-I-M.
Yeah, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Talk to your Reverend Jones, I think.
That was a great.
Yes, it is.
Maybe it wasn't.
I think you sound too much like him.
It was a great pit to do.
You're only.
But he sounded, yeah, you just sound too close to somebody we don't want to talk to.
Okay, change your voice.
Call like this next time.
W-Q-I-M.
Yeah, how you doing, Neil?
Pretty good.
Hey, I was listening to that show on Saturday Live with Joe.
That must have been something live, huh?
Yeah, well, I like Joe a lot.
Except my wife won't let me watch a channel nine because of that Beno Shmit and that, that's
concave or whatever, that tarot or whatever.
But anyway, a little bit after he made those comments about the moe, the only thing that stuck
is that I have to sit to that next to that bastard on the plane.
Hey, I don't know if that was his terrible.
Really?
I guess it's a dolphin plane that they must have signed seats or something.
Well, what the hell is Joe doing on the dolphin plane?
I guess he covers it for, uh, channel nine.
Oh, I see that's right for channel six.
You keep saying channel nine, but last time you're talking about it on your cable probably.
Right, right.
With nine on the cable.
You have one of those, like, your cable.
Can I say hello to someone who just got out of the hospital?
Sure, go ahead.
My cousin Roger, he had that stomach reduction because he was on the verge of, you know, borderline
dial Z.
Exploding, yeah.
And he listens to you.
He's already lost 50 pounds.
All right.
So I just want to say thanks and glad you're home and see you after him.
Thanks, Pally.
All right.
Keep up the good work, Roger.
Okay, lose that way.
Don't be like to be.
Don't like a backtrack because they're going to start getting like a disease on the end of your nose.
I'm telling you, that's just the beginning of a Pinocchio nose like Boba head.
That thing is going to ride about 15 inches.
But he did give us some good, oh, wait a minute.
Wasn't him.
He was just some unnamed fat guy that gave us the information about guilty this morning.
Could have any kind of fat guy in his little short, wrote ten.
Could have been Josh Freeman.
He's not here.
I'm a could have been fat boy.
I don't think he's in the building of the.
No.
Could have been Julio the engineer, but he's not here.
No.
So I guess it narrows it down pretty much five, six, seven.
Hey, I don't care.
He wants to play.
And he's so compulsive.
He doesn't really care.
You know what I'm saying?
In other words, he's such a compulsive yenta, but even if I out him on the ear is telling us all this stuff.
And you know, see, he's not working most show anymore anymore.
So it's making a difference because now he's with for real.
And he's that.
That's why he's got that brown spot on the end of his nose.
So he doesn't give a crap about that.
Now he doesn't have to soak up the mo.
So he had a little episode of the copying machine.
Did you hear about that?
And he had a copy of the log or some damn thing for for all show and morning and Mo was out there standing up against the machine.
And he said, Mo, how are you?
I guess you should recall a mo.
How are they going to get out of my way?
I got it like I make a face.
He said, be sure to get the knives out.
You heard that bucket in the getting the getting soon knives out.
Everybody else is a backstabber.
Mo accept you.
Everybody else is out of line except you, Mo.
But I never expected all this momentum when I got back to town.
You know, I thought I thought that now we shoved him in the middle of the night.
He was small potatoes, but in his case, it's momentous until he closes that door when his ass the last time.
I don't think that's ever going to happen.
I wonder what the Humper is thinking about.
Thanks God.
Have a nice day off today.
Nice going, Humper.
I want Betcha.
He's squeezing himself.
He's so excited about this.
In fact, you know, that's an excellent poll for tomorrow.
What person inside what QA and personality despises Mo the most?
The most the most.
Yeah. Don't you think that's now that's a tough one.
I don't know who I vote for.
I'm not even sure if I vote for myself.
We need to have a contest.
Yeah.
Like a slap fight or something or like those padded clubs like they have on the American lady.
Or maybe a civic cat poll would be good.
A tug.
A tug of war on the old peace.
What religion are you asking?
And poll number three today.
What was your poll intensity?
You know, nothing like it in three polls in one day.
Catholic 83, agnostic 62, atheist 59, Jew 46, 15.3% ponytail.
Protestant 26, fundamentalist born again, Christian only five.
Not too strong there.
I'm too bad.
Hope you have a good life with your president.
Wicken 4, Muslim 3, Sikh 3, we got three sickies out there.
Buddhist 2, Christian scientist of peer, 7th day of Venice 1, Scientologist 1, Hindu 1, and Mormon 1.
Did you see the, I talked about it last week, the invasion of the Mormon bugs.
What do they call those Mormon crickets?
The Mormon crickets.
Thank you Carlos.
Thanks Carl.
Well he knows because I gave him the story.
They look like grasshoppers.
They look like mean.
They look like kind of the Mohawaii Davidative grasshoppers.
What makes them Mormon?
They're wearing a tie.
No, they have magic underwear.
Which protects them from the environment.
Is there like chewing their way through Iowa and Nebraska?
Oh, did you, what I just did?
You growled.
I know I did a, uh, for real.
I think it's contagious.
I think there's something he's got.
Forget about stars, forget about monkey pox.
I think there's something he's got.
I think we're all getting it.
I think we're all getting it.
This is sports radio, five six, QA.
Okay, it's inkblow.
Hey Steve.
Hey Jim.
Say, did you get a haircut?
Nope.
Boy, cause there's something different about you buddy.
What's different about Jim?
He just asked his doctor about Viagra.
Hey Jim, have you lost weight?
Nope.
In fact, I've gained a few inches.
If you know what I mean.
Viagra.
It can change the way you feel.
Oh, who just popped me in the ribs?
Oh hi, Jim.
Have you been working out?
Nope.
But I'm feeling pretty pumped up.
See the difference Viagra can make in your life.
Oh, Jim.
Is that a pocket fisherman in your pants?
No, but I am in the mood to drool for snapper.
Viagra.
It'll change you for the better.
Hi there Jim.
Say, did you get a raise?
Yeah.
You could say that.
Ask your doctor about a free sample of Viagra.
But please, wait until you get home to take one.
I'm back.
I'm back.
Speaking of that, we had a great stir round on Webster.
Was it yesterday or Saturday?
Well, you kind of like slopped over and knew from Monday to the other.
He, I think he must be doing like heavy drugs on a weekend.
On the week because the Saturday, I mean heavier than usual.
Because the Saturday story is now kind of like slop over and early Sunday.
Which actually, it went that's good.
Because otherwise they have to wait till like later in the afternoon before it.
It looks like we just kept the same crap on there all weekend.
We don't get as many hits.
And then Eric itself been out of shape.
But what?
I didn't think that was a very good invitation.
I thought it was kind of weak myself.
Look at that.
This man is purple in the face.
He might have a stroke in there.
Maybe it's your turn this time.
Good.
Look at it.
We were here all day Saturday.
And the internet went down here.
Yeah.
Oh, that's why you didn't get the other stuff on there.
So, woo.
So, Eric, well that's the sound that bad people make sometime, okay?
So, Eric up there.
He's getting on.
No.
It's a good thing we got that ballgame coming up.
If nobody's listening, there would be a real trouble.
Get on this high-pressure.
What is...
Oh my god.
If I could get a million people after that.
I've got these two going right now.
I'd be worth 100 million.
Bucks.
Good.
God, Eric.
I guess you both are going to the same thing now.
Both are Brian.
Well, he started.
I got something for him too.
Oh!
Anyway, getting back to that Viagra thing, which is the reason I played it before he interrupted me with a bunch of hysterical laughter.
The William Brickley company is patented away to make its double-year pleasure slogan more potent with chewing gum containing the active ingredient in Viagra.
Are you ready for that?
Double your pleasure and double your fun.
But with about eight years left, I'm Fires' own patent for Viagra, the maker of double-ment and juicy fruit has no immediate plans to market such a product itself.
There's been no development activity whatsoever, and there was any anticipated present Christopher Damott.
Wouldn't that be great if you could just pop a stick of juicy fruit in your push?
And you're all of a sudden you had this wicked erection like for hours and...
I want the gum that makes you limp.
We filed dozens of patents on an annual basis with interesting or intriguing comments, he said, whoever this Christopher Wigga.
But there's a huge difference between filing for a patent and actually developing a product and finding what it's exactly right for commercialization.
The government have to be tuned at least 30 minutes before sex, also some are in the Viagra time parameters.
The application also suggests that gum might be a better vehicle to deliver the drug right into the bloodstream since it releases the drug more gradually than Viagra's pill form, which has caused gastrointestinal problems for some men.
How do you like that?
And since they played the Cubs play a wriggly field, and Philip Riggley was the one who like found it a franchise, they could like hand it out right at Cubs games, okay?
Then Sammy wouldn't be the only one with cork in his batter pan, so?
Anyway, this is also speaking of a bat in your pants.
Popstar Brittany to get heaving bosoms in the UK.
Oh right.
US Popstar Brittany Spears is to get a pair of inflatable throbbing breasts that will pulsate in time to were dancing, at least her wax work model of Madame Tussaud's Museum in London.
I wonder if they have the... because there's a Madame Tussaud's in Amsterdam, which you don't want to go there by the way Amsterdam blows now.
But they have a Madame Tussaud's right to under by the Dam square.
You know that Dam square?
Dam it.
And I wonder if they have the similar... I don't know.
You think they would all have the same stuff?
Are they like franchises of each other?
I don't know.
They have his kidney coronary donals and Kentucky fry.
There were plans to make a new figure of Brittany Spears, a spokeswoman said on Friday she'll be very sexy and she'll have heaving bosoms, but this is only the very early stages of planning of development, so to speak.
She said the model would be based on one of Brittany's videos in which he dances breathlessly around a pole.
No, not yours.
It would be accompanied by professionals who would teach museum visitors the tricks of the trade.
The initiative is the latest by the museum to make its models not just visual but tactile.
Brad Pitt has got a squeezable latex bum.
But Brittany, that's just... so... the brits are so stupid.
It's funny though.
It can't say ass, but he's got a latex bum, but Brittany would be the first with heaving bosoms out of the spokeswoman.
Can you imagine the size of the bum that the JLoans figure could have?
God, take up a whole section of the damn joint.
Heaving? They'd be heaving. I'd be heaving just thinking about seeing it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Poverty and screenless here today. Not much of a response. Everybody's out of town. That's okay. We're used to. We've got a lot of stuff going on inside.
Heavy duty inside.
Boy, do we ever?
Boy, howdy.
Man.
Woo!
What religion are you? This is pole number three for a Monday.
We got 334 votes. I just mentioned that in passing. This isn't even really a pole.
Just kind of like our survey that we do, not usually as often, but just to pass if I Jeff Cohen. He wants some go-amers customers.
Catholic 95, agnostic 68, atheist 66, Jew 52.
Oh, that's my favorite station, Jew 52.
What do they play there?
All day long.
Oi!
What's that?
Jew 52. We got 50 and a half percent.
Protestant 28.
Fundamentalist Morgan Christian 5.
And four Wickedons. We got four witches out there.
Which one you like best?
That one.
We got four Wickedons. Well, let's not have that conversation again. I got a headache just thinking about that.
I still, I don't understand that.
Well, we, and then of course we also have the travelers, but that's not a religion.
That's a cult.
Yeah. Well, that's a group of people.
A group group?
They might have a religion, but it's a ethnic group.
Yeah. That was a religion.
Is it religion? It came out or Walmart?
Well, speaking of Walmart, by the way, we hate them like boys.
I just mentioned that.
Not for a special reason. Just because there are many special reasons.
For a lot of special reasons, because like I said, we hate them like boys.
Why in local? We're sports radio 560s. You and you AM.
Also, no sub-aul.
Spreading like crazy.
Oi!
Spreading their charms.
Yeah.
Soon they'll be buried.
And eaten by worms.
Yes.
People don't come together.
People they stay apart.
You want me to trust you, Dara?
Nothing can stop it now.
No.
Because we are all scared of some.
Don't go to Asia.
Don't go to Hong Kong.
Stick clear of Toronto.
If you want to live long.
People don't live forever.
People must all be apart.
But no one wants it to happen now.
That's why we are scared of stars.
I think we're gonna be.
People don't come together.
People they stay apart.
Okay, so 141.
We got the Marlins.
What am I saying?
Two girls teams.
You have hurricanes.
We got them in Southwest Missouri State.
That's a Southwest Missouri, but Southwest Missouri State.
Girl School for the handicap.
Big college World Series game.
Come up to a clock this afternoon with Joseph Gackie and Clarence.
Where's Don Bailey Jr.
And the beast and the guns.
The beast is not out there.
The beast got left here.
They shine his ass.
Oh, that's right.
They shine his ass.
He's a bitter young man.
That's why he's running around to spread all that gossip.
In fact, if he can't work here anymore,
he's gonna go to work for Rente Yenta.
How much?
How much in Aua?
Eight bucks.
Anyway, this is a distressing thing.
So we got, seriously, his Clarence on those games.
And does it say on the schedule I wouldn't say it does?
He is on those games.
How embarrassing.
Here's the guy that's supposed to be our program director.
I don't want to like bust his balls because he doesn't give me a paycheck on time.
But program, let me tell you when you know a guy's been doing much,
much too heavy drugs and drinking.
When he wears sunglasses inside.
There's only two groups of people who do that.
And that is super ultra stylish,
Hispanics and Italians and drug addicts.
So which one do we think, Beener Boyd?
Well, he is one and thinks he's the other.
I said super stylish.
Not guys that wear like a crappy, crappy cap.
Like an army fatigue cap.
Whatever the whole thing is.
What is that?
It's a kangaroo cap.
It's a root cap?
Yeah, once worn by RuPaul.
Man, I think it's nasty.
He thinks that the sunglasses make people not notice how high he is.
Is that what it is?
Yeah, that's a good idea.
Scott Peterson fetching loads of letters.
This story makes me one of them.
But it's so typical.
It is so typical of America's infatuation
and love affair with scumbags from Charlie Manson
to a surhan, surhan.
I mean, you name it.
They never found a scumbag.
They weren't obsessed with.
OJ.
And John Hinckley and Ted Bundy.
Michael Jackson.
No, I'm not talking about those scumbags in prison,
which he belongs to everybody's not there yet.
Scott Peterson charged with murdering his pregnant wife and their unborn child as receiving stacks of letters in jail.
Many of them from women.
A fellow one may told him Odesto B. newspaper that Peterson's correspondence
include a woman serving time from murdering her husband.
Oh, and that'd be great to get together.
Oh, what a match.
A guard read the letter aloud and make Chris Young said,
Peterson has pleaded innocent to double murder charges that make a military for the death penalty out of Yania.
Late last week, a judge issued a gag order burying lawyers witnesses and police officers from public discussing details of the case.
Judge Al Jurellami said the gag order was the only way to stop leaks and rumors from derailing his right to a fair trial.
Stanislaus County Sheriff's Deputy Tom Leetwist confirmed that Peterson gets more male than most inmates, but wouldn't elaborate.
That's typical.
It says it's not uncommon for young men accused of terrible crimes received letters from female admirers.
Oh, a lot of sick women out there.
Lot of really desperate sick women.
You think that clearance maybe might be able to get laid because he just doesn't know where to find the right ones.
You know, maybe he spent some time in prison.
He is the program director of this radio station.
I think that's a big step in the right direction.
If you ask me, a lot of criminal activity going on in this schedule, all of some of it may be corrected soon.
Five, six.
This just caught me totally.
I got out of my car.
I went up the elevator.
I knew Mo would still be here because I saw his big tanks sitting out there.
I figured maybe we'd bond a little bit.
Hello, goodbye.
Which is what we did.
But little did I know that there was going to be, because I didn't know at that point about the Joe Rose thing, which we will play again before the end of the hour.
Don't you think that would be a real good lead in as we get to it, Hurricane Baseball time?
I think it would be great.
No doubt.
In case anybody missed the Mo and Joe confrontation on Saturday.
Bring it.
Yeah.
The Mo's old Joe confrontation.
Don't forget we're going to have swing in Mo on our website sometime today before the day is on.
Also, how we doing on the hot couples contest.
We at least have all the pictures that we got quite a few of them actually.
Like 11.
11, 12 maybe.
Like I said about a dozen.
Is it what I, yeah, about a dozen?
Give or take.
Baker's doesn't or a Jewish doesn't.
They'll be up sometime.
Baker's doesn't.
13 Jewish doesn't 11.
But at any rate, they'll be up there.
Black man.
Some something to Eric has everything.
Sometimes.
Oh, I heard you.
Oh, sometime.
And just as you said, the phone rang and there's Eric on the phone with me to work.
Oh, you know something.
This is worth coming back for a week.
Just it.
You know, it's one thing to hear about it and talk about it.
And I have you describe it to me.
But actually, actually, see him pick them, fold off the hook.
Oh, the name isn't even off my ellipse yet.
I already said it.
No, I'm just having a nervous having a cow in Orlando.
Maybe it's the same cow that did that number on a great morsel on the tell the a roof.
Boy, how's that religion pull coming for Jeff Cohen?
What religion are you?
What we do this about?
I don't know what about once a year about.
So this will be the one for this year.
I don't think we've done it a long time.
100 Catholics.
72 agnostics.
68 atheists.
56 Jews.
15.6%.
That's a little higher than usual.
But we'll see if that stays, you know, Protestant 32.
Fundamentalist born again, Christian five, Muslim five, Wicken five, Buddhist four, Sikh three, Hindu two, two Hindus.
Yeah, it's a reaffreshing like really spirit gum.
Christian sign is two.
Mormons ones.
Have a day of anist one.
So I tell this one.
We lost the Mormons.
You know, where did we go wrong insulting their attire?
The magic underwear, right?
The tie and the fact that I never insult.
I think that those young guys that come with those nice white shirts and black ties.
Do you invite them in for a non-cafe?
I've never had one come to my door.
The only assholes I ever had ever have had my life come to the door of the one of the other ones.
J. W's.
Your home is witnesses with the watch tower ever since I was a little kid.
They were in fact in candidate when the New York on a weekend they'd come pound it on the door.
Oh, the end has come about that was like a hundred years ago.
That was a million years ago.
The other world was ending then still it's still here.
The watch tower, the good news is the days are coming.
They've been about me all this other crap.
And then when I lived in Halea right next to Mommy Lakes Hither, I had them.
I told you that Sunday morning's the week.
Nine o'clock in the morning.
Bang it on a goddamn door.
Wake me up out of a sound sleep.
I go to the door.
Get out of here, you know?
And then they go down the hall and then they got some other getski comes in here.
And he doesn't realize that they've already made their rounds in this side at all.
And he's like this.
I said, take your watch tower and you jackass.
Take your Stone Age Hocus Pocus, mumbo jumbo and go enjoy some New England gumbo.
Get out of here.
Tragic.
I just can't handle it.
Just like this.
How many years have I been telling you?
All this stuff, they shouldn't report anything that happens in the Middle East ever again.
Ever again.
Good plan.
And then it would stop.
It would stop.
There'd be no more settlers making illegal settlements because nobody being pressed by it.
There'd be no more Hamas blowing people, everybody up because nobody would know about it.
Just stop talking about it.
They want to kill each other great.
What, let me ask you this seriously.
What business do we have?
Why should we care?
We shouldn't.
Why should we care about Israel and Palestine and trans Jordan and Jordan?
And why should we care about any of that crap?
They got any oil?
No.
Are they a threat to us?
No.
So who now gives a crap?
I say let's go in here and bomb Saudi Arabia.
I'm high and low.
This is 420560.
Way to A.
The most innovative science fiction film in decades.
And now the long awaited sequel is here and it's not only innovative.
It's inebriated.
The Matrix loaded.
What is the Matrix?
I don't know.
What's that Samuel L Jackson over there?
Hey, Sammy!
I am Lawrence Faceburn.
You talking fool?
The Matrix loaded.
The sequel is six packed with excitement, intrigue and only character who makes even less sense than he did in the original.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
You're telling me aliens are using my body as fuel soon?
That is correct.
Well, I'm gonna get more creeps out then.
Keanu Reeves is back, dodging bullets and bar tabs in slow motion in the Matrix loaded.
With Carrie and Moss as his sexy partner.
Yeah, baby.
Do you come to this play with the Matrix often?
Yeah, leave me alone.
Yeah, I lost my phone number.
Can I have yours?
No, kill!
Drink in the greatest sequel of all time, but Matrix loaded.
153.560.
Q.M. We got the dolphins and the marlins in the dolphins play next.
What?
That was the same difference.
I think it's Hurricane Marlins, also.
Now another stop-floor to desperate situation.
And of course, if the hurricanes win, they'll play tomorrow night at the clock, right against some other against Texas, isn't it?
I do believe.
Texas or Rice whoever wins their game.
And if they lose, it's bye-bye.
Now, I did promise something, and I'll almost forgot.
I want to give you an update of what took place just now off the air, because I think it's important to hear this.
Howard just called the radio station.
Howard David, who I get along with great.
I thought he called me an asshole.
Saying I was trying to stir it up.
My point back to Howard is, don't listen.
Listen to 101.5, let me see what age group.
101.5 for Howard, maybe 102.7.
Some easily listening love music, so you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids instead of listening and always calling the radio station.
He's becoming Howard, the caller, like Howard from Boca.
Howard from Boca?
It's like, you know, it's okay.
So anyway, he's listening.
So I just wanted to get the message out and don't call my show too, just for a record.
Don't call off the air, because I don't want to talk to you.
And I don't want to hear you on the private line.
Congratulations, you know the private line number, that's great.
But don't call, because you're not coming on this show.
You've got your three hours, five to eight, Monday through Friday, you can talk all you want, but you're not coming on this show.
And we'll leave it at that.
All right, I got nothing against you.
You seem like a decent person.
And I know you've been getting a big hit on the radio station from everybody else.
And deserved it.
But it's over, me and you done.
You asshole.
I don't like that.
One of the great moments in broadcast history took place right here on this radio station on Saturday on the little dog, Joe Rochow.
I just wanted to make sure that everybody in town got a little taste of it.
In fact, here's a fact that says, regarding today's poll choices, can the following be added, unaffiliated, none of the above, all of the above?
No. Regarding Mo with his radio problems, if QAM totally dumps the most there are most there in the five AM show,
well, QAM dumping from the dolphins play by player, is he a Mime Duffin employee on that one?
The latter is correct, he's employed by the dolphins.
And regardless of his situation on a morning show, at 3.30 in the morning, whenever he's going to be on, he's still got the dolphin gig for two years.
Most are in mandates, it says, never clicked on the broadcast and never will the guy that replaced the more replaced Bill's infer would at least laugh with and share the spotlight.
Remember those great days when it was like, it sounded like they were having a hell of a lot more fun together?
And share the spotlight with Mad Dog and his mantisisms that we all love and cherish.
Most are caused the game like the Mike spotlight is his and his only.
He wants to hog the Mike.
Plus, while I'm in the bitch mood, hey, Mozo, I'm tired of walking all over the, you walking all over the Mad Dog and his mantisism during the games.
Stop it and share the spotlight you assholes as KP and Coral Gables.
A little bit over the top there, you know what I'm saying?
But I do understand his point.
While Mo has come in here like a whirling dervish, he promised he would re-in-the-vent talk radio or sports talk radio.
And I think he has.
I think he's brought it to a level that we never dreamed.
Well, we could possibly sing too and it's pretty amazing, you know, when to put your thumb right on it.
So what do we got today?
We got kind of a because of this unexpected hurricane game in the middle of the day.
Mad Dog's off today.
The Humper's off today.
Who I'm sure enjoyed each and every moist moment during those replays of the Joe Mo call.
Actually, it wasn't a Joe Mo call on the air. We just Joe responding.
I'm sure the Humper enjoyed every mobile.
By the way, speaking of the Humper, I had to think cute up and now see how you do that to me.
I do that to myself all the goddamn time.
I go to one spot too often.
W-Q-A-M Miami 4 Lorde.
See, there you go.
What we got? What?
I love the way Hank said that.
W-Q-A-M Miami 4 Lorde.
Yeah, I just kind of like, you know, I can't be bothered with this crap. I don't blame him.
If I'd have been in this place as long as he has it, it'd be a miracle that I could even show up.
And of course, that's why I probably isn't going to be here today.
Now, muff was saying, oh, we could have Hank come in for a half hour after the game.
I said, you don't want to do that.
You're going to make a man like Hank come in here for a half an hour.
You don't do that to anybody.
Maybe Mo.
And then we got, after the hurricane, I forgot we have another, we got the Marlins on deck.
The Marlins and the Metz tonight right up the street at PPP Park.
Aren't you excited about that?
The Marlins and the Metz were in a neck to neck, nose to nose death battle for last place in the National League East.
And they are right on top of it.
You remember our Thursday Marlins that were going to win 91 games?
That's what I'm using to me about the sports talk assholes before the season started.
Oh, there was not just one, but a whole bunch of these idiots calling it on the sports station,
it shows on the station.
On the Marlins, they're going to win 90.
Why not just state of Marlins to go to win 150 games this year, huh?
If you're going to pick a number out of your ass, I think the Marlins to go to 163 games this year.
How do you like that?
One more than a whole goddamn schedule.
Oh, we don't, we don't have time.
We got to do the one moment, please.
No, I got to queue up the longer one because we got to get it up to a U.M. baseball.
There we go.
It's big enough U.M. baseball and drugs.
I'm sorry, those are old stories from longer.
Old Omaha stories, we don't want to rehash though, or shouldn't say hash.
So stick around for a big game, man.
It's a do-or-die for the Rickane.
Delkdale beat this girl steam, probably about 15 to three.
What you think?
Huh?
Why do you have your fingers crossed? They're going to do us no good.
How many runs do you think the Rickane's going to score?
But third, man.
Dr. Gage, join us again tomorrow morning 10 to 2 right after a forl.
But Neil's diner and drugs.
Say it, you've heard a bed breakfast, we got the diner and drugs.
Bring it, baby.
Bring it.
They coma inducing Joe Zagaki.
And Clarence who couldn't get laid with the fistful of hundreds of Amsterdam in the red light district.
They'll be a long-term Omaha.
I want to give you an update of what took place just now off the air.
How many times are you going to play that?
About third, man.
Let me QAM Miami forlord.
