Neil, uh, it looks like just the three of us.
Yeah, but we're all left. Well, the more I understand Moe will work his way into a new deal.
Yeah, you've got a job in Santa Fe.
I heard he forced his way into a new deal. Is there a room where I'm here?
I don't know anything about it. I just know that he loves Santa Fe.
I heard that he coerced his way into a new deal extension. Is there a room where I'm here and all the way up here in Toronto?
I hear that you're, um, uh, involved in a...
A kind of conspiracy. I know that I'm ponderant I'm seeing.
Yeah, just to show you the ball that I'm right.
Because I heard the challenge. I got it on tape here.
Six months, let's go.
I got it on the...
That's a ball that has to be six months like climbing a flagpole.
What do you mean by that?
I didn't know way in one day can we determine whose vulgar between you and me?
Because I need six months to show you how wrong you are.
Well, we'll take, we'll take the pool now and in six months from now we'll take it again and...
No, I think we should do it then.
We'll do everything in 30 days then. 30 days.
Well, we'll, we'll, we'll get out of here. 30 days on your website.
You're gonna need progress in the six days. 30 days.
I'm telling you, dude.
Yeah.
Yesterday I changed my five times when I heard about pumping ass.
You better have to be check your tongue for dingle bars this morning because you were sucking on mose but so hard as you were.
You didn't do that. You didn't do that.
You were like, dingle barry.
Then you come into the studio and we're talking to you say, he's show is unlistenable.
Do you work out on a bow flex?
Was that, was that, wasn't that, I, no, but I do like that solo flex guy a lot.
I don't like the solo flex guy a lot.
See how he's tried to change the topic.
Have you ever gone to lunch?
It's no more you use for mosehod.
Didn't you say unlistenable? Come on. I want you to send.
Who, I told you, no, I said, um, he asked me what I thought of the show.
I said, I remember that day.
They, uh, you know, they've really gotten you.
Oh, no, he said, he said, what do you think of the show?
And I said, I want you to hear our hero scot.
No, our savior.
We thought you were the savior.
I said, uh, what do you think of the show?
I said, I said nothing.
I said, I think nothing of it.
You said this morning.
I think nothing of it.
I wrote it down.
You said, it's unlistenable.
I have nothing of it.
I don't listen. I don't care.
I like him as a friend as a golf partner.
I don't have any other problems.
I want to know how you can talk about assholes and rectums all day and have every sponsor in the world.
I'm unsellable.
We don't say anything like that.
We don't say those things.
The assholes and the rectums.
No, rectum.
Coons, fix.
Hey, well, what is that happening with vulgar in the scene?
So you don't know the space or the owner.
You don't know the background of that.
You start to sound like some of those right wing assholes on Fox.
Now, you know the background of why you those words.
Nobody invited me on their show yesterday.
And that O'Reilly guy wants to give me, he wants to add me sued.
Uh, I don't know.
Some baseball player beat up an Italian sausage last night at a game.
I got that story right here.
There was a baseball player beat up a big old beef galbasa.
Yeah, it's on the AP, the Italian job.
Yeah, it's an Italian job.
Randy Simon.
He made it.
The Pirates First Basin was booked for misdemeanor battery for hitting one of the brewer's
popular racing sausages with his bet during last night's game.
Yeah, he tried to hurt him and he hit the girl with it.
It was actually a girl inside a big killbasa sausage.
And she's used to that at night too.
So she got the job.
The sausage suffered scraped knees after the incident at Miller Park.
He drew booze from many of the fans.
He was later used as a pin-hitter and they booed him.
And they all pulled out their sausages.
And he was still alive.
I just thought I mentioned it.
Oh, yeah.
And it isn't half of everything he's been misocciping you today.
Yeah, that's what I'm hearing.
Now I hear they're suing you because you know, I almost had to do with Bill Arrelli about the sausage.
Oh, they tried to give me to go on and talk about Kobe raping young little girls.
Don't get sucked into him.
All they, do you realize that his radio show in our market has a zero?
It doesn't, it doesn't make a whole thing.
He wanted to go on his TV show and I had to make a lot of money just to get to the end trouble.
Yeah, he's tried, they tried the same crap with me.
They wanted to suck me to go on his show and fighting him on my show.
He always has to eat for bad stories like Pete Rose or Kobe Bryant's dick.
I don't care if I tell him.
Kobe Bryant what?
His dick.
Yeah, like he rapes some chick, you know, allegedly and I'm supposed to what?
Listen to the crickets.
I'm on the K-Heein folks.
I'm not here this week.
This is a recording.
It's before the show opens so tightly.
I can envision this morning's meaning with Duff in the Scott.
Oh God, I have so many meetings, you know.
I can't imagine why.
Yeah, I'm such a bad guy.
I'm telling you, I learned everything from you.
This is a little spastic.
You're my mentor and if I couldn't have a better, you see, that's my plan all along for 19 years so I could lead into your show.
I finally hit Utopia.
I mean, there's nothing better than your show.
There's nothing better than your show and my show put together.
All the other shows blow.
That's right.
They're horrible.
Absolutely.
I don't even listen to any station in this town.
The other show is blow.
Don't be picking on a mad dog and a hump.
I love the hammer.
I'm French.
You honestly think I sit around listening to Howard and Manichand and Hammer and listen to Mark and Joe.
I don't even hear his name.
I listen to the U and I don't even listen to me because you know what some of the things I say are.
Your reprehensible.
Your reprehensible.
Your reprehensible.
I couldn't have picked a better one.
Irregular.
How racist.
Outlandish.
That's how he's still alive by the way from misplugged out there.
Who is cast right on the hair at all they yesterday.
The great journalist misplugged.
Who is he?
The only erroneous.
Huh?
Who is this horn?
He's a bitch that used to be the circontaneous state of Florida.
She's the one that was supposedly Ditalin Jeb Bush.
That's what he had the...
When we had the...
I know you've had so many of those.
I wish he was.
Derel Strawberry's dead too.
You know, but he was a Disneyland yesterday.
And the governor is brain dead.
But beside that.
Because it wasn't governor Derel Strawberry.
Governor Bush.
Uh, governor Bush.
Is he our next president?
He's the baddest brother in his family.
He was so pissed off with Clinton.
They did all the pain and skate stuff.
Because they had it mapped out just like they can.
I had no problems with it.
I liked that.
I picked her up for Papa.
And then it was going to be two terms for W.
Did you like her with her Jeb?
Did you like Clinton?
I love both.
I love both.
I love him.
I love him.
If you were a murderer to that bitch,
you'd be a desperate murderer.
I like him.
I like him.
I like all of that, guys.
Great movie I watched last night.
I am guaranteed you loved it.
What?
American Beauty.
Oh yeah, that's a great, great planet.
Is that not a great planet?
That's pretty funny stuff.
And Kevin Spacey was so good in that movie that it was scary.
I love him over there.
I'm over there.
Lifting weights in the garage.
You're a smoking reaper.
Don't spoil the ending though.
The ending was sensational.
Oh, that is just awesome movie.
It's going to be true.
Great.
He's a great actor.
One of those typical retired military assholes.
But anyway.
He's a great actor.
You always do watch the best movies, man.
I told you that once upon a time in America,
the long version when the kids eaten the cream pie thing,
that is great.
That's great.
See what the thing is.
I'm such a pussy.
I've never seen Requiem.
You're going to have to give me a tape.
I've never seen, I've never even got it.
Got it.
Duff has got my tape.
Kilonat.
Duff is in a good mood.
He shaved his mustache.
He's the last question.
When you're in the meeting with him this morning,
be sure to mention I want to get a one-day damn tape.
I just saw Greg Reed.
I think he's going to be in the meeting too.
They're all waiting for me outside the room.
He's in a gray suit today looking good.
I'll have a great meeting, Scott.
Well, great works about one day a month.
You worked two days a week.
Have a lousy day for each toast, please.
You two, yeah.
Leave our buddy Scott alone.
Okay, are you shrieks in a building on your hysterical nervous noise?
Where are you, Drudge Packing?
Friday night on E.
It's the making of the Enrique Iglesias song, Hero.
I can't be your hero, David.
Everything is beautiful.
Oh, Charlie, this is not what Enrique's fans want.
You need to get in there.
You need to get him to cry.
I know, I know.
That's what they want.
I got an idea.
Let me see if this works.
You run.
I know you won't.
Enrique, Enrique.
Yes, my dear.
Guess what?
What?
Santa, he got kidnapped.
And the kidnappers, what they want for ransom is you just sing this song.
Or they'll kill Santa.
That is so sad.
Santa Claus is a beautiful man.
And yes, I will sing this song.
Please kill the music.
And would you run?
I never knew.
Enrique, look at this puppy on the TV.
Isn't he cute?
If he doesn't have a home, he's starving on the street.
Why would he be talking?
Scott on the street.
But if he's selling up records by singing this song,
maybe we can find homes for all the little doggies in the world.
Would you frame them?
Do you think I'm stupid?
Enrique, what do you want for lunch today?
You'll have a big make-up classic from Wendy's.
Oh, they don't even sell that anymore.
They don't make it anymore.
Because you were bad.
I do not know that I'm doing anything.
You know what, though?
If you sing your song, I'll make it for you.
Okay, make-up.
Enrique, you're so stupid.
This weekend on E, it's an exclusive behind the scenes look.
At the making of Enrique Glacier's song, Hero.
Enrique, Enrique, look, this the newest pull is out.
And guess what?
Says you're not sexy anymore.
Don't miss the making of Hero.
Enrique Glacier's Friday night on E, everything entertainment.
Absolutely.
10 past 10 at 5.60 W.D.C.M.
It's been nice being with you here on this great Thursday.
Happy Thursday to you.
Now that we do that lengthy crossover like that,
it's almost time to go home already.
Well, this fact that you just sent to me,
this is like a book about chronic Dennis and about the misfudge.
See, first of all, I don't respond to scumbags.
Okay, to silly self-hating queens like misfudge,
I'm not going to respond to the crap about the nursing home
and I don't have the balls to do this.
I got more balls in one testicle, okay,
than you ever had in your whole life, okay?
So lick them, misfudge.
Yeah, see, this is the reason that I'm a little bit slow, I guess.
But this is the reason that he decided to make a big simmiss about that
and that hoax, Catherine Harris, the way,
which by the way, we corrected twice within a matter of moments,
but the Sun Sentinel left that out and the,
who else was it, and the Channel 6,
and also misfudge, who puts the book,
this is a journalist, he puts a totally bogus story on his website,
and leaves it up all day yesterday, the one from the Sun Sentinel.
After I got through chopping down every sentence in it,
which was totally incorrect,
and also didn't bother mentioning that we corrected the fact
that it was Internet hoax about Catherine Harris,
as if it was presented as a fact in the first place.
But he knew that he was going to be filling for the
a Schmidt-Mise to do there on IOD and the FLA all week.
So let's pick a big thing with the O'Rodger.
And great, listen, keep it up, Matt.
Keep it up, just be sure and pronounce it.
They might in Spelerwatt on your pathetic website.
His big headline in the website this morning is,
it's going to be 115 degrees in Phoenix.
Woo! Heavy duty, boy, what an exclusive that is.
Anyway, we got two big polls we're going to be taking today.
American Beauty, what a great flick that is, boy.
How come it took me so long to get to that?
How come with all these other, you know, I mean,
a beautiful mind, you touted both of you well heavily.
But American Beauty was like an afterthought.
This is definitely in my all-time top 20.
Yeah.
You don't agree? Absolutely.
And there's something in there for everybody in terms of flesh.
What tells his name, Wesley? What is it?
Wes Bentley. Well, I do.
Okay, that may be not important to you.
Wes Bentley, Thoroughburt.
And there you go.
Now, what was the name of the blonde?
Minas Vari.
Who speaks, if you watch the other stuff on the adisk
when you get the DVD,
if you watch the other interviews and all the other crap on it,
she speaks with a heavy, a foreign accent of some kind of blonde.
And you're right, she's really skanky.
The one that Kevin Spacey was having nervous breakdown about one to him.
And then almost did a turn out.
I knew that. She was a liar. She was a virgin.
But I always said to ones who talk about getting the most
or the ones who aren't getting any.
Right. And she's doing this one.
And she's screwing that one. She wasn't screwing anybody.
She was a real desperate piece.
And he said, well, I'm not going to tell you what happened.
See if I say anything.
No, I can give away anything in that story.
Nope.
I know about the kernel.
But at any rate, we're going to see it's already time for a break.
And we haven't even said hello yet.
Thank God. Have a good meeting.
Oh, there are rumors floating around about Moan at contract
and about all sorts of stuff.
It's just amazing what goes on in that place.
1013 at 560 WQM. It's amazing what have figured a Mo.
What happened to his head is the same thing that happens to most guys.
Although most people have got common sense not to leave the house looking like that
with a dead animal on their head.
If you guys want to look younger and better than you ever dreamed you could look again.
And you want to do something about that ugly glaring shiny bald spot
besides the dead animal.
Here's the answer for you.
Chuck Alphierin is natural airline system.
The most amazing hair system in the universe.
And right now Charlie's offering his summer special hair system only
549 bucks for first time customers.
And if you already have any here system you can save yourself 50% on service
and repair all types of systems including shampoo and trim.
So here's the perfect opportunity to give Charlie a try and guarantee is this.
You got nothing to lose but your bald spot because you tried Charlie's natural hair line system
for 30 days if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells.
If you're not getting a lot more action than Kevin Spacey return it for a full refot.
Don't delay call Charlie today and change your life forever.
Look like a men's call 1-800-321-2413.
1-800-321-2413 or check them out on that wicked worldwide web at CharlesAlphiery.com.
We're sports video 560-UAM.
Go up those checkered pants.
Don't miss the latest must have sensation to hit stores.
It's the tickle me bush doll.
This chandering little character from the Pennsylvania Avenue Beltway gang will laugh at anything you say.
Tell old George W. Serpless is all dried up and he'll laugh.
Tell him his military couldn't fight a Boy Scout jamboree on a warm summer day and he can't help but laugh.
And you'll laugh too as this tickle me bush doll puckers his face to one side and wiggles his ape like ears uncontrollably.
Tickle me bush is sure to be the biggest thing since the outboard grows a beard.
Cheapet you'll laugh you'll cry you'll kiss 49.99 goodbye with a tickle me bush doll.
Every Republican household is sure to have what if you act out 10% of every doll soul will support Stam Cell Research.
The Missile Offential and Alaska Oil Drilling.
He's got a plighted ears.
It's the tickle me bush doll.
Herald sword and stores were begun to own NRA propaganda are sold.
1019 to 560 WQM Happy Thursday too.
See miss Fudge if you read that entire thanks to one that's like a book.
Right I didn't.
Got rid of Dennis.
Actually cut off a desperate Dennis old double D.
If you read the whole thing come to find out he was called well if Michael Savage got fired we got a guy here in South Florida.
And went on about you know to miss quote all the stuff I say any inwardness and that and miss drudge to her credit.
Said I've got the right to say whatever I want in as long as I got sponsored see the bottom line is Matt grudge is obsessed with me.
I'm obsessed is this the right now good morning.
Missy hope you had an active night last night.
Even a foamy with yourself.
He's obsessed you remember the day that he was standing in the studio right and we he went to your pizza lots of parents lots of staring.
I think he's got the hot forming I knew somebody would eventually maybe with that eyesight.
Obsessed with me in his program so and that's the real reason he couldn't do it any other way because his right wing buddies would have been pissed off.
That's the real reason that he put that story on there with the picture.
Catherine Harris yesterday and kept it on there all day long because it says WQM host 560 in the over you know top rated the talk host and saw for all of that good stuff.
It was a clandestine way of promoting the show thanks a lot sweetheart but you're not my type.
I don't think he's anybody's type.
Especially with that silly goofy hat at any rate now what is this senator Graham on meat depressed.
Oh yeah you perform well on meat depressed.
This Sunday morning July 13th the we love him a lot Bobby Graham but unfortunately out north of north of the Florida border nobody ever heard from him.
It's it's really sad.
It looks like Howard Deans the man that looks like the insiders have decided to check our website today of being a boy ever gets all the stories on there.
That number 16 that I sent you what else the number the number is no me called beyond Bush part one by Michael Rupert.
It's a very very lengthy story if you got some time today be sure and read that one you'll find out what it's really all about the people that are pulling the strings behind the scenes.
Anyway here's today's paragraph from Hillary's book which is sold over a million copies and at asshole what the hell is his name.
Mother Tucker also.
Mother Tucker Carlson on CNN is going to have to eat a shoe or something like that supposedly.
And of course nobody watches that show which is why they buried it like a I don't know 3.30 4.30 because nobody's watching for just a half an hour.
See the reason CNN did that is because if they have it on for more than a half an hour if you take commercials out of like 22 minutes so that means that there's 11 minutes of the liberal side whether it's Carville or a baggala that day.
And they figure 11 minutes of a liberal on yours as much as they can tolerate so let's bury it when nobody's watching when everybody's watching anything.
Hillary writes over a million copies sold by the way which shows how desperate a lot of people are.
By the time she turned 14 she could no longer bear the life in her grandmother's house her mother she's talking about.
She thought work is a mother's helper caring for two young children in return for room board and $3 a week.
She had a little time for the extra curricular athletics and drama that she loved and no money for clothing.
She watched the same blouse every day to where with her only skirt and in colder weather her only sweater.
But for the first time she looked at a household where the father and mother gave their children the love attention and guidance she had never received.
My mother often told me that without the soldier and with a strong family she would not have known how to care for her own home and children.
Isn't that emotional? And a whole paragraph today I just crossed it out you're the one man I almost to the weight of a bottom of a page three.
Oh, you're going to burn in hell. Why is that?
Inflicting that on us.
But it's like just a few seconds in addition which is going to save you 28 bucks.
I'm sure you'd run out and buy it.
I burned my body to hit away for free. Here's the result of Georgia's pull yesterday.
What's your most trusted news source of Fox news down to 14.1% 168?
Now some people would say the right wingers would say well you see Fox beats everybody else in this fudge would say that too.
But that proves my point that all the right wingers are they go to they all gravitate to that one spot.
In fact usually it's 17 or 18% with this crowd in this on this audience and that's only 14.1%.
Whereas all of us who are either to the left of a till of the Hunter waited left or anything other than a right wing nutcase were all watching something else.
So what's all divided up among all of them is in other ones you got on here Fox 168.
Internet news sources not including websites of other things on this list.
159 BBC 123 CNN 108 NPR 87 WQAM 65 meaning our fine websites since the rate no news on this radio station meaning this show in our website I guess sports news.
Like I said there's no news on this station.
MSNBC 58 5% of this crowd boy they only wish they had 5% of anything in MSNBC.
You're the we might as well be off the air channel.
New York Times 44 NBC 639 NBC 6 they really check their stuff thoroughly and really get their crap straight or are they an embarrassment.
ABC 1034 National Require 29 now we're talking PBS 24 the scum Sentinel 23 a partner in crime within BC 6 nice journalism by the way.
WSVN 720 Wall Street Urinal 19 CBC 19 that was my choice of course I get to see it like right on my TV.
You want to hear the CBC for a couple of seconds? Yeah please let's see BC it.
Ferrari it's a few words keep your name.
Oh well instead of playing that before I finish with a pool.
I that there's no way do you honestly believe do you honestly believe if you were to vote right now yes Neil can argue with me I'll have you drop dead.
I'll he'll drop that a stroke if he argues with me by this I can play his two CDs that he gave me as a gift.
Yeah and you know I absolutely adore this guy I do I listen to him every day I love him I get along with him.
I love George and Carlos I mean the gypsy homopharmacy I hang out in there every day and listen but there's no way I could play five songs of each of those CDs and every one of them offense at least five to ten groups about diversity.
There is no way that I am more vulgar than that guy there.
Okay so that that's going to be our first pool today we'll find out and then like he said in 30 days and in six months and whatever else we're all still alive.
Hello most of them dying and my spuds is I'm like under nursing care right now is that a male nurse or oh yeah yeah in fact he's he's the twin brother of what's his name of West Bentley animals you get enemies CBC oh I don't want to go to get too deep into that CBC 19 votes BET 18 do they do news on black entertainment television.
You know what somebody called it in so I don't know but I put it on W I would be 17 USA today 13 CBS 4 13 Miami Herald 13 way down the list Washington post 13 International News Channel 12.
Time magazine 11 C span 7 the globe 7 meaning the tabloid news day 5 the star 5 Telemundo 3 Warner Brothers 39 2 Univision 1 and UPM 33 none so look at that I'm totally we have no spics listen anymore we certainly don't have the ones who are watching Telemundo in Univari well we have the English speaking spics.
Yeah how many of those are there. Wow a small but select crowd here's a fact that said we got a lot of facts is we got today's pull well let me do today's pull real quick the first not for
a while neither one or who's got for a while okay is there any other choice I hate George now get out of here now I see that when you put something on
there like that it's like an outlet and a whole bunch of wackos go to that it like it's skews the whole pull this this pull is much too important to Scott I would
they don't give a crap but it's too important to Scott so we don't want to dick with it see now I use that word I know how to use it when he uses it he is it he uses it there's a meeting all of a
sudden yeah but it was the last in the last half hour you understand why who's more obscene or vulgar Neil Rogers Scott for
a while neither one or who Scott for a there you go there's your four choices on pull number one that's our preliminary thing okay I don't
want to sure change these facts is we got a lot of good stuff I might actually take some calls here today maybe crazy Dennis will call for about two
seconds but we hope not go away Dennis everybody knows you're an asshole 1027 at 560 WQM it's the big near Roger's
something save a something savings event right now presented this summer by Tom Leman and Joe Prieta at Halopon
at GMC Neil deal number one waiting for you right now at Halop gets 0% financing for 60 months on every single 2003
Pontiac or GMC in stock at this moment as I speak Neil deal number two get up to a $4,000 rebate on every
2003 GMC and Pontiac in stock attention court and former military personnel like the guy in that movie American beauty
last night get an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Halop and Tom Leman says if you show up with a smile he
might even give you a kiss on the lips Neil deal number three at least the new 2004 Grand Prix GT1 for as low as
$299 bucks a month it's a 36 month lease talk to our good close personal buddies at Halopon details and right now at Halop
they still offer you this you can test drive a vehicle for 24 hours take it home take it to work take it to a
Marlins game if they ever show up at home again and as always be sure and check out their great
unbeatable selection of pre on the vehicles as well and don't forget if you're nervous about going
car shopping because your credit is a little on the shaky side that's never a problem when you do
car shopping at Halopon the XEMC you'll find them in 134 1-1 South Dixie highway that's US one across
from the falls open every day seven days a week if you want more info on those special deals just
call the Neil deal hotline tool free 1-885-3442 11 that's 1-885-3442 11 don't forget all
Neil deal subject to credit approval see our friends at Halop 4 details Halopon the XEMC you'll agree with me
I'm shall bet Georgia's life on it they are professional grade let me say it again they are see what I
said I'd be and how about being a boy too
yeah
about me just
nine
and
my
five
and
he
and so he stroked her soft white milky
four
and
so we
give it a try
and
you shall believe me
and
they
got
when I
four little takes
and then they got
th
What
and on
one
and
several
It's a 1032. I'm looking at this pool. Eric, I don't want to say it's got a little bit of a problem.
There's yours look a little bit the strange as well as it just knew.
Yeah. Some kind of a problem on our pool. Eric, since we got two poles that he would own and put a lot of pressure on you, but get with it.
Get with it. Here's a fact says American beauty was fantastic. Kevin Spacey is a great actor.
If you're seeing him also in big Kahuna and usual suspects.
Haven't seen either one of those.
Now do snatch big Lewinsky Lebowski in Fandango. It's not to snatch. No.
I got that though. Down at home. Soon as my nursing care is over with all of us.
PS Fandango was an 86 movie. Look past Kevin Costner in the movie.
Although it's the only credible performance of his career. No, he was also okay in the untouchables.
Yes. I was good. I forget about him.
Yeah, what are we going to do about this pool here, Eric, because it's got a whole bunch of ones down here.
And it's I'm sure that the temporary transitionary issue.
Yeah, right. Okay. What are you reloaded? I'm sure it'll not be all right.
Well, before we get to the other fact is we better take a caller to here's Naples. Hello.
Hey, Naples.
Naples one last chance. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Last week on the one who I'll be regarding your your internet, but I'm headed out to Fort Laudertale.
So I'm listening. I got a question for you. Are you there? I'm here.
All right. You're up in Toronto. I think. Yeah. Okay. Now come up there.
Go show CNN. But down here, it's like the Canadian rock acting court won FCBC.
Because I think CBC is great because the federal government doesn't want you to see the real news.
They want you to be brainwashed.
Oh, you're your laughing. I'm just telling you right now the American government doesn't want you to see the real news.
They want you to see that to limit the choices you've got.
I know up there, because I have family up there, but I'm there. Do they have like the BTC like they have here also or not?
The BBC? Yeah. Let me put it on for you, pal.
I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal.
I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal.
I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal.
I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal.
I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal.
I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal.
I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal.
I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal.
I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal.
I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal.
I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal.
I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal.
I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I
'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal. I'm not going to be a big deal.
and religion and all that stuff.
You are so completely wrong when it comes to economic politics.
I just can't understand how you don't have a contradiction.
I mean, I can understand rejecting the Republicans because of the right.
Sir, I reject both parties.
That's one of the few people in this country who will tell you the God damn truth.
Both parties suck. They're both owned by the same special interest.
And the Democrats are a bunch of whims, which is why we got this scumbag in there right now.
But you call yourself a liberal.
And a liberal is somebody who believes that, you know, the...
Sir, listen, listen, listen to me.
And you want to respect...
With all of... I'm what?
You're one of the rich too, that's, you know, dragging along all these dead...
All of his dead weight. I don't understand why you have...
Let me say this to you, okay.
If somebody asked me that a few months ago about this latest tax cut of Bush,
and they said, but you're going to get a lot of money back.
I said, I don't want it. I'll take it of course,
because they're going to give it to me because I pay a fortune in taxes.
But I don't want it. That's the difference, okay.
If you're money, Neil, that's the whole point.
It's like the left wing they want to take the most productive people in the world and divide them in half.
Sir, I'm not going to argue left wing right wing.
I quit that like 20 years ago on this show.
I'm not... You believe whatever you want.
I'm not going to change your mind. You're not going to change mine, okay.
We have a bunch of Nazis who are running this country right now.
Your freedoms are dissipating by the minute and have a nice day, okay?
It's like light-thalb radio.
Everything else has been going on.
This guy wants to call. He loves the show. He's glad they're my voice.
But he's going to convert me to whatever.
It's not going to happen.
You're spinning your wheels. It's boring. It's ponderous.
Oh, it's right against the left.
Oh, look at that. The Dow is down to 90 points and the Nasdaq 21 is this Phantom rally that we just had.
It's not looking too good again today.
And the Euro is still up there at about $1.13. Canadian dollars up to $72 to $73.
American dollars still in the crapper.
All I know, all I can tell you is that unemployment isn't embarrassing 6.4%.
6.4%.
This man has lost more jobs for America, 2.5 million in just two years than any presidents in Herbert Hoover.
Anybody remember him?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
A.K.A. The man who gave us the Great Depression.
I remember his vacuums.
And they were great. They sucked.
Yeah. They sucked big time just like this president.
Sir, I have a wonderful life. I'm not going to like chastise you because you know to agree with me.
You're in title.
But don't try to convert me with your economic, with your pseudo economic political up bull crap.
Okay.
I don't believe in fascism.
That's one of the reasons that I could never be involved with this.
So what's going on in America right now?
That's another reason I'm delighted to be here a part of the year in Toronto.
And by the way, Ms. Fudge, I'll be bashed both just as much when I'm down there all winter long in South Florida and sunny South Florida from the American home.
In my nursing home, in fact, maybe he can visit me in the ACLF.
It'll be right up the block on the beach there.
Yeah. Oh, yeah.
It's the continental needle saying it's the continental nursing home.
And Ms. Fudge comes and visits and feeds him every day.
He could wheel you around.
He can spoon feed me.
You know that real soft, whatever that stuff is?
Yeah, Pablo.
Well, he specializes in that.
What?
I never realized just how obsessed that child was with this program.
Well, yeah, that's probably a fact.
He came to your last appearance.
I understand that he comes to you guys.
He's always around.
Came to the pizza loft and poor Lynn Samuel.
She's in the background.
I thought she was his mother.
I'm sorry.
That's what I thought.
No, I really did.
I don't know.
I'm figuring this guy has bring lives with his mother.
I really thought that you're laughing.
That's what I told you.
No, no, I don't know.
Well, that's because she didn't have the nerve to come up and introduce her suffer.
He was to rude one of the other.
And by the way, Lynn, I did block you on my email so I can't talk to you anymore.
But I'm just, I just can't deal with it anymore.
Just, you know, she's in denial about certain things.
And she's in pride.
She's entitled to pick her friends.
Like, Mokin, pick his ass.
You can pick her friends.
Now, how's this pool coming?
Ah, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Wow, Scott.
You dick.
See, he knows the words.
He just doesn't know when to use them or how to use them.
That's the problem.
The context.
Now, I could sit him down instead of all these stupid meetings with Duff and Greg.
Neither one of whom has any idea what it's all about.
I could sit him down for an hour.
Maybe I'll do it when I come down there.
And I explained to him where the problem lies.
And we, everything would be great.
Because we're doing too well now to screw it up.
Okay?
If you want that old fart on in the morning with Gellie for when everybody's asleep,
I don't really care.
It's about his comments this morning.
Well, much to near Roger Shagrin.
What do I care?
I don't care if he's there.
As long as he's not in a building, what I'm there?
Number one.
And number two, it's like the Frado thing.
Remember?
Right.
When Michael was going through the thing, I don't want to be in the house and mama's house the same day that you are.
And that's it.
Get him out of the building when I show up there.
That's number one.
And number two, have a nice separation between his crap and us.
And that's what we got right now.
Separation between his crap and us.
85 votes who is more obscene or vulgar.
Scott Ferell 31.
Neither 120.
Who's Scott Ferell 19 and Neorodger's 15?
How do you like that, Scott?
Huh?
I guarantee he thought it was going.
And then he's giving me, well, let's wait.
It's mom's, you know, let's wait 30 days.
1041 at 560 WDQM.
Hurricane season.
Here before storm hits you always put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home.
But what about the roof of that house?
The Soma paint factory makes roof mastick.
It's a roof coating that can help you hurricane proof your roof.
Soma's roof mastick saved hundreds and hundreds of roofs during Hurricane Andrew,
while unprotected roofs are absolutely peeling off and flying down the Hershey highway.
Soma has also got waterproof coatings for every kind of roof.
Call the Soma paint factory at 305, 63363333.
The Soma paint factory is the oldest quality paint and waterproof coating manufacturer in Florida.
Soma will save you money because they eliminate the middleman markups.
They sell to everybody at wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you'd pay for the same national brands in your retail store.
So protect your home and property and save a lot of cash from soft-loaders,
top-traumatic climate with the best paints and waterproof coatings at the best prices.
Call Soma paint factory SOMAY at 305, 63363333 or Find them on the web at SomaY,
like I said, SOMAY.com.
You save yourself a Schmidt load of cash when you buy direct from me.
Soma paint factory, be sure and come on an ancient Neo-Torodidical 305, 63363.
Fly and local, we're sports radio 560s, you and you AM.
Roger.
560 WQAM is relieved to present the Forell and Guilty Show.
That's the real, the shot boy is choiceful, better in here than at his old time.
Yeah, I don't have to bring a towel in the life to cheer off no more.
I didn't say it was that voice all day.
No, this is my voice.
I'm putting you on.
Every day I wake up sound in the same way.
Hey, if your voice is...
I'm sorry.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I was saying, you want to change your voice?
Yeah, I want to gladly when I see you.
All you got to do is grab your balls like this.
Oh, that voice.
Oh, let go my balls.
I'm wearing easy to find power.
I'm going to lift your balls.
Do like.
Don't hurt your good with your comfortable grip.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
Oh, ah, ah, ah, yeah.
You're going to change your neck.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
1046 at 560 WDQ.
Here's the facts from Nadine.
Says, I saw Pirates of the Caribbean yesterday.
It was a real treat, great.
Johnny Depp played a very, very swishy pirate captain Jack Sparrow.
In other words, maybe he flew.
It was a swishbuckler.
His acting role was another unique one.
And comedic and sensually deserves an Oscar.
Just for his looks and charisma.
A well-needed diversion from Sarah Gold for our momentum and pie.
Well, pie was on again yesterday on one of those, like IFC.
And he still stuck the drill and said, the movie.
Lighten up and everyone and take the kids to it says.
I must say that watching the movie was also a very sentimental trip for me.
It brought me back to Miramar 1977 when I was a class mom on a trip to Disney
with my daughter, Julie, Johnny, and 20 other kids from Perry Middle School.
Johnny, as I've told you, hung out with my daughter and spent many hours in my home in Miramar.
The movie brought me back 25 plus years when the Pirates ride was just completed.
I would never have dreamed that Chai and Dark Johnny would become such a big talent
and a movie idol of mine.
It says, Neil, you'll do cartwheels when you see him.
Love the show, staff and website Nadine.
Peck and Nadine, give Johnny a big kiss for me right on the lips.
Boy, I missed my chance.
Just like Celetzso said.
I'm the hunted one. I missed my chance.
What guarantee is going to give you?
That's something like that.
What guarantee is going to give you, Mikey?
Here's one from Paul says, with all the movie talk of late.
I can't believe nobody mentioned the flick Canadian bacon.
Coincidentally, I saw a little bit of that over the last weekend.
I think it was also an IFC. All the good movies are on IFC.
The movie was written and directed and produced by Michael Moris,
starring John Candy with coasters Alan Alder, Rhea Pearlman, and Dan Acquard.
It's a comedy about how the public can be manipulated into believing that Canada is going to invade the U.S.
Say, maybe that's why Jeb was here yesterday, planting the seeds.
This is fabricated to boost the president's popularity ratings and give a boost to the slumping military industry.
They even mentioned creating a war on terror.
Michael Moris was right on with his flick.
It's amazing. He didn't get more exposure when it was released in 1995.
Maybe it was released about six years too soon.
If nothing else, you'll laugh your ass off.
Or all the jokes about Canadians, but the stereotypical Yahoo Red Blood of Americans.
I brought my copy from Amazon.com. I'll watch it over and over again.
Yeah, it looked like pretty interesting, but I guess it was almost over by time I got into it.
John Candy was still alive in it though. That was a good news.
Hillary Clinton's book tops a million in sales.
What you're getting to hear for free on this show. How do you like that?
Oh, God.
Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton has sold more than a million copies of her memoir,
Living History, and almost exactly a month.
That announcement came yesterday from a publisher Simon and Schuster.
The company's pleased with what it calls the book's unprecedented sales levels.
The company ordered a million copies for the first printing and extraordinarily high number for a nonfiction book.
Living History has hit the store's June 9th, Yani Yani, it says.
Clinton traveled to your first series of book signing appearances while Congress was in recess last week.
Don't buy it. It sucks. Born.
He doesn't tell you a goddamn thing.
Look at the poll results so far.
Hey Scott!
Oh, that's right. He's probably in a meeting.
133 votes whose more obscene or vulgar?
Scott for Route 51.
Neither 134. Who is Scott for Route 27? The Orangus 21.
You following those numbers?
I'll get changed. It's going to change. We'll leave that on there for a while.
Because the second poll, in fact the second poll we're going to have,
I'm trying to think of why I was inspired to do this.
Because I was going to do the poll that somebody suggested about who would you,
how did I word it?
Which of the, what, I got it.
I got it. I actually wrote it up. I'm saving it for next week.
Which of these performers is an absolute must see for you in a movie around TV?
Oh, I'm, huh?
I beg your pardon?
I thought you were talking about the other one.
What other one? The other one for today?
No, I'm saying this is the one I was going to do.
And then something inspired me to do this.
Which well known American is the biggest asshole of them all?
GW Bush, Mohawar Davidd, and that's my short list.
So well, I will let the audience decide who they want to be on that.
Which well known American, that's going to be our second poll.
I think we'll leave this one on there for what?
No, no, no.
Okay, I'll have to show.
For a couple of hours.
And then Scott will have to live with the result and either clean up his act or make excuses.
Well, we'll do it again in 30 days.
We'll do it again in six months.
No matter how, what time period it's going to come out the same.
And there's nothing wrong with being vulgar.
All the way up seen is they get nervous about that.
But there's nothing wrong with being a little bit vulgar.
But if you don't want to have too many meetings,
you probably like make cut back a little bit.
Cut back one rack.
Florida woman in a house.
This is one of the cutest stories I've ever seen in my life.
From Bradenton, no less.
Florida woman in a house arrest sneaks out for a Springer show.
Do you see the story?
Nope.
The episode of the Jerry Springer show is dubbed Sneaky Sex Affairs.
But Bradenton officials say the real sneaking was done by a woman in a house arrest who risked gold and jail for an opportunity to appear on the Roncey Talk Show.
Barbara Payne, 21, traveled to Chicago in April with her live in Boyfriend and twin sister.
To be on an episode of the show with heirs tomorrow, no less.
On the show, the trio spun a tale that Payne's boyfriend was having an affair with her sister.
Payne, who was seven months pregnant, was serving house arrest for felony burglary and grant that charges.
A perfect guess for Jerry Springer, by the way.
She needed permission to leave Manatee County for the Chicago taping of the show.
And the Florida Department of Corrections officials said Payne stayed to elaborate ruse to get them to approve the trip.
She fasted a letter, purporting to be from a Chicago funeral home to her probation officer, reporting the death of her grandmother and asked her permission to attend the funeral.
The probation office rejected the request and a suspicious probation office had began investigating.
Community control officer Steve Queens and Dury went to her house and discovered she was gone according to probation and arrest reports.
Neighbors told him she had talked of going on the Springer show and a call to the funeral home revealed the letter was a fraud.
How do you like that? She's going, she's looking at going to prison for going on Jerry Springer, so the assistant state attorney Steve Michaels will prosecute the case.
Put her ass in jail is what I say.
Yeah, fry that bitch.
Anybody go on the, oh, also another movie I watch the other night.
Yeah, night before last.
Pretty weak. You were right. You had this one on the side of very well.
But it's, it's, you know, if you like Jared Lido, oh, that the teen slaughterer, I think. Urban legend, right.
Very on a scale of time. I get about it too. It's what it is. If you like those teens, it's a slash your movie and it does.
It has some twists and turns and it does keep you wondering and I still like the scene where the black lady security guard she gets shot and she's lying on the ground.
And I don't remember who says the line, but somebody says any meanie, mindy as Jared Lido is about to get shot and the black lady security guard who's lying around the floor bleeding.
She all of a sudden she shoots somebody and no, she says, Mo, and I just cracked up when she said, you know, absolutely.
Yeah, because she said it with such tremendous enthusiasm when she fired off that when she squeezed it off and the bullet too.
Wes Bentley, why don't I have all that's right. Ricky Fitz was his character in American beauty.
Okay, although Jared Lido looked so good in urban legend. I want to hop into the screen.
You could see that he had a few meals in that movie, unlike a Requiem for a dream where he where he walked down. Yeah, he slimmed out for the part.
He slimmed down. He must have done a Karen Carpenter die for a month before he went into Requiem. But an urban legend, he looks like my kind of guy to catch my drift.
Anyway, it's okay, but don't go and spend money to buy it. Some of somebody who's got a copy of it will be more than happy to get rid of it and handed to you.
155 votes, who's more of Cedar vulgar Scott for Ralph 60, neither 140, who's Scott for Ralph 29 and the O'Rodges 26?
Got a big lead on me right now. I'm going to work to try to catch up. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on EAT and T.
You know how can probably catch up real fast? Oh, yeah.
Yeah, that would do it. That would do the job. Believe me. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello.
Hey, how's it going, Neil? Pretty good, sir. I haven't had the opportunity to listen to him quite some time. It's a pleasure. I caught you Tuesday and obviously today.
I didn't get in on the Tuesday. Actually, so listen to you all the time. Unfortunately, my job didn't allow me to anymore.
But a couple of things. The other day, the poll that you guys are doing, the lesbian poll. I don't know if anyone ever mentioned Martha's store or Michael Jackson on there.
Martha still would have been good. Martha would have been a good guest. Don't you think Michael's a good lesbian? No.
I think Michael is good for nothing. All right. Anyway, two movies real quick. Did you ever think Michael has a penis? I don't. I really don't.
Have you ever seen a movie freeway? No, I've seen Spigot. Yeah, almost the same thing. Check that out. Sometimes you want to see a movie or welcome to the dollhouse is a two kind of sleeper movie.
Well, you're welcome to the dollhouses by the guy who did the happiness, right? Yeah. I think so. That's a good flick. And freeway is great. I think it's Reese Witherspoon's first movie.
And it's got keeper Sutherland. He's like a freeway killer. And she's a white trash runaway. And they have that. It's pretty cool. Sounds good to me. All right. Man, listen to pleasure. Listen to you. Thanks.
I'll have a great day. Oh, by the way, yes. Old school. Yamama boy boy.
All right. Exactly. He had all three way. It was okay. You see Spigot. He was right there.
Was he in the crouching position? And that last the 15 minutes of our community that was pretty interesting. There was a lot of brother.
And I don't want to give it away, but I will say this to you. Okay. Heaven, I always said that every single homo folk that I've ever encountered in my life is a closet bag. Every single one of them. I've always said that and I stand by it. Well, it has to dare him from somewhere.
There are no exceptions. Everyone that's obsessed with that is for a particular reason. It's something inside themselves that they hate. They can deal with that they. Yeah. You know, why would they bear otherwise? Exactly. Who the hell cares? That's what sane people say. Who the hell cares? That's what the Supreme Court even our right wing Supreme Court said two weeks ago.
Who the hell cares what the consenting adults are doing behind closed doors as long as nobody's getting hurt or abused or whatever. Sometimes it hurts. I hear. Well, that's if they like it. You know what I'm saying? All right.
1057 at 560. Hey, listen, if you're going to do that kind of stuff, do it on a great mattress. If you're waiting to call dial a mattress and your old one is lumpy and bumpy and worn out in the mattress, too. I have no idea what you're waiting for.
Because like I've been telling you for several years now, this is the intelligent way. If you want the very best brands of discount prices every single day of your life with no hassles of showroom shopping. Here's the way you do it. You pick up the phone. You call 1-800-MATRUS. That's it.
Because these people have got delivery down to a science. You pick the date and time to fit your schedule to tour window like between noon and two or one and three. How refreshing is that? Whoever heard us such a thing and guess what? They actually show up on time. You get the tour windows. You're not sitting home all day long.
And dial a mattress delivers evenings weekends and holidays whenever it's most convenient for you. Maybe you're thinking about getting one of those Swedish foam mattresses that you see in the specialty stores. Well, guess what?
Dial a mattress carries tempera pede. And of course they've got all the big brand names. Serta, Simmons, King Corlan, Celia, low everyday unbeatable prices, too.
So I have the biggest mattress during a country just an easy phone call away. I've been using them for years. George used them. And of course the lovely Miguel recently called 1-800-MATRUS.
And his raven about the new mattress he got in the way the whole deal worked. They showed up on time. Set up the new one. Took away the smelly, crappy, heavily soiled old mattress. And did everything for him.
So don't wait another minute. Do an easy piece of shopping and get yourself a great night sleep for a long time to come with one easy phone call. 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS.
What is it? How you spell it? M-A-T-T-R-E-S, M-A-M-A-M-A, in my limit, OK? Right. 1-800-MATRUS, or check them out on the web if you'd like at macrus.com.
My life and love, this is 430560.
You weigh 2A.
Then you'll rush your show on 560.
The only QA M, Miami for learning.
Neon God.
Turned about.
Rad house, doubt.
Listen.
Spence is on.
Hello.
What is warm, huh?
I'll say.
You come here often, pardon me?
Have you been here before?
No. First time.
What's your name?
Freeway.
Freeway, that's nice.
Aren't they good?
Please, do me a choose.
They get slim here.
Ah, you are here to get clean?
Oh, I don't know.
You have work around here?
I'm a waiter, but Ashley, I'm an actor, you know.
Oh, yeah, yeah, I know.
What's the top is?
You probably need to rely on it.
Oh, outside.
But, you know, with everything, it's a news and all.
It's just, hey, you can start relaxing right now, Freeway.
I brought something.
Ooh, she, and Freeway.
Not just any she either.
Look.
Wow, gold lame.
Pretty geek on them, huh?
But here's the most important part, Freeway.
And the ProTech label.
ProTech, huh?
Aren't those indoors by the City Council of San Francisco?
Absolutely.
You know the ProTech slogan, don't you?
I sure do.
Certified state by the City by the Bay.
Well, what do you say?
Darn, look at that.
I dropped the soap again.
I'll get it.
You bet your life he will.
And with confidence.
Because Freeway and Spick had had condoms since.
Don't let worry, spoil those chance meetings in public showers.
Always carry ProTech.
PROTE-ECP.
Keep it in my mind, FreeSMB.
PROTE-ECP.
Bend down with no apology.
Back up.
Don't doubt.
Know what it's all about.
The ProTech Chief.
So they won't send you a re-proTech condoms.
A division of Black Flag House and Garden Pets and Gold Division.
Keeping situation safe since 1887.
Love it 020560, W.K.M.
I mean, Scott, when we had a little crossover this morning,
was making a big deal about that word.
Back home.
What is wrong with that?
I don't know.
It's very scientific, isn't it?
I mean, it doesn't everybody have one?
Last time we checked.
You heard that people are a big one.
There's some people are walking now that I mention it, you're right.
Here's a facts from Maria, who says,
I told you American Beauty was good.
I love the fast food scene.
Yeah, we were talking about that before the show this morning.
That was one of the highlights.
When Kevin Spacey acquits his job,
gets that great Sevenths package,
kind of black males himself into a Sevenths pack.
Kind of like some people kind of like,
coerced their weight like an extension of their contract.
We have rumors that we're here, huh?
Huh?
I'm not talking about anybody specific.
Absolutely.
Can I just hear these rumors about how some people pull off deals like that anyway?
And then so he goes to work at a fast food joint.
And they say,
you're a little overqualified,
a little bit too old for this.
Oh, I've got experience.
And so he's working the drive-through window.
And I don't want to give it away.
But it is a great scene.
In, by the way, it's not a good movie.
It's sensational.
I give it like 10 out of scale of 10.
It's one of my all kinds of stuff.
Yeah, and I got it in my hand right now.
And the DVD as well.
When we were five Academy Awards,
I mean, what's not to like?
Over 275 top 10 list named Best Picture of the Year by over 65 critics.
Now, what year was this?
2000...
Better out there, 2009, something like that.
Oh, was it?
I could look at my book, but away so damn much.
Oh, oh, yes!
I wish you could see this book.
This one was Reel's Gigantic Humongous Books.
About 4,000 pages.
Let's see, this is my bone book.
The name of this book is Video Hounds Golden Movie Retriever 2003.
You know, me with the Golden Retrievers are like them anyways.
I was attracted to plus it's, it's so damn complete.
Let's see, American, what is it?
American Beauty.
Lend you down, Carlos, just a nod in here.
I'm just joking. Three and a half bones.
1999.
Only three and a half out of four. That's what it deserves.
What could possibly be the knock on Netflix?
We want our half a bone back.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T, and Verizon Line.
We're also taking your nominations for our second poll that will go up around noon.
Which well known American is the biggest asshole of the mall?
The reason I say well known, it's got to be like a public figure.
You know, right?
Not like Tom Schwartz who lives down the street or something like that.
Public figure.
Here's a call from Boynton Beach. Hello.
Bring out this represent speech.
I needed to ask George a question.
If you'd received my facts concerning an internship possibly on your show?
Yeah, I got it and I filed it.
What happens from there, George?
I'll get back to you, Diana.
It's not as Carlos is late one more time.
It's not Diana.
Oh, yeah, as a matter of fact, you might have a good shot at it because Carlos is like right on the edge.
I would love to be on his edge.
On whose edge?
You're an edge.
It's goodbye.
Uh oh.
File it in the other file.
I just filed it.
I just filed it.
Carlos is right on the edge because he just doesn't understand the meaning of getting there on time and getting the bedtime stories done before he starts the show and being prepared to be a part of the show with us and do the things.
He just can't get it done.
Kenny?
Definitely silence again.
Absolutely, definitely silence.
I mean, I'm working. He's busy.
He's busy doing the stuff he should have been doing about 9.30 this morning, right?
Getting all those in, of course, he probably craft his pantaloonies when he came in.
So I had 18 bedtime stories from to put up on our website today.
See, I don't believe in dickin' around. See, they already said that again.
I don't believe in that.
If we're going to have a website in there that we can be proud of and mostly thanks to him.
But nevertheless, then let's consistently be on it, okay?
Not the slip shot and schlock and wipe it out how you get around to it like it's an afterthought or after birth or crap like that.
Get with it.
Which is more of an addition to which isn't today paid a...
Uh, yeah.
Oh, the hell is that?
And for him, he gets paid with a check.
He has direct deposit.
I got direct deposit.
Because you're on the payroll.
Wasn't that great?
I asked him if I could get direct deposit to avoid my banking problems with those bastards at the first union in my covia.
Oh, you're a separate because you're not on payroll and you're an independent contractor.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know, that would require the beesleaves to make a little bit too much effort over there in Naples,
which, of course, they have no interest in doing.
And would also save them having the FedEx.
Those, the packages over every, you know, it would save everybody a lot of hassle.
Because when you get direct deposit, it's not like a check-it.
There's no hold on anything because they're like depositing the cash and you recount.
Which is probably another reason they don't want to do it.
They probably have to take up a collection over there on the street corner to cover the check every payday.
Parents still out sick or what?
Not a sore in this morning.
So I'm this morning, well, I want to make damn sure that that check is in my box, you know what I'm saying?
Parents, get your nose out of the beast box and get it back into my box, okay?
I want to make damn sure that everything is a copacetic.
They don't need any more damn financial problems, banking problems.
Let me say it again while covia bank blows, okay?
I just want you to understand they suck.
I mean, there was a nice guy that rimmer of all people got me in touch with.
And he listens to the show.
I hope he's not listening now. I hope he's working.
But, you know, he's a good guy and he's just trying to be helpful.
But I'm going to tell you, I'm dubious at best.
I'll be shocked.
I'll be shocked if I go another two months without another disaster from the ineptitude of them at the first unit.
Where you're not just a statistic anymore, but you're like a 75-digit statistic.
And just when I had my damn check, my personal check-in account number memorized?
The nine-digit number?
Yeah.
Which isn't that big of a deal, even for an old fossil like me.
Now, oh, it's not mine. Now it's 15 digits.
Mr. Schmendrick, now it's 15 digits. Well, excuse me.
Look at the response we're getting on his poll today.
Who's more obscene or vulgar?
We'll start with this about 1035, it's like a half an hour.
204 votes, George.
George had a big response on his poll yesterday, too.
I have no idea why.
Because now you've got to leave in, we're back to 10 to 2,
so we're starting to turn a corner now.
And if they would just stop, you know, I didn't hear what you were, I heard about two minutes ago, yes, that couldn't handle it.
Because it was getting me wound up.
You know, your phone call got me wound up and up and up and up.
So I'll do it again.
No.
No, but you're right. There are a bunch of pussy.
They want greatness. They want the big numbers.
They want to dominate the AM radio market, which we should be.
But on the other hand, they're so nervous.
They're so nervous.
Oh, gee, you're going to do this.
You know, just stop being so nervous.
Okay?
I mean, I understand if a guy needs a little bit, he's a loose cannon,
and then he gets a little hysterical now and end like every day.
But, you know, just calm down, especially like that business with that Catherine Harris thing,
you would have thought it was like, you would have thought that there was a legitimate problem.
There was there anything?
No.
There was nothing to it.
And then not only are they coming in, and browbeat George, and they're going through the ringer about it.
No, then they pretend that they never did that.
That they really weren't that concerned, but they just wanted to pass it.
But right, they did all of them.
Like he's the one that's inventing a little bit on now for five and a half years.
And even by the long distance, I can smell what they're dropping in their pantaloonies, okay?
213 votes.
Who's more of senior vulgar?
Scott for Route 75.
Clean it up, Scott.
Clean up your acumeniac.
And the reason we say that is because we've got God forbid that we should lose him.
Oh, please.
No.
No.
Because we don't want to be no rams with Mo.
Absolutely.
No Mo with that crap.
We don't want to be back to back side by each with that old turdburger.
With Dennis and Don Juan every day.
Oh.
And number two, we don't want to, we're not leaving ten to two.
Now that we've got this time slot back, that's it.
We're not giving it back to you.
Neither one 58 vulgar.
Who's Scott for L41, the largest 38?
So 75 to 38.
He's got me like double now.
Double, double the trouble.
Here's a call from Miami Beach. Hello. Hi, Neander. Why are you okay, sir?
I listened today to that first crossover and really with pathetic.
Pathetic? Well, I thought we had a lot of fun today. No, no, not you. I mean, the first
crossover. Well, I know you're talking about more and more. Right, right. You cannot make
a guy that is not funny, sound funny because then he's gonna try.
Absolutely. And really, I was surprised. Farad has been a very good addition to this
station. Yes. And with you, he makes a good, you know, a good couple to listen to for
a while. Good couple. A lot of good couple. But if he was a talk show that does a
sports, he would have half of his listeners. The reason that people listen to him because
he's entertaining. Yeah, he's right. And sports shows are boring. Right. You know, you know,
who the first one who said that before he came on the year last, the March, year ago, March
was was Mr. Mo himself made the comment and very jackasses calm that sports talk is boring.
And you know what, he was right. Well, he's always been to listen to the same people
guessing who is better, who is gonna win. Well, that's stupid. If I have to hear one more
word about Zo, if I ever heard that name again, I mean, with all and all due respect with
his physical problems. But if I have to hear about Zo anymore, I just I can't deal with
it. Who is Miss Fudge that you talk about? Matt Rudge. Don't you know the Dredge report?
Oh, the guy that is substituted for snatch. Right. That's it. Oh, I understand. Listen,
I'm my brother. I you know, he might be a good substitute for snatch. Not that you mentioned
it. My candidate for the second poll without any question. And it's good that it's a 12 o'clock
is rush limbo. Oh, good one. He is, in my opinion, more vulgar than you or anybody else in
radio. Yeah, he's obscene. Everybody that comes out of his mouth is obscene. He doesn't say
one, but we've considered that he would not to mention that he lies to his teeth every day.
I think that's more vulgar than any kind of word that anybody can say that. Amen. And I
voted neither you or real are vulgar. What a guy. So I asked the hero. I understand I have a friend
that told me that there is a porn movie called Reptum for a dream. I'll get right on it.
Okay. Okay. You're made us. Okay. I read it. 1113 at 560 W. Here's a story that's been around
for 25 years. Let's hear it. Her friends at Brandy Shoes in Pomato Beach. All right. 19. What
year were they have started? 1978. Okay. That's the year. Guess who was born in that year?
West Bentley, who was in American beauty. He played Ricky Tiki. What was his name? Ricky Fits.
Why don't you pretend you don't know who that is? What? I saw it a long time. He had a rough life.
He you should know who was. He was a drug drug kid. Right. And you were bitching before the show
about his overpriced pot. Anyway, right at Brandy's. They carried the top brands in the universe,
which is one of the many reasons they've been around for 25 years in South Florida. They got
rock ports, echoes, mafisto, Timberland Clarks, S.A.S. Floresham. They'll take good care of your
tutsies and of course no matter what size you are, they'll take care of your men's size of
6 to 15 women's five to 12 wits from the very narrow to the very, very wide. And of course,
their store has grown like tops of you over the years. They've got over 40,000 pair of shoes in stock
in their gigantic humongous 8,000 square foot megastore. So you're looking for it? They got a guaranteed.
Brandy Shoes. There are 12 19 or federal highway in Pomato Beach. Open daily nine to nine
Sundays, 10 to five. Be sure and tell them please that old Neil sent you by. And this week,
it's a great time to buy S.A.S. shoes at Brandy's. All men's and women's great styles are 20% off
and more. So come into the store or visit them on the web if you like it. Brandy Shoes. That's all
one word. Brandy's shoes dot com. Where you fudge packing? Where you dredged packing?
Coming up tonight, an inside the behind the two Hollywood celebrity music bar with your profile
story. There were three of them and yet they had the balls to call themselves the Thompson twins.
Really? I mean, who are these Thompson and balls? Nobody I know. Thompson twins former manager,
Slabby Gold. These guys were an absolute bitch to manage. They started back in the late 70s with four
guys. Tom Bailey, Pete Rudd, John Ruegan, Chris Bell. I say to him, where are you getting a guy named
Thompson? And by the way, you're not twins. You're morons. Things became even more complicated
when Tom Bailey met and married Alana Curry and she became a member of the band. Now we got five
people. You're with your twins named Thompson. Finally, the band's rowdy Joe Leeway also joined
after he displayed a talent for playing the Kanga drums. This is just great. Six people,
one female, one black guy, no one's related. Thompson twins my cottage cheese ass.
But of course in 1982, Pete, John and Chris left the band. Thompson twins found her, Tom Bailey.
And that left the three of us and Slabby was so happy. You're so close, he used to say,
lose the dark skin guy and people might actually buy you and your wife as the Thompson twins.
But Bailey refused to kick Joe Leeway out of the band. Luckily, no one knew he was there anyway.
So the Thompson twins finally hit it big. Ah, they hit it big and spider that dumb ass self.
Man, they put me through hell. What's that word the Britz used for a masturbator? Wait a
wanker. That's it. Yeah, that's what they were. Wankers.
The Thompson twins. What's that phrase the Britz used for it no longer famous? Oh yeah, no longer
famous. It's a big juicy, soft and wet look at show business tonight on Inside of a Hine.
There was another great scene in American Beauty when he was thinking about the blonde chick.
Yeah, by the way, he looked about 15 years old and he's lying in bed yankin' it
and his wife finally, she roused out of a deep sleep and realized,
is something is happening in the bed. You're masturbating. That's disgusting.
She was great. And that bedding, he was. Yes, and that bedding was fantastic. In fact,
in watching the the additional stuff, you know, the interviews, they said, once she got into
the character, they couldn't stop her and they were showing some of the outtakes. It was, she was
wow. Here's a pig report. Pines pigs are on tap just east of um, flamingo. What a surprise.
I tell you, if you live in pepper pines, good luck to you. It's all I can tell you.
They're obsessive. They're out of their minds. Tap just east of flamingo. They got it set up
with radar. And also, what does this say? Union planters on pineapple near Cleary.
What does that mean? Oh, onion planters. Well, what does that mean? I don't know.
Onion planters on pineapple near Cleary. Okay, well, whatever. They're out there.
Oh, here's the fact that says Miss Fudge, whanting about somebody else reporting a hoax,
is pretty funny. He carried on for days about the story that turned out to be total horsesmith.
One that I recall is the interracial love child that Bill Clinton supposedly fought.
The story made headlines on his website for days. It was complete crap. I guess he forgets such
things now must be crystal poisoning, finally catching up with them. By the way, can you play
fisting the night away in his honor? Another funny thing is how he constantly tows his
grand aunt colder on his side, talk about self-hating. She's a piece of work, a virulent,
anti-gay fag hag. It takes all kinds, I guess. It's remarkable that two such twisted and hateful
people found each other. Says this fact sir. P.S., we'd call an American beauty. Kevin Spacey's
excellent and the usual suspects as well. And one final film, this regard, your pet beaners
and try Heath. Pacino and the neurogiv two of their best later-day performances. Epic crime
drama, I think you're like, okay, so I got to get usual suspects and heat. If you must.
Why, why you don't like heat? I owed it. You want me to buy you want me to buy you?
No, I'll cut the other side out. Cross it out. I heard bad things about it. The usual suspects,
everybody said, it's pretty good. It was long. I mean, it was all right, but it was just long and
fat and thick and not what they wanted. Oh, it's long and fat and thick. Oh, I guess you like that
sort of thing. Are you talking about West Bentley again? He was an interesting guy, West Bentley.
When I first saw him in a movie, I thought to myself, he's kind of strange looking, you know?
But then again, he was supposed to be strange looking because he was like a little,
and of course, when we find out about his family, how'd you like his mother? Forget about the father.
How'd you like the mother to talk about ineffectual? Talk about one of those military wives
who's been put in her place and talked to just showed up and be comatose 99% of the time. How sad.
246 votes on the pool, Scott. I hope your meeting's over. You're having a safe trip back up
to Boca Scott. He let this French toast in the microwave. And you left your French toast in the
way. They could have like met at the middle of the first slice. Who's more of seen or vulgar?
Scott for L 92. 249 votes. Neither 164. Who's Scott for L 51? He or rages 41. For L 92,
yours truly 41. Okay. More than 2 to 1. All right. And it's not enough, but I mean, he laid down
the challenge this morning. Honest to God. There's no way. Do you honestly believe? Do you
honestly believe if you were to vote right now? Yes. Neil can argue with me. I'll drop dead.
I'll drop dead of a stroke if he argues with me by the time I can play his two CDs that he gave
me as a gift. Yeah. And you know, I absolutely adore this guy. I do. I listen to him every day. I
love him. I get along with him. I love George and Carlos. I mean, the gypsy ophermacy I hang out
in there every day and listen, but there's no way I could play five songs off of each of those CDs
and every one of them offends at least five to 10 groups about the diversity. There is no way
that I am more vulgar than that guy. Okay. Whatever you say, anybody buying it? Oh, not too many.
Okay. So this fight just gave a lot of free publicity. Don't forget, drug report. I'm sure my name
will be under again soon. Okay. Once I get back in my nursing home, five six seven, oh five,
60 pound five, 60 on a AT and team. We're not getting much of a list here for the other pool. We
got to start it at noon. We need to build a list, which well-known American is the biggest
asshole of the mall. We've got George W. Bush, Mohawar David and Rush Limbaugh, only three so far.
Here's a call from Broca. It says on line nine, but beware. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Got two
for the list. Okay. Donald Rumsfield and Charlton Heston. Two good ones. And I got something else.
You got it. You got to see Bigelbaus again. Keep waiting for you to talk about it. It's a great
flick. I look for it the other day. Couldn't find it in my music store. I'm different from George.
I think you'll probably enjoy it. I haven't seen it. I think you've got it. Now,
beware boys, the one who's saying that I won't like it. Great flick. Okay. I'll get it.
I got one other question. I've been listening to you for a long time and I'm trying to figure out
how long. When you had a show when you threw the bird out of the building and you had to call you
over the phone to try to get back in. Number one. Number one. 91. No, that wasn't 91. What are you talking
about? That's when you fired him. Get out of here. Okay. I went to I.O.D. in 88.
And he was with, huh? I thought it was 89. Get out of here. No way. I'm a girl.
And he was with me. I would say it was in 89. That happened. 89 or 90.
All right. Cool. That was great. I still remember him was trying his out.
All right. That or no? It's a great day, pal. Good old bird, resting piece. We hit our moments.
No, it was my mistake. I was trying to like bring him along. You know, I like to try to nurture
people and like, you know, stick up for them when they're being put upon and people are trying to
get their ass fired. You can relate to that. Right. No. And so I like felt. I felt sorry for
him for extra reason because he was like, Gimpy, you know, he was like, he had, I mean, no, it's
that funny. He had a mess and he walked with a cane. And a lot of times he would try to do stuff
that he couldn't do because he would fall down and stuff. And he was like, you know, plus I'll say,
I'll say this much. And I know you're going to disagree. But when I wasn't there and I
grant you the shows that he had filling in were left to make my blood curdle. But at least he kept,
you see what I'm saying? He kept like you do. He kept the momentum going. I think there's a great
parallel there. I receive George and the bird together. I rest my case. I think it's the same person.
I think George is the Cuban bird. El Pajarito.
I don't really got a point. You understand what I'm saying. I do understand what you're saying.
Even though he in his mind, he thought that, well, look at that. We had the rating only went down.
So many, he thought that he could do the show. But at least, you know, he would encourage all the
people to call in and take cheap shots of me. But that's where the chronic's on for hours. He
would put them on hold. Take a break, put them back on. Are you not going to dead then? Yes.
Yes. Well, okay. So it's a different time from anytime you mentioned the word cubs. No, no, no, no.
I'm not talking about that part of it. That's why I can't his ass. That's why I got him off the show.
He was killing the show. And then I had that stroke. And that's when they brought in a rick and
suds to fill in an Alex Benich. Sammy, we've had all of these things go on. I should write a not
not like a regular book. I should write a South Florida book. Okay. Because Tom jikershure is
host too lazy to find out what that will ever happen in South Florida broadcasting about about
my almost 30 years in South Florida radio. All the stuff that's happened down here, my god.
And of course, if QA and you could write like 50 chapters about that crap and I'll Greg Reed has
tried desperately to destroy the radio station. And now you know something I think it's so sweet.
I'm just rubbing my hands together, seeing that the fruits of his own grotesque behavior are coming
home to smack him in the ass. I hope that rumor that we're hearing around a building about Moan
at extended contract. I hope that rumor is true because wouldn't that be something like letting
a snake into your house and you know, and just sitting around a waiting fruit to attack.
Letting a cobra into the putting it on the dining room table and just waiting to see what's going to
attack first. High scone, Greg. You know how to do it, baby. Not.
28 past 11 of QA. I'll tell you some people know how to do it. They were my house Tuesday,
two days ago. Dry concepts. Flew on the sandside because now that both my dogs are in doggy heaven.
I mean, that was a big reason that I had to have dry concepts. Just because when you have two dogs,
man, that they make a mess. They do a number. Yes, they do. And dry concepts was there. My
spy report tells me that they did a stupendous job just like they'll do in your house. So when
you have your carpets clean, they're looking just like brand new call dry concepts, you'll never
go wrong. It's the number one carpet cleaning company in the world for over 20 years. And the only
carpet cleaning company that actually will dry clean your carpets hence the name. And now dry
concepts offers you a chance to save 15% on your next carpet cleaning. Just call them tool for
1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1. Ask to be put on the stand by list. In fact, many King will be singing in the
background. And then dry concepts will call to the next time they have an opening in their schedule.
Just like when you fly standbyts, the same concept. If you're available when they have an opening,
they'll knock 15% off the price and come and make your carpets look and smell and feel just like brand new.
So call dry concept today has to be put on their stand by list. They might even have an opening for
you on the same day that you call. And if that's the case, you get 15% off the regular price of the
job. What's not to like? Call tool free 1 800 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 2 4 8 5 0 7 1 or check them out on the
web at dryconcepts.com.
I don't have much of a brain but I'm a son of a powerful mind and I'm in the autumn
2001 and quotation a human life a bit good. My greedy friends get in a lust for wealth
for get the shoddy I'll rat eyes on the wheel.
Oh the time I tore home back and down for three and a quarter more
and all the red things were drained and they went turns that's leaving home.
We'll take their ass with a nuclear bomb.
Now the world resources I'm going to take.
Death to all.
We'll bear standing my way.
Bring them all.
That's why I tore all back and down to get registered drinking.
That's why I tore those shashos down and all you actual believe is you and me.
Absolutely.
33 5 60 WQ we got Joe Rose for the mad dog and two our new hero Joe Rose.
All right.
Fill in today.
Okay. Oh and a rumor waiting here this.
Yeah.
The word on the street.
So you think this business with Tom jicker well he goes all the way up there in Toronto.
How's he going to keep in touch?
Believe me Tom.
I'm touching it.
Okay.
I have got my thumb right on it.
I know exactly what's going on down there and guess who I Joe is.
He has drawn the line in the sand.
He said it's all over between him and power from Boka and him.
Right.
Yeah.
It's all over.
The gloves are off Joe Rose.
He might actually attack him again today on a year.
Powered from Boka.
He's had it with him.
And he insists by the way that there's no question that was him that made the call that day.
Was he the nice?
It was.
Howard from Boka.
Right.
So Joe Rose will be on 2 to 4 to 7.
4 to 7.
We got Gelly at chulas.
I have no idea why that is.
Do you have any clue what that's all about?
I don't have any clue what anything's all about in this station.
Other than of course it gives him three hours solo without Mo.
And so it'll be actually he'll be doing his own show.
We've always feeling for Hank.
And so he can make some great audition tapes.
Then at 7 o'clock we got the big and Eddie K.
10.
Joe and Mark overnight 2 to 5.
A pristine schedule.
No Marlon game today after they lost 2 out of 3 in Chicago to the Cubs.
And now we're 12 and a half games behind the Braves and 4 and a half or 5 whatever it is out of a wildcard.
I mean I don't want to pee under parade but it just some people get a little bit premature.
You know just like here.
The Blue Jays now.
It's below a 7 to 3 lead yesterday lose 8 to 7 of the Red Socks.
That was it.
Don't let me forget on Tuesday to talk to Ferrell about hockey and the fact that the Leafs and the Panthers both will not make the playoffs this season.
Okay.
I mean, I certainly, too.
They got to mention that and also about Dave Ann Boring and how he's the most terminal play by play guy in a history of baseball.
Now also see what I'm doing only these 2 shows a week this year.
This is a bad start the way this is starting out.
I feel a little bit over involved.
Do you know what I mean?
Last summer I felt like you know like I'm making a candy while appearance a couple of days a week.
This year I feel like a little bit too much involved.
Especially yesterday morning at about 10 after 8.
But at any rate.
Sorry.
Yeah, don't do it again.
I mean, it's a major, major emergency.
Okay.
Other than that, I don't want to even know about it.
The hot couples contest is coming along big time.
But we had some really good, by the way, to one picture with a huge slong on it.
It was cute.
It's not going on the website.
It's not going on the website.
It's not going on the real one.
Because they look fine if they're real people.
Yeah, if you have, if you're real people and you really want to be in the contest.
We're not putting any penises or vagina on the website.
Boobies, no problem.
But you have this week and till Monday morning at 10 o'clock.
And then it's a deadline for the fourth and final hot couples contest for this year.
And then the pictures will be up on a website starting Monday.
And then all the way through the following Monday.
Whoever hits the most votes from our audience wins.
First prize is either one you choose.
Three day two nights stay for two at the Royal Oasis Resortant Casino in the Bahamas
with round trip airfare on Laker Air.
Or three day two nights stay for two at Heedness and two or three in Jamaica.
All inclusive.
Transfer his food, drink, retweeties, entertainment, no airfare.
You pick whichever one you want.
And then the second place the runners-up will get whichever one of those
the first place couple doesn't take.
And third prize is dinner for two at the Royal Famine Flaming Pizza Law.
And all contestants receive a Dickensider T-shirt.
All right.
And they've got some really good looking couples on there.
I'm not saying we didn't have some in the past.
But in the past we had some that were like stood out from the crowd.
We got a real good competitive bunch this time.
You know, we do.
That's all I can have in a good bunch.
Almost 300 votes on that pool in an hour right now.
Scott there whipped up to a frenzy.
Who's more of seen or vulgar?
And yeah, I want to lay down a challenge to him, okay?
Not golf, because I don't play golf.
Golf is for people bored with life.
But I want to lay down a little bit of a challenge to the Ferrell Meister.
And here it is.
Why not have him tomorrow morning on his show on the QA and website?
I'm sure that we can't they do that.
They can do whatever they want.
No, no, seriously.
I thought Josh Curtis is the one that handles their website.
Well, what time does he get in?
I don't know.
He's around the building now and for.
I'm not talking about now.
I'm talking about tomorrow morning, like during the Ferrell Show,
between 8 and 10, they can spend, I mean, we did this for about two hours.
They can do two hours on his show and ask the same question.
You see what I'm saying?
Because he can always say, wow, that's your audience.
They're sucking up for you.
I mean, that would be a valid point, you know?
So I'm challenging him to take the same poll on QA and calm,
since he doesn't have his own website.
He should, but he doesn't.
Maybe Mo will own here.
Oh, speaking of Mo, we got some great new pictures on here.
Oh, wow.
Did you mention this the other day?
No, I didn't.
Oh, those of you who've been remiss, I realize it is the summertime
and people will find other crap to do.
But on neo-rangers.com, which is coming up very slowly.
Mo, we had the underneath dancing dwarf Mo,
we now have little baby Mo in his shorts,
who's practicing his karate, and underneath that,
we've got, do you have a name on it or not?
I don't know.
How do they put it in April?
No, just as I have the body of Bruce Lee and also his skills.
So there I am doing my best Bruce Lee impersonation.
And that's just a beautiful thing.
And Mo is just, he's, he looks like he's getting ready.
That was cute this morning, Mo.
Is Neil gonna die pretty soon?
What is he gonna die already?
That was, you know, I'm not sure which I like better.
That one of the Dennis call, which I didn't hear.
Thank God.
But we had spy reports.
We get repart, and you want to know why Mo?
Yeah.
So you're supposed to drop in.
I'm listening.
I'm listening.
Oh, it's the best.
Absolutely.
Thanks, Mo.
And we're delighted that you're going to be around another
about two, three years to these like 75.
Excellent.
See, he thinks that bothers me.
See, I'm not one of those people that want to wish his other people ill in their livelihood.
I don't try to get people canned.
I don't run around building backsteading people.
If I have something to say, I'll say to you, do your face or right here on the ear,
because I know that you're listening.
Are you listening?
I'm listening.
I know it.
I don't go pulling all kinds of crap behind the scenes and then pretend to be a lily white and clean
and goody two shoes to the public, you know.
All his stuff.
Oh, well, you can't say this and don't say that.
Yeah, well, pretend that he's not pulling all this crap.
We're on to you.
But on to you since day one, Mr.
Sully Old Coot.
Twenty till noon at 560 WQM.
Hey, this special Lodge of Ideal.
This is the last week for it.
Balance for life.
This week, I guess, through it tomorrow, you get 10% off at balance for life.
When you mentioned you heard about it here on the Mirage Show.
The best deal they've ever offered at balance for life.
So you can save some cash and lose that weight.
Now, I'm asking for the last time.
Is the beast on the bat on the bag?
The 21st is when it will start.
21st to 21st of this month.
Is there some special reason for that?
I don't know.
That's just that's what I was told.
Well, the beast is going back on it, which ought to tell you something.
I mean, we know he's a slob, but I can relate to that because I'm a fat slob too.
But he's tried them all.
He's lost 60 pounds in balance for life.
Then he went off the wagon a little bit and he's going back on it 21st.
And you ought to be doing it too because it's simple.
It's delicious.
It keeps you full all day because there's plenty of food.
Which they deliver to you in your little black sack right to your door by six every morning.
And they've got three delicious gourmet meals in there.
Two delicious snacks.
Plenty of food, like I said, five feedings to keep you going all through the day
so you don't have to cheat because you'll be full.
No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting.
They figured out all four of you.
It's based on the zone diet and believe me, it works.
The weight pours off your body.
So if you're sick and tired of being overweight, out of shape, lethargic, diabetic, or maybe on the verge of it.
Believe you me, it's no fun.
Let balance for life.
Hope you lose that weight once and for all.
And do it this week and mention my name because you'll save 10% off the regular price if you call this week.
Call 954-568-3229.
954-568-3229 or visit their website at balanceforlife.com.
We're supporting 560-UAM.
They're often trotting pine-moly from the frow outside with the favorite smooth glide trying to leave their give a tooth between horses.
Do we want to hear racing from the metallands?
Sure, we're not.
Okay.
It's dates.
If I have a town at 56-O WQ-A-S.
And the now?
The 700 Club proudly presents the unruable man of God and morals, Pat Robertson.
Hello, friends.
God and I want to thank you for sending your heart and knowledge to help the starving children in Rwanda.
May God bless you.
You are the pleased to know that I invested your money into my dad and mine in La Buria.
And your heart felt no nations have provided medical care to those children who get their arms chopped off or not digging fast enough.
But now we have a small problem, friends.
The civil unrest in La Buria is now preventing these children from digging in the mines.
For this reason I've called on the services of our godly Presidents to enter me.
I can't get through the mines, so the President I'm calling those diamonds are the Lord's best friend.
All right.
Just sending the troops goes my profits are falling and I need access.
So putting into the civil unrest.
Now I may sound cold, but next to oil and gold, or diamonds, what's a few more days?
I don't see the harmin chopping off a child's arm, because diamonds are the Lord's best.
The diamonds are the Lord's best friend.
May God bless you all.
1146-14-0-560 WQM, your psychotic station for the new millennium.
327 votes.
Now this poll is going to be up there another quarter of an hour.
So if you want to vote on this poll, get with it.
Who is more of senior vulgar, Scott Farrell or Nearogers or Nearogers or Nearogers or Nearogers?
Who's Scott Farrell?
Scott Farrell 116.
Nearogers 189.
Who's Scott Farrell 68, Nearogers 52?
116-15-52, that sounds like a lot more than doubled on it.
Beard to me.
Last time I checked my man.
Here's a call from Delray Beach.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, man, I gotta tell you.
Yesterday I called George.
I'm the one I called and said, come on, George.
You've got to stay with him inside your heart, man.
And he did an excellent job.
Oh, the most thing out there for us.
Yeah.
And I just want to say that American Beauty is one of the best movies ever.
Absolutely correct, sir.
Of all kinds.
Yup, that's right.
Mm-hmm.
It's got a little bit of everything for everybody.
It's riveting and you sit there and you're like trans things.
You can't turn away from the screen for a second.
Absolutely.
And my wife loved it too.
And for us, to really love the same movies.
Yeah.
You know, that's pretty unusual because it had the female thing.
She loved it the way it was happening.
It was just great anyways.
And the other thing.
I think the way he got it now on the air is absolutely perfect.
Okay.
I get up in the morning.
By the time I got my coffee and I got the kid off the school,
I could hear about five minutes of moat with a feral.
Okay.
That's absolutely right.
Five minutes till eight, you know.
And then I got feral, which is just total insanity leading into you.
And all the stuff that's going on now and the way it is,
it's all beautiful, man.
It's all great.
It all makes for the best radio that I've heard in a long time.
It's perfect.
This is the best thing to happen in this radio market since Phil Henry came to down.
Are you sure?
And that's quite a few years ago.
Yes.
I totally agree.
I mean, it's all liquid.
It's perfect.
I mean, the week length now or manage, and that's because he's got nothing to talk about
because the dolphins aren't playing.
Yeah.
You know, and others are mad.
He's, you know, with the negative boots and beer,
and I'm going to be in the keys.
I'll have some more boobs and beer.
Come on.
Don't be knocking a mad dog.
No, he's great.
But I'm just saying, I mean, when it's dog, he's not come on your mind, isn't he?
He's helping right now.
He's just trying to find something to talk about.
Well, when you got a sports show in a summertime in South Florida without you ever talk about.
That's right.
And then Marlon Business, for else, squeeze that for all he can get out of it.
But believe me, he's not fooling anybody.
And as far as Georgia, you know, he really is the glue that kind of holds your team together.
I mean, you're the superstar.
But he, you know, I mean, he really does, man.
He's the little pages glue.
Yeah.
He does a great job.
Okay. He really does for it.
He'll be able to fill in for you.
I put up a guy to study.
He's gone so far forward.
Yesterday was the best I've ever heard of.
There you go.
When he's coming on here and let it out, man.
And didn't have, wasn't a pussy.
And he says that he says, thanks for the inspiration.
You put him over the edge.
I'm glad I did.
Yeah. You guys have a great time.
And you too.
Thanks.
See ya.
Well, there's a guy that loves this like crazy.
We're going to have a million of him.
And he did it embarrassly.
What do you mean by that?
Because I was going to just shut my big gap.
Or he embarrassed you in with his what you're saying.
Well, I mean, why should you shut your big gap?
These people deserve what the truth.
They deserve for their behavior to be out.
And why, why should you have to take the front of their crap?
This is, in fact, I want the audience to understand that even when I'm in town,
which I'll be there all the way to long and at other points.
But when I'm there, the general thing is there's any kind of incident of the matter.
How minor it is.
And he usually is so minor that it's laughable.
The way it goes is that I leave at two o'clock or whenever it was one o'clock.
I'm in it after the show.
I'm off the door.
I get past the damn front lobby there with the freaky car.
I'm like, ah, I pulled over that crap, which I can't stand him.
And I'm in the elevator.
I'm in the car.
I'm gone.
I'm up the Hershey Highway.
The turn-pike I'm out of there.
There's no point in hanging around.
Believe me, I want out.
Within 10, 15 minutes.
George is sitting in his room in there.
And within 10, 15 minutes, here comes Greg with his hand on his head trying to find that hole to stick it.
Kind of like Moe in reverse.
So Moe's got his hand in his hand.
Correct him.
And well, George, there's this printed kneel really say that, you know,
it's always George that has to take the brain.
Because they're afraid of me.
They're scared, crapless to talk to me.
And Greg never contacts me.
It's always he has duff and or clearance to do the dirty work.
Well, Greg wanted us to call.
Well, why didn't he call?
Well, because he has no balls.
Because he's scared crapless of you.
Because he knows that you'll out him for being incompetent.
And you know what's really going on.
So instead, it's always duff and or clearance who have to do the dirty work and call.
Well, Greg wanted to know about this.
And did you really put Moe's address on the website?
No, we did not.
No, we did not.
Talk about juvenile and child.
Are you sure?
Oh, I'll check again for the 400th time.
It's like kindergarten because you're dealing there with management that's squirming and squeamish and number-at-management addition to that.
But I can't leave things alone.
And the most important of all is haven't got a clue what talk radio is all about.
Keep in mind, this isn't a talk station.
This is a sports bar with the transmitter.
You're supposed to play sports.
Oh, sorry.
See, you're letting the euphoria from this last guy.
You're letting it go to your head.
I'm sorry.
I know.
I was distracted.
This isn't a talk station.
It's a sports station.
Thanks, Duff.
So the idea that these people know a goddamn thing about talk radio, they haven't got a clue what it's all about.
In fact, when we had all that condolence, and by the way, you asked holes at the Sun, Sentinel, and the Harold, and NBC6,
you know, when there's a real story and broadcasting going on, when they were trying desperately, and not just because it involves me, because it was a big story, when they were trying to get me off the air, the right wingers, and certain other people at newsmax.com, and certain others that I won't bother mentioning again.
Oh, well, that wasn't a story we're talking about.
Now, that wasn't worth putting in our newspaper on our TV news coverage.
With all the condolence of business, and QAM caving in and being censored and threatened with all kinds of crap that was supposed to go on.
Oh, no, that wasn't a news story.
But when somebody's faxes us a bogus story about Catherine Harris dying in a plane crash, and we get a correction on it within a couple of minutes after I read it from a caller that she's on live on C-SPAN, and then we get a fax correcting.
You know, if it hadn't been anything, that correcting fax we got, by the way, nothing to do with this show.
I still have it here somewhere. You know the one I'm talking about?
Yeah. The one that you faxed to me almost to me. Here it is.
Sure.
Catherine Harris, victim of net rumor, and had nothing to do with this show.
Right.
It says, Representative Catherine Harris is alive and well, her office announced an announcement of the internet rumor to the contrary, and the rumor was on that TomFlocko.com, which is what somebody faxed to us.
And anyway, to make a long story short, as you know, by now, we corrected it within a matter of minutes.
Don't bother us with the facts. We're not going to put that in there.
No, this is something really worth getting everybody upset about.
A new PI is calling, an AP is calling, and the Sun's sent to embarrassed to put it in the newspaper yesterday morning, by the way, but it was on their website for several hours.
And then Ms. Budge, being the comedian that she is, she goes ahead and puts it on her website with Catherine Harris's picture on there.
And I'll say it again. Thanks for the free publicity, but as far as accuracy is concerned, oh, it's speaking of accuracy, isn't he on that station?
And didn't he also on his website report, breathlessly, the night that they dropped the bomb on Sodom's hideout supposedly, the punk.
And here breathlessly was Ms. Budge and people on the station that he's on now, WIOD, like John A-Han levied going on.
Oh, well, Sodom is dead in this two-sund. I was driving home from the track that night. I heard it with my own three years.
This simple, twitch, John levied. He used to be my producer, a tub of crap on two legs, an idiot.
Well, all of a sudden I was a news guy at IOD. He's a news guy, like my little dog was a rocket scientist, okay?
Oh, and Sodom is dead and I have it right here. I didn't hear anybody complaining about that except me, because I heard it, and it was totally bogus.
I didn't see Ms. Budge getting all that out of shit and putting that because he had the same misinformation on his website. As he's famous for doing.
His philosophy is if you're throwing up crap up against the wall, some of it's going to stick. That's his philosophy. And sure enough, it does.
So the stuff he get right once in a blue moon, everybody says, oh, look at that. He had this story first. He was right on top of it. He had the blue dress. He was sucking on the stain.
But all the other crap, it just goes by the wayside. It's all forgotten, including that stupid, sun-central story that he put on her all day yesterday, which was totally erroneous.
Miss quoting me, and the part I like the best about it was this business about I refuse to comment. How was I going to comment?
Doff told me they'd never even asked for for me to call them or asked how to get in touch with me. So how was I going to comment?
You were going to release the transcripts. Yeah, Rodgers would not comment on the mix up on Tuesday. We refused to release the transcripts of the program to reporters.
Like I said yesterday, like we have a stenographer making transcripts of this show. I mean, what are we talking about here?
This is what you get in your local newspapers in South Florida. This is why more and more people are turning to the internet to get some news and find out what's going on instead of the problem.
Most of which is written by a bunch of cheap stringers, cheap punks.
And that's what you get as your South Florida newspapers.
Let's close out this first poll.
And the second poll, we better get some names on here because we've only got five names. You think there'll be a lot of choices.
Who is more of a scene or a vulgar 355 votes? Scott for well 130.
Neither 196. Who's Scott for all 73? The erudgers 54. 130. 54. You got the two numbers?
Got it. I just mentioned that in passing. Okay, here's the next poll that's going to go up.
Once in a while, we do this because I don't want to leave that up there all day. It's pretty obvious.
Which well known American is the biggest asshole of them all George W. Bush, Moe Howard David, Rush Limbaugh, Donald Rimsfeld, Charles Heston.
That's a short list so far and we invite you to add to it. But I mean, you know, it's a good group.
You son of a bitch.
It's a select with the short group.
Four minutes till noon at QYM if you're in a dead end job. If you don't have two nickels to rub together, maybe colleges to expensive four and it just takes too long.
You don't have four years to wait around trying to get your life on track.
If you can afford ten bucks a month to commit yourself to three nights a week for four months fast,
ranking up you achieve a new high-paying computer career. Only ten bucks a month and three nights a week for just four months for individuals to qualify.
So what do you got to lose but a really crappy dead end job and a meager paycheck, primarily like Kevin Spacey had at the drive-through with that fast food joint?
Call fast train toll free at one eight six six fast train and now they have four locations all over town.
They're in Miami, Kindle, Pembroke, five and four lot of day. Also, there's bound to be one nearby you call fast train.
Speak with the train career counselor. They're off of your day evening weekend schedules job placement hands on training.
Call them two day toll free. They'll explain it to you. Call one eight six six fast train and don't forget fast trains defer payment is valid for a year regular
payment, payments apply thereafter. Whether you're in a high school or a student on summer break, whether you're somebody in a really underpaid dead end job,
or you're just looking to increase your net worth, this is the thing you ought to do and get yourself on a track to a real career and a big fat paycheck.
Call fast train today at eight six six fast train or check them out on the web at fasttrain.com.
Call fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll free at five six fast train toll
yes Harry Potter I'm a firebreath and dragon Harry Potter will change your team on a trip and they'll return with a new looking their eyes and smiles on their faces Harry
people brother and serious black is like coming to get us see dear that's all this is good Harry Potter now available at your local street corner
right next to the leaky cauldron is a seven eleven
don't forget the funnium and look for the upcoming Harry Potter movie starring Robert Downey Jr. Whitney Houston Charlie
Sheen and Woody Harrelson as Harry
Club noon at five sixty little hand just hit the big hand WQM we got the new pull us up and look at that
three votes you know the three votes are four absolutely which well-known American is the
biggest asshole of them all well I guess that tells you I've voted for right a little bit more
how David it's got three no votes yet for George W. Rush Limbaugh, Donner-Rumsell,
to Charlton Heston we need to expand this list big time okay let's get with it I just
gave George you one oh did you yeah just to make him not feel like that Seattle
consider him to be an asshole he's just dumb you know he's just a pawn I don't know there's a
difference you it is a nuance I consider him to be an asshole a dumb one at that but dangerous
dumb evil do you talk about Morgan oh I'm sorry here's a call from beautiful for a
lot of Dale hello yeah how you doing Dale pretty good sir just turned 61 been listening to you for
20 some years all right I'm not particularly fond of your tacking our chief mr. Bush
she's doing a fine job yeah I think he did what needs to be done if some women children had to
suffer so be it right and all the American kids that are dying every day we had two more yesterday
that's okay so be it that that's just my first thing yeah we just started getting a bonus program
here at work I hear you get bonuses George gets a bonus yeah you pay George's car payment for a bonus
also this is Reverend Jones yes it is yeah Reverend Jones 5 6 7 0 5 day doing his real voice today
so it's not put on that affectation so it took me like an extra 10 seconds 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T get yourself some help Reverend Jones okay get some help before it's too
late before they lock you up at Pompato Park and by the way in case you and case you forgot your
gay here's a call from a plantation hello I have a suggestion for your poll yes sir how about Ken
Jenny 10 Jenny is excellent effect maybe I can change my vote hey and did you hear did you hear
for real interview with that basketball player today no oh he is that's the funniest the best
worst interview always because he just doesn't give a wrap fast and it's obvious he's asking you
how long you know all kinds of crazy stuff uh-huh all that Moe Howard David was fighting just just hung
who you want he wanted the interview who was the interviewing so
always always always of the so-so-so oh you know you know what's saying so Mo
the so was telling him to take a breath he's like breathe in hell breathe
he wouldn't stop you from burrowing and from being in the club you'll notice if you ever hear the
crossover we do a 10 o'clock I've learned the technique is I just keep talking I don't I don't
wait for him to stop because I don't know he'll talk him but I just keep going I'm talking
see ya five six seven I thought he didn't do and do interviews Scott it's all about I think it was
uh it was an interview that Howard was supposed to do and for some reason he did it in and
so it was headed to come on anyway oh well I'm sure it was a hell of a lot more entertaining with them
oh I shouldn't say that but like I said I'm sure it was a lot more entertaining okay the votes
are starting to pour in now you're right George W is going to pull away here I wanted to give
him some competition we'll get some other names under W is about 15 biggest asshole of them all
in America Mo Howard David at nine Rush Limbaugh four Rumsfeld three in Charlton Heston Chuck's got one
at old one he's got an old one it's hanging it's drooping here's Miami hello hello
hello to you yes sir I think the biggest asshole Jesse Jack okay that's my book good choice
thank you Jesse Jackson give many votes five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a
AT&T line over get Joe Rose I bet you I know who he'd be voting for I don't want to like put
words in his mouth but I'm here in the room where is he's going to vote for Howard from Boka yeah
yeah he's made it very clear all around town that the gloves are off and it's all over and he's
going to like hold nothing back and what's he got to lose anyway he only does weekends on the station
anyway he's not going to take any crap from that dot-ring old man maybe Howard will try to get him fired
God that would be something new wouldn't it here's Coral Springs hello hey Neil yes sir
yeah how could you leave John Ashcroft off that list well we're we're waiting for you you know we
don't want to if we put all the good ones in there then you've got nothing no material you're
right but he's got my vote okay thank you sir excellent choice John Ashcroft he'll give many many
votes see this is very tough I mean the the leaders of the far right the Nazi boon I mean these people
of course will get many many votes but we have to spice it up and sprinkle some other assholes in
there as well because there are so many running around so many on the loose five six seven oh five
sixty but that's actually that's a real shocker to Scott you know the result of our poll today
no you think he's going to take me up on the challenge the Colgate challenge the
cool big challenge I'm I'm serious I want him to take the same plot I mean they might as well do
something useful on that QA and that comment will get some response to it man it's an embarrassment
that the lovely judge Cortis has the waist all of his time on a website that nobody's pays any
attention to because most of the sport holes are too stupid to go online anyway the the website what's
that the you know sports right what a waste he could be doing something interesting innovative
on there every day but who might have started interfering you know I want to tell you
anybody else what to do Bob suggesting here's a call from Miramar hello yeah how about Colin
Powell and Mike the Powell daddy and the son well I'll I'll put Colin on there all the Michaels
a good choice all right thanks palik Colin Powell it's total sell out he's got those maps right
there by the way with all those WMDs he's got them right here well they used to be right here
well maybe they're over here right and those cartoon pictures yeah and then of course all that
information we had about the he pleaded uranium and the out of out of all that stuff
how sad how how much sadder can it get you know but what did I tell you they could hold a press
conference on national TV and say well guess what we just wanted to go in there we decided that
about four or five years ago and we lied you made up all these stories about WMDs and all these
phony maps and all these stories about the deals with the Nigerian this and that no you they
yeah the public would say well that's okay you must have a good reason nice job
see that's why I shouldn't know immediately the Reverend Jones thing within the first two seconds
good voice today though Reverend here's Boca hello hi Neil how are you okay putting your
song or did they make you stop playing no chance man that's that bit to us with condolese uh
okay thank you sorry can't play that even though of course it was so obviously a spoof and
everybody knew what it was all about but oh you can't see that was a major story there was a major
broadcasting happening in South Florida last year did Tom jikigit Kevin basted before he
became a sports expert and he found out about it did he write about it did he got Glenn Garvin
now see that's why I said to joke here we got four major newspapers every day in Toronto you got
your Globe and Mail the star the Sun the National Post which is embarrassing but you got four
and all of them have got people I won't say every day but like Chris Delkovitch in the Toronto star
he writes a broadcast I'm not just talking about regular sport a radio I'm talking about sports
radio he's got a broadcast column that runs almost every day and doesn't pull any punches and
roaps people and ask when they deserve it but in South Florida you got people that write just
general puff pieces about you know well NBC is bringing out their news show and Warner Brothers
and it's crap Tom when you're gonna get somebody in those newspapers that write something when it
says something the last two tens times that I appeared and then that the newspaper was the one
about how I slipped out the Schmidt word on the year the day and it was all in error and then
everything in that story was wrong other than the fact that we got on the year but how I didn't
hit the dump button which isn't correct and then all the other crap that deserves to have a
story written about it and then of course this this other floating story about how hey we were
ahead the Catherine Harris move the phony internet story which again biggie real biggie which was
such a big story didn't even make it into the actual physical edition of the newspaper
now I'm gonna take it right now I've said this for years I haven't said it in a long time though
the one thing that would change the nature of life in South Florida and it'll ever happen
would be a third major newspaper to come in and compete with these two bush leaguers
I'm serious then you'd see some change then we'd have a chance at Casino gambling then we'd
have a chance to like come into the you know into the enlightened age as opposed to being in the
stone age in an area that's run by a bunch of banana boat the Mafiosi but that would take someone
with balls oh line nine is in Miami hello ruffle crow yeah
was that him yes it was him that's why I said line nine is in Miami called five times go away
asshole go far away go away we hate you like poison you know something see at least Reverend Jones
he's chronic he can be annoying but he's funny he doesn't been different every time yeah exactly
does something a little bit different every time he's at least a little bit amusing you're not
funny you're pathetic you're sad the audience would like to go out there and take up a collection so
we can put you away for a few years find a a roosting place for you get you a roosted you idiot yeah he
ought to be a roosted god almighty what kind of rooster oh geez just like maybe he can allope with Dennis you
know Dennis and the guy from American beauty I don't want to say which one see it's very hard to
talk about that movie because you don't want to give anything away right in fact I had a friend
of mine called me last night I was watching the movie that's one of the great things about DVDs you
know you got to take a leak you put on pause you get a phone call you put on pause and so I got
it on pause there as luck would have it the rookie fits was on the screen I got it on pause and
we're talking and he says oh that movie is really great the ending is I just say I had a phone
yeah it's a slimmer phone right now one more I mean he wasn't gonna do it but just didn't want to take
any chance here's how it ends no thanks this is open up such a tremendous avenue to me because I just
I don't know I just never was inspired I never had the time never really give a crap about it
and it just looks so good now on DVD yeah all the tracking problem all those this one is in letterbox
extremist you know what I mean it's like in the real you know what I'm talking about it's like a
narrow is a flip yeah like you've got a black thing at the top of the screen one at the bottom
that are both about two feet wide and they're like oh yeah if you look real close there's something
going on in between I'm not I don't like letterbox why you need one of those theater
eska plasma screens wall melted well well why does that change it well because that's the
shape of the screen to begin with so it's like you have a theater right there in your living room
yeah well if you saw the size of my living room here my 52 inch Sony that I have here is
like about to twice too big for it it's just not that big of a room now my house that's something
to think about but with the flood screens they just not right on the wall they're only like six
inches like I said it's not that big of a room okay prominent eska Julio the engineer when he
comes back to town I said it's well that's fast known at 560 WQM something important to pop
in your mouth okay no not that all you met all your wet soft gels contain the finest olive oil
you've ever seen in your life or you've ever had ingested in your life it's not just ordinary olive
oil which you can buy in the supermarket any day this is super concentrated and all you made
is loaded with all kinds of health benefits for you all you made every day can up reduce the risk
of heart disease and high cholesterol and now there are 14 different all you made formulas to choose
from each one combining like I said the best olive oil you ever dreamed of with vitamins minerals
and herbals to support specific health needs from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune
system just pick out the formulas that are right for you and the pop them in your post and now we've
got three new formulas one to help you sleep one to help you control that disgusting weight
and sell Q10 for your heart pick some up today while you're out doing your shopping pick up
all you met at publics, accords, Walgreens, Whole Food Market, Sedanos, Navarro's or order it online
if you like all you met america.com is their website if you want more info on this to
pennies products and what they can do for you and where you can stick them call tool free 1-866
Oliomad that's 1-866-653-6633 for better health start popping Oliomad in your fat
those real tight I'll give to it or not I'll break when for you if you want me to and I'll let my guess
boom we'll win soon
from 18 to 560 WQM I got 107 votes already our second pool we're smoking today baby
we are smoking it don't mess it up Greg okay I'm just so terrified I've gone through
these different phases mentally last a week or two on the one side we know that things are really
we're in a great position right now things are smoldering on this radio station we finally made a
comeback after languishing since Greg screwed it up about a year and a half ago but you just have
this feeling based on their aberrant behavior that they're on a vert there every moment they're
on a verge of screwing it up you know I'm saying I'm sure you do what yeah oh they're always like a
heartbeat away from a screwing up a good thing because they just can't they can't control themselves
see the people that are the most nervous who in a part of their brain they have to admit to
themselves they haven't got a clue what they're really doing 110 votes on here which well
known American is the biggest asshole of them all George W. Bush 44 Rush Limbog 28 more how
we David at 18 absolutely Rumsfeld 11 Jesse Jackson 4 John Ashcroft 3 Chuck Heston 1 new
English one no votes yet for Ken Jenny or Colin Powell now here's in the guest editorial in the USA
today today Rick Santorum right wing Republican Senator and probably Clausic case from Pennsylvania
rights Americans must preserve the institution of marriage and his whole column here is all about
wow the Supreme Court justices may not be willing to admit it but they've opened up the door in
Audi Audi and that's why he agrees with Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist Republican attendacy
who would support a constitutional amendment to a firm judicial marriage they don't want to follow
the way of Canada here did you see the story that I had in there yesterday or two days yes
British Columbia has just started the Mirin Gate couples just like Ontario here and before the
end of the year it'll be nationwide here in Canada and it's no big deal and nobody's having
an nervous breakdown and like goes on there is one little minor religious group of course it's
trying to like block it ain't gonna work trying to interfere trying to stick their superstition
and hate on everybody else ain't gonna work not here a also did you see that they're going to start
making available medical marijuana saw that story yeah that you facts here in Canada a medical
marijuana going to be made available to those who are prescribed it or I'm alien grown by the government
you won't have to buy it from Ricky Fitzsett that exaggerated price that inflated price he was
charging last night yeah where'd they get that but you know when he when he first opened up the
box and Kevin Spacey says to him he says well how much isn't that bag is his about an ounce
and I'm thinking of myself 300 bucks because you know me from the old days you old school the old
Reich's culture and the kid is saying oh yeah 300 bucks and I thought all right that's not bad
right and then what was the other kind that he had the G 13 that he had which is just creepy and
it's a four hundred dollars if you don't even know anybody for an hour yeah well that's pretty
crappy that creepy if that price oh it's good that's that's the going price no but I'm how much
400 for now but I'm saying he wanted to grand yeah well he had he had a lot more he had a lot more
stereo company need to buy a pair of more than a grand room boy would like to have that outfit yeah
he told dad that he was making a money for working these catering these backwards in crap collecting
aluminum cans that yeah that was another phenomenal scene where he's watching there were a lot of
people watching through the windows kind of like rear window yeah people to the lot of people
through the keyholes and that thing and he sees and he doesn't realize what's going on he thinks
that the kid is given Kevin Spacey head all he's doing is leaning down and the rolling a big fat one
and Kevin Spacey sitting back with a shirt off because he's been working out in the garage
friend of bulk up for that blonde bimbo it's it's phenomenal American beauty if you don't if
you only see one movie this year that's one of the ones I'd recommend five six seven oh five
sixty we got a lot more assholes to get on this list let's get with it okay pretty weak here's
Fort Lauderdale hello they'll uh can't compete with the US and business but that's why they're
marrying the eggs and uh yeah okay great uh can't compete you stay there pal also they hear a while
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
and then amazing that people like that listen to this show aren't you astonished no just like
just like the 14.1% yesterday they said their number one choice for a news the number one source
was Fox News they're obsessed with this program they're like Dennis they can't shut it off just like
Miss Fudge here's Fort Lauderdale hello and Neil yes sir okay I'd like to add on behalf of my mother
of bubbling Anthony Scalia to that list Anthony Scalia probably one of the best guys we can have up
there on the bench and then properly not the court bench thick adventures could you play that
whole phone it's all know the goal is that sitting on the bench is all right that would probably be appropriate
in honor of Anthony Scalia absolutely okay pal have a great time
all right
man 47 to be exact my wife took their card or the wall she drives my viewer and she's three feet tall
all I even ride would turn away I said I needed a lady today so I'm just sitting on a bench and
all right waiting for the early press to take me away
or just sitting on a bench and go away with my friend crying
I like it's time to take my change because the boss there's don't always stay the same
all that gonna do what yet that tells me to do
the private her life she must be in pain just sitting here resting my bones
wondering why my wife won't leave me alone we've talked it over that I never win
I just wind up schlepping through the mall again
oh so I zip on a bench in the rain waiting for the loudly press to take me away
absolutely
126 and 560 double here I think what we ought to do one of these days I guess maybe when we go back to
the full schedule that is I'm just gonna play like the lost QA and bits oh yeah I got like on a
Wednesday in the last hour because what I'm doing and going through these hundreds and hundreds and
hundreds and thousands of zillions of this is I'm fine it all kinds of stuff that we haven't
played in agents very treasure very treasures is that good way to put it for way to stick it don't
forget August 1 to best anneal 2002 2003 will be available on our website the cover I mean
not the front cover but all the what you call it back cover stuff like that and it looks great all
good or you see all the all the pieces it has yet to go into production but you know like all the
stuff that Miguel's doing now yeah it's all ready to go I think that got from passions was involved
in putting it together these are Reese's pieces of course you don't know Reese on passion so what do
you know you know one of those things you refused to look and I tell you share it and on I show
she's I'll tell you who else is really beautiful and that is the actress that plays Beth I'm guiding
like now I realize you don't watch these soap operas because it's not a manly thing to do that she
has got to be 50 easy and what they can do with makeup on TV it's just amazing she knows she is
one of the most beautiful women I've ever even though her character is real snotty and bitchy and you
have to hit her like poison that's okay she's annoying well I hear you used to that 26 past 26
past known at 560 WQM if you want to take the whole gang out especially during the hot summer days
you don't want to stand in the kitchen cooking and you want to go for real feast
air-mold coast is the place to go three locations for it south Florida there in some rise north
Miami Beach and the newest one is in Pembroke Pines start your mouth watering eating experience with
one of six different soups or all of them if you like just travel it down your pants and there are
dozens and zillions of suckling on trays including New York strip made order the gourmets and that's
their sizzling Asian grill featuring grilled shrimp scampy style jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon and
their brand new seafood saying Jacques if that isn't good enough for it try their dungeon is crab
and ginger and scallions hand carb primer cooked the way you like it the brand new oriental chicken
salad and lots more to the animal coast promotes only healthy up living because there's no crap
in any their food no MSG no cornstarch and they cook all their fine cuisine only with cholesterol
free oils the buffet features a full salad bar sushi bar fresh room cocktail too and because
you deserve it they feature a full dessert station to finish a perfect figure out with pies and cakes
pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings fresh fruit as well they even have watermelon most
of the time to the perfect ending to a big feast animal coast and sunrise you'll find a
pineapple at a 44th street in north Miami Beach Collins Avenue just north to 163rd and also in
Pembroke Pines at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke Rose take the whole family book your
next business lunch and right now all-size parties be welcome let them do the cooking for you with
the animal coast take out and live the available two call 9545723822 when you go into the
uh Pembroke the sunrise location tell my friend Richard bad news least will not make the playoffs
this season 9545723822 for the world famous unbeatable animal coast Chinese buffet
to blow off his case you don't have to call me what you can
why do you talk about it if he got the kid hey you've left my hair all up
will you throw us the witch yourself do not touch that switch would you pee pee if you saw his face make
little pee pee line the baby what you we we all over the flame truck straight you'll
ever need a diaper what you think what a metal dragon ring hey what do you know in the metal
mountain rake and swing it at his boy easy now let's talk about this okay I think his chances are zero
and I like the eyes on that zero and I'm sure I'm very good at not a snowboard chance in hell
should I get followed in hot and hell snowball melt no good
oh you're right from 32 to a 560 now that caught online nine from Kassimi let's check it out hello
hey Neil how you doing okay sir two people for your list okay first of all Pat Roberts then you
he's the guy who wants us to send massive American troops in the library to save Charles Taylor
because in his mind it's a good Christian right and Michael Weiner from Weiner Nation
Michael Weiner yeah that would be Michael Savage is real Michael Savage yeah his real name is
Michael Weiner I call it the Weiner Nation I never knew that before yeah he need for you
informally from Savage Nation on TV anyway right right yeah his name is Michael Weiner yeah
he was very in sense that MSNBC he say he claims now he didn't know he was on the air and he is
a upset if he offended the gay community he's a so full of crap this guy oh I mean I've heard him say
he wants to murder a billion Chinese people I mean he's the guy who's not told not yeah get
them on there please okay they're on thank you okay Pat Roberts and Michael Savage also on the
list that we had a whole bunch of facts is here a flurry oh Jay Simpson right absolutely Al Sharpton
Matt Rudge how could we leave Miss Fudge off he wants the attention he's desperate for attention
from the show Miss Fudge get Matt Rudge on there Wayne Heisinga how could we have left off our
good close personal buddy you know how to side out of mind yeah
Wayne Heisinga Henry Kissinger is a good choice right
oh George is leaving the building hey listen you haven't had anything to say for a weeks now okay
since you're a little escapade I know which one let's the card one there I didn't want to fall behind
then there's a fact here that says from our friend Bacho and Dallas Vesame Bacho Muccio
maybe he makes those bachi candies that they sell italy and you're all your Italian markets you ever
have bachis though but what's bachi ball you know something that's a good question because
bachi is one of the most famous candy makers in Italy V.A.C.I. Bachi and they do have a thing called
bachi ball which I have no idea as Moe he probably plays in his spirit time in between Shuffleboard
matches at Cemetery Village that's why he doesn't he doesn't live at Cemetery Village he lives at
anyway this fax for our friend in Dallas is what about Phil Henry are you sure
he's really a prick now that he's gotten a little fame and fortunate to stand on a rack and the fact
that he charges seven bucks to listen to the clips on his website really pissed me off he was
even he was even making fun of radio people who play play parody songs see I wonder who he could
have been talking about but he has turned into such an asshole I think he belongs on the list
in saintly jealous why do these people I mean what does my life have to do with his he's only making
enough money yeah is that the problem that his NBC pilot fell through again no that's why he took
his position in favor of the war right yeah says he's so full of himself he needs something to bring
him back down to earth on his mad as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore since bachi would
good choice Phil Henry okay yeah now this well let's see somebody says put Russell Crowe on
your i agree just out of just out of frustration with spending 30 bucks for that then DVD that awful
beautiful mind you like oh wait a minute you know who it is it's a I can't believe who this is from
again why did you send this to me just because ah because you're a schmittest derber that's right he's
back to being Craig and Miami this is the guy for the line nine guy we don't need any other name
from just the line nine guy the whole audience will know know who he is he called before and mumbled
Russell Crowe and I said wasn't that him yet it was yeah and then he goes on to say I'm not trying
to be chronic that's why he's faxing us again he's not trying to be chronic I'm such a huge fan
of your show I feel the need to speak with you every once in a while I'm sorry if you think I'm
crazy but I love you would show I'm sorry for all the trouble no you're not you're not sorry you
keep faxing me the same caca you're like all the other chronic who faxed the same car oh I'm never
going to call you again just like a Jeff Heist neighbor there Dave crazy people only crazy people
are chronic so kids one thing to love the show guess what the price is right it's free turn it
up real loud and enjoy it squeeze yourself have a good time but quit bugging us okay line nine man
there we time I and look at that four-lotter day line nine hello hello I got a nomination for
your most hated yes sir Alex Penelope excellent choice all right thank you thank you now it's not
most hated it's the biggest asshole but certainly he qualifies let me say it again I wonder how those
new restaurants got in it the airport you know they got a pizza out expressed they got a big burger
king I wonder who had to get smeared to get those things in there at the airport you know we're
only if your Alex's buddy you get in there it wasn't you you can't even take a plane unless you
know him you mentioned his name well I'm sorry mr. Rogers you're not going to be loud in this
light well how about if I say Alex Penelope okay go right ahead what if I shake your hand this way
yeah right secret handshake oh and let me say another thing too because you know I always use
MIA I'm just used to it and I get limo at anywhere thanks to my good friend Ken Halpert and
National Limos was that good enough did I give him a good enough what what's her number
but but I'm serious I wouldn't it would be nice to have just somebody who speaks English when
you go through they all you know they take the shoes off and at hold the illiterate security I'd
like to just one person who speaks English beside those of us who are on a way to reflect that's
port Lauderdale sorry oh like I said I'm gonna I haven't flown out of port Lauderdale in years I
think they finally because at least I drive by it the construction is leveling off oh that's why
I stopped going there because there was no more parking and it was like I had a park 10 miles away
and pay $50 a minute was I go to a Marlon game here's the fact now this fact is outrageous you know
it says I suggest you disclose the ending to American beauty so you can discuss it there was
some moments when the viewer had no idea who did it lots of candidates no kidding now here comes
the best part the movie is four years old and if the moron public hasn't seen it yet tough to earth
well I just watched it last night okay so I guess I must be a moron too it was not a big to do
while it was out well even if it was a big to do I mean I had I seen Rick being for a dream or
a momentum or like all these day movies I've been watching last couple of months yeah you know
not everybody has all the idle time on their hands to go watch movies like this person whoever
on on on sign says five Oscar nominations to the owner about they've had their chance do it do it do
it do it well guess what no I'm not ruining it I'm not going to recommend a movie for people to watch
and then ruin it for them am I no do it do it do it no no no here's another suggestion for our
pool that they're pouring in now Al Sharpton says hands down the biggest prick bastard out there's
got to be Reverend Al Sharpton perfect example why separate the church in states should be reversed
send him to a state mental hospital I love this this is a great fact send him to a mental hospital
and give him some churches fried chicken for his stay I love that and then they threw in their
Wayne High Pinger from Robin Pompano Beach that's gone Rob Esselin so now we're getting rolling on
this I know we'd get it going there's still trying to figure out who's most have seen in vulgar
which well known American is the biggest asshole of them all 164 votes already
George W. Bush 67 Rush Limbaugh what's the R.T. 29 more Howard David in 26 most given
Russia run for his money nice going Mo I know you could do it absolutely Jesse Jackson 16
Donald see I read the name Jesse Jackson the right away I'm thinking asshole so that's good
no no seriously right Donald Rumsfeld 11 John A.C. Crop 10 Newt Gingrich 3 he's you know
ancient news Chuck Heston just ancient he's got one can't Jenny one and Colin Paul none and we
got a whole bunch of these others that are going on there any minute aren't they boner boy
aren't they being her boy yes they are going on any second O.J. Simpson Al Sharpton mad
drugs Wayne High Zingah Phil Henry okay Pat Robertson Michael Savage and of course Alex Pingha
my
love this is 4th radio 560
by talk to make it them 2 to 4 afternoon
4th radio 560
you a yeah okay now listen I know just ordinarily skip the bit to go to a celebrity caller but in this
case we'll make an exception damn it what's up suds you know I do not ever normally agree with
anyone from Texas but the guy who facts you about Phil you know something that my psychic powers
must be working in again because I saw your name on a thing here and I thought to myself what
would suds be called out about now and I knew it was about Phil okay you know I love Phil he's
a he's an incredible talent yeah but last night he really hurt me I'm in the shower and listening
and he had been talking about how many years he's been in the business and how hard he had worked
and all this kind of yeah goes into a spot set comes out I think it's like at the bottom of the
hour and the music's playing and this is you know this is kind of paraphrasing here but it's
pretty close I think he said I don't know Roger's down in Miami who is now so desperate he's
ripping off my show here's a guy who everyone he's known he has stabbed him in the back and then
he ran away to live in Canada now he's ripping off my show way to go and he'll music up ID blah blah blah
are you serious I'm serious I don't I never hear his show an additional which I'm in the
room which I'm up here where the hell would I hear his show here I don't know if I'd be a reference
to the Catherine Harris thing I believe it was although he made no reference to Catherine Harris
well you just think maybe it was an attempt at humor no no no I don't in other words it was mean
spirited yeah are you sure I guess what Bill go down yeah I'm going to go there
that's unbelievable well I just you know I stopped and mid drying off you know yeah what the hell
was that but maybe he was just joking maybe because the Catherine Harris thing would be like
something he would do I you're sure that it wasn't just a no well possibility I suppose but
I don't know he's bitter I have no idea why and you know this inspired me for a great pull for
Tuesday yeah which of these people do you think is most jealous of Andrew obsessed with Neil I've
never done that pull and I'm gonna have his name right at the top of the list you know absolutely
Joey Reynolds I mean there's a long list of people I don't understand it I mean I knew either I
was like I said I just I just stopped I could you see there's a lot that I've never talked about
because I I didn't hear I'm gonna see after when I said that just joking that the first part you
wouldn't be a joke about stabbing people in the back now who the hell have I stabbed in the
back that I ever liked see it started with him with with my making a comment when I came to QA
I'm somebody because I you know when we first came on QA and you remember I sold
very very 20 grand for his charity in LA that's right yeah he had the best of full KFI CD and a
lot of it we had that all you can eat Negroes on it and a lot of our listeners wanted to get a hold
of it so I talked him on the year and we we raised 20 grand for his charity in Los Angeles for the
whatever that it was a good charity yeah and and and when I about a year later we got a new
conversation and that was when they put him on at nights on IOD and I said I somebody somebody
asked me a question all I said was I think Bill was a lot better when he was here and I think that
that act is hard to maintain that's all which is not exactly the worst shot in the world it is
hard to keep that up and from that moment on he turned on me like a cornered rat he didn't
interview at some magazine and Palm Beach some puffees and he said well who else in talk
radio now do you think is really entertaining he said well other than myself I can't recommend
anybody and and this is the guy that used to suck my ass to my face oh you're the best in the
history of the business you're unbelievable and then all I did was say that I didn't think
sure was as good as it used to be or you know when he was in town because it doesn't relate to
to the stuff we talk about here and right away wow you know you're a piece of crap well I
would kind of wrestling around whether or not to mention that or not no I'm glad you did I mean
I mean I raised 20 grand for this guy's charity I've touted him from here to the end of the
kingdom come and and there are two things that bother him the most number one when they stuck his
tapes on against me remember those days yes and we beat the snot out of many couldn't break a one
share what you know you're on the stand station yeah right well that number one and number two
because of the fact that I had the audacity not to suck up to 100 percent I'll still say he's
a unique talent he's a tremendous talent as a person and you'll also recall when we let when
IOD was sold a paxon you'll recall that episode because they had a clandestine meeting with
Phil and the rest of us were kept in the dark before the meeting that day and that evening they
had a meeting with Phil yeah and and he we arranged it ahead of time that I was going to call him
and I was going to find out from him what we was going on and then I was going to talk to you and
Rick well I call Phil Henry oh they never showed up they didn't show up for the meeting
which of course they showed up it was the deal was that he wasn't going to be included in the
sale of paxon and that it was because the Brian Cox lawsuit was heavy on Cox broadcasts he's
mind at that time and they wanted to keep their finger in his paycheck so so they kept him out of
that deal they shipped him off the KFI and LA and he lied to his teeth to me that that's not my
idea of a friend well anyway I was hoping somebody else would have called with that today so I
didn't have to but if she had just been grinding on me all day you know well here's a message from
suds and niel Phil good ale yeah well thanks for cheering me up and making my day okay man enjoy
yourself up there and pound it where you ran away to yeah I'm running I'm running right down
to Hershey highway right now okay see you soon see you bye how do you like that huh I want to talk
about backstabbing who the hell have I stabbed in the back mo no I haven't stabbed mo in the back
I stabbed him right in the front absolutely and the top and the front right to his face okay
we don't have to go through the background of mo and how we try to get you can and you know
everybody I'm not even going to waste my time doing it I'm no one got in the building it gave
him a chance in the beginning if I stand for well in the back do I have any intention of doing it
no pain no mad dog no any cake you'll and mark no no
rick Riley no even though you hate him the late micron yearning no no I know what this man's
talking about didn't stab you in the back all I did was make the most minor criticism and right
away if you're that uptight baby you're in the wrong business it's all I can tell you Phil you're
in the wrong business are you sure positive okay look at this so many assholes it says here on
this facts chronic fill in muggator wherever he is W is on air a Catherine Harris and she don't
rely I believe her alone jab bush is good yeah how come we don't have some of these on there Jesse
Jackson's honor and OJ jab bush jury fall well why's not he not on there I'm sure he will be said
now look and now look at this for well is absolutely more obnoxious than you simply by no it
wasn't obnoxious that wasn't the question Phil the question was vulgar and what was the other
obscene obscene not obnoxious let's see Alice Peney up here we got him on there rich stanches okay
Rick is an asshole that's good iliana gross latent we don't have it do we have any women on there
not if we have any other we don't have any women on there she'd be the first one let's get her
on there the hill get a lot of votes iliana was anadana by the way do you get Antonin Scalia spelled right
who you I'm asking whoever put it on there it says Anthony Scalia that's not his name
I believe it law huh huh his name is Antonin a n to n i n a n to n i n a n to n i n you got it
no didn't think so but if it's just like left like a I mean I'm glad that's what's called
I don't want him to feel bad but left like a turd hanging over my whole day you know
yeah this isn't that shocking to you here's the guy that we used to have in an addition or
which in addition to which he's he syndicated see this is what gets me about people like miss
but all the way at least he's on an iod in fla and in Tampa we were on for a couple years
so there's some people there who know me but Phil Henry is on like I don't know 150 or 200
stations at night including some of the biggest markets in the country most of those people
have got no idea who I am in addition to which I don't listen even when I'm in town I don't listen
and I couldn't listen here if I wanted to unless I want to go on the internet and pay the
listener whatever that deal is I'm not interested I know listen to the radio oh stand everybody
in the back now what were you going to say I'm sorry I forgot no you said we did something for
this is the guy we used to hang out with Phil he would you know we would have beers down in the
on the picnic table behind the station there go to the next door to the bar with all the
you know the co-workers hanging out shooting the crap I'll tell you one thing if you're that's
thin skinned man you're definitely in a wrong witness security on that if there I mean I remember
very specifically the comment that I made and it was nothing it was just a minor criticism and I
stand by it I've had many people tell me that it's a very difficult act to maintain and especially
all of the characters you stay here talking about the Wayne Heizanga and about different things
that happen in South Florida let's see I said here I mean there yeah in addition to which what
differences to make where I'm doing this show from you're a hot one to talk he's doing a show
sitting out there in Los Angeles and then the people in New York are they upset because he's not
sitting in New York or the people in Chicago or whatever or in Miami what difference does it make
if I'm doing a show in Toronto part of the time or in Miami or in in moon buck Wisconsin whatever
this is a make god that is just a shock here's Miami Gardens hello Neil yes sir if you give away the
ending of American beauty I'm gonna kill myself okay listen um yeah I'm not gonna what what I do
that I mean it would be that would just be ridiculous thought you ball combination of from what I know
bowling and shuffleboard all right the bowling fins or other balls and everything else but just
one more thing the lineup is excellent I can't wait till 9.55 to hear you and start going out
it I just I'm just dying in the car listening to you yeah we're having a really good time now
the first time I can honestly say on this radio station that we've been having a good time in a very
long time I believe it or not I tune in also at 7.55 to hear Mo and him going out thank you see I
think we got it down I don't mess up with it okay don't screw it all up Greg that's we we need
to get a restraining order against him we need to have him in a straight jacket I would say we
need to get tough in a straight jacket but don't have to be so straight 218 votes on our second
pool of the day today in your opinion which one on American is the biggest asshole of them all
George W Bush is running away with it he's got 80 Rush Limbaugh's got 30 man 34 Mo Howard
David it's got 32 Jesse Jackson 26 he's in a running for runner up John ask for 14 Rumsfeld's got
13 and then it's like single digits on that it feels already got one but it was so it's you think
wrong probably and when I think of all the stuff that I and which I just got through
telling so it's all those things that I never bother going into on the year because I don't have
ax to grind with him you know right but his ego it has been out of control for a long time and I
know for a fact that when he put his tapes on there the best uptapes up against me in October
about three years ago he thought he was going to just knock me right off the map and south Florida
did it happen did he break a one-shear nothing Zipity do not
so good luck to you okay sweetheart have a great life 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 80 and I guess
he was upset that I got all that publicity I must have been one set him off how else were
the unknown about that Catherine Heres thing I mean it was on all the wire services I guess he
was upset that they actually had the audacity to publicize this program here's Miami hello
Miami yes sir hey deal hey I would take off
I'll fill off the list but here's a real I told you want to put on list it's so good I don't need
the an asshole it's a dumb asshole and I'm okay great good call 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound
for Seattle I would put him on there but I mean this guy just want to say asshole over and over again
asshole yeah here's point and V tell oh yes I want to contribute to the show deal
go ahead I think that we're admiral a point dexter is a
rear admiral point dexter is the biggest asshole in America yeah he's the one who wants to put
everybody in a computer and have a file and every oh we got some good great stories on our
website today about that that I'm glad you mentioned and okay thank you we're gonna put him on
there no no you won't get any votes did you see the stories about that yes including one that I
know you love about our friends in Walmart oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah spend extra time reading those I read the
oh is that a beautiful story or what and then they say oh well we're not gonna go ahead and do that
I mean pretty soon everybody's gonna have a computer chip deep inside their ass they're gonna know
what you had for breakfast what you're planning on getting for lunch what books you're reading what DVDs you've
been watching and talking about who you're talking to on a phone and a partridge and a
partridge oh my favorite Republicans this is madras and it's time for the excuse they're
holding it's time once again for the Neil Rogers one to two power oh yeah this is called us I am now
going to fill in for the holiday it is a holiday and it is my income burden to me to
fill in for your hair or your oh god I hope Neil is not listening please don't
have a listen or a vacation and they have a nice time I'm I'm going to play beats
calm or give it that odd when you funny and you will see um so um we have see I did in
um
um
um
oh somebody help me please um okay I play beat
it is not working properly it is because they are using windows xp and I cannot lose the
doggy uh where is the the DCS does not work in favor of you all does program I keep telling them
and nobody listens to me and I get very angry you know and this is I do not speak
we know seats from my ass hold but I am fortunate to be in glamour profession thank you
for he for bailing me out of jail you have saved my life for my brother he or he my brother I love you
coming up on the break oh god thank you what is this supposed to me this lengthy U.P. I
you know that um they give Matt grudge credit for starting the story
okay because he was listening right he did see he did start the story they they imply that
you got the story from him oh I see the heritage story oh well yeah of course we didn't get it
from him because uh he obviously hadn't seen it and most other people anyway they got a facts
well this is sensational this is a really going to get filled up so okay just on and on
Peter principles a savage world and on and on about Neil Rogers did this and Dufflin's he said
and Catherine Harris is still alive and yoddy yoddy yoddy oh my god let's see here's another
fact we're trying to get some Phil Henry faxes yeah but wait yeah but wait a second
so just to confirm her feel he was not joking the bitterness was thick and evident he was referring
to the Catherine Harris thing yeah like I said he I guess he thinks that all over America he's
the only person on a year I mean I'm sitting here on WQA in Miami five sixty on the dial with a
signal that goes about 15 yards up into the air like that which if there's a goddamn powerline
within 500 yards of your house you can't hear the station and he's on eight million stations from
coast to coast I'm sure making some pretty dang good cash I'm not complaining I got a nice income
here I'm doing fine but what's the comparison he's like a big hit he's a smash he syndicated
all over the goddamn country Howard Stern sings his praises how Bernadier's well more does he want
but he wants to be the only person in America who gets publicity and believe me this was not
good publicity and not that I care but to think about the Catherine Harris was twisted and turned
and the UPI thing is an absolute joke they don't even know what they're talking about
but don't confuse the people in the print media because they can write whatever basically whatever
they want especially if you're a public figure oh the facts how Miriam Olofant nah she's not she's
small potatoes the faxes about Phil are pouring in here's one that says I stop listening to
Phil not only because of his warstack because I gave him another shot and during his rambles he
was unnecessarily critical of just about everybody and worse it wasn't funny so I quit Phil for good
okay here's a regular listener in my any says regarding Phil Henry let me tell you how
pacify the show has become Phil Henry has been so rattled by the radio powers of KFI and
Los Angeles that the end of every show we asked to have a disclaimer that all the voices were his
and then all the characters are fictional and made up the show has become a complete joke
as an mere as a mere shadow what it was in Miami that's basically what I said I didn't say
it was a joke but I said it was not the same as it was here right right so whoever this listener was
Phil's gonna if he knew your name he would be an ass on the ear might so there you go thanks
guys thanks for alerting me not that I really give a crap on where they're the cause it's not the
first time he's pulled his crap but he's just so bitter in the hostel and talk about stabbing somebody
in the back um think he's called the pot called a kettle pink
Walmart stores is unexpectedly canceled testing for an experimental wireless inventory control
system any one of the first and most closely watched efforts to bring controversial radio
frequency identification technology to store shelves in the US a Walmart representative this week
told CNET news that the retail travel not conducted plan trial of a so-called smart shell system
with partnered Gillette that was scheduled to begin last month at an outlet to Brockton Masters
Boston suburb the shelf was never completely installed Walmart spokesman Tom Williams said
we didn't want it and there were many materials that were in Brockton were removed we never had
any products with chips in them radio frequency identification RFID technology uses microchips
to wirelessly transmit product serial numbers to a scanner without the need for human intervention
the technology is seen as an eventual successor to barcode inventory tracking systems
promising to cut distribution costs for manufacturers and improve retailing margins but
but the technology is drawn barbs from consumer privacy groups that worry about potential abuses
if product tracking tags are allowed to follow people from stores into their homes
oh right maybe if when you're sitting on the turl it you know it'll relay the aroma and
how many seeds and all of these things you know you wipe with whether most finger was in there at any
point so the entire story is on our website today one of our bedtime stories Walmart cancel shelf trial
a smart shell trial just another way that big brother is sticking to know is deep inside your
rectum 5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line which while known American is the biggest asshole
of them all we're asking today 287 this is our second pool of the day George W. Bush 102
he's going to win hands down 104 as I'm speaking they're pouring in
rush limbaugh 43 mole Howard David at 39 not doing bad absolutely Jesse Jackson 36 he's read on
mosaes but he's probably used to it John ascroft 15 Rommesfeld 14 L sharp and 12 Phil Henry's up to
four time with Wayne Heisenga O.J. Simpson New King Ridge and Pat Robertson nice going Phil
I I don't know what it is it's an awful lot different than what I expected this first week of
this so-called summer vacation schedule this is not what I thought sorry it's all my fault I'm
sure yeah from now wake up call yesterday at 810 don't do it again and of course Beena Boyz
dressed as both out so much the last two weeks air every day we sit there with baited breath praying
and hoping that he might show up sometime like at a reasonable period of time well what's the
crisis this week Beena Boy I think we ought to know about nothing we're spaying your aberrant
behavior I've been staying somewhere else and it's been a he wasn't even further into Jacksonville
I don't think that our conversation two weeks ago had any impact on this child do you
do you think we're getting through to him now where there's no sense there's no feeling
all the Chinese proverb here's a call from Cooper City hello
good how you doing okay I got a couple for the pole okay sir
Martha Stewart Martha Stewart's an outstanding choice okay and one that you would like
nearly might want to change your what is your vote in the church oh yeah how about that one
oh if I can only vote over again yeah I'll go to which we now okay thanks thanks
thanks pellet there's another guy obviously lost the money with my close personal buddy my church
thanks again rumor oh brother you're right if I had a chance to change my vote I vote a whole bunch
of time but third man at least man oh man what I mean snake world salesman look out look out my my my
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T line don't forget two to four this afternoon
Joe Rose fills in from mad dog his topic today will be powered from bokeh
this guest will be his guest will be powered from bokeh whose first call it might be
oh no oh sorry sorry how did I do that oh my god I got so
care was my bad but I got so carried away with that you know what I'm to do just as you think
it no no not that no seriously what the hell is that under that thing where where Rose goes off and
says an update of what took place just now off the air I think it's important you hear this how
we're just called the radio station how it starts that was my bad it starts I'm gonna give you
an update of what took place just now off the air because I think it's important you hear this
howard just called the radio station howard david who I get along with great that's in line
he called me an asshole saying I was trying to stir it up my point back to howard is don't listen
listen to one oh one point five let me see what age group one oh one point five for howard
maybe one oh two point seven some easily listening love music so you could focus on your wife and
your family and the grandkids instead of listening and always calling the radio station he's
becoming howard the caller like howard from boca howard from boca it's like you know it's okay
so anyway he's he's listening so just wanted to get the message out and don't call my show too
just for a record don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you and I don't want to hear
you on the private line congratulations you know the private line number that's great but don't call
because you're not coming on this show you got you've got your three hours five to eight
Monday through Friday you can talk all you want but you're not coming on this show and we'll leave
it at that all right I got nothing against you you seem like a decent person no and I know you've
been getting a taken a big hit on the radio station from everybody else but it's over me and you
done you asshole okay one thirteen Joe tell you more about that from two to four this afternoon
Gildi is going to be doing a hankshow because hanks on vacation in Vegas Gildi at Shulis four to seven
and that's the big seven to ten eddy k ten to two and Joe and Mark overnight two to five
a nice pristine schedule all a little erratic little out of the ordinary erotic little erotic if
you want to see the best horse race cymbal casting here's the place to go pompadopark head over to
pompadopark racetrack tonight pompadopark is open every day seven days and nights a week featuring
the best and harness thoroughbred racing and highlight action from all across north america for
you to watch and plunge your guts on and general parking and admission at pompadopark is always a
free fr e free set again Friday and Saturdays the fourth floor players lounges open featuring a
special full course dinner package for just five ninety five and you are plenty of free seating
in hundreds of TVs to view your favorite track or you can get private to box seat with your own
TV monitor for just two and a half bucks it's all done in a smoke free environment too damn it
come up this weekend at the middlelands race track will be the four hundred thousand dollar finals
for the Stanley Dancer trot and the Delvin Miller trot Friday and the hundred the million dollars
excuse me the big million dollar middlelands pace final takes place this Saturday night from the
middlelands and of course you can see the pompadopark and plunge your guts on it as well by the way
speak of that Brian series I've seen him win a lot of races at the middlelands he's doing great
nice going Brian we love you the best sweetheart pompadopark a block south of Atlanta pull of heart
on power line road for the daily signing a simulcasting race schedule call nine five four nine seven two
two thousand or go on web at pompadopark.com don't forget pompadopark with simulcasting every day seven
days and nights a week
oh
oh
don't I told you don't bother me while I'm in here
I sir hello it's Mickey Mouse oh mr. Mouse good morning how are you
what the hell are you don't want to be nothing sir you're freaking telling me
no no I got David Kelly call me every three minutes why did we move the process sir you
you told me to move the bright I didn't tell you when you left the mess on your sub me no sir you
said move the practice to Monday hey hey listen but wipe on the boss I make the decisions you take
the heat right you move the practice okay how we doing with it anyway hold on
all right
the hell
I'm on the phone
yes sir what was your question I'm telling you I'm going crazy over here between David Kelly
and I'm like oh Jackson call me every three minutes I'm gonna go out of my freaking mind
hold on
yeah here you go stop it
I'm gonna stop stop stop the floor
read this
it's it's like this in my hand
read this that's your penis balls my other hand
read this oh that's a phone ball right I can't hear anything
read this stop sawing the floor sorry I said sir sir the moves are working out very well the practice is
more than it's time for and it's time for Christ are we even beating the WB barely oh my god
Michael Jackson thing was a rating success
of course hold on a second
read this
what the hell you're doing with a harmonica reading
don't play it read this I'll jam that thing down your throat
and give that move right away from me
oh come on broo broo
I'm allergic
I sir sir over 25 million people so
shut up Eisner listen yeah you see me what I'm doing here
uh uh uh sir you're on the phone
I know I'm on the phone do you see what I'm doing
uh uh you're imagination for crying out loud
uh uh I'm moving my hands up and down slide to slide I'm the puppet master
I said you do it now Fox is gonna air all the stuff that you cut out of the Michael Jackson interview
but but sir you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him look like
yeah that's that that's that's that's that's that's cheers
wah
Kellie
but yes
listen playing it
 FOR
their
audience
Get out! Get out!
Icer?
Yes, sir.
Killin' me.
Killin' me.
I'm sorry, sir.
Killin' me.
Sorry.
Killin' me softly.
That is my favorite Mickey and Eisner.
It's on there.
It's on the best of it.
That's your penis boss.
Anyway, here's a fact from Jerry and Vanita Springs who says you're really taxing
your listeners minds today with his pool.
Oh, by the way, before we'd be serious facts, here's two more great ones.
How could we have forgotten her rather were Vera and Mike Tyson?
Absolutely correct.
Oh, my God.
Two cents.
Well, that's why I knew that we'd have developed a big one before the end of the show on
a list, too.
Mike Tyson.
It says you have some great names on list.
The problem is, the biggest asshole in America is the last right-wing lunatic I saw
on a talking TV head show.
When I see Ken Adelman or Ann Coulter makes my skin crawl, what about Ann Coulter?
Yeah.
We don't have too many females on air if we can put her in that category loosely.
Let's get Ann Coulter that bitch on air.
It says I become ill just watching a tape of Carl Rove walking to his car.
The pool could have been built over a two-day period and the list was going to voted
for their top 10 assholes.
Anyway, since I guess I vote for Ash Crossell, although I'll change my mind after Crossfire
and Hardball around the night.
I wonder if today's the day that's the, what's his name?
Mother Tucker Carlson is going to eat his shoe because Ken were you sold over made in
books?
Yeah.
I tell you, I'd rather, I would actually tune in if he would eat something that also
starts with S.H.
But not a shoe.
Yeah.
Here's a fact that says about a year ago I was coming home from night classes heard Phil
Henry talking about how he can't continue his format anymore.
He couldn't keep the interest in the audience how he was losing interest.
Oh.
He was going to go back more into what he called topic radio with humorous input.
So maybe he heard your comments about not being able to keep up his stick.
Nevertheless, he never came through with his announcement.
Maybe his right wing views are his way of going to topic radio who the F knows.
Thank you very much.
Little spy report there.
Really sad because Phil is one of those people that had a good following in the market.
A lot of people would like to like him.
You know what I mean?
He's one of those people you would like to like.
But lately he makes it pretty hard.
Pretty hard if you kids might drift.
How's that NBC TV show coming?
Oh, we'll see that no more.
Are you five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless lines.
George W of course running away 116 votes.
Rush Limbaugh 50.
Mo Howard David it is right there on Russia's ass.
Maybe he figures pay back as a bitch.
Mo has got 46 but Jesse Jackson's on Moses.
41.
And then it's way done.
It those are the big four John S croft 19.
Rumsfeld 14 sharp than 14.
Phil Henry seven.
I go on Phil.
OK.
Wayne Hi Penga 4.
OJ Simpson 4 newt Gingrich 4 pair Roberts and 4 and long list.
How's Miss Fudge doing?
She's probably only got a couple.
How many think?
One.
Huh?
Couple of what?
Breasts.
Here's a call from Halea.
Hello.
Halea.
Going.
Now, why do we know that?
Why do we know that Halea was always going to be there?
It's like line 9's in Dremel over.
Are there any normal people in Halea?
No, I don't think so.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60.
We're following here folks.
The list certainly is going to grow.
I know that.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how are you doing today?
Pretty good, sir.
I got a couple of you might have left off the list.
I'm okay.
Who is it?
Swirlery.
Chuck Swirlery.
No, no, no.
Swirlery Clinton.
OK, excuse me.
OK, sorry.
Dead man in the chair.
Don I miss?
OK.
OK.
And the thing with Phil, he's been doing this ever since the war started.
He just switched his format in midstream.
And now he's doing this every single night.
He's doing it over.
He's doing it over and over again.
He's ripping everybody up.
But and he's going trying to do his funny voices again.
Sounds to me like a better frustrated guy who's coming to the end of a good run.
But the he's stick is over.
Well, it's he'll never be the way he was down here in the days.
When you and him were on IOD, man, it was a great thing going.
OK, thanks, pal.
All right, I'll go when you two.
That's kind of sad.
And I was just thinking that you read my mind.
And that's what makes me.
duh,
duh,
duh,
duh,
duh,
duh,
duh,
I mean, you know, OK, so he's having problems.
And I listen, if anybody knows how difficult it is to maintain a talk show that I've been doing for a bunch of years in his town.
I'm 30, man.
I mean, I know.
So I don't knock him for that, but it isn't exactly what I said that his act is a very hard one to maintain and keep me in funny with it every day and come up with new characters and new voices and pulling the will over a big chunk of the audience's eyes.
Right.
That's what I said.
What's the wrong to you?
What's the round of the act?
I mean, it kind of loses in the translation, you know?
What's they've heard Margaret or a Bob Green with the 85 different voice?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
0, 5, 60 on a AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a call from beautiful Bokeh.
Hello.
Octo Neo.
Yes, sir.
I love you.
You are the farthest, the most talented Bill is a talent after many doesn't have his stick down as he had it.
But you got him.
He's still.
He is.
He's a unique talent.
I would never I've always said that.
Now you should be syndicated all over the country.
Why are you not?
My agent is a schmuck.
He's a wannabe.
He's a wannabe baseball player.
He's a wannabe, whatever the hell he is.
He just puts my agent.
So that's why I'm going to vote in for George W.
Okay.
He's just a moron.
He's running hands down your pants.
He's running away from the field when he doesn't have something to read in front of him.
He just absolutely loses it.
And he just repeats himself.
Just keep in mind he's the face man.
He if anybody believes he's running the country man, they're in a dream world.
He's the right wing.
Have a great day pal.
He's the face man for a bunch of evil doers.
Okay.
And people may think I'm joking, but that was the game plan when George Herbert Walker,
a Bush 41, whatever you want to call him.
I'm sure a lot of people have interesting awards for Bush one.
He's an asshole.
Okay.
But that was the idea.
He's going to get his two terms.
Then W is going to get in there for two terms and Jeb's going to have two terms.
And then George P young George P by that time he's ready for two more terms.
It was going to be Bush country.
United States of Bush.
Which most of you guys out there, I don't think that's the necessarily the Bush you had in mind.
I won't be in those.
In fact, there's two others that probably are standing in front of one being in a can.
And the other one will be newer can.
127 at 560 WQM.
If you're on the Atkins or any other low carb sugar free diet, then you need to know that there's a great store that's dedicated just to you.
And that's the lights of West Boka.
They've got more stuff there than you've ever seen in your life.
In fact, they've got over 900 low carb sugar for your products and stock and new ones coming in like almost every moment.
Be sure and check out their new low carb instant cup of soup.
What you do is add water, pop it in the old microwave.
It's a low carb meal and a cup for delicious flavors.
Try to simply delicious low carb muffins for a quick breakfast or your own individual size cheesecake.
Some of the new things that have come into last few weeks, almond snack cakes and six delicious flavors.
The at last brand chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars with no malt at all.
You'll be seeing it last, because you'll have something delicious and tasty and you won't be spending half the day on the pot.
Carburet, ready to drink chocolate.
If an illusher, it's a low carb meal in the can.
And Judy's low carb peanut brittle.
It's got unbeatably great taste and the label.
And also they got the low carb hot cocoa apple cider, blindies and brownies and the lights incredible selection of low carb pasta, sauces, dressings, chip chocolates.
And the world famous carbolite ice cream too.
You can try anything of the store before you buy it and they're all delicious.
And all the Atkins brand products are on sale all day every day.
There's staff knows biting inside and out.
So I'll give it a try.
They're open every day, 10 to 10 and you'll find the lights on the northeast corner of Glades and 441 extra Boston Market in Bokka.
Right down to Hershey Highway from where Molyves column tool free at 1 877 low carb or shop them on the web at lowcarb.com.
The lights of West Bokka, your official Atkins retail center.
Absolutely.
My, local, here's sports video five cities, you and you.
A.M.
Writing around with your windows down.
dial us up on the show right now.
We've got a vacancy in the hotel.
We'll talk about men till your penis swells.
How fast they run and how good they look.
Pass along tips for your book.
Hello, sportsmen.
Let's talk about Mickey.
Well, over and over then.
And Elvis, your back.
As my horse, the tired tired.
Do I start sounding like son adults talking about Henry men and loving it and some side issues like where are all the writer trucks?
Remember those housey on day with a writer for the smell of musty govers blanket that blended so well with theiness sandwich.
Cruisin along in the afternoon.
Talking about ignorance for whole goes.
A juxtaphing old dangle their balls like a bell.
And about how good their juxtap smells.
And much talk about women except to say.
He's got a nice patch of real estate.
Hey man, dog, how you doing?
Hey, you, king.
Sticky boom.
What do you believe?
Like a thing don't getty from doing this?
I, I have other lines.
My old friend, the frog.
A frog.
A frog.
A frog.
A frog.
Sorry about that.
I meant sick free.
That's bad.
Be the fuck smart too.
Well, the person be always drink all around full tricks.
Uh, they're not fooling anybody call it.
I don't think that's kind of aggravation.
I make plenty of money.
Don't even need the good.
So blow it up your ass, my friend.
Because I can sit here in the lex and wear my charm.
It takes a real man to do a radio show and wear a tie.
Absolutely.
132 at 560.
Mad Dog not here today.
In fact, he's got the rest of the week off.
He's got a test schedule too.
Uh-huh.
Just like all the rest of us.
Anyway, here's a bizarre facts.
Joe Rose will be on and he'll be ripping Moe and asked.
Have you understand this facts at all?
The long one that you sent me with the aligned out of the left side of it?
Oh, let me dig it out.
Or maybe you didn't read it.
Okay.
Well, let's see.
Bruce, first of all, here's a shorter one.
Says, hey guys, love the show and line up.
No changes.
I was wondering if you can play a bit the golf game.
I'd like to find out how I can get a copy.
How many times have I been asked for that?
I had something that you play, I guess.
No, you remember that the bird used to play that thing.
And you thought it was corny as Helen would never play it.
Right.
Read with you and I never will.
That's it.
Sorry, Bruce.
We love you.
But we don't have that.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
When I was faced with an accident I became very adventurous?
When I was faced receiving a lot of punches and they hit me once.
When I was facing him.
And I started in a withdrawal position on the war at the
carbon vandalized by pro-war assholes because Canada was against the invasion,
Phil basically defended the vandal saying there was nothing anybody could do about it
because vandalism just happens and Canadians have a lot of nerve criticizing the
west in the first place because if it weren't for us they'd be speaking German
Russian blah blah blah. He's just an opportunistic jerk
a quizzling with no integrity. And then it goes on says maybe somebody will
vandalize Phil's property because after all it just happens that he deserves it anyway.
Woo! Oh look at this we missed it yesterday with the big
uh... Schmidt eating on the crossfire. Mother Tucker Carlson ate the
shoe on yesterday's crossfire Hillary Clinton brought out a large
workshoe made out of cake. Carlson had no idea was going to take place.
She also gave an autograph copy of her book and read
to Tucker you're one in a million. Oh thank you Jeremy. He just brings him
believe me we appreciate your second facts. But he liked that.
So Swillery really put him in his place nice going Swillery even though I
can't stand it bitch. I can stand him less you know what I'm saying?
Right. I had to choose between Mother Tucker Carlson and his stupid
bow tie and his the right way mentality and Hillary come on Hillary
all is forgiven Swillery. So we missed that. Damn it.
Gosh dang. Here's a call from Kendall hello.
Down on Uncle Neil. Yes sir how you doing?
Hi did you happen to catch uh uh
Ann Coulter's new thing in in Time Magazine the most recent time.
I wouldn't look at an Ann Coulter article of picture anything having to do with
her I wouldn't even smell it. I had never heard of it except from the
bits on your show I wasn't real familiar with it but
she didn't look all that bad I was wondering if it's a bitch.
Oh you've got to be kidding me. I'm a little dirty though I guess.
She weighs about 42 pounds so can wet that bitch.
If you look up skanky in the dictionary her picture's next to it.
I was wondering you know as bitch you've got about her
from blinded by the right and stuff I wonder if
is there something to that did that author happen to catch her doing something dirty
at a party I'd like to fantasize about that.
Well you keep working on all day pal okay keep
us stroking it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5
Squirt Squirt. That didn't take long.
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I guess not if that if that's what this guy's got to fantasize about his
Ann Coulter good luck to it huh you know what they say
every real bird gets their worm.
American beauty if you missed the beginning of the show
trust me what I tell you it is a movie if you haven't seen it and
but I hate to break that factor the news some of us haven't seen it yet
till I watch it last night it is outstanding
it is excellent they five Academy Awards night you know I'm so stupid right
on the cover it's his 1999 but I was looking on the back
because I have more information who cares five Academy Awards 1999
including best pitcher Kevin Spacey and Ed Benning
Peter Gallagher right me the Peter Gallagher
the Peter Gallagher was the one which only came the real estate came with the
yeah with the Thick Eyebrows.
Allison Janney Thoroughb Bitch a birch she was the
daughter who was made up to be very homely but actually she's kind of cute she's
hot she had on the punk lipstick
West Bentley oh West hey West I'll buy some of that
no not the pot mean as Suvari that was the oblong kid the Martian
and John John said even though that the Kevin Spacey had the hot for her and of
course that was part of the centerpiece of the last half of the movie
which is obsession with her and uh whatever yeah
you can't say anything no don't die because if you say something then you're
like giving a part of the movie you wait until you don't want to do surprises
all the way through but at any rate she's a skank and I could see that
you will see her boobies in there that's something to look forward to
this last guy that just called forget about uh and uh colder that bitch
and go out and rent uh american beauty rose-flect nips
yes I mean first you see the rose petals and then later on if you wait long
enough do you see the rose buds there and a nasty body beneath those two
large melons band oh she looked like she had that Auschwitz special body he
really oh brother you know what I'm saying yeah I know I don't like her
I'm not terrible look like her chest was like concave or something
but at any rate to reach its own here's Miami Beach hello
Leo yes sir uh love your show thank you uh I want to catch on a couple things uh
yeah yesterday we should see talk across the face when uh
when uh he turned red he had his head bent down he he looked like a
schoolboy when you know had a major crush on her
outstanding I wish I'd have seen that yeah it was a surprise I didn't tell him
that she was gonna be out there she cannot do with his big monster shoe uh
I would have had time to see it but I was too busy helping a search party here
looking for Catherine Harris's body all right uh and call her I hate that
bitch I understand her she was on crossbar a few weeks ago trying to put across
that the guy in the 50s um McCarthy oh yeah I read about that you
still trying to defend Hill McCarthy I read about that on the internet just yesterday
as a matter of fact how disgusting is that yeah the liberals that made him out to
be a he's right understood right yeah well maybe maybe she liked him a lot because he was a
closet queen maybe that's the reason that the you know always she never made a maybe that's what
she likes all right she comes across as a major guy to me yeah uh one boy you're talking
maybe that's why she and Miss Fudger so tight that could be uh you know the couple weeks ago
when you're doing show about that Ben Jeanine when you had all this contact right right uh if you
think you know for me I I'd briar ice cream and I'll approach incredible I can sit there
need a half a gallon and I start there and ate a whole half a gallon but if you just eat
right the rest of the day you know he turned and chicken and got that that that you don't feel so guilty
when you're sitting there eating a half a gallon right no no that's true you're right the
why you got the one you're hoping you're hoping you're diabetic it sends your blood sugar up to like
380 400 and that's so that's not good news that's bad stuff that's true and one more thing is a
couple you're also talking to someone to go about the proper thing on XP right and I don't know
if you guys ever got around if you did I must be blind and missed it uh that's on your website if you
can get the phone number how to be in your boy was going to put that on there and never got
around to doing that being her boy oh I have put it up but I got some information that I had it
wrong so I will put it up again corrected I'm here you go I knew December 31st 2005 the radio
okay I have a great day pal oh 2005 and this is 2003 huh 2005 what time is it now no
seriously is that what it says on here is that one my contract ends I don't know oh wait a minute
I thought it was 2006 I thought I had maybe I've only got two and a half years to go is that correct
I don't know oh I might have a party in my pants this afternoon if that's true well you know
how it says on our website where do we get the countdown but that's been wrong a few times no
whatever it says on there that's what I'm going with all right we can adjust that uh wait a minute
where the hell is that thing is it above the cartoons cartoon it's it's second to last thing
along with the bottom all the way in the bottom all the way to the bottom the countdown oh geez be
me beneath the bedtime stories yep holy crap all right because we got how many bedtime stories we got
today man man I'm scrolling and scrolling and scrolling and scrolling are you sure is in
above this natural liberty I think you're wrong you're gonna be disappointed what do you mean by that
you got three years five months according to this oh no I don't I don't oh yeah three years
five months 21 hour ago like I gave me call that guy back okay get a hit on him give me a false
sense of security ever listen I'll be here until I feel like saying goodbye don't say
see ya bye we haven't heard from him today retire come on call and give me some encouragement sir
wouldn't take much 142 at 560 WQM if you haven't called data map is near desperately in need of
a good map is to lay your ass on here's the answer for you that one simple call 1 800 MATT RES
if you want the best brands in the universe at discount prices every day without the hassles
are schlepping all over town into summer heat into those bella showrooms then I urge you to do what
I've been doing for a long time just make that one simple call 1 800 MATT RES the people of
dial amatris have got delivery down to a science you get to choose the date and time to fit your
schedule you get a two hour window any day of the week you want so you're not sitting home all day
wasting a day of your life and dial amatris delivers on evenings weekends holidays whenever it's
most convenient for you maybe you're thinking about one of those Swedish foam actresses that you see
in the special these doors well here's some good news for a dial amatris carries temper pete and they
also carry all the big names in the uh... business they got service Simmons King Quarrel and
Seely at low everyday discount prices it's like having the biggest macrass during a country just a
simple phone call away recently the lovely but very confused Miguel called 1 800 MATT RES and guess
what they showed up on time they took away that smelly nasty old betting was scandalous they set
up a brand new one they did all the things he was hoping for and lots more to so don't wait another
minute pick up that phone right now and get yourself a great night sleep for months and years to come
call 1 800 MATT RES for dial amatris the easy the smart way to get you a great night sleep and don't
forget you can check them on the web too at macrass.com
you can unwrap all the slime all the time
every other thing
meat
meat for the hot roar
you can't eat that art you'll get man
out of the air
I eat like a man
meat makes you grow up bigger strong like Neil
even more than what's that you got
I got this daddy
what's this I can dunk it without jumping
you eat like a pussy like a girl like a spoiled
hi hi I'm being a boy I like food well
I like this
oh you see the touch
I can't help but he held around
plate
hmm
and if you could just
I'm sorry you want to pay
you're like a fly I want to swat away
get out of here
oh man I'm gonna slap
yeah try one at a
that's it
it's too ugly
don't
don't
don't
don't
yeah
I see when you don't get laid that's gonna happen to
the clearance too
yeah you talk about women all the time
I only talked about men
I don't know what to do anymore
I don't know what to do anymore
so I have to grab this
grab it
maybe I can get a digs in the bulk of ryan songs
tell me
tell me
you're standing
yeah
yeah me too
148 and 560
WQM to great the highly respected Joe Rose
coming up for the mad dog 2 to 4 this afternoon
don't think if jeldy speak of the devil he'll be on 4 to 7 for rank from shulas
here's a fact says my meanest of ryan looks like a guy then alien
there's nothing sexy about it
I love American duty but couldn't figure out why he fantasized over the ugly bitch
well you gotta admit when she was like doing a cheerleading thing with a pom-poms
and from a distance she looked pretty hot from a distance yeah
right also just as an FYI
which I did not know but I'm sure George did
nope
American beauties the name of a variety of rose
well we got Joe Rose how about an American easy American beauty
he's a variety of rose
he's a variety of rose it's that's where the rose petals come from so in all those scenes where you see all the rose petals
like what she's in the bathtub and there's 8 million
that's what that is American beauty is a rose
god damn is this an educational show or what
Chris and the growth says
Paul suggestion Dennis Miller for our biggest asshole good choice
hey Chris especially now that he's a conservative
fascist could have a more obnoxious asshole
not much not much chance and then a smell or get him on here
got him be a boy
yeah
what time you're going to be in the work tomorrow be a boy
I'm seriously so I'm not leaving
good stay there
yeah we're gonna have a bodyguard to make sure that you don't leave the building
because George needs you badly and he's been whimpering and whining just frantically
about the fact that you're like showing up two minutes and especially days when I'm out there
like you know because I'm the only ally you've got
who's up to George you'd be back under that overpass right now just keep that in mind
not a warning just a friendly message
if you leave it up to your friend George there
but I'm big
anyway
two big problems for a field this is rich factors facts
the factor facts
in fact maybe he could replace Bill already we could have the factor factor
he says two big problems for a field number one the element of surprise is
important for comedy and after a while
two cents from the factor factor get your hand we're gonna get a new up
uh... vertical is the pens the Phil tips which one
any sharpie get a new sharpie okay rich you can afford it maybe a
paul of a junior bio one no could you read that thing my guide go blind trying to read that writing come on rich you can do better than that
but a good point so which one on american is the biggest ass hole of the mall that's our pull question today
we had an earlier pull about who's most the photographic and discussing i've seen in vulgar me or for real
that was the he inspired me to take the poll
beat me up more than two to one not even close
do we have like over five hundred votes on that thing something like that
the biggest ass hole in all George W. Bush 139
Rush Limbaugh 53
Mohawar David at 50 Jesse Jackson 46
Jesse still write on Moes Ass
John Asscroft 20
Al Sharpton 18 Donald Rumswell 15
OJ 9 Phil Henry 8
Phil's right on OJs ass
Wayne Hypinga 6 Newt Gingrich 5
Pet Robertson 4
Anthony Scalia 3 and it's uh... single digits down from there long way to go
nine minutes till two boys excited have a Joe Rose on today you know
I might actually pop in here uh... for a little while during the afternoon
I usually don't you know because you gotta go to lunch things like that
find a life but it might be kind of interesting listening to Joe Rose talking about
Howard from Boka
152 at 560 WQM or a family don't ever forget it folks were a big
dysfunctional family and that's where we like it
if you're in a dead end job you can afford to feed yourself much less a family
maybe colleges to expensive and takes those long four years you don't have time to wait for that to get a life
if you can afford just ten bucks a month to commit yourself to three nights a week for four months
our friends at fast-ranking up you get to a new high-paying computer career
keep those eight words in mind computer chips
that's right ten bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify
so call fast train toll free
one eight six six fast train time at the anxious Todd Dreck
with four locations all over town is about to be one year by you now they're in four
lottery paper pies Kindle and Miami
and fast train offers day eating and weekend schedules job placement
hands-on training call fast train today could change your life this one easy call
one eight six six fast train fast train deferred payment is valid for a year regular payment supply thereafter
whether you're a high school student on summer break somebody in a really bad nasty underpaid
did end job or just looking to increase your net worth this is the way to go call fast train toll free one eight six six fast train
or check them on that wicked web if you like at fast train dot com
my and local this is four three oh five sixty
way and way and way and
but I smell it
and
welcome back to the highly rated oh how are the David
and the show putting to my old
obligation okay stupid where were we with the
and oh wrong you were doing that to me
oh yeah sorry mo
that's better
all wrong day
and see you could treat it
okay
now you
you
or one day gets me
not on my watch you
or on day and can I spit it out
can't understand the goddamn thing you're saying what are you doing
I'm playing with my favorite cookers all the time
oh that's quite understandable why I sometimes
yeah
yeah
you
got me told
almost there say or on day
or on day
or on day
faster or on day
or on day
or on day
or on day
or on day
or
you
or
or
most jealous of, let me do it right, yeah, who is most jealous of and or obsessed with
near Rogers? Excellent idea.
Not a good pull. Thanks, Todd. Sudge is the one who inspired me for that. Now here's the
list I got so far, okay? Okay. Phil Henry, Mohawar Davidd, Joy Reynolds, Miss Drudge,
yeah. And then a good list to get started with.
Steve Kane. Oh, Steve Kane, oh, excellent. And then we'll just leave it at that because
some other people can fill some in next Tuesday.
For that, do you have any idea what a tremendous weight well I'm sure you do because you had
to do this? Three days a week now you've got to be dude doing it. But coming up with a
pull for like that far ahead. Right. Oh my God, it's like taking a gigantic weight. And
then I got the one for Thursday about which your performer TV or movies will you absolutely
go see? No, you see what I'm saying? Right. That one. Yeah, I'm liking it a lot.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T line. Here's a call from Daniel. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Oh, I didn't notice me. I saw a clip on the channel 7 news at noon about that Hillary
Clinton walking out with that shoe for that guy. And as she put it down on the table in front
of him, she said, I want you to know I made it had it made specially for you. It's a
right wing tip. Oh, I wish I had a scene there. Yeah, well, you may catch it on a news
clip or something. Right. They may show it. And that guy that thought that Ann Colter is
hot looking forward. That guy needs some Coke bottles for glasses or something. Yeah, this
guy. I got it. I got the name of a really great ophthalmologist and time. I saw her on
a panel show and her legs are so skinny. I was hoping she wouldn't cross them because
he might break off or something. Yeah, he looks like about 40 pounds of crap on two toothpicks.
Yeah. So one more thing, Neil. Don't retire. Okay. Okay. Not at least for three years
and five months or whatever. I'm not so croak first. Moe is pulling for that. He's hoping
for me to croak. That would, you know, how bad that is, how evil that would be like my
coming on here here in Standard like I would dance on Moe's grave. You know, yeah. It
would be bad. Would I do that? And not only would I do it, I can't wait. Let's have a contest
to see who's going to die first. I think you're in one, aren't you? Oh, you want to be
your nut? Of course, when he gets to be like Moe in about 90s, got a real head start. Bye,
bye, bye.
I'm trying to see if I'm going to be QA. I'm planning for my day off.
Sports.
