I saw no.
This is South Florida's only real story.
Is there anybody out there?
It's going to be for a lot of day.
A reason for uncast group station.
No.
www.2am.com
Where are you?
Yo yo, let's break 4.
3.
Yo big shot.
That's how we pass the time away.
I did the gay old jailer arms.
John Pairn, a taxi cab, a set driver, several parks.
He looked at me so quesically.
I could tell she was in a dark.
So I acted out my puncture in, and with my arms the trees I made.
There's no bug that speaks English anymore.
www.2am.com
I reached where the weather business had sunny.
I walked into a liquor store, but I got their talks real funny.
I asked them for a pint of Belgium Beemys' 90-end of what doesn't mean.
The butter's English and I'm all.
That cornered Delhi.
Hell I think I'm in Pakistan, speak English, melee.
You can go back to the war.
I came here many years ago to learn my ABC.
I don't say much is grossiest.
I said pretty pretty much.
So get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now.
Stop making me sick.
You know what I'm talking about?
Speak English.
That was a bug.
Alright, now to a 560 WQM.
But that's your fits in here, don't it?
It sure does, just like a rubber glove.
Where do we start today?
We got so many things on the plate.
We got a full plate.
I'm thinking by the way since it's Wednesday,
and we do that thing on Wednesday noon to one.
We're thinking very seriously of doing it 9-10.
Instead.
Why is that funny?
You think that's funny huh?
Yeah, I got something funny for you mister.
What the hell is funny about that?
Don't you think that's a great idea?
A spectacularity.
It's not a fact why instead of...
First of all, I don't want to sound like Saur Grape.
Because remember when in a book,
although we're following a dead hour,
I mean when you got a 2-1 in your MOBA,
that's about as close to dead air as you possibly can have.
That's even lower than a 2-2.
It's a matter of fact, what percentage is MOBA in our pool
that we took overnight?
With a phenomenal, a lot of phony votes,
but nevertheless a record-breaking number of votes,
he's got a 2-1.
2.1% last place.
But it will get to that.
But since we've had this fantastic Beasley promotion
about moving from 10-2 to 2 back to 9-1 this last year,
and the 9-10 hours is just a killer.
Because everybody else has already got the MO...
Mentum. We just got MOA when they got the momentum.
That's the problem.
When you like to swap and rather have the...
In fact, we'll all take it while Mikey had trade,
like in sports. You know, it's a sports station.
We'll make a little baseball deal.
We'll swap you MOA in exchange for some MOA-mentum.
And by the way, that doesn't mean podcast-renova PD Lemmy and Fat Boy.
It doesn't mean cast-renova.
You ought to see the way that they're in here this morning
putting on a full-core press.
He must have naked pictures of them doing it.
You know what?
Must have.
Maybe they figured they could sell that better.
Oh my god. He must have naked pictures of PD Lemmy mounting Fat Boy.
Leaning over on his walker.
Can't you just smell that right now?
I'm trying to protect my head.
Thanks for that.
We took that poll here a few months ago on the show.
Who would you most prefer to hear it in the morning?
We asked about MOA and DFO and Bob and Tom and Rick and Suss.
And we put cast-renova on there.
And it came in not just last, but so far.
Last week, the Mount Palamart telescope defined his name on there.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Does he fit in on this radio station?
Is there anything he brings to the table?
Is he recycled all material?
No.
I'd rather follow MOA any day than that.
And PD Lemmy again, who called me not once, but twice in Toronto Pimping for cast-renova.
Oh yeah. Poli called me.
What do you think? What do you think?
What do you think?
If these guys spend as much time outselling as they do yentering in the marketplace,
with every other station in town,
all their sales department buddies, their general manager buddies,
they're on the air buddies.
Yentus.
Is there a bigger yenter in the world than PD Lemmy?
I don't think so.
Professional yenter.
Would leather-puss.
Gets me the wrong food for lunch yesterday.
By the way, thanks again to Flores.
It was delicious, but not even the same family with what I ordered.
I ordered chicken parmesan, and I get a big thing of spaghetti with mushrooms.
I mean, it's similar, I guess, isn't it?
Isn't it fairly similar?
It's a Italian-ish.
But it was very good, though.
We thank them very much.
Our good friends at Flores are on 79th and the skin is a little free plug for you, thanks.
See, in the food pushers, here comes Fat Boy waddling in here this morning.
Not on his walker. He wants brownie points for that.
He waddles in on his cane.
Oh, let's hear it!
Not on his walker, not even his wheelchair. He's on his cane.
He's making big improvement.
And as he's asking me, how come he didn't ask Trice Threadford to his face when he was sitting here?
About where his food is for balance for life.
Maybe he's a scared attrulling.
I see, and probably with good reason.
Troll kick his ass.
Troll legs going after handicraft people.
But at any rate.
And as he's asking me about, did you talk to Troll yet about my food?
Do you want to go to my food?
And he's got 16 bags of food there from another one of our sponsors, Bagel Chai.
It was very nice of our friends at Bagel Chai to feed the morning crew in there this morning.
Good thing they didn't tell Mo that it was one of our sponsors.
He probably wouldn't touch the food, you know what?
You don't think it might have been a little tainted, do you?
Three.
Like that cupcake the other day.
It wasn't for him.
He's not touching it.
So anyway, we got a little problem here that's 9-10 business because it's just a killer.
And yesterday I asked about that, we only had one call about that because they were all foaming at the mouth about
still with places that are out of business.
I'm going to tell you folks, if you keep it up, we're going to be on that list.
I remember QAM, boy, I was a lot of fun QAM.
But, you know, nothing lasts forever.
We're going to be out of business.
If this keeps up, if somebody here don't take the bull by the horns.
Has anybody seen Muffie at this morning?
Nope.
Clarence?
Nope.
Anybody other than our saleswoman, or what are we, they must have something special going on.
Maybe they're having a meeting about those numbers.
I got the hour by hour the whole breakdown now.
Boy, you talk about having a breakdown.
I hope I don't get any more hysterical calls at home about these.
Because look at that morning show.
Men 25-50 for our target demographic in the fall rating book, which is October, November, December, 2002.
The Dolphin book, the fall book.
They're at six of Clarence.
By the way, overnight the Dirty Boys and Joe Costello, Evan Alley, they diddled with our pool.
Maybe we'll get a spy report on that.
Because we got 50 million extra votes on the pool, like overnight, and Joe and Mark got most of them.
So they obviously work campaigning to get the people to put phony votes on there for them.
Although I will say, Dufflin's these penis talks shows got 150 votes, which is number five.
Not too bad. It's considering hasn't even started yet.
I guess the people that run there diddling with it are looking forward to it, with great anticipation.
So Joe and Mark were diddling with our pool overnight, but they didn't do much.
In men they had like 2.5 to 6am they had a good hour.
So anybody who had listened to this, anybody who had complained about having a week lead in, that was their only hour to talk about.
They had a 5.3 share in it, our that 3,000 average person men in the 5 to 6am hour. So that's a good lead in.
So anybody that would like to blame that on them, I would say shame on you, okay?
Those are balls. Yeah, shame on you.
And then of course at 6 o'clock, here are the three hours from morning show.
At 6 o'clock, a 3.7 o'clock, a 3.1, and at 8 o'clock, we're following a 2.1 share.
I'll grant you December the whole station took a hit, but nevertheless, even if you like goose that up a little bit, it's a pretty weak.
Yeah, well, pretty weak. Those are balls.
Okay, be in denial. This is the man that was going to reinvent sports talk radio.
So all bits from 9 to 10 every morning, is that what you're saying?
Well, let's continue discussing that. I think that's something to think about.
I want to air this out right on a year, get some ideas from the audience, although they won't respond, because they're always got their own agenda.
Oh, you remember Johnny and Mack by the railroad track? Yeah, or yeah, since it goes over obviously swimmingly, the pole building hour, the 9 o'clock, both a pole building hour every morning.
That's a joke. What does that mean? We make a list.
No, like with the sponsors. That's a joke.
I'll be honest with you. That's seeming like cash turnover in the morning. That's a joke too. Obviously.
Seriously, what's wrong with these guys? These are supposed to be peered on a little bit about the business. They're out there selling our livelihood depends on them.
And they're touting cash turnover. I guarantee it. Seriously, I believe beyond a shadow without he's got pictures of PDL and mounting fat boy in a hallway.
I'm positive of it.
And as a result, would you want those being passed around? No way Jose on either end.
So I mean, that must be the reason that he's got them pimped for him in this place, because this morning they went another a last gasp attempt.
In addition to which that's kind of like stab and moan in the back, isn't it? When you're supposed to be out there selling his show and you're in here like pitching me, I'm not getting involved.
I'm here doing 9 to 1, which I'm not too happy about that. We tend to work magnificent and they screw that up.
So Greg screwed up two day parts at the same time. Not just one, he screwed up two on a fit of peak.
Going after DFO and Joe and even little Geldie there, even after little wimpy, whiny Geldie.
Where? Where? What am I going to do? Where?
10 past 9 at 560 WQM for your back isn't feeling good. I'll tell you what you ought to do.
And that's called our good pizons at Dylamatrus. That's right, because they'll make you an offer you can't refuse.
They will deliver right to your door and set up for you a great brand new name brand mattress. And unbeatable everyday low price.
The top brands in the world without you even leaving the house and they'll breathe there like in a flash.
They can even be there the same day you call them at 1-800-MATR-ES. They carry the best like I said.
Seely, sort of, Simmons and King Corlan every size of each style. No bait and swish exactly the mattress you want to be sleeping on is in stock.
Ready for practically immediate delivery. And of course they've got a 99% on time record, which they might be proud of,
which is why they're ranked first along with 100,000 other reasons in overall customer satisfaction.
So if you want to waste a lot of time and money going to your bedding and department stores, be my guest. Help to pay for somebody's gigantic overhead.
But if you want to do it smart, just make that one easy call, talk to some bedding experts who we know they're crap.
And as far as delivery like I said, they'll be there when you want. Any day of the week, any tour window that you pick when you're going to be there when it's convenient for you.
So if the old mattress is headed, you want to get a great night's sleep and feel a lot better every night of your life. Make that easy call right now. They could be there still today.
1-800-MATRUS 1-800-MATRES. Be sure to come at Fatboy. Turn it across.
My, and local. This is Sports Radio 5 City.
You weigh a few, eh?
Finished with the sewer of this place.
You love Shakira's Tom's in it underneath your clothes.
Oh, look at me with your cloth. That's your new endless story.
There's the man I'm drawing.
And now you'll love her new album. Shakira's in other people's heads.
I'm a sister of you.
Oh, I'm boy.
She already made music history by recording her first English language album.
And now she's taking her art form to the next level by re-recording songs that were already hits in English.
Only this time they're in English again.
I'm proud so I love me better.
Shakira's in other people's heads.
Shakira's in other people's heads.
They're the poor boy, they're running high free.
They're the poor boy, they're running high free.
If you really, really like Shakira's CD, laundry service, then you'll really, really, really like her new CD.
Shakira's in other people's heads.
No, we don't have any more in Spanish in these moments.
I love that.
To think that that damn nearly fell through the cracks is shocking, you know what?
That's one of the all-time great bits.
916 at 560 WQM.
So Duff was just, and he's very pleased to see how well his new show,
penis talk is doing, not even on the area.
And it got 150 votes on the pool.
We asked yesterday, other than Neil and George, which QAM personality do you listen to most?
A ride, I do believe Eric can now correct me if I'm wrong, but I think that's a record even though we know that tons of them are bogus and inspired by Joe and Mark and the penis talk.
But we don't care, see, when we look at the total number of votes, we say, wow, look at all the votes we got.
We don't care.
1886 on a weekday pool, no less.
Jim Manditz, 538th, the mad dog.
Oh, right.
Far and away, the winner.
I mean, this doesn't even a contest, 28.5%.
I still want to listen to Neil show, damn it, 355, 18.8%, but when you take away the cracks, it's still about 2526%.
Exclusive audience.
Joe and Mark 214, which is highly suspect at best.
Do you know what I'm saying?
If I put it in 14, isn't that more people in the head average quarter hour?
In fact, wait a minute.
Between, you're going to find this very amusing.
Between 1 and 5 AM, I have it right in front of me.
You see it right here in my hand of the numbers too.
Average persons men, 2554, 300.
So the fact that they got 214 votes.
It's almost unanimous.
I'm here for Joe and Mark.
Hank Goldberg, 188.
See, I don't believe that that's true.
I think the humbers got a lot more of our people listening.
First of all, who would house up at two to six in the morning anyway?
Nobody.
Maybe some of your people, degenerates.
Dufflin Z's penis talk show 150.
How do you like that?
You call that a penis?
Orlando Elzigari had 126 votes.
The Crow, the very popular and very odiferous Crow, had 82.
Joe Rose, who was a late addition, and we apologize to Joe.
He probably would have done better with Logan.
If he was in on the right away, you think?
Or not?
Joe Rose had 78.
Any K and Kaplan 60.
Kim Bocapper 54.
And in last place, which I find shocking, but nevertheless that 2.1.
That number just seems to be, I don't know.
Maybe it's just stuck to him.
Maybe it's under that hair piece.
Instead of what we thought was the 666, maybe there's like a 2-1 under there.
I'm getting pounded.
40 votes.
A 2.1% out of 1893 votes.
Not an overwhelming endorsement for the morning mayor.
So what can I tell you?
Look at that 2.1.
Okay, before we get back into this business about the 9 to 10 hour and about the comedy,
but it's all these other things.
Weston asked, ousted of all the fan seats of parents.
That's going to be our poll today.
Let me give you the poll.
Although, you know, we really ought to leave that up for just a couple of moments to get up to 19.0 votes.
So anything?
1893.
Well then.
We'll leave that poll up there momentarily so we can get up to 1900 votes.
Put it in the record books, Eric.
Oh!
I would say probably like, do you think 10 or 20 are real?
I mean, man, that's just a phenomenal turnout, considering nobody's supposed to be listed.
By the way, Cascio Nova, if we wouldn't have gotten screwed in December, this is not an excuse.
We would have beat him head to head in that 9 to 10 hour.
Now, stop into this.
There are 100,000 white class CFM.
They got three hours of their own leading on there.
If you follow what I'm saying, in other words, they got the moe.
We got moe.
They got the moe, mintem.
And it was like 5, 3 to 4, 7.
And we give you the honest number.
I mean, now, they beat us.
You even know how it's firm beat to crap out of both of us 9 to 10.
And of course, you always will.
But nevertheless, so if we wouldn't have had that bogus December where allegedly,
see it, we still definitely both agreed that it was the ethnic waiting.
A lot of times, you'll see that in the third month of the book.
Because what Arbitron does is when the sample is too small,
in certain demographics, in the third month of the book,
they waited, and they're all of a sudden you get more Hispanics and more blacks and more than,
and therefore, you know, and the Hispanics, by the way, about number this far too,
you're number one.
But that's, that's an old story.
Why do they bring that back up?
Because your Catholic and your reproduce like rabbits.
Look at you, you even have one you didn't want.
And what you didn't want just to show you, because subliminal limbably,
the Pope planted that scene in your mind back when you were young and impressionable
about, you know, going forth and whatever you're doing,
having unwanted babies.
Here's the poll today.
What's your take on Broward election supervisor Miriam Oliphant?
Four choices.
She's totally incompetent and should be fired.
She's doing a good job.
She's the victim of a racist campaign, or who's Miriam Oliphant?
Those are the four choices on our poll today.
I'm sure it won't get as many votes as the one we had yesterday.
Although you never know.
1899.
The next vote, whoever casts the next vote on eorogies.com,
will set history folks.
We'll be the 1900th vote.
In fact, if we left it on there long enough, we could milk it till 2000,
but we don't want to do that.
We can't afford to stop our momentum following that 2.1 share.
Huh?
Well, I bet you noticed the color of his hair.
I walked by and they were having like one of their break little meetings in a control room.
I wanted their commercial breaks.
And Gildey was up against the wind up.
Hey, what am I going to do with it?
Doing that.
And Moll was sitting in the chair with an action look on his push.
And I noticed the color of the chameleon hair piece today was turned like a peice.
Kind of like peice green.
Did you notice that?
It's kind of greenish.
So I'm thinking that maybe he saw that number 2.1.
Wow.
That's a weak hour, you know what?
That's really weak.
What are we going to do about that?
Because he's got two more years to go him and Gildey.
They're not going anywhere.
And we're not going to campaign when we don't play that game on this show.
We don't sneak around behind the scenes trying to get other people can.
You know what I'm saying?
We don't play those games trying to mess with people's livelihoods in their lives.
You know what I mean, George?
I guess we do.
You and I.
Not Carlos yet because he's still small potatoes.
Let's plant the scene in somebody's mind, huh?
How about getting Carlos fired?
What do you say, huh?
I'm getting pounded.
So here's that pool again today.
What's your, hey listen, if you think I'm hooked up into a frenzy, you're right.
Because I'm watching Greg read dismantling this place.
This is picking apart the pieces we've seen that happened before.
And we're watching it again.
And I also see that WRFX Fox Sports is starting to like, I think I'd like ones in twos now.
Where before they had fractions, they're starting to make a little bit of a movie.
And you want to know why?
Number one, I mean we're supposedly got billboards coming up in this place one of these days soon.
Allegedly, we'll believe it when we see it.
Yeah.
No promotion.
They switch around a whole damn times.
They move up, put manage in there.
They put me instead of 10 to 2.9 to 1.
They got mo, they bring in for what reason we don't know.
And nothing.
Do you know what he's had since he's been here?
We had that one little ad the first day in the newspaper.
Remember that?
A little ad.
And the same thing we had a quarter page about NeoRodges 9 to 1.
And that's it.
That's the end of it.
Any year.
See, the people around this place, they're fat and lazy and sassy.
And they think they can just sit back and just what?
Sassy.
Yeah, there's a sassy, lassy.
Underline the ass part.
Anything they can just sit back and work.
Just continue churning it out, churning it out, pumping the money machine.
Meanwhile, power 96, they're giving away $50,000 a minute to try to get people listening to that crap.
And it works.
And they're on every freaking bus.
Yeah, they're on every bus.
They got ads up the ass, they got TV, they got billboards.
Everywhere you go, you got power 96 in your toilet.
Which is where most of their music ought to be.
Oh, sorry, kid.
We like you, but your music sucks.
And a kiss?
I don't know, who the hell knows what that's all about.
The country music kiss.
They got a kiss.
They got a kiss in this book, all right?
They had more nose pickers.
In fact, they must have dropped all the diaries in the trailer parks.
That must have been what was playing something.
What they did is they probably just dropped one of those, what do they call it?
Like one of those blimps like at the hockey games, you know, where they dropped the leaflets.
The little leaflets out.
And they dropped all the diaries in the trailer parks.
Here you go.
Y'all come back now here.
Kiss it.
Kiss it.
Now what bubble always says, kiss it.
We got a good bubble story later if we have time.
Hillary says he needs sex therapy.
Why, he's not doing it right.
That's what he was trying to get.
From that ice pitch.
Oh, and if you want to get your Libra minyama kids, only 1295.
Did you see this website?
This is a great website.
I won't, but I don't want to pay for it.
You might want to, here's the picture right here.
The joebeny.com website.
Maybe they'll even send this one just in exchange for us giving them a plug.
The first ever presidential yarmulka is here.
Use your head to get the word spread.
Or the original campaign kippah today.
And there's a picture of this goofball who started this, this joebeny guy.
And he's wearing the, and it says on there, it's a white embroidered yarmulka.
And it says there's just leader min.
2004.
President makes the four.
You see that's kind of cute.
2004.
President.
But there's only the one style, right?
Oy!
So far.
You can't get any in like gold today.
There might be two.
There might be one milky and one flacia.
I'm not really sure.
Anyway, can we get back to our poll please?
This is very important stuff because westernists pissed off and fired up.
Western city commissioners on Tuesday.
And this of course was simultaneous with the fiery meeting they had in the Broward County commission.
You see any of the clips on that?
No.
And now she wants more money.
Oh yes, she wants three million more.
What?
Western city commissioners on Tuesday said they have no confidence in the county supervisor elections to run the March municipal election.
The commission passed a resolution asking governor Bush the gutless governor jambush to remove very important from office.
Bush has said he will not remove her unless prosecutors find wrongdoing.
Commissioners said they will ask elephant to appear before them February 3rd to discuss the election.
On March 11th, western voters will decide on two city commission seats.
They'll also decide three valid issues including whether the mayor and commissioners should get salary increases.
Commissioners Dan Sturmer 40, a lawyer at Jacobson 73, retired lawyer have seats that expire in March.
The city is offered a higher 15 poll work is to have a lot of the make a long story short.
They want to meet with her and put her feet to the fire.
Which is one of many many reasons since this has turned into another racial issue in this town.
Which everything in America now is a racial issue as opposed to people who get jobs based on merit.
People who continue having jobs based on merit.
Things like that based on their ability to perform.
Everything has to be a racial issue.
So what's your take on Broward election supervisor Mary Elephant is our poll today.
She's totally incompetent and should be fired.
She's doing a good job.
You know, he took the poll off he's right.
We get to 1901. I'm sure we did.
I'm sure.
You know, talk about a little bit too quick on a trigger finger there, Eric.
What is he on a doggy uppers or something?
He must be gotten a batch of the same acid that Dick Feinberg was doing at Pompello Park last week.
When his tell me about how bad the drivers it would be in our.
Who are you kidding? Dick?
She's totally incompetent and should be fired.
She's doing a good job.
She's the victim of a racist campaign or who is Miriam Elephant.
That's what Miguel just said when he came in.
Who the hell is that?
He hasn't got a clue who that is.
Probably because he lives in Dave County.
Now David Leahy in Dave County, he resigned.
He did the right thing because he was incompetent.
And finally after all these years he said, guess what?
I'm a bozo. I can't get it done right.
Bye bye.
You know, of course he's a white guy.
26 after 9 at 560 WQM.
You know something?
What?
It's a good thing I just thought about that because today is Wednesday isn't it?
Yes it is.
And I'm thinking that the Todd Direct who we never see anymore.
I don't think he got me any right copy for Fast Train because that seminar was last night.
Those seminars at Fast Train?
Yes.
And I think I may have Schmidt canned the other copy because of the fact that this new stuff came in, which is now outdated.
This is a man who refuses to serve us what he sells.
I want the people at Fast Train to understand that the guy that's handling your account is the most incompetent bozo that ever came down to Pike.
He, he, and not that he won't do what he just refuses to do it.
Okay, not that he can't.
He just won't.
So, what can I tell you?
So, I guess we'll just improvise, okay?
Or move it.
No, we, what do you mean move it?
We don't have room to move it all the spots we got here.
We can't swap it out.
When it doubts, swap it out. Are you crazy?
You know what they water Nazi would do about that?
Don't mess with my log.
And she don't say mess either.
Don't effort her log.
Okay, so don't look.
You know somebody that's on his thin ice is you are?
And you want to start moving spots around?
You must be nuts.
I pick the bad date of quick sniffing glue.
I guess.
Anyway, the new year in full swing now is the time to act on a new high paying career.
And fast train is the place to get all the training you're looking for.
You'll find them in Miami and Kendall for Lauderdale on Pembert Pines.
And don't forget they had that free seminar last night.
We hope you were there.
Call 1-866-FASTRANE and make 2003 the year that you're in a high-paying computer job.
If you're overworked underpaid or in a really crappy job, go and know where.
Well, here's the answer for it.
It could be the most important decision you ever make to call fast train.
That can have you certified and ready for your dream job in just four short months.
Call them at this toll free number, 1-866-FASTRANE.
They've got convenient day, evening, weekend classes.
And of course, pretty soon you can be a train computer expert just like Carlos.
Look at the big bucks he's making in there because of the fact that he knows his crap inside and out.
Call fast train or check them out on the web at fastrane.com.
And you can be on your way to a brand new high-paying computer career in no time at all.
Fast train, sub-loaders, leaders in computer training who remind you that Todd Dreck, well, he's an asshole.
This is 420560.
You way, you way.
Remind you that Todd Dreck, well, he's an asshole.
This is 420560.
Hang in there, brunt, honey.
It's the most outrageous video ever because it features real girls.
And not just any real girls, but real girls on video going.
Oh, yeah.
Just the way you love them.
Real girls on video going.
All kinds of real girls on video going.
All across America.
Real girls on video going.
It gives real girls.
And each copy of real girls on video going.
It gives a group of loser-drunk guys going.
That's right.
You get real girls on video going.
And loser-drunk guys going.
And hey, act now.
And you'll receive a half price real girls on video going.
That's real girls on video going.
Act the focus tape.
Real girls on video going.
And the trunks loser-guys going.
But like, order now.
And bring all video will throw it.
Real girls on video going.
And.
That's real girls on video going.
Real girls on video going.
And.
Real girls on video going.
And.
And.
And.
And complete with loser-drunk guys going.
Order now.
9.33.5.6.
You're WDQM Happy Wednesday to you.
So we're getting back to this 9 to 10 hour in the noon to 1 hour center.
Maybe every day I think you might have put your thumb on you know.
Jorge.
Yeah.
Might have actually discovered the 9 to 10 just comedy bits every morning.
Which and that's not like a throw away.
I mean, it's not like saying well, like the station is doing Sunday night.
I'm embarrassed for us for that.
That would have been a perfect time today if you do a Duff's News Show penis talk.
And instead of that we got ESPN radio.
That would be a good pull to take some time.
What would you rather hear ESPN radio penis talk or dead air?
Because I don't see an awful lot of difference between the first and latter of those.
But because we're forfeiting the sports audience to the Super Bowl,
which unfortunately we don't have the rights to this year.
So we just 6 p.m. on Sunday we're turning the switch.
And we open up that pod on ESPN radio,
which they'll be talking about the Super Bowl,
but anybody who really cares about it starting Saturday be doing it.
500 hours of pregame festivities and analization and yadi-adi-adi-adi and Warren Saps said this and Warren Saps cut that and whatever else.
You know, aren't you a little bit tired of him already?
Who?
That's Sap.
I mean, he can be mildly amusing and very, very small doses.
But the fact that he weighs 600 pounds,
I look at him and quite frankly don't see an athlete.
Oh, and speaker of that bad news, Marty Havelat heard his elbow the other night and that came against who was it?
It looked like he ain't going to be playing tonight for Ottawa.
So I am trying to pull some strings,
make sure that he sits right behind me if he's going to be in a stands.
What are you laughing about?
I talked to the rimman.
I said in exchange for getting him the free meals at Pizza Lop,
he's got to pull some strings with Steve Dangerfield over there.
And see that Marty Havelat sits right behind me in Sivis,
or he nothing if he wants, right behind the game tonight.
Ottawa Senators and the best team in the league,
and your Florida Panthers tonight at 730 at the Macaroon,
you're going to be there?
What do you mean no?
What does that mean no?
No?
No?
He doesn't have any tickets, he says.
I'll be there. I got tickets and you're not getting them.
Last night on Wolf Blitzkrieg on CNN,
before we get back to this other very important stuff,
which is much more important than almost anything in the world except that we're going to blow the world up.
So they took a poll on Wolf Blitzkrieg.
Now, there are some people, especially the assholes that watch Fox News,
the right wingers out there, who think that everybody else onward is Camie Pinko Liberal.
I hardly consider CNN to be liberal.
If any of the three talking head networks would be considered to be liberal,
it would be MSNBC, because they got Donnie who on there,
and Jerry Nochman, who's just fat, and whatever.
But CNN is about as much down the middle as you can get.
They take the poll and here's exactly what it is.
Whose views are most like yours when it comes to the Iraqi crisis?
President Bush or Senator Ted Kennedy?
I checked it before the show this morning.
There were 7,868 votes.
5,935 said Ted Kennedy.
That's 75%, only 1933 said President Bush 25%.
So it's not just in Britain that the polls are turning really negative toward this whole
salivating of the mouth.
You know, this rerun of the old movie that he's getting tired,
you don't want to see the movie again.
Let's go in there and start kicking ass that stuff.
And the Germans and the French who also are saying,
ah, not so fast, but it's the American people.
And all those thousands and thousands and thousands of demonstrators
that if you watch CSPAN, we saw them out there over the weekend.
But if you watch the network news, you saw them for about a half a second.
All those people are getting a little bit nervous too.
In addition to which the people that really know their crap about terrorism are saying,
oh, all you got to do is start dropping one bomb over there,
and that'll be the instant excuse for crap like unit.
So how many American lives are we willing to sacrifice?
Not just in terms of our troops, but in terms of the kind of horror that we would unleash right here.
That's a question you ought to be asking yourself.
Also, on the news last night here, they were hyperventilating about Palm Beach.
They had the cameras up there and here's this house in Palm Beach.
And I never quite frankly be to heard much more about it, did you?
You see the story?
Nope.
About they were investigating this house and it was terrorist related,
well, here's the story from the Palm Beach Post, of course.
Green Acres.
Oh, this is written by Scott McCabe and Elliott Clydeburg.
How you doing, Elliott?
How come I don't see the Clydeburgs with the hockey games anymore?
Howard?
That's how our Clydeburg are asking not.
FBI agents last night searched the former home of a Saudi family who,
a neighbor said it enrolled an adult son in the nearby flight training school
and it left in a hurry two days before the 9-11 terrorist attacks.
You following that?
Neighbors and state records identified the head of the family as Muhammad Al-Masri 57,
according to state records, others who lived at the house in the upscale neighborhood
near Jog Road and fourth to Abulavard were Madawi Al-Masri 26,
Turkey, Ma Al-Masri 22, and R.F.I.
ARIF 47, another Turkey.
Neighbors said Al-Masri lived in the home with his wife, a son and daughter
and the late teens early 20s, a younger son and daughter.
Several agents, some of them in white biohazard suits arrived yesterday afternoon to home
at 1606-Dural Drive in Fairway Isles, a gated community neighbor said.
Into the night agents went in and out of the home carrying plastic and paper bags
and dug up parts of the front yard.
Neighbors said they saw the agents carrying what appeared to be metal detectors.
A large pickup hauling a large metal trailer was backed up to the front door.
Miami FBI spokeswoman Judy Oruela said last night that the agents were looking on a search warrant.
She wouldn't say what they were looking for might have ever found,
whether there was any link to the ongoing National Terrorism Investigations,
at least 12 of the 19 terrorists to a hijacked the Jets 9-11 address
showing they once lived in Palm Beach County.
Lisa Dickerson said she watched Muhammad Al-Masri hustle his family into their car
on September 9, 2001.
She said that a few days after the attacks when the news reports began focusing on possible connections
between the terrorists and nearby Lantern Airport,
she called a special National FBI hotline.
It was just the way he put them in Dickerson said it happened so fast.
He just jammed them all over the car and they hauled ass.
Neighbors milled last night behind the old crime scene tape that stretched in front of the home
and across the wild drive to the front yard of Rodley to Marca.
La Marca said Al-Masri told him he was an engineer.
La Marca said the FBI had searched the home about two weeks ago.
He didn't know whether they had been the agency's first visit.
Now they're back like gangbusters La Marca said they must have found something.
La Marca said homeowner association president, they remsent told him FBI agents
and said they removed a computer and discs.
Remsent told FBI agents said the family packed up so quickly that food was left on the table.
Now keep in mind this was September 9, two days before the attacks.
Following that they left so fast that food was left on the table.
He reminds me of that melted ice cream that was left behind on the crime scene.
What crime scene was that?
Oh geez.
Was it Hagen does?
Was it Ben and Jerry's?
Was it Hagen does?
I think it was Hagen does.
I'm not really sure. I think it was Hagen as well.
Because Hagen does Meltz faster and that was really important.
That was a very important thing.
That's what that little very direct said.
Never see him and Todd direct together.
Same person, Van Herkut.
Martha Ruth Dickerson's mother said she would sold a couple son Turkey 22
was attending one of three flight schools at the near land by Lantana Airport.
He was just learning to take off.
Like Clark Kent last night.
Hey by the way, nice small of you last night.
Excellent.
That may have been the best episode ever.
Right?
They got rid of that mushy crap.
You know, a lot of this and Whitney.
I mean, you know, they're never going to do it anyway.
We're getting tired of all the big teas there.
But last night was some heavy duty stuff as Lex Luther turns to the dark side.
Oh right.
Yeah.
The dark side.
Or we can't say that anymore.
And of course now, you notice how hostile John Stiders.
You want to know why that is?
Because he keeps looking in the mirror and he remembers how good he looked at Duke Sehas.
Now crappy looks now. He's getting old.
Yeah, he's not too happy about it.
He did look good on that show.
I don't care what anybody says boy.
He may have been a crappy singer which he was.
He may not have been much of an actor.
But he sure looked good.
John Schneider.
Now he looks like a crag-y old fart.
And of course then he's got to look and there's there's a Tom Welling.
You know, nobody wants to see John Schneider anymore.
They're all looking at Tom Welling's big 14-size-speed.
So last night he started to fly.
In fact, Freaky Carlos' upfront this morning said he could relate to it.
So anyway, that's the latest on what's happened up there in Palm Beach.
It looks real suspicious to all of us.
You know, there are no coincidences anymore in the world.
Wouldn't you agree?
Though, 19 till 10 at 5.60 WQYM, on you guys out there,
it's no coincidence that your hair is falling out of clumps because
male-patterned baldness is one of God's great gift to men.
That's right. Just a little tricky place on you because his sadistic prick
is what basically boils down to.
And so when you look at him and you say, where the hell is my hair gone to?
Here's the answer.
Charles Alfira can make you look better and younger than you ever thought you could again.
Because he's got that natural hair line system.
For over 25 years working with a famous, not so famous,
they're rich, the sluppers, and everybody in between.
Charlie's been making guys look better like I said and younger than they ever dreamed they possibly could again.
So if you want to look beautiful, lovely, or at least like better than you were before.
Maybe even like not so hot, but maybe look warm.
Here's the answer for it. Call tool for you.
1-800-321-2413.
1-800-321-2413.
Mention the aridges you get 200 bucks off the discount off the regular price.
And don't forget you get a full 30-day guarantee money back.
If you're not ecstatic after 30 days with the way you look and feel with the way you smell.
If you're not getting late at least 5, 10, 15 times a day, no problem.
Charlie give you your money back.
So like I always tell you, the only thing you have to lose is that shiny, ugly, grotesque, aging bald spots.
Say goodbye to it at the Charles Alfira Studios.
1-800-321-2413.
Or you can check all of this out on their website if you'd like at Charles Alfira.com.
Find a local business piece by 60.
There ain't use all yours.
You win.
I don't have a penis. I've never had one. I swear.
And Mr. Howard, all of us here at Westwood want have reached the unanimous decision.
Oh, to give me a raise.
No.
I'll put up a statue or a plan.
Not exactly. You see, we want you to leave.
To go far away and never come back.
How dare you! You know who I am!
Why, I'm no having a raise.
That's why we prefer you never darken our doorway again.
The night that was best of us.
Why, I'd sell my soul to exact revenge.
Yeah, it'll be a cold day in here.
Hell in there.
Who the hell are you?
Consider me a friend.
Who has come to fulfill your needs.
Hell in life.
I will make you a powerful radio star in paradise.
I have very dear, I'll never Republican friends in certain days.
And religious organizations that can make it all possible.
Okay, what's the catch?
All I ask for in return is something you'll never use anyway.
Your soul.
That's it?
Yeah.
Look at all my side, pal.
And side right here.
What a room, bubba.
Welcome back to another installment of the Mohawada David's show.
Everybody in paradise at eyes.
And in funny when we do it, they're not humor.
Yeah.
And in that, they're not.
And how about the panties?
We don't talk about suck on this show.
On the studded-dodded-dodded.
Yes, my dominant master, the red-dodded-dodded-dodded.
Oh, God, that's smack-y.
I'm in a good mood, did it today.
How come?
Well, you haven't heard about that there, a packet, don't?
Getting all that hot water over the comedy bitches and playing?
Ah, ah, ah!
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
Oh, good boy.
Uh, uh, uh.
Who's that?
Who's that, who's that, who's that, who's that.
Hey, you prince of darkness and shadows at all.
Yes.
I just couldn't put a bullet in my head for all this crazy.
Yes, yes.
Who's that?
Uh.
Hello, ma'am.
Oh, it's you!
Hey, what do you know?
What do you say, prince of darkness?
I have come to collect my path of the bargain.
Sure, go ahead.
It's all I got to say in it.
Hey!
What are you doing? You're not a told-
It's all part of the bargain now.
You know I brought some ruins and mines along to enjoy.
Follow me!
The green bay fudge that drags the Wubrican!
I'm gonna be the Wubrican now!
Wubrican, Wubrican, Wubrican, Wubrican!
Which cable and rate me?
10 minutes before 10 at 5.60 W here.
Let's take a look at that schedule there.
We got your manager one just a nice pristine schedule
until you're a Panther game.
Mad Dog of one, Hank is out of the Super Bowl from San Diego with three.
And then you got these shittko pants and people with seven.
Pathas and the Ottawa Senators, Hottest team and league,
maybe 730 if they macarena, will all be there.
Eddie Kay from the Bahamas, a 10, Eddie Kay from GA in the Bahamas
where we plunge in his brains out and Joe and Mark overnight.
Who really dicked with our pool big time last night.
Can you believe that? Yes.
Why is this here? Everybody who goes on the air,
does one show develop such a big ego in his business?
That's a curse.
Everybody who goes on just the first day.
Oh, I'm a talk show host.
And right away they got this gigantic ego
and they want to start puffing up their ego
with all these inflated nonsensical things like that,
getting on our pool and goosing up all those phone evotes.
I looked at it last night and the pool too.
I looked at my pool and I kind of cried a little bit.
Just like when John Snyder looked in the mirror.
Oh, I speak of that.
Here's the facts from Nadine who says you'll have to fight me for Tom,
aka Clark, Tom Malink Clark Kent.
He's cute and so are you and says Nadine,
you're a great personality.
Yes, I am a great personality.
As far as cute, Rob, get some glasses, sweetheart.
100 votes on today's pool already.
I don't think we're gonna do no 1900 on this pool to you.
No, no, no, no.
They're not nearly as highly motivated
because as this nearly as important as,
no, no way, it's just a delusional thing.
Right.
Well, plus of course a big part of our audience
doesn't live in Broward County.
Some of our people actually live in Dade County still.
Oh my God. I know.
It's kind of frightening to think about it.
106 votes, what's your take on Broward elections
who bars your Miriam Oliphant?
She's totally incompetent and should be fired 77.
Who's Miriam Oliphant 19?
She's the victim of a racist campaign six
and she's doing a good job for her.
Not exactly what you call an overwhelming no vote
of support yet for Miriam Elephant, I don't think.
Don't you think she's victim of a incompetent, yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T
in Verizon Wireless Line as we debate the future
of these Wednesdays, actually debate the future
of the nine to 10 hour.
See, because at nine to 10, let's be honest about it,
they just put us on it to goose up the morning show.
Right.
And you know what we're doing about that?
Goosing it up a little bit, it's just,
it doesn't really make that much of a difference,
especially when you're following a 2.1 share in men
in the eight o'clock hour.
So what they've done is they've harmed us,
not that we won't still take the bonus money,
but it's just, I don't know,
and not that we don't like the schedule,
which we like a lot, but,
is it good radio?
Does it make sense?
Does it work for the audience?
No.
I don't think so.
And so I still think, at least on Wednesday,
we ought to try it next week, what do you think?
All right.
Nine to 10.
I mean, what difference does it make?
We're still doing a one hour comedy stuff,
but instead of doing it like noon to one,
what you've been doing now for months,
we'll just do a nine to 10.
And maybe they'll give people a more immediate reason
to tune over at nine, number one, and number two,
then when we start at 10, see the problem now,
because obviously in the numbers prove it,
but I've been saying all along,
didn't I say this the first week that we did nine to one?
Remember I was crying like a child,
like guilty is now?
Right.
I was whining, because of the fact that you could see.
People are creatures of habit.
People listen to morning shows from six to 10.
I've been on midday for what?
About 70, 80 years now?
10 to two?
And so when people are tuning over to us,
from where everybody's been listening before,
whether it's Howard Spurr,
or the handful of people listening
to your friend Paul and Ron,
or whatever else, they're the national public radio,
whatever, they tune in and the show is in midstream.
They didn't know what the hell we're talking about.
The pool's already a done deal.
It's already on there farting away.
And so it makes it very difficult.
And one thing you don't wanna do for your audience
is make it hard, okay?
Although I've seen some of them, not too many.
Very, very few.
And that's what we're doing.
We shot ourselves in a foot.
That's what you did, Greg, you shot us in a foot.
Shame on you.
And even though we'll be delighted to continue taking the money,
the big, big bucks on this side of the window,
and the really measly bucks on the other side of the window,
well, look at it kind of evens out, you know?
That's what it is.
If you guys are making a lot of money,
I'd be making a little bit less.
And I can't afford to be making less
because rumor introduced me to my church.
Yeah.
You know, I tell you,
I must be a really nice guy because the guy that does that to me,
and I turn around and get him free meals
at the pizza lot for the rest of his life,
I must have a good sense of humor, you know?
You're an old sobty.
I am.
I mean, when people are whining to me about,
you know, what am I going to do?
And I'm like, I'm humoring their hysteria.
Yeah, no.
No.
No, I'm just, why am I listening to them?
People have participated in an ongoing effort
to try to destroy you and me in this show.
I'm not talking about something fantasy.
I'm talking about something really sinister
and nasty and unacceptable,
the likes of which I hate never seen.
You hate?
I hate never seen it.
Until here recently in this past year.
124 votes on there and 90 people say she's incompetent
ought to be fired and I say they are.
Absolutely.
Is what I say.
Well, sorry, Bird's tender.
I chopped him right there at the ankles,
which is what we should have done to Greg
when he started messing with his schedule.
That's what if I had a real agent would have done.
That's what Norma Kent should have done.
Well, that's right, I forgot.
He's just gone off the air a little while ago.
FTL still doesn't show up.
I should point out to you, Norm.
Still doesn't show up.
You're a big hot shot.
Do you know that he was talking the other day
in about that eight to nine hour day doesn't FTL?
When I had the opportunity to see him.
Eight to nine, like somebody cares.
Even the highly touted Bill O'Reilly
from Fox Fascist Network News.
Does he show up?
No.
One large ass is enough, okay?
So they thought that they put him on there
in the light bulb.
Oh, those right wingers will turn off Limbaugh
and they'll go, no, no, they want the real thing.
They want the real blowhard.
They don't want some self aggrandizing pompous ass.
Like I said, they already got one of those.
And now that Russia's got his hearing back,
forget about it.
Well, they thought that all the vultures were like,
you're moving in.
Remember when he had that problem last year,
the year before, and he was losing his hearing
and thought he was losing his mind
and gonna go off here and they had the operation
he got his hearing back.
What the, what the, and he's back to doing this thing again.
So Bill O'Reilly in this market
went over like a pregnant pool of auto
on a hot July day.
Bad.
Kind of like our morning show's going over.
We can talk about that.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
It was up there.
How you doing?
All right.
I'm not a racist or anything like that,
but I really hit the fact that black people down here
are quick to pull out the racist card.
You know what I mean?
Right.
I think they took it from the Johnny Cockman school
of a race card.
Yeah.
Cause I mean, the Martin Luther King Parade,
you know, they didn't want the mayor Broadway there
because she wanted all of them out.
And basically the whole day they were just saying,
oh, you don't want her there because she's black, you know,
hi, hi.
And it's not about that.
It's about just, just look at the facts.
Yeah.
Just screwing up our election.
Right.
You know, and I would back in the primary.
And then again, in November,
Broward County was the laughing stock.
Not just the Florida, but the whole country.
Remember how many days it took for them to count
the primary votes with Reno and Bill McBride?
Yeah, exactly.
I think they're still counting them.
And I was watching channel 2425
when it was government channels.
Yeah.
And the commission that kept action, you know,
what happened to all the money that we already gave to you.
Yeah.
And she was just like, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Exactly.
That's exactly what she said.
I seen it last night.
And according to now she wants another three and a half minutes.
Yeah.
And they said, wow, we don't think so.
My staff is preparing a report for you.
But no idea why the money is working on it.
So I just say just fire her.
Yeah.
Thank you, sir.
I have a good day.
God bless America and all the ships that see.
See, there you go.
There's a dark, complex guy.
He knows what side it's on.
He's not playing.
See, when you look at things based on whether you're black
or you're white or you're gay or you're bi or you're this,
or you're Hispanic, that's just stupid.
What that says is you don't have a mind of your own.
You can't think.
You can't think for yourself.
You're a herd animal.
Exactly.
You're a lemmon.
You're like those flamingos that the track
who all stick their heads in their ass.
Yeah, that's right.
They stick their heads in each other's ass.
Just like PD Lenny was doing with Fat Boy in a hallway.
They're in cash when he was got the pictures.
What a horrendous group.
Tess thought that is.
And luckily I spaced enough time
between breakfast and lunch.
Now, see, I didn't do it too close to lunch time.
Because that would have been really bad
to be talking about PD Lenny,
hump and fat boy in a hallway out there.
Real close to lunch.
I know.
You're getting very nauseous again.
I really, it's gotta be that.
Why else they gotta know that we don't want him
on this station, Castronova.
I mean, he's talk about small potatoes.
Remember those little potatoes
were always asking what the hell those are?
Those little, he's not even that size.
Castronova.
He doesn't even amount to,
he doesn't amount to, as Craig Worthing would say,
a people in the snow.
So what are they talking about?
9.57 at 5.60 WQM.
I'll tell you a place if you're on the Atkins diet
or any of the low carbohydrate or low sugar diet.
And that's the last of West Boka.
A lot of people get frustrated
because one thing I can tell you
about Atkins from personal experiences,
it's pretty limited.
It's pretty boring.
If you're just gonna have meat and cheese
and seafood, it sounds great at first.
But man, you gotta have some other stuff there
to give you the variety to keep you
on a straight and narrow path.
That's why delights went into business
in the first place to create an entire store
that specifically devoted to you
and all your dietary needs.
They've got over 600 delicious
low-carb food products and stock.
And all this week, try their new
Enchantment Low-Carb Cookies
in six delicious flavors,
only one or two carbs per cookie,
you'll be in Schneckeven.
So whether it's Carbohlite ice cream, bread, chips,
muffins, cheesecakes, pasta, sauces,
the lights away,
the smoke is a place you're gonna love to shop
and don't forget you can try before you buy it,
always add to lights.
They have a staff who knows their stuff inside
and not to even know PDLini, they'll tell you stories.
They're open seven days a week from 10 to 10,
and they create the most complete line
of African brand products in the world
that are always, by the way, 25% off all day, every day.
You've heard the reports you've seen
that African's is making a big comeback
because while people have tried a lot of other things,
this is the one that works for so many people.
So head for the number one low-carb sugar-free store
in the world, the lights of West Boka
on the northeast corner of Glades in 441,
right next to Boston Market,
or column tool free at 1-877 Low-Carb
or on the web, you'll find them at lowcarb.com.
Don't forget there's only one
that lights a West Boka to your official
Atkins retail center.
Oh my God, they came along.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
Most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Your children are home from school all summer.
You want to spend more time with them,
but with your busy work scheduled, it's challenging.
You could send them to summer camp,
but they might contract rabies
or get lost in the wilderness.
You could get them involved in sports,
but violent ground acquisition games
like football could cause an injury.
That's why we invite you to bring your children
into the church, the Catholic Church.
Our hands-on approach will guarantee every child
gets a great deal of one-on-one attention.
And if your child benefits from being part of a team,
some of our priests are into the group thing as well.
They'll enjoy such life-changing games
as who's that in the confessional?
Guess what's under my road?
And pin the blame on the parents.
Make a difference in your child's future
with the Catholic Church.
10.0.2.560.
WQM, Happy Wednesday to you.
167 votes on a pool.
What's your take on Broadway, Lux and Supervisor Miriam Elephant?
She's totally incompetent.
She should be fired 123, 73.6%.
73.5% say she's totally incompetent
and should be fired.
Who's Miriam Elephant, 31 say that?
She's the victim of a racist campaign eight.
And she's doing a good job, five.
Five people say that.
They probably live out of Howard.
Probably live in Palm Beach County,
and they're still voting for Papu Cannon.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight.
We're not gonna get any input.
You know what?
See, the thing with programming is just go ahead and do it.
You know?
Yeah, you're right.
No, we will.
Next Wednesday between nine and 10,
and we'll just try out as an experiment
just on Wednesday's only in the beginning.
We'll reverse, we'll take what we've been doing
to one and we'll flop that around.
I'd attend and we'll play the comedy bits for an hour.
And then the show will start at 10
as far as me opening up my push.
Right?
I mean, I guess I'll be opening my push for the spots
and things like that.
And hey, yeah, that's a time in temperature.
Right, time in time.
Little traffic report, which we'll make up
because we don't have any.
And that'll be it.
And then because I think that we have to be in,
you know, it's just, it's screwed up.
It's really screwed up.
Those first days that we wore out at nine o'clock
it was like, well, you know,
people wanting us to start the show all over again
for them at 10 because they were just tuning in.
Well, that's unacceptable to us.
I mean, you know, we could just keep floating along
and take the money.
I got a good contract.
George has got his great new contract
that he's gonna be signing any day now.
Have you seen it yet?
Evidently.
No, he's contract either.
It's coming.
Isn't that what Norma said?
Is that what Norma can't tell you?
Yesterday or today.
Hopeless, he is absolutely as useless as a fronze-ance.
He just, you know, he just is.
He's a legend in his own mind.
He'll tell you that.
And he's dedicating his life to have been
an important guy now, but other than that, but nevertheless.
So we could do that.
But I just, I don't know, it's just not my nature
to take the easy way out.
Although it is a cop out, of course,
not reading those bedtime stories all day.
Right.
Remember that bitch?
As long as I live before they put my nasty,
cold body in the ground, that will still be in my mind.
That bitch calls up George.
I'm back in town.
I'm in a really good mood.
It was on that Monday, I guess,
before I came back to work right before the new year.
Well, you know, you're the only one, George,
on the year anywhere that's taking the opposite point of view
from these right wingers, and you're the only place we can tell.
And then you try to explain her
that I've been doing the thing all year long.
Well, yeah, but he says that nobody cares.
Is it just too hard to do?
Is that just a cop out?
I got some of this too hard for you, honey.
It's my foot.
I'd like to put it right up your ass.
And nobody cares.
And nobody cares.
Nobody wants to hear that.
I mean, what's the point of my destroying the show
to try to make a point?
I mean, talk about being stupid, you know?
I enjoyed it, but the show isn't for me to enjoy
or George or little Carlos to sit there and suck around here.
He'll say he enjoys anything
because he needs the money desperately.
You see, admit that.
Get a free meal every now and then, like yesterday.
Thanks again to Flores, who's damn good,
although we didn't need the 40 pounds of pasta.
And you saw what I did here.
I sat in eight or a whole bunch of that,
which I had no business doing.
You see, I don't want to make excuses, but.
That's another great reason for me to be doing the show
from out of town most of the year.
Because if I'm here all year, that's at least,
at least 10 pounds extra
that I'll be by the end of the year.
At least minimum.
That's not a good one.
I've been back about three weeks.
What's the day of the 22nd?
Yeah, three weeks.
We've had Wayne Arnold here twice.
You're doing the first time, mine the second time.
We had Flores yesterday.
Fat boy comes in and we're way 600 pounds
and can't walk.
He's walking with a cane.
How old would you say he is?
About 38, 40?
40.
Let's say 40.
It's okay.
He's like a not an old man.
But because of the fact that he's such a tub,
a tub, not just fat, but a tub.
He wears a sack to work, talk about a fashion plate.
By the way, he knows how spiffy I look lately.
But at any rate, huh?
Except you're straightening your buttons a little bit
because you're talking about your weight.
No, I'm not.
What are we talking about?
Yesterday we were pulling on him a little bit.
I was pulling on it yesterday.
The buttons.
I'm looking at Enrique's picture.
Maybe that's what.
Maybe I was getting ready for a small bit last night.
Anyway, the fat boy comes in here.
And he's bitching on a one hand about the fact that
Troy Stradford won't hook him back up with balance for life.
I mentioned this already.
But it's worth mentioning again for the people just tuning in.
And he's got bagged.
I'm not making this up.
He's got bags and bags of food that he's supervising
from Bagel High.
Lots of food, Patti.
And he's offering me this and offering me that.
And he does have this thing of Rogolof back here,
which is just like, oh, and how about the Doreen feast
that I had the obeyed.
Two cupcakes and a chocolate lace.
Right.
Arsenic and chocolate lace.
I also think it'll let you forget that one.
No, I know that.
And now he's Rogolof, which I've already had two
from Bagel High and there's three more sitting in here.
Little ones, but never less.
I'll eat them because I'm addicted to this crap.
So and then when do you, when have you ever heard me eat
on the urin toronto?
Or an amp, an amp forget about it,
because I'd have to go up that winding staircase.
I get killed doing it over there.
Once you wouldn't got a weenie out of the fridge.
I got a piece of cheese.
I did eat a cold weenie, which is not your brand.
I had a piece of cheese.
And I had a piece of cheese.
And that was it.
If it's colder, it got to be something.
And plus that's all Atkins approved anyway.
There's no problem with that.
Am I the only one that eats cold weenies?
Do you ever eat the, like, you don't?
Well, you don't eat anything anyway.
Remind me never to ask Carlos about anything, okay?
He doesn't like chocolate.
He doesn't like, uh, well, what else?
Anything.
Things that everybody likes.
You know, I'm asking about hot dogs.
You like hot dogs cooked at least?
Oh, they're okay.
Not great.
Yeah, maybe.
So if you don't like a cooked, why not?
Would you like it raw?
You know, I can think of things
that fit into that category.
And in fact, Duff will be talking about this
as Sunday on his new show.
But, uh, so what did I ever eat there
while I was on here all those months?
Nothing.
Basically, nothing, nothing.
Just an example.
And we're looking at how svelta I was
when I came back in October.
I waited 186.
It was my lowest weight in a,
Koon's age, lowest weight in years.
That's a bit of a walking that you do when you're there.
When I'm anywhere, but here.
Anywhere but here.
Here?
Basically what you do here is
you sit on your ass and you watch TV.
You go to your garage, you get in your car,
you go to wherever you're gonna go,
and then you go into work
and you take about four steps,
you get on the elevator,
you're coming for your taking another eight steps,
and you sit on your ass.
I was thinking this Monday night to track.
Monday, I was in here on my ass for four hours
doing this show, okay?
Four hours.
I get to Pompato Park about six o'clock
with a fat man there,
and I'm there till about 11.30.
There's five, and maybe I got up twice.
Once they go take a leak,
another time just to get up and stretch
because my ass was killing me sitting on that chair.
So there's nine and a half hours right there
sitting on my ass.
Well, you're not gonna lose any weight.
You're not gonna burn off any calories
sitting on your big fat pimpley old ugly ass.
Nope.
And this is pretty much what most people do
because make no mistake about it.
It's...
That's the American fucking way.
Right.
She said it so well.
So being here is,
it's a very negative toward my health,
both mental and physical.
One, two, three,
one, and one.
And one, two, three,
four, 20, five, six,
one, two, three,
two, three, four, five, six,
one, two, three, four, five, six.
She really stops it down
and she has packed on the ground.
To the Hell primary seed must wait
since around all day in her humble gaze
When she eats windows and kill bosses, she keeps packing it away constantly with the
gallon of fucked swirl.
And she sits on the couch and don't go out, I'm pretty sure she's got the gout, she's
a lazy big bad girl.
She's a lazy big bad girl.
Yeah, and Rekay is going to be doing a call, sorry George, you're out.
Stuff just came into an outfit, we appreciate all you've done the last 11 years, it's been
wonderful, that's the reason you haven't got your new contract yet.
Not that I would turn on you, I mean it would never abandon you unless of course there
was a greater alternative which in this case is not even close.
And Rekay is going to be doing it, which of course he speaks better panic than you because
he's Spanish, he's not Cuban, he's a Spaniard.
And he probably is actually from there.
And he now can relate better because we both have very very tiny penises, as a matter
of fact I don't want to let the cat out of the bag.
But in Rekay and I are going to be dust first guest on and show this Sunday at 6 on penis
talk.
You just like to spend your better because they list from Barthelona, yes they do list
okay and of course they have a good excuse.
What's yours?
5 6 7 0 5 60 so I guess so we just decided next Wednesday 9 to 10, comedy beds.
But anyway here's my programming suggestion, I mentioned it to Duff and he was like, you
know of course what does he have to say, he's just the operations manager.
The program director showed his face in there yesterday, clearance although don't not
clearance because payday is coming up Friday.
Payday is Friday by the way boys, the 25th of Saturday this month.
So payday will be Friday the 24th.
Am I correct about that?
Yes I am.
I just want to plant the seeds in their mind over there in Naples just in case the pony
got sick again or the FedEx because it a bad storm.
I don't see any bad storm down here.
Maybe go to cold weather the pony got sick.
So the FedEx went to New Orleans and then I went to Houston.
Then I went to San Diego, I hanged, presented back to Naples.
Yeah, like the last time whoever heard such a pile of crap.
Remember that dog in poetry?
And I checked it, Duff me of me months and months ago remember that way it still hasn't
done.
They haven't found that one.
So these are people who resist payday, they fear it.
I'm sure that when it comes payday that the people who work over there in Naples in
the accounting department just they don't get out of bed real quick.
They kind of like look at the clock and then they shut it off the alarm clock and crawl
back onto the covers and then they kind of take a peek.
You know what I see if the daylight is showing yet.
If you found one I'm saying they really get up very reluctantly because they don't want
to write those checks.
And even if they do write them they don't want to hand them out because you might cash
them.
That's their greatest fear in Naples at the Beasley or corporate headquarters is that we
might actually cash those checks.
I do.
I deposit that baby in there.
I take her right to the bank.
See here's a big fat one for you, okay?
And as I'm driving away they're probably thinking yeah there goes a big fat one.
But that's okay because it's my money.
Yeah that's probably what they're thinking except my good friend Carol.
Hey we love you Carol.
She's the best.
She's about one of the only people left over there have any idea who they are and who knows
me.
At Watt Chovia which used to be first union which used to be a family bank which used to
be something else.
I never called my good buddy Matt with the bald head Matt Korshaw.
Great guy.
I'll get to you Matt one of these days because he's probably older than I've been out
anyway.
Huh?
Good episode out small there last night so here's my programming suggestion.
I want the audience to listen to this very carefully to evaluate it to chew it a little
bit, spit it out.
Like Dr. Miriam Gervaisk used to say remember Dr. Miriam G?
Dr. G.
What about her?
She was from U of M.
Do you remember her the sex lady?
No.
She was the sex doctor.
I thought that was Aaron.
Big fat.
Oh Aaron.
Oh come on.
Aaron had a great ass.
That's why Steve Nichol hired that bitch.
She wouldn't know.
She wouldn't know a honey bear from a honey jar.
That bitch.
Seriously?
What did she know about sex?
Right.
That's showing over like I said before.
What was I saying before you interrupted me by the new schedule?
Oh the new schedule.
Here it is.
9-11.
The Mad Dog.
Oh right.
9-11 Am right after Mo and Kelly.
Right?
Which in my mind I think that's a good marriage because it takes the play by play guy
there right back to back with his color man.
You got that dolphin factor plus there can it's a sports there's some continuity in there.
Now Mad Dog and I already have a continuity back to back which is obviously in this book.
The last hour we got a six five he's got a six three.
He maintains most of the audience.
There you go.
So whether he's on first or I'm on second or whether he's on third base it doesn't make
an awful lot of difference.
So he does 9-11 and we do 11-3.
Which means you get to sleep later.
I mean four o'clock.
I take the kid to school so I yeah.
Right.
There you go.
But I mean in my case I get to sleep later which are like a lot.
Then all you get to do is still got the hump and then whatever else we got.
That's how you why they won't go for it.
Well who won't go for it?
Manage him in here.
Duff was just in here.
He's part of management not not not much.
You know they actually talked to him the humor once in a while.
He didn't seem to have you greatly opposed to it.
Of course I looked at him and his fate.
He didn't say it but in his mind I could think he was thinking other things in terms of
changes.
Remember the whole reason that they wanted to know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
He was thinking other things.
I don't want to say what they might have been.
He didn't definitely didn't say it.
But Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
He might put Jesus on in the morning.
In sandals.
Go ahead I'm sorry.
Oh the whole reason that they go.
No let me tell you right now.
Nobody on that show is going anywhere.
Oh I know.
Mo and Gully.
There is solid as the Rockage or broader.
They got a two one if they had a one one if they had a point one they're locked in
for two years.
Right.
Because like I said only moments ago this company doesn't like paid people when they're
working.
They certainly don't want to pay people not to work.
You thought I want to say?
They don't want to be doing that.
Go ahead I'm sorry we're saying.
The whole reason they moved you to 9 to 1 was to goose up the morning drive.
Yeah.
Since morning drive is sick.
But it isn't having that big of an impact don't you want to say it in addition to which
will you listen to me in addition to which manage might help morning drive more.
I know.
Because there's the logical sports tie in there.
I know that.
And people who are listening to Mo both of them will might keep right where they are as
opposed to right now there's about as much crossover as you've got money in a bank
which ain't too much.
Now I almost insignificant.
But they will maintain that they need you on at 9 o'clock to bring that morning drive
number.
Did you hear what I just got to say?
You missed your death man.
No I talk a little bit louder maybe.
I'm telling you.
Maybe I could throw a hole in that window so the sound kid would come right through
there.
I heard you they won't.
What do you mean they won't?
I just talked him off.
I just talked to the head Hansjo from that penis show.
And he said that something to think about.
He said it sounds okay to me.
What?
What named me an objection.
Other than that silly crap you just talked about because everybody gave me the answer
for that.
Oh I think it's an excellent idea.
I think it's actually now we'll get the audience's idea to that.
Lots of time in the morning.
11 o'clock.
It's sensational to me.
Because following the mad dog can you imagine the audience he would turn over to me at
11 o'clock?
Yeah.
And we would build on that instead of like starting like on your hands and knees and on your
ass.
On your reinies?
I think it's magnificent.
Of course you won't be here to enjoy it because Enrique is coming in Monday but we'll get
to Enrique.
I got all the tabloids came in yesterday Joe made it air exposed including his shocking
gay scandal.
Got all the good stuff here.
But hopefully we'll have some calls about these very important programming decisions to
make which I don't see too many.
Here's a call in Miami.
Hello.
Like you saw the young.
Yes sir.
Get that bitch.
Get out of there man and go raiders.
Okay.
Get that bitch.
Mary Maat number one and number two go raiders.
Oh I didn't hear that last part because I'm written for the buck.
Sorry.
What?
I live in Florida.
I'm not a Tampa Bay Bucks fan.
I did say that they were going to win that game last week in Philly which nobody believed
me.
I was right about that and I think they can go all the way.
I don't like their quarterback Brad Johnson.
I think he's pretty marginal at best but nevertheless.
I think they can still do it.
When in doubt they'll pull it out.
I think Oakland's overrated to be honest with him.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, you notice the tremendous response.
Now let's go back to the thing about businesses that are no longer around.
Look at contrast the response we had to that because all that basically required was mentioning
a name of a place or about ten places or your favorite 700 places that went out of
it as opposed to like having something to say.
Thinking about this very important dilemma that we have here at WQAM where our future
where the future of your listening habits are at stake where the future of your free entertainment
is at stake.
It's enough to make me want to drive a stake through my own heart which I think is what
they did to us about a year ago.
Thank you Greg.
Ma but they built a studio that was studio.
As if one hat what does that have to do with anything else?
With what time that I'm on?
Building studios in Toronto on Uranus on a moon.
What does that have to do with the time that the show is on?
Absolutely nothing.
It's kind of like saying to us, wow we want you to sacrifice the, everything you've worked
the last 15 years to build up in midday.
Want you to sacrifice that in order because we're going to build you some studios.
Does that, is there any logic in that?
No.
Here's Delray Beach.
Hello.
Delray Beach.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Can you hear me?
Yes it sounds just like you.
Listen Neil I got some more.
You want these?
Some more one.
No get out.
Are you crazy person?
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
See what I mean about this town?
Was I right or was I right?
I probably blew it.
I probably blew it.
I could probably carry that on for another month and they'd have been happy campers.
Oh yeah, here's a much more.
Let's just get out the old yellow pages.
Maybe some people saved those.
Most of us threw them out.
Maybe some people got the yellow pages about 10, 20 years ago.
You just started A and run through triple Z for a pest control up to Zebra Uras, double
A hardvark.
We'll just name every business in the yellow pages.
That'll kill several of them.
I mean that's sad.
That's tragic.
But to try to orchestrate a conversation about anything in this town, it just doesn't
fly.
You won't play the game.
Won't do it.
Can't do it.
Here's some rise.
Hello.
I've been listening to you for about 15 years.
Yes sir.
Then you understand my predicament I guess.
Well that general manager or the owner of this station, I mean I'm surprised you survived
this long.
Number one, you got to get control of George.
This guy won't let you speak.
I know.
You're not just like Tom Jicke said he wants to be an equal partner around a year.
I mean, bring it in, Rick.
I think also the show took a hit when you went away to, well according to Tom Jicke,
when you went to Toronto because you lost your pulse on the town.
Yeah, just like Tom was been Hollywood writing stupid tough pieces about network shows for
last month now.
And I haven't missed his piece of crap article ever since he left.
I wouldn't read that guy if I wouldn't use his article for toilet paper.
But I was being ill.
Keep it handy.
Okay.
Thanks.
Now what do you say about you?
There's a great letter to the editor, which you'll find most, here it is, Stanley Pete
Kaplan in today's Harold on the editorial page, Lansky Wronged.
Ray, the January 15th Harold in History item, Meyer Lansky dies a looting law of final
time.
I'm the attorney who prepared Lansky's will, probated as a state and was appointed as the
trustee of his estate.
Lansky.
On January 15th, 1983 and not a day later is reported, neither he nor his widow, Thelma,
were buried in Jerusalem.
They're final resting places here in Miami.
Your reference to him is the great eminence of organized crime is hyperbole that goes
back to the Harold reporter Hank Messick in the 1970s.
Lansky's notorious reputation is a fiction that explains why he was able to laugh off
a near lifetime of determined but futile investigations rights, Stanley Pete Kaplan, his
attorney in Miami.
You find that most amusing?
Eh.
Did we amuse yous?
Well, that's right.
You're still pissed off because this last guy said you better shut up because you want
me to speak.
So you're just dumbied up.
We wanted him to speak and like, hmm, like that now because of that last guy that called
sticking his nose in it.
Although Tom Jikka did say we're going to be an equal partner on the show and I'd be
calling in.
This is my wind dictated from anywhere in the world to do the show.
Hey, how you doing everybody?
It's a Thursday.
Here's George.
Have a great day.
I like that.
You think Tom might just be some kind of a idiot?
I'm starting to think the same way.
There's a butt ass smell it.
Welcome back to the glittering pageantry of the Mohawada Navy to show we have a full
duck today.
Including the cavalcade of our articulate athlete of yours.
You know that pipe smoke is still at it.
Why?
Why's it singing the songs?
Make it fun on me.
They make fun on me all the time.
I don't know why they don't adore me.
They're there.
Everything will be alright, Mo.
Get your hands off me, Ferri.
You queer.
You're a tube jumper.
Real men don't touch.
Only during the game.
Yes, master.
They won't sing.
I'll give them singing.
Get on a piano.
I'm an egg.
OK, Mo.
Now, hit it.
Back in my day, men was straight.
The end day is up today.
That's why I can't tolerate.
Tissue guns with gaze.
Spoils were in game back then.
I'm dead.
Stop it, you're more on.
What's the matter, Mo?
My wind fell off again.
OK, all right, where were we?
Poor holes were in game back then.
I'll take it from here.
The guys that liked the worship men.
The thing we will see for the no-way
in the middle of my game.
Didn't mean those south-brass dead.
Or to tickle heritane.
Jesus Christ, I really hate.
Jesus Christ, I hate.
Let's do it, Mo.
1033 and 560.
We have a little technical problem on our fax machine.
So if your fax is like the end of the world is coming or something
we didn't talk about it, don't get all betta out of shape.
Because we got to fix stuff.
Big fat hole yo came in here and he'd like banged on it.
And the fax machine too.
And just because it's a scare to him, it worked again now.
Just imagine all the names of businesses that we probably missed
in the last hour and a half.
Okay, let's see some very important no-jane
who's dead and beyond chronic.
Oh, I know why you hate religious folks, but this guy,
yaddy yaddy yaddy.
Okay, thanks James.
Well, at least it was like a test to see that it worked.
Thank you, James, for testing our fax which works.
255 votes on a poll on eorogers.com.
Let's your take on Broward election supervisor, Miriam Olafon.
She's totally incompetent, should be fired 187.
Over 73%.
Who's Miriam Olafon 45?
She's the victim of a racist campaign 176.6%.
And she's doing a good job, six people.
Said she's doing a good job 2.3%.
This is graceful.
Here's Tamarack, hello.
Tamarack.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil, I think that Miriam Olafon definitely should be fired.
He's incompetent.
And the Blacks always played a race card all the time.
Well, time listener, first time call.
Okay, thank you.
Don't do it again.
567.0560 pound.
We're getting a lot of older folks today.
You know, I realize that it's that time of the year when your bones start to ache real bad
because it's cold out there.
It's going to be like 30, 60 degrees though a Friday night or a Saturday morning, whatever the hell it is.
It's going to be really, really chilly.
So bundle up, turn the put some logs in the fireplace.
You know, bend right over, drop a couple logs in the fireplace.
Or maybe your little dog can do it.
Mine does it all the time.
Drops logs everywhere.
In the fireplace.
We don't even have a fireplace.
Here's a call from...
I don't do that, Neil.
I hate when you do that.
I think I knocked him off of there.
I've got a Pemberg Pine.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
What did I ever do to you?
Wasn't on that left, Paul?
I miss you, Neil.
I have no idea who that is nor do I care.
Some chronic, some lunatic.
567.0560 pound.560.
You know, it's really very sad.
I got a fax from New England, Paul.
He was upset he wasn't on the chronic's pool.
This just goes to show you how desperate people are.
It wounds their ego that we don't put them on or in something that's really hardly complimentary.
That's extraordinarily derogatory.
This is basically that these are lifeless assholes who have nothing to do but annoy me and show any audience.
Who couldn't find a friend at a goddamn pickle patch.
In fact, I asked them off how Doreen was doing with that free food from public service.
They said, well, if you don't see her today, that's where she's hanging out.
Publix, pickle patch.
Here's a fax that says, do you kneel and George?
Do you really isn't there supporting audience?
Oh, this is the same virulent.
We're not interested in hearing about the Jews and the herbs and the Jews.
We'd rather hear about Chris and Aronde and Aronde and Chris and Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and John Gruden and John Gruden and Al Davis and Al Davis.
Don't want to hear any more about that crap.
Okay, they've been killing each other for 5,000 years.
Why should it be different now?
At least, if they're not good, at least they're consistent.
Right?
Kind of like our morning numbers.
Not good but consistent.
Not that consistent either.
I wouldn't have minded if he had a three-shear or something at 8 o'clock.
A 3.0, a 3.1, and a 2.1 at 8 o'clock.
Now, see, 9 o'clock has always been a dead hour on every station.
They're always, everybody we work for, trying to use me to goose up there at 9 o'clock hour.
Disney did it by green everybody.
Trying to use me to goose up a disk, but now it's 9 o'clock is...
They're two hours through the daytime in the radio.
9 o'clock in the morning and 6 in the evening.
Right.
That are two of the dead-est hours.
Because they're both on the ass end after drive time.
Now, 9 o'clock, let's take a look at 6.
Hank is a 3... he's got a 4.4, 4.2, a 4.2, and then the last hour, 3.8.
His lowest number.
Why?
Because 6 o'clock is a very tough hour.
In fact, we out of Kista Ground that we got him on air at 6 to 7.
It's still a tie, everybody.
7 to 8, we got a 1-8.
Yeah.
Because of that pantheid droppings.
Because there's no interest in pantheid droppings here.
Pantheid's not a one-night.
Any interest?
No.
Marty Hamill had any play and he's sitting on my lap.
Good check, boy.
Sorry, I called him Canadian.
Sorry, Marty.
Whatever do that again.
2.1 at 8 o'clock, so.
They got to do something to goose up that show in the morning.
Maybe like... maybe he's wearing a wrong hair piece that hour.
Because Geltie told me that he rotates from one hour to the next.
Huh?
He just spins it on his head.
He has a different piece for each hour in the morning.
It's like a mood ring.
Maybe it's reverse.
You wouldn't wear the same mood ring at 9 o'clock in the morning.
You'd wear a 6 o'clock in the morning, like right after people getting up.
So maybe if he would like reverse the mood rings at 9 o'clock,
we might be able to get at least a 3-share in there.
So we don't have to follow the next best thing, the dead air.
Come on, Mo.
Goose up the number in there.
When you're pleased, you silly old cout.
Give us a throw us a number.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Did you say your numbers went down when you were Toronto a little bit?
No.
Oh, I thought that was...
No, see, you're getting brainwashed by Tom Jic again, okay?
In fact, what do we have?
We had a gigantic...
Well, the month of November when I was in Toronto, we had a big month.
Oh, okay.
Let me ask you this.
Let me ask you this.
Does it sound different when I'm in Toronto doing the show?
No.
The only thing I was going to say was, you know, when you reach the top down here,
the current events and stuff, a lot of the stuff.
I can't believe George didn't tell you.
When you'd read it up there, it was like a day later.
We already knew what it was about down here.
A lot of those articles and stuff.
We like the election results that I was getting right off the Internet and was ahead of everybody else in town on it.
And it comes down to the added already.
A lot of them we knew already.
No, the Sun Sentinel didn't have it already.
See, because one thing about a newspaper, they print one edition.
And so the Sun Sentinel, like the Wednesday morning after the primary election,
they had nothing because they were still counting votes.
While I was reading it off the Internet, right off the state elections result, the website.
Why does it seem like I already knew about it.
I don't know where I was here at that moment.
Well, plus you don't have to worry about that anyway, because I'm not doing bedtime stories anymore.
So you don't have to worry about that.
Did you want to hear bedtime stories?
Yes, I do.
Oh, okay, well, goodbye.
What's he talking about?
He's trying to see if I'm, he's trying to plant the seed again.
If I'm not doing a show from right here, I'm out of touch with what's going on.
Like the morning, the stuff was going on on an alligator rally.
And we were talking about it giving, I was giving a play by play because I was watching it on CNN there in Toronto.
Just the same way you're watching it right here.
And just like the same way I was watching CNN in Amsterdam.
In most cases, 9 out of 10 cases, you had things on days before they hit the news down here.
Right.
If it was a national article.
How about the columns?
How about those columns?
Like, marine doubt that I would read the column on here one day.
And like two days later, which you're up on the local paper papers here, constantly.
Because those are syndicated newspaper columns that they pick up and they put in whatever the hell they feel like it.
In addition to which, if you really want to know what's going on, go to our website.
Carlos is doing a hell of a job.
In spite of what Eric says, Carlos is doing a damn good job every day.
During the week, weekend, weekend, we can't bother him on the weekend.
He's busy under the overpass.
Trying to clean things up over there.
But during the week Monday through Friday, you want to see what's going on.
I'll give you an example.
I'll go to it right now.
Give me a little preview of the stories, the bedtime stories that run theorangeers.com.
If you don't have a computer, if you can't afford a computer, then certainly you've got no business trying to figure out what's going on in the world.
Okay. You should be worried about it.
Germany won't back attack on Iraq.
Northwest Airlines, pilot of West Atlanta, LaGuardia, let's have loaded gun and carry on luggage.
FBI searches, Saudi families, former home and that's a steroid from the Palm Beach Post, which I did read.
Because it's damn important that nobody knew what that was going on with it.
The class president, journalist on WS campaign wrote that he had been admitted to the ELSA legacy.
At the Adi Adi Adi.
Kennedy accuses Bush of divisive policies.
A abortion battle at the crossroads.
Ritter case has ripple effect.
He's been accused of molesting underage girls.
Scott Ritter.
And there you go.
And also, if you want to go to CNN.com slash Wolf, you can see for yourself.
If you don't believe me, the result of that nationwide poll they took on CNN yesterday.
Worldwide poll, excuse me.
75% agree more with Senator Kennedy's views on Iraq than the president.
And in spite of my own political leanings, I guarantee you, Senator Kennedy, in one of the most popular figures in America.
How far from it?
Oh, but nevertheless, in this particular case, they're not too hasty to jump in there and suffer the consequences.
19 before 11 at 5.60 WQA.
Are you in need of current insurance?
Have you gotten tickets in the past or maybe had an accident?
Yes.
If you have bad credit, if you answered yes to any of these things, here's the number you ought to call to straighten it all on for you.
1-Trival 8-506-7283.
That's the number for Florida First Insurance.
They have the current insurance policy for everyone regardless of your past record.
They have load on payments.
You get the current insurance you need for as little as $35 per month.
Call them now, tool free at 1-Trival 8-506-7283.
Florida First Insurance offers free quotes to their family owned and operated with years of experience.
You deserve the current insurance you need but you need to call them now.
1-Trival 8-506-7283.
If you need home, life, health or commercial insurance, Florida First Insurance can get you covered.
And right now is a special promotion, stopped by any Florida First Insurance location, get a quote,
and you'll receive two free casino cruise passes, compliments the Las Vegas style marketing a $60 value, absolutely positively free.
That's right, call 1-Trival 8-506-7283.
Get a current insurance quote from Florida First Insurance and get yourself two free casino cruise passes at the same time.
Don't forget no matter what your car history record is, you have to call 1-Trival 8-506-7283.
That's Florida First Insurance for all your car insurance needs.
1-888-506-7283.
My, my, and local, this is Sports Radio 560.
You weigh in weigh.
Oh, R-O-N.
You call that a penis?
Yes.
I went through the Solicit party.
I was invited by the priest.
He said, come with me.
I have some friends to see back in the red diary.
When we got through the Solicit party, there were some other priests in the book.
Then he dropped his pants and said, be a good lad.
Your face I want a stuff.
And I realize now I didn't do very well.
You see, because the priest couldn't get all, so it had to please himself.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow
Yeah, I actually got aJustice course back
And Clinton's if arrows to believe everything we tell you
And the state run new Blood war and forth, forth bread
Fill up your escalade A roof and chainy bush venue
Back to the US state
We don't mind you see our cops go
A bad economy's good
We're fascinated by a chain
No, no, no, it's no stupid war
Welcome
All's now are in prison
The tax of arrested way
Everybody's earning five years
Like a US state
It's the liberal 3 at 5.60 W.Q.M. Tim Pots who leaves his name off his facts
Now but it's very obvious maybe I'll get like a new thing heading
Does he really think he's fooling us Tim Pots?
Your chronic Sam, your chronic, give you some help
He says if your PD had a brain
First of all, our PD doesn't decide about these schedules
Our PD is like an ice kid who's like a figurehead
He would put Mad Dog on 6 to 10
And I'm talking about a clearance down, not Muff
Muff is not a figurehead, he's well a head part maybe
He'd put Mad Dog on 6 to 10, you 10 to 2, 2 to 6
I think Mad Dog would be great leading for you
Even better than when you had Rick and Suds
It says please no Paul and Ron those guys are terrible
The only good thing that would come from having Paul and Ron on QM
Is that Zeta would start playing music in the morning and say
Well there you go and then of course you wouldn't be listening
And what's the way we want to have that Tim since you are so chronic
5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
And you were going with this time just remember back to those days
We had Ron Hershey running up and down the hallway there
Carolyn spinning around on that chair wondering what she was doing in there
Oh boy
Everybody talking about D-fo and his ankle bracelet?
And here we are now a year later
Yeah
Yeah exactly I'm just trying to let my brain set a little bit after thinking back to all of these things
Here's a call from Pembroke Park hello
Hey Neil how are you doing?
Yes sir pretty good
Hey I have a question for you, you're hearing him all of on is an elected official correct
Yeah why can't there be a recall on her?
There could but that takes too long you got all these elections these municipal elections coming up just a few weeks
And we don't have time for that
Oh okay
In addition to which it would cost money that wouldn't require another special election
The governor has got to power if you read the editorial from Saturday in the Sun Central
The governor has got the power to remove her for incompetence
But he won't do it because he's a political coward
Yeah well he wants votes for brother next to him
No he wants votes for himself and not for his brother next time for himself in 2008
Don't you understand they think it's going to be Bush one two and three here
Yeah
He bushes
All righty sir, private
Okay, thank you
See I mean David Leahy at Dave County who had been doing the thing for a very long time and a very poor job of it
He was pressured into resigning I don't see any white people marching in the county saying all it was a racial thing
David Leahy was white he was an Anglo therefore he was forced to resign
He was incompetent same thing in Broward no different
And when I take that back she's more incompetent
He just couldn't count the votes right he couldn't get it done right at least they didn't have all that money missing
That people can't account for
Oh how much is let's give her another three and a half million what do you say?
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
Let's call her sister maybe he can give us the answer
Huh?
I don't like her
She's a piece of work
Here's Miami hello
Yes good morning
Yes sir when is this?
Okay a couple of quick points of Maryam all the fun I can vote on the poll but definitely she's doing a terrible job
I have a reason why because my mom got blessed with the cheese and mouth of the cocka
She runs one of the polling places
She's a party right and she shouldn't really be there
If I don't come at the end of the night to help her close up and you know close the boxes and put the the clasps on and everything
Right she couldn't do it even with all the other old folks around her
Yeah
I'm curious I realized that the state is run by old folks but where is it written in the law that you must be over the age of 100 to be a poll worker why is that necessary?
Yeah and another thing with that I really truly believe that this whole thing with all the font and bush now is being orchestrated a little further north up in Washington
Because like you said they want the 90th bush one to and for absolutely
I think Carl Roe was behind this because I don't think Jeb could decide and really got me sick to my stomach when this Josephus Eggleton, the other commission
And they gave them a standing ovation with bush and I really think that Martin Luther King would be spinning in his grave
To have bush compared with him when they preaches put up and say that bush is the same as King because he dares to be different
You know it's getting a little ridiculous people looking thankful on color lines as you wish is black is this that?
We're all in the same boat together
It really takes a lot of intelligence to do that too you know it really takes a thoughtful approach as opposed to just sitting down and looking at the job somebody has done regardless of all those other synthetic artificial considerations that have nothing to do with anything
Are we to really believe that there are no black people who are incompetent that there are no Hispanic people who are incompetent
If somebody can't do the job then get especially something as important as elections then they've got to be removed
Well that's not happening here and you're one of the few voices out there that speak the truth and I don't know if you read this already if you did this as one of your bedtime stories
It was probably in Monday's times but did you read William Sapphire? Old trust bus is now trust truckers?
No
Well just real quick you're talking about you won't find the movie nominated for an Oscar with a heroin fighting to expose the dominance of media conglomerates and the distribution of entertainment
You won't find television magazine programs fearlessly exposing the broadcast class
Oh yeah we did have that we had the article on our website
Okay I'm just saying because I just noticed it you know and yesterdays yeah can we put on that phone
But it's just amazing 96 115 stations and now two of those old of 1,400 right that's why we're not getting anything
Thank you
Have a great day
Yeah we had that on our website on neo-rages com see I'd be a lot happier but of course most people don't read newspapers
So why would we read the stories on our on our website but we got some damn good stuff on there every day
Now granted you can go to like a million other websites and find those things but that's what we see the probably the time and effort of doing
Right it's a nice collection
If it's a nice collection of good stuff which is geared toward the majority of our audience who are hopefully living and breathing people
With a viewpoint that's somewhere slightly to the left of a till of the hunt and you don't have to get ink all over your fingers
Exactly or go out and stop on a street corner and run into somebody and knock him over while you try to buy a newspaper
It's time and it's after a lot of don't forget that boy this I tell you I feel maybe it's still the effect of that must be the rug lock
The sugar rush I find out how to make the show go by real fan
Little sugar rush man do the sugar shocker routine course I get home I blood sugar is 350 but nevertheless
Oh and look at that what the hell is that all about?
It's a fire alarm the fire alarm is I'm evacuated oh it just went off just stopped
This this place is unbelievable
There was a lady from FedEx or Airborne Express one of those brought a package for Carlos freaky Carlos yesterday as I was leaving
And she punched the button for the elevator and I said to her I said hold your breath you know because and we got in the elevator
I said you see the permits that's on there I wonder how much it cost you know how much they've had to pay these people off to get the permit and elevator
There is nothing in this building that works we can we just had a momentary a fart on the
Fire alarm and I see the light was flashing in there everything I thought somebody just scored a goal
Hey there's somebody just scored a goal or the periods over or it's time for a break
Maybe that's going to be the new thing if we don't do the break exactly on time maybe the water Nazis outside would have buttoned
Oh there it goes again see told you let's evacuate
It just stopped as soon as you as soon as you went it just stopped 10 past 11 and 5 or maybe that was a
Message to try to wake up Todd Dreck and let her know we need the right copy for faster and that won't work he's oblivious
Okay and around here they call them oblivious Newton John totally oblivious where there's no feeling there's no pain
All you guys out there if you're sick and tired of working on a really crappy dead end job and out that the new year is in full swing
Do yourself a big favor for the new year and for the rest of your life and get you a great job at a computer industry
That's right a high-paying computer job and how do you do that you get trained as fast trained
Fast train has got locations all over town you find them in Pember Pines in Kendall Miami for Lauderdale and
Make 2003 say I mean this this is useless okay in fact if Todd direct don't get us the right copy tomorrow just crossing it out
Because this is these people are good friends of ours is no way to where we're gonna charge them when we don't have the right copy for fast train because
Todd rest just an asshole that's all he's just an asshole I want to his job and nobody in a building I'll make him do his job
He's just a little piece of crap that I wouldn't send out to represent the goddamn tidible man anyway if you're overworked
That phone to call fast-trained toll free just for sure months you can be certified and ready for a dream job a high-paying job in the fast growing computer industry
Call 866 fast-trained that's toll free 1 866 fast-trained for or check them out in the web if you like it fast-trained.com
Fast train South Florida's leader and computer training
5 and a local this is 560
The radio's on your side
QAM
That's two sets of lips
I still have each to send me to fall
No more freedom for my phone
Yeah I guess the system finally won
They got you for selling dope
Sell me
Just go down the slope you'll be popular with risen I hand-locked out
Once they like you won't be won't go down
Back them
I
Dio's my life
I'm 17 at 560 WQ have a lot of response and I'd suggestion I thought I had the magic format right there. I love it
Mo and Geltie 6 to 9 such as it is a mad dog 9 to 11 yours truly we do the show 11 to 3
Hang 3 to 7 and the rest you know according to oil fits nice I think it makes a lot of sense to me
I think as usual not that anybody will listen to me including the audience
I think right there that's the solution to our dilemma as opposed to me having to pay like some kind of penance
For what I don't know for being a crusty old fart to try to salvage their problems you know
See I don't I don't buy that I in my life I just it doesn't make any sense to me what you do you should rest on your own merit not trying to
Like a lift everybody else by their bootstrapped that doesn't make any sense to me because the way it works in this business if somebody likes
Whoever they'll listen to him sunny Fox if they like sunny Fox these on shortwave somewhere they'll listen to him
Is he on shortwave ought to be but you know I'm saying yeah I can't force feed and site for the off and all this other crap you got what you got
Here's for Lauderdale hello
What is it?
Hey, no I called for some information yeah hey about champion light haven't heard spots
Yeah, well good. Well why should call them up and see why not call a PD Lenny and see why you haven't heard any spots
Here's a lady in sunrise. Hello
Leave you in sunrise is gone you had her on here for about an hour and a half twice. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi. Hi
I'm Sharon. Mr. Rogers about the puppy. We were sharing Sharon. Let me let me say this to you. Okay Sharon. I don't want to be rude
But I have tried to help you as much as I possibly can
And you know we and we have a radio show to do here Sharon
I'm a dog lover greatly as you know I've done as much as I possibly can but I think that if we're going to carry this on every day it's going to become
Ridiculous. No it's not going to be every day. I did we just brought you pitches of the puppies being treated in the hospital
Right. We did have to take them back home to treat them at home because the funding ran out. Right. And they are still they still need a little more medical attention
We dropped the pitches off to you yesterday. I don't know if you had time to look at them. Not yet. Not yet. Okay. I'm really I'm sorry. Okay Sharon don't do it again. Thank you. Okay. I mean am I wrong? No we talked about it. I mean I just I don't want to sound insensitive but I'm doing a radio show here and I'm very very sensitive to that thing
I do my damnedest to try to help because I'm a dog lover but it just reaches the point. I mean how much more am I going to dole out or are you going to do it?
And especially in your case and the fire alarm continues going off here is anybody going to let us know what the hell is going on? Are they testing it? Are they diddling with it? Are they dicking with it? Have they paid off the fire inspector because they had to pay off the elevator inspector first?
I mean would somebody please tell us what is going on in this joint? You think anybody's going to tell us? No who the hell are you?
Good point. That's another thing at least in Toronto we don't have all these fire alarm. See when we got a fire alarm in my building up there it's none of this pansy business like here.
Sounds like the world is kind of coming. Sounds like those alerts they had during WW2 in Britain. Loud screaming screeching sirens and you just sit there you know mining your own business.
Assuming that probably is just a false alarm and if not you're dead anyway. 5 6 7 0 I'm going to get to the Enrique's fill. Let me forget that because it involves your favorite anachronoholya.
With her tree trunk. Sure she's being neglected by him. Well he claims I want to tip my hand on it. Oh he's wearing kind of like a lovely little what do you call a schmotton is it?
Yeah. In fact here rivals the Julie were men. Yomaka. That's the don't forget that's one of the great websites of all time. I saw that somewhere on TV.
If they made me was on MSNBC was cute. What is it called?
Bini man Joe. Bini Mac Joe Bini.com. No that's not it. I got it here somewhere. I hope I didn't smit can that I'll find it.
It's a lovely thing Joe mama. Joe mama. No seriously what was it it was Joe Bini.com I do believe Joe Bini go check it out.
Now you put that Sharon on again from a more of a show is her. I'm saying put her on one more time. How's the beast doing? Here's Miami hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey I hope you're doing well. Okay. Hey just got two two issues I wanted to talk about.
First one is I was really upset with Pepsi last night I thought about to do a new commercial with the eyes bars which happened to like the eyes.
I don't. My issue with them is how are you going to you're going to get me out of the little Chris for the things that he says but it's okay for I the in Sharon and all the things that they say.
Yeah. Well fair enough setting but anyways that's the racial thing is that what you're saying? No no no no you know what I am a brother but I don't want to get down on all our racial stuff.
I think I think you're a mother. I should be out. You know I'm not talking about. I'm. Another thing I wanted to ask you about was I watched some of American Idol 2 on the small girl commercials and stuff like that but my issue is I don't understand you know like I respect you as a gay man and you know you're a man and you don't go throughout that
and I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not talking about that. I'm not
talking about that.
he's got a good point but nevertheless in fact it's interesting you should
mention that because it was a fact magazine the advocate or out magazine which
I just got yesterday uh... there was a lot of about that encouraging people to
be what they are
in other words if you're flamboyant and that's you and you have a but i i just don't
have a stomach you go girlfriend no
just like when i go out there and he's talking about soons and luchi kuchi kuchi
and about tanny pay he is you know i just i don't have room in my life a
professional can they help it no
no no i can't it's just them
it's just them it's just like it's like jg walk around good times you know
it's just him
well i see your laughing
what's good for right right i mean is he represent is he represent a good
image for black people i don't think so
in fact you know
seriously stop and think about it here it's two thousand and three and look at
most of the black characters on cift coms in the movies
the most of the black people are represented represent good upstanding i mean
you've got people like uh... was a great black actors like uh... what's the
potty no no no talking about ancient history i'm talking about now
then sell the then so wash it
what's the other guy that's really good the older guy
that's another cop movies you always play a clever
there's another one is a good he's an older guy cop was always plays a
but i mean those are guys who like represent a something that you can admire
you know more people more more than freeman that's what i'm thinking about
very good right he's a great actor yeah uh he's just a good guy
he doesn't have any special affectations he doesn't do it in a misanand
he'd answer shuffle or a that crap right and it's why the stuff when he's NFL
players uh... you know i don't see some people don't realize people are laughing
at them they're not laughing with them they're laughing at them so when he's
guys do all of that crap in the end zone and they're doing all this i mean
man it's just i'm embarrassed for people when they start doing that crap that is
the ugliest stereotype you know
yeah you don't think yeah but i don't watch it so i don't care
and i want to see this is the problem you live in such a narrow sheltered
world for christmas it wants jock stuff not the whole world lives in hollywood
florida but your old cockers man good and she calls me about some old
cockers bangles uh... you know that's a that's your say i feel bad because i
wish i was like independently wealthy i write a check for ten thousand dollars
say here whatever you need for these dogs at whatever's left over keeping for
the next batch you know that's much of the kind of worms that this could be
opening
because if we know that it's it's just continues to it to go on and on me how
don't you find it to be a little bit insensitive not to know how one is stop
pushing like the seeds in that record your push into hard
i'm more than delighted to help and i thought i did you know a generous thing
and so did you for a slipper like you but that's that's as much as we can do
and i suppose to feel guilty that you know they're gonna be puppies that are
gonna die
you're gonna be four out of the day people are gonna die because they're
that are starving to death four hours every day referring people to uh... the
needy
giving them the attention that they need
dogs what are you talking about
if we hear about every one of those calls
that would be is that what we're doing start next week
i thought we're talking about our morning show talking about needy
as a need some listeners
there's a charity two one
a two point one share at eight o'clock
i'd be i'd be wailing all over town to have a
what are we gonna do
i'd be glad to be where
even just a stranger's i'd walk up to people in the market
what about the two we got a two one
like that
you know
when you
uh...
man i'd be like real nervous
especially if i was married now like a little kid
or two little kids
well it's a little anymore
how she doing by the way
she's great
she's a friend of the other
the other one
she's all and by the way channel four news which i must admit i'm stuck i
watch in channel four news nobody else does somebody's got to i really enjoy
it except for early red regas
they had another story on about this lawyer
in the gables that's uh...
what was uh... filing a lawsuit for custody suit for the zraelian baby that
doesn't exist
luckily nobody else in the media got sucked in that you people a channel for
i enjoy your news for some strange reason i like Steve wulford and a
chick that's on with them
and i love that so far good post-part i'm even willing to put up with the weather
fairy
but i mean come on
come on enough ralian stories already okay
we're getting ready to blow up the whole guy damn world and they're still doing
stories on the ralians
and they call it people
and the cut off your nuts people and they putting people
here you need a car insurance if you got tickets in the past and we had an accident
you have bad credit uh... uh... uh... well if you have to do any of these
things that here's the number you have to be calling one triple eight five oh six seventy two eighty three
that's the number four florida first insurance they have the car insurance policy plan for everybody
regardless of your past record
they've got a low down payments you get the car insurance you need for as little as thirty five bucks a month
column right now one eight eight five oh six seventy two eighty three florida first insurance offers free
quotes their family on an operated they've been around doing it right by people for years
you deserve the car insurance you need so call them now one triple eight five oh six
seventy two eighty three if you needed insurance for your home life insurance health
commercial insurance florida first insurance can get you covered
and right now is a special promotion stop by any florida first insurance location
get a quote and you receive two free casino cruise passes compliments of Las Vegas
down marketing a sixty dollar value absolutely free by the way for that guy to call before
i'm in Toronto
freeze in my ass off that's right call one triple eight five oh six seventy two eighty three
to get car insurance quote from florida first insurance get two free casino cruise passes
that'll be my double be at the hockey game tonight
so don't forget no matter what your car history record is call one triple eight
five oh six seventy two eighty three that's florida first insurance for all your car insurance needs
column now one triple eight five oh six seventy two eighty three
five oh six eighty three
we're supporting you five cc
you a m
bastard
tonight on mbc from the creators of smallville comes a new series where the men are a little more
manly and the women are a little bit more satisfied mediumville and i'm going to be straight
up with you i am very attracted to you you know what say we uh
adjourned at a bedroom well i guess mediumville the new tv series about the average guy with
average dreams and an average life followed by hugeville where the men are men and the
women are jelly Martha i gotta tell you something i love you
well i get oh my god mediumville Tuesdays at nine followed by hugeville on mbc's
must see tv 27th on the five sixty wqa m three hundred eighty three votes on a pool today what's
your take on brow adlexion supervisor merriam all of that she's totally incompetent should be
fired two hundred eighty five seventy four point four percent who was merriam all of that sixty two
people sixteen percent of the audience said who now that is she's the victim of a racist campaign
twenty six people six point seven percent said that nonsense or answer and ten people said she's
doing a good job two point six percent the new to good job they probably live in steward and reek
a spills and boo shokker this is from the inquired the globe like i said nice picture of Enrique by
the way nice headgear pop star Enrique a glazed is a hard-trobbed a million the teenage girls makes
bundles of bucks and dates sexy tennis queen anacorn a hoya but all he does is wine and belly ache
about how lousy his life is amazingly the twenty seven year old senior claims he's so wound up he
takes sleeping pills with a beer just as new say reports i don't relax and i can't sleep he
reportedly says i have to take sleeping pills which i swallow with a beer to even get in a couple
of hours of sleep he swallows it most of his problems in reek a claims our link to his dad hulio
no kind of our hulio here who happens to be a really good guy no uh... our link to his dad hulio
the fifty nine-year-old pruner was practically a god in spain in latin america
and reek a says he's only spoke to his father twice in the past seven years
he bitterly complains that hulio was worth an estimated five hundred million dollars
was a cheap skate with him when he was growing up and never looked at a figure to help
him with his career in spain if you have the agglatius name they put you down as a spoiled rich
kid he complains but my father's never given me a single penny i went to a rich kid school in
Miami that the kids drove Mercedes or Porsche's i had a crummy car
awww i got an extra corvette and reek a
and even though his dad owns a private jet and reek a says he had to fly coach when he traveled
later when he went to a lady kickoff his singing career i didn't have any money says i had to
stay with a friend
even now the hard-bodied hunk says even now the hard-bodied hunk says his music is
his popular as it could be in countries where his dad is worshipped
i try and find countries where nobody cares who my family as he says
and while in reek a his fans believe he now there's a glamourous sexy life and has a romance
with blonde bombshell anna he says the image is a sham now we're getting close to the truth
yeah are we believe in this here we're already i feel very lonely he says my friends get all the
girls lonely as and success go together he said get let's something out he can't think for sh**
are you gonna start it on my friend and reek again i'll never get another autographed cd if you
keep that up he loves me he hates you yeah he's out of you cubans man he's into those spaniards
fine but well he's lonely maybe he'd like to come over here and i'll help him out that'll help
edit yeah she ain't interested in what you got okay mister she ain't interested breathe shannon
back i think she'd like shannon a lot and you can watch baby i could help
you're out joy five six seven oh five sixty five sixty one the eight t and t and
Verizon wireless line what you won't see on tv Joe millionaire exposed says the uh star
the shocking gay scandal his lifelong illness and why women hate him like poison just like the way
you know uh mowa's hated by uh what's his name fat Hank let's see out of sight out of mind he's
imported he gets fat it says you want reality star has the real inside story on Joe millionaire
hotty Evan myriad why is everybody a hotty that's on television he's about his hottest last
years uh pancakes and it's wilder than anything you'll see on a hitbox series these six foot five
hunk hasn't been honest with the girls buying for his hand on the show they think he's a millionaire
but in real life he's a construction worker an underwear model although there are other stories
another tabloid saying that's all a shampoone he's really loaded right probably loaded with crap
he's also kept in dark about the fiery temper and attention deficit disorder that made him a
hell razor in school and the fact that he's vetted more women than surda and cilly posture pete combined
maybe we can get him a new dollar mattress but that's not all about the twenty year old that
isn't being straight about buff Evan is a pin-up boy for gay men who have flooded the on the
internet without rages claims that he worked as a gay escorted advertising gay publications as
a msur star doesn't know if the gay rumors are true or not but one anonymous man on internet
site that caters to gays says he and Evan had sex at a party in LA over a year ago another one
claims i had sex with him he also went with a Latino guy how do you like that you know
he's probably spreading these rumors oh we're fine Dan Stewart who said that Josh Moore was
going to be sitting naked across from me any minute now we haven't seen him yet plus he got
mirrored since then has got about sixteen kids just to prove he's straight you know what's that
that always happens to these these celebrities who are always a little bit suspect you know like roblo
tom cruise
josh moron they get married very just all the abruptly like in the middle of the day like you know
130 on a weekday when nobody's around and all of a sudden like by the end of the week they got six
kids even rosy in that bitch don't have as many as kids as they got that's an oh Bill Clinton
after his secret orgy with the baby of your models I don't know what else you want look at that
picture of your Hillary right there huh look at that picture if that any of the ice process right
there with anybody with a brain touch that piece of crap and persimmon man Bill Clinton in sex
therapy it says in the inquire only in the inquire no less and exclusive let's hear it out for
the national inquire which we love like crazy privatized bond price every time do what I'm doing
like everybody I know does for David's a bitch
do
to
cell mouthful of the sora Central
That pipe smoker ran on psychomsize cute women and gauging a fake-a-let-dead.
I'm a cranky homo-fold, not that I mind it but I'm way too old.
I bet the size of feeling bad and atrist with feed-loons my man friend.
I'll kiss it make up with generous of day and then ask them to break my fun.
Now they're nover again.
Though I would not feel the most old and I would not be ashamed about a ginger and more gay union
just bold and then stroking away.
Boy, baby, can we you're not my type?
No!
Just sound like a nine-year-old kid.
Hey!
Only a macho-fitting guy.
You don't know this!
That makes me flip my wig.
If ginger was a lover of mine, I'd bury my oldest baby nose.
Inside is pimply re-rend-de-de-de-de-de-dead.
No, I would not be a sport-old if I was not a clause of the fate.
That's why a ginger and more gay union would make me feel gizzy and gay.
Everybody follow my thousand bulls!
Yeah, ginger and more gay union would make my sore old pony hair still sing.
If we had a ginger and more gay union, then he wouldn't have to get me raped.
It's 13 to 2560 WDQAM.
All I can do is to battle with the pirates raiders on a three-time super bowl chain.
You know, it's been tremendous.
Well, the buck and ears are pirates too, so we have to battle with the pirates.
That's kind of cute.
And John Grewden going back out to the open to kick their ass.
I say, let's go buck!
Let's go buck!
Raiders suck.
I just don't like the raiders.
I used to like the raiders 100 years ago in the old AFL and had Daryl Amanaka.
And all those great players that were fantastic.
Those were exciting days.
The old AFL would have scored used to be like 59 to 48 things like that.
That was an exciting football.
But nevertheless, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound, 5, 6, the only AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Wait till we're going to see those billboards in a few weeks, George Den.
Then we're going to be moving around the corner.
Then we're going to see some serious progress.
Of course, we might have to postpone those for a while because now that we got all these program changes, you know, all these moving around.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
I could listen to those mobs all day long.
Yeah.
That's Bokobrines' best work.
Let me ask you, maybe that's an idea for a format.
All day, the moe, we hear the moe we like it.
Well, let me ask you this.
Wouldn't it be cool to set those mobs to animation?
Yeah.
That would be funny.
Like, you mean like with a hair piece floating from one side to the other?
I can see that happening.
Yeah, in part two.
Like, I always picture Goldie like a little like two foot tall.
Yeah.
And then like a big hour, big fat hour.
Uh-huh.
Anyway, that morning chose an abortion and I'll tell you why.
Go ahead.
You know why Mandage does so well?
Actually, I just assumed he does well.
He does very well.
Okay.
Because two hours is all you need of sports.
I mean, that's...
Oh.
Oh, we finally found somebody out here that understands what life is all about.
Oh my god.
I mean, look, I listen to Mandage.
I'm a sports fan.
But you know, you get the sports headlines.
You get what's going on.
You get a few comments here and you're done.
And that's what you get your sports sticks for the day.
But you know, in fact, I mean...
Well, not only that, but Mandage doesn't take it all out seriously.
He's an entertainer.
He's a hoot.
He's a river and he's funny as hell.
And people love him because of his personality.
Not because he's sitting there talking about the same sports nerd stuff day after day.
And dissecting the same game inside of him.
When I heard yesterday morning, now that I'm monitoring that morning, she'll come to work.
When I heard that Moe had...
I don't know if you heard about it.
Had watched the end of the Hurricanes Ohio State Game again on tape over the day.
Over the past weekend, I thought to myself,
man, I mean, giving new meaning to that expression, get a life.
How much longer could you possibly beat that out of the ground?
Yesterday was the 21st of January.
That game was played weeks ago and still rehashing the end of that game in the bad interference call.
Oh, my God.
I was so well put.
I was thinking the same thing.
I didn't even...
Geldie, I think, was taking it back and kind of gave him a little lashing.
Why were you watching that again?
Well, let me ask you something.
Howard Stern used to do like six of them sevens, didn't he?
Six of them sevens. Howard Stern's got a 10-share.
Well, you got 10-share now, but like when he first came in, you know,
he was doing six of them sevens when you guys had the old morning show on.
Let me put it this way, okay?
Very seriously.
Howard Stern, Ron and Paul Onzeta and Moe in the morning.
You know, people can talk about all the stiff competition there in the morning.
There really isn't a lot of competition anymore in the morning in this market.
There used to be, back when he had a lot of morning shows,
when Sonny Fox was on and Tanner was on and even Joey Reynolds was on and Buu Del.
There were eight million different shows with personalities that people knew about.
There really isn't that much on in the morning anymore.
There's just not like real heavy stiff competition, at least for English language radio.
No, just one thing.
Hey, can I make one comment about Miri Mollafant?
Go ahead.
I would just say that this whole business is the reason why I think a lot of companies are afraid to hire black people.
There's no question about that.
We had the same situation that I wanted to mention in names at the WIOD under Paxton.
We had a woman working there who was eminently incompetent and she used to make a point of going around saying,
boy, they ever try to get me out of here.
I'm going to sue their ass and they knew it.
And they knew it.
They knew that once they had hired her and with her attitude, she had a job for life.
And I mean, that's just unacceptable.
Was she on there?
No.
You would know who it is, nor would I tell you.
Have a great day.
Thanks.
You know who I'm talking about.
George knows who I'm talking about.
He ain't telling you either.
But I mean, you talk about an attitude.
Man, I mean, just hostile.
Like, you used to have to redo her work every day.
Every day.
Every single day because she didn't have a clue what she was doing.
They don't confuse her with the facts because she's using her race as a weapon.
That's just not acceptable.
It was the software.
Remember the software was bad.
Yeah, software, I think, is the operative word.
Here's North Miami Beach, hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
Yes, my God.
Listen, I have got a question for you.
I've heard the numbers now since I guess the riots you've been given them out or whenever
I was when I was first conscious.
Right.
And that's when I started listening to you, I guess.
You were conscious on Friday?
Well, I was 12.
Yeah.
Now the riots in Miami, like in the 80s.
Oh, the riots, I thought you said the numbers.
I didn't know what you were talking about.
I'm talking about the numbers.
You've been given out the numbers for a long time.
But I don't really know what they mean.
Who questions for you?
Well, for example, if we have, let's say, a 6.8, like in the 10 o'clock hour, we have
a 6.8 here.
That's 6.8% of the people are listening to radio at that time.
Whatever demographic we're talking men 25 to 54, which is our demo that our target
demographic.
So at 6.8% of the people are listening to radio at that time.
Okay.
Now let me ask you a question.
What is the minimum number you need?
Because there used to be a lot of guys on in the morning.
And all those guys made a pathway decent living.
And they were doing whatever they had to do to get an audience.
And there really isn't anyone on the radio anymore in the morning that makes any sense.
Especially if I've gotten older, you know.
I mean, I used to listen to you.
I haven't listened to you for 20 years.
So if I've gotten older, I've listened less for, you know, you bring me.
I'm kind of numb to all of it, you know.
It's like they say nobody really cares much anymore.
They don't.
So it's easy to be a fan of Howard because you're not going to be able to do that.
Howard Stern.
Oh, Howard Stern.
Make sure you tell me which Howard you're talking about.
He's accessible, you know, to me.
I'm going to listen to the radio anyways.
And now I'm more interested in things like, you know, women kissing each other and all the things that they put on.
Listen, I don't listen to him and I have no interest in what he's doing.
But I have to tip my head.
I mean, this guy, he's just, he's got a cult following up there.
I mean, when you got a 10-year-in just about every major market in the country,
what can you say, negative, even though I think he used to be a hell of a lot more entertaining
and a lot funnier, but you can't knock him because he's got enormous numbers and he continues doing it.
He's very predictable and predictability is something people like, you know.
That's why we like George.
He's predictably growing, you know, and we love him.
Right.
But he mumbles in a very predictable way.
What's the minimum number you would need to be successful someone?
What do you say, what do you say, what do you say, what do you say, what do you say, what do you say, David, need to get?
A life.
Well, I understand.
I mean, if he's rewatching, if he's rewatching replays of the Ohio State, my any game still, I would say a life would be good.
Listen, you're on a four-gradio.
You're on a four-gradio.
Why do you want to sports radio channels?
Because you reach everyone.
It's accessible and easy for you.
I'm on a sports radio channel because they offered me a lot of money to come over here and do this show.
And we've gotten them gigantic numbers for five years, and we make them a lot of money.
And that's the reason.
You know, if this station would stop hanging onto this all sports business all day and say that,
and even the slogan pisses me off, you know, I'm in the car listening, all sports radio, we're not all sports radio.
Sports and entertainment radio, if they would even make that 10-session, just say sports and they consider that for about 10 seconds one day, four or five years ago, and they've never done that.
It's almost like we're the black sheep of the family.
We don't exist.
They just put up with us because we make them so much money and get big numbers.
They're siphoning up all day long.
It's easy for you to be there. They've made it comfortable.
Look, I don't want you to be in this town any longer than you have to be.
This place is garbage.
It is.
You can smell it.
But there's maybe Carlos just cut one.
What would somebody have to do to be consider successful?
Because apparently...
You've got to get good numbers, man.
You've got to get five, six shares, at least a five, four or five share.
That would say it would be a minimum.
Whatever your target demo is, you've got to have a four or five share consistently.
One rating book doesn't make or break somebody's career, but you have to do it consistently.
Anybody can come in.
Remember radio smeg moment?
They came out with the disco stuff.
For a few months and I predicted it, I was right.
A few months, that was the rage.
A few months later, the numbers were in the crapper.
Now they're WMIB.
They even change the call.
Just being popular or doing a big number for a month or two means nothing.
They should have launched the disco station when the BG died.
There he is.
Well, let's come out.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
What could he talk about?
He's probably still talking about it.
He was a nice guy.
He's been listening for 100 years, which we appreciate.
But, man, you know, I was never interested in women kissing each other until Howard.
That wasn't the point.
He just said he talks about the kind of stuff that you might be interested in.
Why are you so anti-hours that I'm not in Howard.
Anybody named Howard.
You were like, see, if Howard David would have just changed his name to like Ted David.
Oh, there's already one of those.
Are like Joe David.
There, Joe David.
You would probably like him better.
You just had this anti-hours thing.
You didn't think that was a silly line.
What?
You know, for listening to Howard, now I'm more interested in women kissing each other and stuff like that.
That's not what he said.
That's exactly what he said.
But that was a flip.
I don't want to hear it again.
Why are you such a no wonder people just like you intensely.
You're such a nitpicker.
He was a good guy.
So he made his slip of the tongue.
He didn't express himself as articulately as you can.
Okay?
We all appreciate the fine job of mumbling around you doing a summertime.
We got good numbers in there compared to the rest of this cramp plate.
And I'd say that all the time.
What's that I mean to you?
I'd say you to critique this poor guy.
This guy was a nice guy.
He's been listening for 100 years and now you're trying to alienate him.
I'm trying desperately to hang on to anybody.
I'm just at the end of a long, long, much too long career.
I'm trying to hang on by my thumbs.
I'm following a show that's like the test pattern.
And you're like knocking my people off there.
I want you to apologize to him.
See, he won't do it.
He won't do it, sir, because he's a prick.
Rams would speak.
He just won't do it.
And Rams would dick too.
Oh, by the way, don't forget Duff Show this weekend.
It's 1157.
If I...
We got that noon to one comedy, but it's our thank god, because I'm exhausted arguing with you.
And I think that other guy to call this right, too.
You don't stop talking for a minute.
Am I right, Carlos?
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh.
You're getting worse than...
Rimmer.
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh
Or they will not bring any more roles for Fat Rich under penalty of death.
This Saturday, January 25th, this family fun night starting at 7pm with three-minute-year
horse rides, free popcorn for the kids, free face painting and a magic show at 7.30pm,
plus free drawings for kids to be in a mini-horse race.
There will be live music, a real racehorse on display, and trainers talking about equipment
racing and answering your questions about harness racing.
And when I say free live music, Gary Puckett and the Union Jam will not be at Poppano Park
thank goodness.
So come off from evening or great horse racing action.
Root Home of Winter from the rail future software private box seat on the fourth floor.
Enjoy Ben and Jerry's hot-foot Sunday with Slice over Roastello's pizza.
Every Wednesday like the night is dawdling night at Poppano Park and you can get draft for
your hot-dog several large principal popcorn on the bucket piece.
Also a great all you can eat buffet in the fourth floor players lounge, only 10 to 95
per person every racing night, and don't forget my favorite event all the software
that you free spaghetti dinner at Poppano Park and another one coming up on Monday
February 3rd in a couple of weeks.
Poppano Park with full-card cymbal casting every day seven days a week starting at noon.
Lots of action don't forget live racing 715 night at Poppano Harness on Powerline Road
of Black South of Atlantic Boulevard.
My and local carrier sports radio five 60s you and you AM.
The State Goldstein for Duke and Goldney's LZ.
Whenever I'm in town I listen to, wait a minute I am in town.
It's the 12 to 1 hour.
That!
John Aaron the taxi driver driver central park.
He looked at me so quisically, I could tell he was in a dock.
So I acted out my pop charade and with my arms the trees I made.
There's no bug speaks English and I'm on.
I went down to my home and weach weather with nice and sunny.
I walked into a liquor store but it got their talks real fun.
I asked him for a pint of whole gym beamies as nont the end of what doesn't mean.
The bus is English and I'm on.
That's the corner deli.
Hell I think I'm in Pakistan speak English melee.
Or you can go back to the LARRA.
I came here many years ago and learned my ABC.
I don't say much is grossiest.
I say pretty pretty shit.
So get yourself to a classroom quick you're an American now stop making me sick.
You know but I speak English.
We back who wants to marry a multi millionaire and who wants to be a princess.
But now Fox is asking the question that is burning in the minds of everyone who wants
to f**k against the rapper.
Fox television along with BET and Evan magazine.
Present the two hour extravaganza who wants to f**k against the rapper.
We've scoured the country to come up with 20 of the most fly bootylicious biatches
and we're putting them all on one stage.
I got what you want being with me and our rap door.
You won't want to miss this historic television event featuring performances by outcast
and master pin and hosted by the legendary show night who wants to f**k against the rapper
coming this November to Fox.
So the story that rock bum beech in the world.
Uncle Ted dude throwing some boxer shorts let's cruise a bar and rage with some babes.
Excellent.
Our money for women and who in tech.
Uncle Ted dude let's use our int of the slash name to impress these babes and do the
wall thing in the contimes.
No way Bill.
That's way Ted.
Excellent.
They're rich, they're powerful.
They like this women naked.
William gonna be smitten.
Then Ted Kennedy and Bill and Ted's ex-boy adventure are two of the next genitalia.
Excellent.
Coming soon to appear to be you.
We're the next for Excellent.
Coming soon to appear to be you.
Coming soon to appear to be you.
Coming soon to appear to be you.
Coming soon to appear to be you.
Coming soon to appear to be you.
Coming soon to appear to be you.
Coming soon to appear to be you.
Coming soon to appear to be you.
Coming soon to appear to be you.
Coming soon to appear to be you.
Coming soon to appear to be you.
Coming soon to appear to be you.
Coming soon to appear to be you.
Coming soon to appear to be you.
Coming soon to appear to be you.
Coming soon to appear to be you.
Coming soon to appear to be you.
You're doing great.
You're doing great.
You're doing great.
Oh yeah, you talk about different icons.
One is exploited his own people.
One is exploited his own people.
One is exploited his own people.
One is exploited his own people.
One is exploited his own people.
One is exploited his own people.
One is exploited his own people.
One is exploited his own people.
He's married for the fifth time.
All the wedding and all the traditional stuff.
By the way, the something blue was hoping to try to...
What if something all...
What you done.
If I ask you to dance, just for fun, would you hop on my back?
Very.
Darling, please, make me feel fine, would you invade my whole life?
Would you tremble if I touch your lips?
Would you laugh if I hugged your hands?
Now I just die if you do the thing I love, by invading my world.
Welcome.
Oh!
I know I might miss you so much, baby.
If you could find the K and Y, if we'd dance, would you unbuckle my parts?
Okay.
Would you cry if I held my butt high?
Okay.
Oh, darling, please, make me feel fine.
And just invade my whole life.
All right.
Oh, please invade my whole life.
She longed when she played every match.
She played school and loved she does his scratch.
I loved she so hard and so in honor of me.
Well, I get this things from her Russian baby with her own city law.
Well, she has no goal, the gates have a wrong and the way it seems, she slept with whole hockey teams.
Now I get this things from her.
I'm a corner of a sky.
I lick the mold under my right eye.
She's a stinky, famous player.
Yeah.
But I get this things from her.
I get lost all six from her.
Well, I know my sister all my life.
That is why she's now my wife.
And I think my son may know it's true.
He's my nephew too.
Well, my daddy is my uncle.
Joe, my mother is my dear Aunt Floyd.
It is very plain to see you.
My first cousin is me.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
You're going to be a big company.
Hey.
Hey.
It's an asshole celebration and they're all out on the street.
See them on the sidewalk over here, let them shuffle their beat.
There's 20,000 assholes doing assholes from the maid.
Step aside, good people, let the assholes operate.
We've got the assholes for freedom, the assholes for fun.
The assholes for Jesus, the assholes for guns.
The assholes for justice, the assholes for crime.
The assholes for assholes, the assholes for all crime.
We've got assholes making money, we've been making all the rules.
We've taken all our jobs, and they're filling up our school.
The assholes on the water, the assholes on the sky.
The signs are sent to help warn it, and the assholes need to fly.
Oh, teach you all to tell me, and I really make the grave.
To my health, my class, or am I just another asshole on the grave.
The assholes give the orders, and assholes grow to both.
The assholes get elected, and the assholes get to both.
I once heard it said, that old assholes never die, they just lay in bed, and multiply.
The assholes in the morning, assholes every night, assholes to the left, and assholes to the right.
It's 40,000 assholes, and assholes around the main.
The fascist could eat a little assholes on the right.
The assholes are not in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth.
The assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth.
The assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth.
The assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth.
The assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth.
The assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth.
The assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth.
The assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth.
The assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth.
The assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth.
The assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth.
The assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth.
The assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth.
The assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth.
The assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth.
The assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth.
The assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in
the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the
assholes are in the fifth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth, and the assholes are in the fourth
I remember saying to Mr. Gildof,
Ma, I see what you are trying to do,
but why such an insipid pussy little song?
Sinbab was president, Barbara Bugade.
I mean, there won't be snow in Africa this Christmas time,
duh! And then that idiot Bono saying,
tonight, thank God it's them instead of you?
Thanks Bono, see if I ever give you a bag of green.
Clearly, Africa could think of better ways to be helped than by a bunch of losers with bad hair.
But for the stars, the recording session truly was about love and helping the world's unfortunate.
Hey, can one of you wankers from Spandale Ballet get me another heavy on water?
How f**king Simon love Bono? Why don't you ask the f**king u-rid mix?
Yeah, I eat me okay? I thought the bloody human league was in charge of the Evian water.
Okay! So I was working as a waitress in the cocktail bar! That much is true!
Tonight, you'll also see shocking footage of what happened when George Michael, Boy George,
and Frankie goes to Hollywood all went to the men's room together.
Band-aid, they tried to make it about charity, but hey, they're f**king rock stars.
It's a big juicy, sobbing wet look at show business. Tonight, on Inside of a High.
Tim McVeigh, boy!
He's on trial for that fateful day.
I am sure he's guilty as a j-
Do you believe in Tim McVeigh?
No!
I'm sure he's not a j-
I'm sure he's not a j-
I'm sure he's not a j-
I'm sure he's not a j-
I'm sure he's not a j-
I'm sure he's not a j-
I'm sure he's not a j-
I'm sure he's not a j-
Just as much as most of you.
But I'm not ignorant though I have a lo-
like you malicious fam.
Most of them are 22
They can't have their weapons in the pen,
And what's in the play, be joining them
Slots of bucks they wanted
Slots of bucks they needed
Yeah, and I just got the boot now
And my launch got back
To be rush inside
Or vending the planet would have been fun
But I'm sure I'm 20 million that's all sure
Now I'm left just birth bound
All because it couldn't play their dues
All I've got to say is screw those rushes dudes
Slots of bucks they wanted
Slots of bucks they needed
Yeah, and so I just got the boot now
And my launch got back
Okay, 23 to 1560 now where did this child come from today?
These are little tiny pizzas many these are some of the best things I've had
And here you go force-beating me again although I do like them
And they were pure carbohydrates
They're from Southwest Airlines
And and the red-bearing pizzas in the world
Have you ever flown Southwest Airlines?
I haven't I hear they're great and they're a stock we're doing better
Most of the other airlines and they're what you call raves by never thumb
Because I don't usually fly to like him mockily
You know I mean if you want to go like any more than 10 miles away you have to make about five stops
But they're great Southwest Airlines they got a great track record
And what was the Southwest and who else?
Red-bearing's pizza in the red-bearing's a party
And what?
They're promoting Cas- what is it?
Casper on the white-bearing's party
Who are these four?
Can we know who they brought in here for?
Right who do they bring to power?
Oh!
You mean they weren't brought here specifically for me?
Better spit about
Oh!
But that!
Oh!
You're going to induce vomiting
Man
One thing about us on this show will eat free food no matter who it's brought for
Even if it's specifically mentioned no committee to us
Too bad
22 before 1 at 5, 60 WQM I'll tell you some other folks who got the same great free
Kind of happy Garlucky attitude as we got
And that's Tom Lehman and Joe Prieta down there at Halipadia, Can South Day
And on the old Dixie highway man
That's right 134 or one South Dixie highway to be exact on US1
Right across from the prestigious falls where they've been treating people great for over 35 years
So unlike those 80 trillion businesses we talked about the last several days on the show
Which have come and gone?
Halipaniak is still there and that same unbeatable location, treating you great
In fact right now they're very because the factory has sent them so many cars
They got no place to stick them
Even Tom Lehman had a park car in his driveway, he knows where to stick it
And they need to place one in yours too
Halips blowing out all the new vehicles regardless of profit including
The Pontiac Vive starting in only 13,998
And up to 5 grand off every GMC on Boin stock
Plus gets 0% fine, and it's going up to a $3,000 rebate
As always at Halip they've got a tremendous a humongous a gigantic selection of dependable use cars and trucks and SUVs
And if every other car dealer in the universe has turned you down for credit
This is the place to turn in fact you should probably go there first
Because you can depend on getting a deal cut no matter how bad your credit is
At the one and only Halipaniak in South Day
Don't forget right now it's the winner Blizzard Emergency clearance sale going on as I speak
Open 7 days a week at Halip and of course you'll see even more than usual
If you mention the near Roger show when you stop in
Call him right now the near Roger's Neal Deal Hotline Tool free at 1-888-534-4211
1-888-534-4211
You're loved doing business with these great folks at Halipaniak GMC
Who really do be professional grace
5 and a local, this is 560
3 years old yours, you win
Rogers guys
Well we're aware of where can that twinkie be
Said Miss Monica Lewinsky
I got to reach it but it's fallen too far
Probably what she was doing when she played her part
Will she bang her head on the steering wheel
Not the usual way we feel
Sign on the road since straight ahead
Rest stop was near, she would soon be fed
Game it's time to guess and swim to the right
Pending for the best food light
She lost control, the car had flew
And landed next to the twine
Well poor Monica Lewinsky
Christ her car because she was hungry
But she's in luck, her career's not dead
Her mouth did not get injured, she can still give head
Alright
Face balls, flick balls, soccer balls, basketball
Do you like to play with balls?
Yeah!
Do you want to feel a little flat sometimes?
Yeah!
Do you want to play with good quality balls?
Yeah!
Then there's only one place for you
Feel balls!
Yes, bill balls, the hum of the best balls in town
I saw bills balls from the highway
And I just had to stop in and boy was I satisfied
I was so impressed with bills balls
I took my whole family to see a fair ball ball
I stopped by bills balls yesterday
And I played with bills balls right there on the spot
Yes!
Saw the wee ask is that you come and see bills balls once
Once you've seen bills balls you'll never look at balls the same way again
Now two great locations, Quill Springs and Pinsquare Mall
You're a political horn
You're a political horn
When people ask me who
I would like to slow
Now that I'm a political horn
You're a political horn
I tell them right away
I'd like a one-night stay
Up in the white house behind closed doors
I want to be very
Girl, with my legs waving in the breeze
Cause if I were really girl
If I were really girl
I could be a piece of history
I'll call his hotline phone
Tell him I'm all alone
And I'm turned on by his belly
He's a political horn
And if he won't have me
Then I'll add Hillary
But I would rather make it all three
I want to be really girl
I want to be
Really girl
With my legs waving in the breeze
I don't know why Randy and Maria still ain't introduced to you
Really girl
If I was really girl
I could be a piece of history
I want to be
Really girl
I want to be
Really girl
You and me baby
Do it at like in Wisconsin
And please don't tell anyone that I am your cousin
You and me baby
Less, who would like the Kennedys
I'll drown you in like you
Like, where'd you'll come back to me
You and me baby
Can do it like Madonna
And have a Latino gang bang if you wanna
Baby, let's do it like Ricky Martin's career
We'll do it once more fast and thin
I'll disappear
You and me can do it just like Jeffrey Dahmer
And now that you're in
The sex will be so much drama
You and me baby
Can't nothing but monkeys
I can't sleep but
Was that nothing you just could be seen
Now look at this fact that just came in
By the way, they're great to bloodhound gang
How can we don't hear any more about them?
I guess that was it
What do you mean that was it? They're great
What section do you sit in so I can come down and shake your thing before I leave for vacation?
I don't know if I wanna shake your thing or have you shake mine
Why don't these people just leave me alone?
You wanna say?
Yeah, I do
I mean, they're nice people that like sit in my in come up
But hey, that's fine, I'm not like some kind of a hermit
But I mean, don't come down and shake my thing
Unless I look at it, I'm already have light if he happens to be sitting in my section
He can come and shake my thing and I'll be happy to shake his in return
By the way, that food, that little tiny peaches
They're kind of like bagel bites
Right
Only better
Right because they're like on little bags
And because the bagel bites are like a little hard bagelettes
Yeah, his resolve was so pinned across
Mmm, pure carbohydrates
Probably my blood sugar by now is about what, 725?
And John Jarrah said there's more of it
What? I didn't have more than what, eight or nine of those?
Right
They're the size of your thumb
Well, hey, speaking of good food, we had lunch yesterday from our good friends at Flora's Man
It goes to Shoya
The great people, they stick around forever
The other ones, they know even if they were pretty good, they go by the wayside
Flora's has been there for about 600 years
Just off the corner of 79th Street in Biscayne Boulevard, just a couple of blocks east there in North-Aid, in Central-Aid
Whatever you call that place
A lot of people have a lot of names for that place
But the fact that a matter of course, Flora's is still there, that's right
Everything that comes out of Flora's kitchen is made fresh to order
From the homemade, dophant delicious pizza and the garlic rolls
To the fabulous sauces made fresh, never from a can
You could sure taste that yesterday when they brought us all that good stuff, they brought us pasta and veal
And chicken and all kinds of other good stuff
Even some stuff I ordered, PDL, any you idiot
Great pasta, specials at Flora's every night, the pizza specials are amazing
Only 1199 for a large cheese pizza, with a dozen garlic rolls and a half a dozen of this, and a liter of soda
1399 gives you large cheese pie, a liter of soda and six chicken wings
Try the homemade meatless onion, just oozing with melted cheese
Let me say it again, it's oozing
It's fun, the food is great, and of course they got all kinds of stuff
Games for the kids to play while you're eating, you'll love the casual come as you were at atmosphere to at Flora's
Open every day, seven days a week, for lunch, dinner, parties and catering
Call Flora's at 305, 758, 5351, 305, 758, 5351, or eat right there, stuff in your pussy
Flora's at 79, 3, 2 blocks east of this game, Voldemort and come see why they're arreld
Call Flora's one of the great Italian restaurants in town
Call Flora's pizza, and be sure to tell them that Neil sent you by
They delivered to Quasad, the Cricket Club, the Jockey Club, Mimei Shores, as far south
I'm risking to the 34th Street, North to 135th Street, West to Northways 12th Avenue
Got that all down? Good, and east to Collins Avenue at 71st Street too, call Flora's tonight
Call Flora's tonight
We're the worst 205 CC, UAM
What was that? What's just happened there?
Okay, it was supposed to be rejoined
Yeah
But it was just a draw
All I heard was... Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, I hate you
I missed a bodypeg and all of the marks lie
Through this morning I'd be there all black
I wonder who will be the first guy to get wet
I'm thinking to live or call you all night
While eating century-ally cheese and fresh cocoa
Well, the new season's here and moving right along by half past nine
My head was going ding-dong, Christmas shooting heroin right between the stores
Can't believe how much I missed the violence in the host
Tony's got a money by a folly woman's in the candy FBI
It's got a mole, will the question take it all?
Every other doesn't know Carmella's funny theory
You'll wonder where it all will go, son, they'll make me old
And now a message from the Bob and Tom Petcare company
Here Figgy, come here boy
Good boy
Whoa, hey, Dad Figgy's breath really stinks
Oh, I know, Sam
It smells like Figgy's been eating his own poop again
Oh, gee, if only they made something to make his breath smell better
Sorry Figgy, we'll have to play Frisbee some other time
You're just like a furry turd
Sound familiar?
Does your dog love to die on his own dog logs?
Eating the breath smelling like a stuffed up comeo
Well, have we got the answer for you?
It's a peppermint flavored lasage made especially for dogs like yours
Introducing new X-Crab Mints
Here Figgy
Golly, that is some bad breath
Here Figgy, try one of these new X-Crab Mints
Wow, what a difference, huh Dad?
You bet, Sam
Figgy's face may be covered in his own feces
But his breath is minty fresh
Hey, Dad, look, Figgy's looking his crotch again
Do you think his breath is still fresh?
Ha, ha, ha
We'll never know, Sam
Oh, God, never know
Hey, Sam, you know why a dog looks his own thing?
Yeah, yeah, because he can't, I've heard a million times
X-Crab Mints
That sucked today
New Unfarks from the producer of Bachelorette's in Alaska
Oh my goodness
It's Bachelorette's in prison, Mayo Baby
Come on over here and check out my tattoo
Look at him, I can't hear in this place
I'm just somebody's got a nail file
Bachelorette's in prison
This place is so clean, except for the smell of your men
Bill Clinton insists therapy after a securitory with bevy of young models
Primedized bombshell report for forces Hillary to take action
The ice princess, there she is, the old ice queen
Man, and believe me, this little queen knows exactly what he's talking about
510 votes on a pool of pots, heck, this was a painless
Just keep that carbohydrates in here, man
I feel like I said to her
And he's bringing more of that great pizza
And thanks again to our good friends down to Hall of Power 96
And by the way, music still sucks
But thanks very much, we like you a lot
Even though they don't talk to us very much because we're a bunch of slippers on AM
You know, they had this big book
And John Jarvis is okay, he's a good guy, but the rest of them down there
They wouldn't even look, they wouldn't spit on the best part of us, okay?
If they could find it
So here's the result of the pool so far
Not that the tremendous response we had yesterday, of course
Because this is a little bit more cerebral than the thing we had on our yesterday
Plus we don't have Dufflin's new penis talk show
Probably should have put this on it
Anyway, what's your take on Broward election supervisor, Miriam Elephant, or Olephant?
She's totally incompetent, should be fired
75.1%, 385 out of 512
75% plus, fire her ass
Who is Miriam Olephant, 85?
She's the victim of a racist campaign, 31
She's doing a good job, 11
So 6% says she's the victim of a racist campaign, to which we say
Sure
Sure
So next ones, they don't forget, Mark has done it on your calendar, right?
You think it's gonna work?
Comedy bits are 9 to 10, works for me
And then we're gonna go home, and then we'll come back for about 15 minutes till 2
Huh?
Hey listen, it'll work for us, it'll be great
Anyway, congratulations to the mad dog Jim Madditch
Who I know is just ignored when we sent him in those great numbers
He had a 6-3 and a 6-3
They were big numbers, and he's consistent too
He's coming up next to a Humper from the West Coast
Panthers in the Ottawa Senators tonight at the Macarena
Bye, bye, bye
The middle was your show on 516 on the UQAN
My name is Fort Laugay
I love eating nuts
