The day is essential day here in this
me world when the screening days
meet the rest of the girls in the
closet no more that's what day day is
for it's a day day after all it's a
day of fun when we wear red shirts and
when we all come you can hear the
squirts we can tickle and tease us
with our manicure go tease it's a
day day after all we'll be holding hands
in its adventure let it watch the
lies of an alley marching band we'll
make tourists treat with a kiss on
the cheek it's a day day after all we
can wear tight shorts made of gold
blown make and wear mask
garrow like Italy's ain't we can
in some way as we pray since I shake it's a
day day after all and GM will have the
celebrity ball hosted by a whipped
color and root ball there we
bourbon and rock not to mention
beat like hot it's a day after all
it's a day day after all it's a day day
after all it's a day day after all
it's a day after all it's a day after all
all right you got to hang out and get
sure hello to a 560 WDQM Christian
group wants Disney's no fly zone
taken down for gay festival a conservative
Christian organization wants the no
fly zone over Disney world to be
removed so it can fly banners
touting an anti homosexuality website
over the gay festival this week
how come I hear like a little bit of
echo this morning there's a special
reason huh I had left the guest my
time well that's real nice well maybe
we'll have a guest or two come in
maybe I will be back today play
clearance it wasn't you yes
Clarence's fall who came in there and
then like I was just getting my bacon
out of the microwave any hall
to ask he didn't want to stick around
too long and if I were you Clarence I
wouldn't either the Virginia based
family policy never claims the no
fly zone infringes upon its right to
preach freely during the gay day
celebration
if that say that in a constitution
right that all far missing a right
when Christian organizations have a
right to preach freely and fly to
a banner planes and truck tracks
the group hopes to include as part
of its outreach planes pulling banners
reading Jesus Christ hope for homosexuals.com
there you go there's your website
according to Joe Glover the
organization's president a lawsuit by
the family policy network in the
aerial advertising company seeking a
temporary rollback of the restrictions
expected to be filed in federal
court in Orlando this week
uh... there you go we're not advertising
we're trying to reach a specific
target audience with a very specific
hateful non commercial message said
to one of these assholes
same old-hired stuff man I mean
Jesus God Almighty talk about old and
still it's like all that marlin stuff
old and still you know who the most
selfish people in south Florida are
jie how much time you given me the
no seriously the most selfish people
not the old people with the early
birds and the stolen silverware
it's the marlin people all forty of them
i'm telling you i said this for years
these people want to monopolize the radio
station they want to monopolize they want
as to build a mistake and they're always
whining there's nobody i don't care if they
want a hundred and ten to two last night
nobody shows up that the box courses ten
thousand which means that maybe
maybe there were seven eight thousand
people there maybe
cops
and that's one of their better weeknight
crowds i mean and this is long before the
dog days of july in august when it's 120
degrees in the shade nobody cares
all that is great we finally got somebody to
champion the cause god but you know you
marlin people you make me nauseous oh
you're so negative i'm not negative i'm
just being honest with you nobody cares
you're trying to force feed hollow vital
horse it doesn't want it okay it don't like
it it doesn't give a crap about it
and they're telling us that movies are boring oh
if i got a movie for them i don't want to get
into it though i'll just i'll turn the mic off
what i'm talking about okay the movie i want
you to see the most is what i should
and i got it now here's the fact that says
this is a must-see movie eating Raoul
it's an ancient movie it wasn't that
another spick movie uh there's a spick in it
hilarious black comedy slash cult classic
about a nerdy couple the blans living in la
trying to cope with their swinger neighbors
when paul accidentally kills one of the sleaze
bags the couple realized they'd be doing
society themselves a favor by
often the creeps robbing them and investing
in their dream restaurant a total of who'd
the hot tub scene is priceless definitely
worth a watch eating Raoul says this
pack sir i'm surprised you haven't seen it it's
old if ancient who's gonna ask some movie uh
well yesterday afternoon let me just start
well before we even get to that let's not put
the cart before the horse you got the cart
we asked yesterday niel show in fact i want to take a
quicky pool can we do that or we'll air it all
back out of shape
yeah but not not that i really i both both you're right the
quicky pool is fun of getting him back out of
shape i'm serious which of these three would
you rather hear us talk about and you'd be
you know you don't get one of those choices of
well i'd rather die than hear about any of them
now which of these three things would you
rather hear about on the radio movies
marlins or golf
huh right you thought was your only choice
which is let's get that on there right i'll be i guess i
better do yesterday's the result
niel shows on movies are and we took a pounding on this man
1200 votes even nice total ponderous
ething ponderous 3.3 31.9 percent say the shows on the
movies have been ponderous good to 19 okay 210 made
a little bit of a comeback getting boring
198 16.5 percent and great a breath of fresh air 190 last
place 15.8 percent so the negative the two negative
categories 31.9 and the 58.4 percent i mean the 48.4
percent got it got it which means that over half over 50
percent which is more than George W got even if
you count the votes is being real in the election
but uh so anyway let's do the quicky pool which of these
three would you rather hear us talk about movies
marlins or golf huh well no seriously stop and think
what's on our radio station the rest of the day the other uh
other than three hours Joe and Mark around by the way
hey if i'm always less than Joe wants his five to six
hour back i'm in a middle of watching magnolia which is a three
hour eight minute movie last night a shocking movie
astonishing but i'll get into that and the phone reasons are good friend Joe
Castello
pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa pa
i always enjoy talking to Joe he's a good guy but
pa pa pa you know he wants the five to six hour back he'd like to be on when
somebody might be listening okay when somebody's awake
he's got a little voodoo doll of Moe is what i'm hearing i didn't you know he
didn't tell me that but i just surmised as much
he's put the mojo on him he's he's taken away his mojo
in fact wait till he sees the picture of Moe on all fours
with a lampshade on his head i'm waiting myself to be able to see the real
clear pristine when it shows up this afternoon my male
i can't wait to see that it's a must see
i was there gonna do this or not because he might not be listening
he's on a phone with him right now come we want it on there right now the other
stuff get it off of there before we get any more negative votes
any more hostile negative votes which of these three would you rather hear
about marlin's movies or golf so yesterday afternoon i popped in a movie that
George recommended and other than bully
George is on a hot streak with movies
requiem for dream was sensational um flingery then gory glen Ross was
spectacular born on the board of the fourth of july
mmm it was good it was depressing yeah shallow grave a little and it starts out
and causes a bunch of brits although i did like Alex a little bit
but it's a bunch of brits and it starts out real silly you think it's going to be a
silly movie because it's brits and brits are silly we should give Carlos credit for that
because i saw it and liked it but he was the one that actually thought to bring it up
i see but as we have he also brought up kids and gummo
well no it's perfect kids and gummo oh gummy kids
you know what i'm gonna do before the show's or i'm gonna take both of those
DVDs and throw them out the window so watch shallow grave yesterday afternoon and
as i said it starts out silly and as it goes on it starts picking up steam
and by the end of it yeah it's pretty amazing yeah the last of 20 minutes you saw but are
astonishing i don't want to give it away but put that bitch cut what she deserved you know it
i loved it she got what she deserved she had a coming back i'm just a little bit curious
though when the movie ends you think Alex uh survived all of that yeah really do um
because you saw what was under the floorboard i don't want to give it up yep here's the facts that
says why not try a couple of Canadian made films eh oh you can if you watch your film
made in canady don't you get stars all the time director adam igoyam has made a couple of great
ones exotica revolves around an upscale strip joint with great characters with music and a haunting
story the sweet here after is stunning enough said he has don't listen to Georgia he says he
doesn't like these two if you like rickory and for dream glean glean ross you're like these as well
a couple of Canadian films why would i not Canadian films well maybe you see them maybe didn't like it
exotica and the sweet here after okay i'll put it in my pile okay i got my pile building here
even though we are not talking about movies anymore so i like the shallow grave a lot i'd give it a
four on it my scale of five i'd recommend it selling pretty good then last night i watched what
just might be and i i realize it won a lot of awards but nobody ever talks about this the only
thing they ever make any reference to is the thing about the frogs that's it that's what i
don't want i don't want to give it away but there is there is a scene with frogs but magnolia just
might be the best movie ever made put that citizen king right right in the park please well just
they're always touting citizen king i know magnolia makes rickoryam for a dream seemed like a piece
of dreck that's how good it is i'm telling you all right time crews is great in fact those of
the people that don't mind seeing tom crews at his advanced age running around his underwear looking
really embarrassing there was a scene in there where he's there and i'm sure he's got a salami in
his underwear in his bbd's i heard it was a killbassa is that what it was no he don't like them germans
he gets a little porky when you talk about the germans it's polish oh that's it's a it's a
polish sausage you're right and believe me if anybody ought to have a pollock in his pants it's
tom crew but he's very good at now i'll tell you who's great and we need voter boy to look it up
for me on the internet okay look up what's his name as right now look up what's his name and see
when he died Jason robots okay well there's so many people in this movie Philip Seymour Hoffman is
in there Philip Baker Hall Melinda Dylan Jeremy Blackman Ricky J William H. Macy Julian Moore
Melora Waters I want to know which one she was but every character in here is just amazing and it's
yeah it's all these like disconnected people and as the movie goes along you start putting all the
pieces together there is definitely a message in there and the best scene in the movie isn't the
one with the frogs the best scene is the one where toward the end of the movie all of the characters
it's like that like the r.e.m. of video where they're all all these disconnected people are singing
the song toward the end of the video remember stand or smile or one of those yeah and uh all the
people even the even the broad who's OD she's in the car all of these movies you don't have that same
thing with the lots of booze and drugs baby lots of drugs and she's singing even though she's like
passed out in the car she's singing and they're all saying even Jason Robars who's dying of brain
cancer lying there in bed he's singing the song and the message of the the message of the song is
it's all the waste of time so let's give up basically i beg your pardon Jason Robars died on
December 26 2000 okay in this movie it was 1999 so i'm not too sure he had to do a lot of acting in
this movie you know he was great because he looked like it looked like they just took up a tube
to his nose and there he was like he was dying right there on a movie set he was sensational
i'm telling you Magnolia if you don't watch that movie and if you don't say if you if we get any
criticism of that movie we're gonna personally it's long it's three hours and eight minutes
we'll come to your house and just beat your brains out with a baseball bat and then we'll have a
whole bunch of frogs come back to me god i know just we're to find some yeah exactly in fact i can
go over to Montreal and bring a whole bunch of frogs back with me just out of spite we got some
stick them in engineering 10 14 at five sixty wqa m how low can they go you might be wondering we're
talking about interest rates of course now financial group does the limbo under the lowest
refinance rate you've ever heard of 1.95 percent that is absolutely correct it's true now you can
refinance your home or buy a new home and get a super low 1.95 percent financing with financial
group call today and find out all about it 1 809 for O-Land that's 1 809 for O-L-E-N-D if you're
even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate call financial group at this toll free number
1 809 for O-Land and talk about savings what they're these payments you make if you ever
sell 100 thousand dollar loan your payments are only 368 bucks a month even being a
broker to afford that if you have eight if you ever got paid and if you ever have a 200 thousand
dollar loan your payments are only 7 36 a month so call financial group toll free 1 809 for O-Land
to get the low low rate you've been looking for and waiting for 1.95 percent don't forget interest
rates are right now at all time low so don't wait any more we'll call now and get yourself
1.95 percent financing from financial group 1 809 for O-Land that's 1 809 for O-L-E-N-D for
financial group they're an equal housing lender credit restrictions apply rate something to change
monthly 5.19 APR
my life and locals this is 4.056
it's date if I have a child
a rat at 5.60 WQA
3.059
my name is fairy sing like a fairy I write bad songs about romance
while I'm wearing a standex cast I'm trying to shrimp me my songs will feel
I had a series of big hits that was back in 76 now no one wants to hear they only laugh and
stare they won't admit they all my albums but my songs are queer got a nose shake like a banana
by two fans both live in Montana
okay
I write the song
I've got a hunker the size of yuckers
when I get a stuffed up nose I be twisted in a hose but now upon the kiss my life is back in place
and so I'm seeing again and sticking my schnaz in your face got a nose shake like a banana
by two fans both live in Montana got a nose shake like a banana
oh my nose you could have it half on the city of Atlanta
I write the song
poor Barry man he just can't dig it straightened up veteran singer songwriter Barry Manel
recently waking up disoriented in the middle of the night walked into a wall and broke his nose
knocking himself unconscious the entertainer disclosed yesterday
the accident occurred at his home in the desert resort of Palm Springs California
just after Manelow had returned from a two-week stay in the seaside town of Malibu
where he was producing an upcoming album for his old boss Bet Middler
Rouse from a sound sleep thinking he was still in Malibu Manelow got up and veered to the left
instead of the right and slammed right out of the wall he said in the statement released by
his management company stiletto entertainment he passed out for four hours and though he wasn't
seriously hurt the 56-year-old performer said the misheap left his nose quite swollen how could you
tell his sense of humor remained intact however I may have to have my nose fixed and with this
nose it's going to require major surgery he said very amusing referring to his famously prominent
poboscis he's got a big poboscis and his nose is big too he schnauz
here's the facts from Kelly who's pissed off and fed out a shaped Kelly says the yahu's scum
who helped to cover Eric Rudolph's tracks to be thrown in jail along with him for eating and
abetting a fugitive I know exactly what was going through their minds he was just killing
fags and abortion doctors and they're all going to hell anyway it's sick and an honest call to the
FBI giving Rudolph's location could have easily been made everyone in that town who kept their
mouth shut is subhuman garbage too bad for pretty boy Eric doesn't like fags and now he's going to
spend the rest of his life in prison don't drop the soap sweetheart yo yo yo let's rape Rudolph is
what it's a let's rape Eric so it's got a better ring to it says Kelly who's pissed off and fired
up about it okay how's that thing looking so far our little mini pull before we get to our last
ever movie pull list for the time being which of these three would you rather hear about movies
golf or the marlins guess who's in last place George G couldn't be the marlins could it
surprise golf is beating it 41 quick votes movies 26 63 and a half percent golf eight and the
marlins seven and you know it's amazing to me on a radio station where they're constantly bashing
and rightfully so first it was Wayne High Penga and then it was little John Henry and now it's a
David Samson and Delilah and Jeffrey Luria and rightfully so but it's always oh they're great
they're doing it you know who the hell are you people kidding last time I checked this didn't last
place five games under 500 they stink the joint out let me say it again last place the division
but they won a game with about 400 runs last night so right away it's the Marlins let's go see I'm
yeah it's just I don't I'm just amazed I'm astonished at how selfish these people are
and even even the panthers who you know can't draw flies to a Schmidt pile even on their average day
when I got there like eight or nine ten thousand people really in the stands no matter what they put
in the paper in the box store they outlaw them every day every game there are more people
at a Panther game in a town that wouldn't know a hockey puck from a guy named Stale Bagel then
there are for the average Marlin game it's not even a contest because like I said we haven't
got to July and August yet when there's like two three thousand stiff sitting around and they're
baking their brains out bacon oh bacon I already had my bacon for today oh well I've got some
real bacon yesterday some salt free bacon low salt reduced bacon not salt free and having made
that yet like some real stuff as opposed to that to micro waves though you can make it to micro
even it's got all the instructions just go out and get about 400 rolls of paper towels that's my
suggestion for you and I will also say this if you're gonna eat bacon don't be eating like a
fattening stuff along with it because you'll balloon up like a blimp you following what I'm saying
don't be eating like a you know a liter of ice cream or something like that along with it huh
don't put your bacon in the ice cream right oh there's something to think about bacon flavored I'm
thinking like bacon cheese flavored bacon sounds good to me that sounds good mmm cheese flavored bacon
anyway stop with a food crap okay 62 votes this is just a quick mini poll today just to prove a point
which of these three topics would you rather hear us talk about movies 36 go 15 marlins 11
yeah that's a shortwave message which means nobody gives a fine crap about the marlin
okay nobody cares they got free weenies if they got free bobble head dolls then 25,000 extra
people show up where is the free crap you know that's it that's how Florida for you
I have never this just goes on and on and on it's astonishing to be the attempt to force feed people
something that they don't want that would be like I was talking about movies again today
didn't they make it pretty clear in their pool yesterday in our pool yeah they're furious man
they can't stand it it's effing ponderous I'm telling you watch magnolia believe me I'm gonna bite this
afternoon I am begging you to go get it you're gonna buy it
yeah then I'll lend it out oh what a movie three hours and eight minutes and it's just uh
astonishing and if you're likely of course in record we improve a dream we like to think with a
TV guy with the you know here's we got another winner uh there's like two I'm thinking as a two or
three Tom Cruise plays the TV the sexist TV guy that's ripping the hell out of women
and talking about you know all the guys would are big penis and you got him and then you got the
TV uh game show host guy who's dying of cancer of wrong cancer they're all they're all dying of
cancer and you got him and then the punky little kid owner who's the genius who appeasinous pants
because they won't let him go in the take a pee break magnolia if we don't get a call or two about
magnolia then I'm gonna be pretty pissed off and fired up and I'm amazed that during all these
weeks and weeks this ponderous long time we've been hucking about movies has anybody actually
really talked about this other than talking about the frogs no no there's something wrong out
there man there's something really really wrong and all the awards that are won is as many
as zillion awards that are won and nobody ever talks about it that's why when we made this whole list
in fact if you look on our website now we got the list of movies that all three of us George and
Bonerboy and I recommend uh you know we got some of the old tried and true godfather and kukusnest
and network on there but also we're trying to like uh you know a lot of ones that are really great
that nobody ever talks about so I could open up some new avenues for it to give you something to do
besides going out there and playing golf let me tell you right now boys and girls on you people
that didn't vote for golf on our poll so far this morning the thing with golf is guys who play a lot of
golf there's a message they're trying to send their board I say they're bored to death take a
take a look at mole for example here's a guy that's approaching 70 years old that's got to get up
at three o'clock in the morning and drive not just from bokeh but I find out from Joe's call last night
from north bokeh all the way down to Hershey highway drive 45 minutes to get to work
board schmittless so what does he do he gets back home to bokeh takes himself a little bit of a nap
he puts on his checkered pants snaps his vera cosvians a couple of times and goes out there on a course
huh i'm i'm taña in between rapes i think that's like probably his number one past time
is golf you show me a guy to place a lot of golf like i said and i'll show you a guy that has got
too much spare time on his hand it just bored with life bored to tears
god it should find a girlfriend a boyfriend or maybe even both maybe a goat something
don't you think moe could find another old goat no 27 past 10 at 5 60 wqm here's a
place it's been around not as long as moe but 25 years in town and that's brandy shoes independent
family shoe store that's been growing like topsi because the people love shopping there they'll
have taken their feet into the store because they offer you an unbeatable selection of the top
brands rock ports echoes mafisto timberland clarts s a s floor shim all the big shoe names you know
and love and they got every size under the sun men's six to 15 women's five to 12 and which
from the very very narrow to the very big wide fat ones and your feet too and they've got over
40,000 pair of shoes and stuck in their gigantic 8,000 square foot megastore and personal friendly
service from people who know your feet inside and out and probably even recognize you by the way
your feet smell brandy shoes that are at 12 90 North Federal Highway in Pompato Beach open daily
night at nine Sundays 10 to five and right now it's a great time to shop for father's day this
weekend at brandy shoes sparing men's a o's that's eight o's are only 48 90 and rock port world
tours only 69 90 stop by brandy shoes in Pompato Beach especially for brothers they or anytime or
visit them on their world famous website at brandy's shoes dot com
my life and love this is for trail by city
mom
take me out to the marlins let me go get the crowd
yeah who's no stickers and drunk and slabs 30,000 who deals with circumcised as they all
root root like a bunch of pigs while we all root for our team they'll drink eight nine
and courts of beer in their penalties day
eight
they'll drink eight nine
ten courts of beer in their penalties day
eight
10 31 at five 60 WQM are quicky pool 117 votes which of these would you rather hear about
movies 69 see there it is again
69 golf 26 and the marlins
22 even golf they'd rather hear about so who'd you like better on a Palmer or jack necklace
well he was the golden bear how about your a player
who here's the fact that says i can't imagine listening to discussing the marlins or base
ball so by default movies can you imagine George and be in your boy discussing golf over the
summer while you're gone now that's good radio also while you're moving why
that's good to attend the cap was my height also while your movie lists your psychic again
did you see last night's a f i's 100 best heroes and villains of the movie special now i was busy
watching make no you for 10 hours but i didn't see that it was on seemed like an awful lot
it seemed an awful lot like some of your polls what
lastly i like your discussion of movies maybe the problem is there were too many discussions
of movies over too many days in a row you know what tough tough potatoes when you get on a
roll on something there that's called like having some continuity to something now if these people
had something else very important to talk about like look at a tremendous response on a phone
already here you see that not as usual when i mentioned magnolia especially on the heels of all
these movie things we've been doing for weeks now i'm probably much too long but nevertheless
when i mention that every line of boards should lit up don't you think that there's at least eight
or nine people after who've seen it no no seriously don't you think they're nine people who'd have
an opinion and say boy you're right it maybe the best movie of all time or true is one of the best
or it's sucked whatever yeah but then they got a call oh that's right i forgot we got nothing to
give them except our best wishes we got no marlin's tickets we could five six seven oh yeah but
nobody would take them five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eight t and t and
Verizon wireless line it and it's true i've never seen a town where there is such a tremendously
desperate attempt and especially on this station because of this sports craft to force feed
something that the public doesn't want you want some panther tickets no just like my friend Phil
Saltsman we gave we didn't give it up but we got his number there in case anybody wants those two
primo seats right in front of my seats there for the they're going to have to buy him of course
the panther season tickets almost right at center rice right at the blue line great seats
we won't get any calls on that i asked this morning you guys get any calls for Phil's number no
because nobody wants it nobody there's no interest nobody cares and especially after all the
lies and the ridiculous prices and the bull crap and the youngsters and the organization
i mean the public it even even the dumbest of the dumb except for those very selfish people which
they're bored to death and it's their thing so therefore let's build them a stadium and let's
cater to them and to get all excited like they are about the three or four thousand people sitting
there because they got nothing else to do except get rained on god it is so frustrating here's a
a facts welcome senior and yield Rogers after each home run so supported as some sort of god the
knee cool signed a hg and atheist what does that mean i have no idea what's the point of the god
of quirk maybe he's from quirk Ireland huh i don't i don't understand that maybe he's from county
quirk always is probably a little bit too dark to be from county quirk but nevertheless
i'm not going to talk about sammy so soon is quirk bad what the hell difference is it make who
gives a flying craft okay in the in the scheme of things in the world who cares about whether sammy
so soon is using the quirk bad it was just an accident i believe that one didn't belong in there
five six seven oh five sixty pound five set a sixty on a magnolia line
look at that the marlins are still sucking wind on our pool nobody cares well that's your audience
they're just a hostile and now it's it's the whole style floor to see man that's why nobody shows up
see it costs nothing to call a talk show so anybody can call up like they do on our sports shows and say
oh wasn't that quite a performance last night and the and at the mic low will be uh nobody cares
nobody cares those aren't expensive tickets that's the cheapest ticket in town for any sporting event
professional by far and still nobody shows up here's west pondby chill out yeah uh me personally
uh i love golf i love talking golf and i love my new jersey doubles were halfway there you're
halfway there you're blowing it man no no no no what do you mean what do you mean no you had a
two-nothing lead and you lost two overtime games you're what do you mean no well at any time
it's a place for you guys and throughout can score anything up there now he's all come to the big hero
yeah well he don't pay for the doubles anymore place for anaheim the last time i said yeah
and let me tell you another thing i which nobody wants to talk about because it's too embarrassing
is that fluke gold i brodure let in and gain number three yeah that was i hate to tell you sir but
that was the turning point in the series that was pathetic and he's laughing about it like wow
you know i dropped my stick that that was inexcusable by sandwich osalinsch we didn't even know we
scored so that man's gonna lose my back i well if any cake in the retire like how much did you bet
well i was there the favor unfortunately i'm laying all kinds of money out and i gotta try to
get it back good luck you pal you're losing he's losing let's go what are they ducks let's go
and that's unsoundered let's go ducks well i got all these goddamn expansion teams they gotta come
up with some kind of anaheim the wild the vile the piles the uh oh it's very sad you know water
down crap by the way game five isn't until tomorrow night because it took him two days to get back
to jersey by bus yet we're gonna fly back but then they found a head again and the guy named john
madden on one of the teams so they had to take that big john madden bus all the way back to joezy
we're gonna get him agnodia call what do you think no probably not nobody saw it let me say it again
every line in the sport should be a lot of fantastic right now we should be getting a response
from heaven and we're getting a response from hell very sad although he was pretty good
here's a call from my any hello hey christian i got a couple uh a little
quick point to make uh i i've been through uh the station all these about three days i just
walked down here and uh i hear these forteners on the uh on the headgoatburn show and these
compulsive gamblers are just some of the silliest pieces of crap i've ever heard my life
they're now talking excuse me now you're talking oh jesus i really think we're asking them
you think sourquake is gonna break his leg before the the goddamn race is just make me sick
Jesus Christ oh i told you he's crazy excuse me i said Jesus Christ go ahead oh yeah good that was
funny um i saw a couple of steaming donkey birds yesterday on my tv and one of them was robo cop three
the other was mr. geese and i tell you i like john's a throw and i think this is one of the
decisions that fell off this could have made this come here uh wasn't him in that movie is like
seeing like a piece of tender like a nice piece of food in a puddle of chunky vomit
it was great that might have been the best call we've ever had on this show right there
it was put on oh please call us again i don't care i don't give a crap about that please call us
again soon soon not today but like tomorrow like this show one that was great and he didn't mention
the marlin's ones oh don't tell me they're still in last place all of it's nip and tuck
who are they we're just doing this pull this hour then we'll do our regular pull which is our last
ever movie pull we promise until we change our mind which in these three would you rather hear
about movies eighty five golf twenty seven the marlins twenty five oh boy they're really sucking
high den on this show i'll tell you i told you we get a lot of calls about magno did tonight
uh no yeah here's a call from del rei b hello hey you know how you do sir great i did see magno
yeah was oh my god i can't believe it yes but you didn't mention john c riley uh great character actor
who was in that movie he was the cop that lost his gun oh that he was great yes now did you did
you notice i don't want to give it away but did you notice the scene in the gas station i'm sure
you did where the i don't want to say how it appears but where the gun magically reappears again
you know what i'm talking about yeah i know what you're talking about yeah just there's the gun
again that he lost it just uh flops right down there well like i said i mean i wasn't a big fan
of the movie but i was of yeah i think he's a great actor you weren't you weren't a big fan of the
movie no not really you know a lot of jumping around i didn't like calm cruises character and
you're right when he's sitting there doing the interview with the black lady right and it was all
you know just focusing on his crotch and stuff and and i just yeah i can't even know what
our fiend time cruises are crotch i can live without that yeah exactly so that's like he definitely
had a fried bratwurst in there yeah oh absolutely see but you didn't like it now no
oh okay you know i you didn't you mentioned you didn't see a fi special i did watch it i thought
it was good i was a little surprised by the number one hero did you see who that was i
saw it on the news blurb here before i forgot who the hell it was Atticus Finch
i don't even know who the hell that was Gregory Prak in tequila mockingbird oh yeah right oh yeah
i would never remember the name of the character you played well i was very surprised by that
pick i thought they would have gone with somebody more sci-fi or updated but when i thought i
don't know sky walkers somebody like that well you know but i when i thought about it a little more
and him picking because he defended a black man in those times that that that that that's a sued
pick you know it as well as i do that's a pseudo intellectual pick yeah and like like citizen
king same thing yeah it was a decent show i mean i i didn't mind it so okay that's all right but
i did see magnolia okay well thanks for that all right but he didn't like it maybe i'm going to be
the only one who likes it then George will go out and get it today to oh i wasted $50 for that
special set there it sucked here's a fact from e who says not a movie guy at all i haven't seen
any of the ones you mentioned but i still love you well check out movie mistakes calm great
website also Paul Krugman yesterday could you read it in for the lesson form i think i still
haven't my pile here the Paul Krugman column was on our website we put it on there right yeah i
know we did of course because i actually peruse marine does got a good calm here today but i'm
not going to read it because i don't want to get tripped up i already saw she's got one of french
what does she got oh bait in the war okay and she just she's great by this she always is trying to
trip me up she never used to do that till i started reading her columns on here marine do you believe
that no sounds good sounds very impressive 1042 i love people who try to like make themselves very
self-important you know what i mean hey do you like to west bokeh is a great place it's not
and brown but it's so close it's in Palm Beach in bokeh and of course the important people
live in bokeh there's a farrell right and there's bokeh brine enters the lights and then of course
there's always well nothing's perfect anyway delights is your superstar for the atkins diet or any
of the low-carb sugar free diets that are going around these days you can eat lots of bacon on that
by the way and at the atkins and right now they're introducing some great new stuff like they always
are there new almonds snack cakes by control carb that come in blueberry banana or classic almond
eat serving is only one effective gram of carbs or sample delights new chocolate raspberry muffin
with only one gram of carbs and if you like something crunchy to chew on to keep you satisfied
try one of the three new flavors of low-carb rackets chips what a selection they've got of low-carb
no-carb or sugar free items carbolite ice cream breads rolls cheesecake chocolates pasta delicious
sauces and over 600 other low-carb foods waiting for you in one great store that's dedicated
you and your dietary needs the lights of west bokeh and don't forget that the lights you can always
try it before you buy it they've got an knowledgeable staff that knows dieting inside outside
backward forward upside down and they're open every day seven days a week ten to ten at the
lights you'll find the most complete line of that can products in the world and the best part of the
deal is they're always 25% off the regular price all day every day even on sookas the atkins
diet rated number one so head for the top the number one low-carb sugar free store in the world
the lights of west bokeh on the northeast corner of glades in 441 right next door to prestigious
Boston market or column toll free at 1-877 low-carb or find them on the web at lowcarb.com don't
forget there's only one delight to west bokeh and it is your official atkins retail center
rest in peace
want to get mixed up in a family business now you want to go down a police captain why because
he slapped you in a face a little bit huh what do you think this is the army where you shoot him a
mile away you got to get a close like this the big your blood it brings all over your nice side
relief suit
well I got no choice because I'm a boy in my corner voice I expose my toys well in my
solution
beautiful
you call that a penis
No constriction feels no good.
See you round your neitherhood.
Well, I got no class, then I got no principles,
then I got no intelligence.
This right now is out of my mind.
I choose out, oh, so bad.
I choose out, in a weather.
Time, extra bones come lately.
All right, 10.5.6.
We have a host for every sort of, we take a lot of challenges today.
100 and 77 votes on our preliminary poll on our four-play poll,
which of these three topics would you rather hear us talk about?
Movie's 113.
Just about 64%.
Marlins, though, with some suspicious votes.
You notice that surge?
I noticed it.
There was about 10 in a row like a real sit, but that's okay.
We'll take it. Marlins still have only 36 and golf 28.
20% for Marlins, 16% for golf.
Pretty lame.
And that's even with a bunch of phony votes on her.
You're not fooling us.
So I got the Paul Krugman article out here, standard operating procedure.
Don't let me forget to read it later on.
Okay, hey, don't forget.
Okay, because we are pressed for time today.
It's Wednesday, which means we got the big one to two hour.
The all comedy bits one to two hour.
Which I say, all right.
What's a good I'm hearing all kinds of good news.
Such as.
Uh, for all's matter of president resigned.
Well, not that good.
Oh, I'm getting my bonus tomorrow.
Well, we don't care about that.
I know you don't care.
For all's matter.
No.
For all is man at mo.
Oh, no, we're starting to get us a meat vice versa from what I understand.
Really, we've already got a let's see.
For all started officially on Thursday, but he didn't get on the ears.
So that doesn't count.
That's a rain out.
So Friday, Monday, Tuesday.
This is only his fourth show.
We're not talking about the villains.
We're talking about his show, the for real show.
There's only the fourth show and already he and Mo are at each other's throat.
Oh.
And what's the nature of it?
Apparently, for all mentioned, the name of the actual community in Bokeh, where Mo lives.
And the children.
I'll sell them to some Haitians.
Howard called up and said, uh, don't you.
You were telling it.
Don't just say that on the ear again.
Something like that.
Oh, it's beautiful.
And you forgot.
Yeah.
Hola.
Easy, Sky.
I'm not wishing Mo happy birthday.
How about dance?
Huh?
Not Mo.
You missed it.
Hola.
Oh, it's been a boy's birthday.
See?
Well, nobody told me about it.
Happy birthday, boner boy.
Thank you.
And maybe we'll have a boner for you when I get back to town.
Oh, my phone's ringing.
That means that package is downstairs.
You know something?
Oh, hey, I'll play whatever you want.
We got to go.
Okay.
Not right now.
I'll have plenty of time.
But I'll find the appropriate time.
We'll play something along.
I was going to take a little longer than that.
Take me about.
About five minutes.
To race down or get my package.
We got you.
We'll cover.
All right.
And not just for the disc.
And then I can play right off of my disc.
One bit.
We got a great new Mo bit.
So Mo actually gets a little bit more.
He called him up off the air.
Right.
And said, don't you ever tell anybody when the complex I live on the air.
Bapabau, you miserable, gravely voiced son of a bitch.
Yeah, he's got a complex about his complex.
Oh, my God.
That is sensational.
That's beautiful.
Bravo.
I'll take your children.
I'll sell them.
Where's the one with the air piece?
Those people are evil.
Okay.
Which one is that?
I got the feds looking for me.
What number is that?
Huh?
No, no.
I'm going to get his ass and then I'll steal his two pay.
Oh, okay.
So for Relsar, ready to kick and mose-ass.
All right.
There is some heavy duty good stuff going on.
So who cares if these people didn't like Magnolia?
I had one call on it so far and I didn't like it.
I'll be so shocked if you don't agree with me.
I'm not saying you agree it's the best movie ever.
But that it's certainly one of the all-time greats.
I was going to do anything on that that like blockbuster would have cut out considering I still have my car.
Well, since every other word in the movie is an F-bomb, I would say-
They leave that go.
Is the matter of fact toward the end of the movie?
Well, there's no nudity.
No.
Toward the end of the movie when Tom Cruise finally gets reunited, gets hooked up with his dying father who left him and his mother to-
I don't want to give away his story.
But he's-
Huh?
Don't tell me I'll go rent it.
Anyway, Tom Cruise is hunched over the bed and Jason Robards is lying there with the tubes in his nose and he's already had the morphine so he's like totally out of it.
Like, you know, and Tom Cruise is saying-
Don't die you f-ing asshole.
He keeps pounding the bed. Don't die you f-ing asshole.
It's-it's great.
And that's some of the cleaner language in the whole movie.
Now there's a lot of language in there but blockbuster don't care about that?
No.
Oh, then by all means go and get it.
Okay, great.
Let's try it away.
I don't care what that other guy said.
He's in title as a pin and he was a good guy but I'm-I'm amazed.
Maybe I'm amazed.
193 votes on our mini on our four-play pool.
Which of these three would you rather hear us talk about?
Movie's 125, almost 65%.
Marlon's 39, some of which are really dubious votes in golf 29.
Let's talk some golf baby.
What do you say?
What about that Anika-
What's the name of her name?
Huh? What about that Dike?
That's a tree-tunky lugs on her.
And what-and what was wrong with when Ben write a few years ago on CBS got canned because he talked about the Dikes or whatever way he said it, huh?
What's wrong with that?
He was just being honest.
Right?
I mean, so what if there are a bunch of Dikes out there who are better athletes than some of the guys?
The low-time cruises character would be upset about that last night in a-in the Magnolia movie.
You'll like it.
You'll love his character.
Believe me.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Naomi.
Yes, sir.
Your past poll.
Why don't you stick to it, you faggot?
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
My past poll?
What does that mean?
I don't know.
Oh. Well, why don't you stick to it?
Here's a call from Lauderdale. Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, Neil, listen, I wanted to-
That was probably one of the more important people.
The director, Paul Thomas Anderson's father, was a Cleveland legend on television.
He did a character called Guilarity.
Yeah.
I didn't know if you knew who he was.
He did like the horror films.
No, he did not.
Okay, he also became the voice of ABC.
The thing is Ernie Anderson.
Yeah.
I didn't know if you knew who he was or not.
No.
At any rate, I just saw him ignore you over the weekend.
I thought it was a great movie.
I can't say I really 100% understood it.
I guess it's separate stories that have the same theme.
What do you think?
Well, yeah, it was, it was nine separate stories, but I mean they all tied together in the end
and the theme was all pretty much the same.
It was depressing from that standpoint and the futility of life and the fact that there are a lot of bizarre, you know,
in fact in the beginning you'll notice where they showed these strange things that have happened throughout history.
They show three separate incidents and then the narrator comes back on again near the end of the movie and says the same thing.
Strange, Schmidt happens, you know, it's basically what it's all about.
Yeah, yeah.
I really like it.
See, when you start getting too analytical and trying to figure out, like the ending, which we don't want to give it away,
but the ending just leaves you after you've been watching for three hours and eight minutes and it's suddenly, it ends very suddenly and you say,
what just happened there? You know, and then that's it and they're from the credits.
Yeah, yeah.
Now, also I have to tell you, I thought that Boogie Knight was a tremendous film.
Yes, it was.
This kid, he did all the writing and he's really, he's like in the, when he did Boogie Knight, I think he was 25 years old.
Right.
So he was maybe in his late 20s when he did Magnolia.
This is PT Anderson.
That's right.
Paul Thomas Anderson.
Right.
Not that I confused with Philipsy more often.
Right.
So the other guy still up Baker Hall.
Right.
Yeah, but also Tom Cruise was tremendous.
Yes, he was.
He wanted to ask you for it or he won something.
What do you win?
He won.
I got it right here.
But the kid, this Paul Thomas Anderson, he wrote all that dialogue and it was tremendous really.
Well, I'm glad I found somebody else who enjoyed it.
Thanks, guys.
I just want to mention one other thing.
That's the same man who did the soundtrack was great.
Okay.
And that's it.
So.
Did you love the part of the movie toward the end where they're all singing the same song?
It was great.
I got it wrong.
That was one of her songs.
I think that she was up for an Academy Award.
That was really something.
In fact, I'm going to lose the song right now.
I thought over the weekend I even saw the supplemental material.
He won the Berlin Film Festival Award.
Well, I haven't watched that yet because that's a whole separate dish.
Right.
But I watched that also.
So anyway, thanks, Neil.
Thank you.
Okay, there's one.
There's one.
He agreed.
He liked it.
He'd understand it.
I don't care what the understand, I don't care.
I don't care.
There are many things in that other flick we're talking about.
Adnauseum that we don't understand.
And certainly in Memento, I don't care how many times you watch it.
You're still not going to understand.
Unless you write yourself a lot of notes.
Don't believe his lies.
Head for the tattoo parlor.
Maybe Teddy is hanging out there.
There was something about Teddy's character.
He was good.
He was a really excellent.
Joe Penteleano is always good.
He's a very underrated character actor.
He was excellent.
Anyway, we don't want to talk too much movies on the hours to come.
We're going to be talking a lot about baseball and golf.
See, I'll say it again.
I don't understand for the life of me the one time you would think.
If this radio station had any brains at all, and I really don't hear that much of it.
But what seemed to me, they'd be leaning on this Brian Greasy thing because
if the dolphins do get that deal done today,
Beanervore was telling me we had calls off the areas today.
Did they get the deal done?
Is he a dolphin?
If they get the deal done today or whatever in the near future,
that's going to be the big topic of conversation all over South Florida.
Even Georgia is concerned about that.
What?
Is Brian as ugly and the boring his daddy was?
The answer is yes.
Of course, he don't have the talent.
At least not yet.
Brian the Beast?
I guarantee you one thing that if Brian Greasy winds up on the dolphins,
he'll be J. Fieler out.
Maybe not before the season, but during the season after J.
has one of those 15 interception games, you know?
That Brian Greasy will be the starter on that team.
That's just my opinion.
I don't want to get sports intensive on this show.
We try to give you a break from that, but that's my opinion.
Or what of his monthly injuries?
Right.
Well, in the scene now you're picking that, you're being like Georgia,
being anti-Semitic again.
Sorry.
Or maybe the dolphins have a game scheduled on the Tisha Bob or something like that.
He don't want to play.
1058, don't get started with that stuff now.
He'll get really uptight.
And they love J. Fieler.
Well, he's a good guy, but hey, Tom Layman's a good guy.
And so is his general sales manager, Joe Prieto,
with a hell of Pontiac GMC, and they love this show.
They love everything about it.
They love this radio station.
They're not too crazy about Mo.
They like the old Morning Show a lot better.
Anyway, I'm not sure how they feel about Pharrell yet.
We'll find out.
And Halib right now, check out South Florida's biggest selection of 2003 GMC on-voys,
on-voys, excels, Ucons, Ucon, excels, and Denali's.
That's right, nobody's got a bigger selection than Halib.
Halib also has a great selection of Prieto and car structures and SUVs.
And if credit's a problem for you, if your credit is marginal at best,
and other car dealers kind of sneer at you when you walk on a lot,
have no fear because Halib is here.
They're not concerned about that.
They'll get you deals somehow.
So for the biggest selection on GMC SUVs,
Neal Deals, and lots more, including getting treated like a human being,
you do your car shopping at Halib Pontiac GMC,
134-01 South Dixie Highway, that's US-1 right across from the prestigious
Falls, open every day, seven days a week.
If you want more info on any of these special deals going on right now,
call the Neal Deal Hotline Tool-free at 1-885-344-4211.
That's 1-885-344-4211.
And don't forget, be sure to mention you heard about the Neal Roddeals
and save even more at Halib Pontiac GMC,
who'll be professional grade.
And don't forget, when I come back, you're going to be playing something.
Okay.
You got it?
No, because I want to run downstairs and get my package,
just somebody I know would say.
I got it.
My name is Neal Karl.
We are Sports Radio 5-6-C, UAM.
W-U-I-M, Channel 56, 56, 56, 50, 50,
P-P-A-S-N-E.
A-Z-Z-N-E-R-E-M.
Another
ää Autossax
Daniel
The whole celebration and they're all on the street
See them on the sidewalk, oh hear them shuffling with feet
There's 20,000 assholes doing assholes from the maid
Step aside good people as the assholes are afraid
We've got the assholes for freedom, the assholes for fun
The assholes for Jesus, the assholes for guns
The assholes for justice, the assholes for crime
The assholes for assholes, assholes for all time
We've got assholes making money, we're making all the rules
We're taking all our jobs, we're doing up our schools
The assholes on the water, the assholes on the sky
The sign to set the hill wanted only assholes to be the plight
Oh teach you what you tell me and I really made the grades
To my head, my waist, or am I just another asshole on the grave
I see it, I wet my pants
The assholes get the orders, the assholes broke both
The assholes get elected, the assholes get the orders
I once could have said that all the assholes never died
They just lay in your bed and smoke me fly
The assholes in the morning, assholes every night
Assholes to the left, and assholes to the right
That's 20,000 assholes, assholes on the main
The beside good people in the assholes are great
We're going to live with guests!
LIKE us, LIKE us is and
and he just dropped it on the open mic.
Are you pardon?
Voka Brian, he came in with the mic open in the middle of a segment just plopped that right in front of me.
That's why I was cracking up during your spot yesterday.
Oh, was that what I said?
What do you like about it?
Make a picture of Mo Howard?
Yeah.
And it turns out yes.
Okay, let me try to organize this stuff because I got two packages.
I got the, let's see, this, what is this?
24.
You have that?
24.
H-C-N.
No.
There you go.
How do you like that?
So I got some good new stuff there.
And we got the good new Voka brand disc, which I guess that's also in the package.
I didn't even bother looking for that.
That's it.
With the new Requiem for Mo speaking of Requiem for Dream to the tune of that theme song.
But here in my hands is a glossy picture of Mo Howard, David, on all fours with his big pukka kangaroo.
And nobody, this has some nice girly shorts on there.
Yeah, panties.
Some girly panties.
And he's got one of those lampshades, the ones that you put on dogs, big dogs heads.
That's exactly like the one I had for Winnie, you know?
When, anytime you wanted to keep a dog from biting something, he's got the lampshade on the head.
And he's got that.
And he also, I just noticed, this is the same picture of his face as the one we have on our website.
Right.
Sands the hair, sends the hair piece and also sends the teeth.
He's on all fours just anticipating some attack from behind.
Gang rape is funny.
See, he agrees.
It's wrong.
Oh, this is, I'm saving.
I'm framing this.
I thought the other picture was great, but that was small potatoes compared to this.
This is the best.
This is the best all time.
Now, when do we get this on our website?
How do you mean, it's me, it just got it today, it'll be on, it's only later tomorrow morning.
We'll get 50 million hits just to see that picture.
That's worth the price of emission, believe me.
Okay, so the deal is that Pharrell has already had a bigger one in with Mo.
It only took like four shows and they heat each other like poison to which we say.
All right.
Hey, Joe Castello, if you're awake, which I doubt he's probably still asleep, but somebody passed the message to Joe.
You'll probably have your five to six hour back pretty soon.
I just have that feeling I could be wrong.
Okay, let's get into the real pool now.
Let's get this other hazard right off of here.
We asked in our preliminary poll, which of these would you rather hear about?
Movies 160, 67 percent, two thirds.
Marlins 43, golf 36.
Oh, oh, out of almost 239 votes.
Okay, now here is our last movie pool ever for now.
Right?
Right.
One last one because the audience told us yesterday they're getting tired of this.
Too much, yeah, same as too much of the same crap too many days in a row.
They can't stand to hate its boundaries.
Which of these movies did you like the most?
Now, this isn't one of those where we're doing the Godfather.
We already done those a million times.
This has to do with the movies that we've been recommending these last few weeks that we've been movie intensive.
And we've discovered some that I think are really, really extraordinary.
And then we would like you to see.
We'd like to encourage you to have the balls to go and see something new and different.
Requiem for a dream, happiness, and we were talking about dogs just the other day.
Glen Gary Glen Ross, Memento, Magnolia, shallow grave,
Jatica, the game, didn't see any of them or they all sucked.
Now, I don't think we'll get too many of the all sucked at least not real ones because how many people saw all of these enemies, especially shallow grave.
No, they're not real ones, like you said.
No, the telephone for that just to be negative.
Well, we know that.
BAM!
Audio movie suck.
Well, for example, here's the facts.
I'm just amazed because you know me. I'm not that easy to please. I'm pretty picky.
I don't just watch every movie and say, oh, that was the best damn thing I ever saw in my life.
And then watch another one. Oh, and I was even better. You know, I'm not like that.
But, you know, when you see something that's really great and has an impact and then during the course of it, I'm thinking, oh my God, this is unbelievable.
Just like during the course of that flick, I'm thinking, holy crap, this is beyond I can't believe I missed this.
This facts is magnolia isn't above average movie, but it's way, way too long.
Too much crews, I just don't think he can act at all.
Well, I'm not a Tom Cruise fan to say the best and I thought he was excellent in this. In fact, he was up for all kinds of awards.
Requiem for Dream on the other hand is amazing.
More than it is simply refreshing, especially in today's movie market.
One of the reason movies are so bad nowadays is that the studios around the tight schedule, so scripts are just pumped out as fast as possible.
And here's more recommended movies. True romance, swingers and favorite Chinatown.
I saw Chinatown, but that was a long time ago.
Yeah, here's a good movie.
What is swingers?
Yeah, it's a decent movie.
That's a movie for George.
Yeah, it's like that.
That's his bag.
I don't have to deal with what you think.
Oh, look at this. Here's a factoring candle, Teddy.
I finally saw Requiem.
I purposely spelled like that, Requiem. It sucks.
Yeah, don't believe his lies.
It's as a rather listening show any day rather than have to put up with that boring, overrated piece of crap.
Oh, can you tune up that scooter that comes on before your show?
Well, what does that mean?
For real?
Oh, tune up, I see.
When I saw the scooter, I thought he was talking about full-vizuto.
Well, I never saw a rizuto in the for all together.
Yeah.
Then he's got some Sammy Sothic row.
Well, Teddy, get yourself some help.
Okay, I'm not interested in Sammy Sothic and his poor bad way of the damn thing.
Okay?
I like Sammy. Sammy's okay with me.
Only too much of that, you know, when he and Mark McGuire had that the battle going there that year.
Too much of that phony baloney with a heart and a hold on and all that other crap, you know, high-fiving and low-fiving and the one finger.
I think he's only going to be holding up the one finger for the immediate future.
What is this?
Neo-Rajas, Michael Powell is shirking his duty by not enforcing FCC rules.
The Democrats must take back the media otherwise be looted.
Oh, when you stop, this is Gerald in the somewhere.
The great majority of people only hear one viewpoint.
Oh, I'm out of Michael Powell.
Yes, cut the crap.
Like I'm going to do something about it.
Okay?
The only good piece of news is a stirrup about one of our bedtime stories on our website today from the AP new media ownership rules faced challenges out of the Washington Post.
Newly relaxed rules governing ownership of newspapers and TV and radio stations face a gauntlet of challenges in the courts and Congress, although it says here a gauntlet.
The East restrictions approved by the Republican controlled FCC law companies to own television stations reaching nearly half the nation's viewers into one of those newspapers and TV and radio stations in the same city.
Uh, where is the channel?
Where the hell is it?
Critics are already campaigning to roll back the changes.
As more and more Americans find out about the FCC's order and rules changes, they're going to push for Congress to overturn them, said Jean Kimmelman, Public Policy Director for Consumers Union,
which publishes Consumers Reports magazine.
You go, boy, you go, Jean.
Several lawmakers of report legislation already decounted the change rules, especially the one that permits a single company to own TV stations that reach 45% of US households up from 35%.
So they're working on it, but don't expect I'm going to do something about it with this activist audience we got that we have to like count them over the head even to get them to call, right?
13 past 11 at 560 WQ and just one quick call to the Dalai my Chris and you won't believe how easy it is to pick out the perfect bed for you and your back.
The expert bed in consultants, the Dalai my first guide you through the whole process.
These people really know their crap. They know their craft inside and out.
To go to a showroom, I'm sure you've had this experience and they start staring you toward a house brand or maybe some discontinued set that they're trying to get rid of or on mismatch or some of the odd thing laying around.
Dalai my Chris doesn't believe in playing games with it. They're so many of the top top quality in the world. They got Celi, Certa, Simmons, temper pete, Mattresses, no sales gimmicks, no false advertising, no false promises, no BS.
And they've got all the high-end bits too like Celi's crown jewel line and the top models from every brand under the sun all at low everyday prices.
And that's why they remember what a customer satisfaction because they don't play games with it. They give you unbeatable everyday low prices as far as deliveries concerned. They're unbeatable.
They show up on time whenever you want any tour window that fits your schedule and they give you free set up and free removal too. You can't beat it with a stick.
So if your old Macris is lumpy and bumpy and worn out, do what I always do. Call Dalai Macris just at one simple call and you'll be doing yourself and your back a humongous favor.
1-800-MACRIS, 1-800-MATTRES or check them out on the web if you like it. macris.com.
Then sex.
I wore much better pants when my career was alive.
You got to get out more, Mo. You're not in a way in here.
Hey, you want something to eat? What do you got?
Nothing, but I can pull something out of my ass.
No, Mo. I gotta get going. I'm starting a new business.
Very no good. Yeah, I'm gonna be a hooker.
I'm proud of my mummler.
Thanks, Mo.
Oh, yeah. You sure you don't want something to eat, huh?
Oh, I can tell you. Hey, what are you? Dr. Dalai Macris?
Oh, no, no, I don't know what you're talking about.
You just took a pistol and a point of fail.
Never description you're morons.
I got him from my deducted.
What's that?
Doctor, what's it through you?
You'll look my hair and ruin a stew.
Oh my god, this place is a mess.
And my underwear smells like hot polo.
Now, get out of here. My favorite show is on.
We gotta lose it.
Ah, I'm stuck with this, I'm stuck with this.
Move, join in this from prestigious broken-back home, son-in.
Oh, come on, me public.
I'd just like to see you.
That's a lovely dress you got on there, your homo.
Thank you.
I'm fine. Put your three-pound items.
I feel like running by the street.
Make it look, look, I'm a naked band.
You want to make me cow-hatch, oh, am I?
Oh, look, you want to make me cow-hatch?
Hey, come here.
I'm breaking my highly-disciroble ass.
Hey, you boy.
You want to make me think it, man?
You're making me think it, man.
Can I have a great deal with this?
Hey, you baby, I'm a naked band.
Take a look at this hair.
Come on, man.
Hey, man.
Hey, drop me.
I was on radio, you know.
I was on the radio.
Just so garnered, told that you won't feel anything.
I was on the radio.
I was on the radio.
Hello.
Up and I decided to stop by and see how you were doing.
Hi, hi, hi.
Oh, this is terrible.
No, no, no, no, no.
I bet you said Sarah Goldfarb has got a better hairdo than Mo though at this stage.
Well, how do we know?
That story about Mo and Farrell.
That should be the tip off to all the doubting tomuses that we have in the audience.
We think that either I'm making a stuff up or that I'm just a hard ass son of a bitch and can't get along with anybody.
That should be all you need to know.
In fact, a quote, Joe Costello from that phone call we had last night.
I don't want to get him in hot water or even look warm.
But he didn't have a rather amusing line.
He said we were talking about Mo.
He said he isn't well liked.
And I said no.
Joe being the master of understanding that he is.
Well, he wasn't talking about inside the building.
He means like even outside the building.
I see.
He means like all over the place.
I get it.
He lives in places they haven't even heard of me yet.
Okay, the new poll is up.
We got 18 quick votes on here.
Let's get with it.
Okay.
And you're right.
The negative people, I mean people have probably haven't seen any of these.
They're just just to be smart ass.
They all sucked.
You know, it's got six.
Didn't see any of nine.
Requiem for Dream 5.
Glen Gary Glen Ross 2.
Memento 1.
Magnolia 1.
Gatica 1.
The game 1.
Schallelgraven happy is none.
Out of the first 26 quick votes.
I'm amazed.
And I think you'll agree.
Maybe you'll disagree.
Maybe you'll be with these other people.
Because we've had what?
A couple of calls on Magnolia and that's it.
Including one guy who didn't like it.
Right.
And a fact from a guy that says it was pretty good.
But Tom Cruise was sucked.
This has got to be Tom Cruise.
I would say his best ever.
He was good in the 4th of July.
And he was also great in Rainman.
So let's you know be fair.
Even though we hit him like poison.
And we think that he's one of those.
You know short one of my people.
5.670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
I'm Craig.
Yeah good good for you.
Look at this.
Look at this response.
Like I said.
Just astonishing to me.
We got two freaking calls on the board.
Here's a lady in 4th order.
Dale.
Hello.
Yes ma'am.
I wanted to chime in on Magnolia.
It's one of my favorites.
I saw it.
Well thank God for you.
It's fantastic.
I've seen it multiple times because it happened to be on satellite.
And I could see snippets of it.
Right.
Not all of it did I understand.
I actually remember going to a website.
And there's a lot of unhibitably challenged.
But there's a lot of biblical references throughout the movie.
For instance, there's a...
So long ago.
There's a part where there's a game show going on.
And if you...
When the camera pans for the audience, people have billboards that have passages from the Bible.
Or references.
Why I didn't even notice that.
I didn't either.
Until I saw the website, saw it again.
But I found that when I told people how great I thought it was and they went to see it,
they didn't have the same response.
And maybe I was hyping it too much.
Maybe they're just stupid.
Good day.
No, no, seriously.
Because it's a very cerebral movie.
And if you don't have an IQ larger than your thumb, you don't get it.
Right.
It's great.
Well thanks for you.
Thanks.
Have a great day.
See, there you go.
There's two of us.
Three of us.
God, I just...
I'm...
You know me.
I always say that line and I stop and think, well, no, why should I be amazed that anything goes on in this show?
Well, in case you forgot, a lot of people called to recommend it while we had been doing this.
Where the hell are they now?
Where the hell are they now?
When we need them.
For example, here's another fact.
Absolutely correct.
Requiem was one of the best movies ever made.
Two other movies you should look into.
Donnie, Darko and Dark City.
Dark City is the...
Can I finish the facts, please, before we get all whipped up?
Dark City is the original matrix, but done so much better.
Donnie Darko is just as good as not better than Requiem.
And the facts.
Dark City was a good idea and it could have been a good movie, but it wasn't.
Looked well.
I thought it was fine.
It was not...
It's not great.
Great.
I bet I know who it's about.
Donnie Dark!
Yeah.
And I want to see Donnie Darko.
Is that like Donnie Brasco?
It's got a big killer song.
Like a black...
A dark skinned Donnie Brasco?
Donnie Darko?
No.
Oh.
It's got a rabbit.
In other words, he doesn't put on blackface.
You do it all over again.
Johnny?
Johnny Depp, not Johnny Darko.
Here's somebody sends me a list of these...
Or at least some of them, anyway, thank God that you...
Maybe you didn't send me all the pages.
I think not.
Good.
Just the top 20 of this A-F-I, the American Film Institute, the one of you.
Revealed the top 50 heroes in top 50 villains of all time.
And they're 100 years 100 heroes that was on the last night.
Hosted by Arnold Schwarzenegger, who earned both a hero and villain honor for his portrayal of the Terminator.
Oh.
See, the Atticus Finsting, I'm sorry.
I do like the part in the movie where Dustin Hoffman is waving a hanky go.
I mean Al Pacino going, Atticus, Atticus.
Right, I like that.
That was good.
That's cute.
And Boo Ratley came out.
You notice there's another pair.
Just like Morgan Freeman and Denzel Washington.
To me, Dustin Hoffman and Al Pacino were almost interchangeable.
I know that sounds...
I know it sounds silly, but I'm just telling you in my mind.
They got that nose.
Maybe that's it.
I don't know what it is, but they're almost interchangeable.
Anyway, Atticus Finsture, top hero, followed by Indiana Jones, James Bond, Rick Blaine from Casablanca.
Wil Cain and Hainoon.
Clarice Starling, Clarice.
Doctor Lector.
Doctor In Silence of the Lamb.
Hannibal Lector was the number one villain.
Back to a hero's eight was Ellen Ripley, nine George Bailey from It's A Wonderful Life.
Oh, the corn is so high.
It's up to my ears.
Give me a couple of ears that I corn.
Te Lawrence from Lawrence of Arabia, 10th.
Jefferson's, this is corn, man.
This is crap.
This is crap.
Oh, Jesus.
And the top villain.
Now, who votes on this?
The AFI?
I'll send you the criteria.
Yeah, I'll send you the criteria.
Now, don't send it to me.
We go through this year.
I don't want to know.
Villains Hannibal Lector, Norman Bates, Darth Vader, Wicked Witch of the West.
And what did Wicked Witch of the West is a silly movie?
It's a kids movie.
Wizard of Oz.
Nurse Ratchet.
Well, she, again, she wasn't a villain in that sense.
I mean, she was a nasty bitch.
She was an antagonist.
Right, but not a villain in the sense.
This is stupid is what it is.
Mr. Potter from it's a wonderful life.
You see a theme going here?
Yeah.
Alex Forrest in fatal attraction.
Phyllis Debterson, double and them thee.
Reagan McNeil in the Exorcist.
She wasn't a villain.
Reagan was a villain.
She was the victim.
The demon was the villain you asshole.
Jesus Christ.
Pazuta.
How does this piss me off?
The queen in Snow White and the Seven Twarfs.
Oh.
Oh.
I want to call Corleona's the villain.
Michael Corleona.
You want to post that on the website?
No.
Absolutely not.
We want to compost it on the website.
Oh, Michael Corleona.
I know where you came from.
You broke my heart.
You broke my heart.
Alex DeLarge, Clockwork Oriente.
He also wasn't a villain.
Right?
He was the anti hero.
Yeah, right.
But I mean, he wasn't a villain.
No.
I mean, villain we think of like, you know, Hannibal Lecter, which is number one or Dracula or Frankenstein or the monster.
Or the villainy that you're rooting for.
No, villain is like the evil door.
The evil door is a W would say.
In fact, W should be on it.
Mr. Deltoid was the villain.
Hal 9000 from 2001 Space Odyssey.
He had like his dialogue.
The alien.
Aemon Goath from Shindler's List.
I don't get it.
Noah Cros from Trinidad Town.
I don't want to read these.
This is depressing to me.
I'm putting this on the bottom of my pile.
I'm going to use it to wipe my ass with later on.
I'm going to take a big healthy wild diarrhea and wipe my ass with that later on.
Because that's all it's good for.
It's crap.
Glad I missed that.
So the audience.
Remember that one fact that we got about how the three of us know nothing about movies.
Right.
I got news for you.
I admit that we aren't experts and we're discovering and uncovering new stuff all the time.
Which is what part of the fun for us of this whole thing, even though the audience hates it.
But we're geniuses compared to these AFI, the Sinoine Electals.
And those brits that wrote that book you have.
Ah, that time out book.
Mm-hmm.
But it does make for a nice door stop.
28 past 11 at 560 WDQM.
If your bald fast train can't help you out.
If your thing is limp, they can't do anything for you.
Except they'll give you the best wishes.
But if you're in a dead end job, now we're talking their language.
Because fast train can have you fully trained and ready for a new high-paying computer career in just four short months.
I want you to say two words right now.
Computer chips.
Computer chips.
Computer chips.
One word.
That's two words.
Well, computer chips.
Just say it fast.
Call fast train and 1-866 fast train.
Because they have locations all over town.
They've got about to be one close to you.
They're in Miami, Kindle for Lauderdale and Pembroke Pines.
Here's the way to get out of that dead end.
No count job or you're making no bucks.
And get yourself a real career and start making a big fat paycheck.
So you can have a real life.
Call fast train today at 1-866 fast train.
They offer you a job placement assistance.
Financial aid.
Convenient day evening weekend classes.
So you have no more excuses to stay in a really crappy dead end job.
Waste in and pining your life away.
Why you could be just one phone call and four months away from a real career.
Jump on that fast train today.
And I'll explain it to you.
There's no obligation.
They'll tell you exactly what they can do for you.
Call 1-866 fast train.
Or if you like.
Before you call, check them out on the web.
At fasttrain.com.
Why in local?
We're sports radio 560-C-L-A-M.
From the respected network, it brought you inside the actor studio.
Comes a new reality show where one eligible bachelor is looking for love.
Among 15 hopefuls in search of a soulmate.
Except this time there's a catch.
They're all men.
And here's another catch.
Not all of them.
Our gay.
Bravo presents, boy meets boy.
I ain't thinking of knowing that gay.
Ain't gonna know you gotta fake it.
Where you do?
You walk funny with it.
Yeah, you walk a little weird.
You know, you put it in.
I'm still here.
Hi, boys.
How you doing?
All landed.
How you doing, Joey?
Joey, I go by.
It's okay.
I hate your belly.
It's milk to you.
I hate your hate.
I said to those firsts.
Let's go around the first piece with me.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Yes, yes.
You want to go fishin' to something?
Yeah, that'll be so romantic.
I, uh, Leonard, you look good in them pants.
Oh, thank you.
You're so sweet.
Yeah, yeah, no mention it.
And it's a nice mouth you're wearing, Lenny.
Well, thank you very much, Billy.
So what you guys know now?
We're gonna go fishin'.
It's gonna be so romantic, Joey.
Joey.
Yeah, Joey.
By the way, Leonard.
Your ass looks good.
Oh, thank you so much.
You're so sweet.
Let me just go get my rod and reel.
No, no, no, no, you guys do that.
Why me?
I know what your rod is.
It's from my truck.
Yeah, but I know what your rod is.
I'm not liking when this is going.
See talkin' about it.
I don't like when this is going.
But by the way, Leonard, your eyes is pretty.
I hope Billy, you're a sweetheart.
I just love you all.
And, uh, Leonard.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, Joey.
You look like you got a good-sized picture.
Thank you so much.
It's you're so, so nice.
Let's go fishin'.
Let me go get my rod and reel.
I know what your rod is.
Yeah, I'm not here and what you're sayin' to me.
But, how's about a quick keen soup?
Ooh, ooh.
Maybe builds your guy fat.
Billy?
Bells.
Look at a tongue on him.
Billy, quick, yes?
Oh, look, I'm his gaze and ex-geys.
Me too, I'm not sayin' anything.
Yeah, I'm a fruitloaf.
I know, that's the eye drawin' a line in.
Let him tell him, Mary.
I know Kesson.
I don't know.
You two, Joey?
Well, I'll kiss ya on a cheek, maybe.
That's not very romantic.
Why you be tongue out?
Put your tongue away.
Come on, kid.
No, no, put your tongue away.
Come on, kid.
Put your tongue away.
Come on, kid.
Come on, kid.
Come on, kid.
Boy needs boy.
Unbrawful.
26th of noon at 5'60.
Don't forget it's Wednesday.
It means our big one to two hour comedy bits today.
Thank God for that.
And we'll have a lot of new stuff to play.
That was a good move I made by getting down the elevator.
Yeah.
Well, and some pullin' back up was probably even a better one.
And thank goodness nobody else was on the elevator coming back up.
They opened up that package and let us just a hysterical shriek.
I mean, I look at that picture and just hysterical.
Here's a lady in plantation.
Hello.
Meal?
Yes, ma'am.
I loved Magnolia.
Well, good.
Maybe it's a ladies' movie.
All I don't think so.
I do.
I do.
You know why?
Uh, Moho and Drive, Memento.
Um, Requiem for Dream.
Yeah.
Um, they're all four star movies.
They have no Goren violence.
They have no shoot them up.
I think, man, I think it is a little too cerebral for your audience.
Yeah.
No, Memento is not a ladies' movie at all.
No way.
I don't think men like to think when they go to the movies.
I don't know what it is.
I thought Memento, yes, was a macho movie.
I think, um, yeah, men should have liked that one.
Now I haven't seen Boogie Knight.
Yeah.
But I loved, like, every movie you've mentioned, that movie was great.
The only movie I didn't see that I saw because if you recommend it,
which is why I like the movie shows, is Happiness, which I love.
And there was also a dog in Magnolia that,
8-boy wasn't supposed to eat.
Yeah.
You see what happens to him at the end.
Mm-hmm.
But, um, and also every, every point.
Yeah, in fact, maybe, we talked about the fact that most of these movies
have got a lot of drug people, people on drugs.
This is the only one of the movies that had a dog that wound up on drugs.
But that was sad when he was, when he was, he was, he was, he was, he was.
That was very sad, yeah.
But the performances were amazing, and you're the only other person I've ever met
that loved that music scene, too.
I thought that was amazing.
Oh, that, that was, that was phenomenal.
But the way that they're, that scene alone,
just that scene alone was so spectacular where all these different people,
including one who was dying and one who was almost in a coma.
Right, they're, they're trying to kill herself.
Right, and they're, they're all moving their lips
and they're singing this depressing morbid song and the little kid
from the A Game Show, he's singing a song.
And he says the message is, give up.
Exactly.
Well, I, I actually own the soundtrack for that movie
because Amy Mann wrote all the original music.
And I thought that song should have won that year for Oscar.
But I think the, I think the song that was nominated was not that song,
but the one that she was singing at the end called, Dave Me.
Right.
And, um, but all the stories were, you know, these,
I think the sign of a good movie like Requiem and this movie Magnolia
is where the characters haunt you when they stay with you.
And even Donnie, the Wiz Kid, I mean, how pathetic he wanted to get braces
because he was in love with his bartender.
Right.
I mean, and, and, and her in the, the farmer, who was the, who was the actor
that played the screaming queen who was the, the, the boat.
I know, he was from Laffin.
What was his name?
Oh, that wasn't, not already Johnson.
Who was that?
The other guy from Laffin.
Oh, for him.
That's the way they did it.
I'm going to blow him up.
Who?
The way they did his hair.
Yeah, Rowan and Martin.
No, the guy with a skinny nose.
Yeah, he was from Laffin, wasn't he?
What the hell is his name?
Well, somebody will know.
I'm glad you liked it.
I'm glad you liked it.
Thanks.
Love it.
Bye.
110 votes.
So far, our last movie pull until whenever we change our mind,
but we got to bring this to an end because the audience is starting to get really upset.
Aren't they?
No.
No, they're not.
It's grown.
Where?
I'm Tony.
I enjoy this because I never would have seen Magnolia.
I never would have seen Requiem for a dream.
Or any of these things because, in fact, Joe was saying to me on a phone last night, Joe Castello.
I was raven him about some of these movies.
He said, and this is the anti-DVD guy I'm talking to because you remember when you got me that DVD player the first time.
And I thought, well, I don't have time for this, you know, it's just not my bag, which is why I never got one in the first place.
But now that I really have the time and the schedule to be able to watch this stuff, I mean, you know,
and minimum one a day now for me, minimum, which means by the middle of August, I'll be broke, but I'll have a great collection.
110 votes.
Didn't see any of those on your list.
34.
Requiem for a dream.
18.
Glengarry Glen Ross 13.
They all suck 13.
Take that with 10 grains of salt.
Momento 11.
Just change them again.
The game ate.
Gatica 6.
Magnolia only 5.
Happiness 2 and shallow grave 1.
Well, that's interesting.
Shale of Graves got one already.
It's British.
Nobody saw it.
No, no, but I was saying it's interesting that it's got one.
Oh, that's good.
It's Carlos.
Do you like that one the best of all of these?
I bet you I bet you was.
And we didn't put Bolly on there so we couldn't vote for that or kids.
He would probably vote for kids.
I think we got a closet something there.
I don't know what.
The closet human being.
Oh, yeah.
Well, he's he's bent out of shape because he's not getting paid on the 10th.
And you forgot my birthday.
And we forgot his birthday today.
Everybody should call wishing my happy birthday.
Okay.
I didn't forget.
Although he's not answering the phone.
5670560.
Top 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Mad Dog at two.
Hank from New York again from the scene of the Belmont at the four 630.
Marlins on deck.
The A's in the Marlins again tonight.
705.
There would be another seven or eight thousand people there.
Maybe any K follows the baseball game.
Any K who's got his legs in the nose and an ice cross and the nostrils.
Hoping for the ducks to pull off the big upset and Joe and Mark overnight two to five in the morning.
And Joe says.
I still can't get over the mark.
I mean, Joe, the one of the names right.
The for real.
I'm not even close.
The for real and mobileness.
That is just the mind.
But see, I'm speechless from it.
And I thought they were golfing buddies.
Get out of here.
He was just talking at crappy with sucking his ass that first day the day the transmitter went down.
No, they played together.
Regardless, but don't you remember that for real came in and ripped him an ass when we were off the air?
Oh, yeah.
And then I played some of that cassette.
So Mo must have got the message real quick.
He's usually a little bit slow on the upchuck.
But he must have got the message real quick that for real also hates him like poison.
So those two guys are already at war.
Well, that's good.
That takes the heat off of us.
Plus those two have to see each other every day.
Oh.
If you got a big ugly ball spot.
Speaking of Mo, you can do a lot of things.
You can either just leave it sit there and you can, you know, let the light shine off your head.
Or you can put a ugly musk red on there.
You can put one of those cats civets.
One of them civet cats on there.
Or you can look civet-lised and have yourself a real great looking head of hair thanks to Chuck Alfieery.
Charlie produces sensational results with his natural hairline system.
And whether you spend a small amount or millions, you can't get a better looking head of hair.
That isn't the real thing because the natural hairline system looks like it is real like it's going out of your scalp.
And he say, Israel, that's right.
And everybody gets Charlie's 38-day guarantee.
So you have nothing to lose with that dig glaring ball spot.
If you don't love after 30 days, the way it looks and the feels and smells in the hair too, Charlie give you a full refund.
So please do yourself a favor.
Forget about the holes in the head and the pills and the muskrats.
Get yourself a great looking head of hair.
And if you mention the arises when you call Charlie, not an extra 200 bucks off the already reasonable price of the natural hairline system.
Call them today, guys.
Get some hair back and look great.
And younger than you ever thought you could again.
1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413.
Or log on to that world famous website, Charles Alfieery.com.
That's my life and look home.
This is 4-405-16.
You're way too way.
Oh god, Neil.
My history was bad now.
All the weapons now.
And those girls in the bag now.
I don't need my crack.
Pop up out the rear hair.
Listen now.
Hey, don't get bothered.
Don't cut that line now.
Don't stick in.
Hand me back home, don't let.
Man, it's a giant.
Pop was out the rear hair.
I'm 4-5 at 5.60 WQIM.
5.607-0560-0.560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon, wireless line.
Run around town telling everybody for rel and more are added.
There are any others, trots.
Here's your field V, tello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is Wayne.
For example, I've been a caller a long time listener.
Last week you were talking on the radio about the best boy.
And I've seen these on movie credits.
I was wondering what is a best boy?
He's a go for it.
From what I understand, the go for it.
I think the ones who bring the coffee and the sandwiches back and stuff like that.
The go for it.
The grip and the gaffer.
Your gaffer.
I was just curious about it.
I know you were talking about it last week.
I'll give you a call because you were talking about the movies and everything.
Okay, pal, there you go.
Thank you so much.
Okay, we got one call on the board.
I want to sit here and cry.
I want to sit down and put my head in my hands and cry.
I mean, I got the picture of Mo on all fours here in front of me,
which amuses the crap out of me to say the very least.
Just enough to make me change underwear every 10 seconds like the little kid in Magnolia on the quiz show.
And a response from hell.
Absolutely nothing.
Why are you?
Now, what is that?
What?
You just sent me a revised schedule.
Is that for real or is that a joke?
It's for real.
I mean, for real.
It's for real?
For real?
Yeah.
I see Mo's name is crossed out on tomorrow's schedule.
Not tomorrow.
Not tomorrow on Friday's schedule.
Tomorrow's only Thursday.
I'm pushing it a little bit.
And we got Goldie Solo on Friday.
Hmm.
Pretty interesting.
Maybe a Mo is going to go out looking for a new address.
That could be it.
And here on your T.F.E.
Finds, he won't be telling for real where it is.
Don't you dare be putting it on the air where I live, the complex.
Okay, so we don't know if he lives in Cemetery of Illigion.
I don't think so.
5.670560, 0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I guess we're lucky that it's Wednesday, you know?
Oh.
Thanks for running me.
He don't want me to tell you to send a check.
He can no check until I get back.
He's going to have to wait just a few days, okay?
Hey, Miguel.
Yeah, I already told him that.
Just tell him the cool is heels.
Okay, Mr. Hock shot in there.
Come just to relax.
Oh, yeah.
Tell him to hop on Doreen's bones for while.
A little calm him down a little bit.
Here's Oakland Park.
Hello.
Mr. Roger speaking.
Hey, Neil.
I wanted to talk to you about that guy, PT Anderson, Paul Thomas Anderson,
the guy that did Magnolia and he did Zogi Knight.
Right.
He also did a movie called The Heart Eight.
I don't know if you've seen that.
But it's based in Vegas and it's got a great cast also.
And he tends to use a lot of the same actors in all his movies.
And you should check it out if he gets a chance.
The great eight?
No, no, the heart eight.
Oh, the heart eight.
Yeah, it's actually, you know, the guy that had the talk show host,
I think it's Phillip Michael Baker, I think it's his name, the actor.
Right.
Phillip Baker Hall.
There you go.
Phillip Baker Hall.
And then the guy, John O'Neill, who's been a ton of movies and is becoming a really,
really good character actor.
Right.
They're the two main actors in the movie and then when it's cultural plays a hooker,
a prostitute in the movie.
And then Samuel L. Jackson plays like a blackmailer type dude and it takes place in Vegas.
Can you tell me the name of the actor that I was talking about the gay old,
the troll that's sitting at the bar in the movie?
No, I know.
I can see him, but I don't know the name of the actor, but that was pretty funny.
Yeah, that whole thing in the bar where they're both chasing after the bartender.
That's a pan, that's a hoot.
Yeah, I think, you know, that movie, you know what?
That movie actually did not get the best review.
Some people loved it, but a lot of critics hated it because they thought that he ripped off a lot of the theme
of the movie from other movies.
So they, they pandered in the way that saying that he was kind of ripping off a whole bunch of different movies.
Well, that's interesting because they got three Academy Award nominations,
Best Original Screenplay, Paul Thomas Anderson, Best Supporting Actor Tom Cruise,
and Best Original Song.
And there's a whole list here on the sleeve of all these different awards they got,
the 1999 Golden Bear Award, Toronto Film Critics Award, and etc.
A lot of them.
And if you can believe Paul Thomas Anderson, I do not believe that he's 30 years old yet.
If you can believe that guy is a genius because he is, I think when he wrote Boogie Nies,
I think he might have been 24 when he wrote Boogie Nies.
Right.
He's a genius.
And for me, I'll say it again, to me, this is the best movie I ever saw.
And I know a lot of people say, how can you say that?
I just said, it's the best movie I ever saw in my life.
And I'll tell you what, the way it's a look at movies is I actually,
I actually choose to see movies because of the writers and the directors that do them,
not really the actors.
And that guy, anything that he does, I actually go out and see,
and I just haven't been disappointed.
Excellent.
Okay. Thanks a lot, Paul.
All right.
All right.
10th till noon, 5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T of Horizon Wireless Line,
to digress for one moment here.
Jim Loeb, Credibility Gap, anyone, it's from the Internet Press Service.
It's on our website today.
All these articles that we like, little bits and pieces,
as opposed to the bedtime stories that I've sent and read long,
like I think it everybody upset, just to give you little tease.
Jim Loeb says, when all three major US Newsweeklies,
Time Newsweek and US News and World Report,
were on major features on the same day on possible government lying,
you can bet you have the makings of a major scandal.
And when the two most important outlets of Neo-Conservative Opinion,
the Weekly Standard and the Wall Street Journal,
come out on the same day with lead editorials,
spluttering outrage about suggestions of government lying,
you can bet that things are going to get very hot as summer approaches in Washington.
The controversy over whether the administration of President George W. Bush
either exaggerated or lied about evidence that said it had about
the existence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq before the US-led invasion
has mushroomed over the past week.
And it goes on in life.
You want to read this column?
Jim Loeb, Credibility Gap, anyone, question mark?
It's on our website, neo-rangers.com.
And then I turn on, I come in here this morning and potted up.
And Moe is talking about the president's lies.
And I thought, well, maybe he's out of his territory, but he's talking about Bush.
Now, what he's talking about is Hillary's book,
which we do have a story about that also on the website.
He's talking about Hillary's book and about how he lied about his affair with Monica.
Now, this coming from a guy who lies about his age,
who lies about whether or not certain people were pushed off his show by him,
I mean, you ask him what time it is,
and you have to look at your watch to make sure he's not lying to you.
And he's talking about Bill Clinton lying.
And I heard a succession of calls, by the way,
that weren't too pleased with his take.
That we're talking about the lies about the weapons of mass destruction,
which are sure a hell of a lot more significant than lies about blow jobs.
And the one caller I heard that was right on top of it was telling Moe
that he was eminently unqualified to be discussing something of that nature.
Absolutely correct, sir, right on.
Don't take any crap from a daughtering old man,
who's down on his hands and knees with a lamb shed on his neck.
560, 7.0560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Lantana. Hello.
Hey, I think you're talking about Henry Gibson.
Henry Gibson, that's who it was.
Yeah. Magnolia.
Yeah, Magnolia is a great movie, man. Great movie.
How could these people not agree?
I mean, I understand people have different tastes,
but what is it that they might not have liked?
I don't know.
Too much to think about, maybe. I don't know.
Maybe too many frogs.
Now, what do you make of that?
Because I don't know that there's one interpretation,
but what do you make of it? The frog.
Well, I don't want to give it away.
What do you mean, give it away?
Well, I mean, I wanted to, because people,
a lot of people didn't see the movie.
They've heard that there's a frog scene in there,
but we don't want to tell them that it's raining frogs.
No, because that actually does happen.
I mean, not, I'm sure not in that amount,
but that does happen.
Right, I know. Well, everybody knows that,
but what do you think it means?
I don't think it means anything.
Really?
I think just like the narrator keeps saying during the movie,
crap happens, you know.
Yeah.
There's our crap happens.
Yeah, there's always something.
Exactly. That's right. That's exactly correct.
Yeah.
All right. Yeah. Can I recommend a couple more to you?
Sure. Go ahead.
Have you seen Secretary?
No.
Yeah.
You might like that.
Okay.
Pretty kinky.
And sexy beast. Have you seen that?
No.
That's great, man.
Sexy beast?
Yeah.
Certainly isn't it about our beast.
I'll tell you that.
It's a beast.
This is the beast.
Ben Kingsley.
Ben Kingsley is in it, and it's a...
He's an animal.
It's great.
Okay.
Yeah. Definitely see that.
Got him down. Thanks, Palley.
You got it.
Even though the audience will be very upset
because you're continuing this movie thing,
are you ever going to stop this?
No.
We'll stop it when we feel like it.
How do you like that?
We'll stop it.
Huh?
When we've seen it.
And that's right, when we've discussed every last movie
that's ever been made.
And, not only that,
look, here's Black Cat White Cat.
Oh, my God.
It's a...
Oh, I see.
It's a foreign language movie.
So if he swore, we'd know what he said.
You ever see Black Cat White Cat?
No.
So there's one.
Here's one called The Men on the Drive In Movie Channel
to help release this release from prison
taken interest in a woodland nymph
is a means of exploring the opposite sex,
Donald Peelon and Andre Pelatier,
or a frog movie.
Another one of those.
It's on the Drive In Movie Channel.
Oh, I see.
You're so beautiful both of you.
I got it.
He gets.
I love you.
Oh, how emotional.
Real corn, just what you'd expect on a channel
that you can't get, but that's where it goes.
5667-0560-0.560 on the AT&T line.
We're asking our last movie poll ever
because the audience is starting to get really antsy.
Which of these movies did you like the most?
169 votes.
Didn't see any of them.
51.
So yeah, that's why I think we're doing a server.
53, like I said.
Glen Gary Glen Ross, 24.
They all suck 24.
Totally bogus that number.
Requiem for Dream 23.
Memento 15.
The Game 12.
Gadica, 11.
Magnolia, 11.
Happen as two in shallow grave only one.
shallow grave is pretty surprising.
If you've seen, if you want those movie mavens
that seem just about every movie that anybody ever heard of,
and you didn't see shallow grave, you might want to pick that up.
It's got you and McGregor in it.
No, I'm not in it.
Me and McGregor?
Yeah.
Both of you.
Now you and McGregor, is he play Alex?
Oh, he played it on the name of the...
Yeah, David.
Well, David's a goofy guy with a glasses.
That's runs a lot of time in the attic.
Now Alex, I thought was Alex was okay.
I was pulling from there at the end.
Tappy?
Yeah.
Tappy McCallum.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Anyhow, how you doing?
Pretty good.
And you should keep this movie thing in to whenever you feel like taking it off, man.
And I went a little reprimand to back on my little coffee.
Yeah.
Beautiful, beautiful.
Have you ever seen American Psycho?
Yes.
Just saw it a couple weeks ago.
It was great.
Yeah, it's a great movie.
And another movie I saw was Rules of Attraction with James Vanderbieg
and a whole like young cast, young Hollywood.
Yeah, I was...
Somebody suggested that and I was going to watch it, but then I figured why I changed my mind about getting it.
What we talk about the other day.
What I decide?
It's the Dawson's Creek Kid and you don't like it.
Oh, I can't stand that kid.
The kid from Dawson's Creek.
He's actually pretty funny in this movie.
I mean, I don't like him at all, but I saw the movie because of the chicks and I.
But the story's great.
It's like, it's sending car loads and drugs everywhere.
And it's like eight kids and they're all cheating on each other.
But it's true.
A lot of drugs in these movies, you know it?
I guess not everybody is just saying, like Nancy Reagan said, okay, I'll write it down.
You should watch it at least once, just like Rick Wim.
Okay, thanks, thanks, Bally.
No problem.
So, he says we should continue doing until we feel like not doing it.
How do you like that?
At the...
Yeah.
That's the way it goes.
And we'll see.
We'll see what's up and what's down, you know.
Don't let me forget to read the Paul Krugman.
It's not really that long.
It's pretty short.
In the next hour.
Okay.
Because we only got one more.
Then we got the one to two hour.
I'll tell you this, ten to two, man.
I don't know why.
But it goes by like, grease-lightening and a witch's ass.
It just flies by.
Well, speaking about ants, I wonder how muff me audit the ants doctor.
He's running around.
He's looking fine.
Oh, is he?
Yeah.
Well, that's good.
I sure hope he doesn't have any of that.
Gas left in that they pump India when you go for that colonoscopy.
They pump India.
I don't know.
Seriously.
You don't think they've done it yet?
Oh, they haven't done what yet.
They haven't done the colonoscopy yet?
No, I think they did the pre-cleaning.
The pre-cleaning?
I don't know.
I'm just making that up.
The excavation?
Oh, wow.
Set up a scouts.
They said something about two loose-lot tracks.
That was the report I heard.
They've done the cleaning.
What are you talking about, man?
You're disgusting.
You're sick.
Now, you didn't see Magnolia either, right?
Not yet.
Get it.
Read it.
I would say five, but it's one of those expensive ones.
Read it.
I think I'd be amazed if you'd been both agree with me that it was just phenomenal.
And of course, in your case, if you want to get paid again, forget about the tenth.
But love him 58 at 560 WQN for a long time for a Koon's age.
It seems like I've been telling you about Oliomet.
In fact, I'm having him ship it to me all the time right here so I can take it for my blood pressure.
And it's really good stuff.
Oliomet soft shells contain the finest, the purest olive oil under the sun.
And it is super concentrated stuff loaded with all kinds of health benefits for you.
Oliomet, if you may, can not produce the risk of all kinds of nasty, grow test things that you want to avoid like heart disease and high cholesterol.
And now there are 14 different Oliomet formulas to choose from each for a different part of your health.
Each one combining pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins, minerals and herbals to support specific health needs from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system.
Like I said, just pick out the ones that are right for you and what you need.
And now there are three brand new Oliomet formulas, one to help you sleep, one to help you control that disgusting weight and self-cuting, which is so important for your heart.
Pick them up today while you're out doing your shopping. Pick up Oliomet at Publix, Echards, Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarro, Sedanos or Ordered Online if you prefer at OliometAmerica.com.
If you want more information called or tool free number NL, answer all your questions, call 1-866 Oliomet.
That's 1-866-6536-333. If you want to do something very inexpensive and positive for your health, start popping some Oliomet in your push today.
And look all, this is 4256-2-8-2-8-2-2-2-8.
If you want more information called or tool free number NL, answer all your questions, call 1-866-6536-333.
If you want more information called or tool free number NL, answer all your questions, call 1-866-333.
If you want more information called or tool free number NL, answer all your questions, call 1-866-333.
If you want more information called or tool free number NL, answer all your questions, call 1-866-333.
If you want more information called or tool free number NL, answer all your questions, call 1-866-333.
If you want more information called or tool free number NL, answer all your questions, call 1-866-333.
That's William C. Schwarzschwarz.
A game show host and an estranged daughter will each become part of a dazzling multiplicity of plots, but one story.
Through a collusion of coincidence, chance, human actions, shared media, past history and divine intervention, they will all weave and work through each other's lives on a day that builds to an unpergivable climax.
Some will seek forgiveness, others escape, some will men-fraid bonds, others will be exposed.
Magnolia is a mosaic of American life woven through a series of comic and poignant vignettes.
Got it?
Yeah, I got it.
Give me a little taste, a little teaser, a little something, that's the way you're beac.
What you're beac?
566-70560, pound 560 on a AT&T, and Verizon Marvellous Line.
Nothing for you.
Can't you just see that scene?
Beenervoy is going to play Joey Zaza.
And Clarence is going to come through on the 10th on Payday, all the envelopes.
Look at Beenervoy and say, nothing for you.
Although he does make a fellow figura.
So you keep saying the 10th, it would have been tomorrow.
I know direct deposit.
I don't want to hear about it.
No, actually what he's getting this payday is direct deposit.
Here's a call from Dallas.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
All right, let me give you some of my credentials before I tell you what I'm about to tell you about a best boy.
I'm a union electrician.
I worked out of local 20 of the IVEWN Los Angeles, which is the studio local.
Okay.
The best boys, sometimes you'll see a listing for electrician or gaffers, which are basically the same thing.
Right.
The best boy is the head electrical foreman.
And he's usually the biggest company suck ass on the job.
Okay.
Right.
That's why he gets his name up there.
So when I said he's the gopher, that's the partly true.
Am I right?
No, he is the head electrical foreman.
He's got gopher's working for him.
Okay.
He's the big company foreman.
All right.
Now I got a question for you because I'm fixing to go to Amsterdam.
Why is that?
Don't do it, man.
Please, I'm begging you.
I'm serious.
Don't do it.
Why is it a toilet?
Don't ask me.
It's a toilet because there are no tourists going there anymore because there's very rampant
unemployment.
So there are a lot more beggars and shleppers in the street drug peddlers running around who are the low-life scum of the city.
And it's just a shadow of what it used to be.
You'll be very disappointed.
You've never been there before?
No.
You should go there every year.
Oh, sorry, I haven't heard you've been there many times.
Indeed.
Well, what was the last time you were there?
It has been a year and a half.
Okay.
Well, keep in mind that I lived there for a few months, the last couple of years, plus I haven't gone there for 16 years.
So I've been there probably a hundred times.
I mean, go ahead if you want, but I would just warn you.
You'll be very disappointed.
So last time I went there was a lot of construction.
Are you just the streets were torn up and stuff?
No, no, no, no.
That's always great.
That's just a given.
That doesn't bother me.
But it's just a dank and depressing and there's very few tourists in it.
You're not going to be happy.
It will not be the Amsterdam that you remember.
It would be like going back to Detroit, you know, and trying to...
Out of the...
Yeah, exactly.
Seriously, trying to relive the Motown days in Detroit.
It just ain't the same anymore.
I'm going to go to Sanford or Harlem or something.
Huh?
I'll go to Sanford or Harlem down to...
It's about 15 minutes train ride from Amsterdam.
Have you ever been in Cologne, Germany?
No.
Frankfurt.
Now, forget about Frankfurt.
Two and a half hour train trip from Amsterdam from Central Station.
Cologne, Germany, I promise you, it'll be one of the biggest surprises of your life.
A good one.
All right.
Okay?
It's on my...
I'm going to carry on.
Have a good time, Pali.
Bye now.
Thank you, Shane.
And I'll still believe it.
And put scenes.
No, I'm serious.
I'm not a kid, man.
Amst today, if that's on your right, Tenerife for this summer, put it off a year.
Okay?
And I don't know.
We'll have to get spy reports, I guess, because I'm not going to go back and test the waters.
You know what I mean?
Well, I'm not going to take close those coffee shops.
I'm not going to take close those coffee shops or prevent them.
No, no, but that's just the way of everything is going.
And see, the French are the ones who are like, because now they're a member of the EU.
Netherlands, they're in that EU.
EU?
Yeah.
And that's what they're saying.
EU, maybe that was a mistake we shouldn't have done that.
Because they're trying to like clamp down a little bit on the permissive ways in the Netherlands.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
What?
It's just like what the United Facts is.
It's...
Oh, it's just like what the US is doing to Canada with the Amerwana laws and everything else.
Trying to like stick their nose into our business.
Another one of those facts is about what?
The Bush was resume.
Another six pages coming across.
Oh, stop sending us that Bush business.
Okay, it's not funny.
We've seen it a million times.
And it wasn't funny the first time, okay?
Jesus.
Joseph and Saul.
Now let me forget that Paul Krugman piece.
Don't forget that Paul Krugman piece.
This hour.
Here's a call from Davy.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
How are you today?
Great.
Did you see on the BBC, they have a special commission coming up against players government to find out
who was lying about the weapons of mass destruction.
Right.
And did you see Dodd and McCain on TV this week talking about...
Oh, my God.
Yeah, they were on TV and they were talking about how they want to have a bipartisan commission to find out who was exaggerating the weapons of mass destruction.
Now my question is, do you think all those little lying born againers are going to go against W and try to get him and Peach when they figure out he was lying?
No.
Absolutely not.
You think they're going to be indignant about anything that he's done?
No, lying about taking us to war and killing a whole bunch of people and having a whole bunch of our people killed for no reason at all, except greed.
That's not bad, but if it's blow jobs then it's really bad.
We know that.
Even a lot, I think, is...
You know, I hate black people centered a lot.
You know, the one I'm talking about.
Even he is in this thing now where he wants to find out who was lying and who's exaggerating.
And I said, have income up.
Something must be up.
Yeah, there you go.
So I know.
There's a big stink coming like that article I read, that credibility gap article there.
There's a big stink coming.
You only see the beginning of it.
Well, you know what?
In addition to it, let me ask you this.
You know that big commission that Kissinger was supposed to be on and the George Mitchell.
Yeah, they were investigating the pre-9-11.
What more did we ever hear about that?
I've never heard anything.
No, I forget about it.
That's Steve.
I mean, they put...
That's like putting the fox in the chicken hands, right?
The chicken.
But my point being, I mean, they put a couple of flunkies and charge there and...
And they've still had no information about that.
They'll have it telling the truth.
Well, I hope they get to the bottom and make W.O. to be the liar that he really is because
all that exaggeration just so he could go over and kick his dad's enemy there.
That was ridiculous.
Yeah, and don't forget about his friends at Bechtel and all the other Halle Burton, too.
Yeah, what a bunch of thieves, you know?
Good luck.
Good luck to us, Pally.
All right.
Thank you, Dale.
I think their day is coming.
I hope so because his polls are down to 32% among the Democrats right now.
And they were on TVB Monday.
And the people were mean.
The one woman said he's a dangerous little man and we have to get him out of here.
Yeah, you say it again.
He was dangerous and the poll said, who do you want as your candidate?
And 62% of them said, we don't care that the registered Democrats is long as it can be bush.
We don't care what they think about the issues.
Now, isn't that a hell of a note?
That is.
It's called ABB, anyone but Bush.
I know, right?
Okay.
Got the vote early and often, man.
Yeah.
560, 7.05, 60, 0.5, 60 on the AT&T line.
You know, you watch him.
He's over there.
He's been prancing around in Europe and now he's going over there in the Middle East.
And you watch him speak and you say to you, you really ask yourself, can this man really be the president of this country?
Is it possible that there are people anywhere who really take him seriously?
I got a hand.
It's a John Quetzian, our Prime Minister here in Canada, even though he's a silly frog.
I got to say this.
He continues taking every opportunity he can to tell like it is.
But about the outrageous deficits that this administration's built up about the fact that this guy's a bozo.
I mean, even though they were over there like, you know, patting each other on a shoulder and smiling face to face,
Crutch A made it very clear right from the beginning that this man's a dumb-bo.
You just want, I mean, we had Gerald Ford, but keep in mind nobody elected him.
He got in when Nixon quit.
And even that peanut farmer Carter beat him in 76.
So nobody elected Gerald Ford president.
Tell him or then saw us.
But this guy, I mean, at least Reagan, for all of his dangerous and he sure was dangerous.
He was the first pawn of the right wing to ever win the White House.
But it was a movie actor. He was slick.
Right. Even the shoe polish was slick. He looked good up there.
But this guy's about as slick as the cobblestone streets in Amsterdam by the Red Light District there.
Oops. Don't fall down.
I'm big enough guy. Dallas, don't do it, man.
Don't do it because you'll be so depressed and so sad.
You'll say, what happened to this place?
And I think there was a very good analogy to compare it to Detroit.
Detroit used to be an exciting, a great city.
I mean, just fabulous place. The Motown area, the early 60s, the mid 60s.
And then something happened in 67. I think it was called a bunch of fires.
1214 at 560 WDQM. How low can they go? We're asking today and we're talking about interest rates.
Because right now financial group is doing the limbo rock under the lowest B financing rate you've heard of in a long time.
1.95% sound sensational. And it's true.
Now you can refinance your home or buy a new home and get you a super low.
1.95% financing with our friends at financial group.
Call toll free 1-800-940-Lend. That's 1-800-940-Lend.
If you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate, call financial group.
And if you want to talk about saving specifically, here are some payment examples for you.
If you have a 100,000-dollar loan, your payments get down only 368 bucks a month.
If you have you a 200,000-dollar loan, your payments are only 736 bucks a month.
So call financial group toll free at 1-800-940-Lend and get that low, low rate that you've been looking for for a long time.
1.95% interest rates are at all time low. So don't wait, call now and get you 1.95% financing from financial group.
Be sure to tell me the Todd Dreck told you to call 1-800-940-Lend. That's financial group at 1-800-940-Lend.
Equal housing lender, credit restrictions apply. Rate something to change monthly 5.19 APR.
That's Todd Dreck as in PUTZ.
On the line that you'll local, this is 560. The radio's on your top.
I'm gonna kill you, Ian.
Tonight, on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story,
she was an outspoken Irish gal with no hair. She was Shimano Connor.
You're not gonna come here. You're not gonna come here. You're not gonna come here.
What do you want from me? I'm f**king bald. I shaved my f***** head. What does that tell ya?
Some have drawn the correlation between Shenato Connor's short-lived career and her talent for pissing off everybody on the freaking planet.
Don't get me started.
I remember when she tore up the picture of the Pope on Saturday night live.
I begged the shenanigans, but the Pope gave her a stack of 8-bit tends to choose from. Richard Nixon, Gandhi, Kristy McNichol, anything.
But no, it's gonna be the Pope. Of course I asked her why she's being so difficult. She tells me...
I f*****g bald. I got no hair, you d**ft pile of sh**t. Don't f*****g with me.
Realizing that Shenato had her only hit with a song written by Prince, we asked the purple rain star about his experience with the fire real Connor.
So, if I may, Prince.
Oh, Jesus, sorry. The artist formerly known as Prince.
What was your memory of Shenato Connor?
Look, she's f*****g bald. She shaved the f***** head. Now what does it tell you?
Shenato Connor. She was the Susan powder of rock music.
Hey, give us a break. How many bald chicks can you come up with off the top of your head?
It's a big juicy shopping wood. Look at show business. Tonight, on inside the mind.
You won't believe this, but I've never heard that before. I just played it off the new disc, and when he got to the part about she shaved her head bald.
And immediately Shenato Connor popped into my mind. And within like three seconds he said it.
How do you like that? Oh, yeah.
Shocking. Amazing.
Twenty past noon at 560 WDQA. And I have another feeling. I have a sucking prediction that Pharrell and Moore are going to be these other trots for days and weeks and months to come.
What do you think of that?
Oh, right. I think it's going to be really hairy.
Oh, God.
Here's a call from Miami. Hello.
Miami.
Hello, deal. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great.
I hear about that. I asked so Riley having that argument about lying about getting that P body ward.
Now, a big blow out of the book. Some meeting they had a heaven and that other right ass right is fascist comic.
You know, I about getting the people out of P body ward and then he's been lying.
I mean, that a big thing about him and you yesterday.
I think what it was is he played Mr. P body did the voice in a bullwinkle. Wasn't that it?
Did you hear P body?
Or maybe he wants to have made a pit stop in P body mass. Ever been to P body?
No, no, forget about 560.
560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
I'm sure glad that this last caller really had his fact plate out there for us.
That other right wing, Kami Pico.
Somebody will know. Here's a call from Kendall. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay. I want to see what your opinion was on how it Dean.
The Vermont governor.
He's, you know, he's been pretty good. So far, I don't know that much about him. I read some of his comments.
I think he's pretty good. He's involved.
I heard some of his comments and I agree with a lot of his.
His start at least he had an opinion.
As an opinion, he's not afraid to express it. He's not afraid of Bush.
He's not afraid to bash the crap out of him. Dennis Cassinich is making some nice noise too.
Even though the media is ignoring him.
He's saying a lot of the right things. And Senator Bobby. He could be the dark horse Senator Bobby. He's been good.
Evan is no vac calls Howard Dean a dangerous dark horse.
Good. Good. Well, keep in mind. Keep in mind that before 76, nobody ever heard of Jimmy Carter before 92.
Nobody ever heard of Bill Clinton. So a lot of these guys. It's only in the last when you get to the primers that these guys emerge.
And I have a feeling that we're going to have a much larger voter turnout this year.
Just called it crazy. And that always favors the new candidate, not the incumbent.
Right. So I think, I mean, my opinion is Bush can't win. I know so many people.
That's really funny. This guy. Yeah. He'll defeat him.
I'll everyone at least I know someone who works in the upper ass lines of IBM International Business Machine.
They all don't like. I don't know why, but they don't like him. I have a whole bunch of senior citizens. Don't like him.
They have more veterans. I mean, it's amazing. The spectrum of people that don't like him.
I can't meet anybody who likes a guy. So we'll see. I don't know. Maybe he'll win, but I just don't see it being called.
Depends on how many million phony votes. I guess they can come up with next time.
Yeah. And how many hundreds of millions he can promote himself with? No shortage of that, man.
All right. Thanks. Well, I'd like to ask pal, how are Dean's okay in my book?
I mean, he's better than John Dean or Jimmy Dean and dizzy Dean and daffy Dean.
Here's the fact that says, oh, it's just an FYI thing. Greg got that in the mail.
It's the opposite of the truth. And from the guy with the eyes.
Oh, the guy with the eyes. Oh, no. Now I know whose handwriting that is on the.
I know when he yells on vacation, you're hard up to put on entertaining shows, but George is the worst.
Mr. Reed. This is written like a retard wrote it. So you know why? Probably is the guy with the eyes.
Hey Greg, I could chuckle up chuckle. You're going to get your. Oh, he come in. Yeah.
Yeah, he's doing it. You come in and say, by the way, being a boy, you will get paid on time this week.
And don't look clear and says, little with your money.
No. Today around 10, 20, a father called George about his missing 60 year old daughter.
Well, this is on 5, 19. This is when I was on vacation. Right.
George fluffed him off saying he didn't want to.
Down. I thought this is the thing that you put on the.
Right. Longer.
Honestly with him. We met with him in the.
And they found her and they found this cigarette. Right.
And we put it up on the website and he thanked us profusely.
You know, this Kenny, the guy with the eyes. Here you're an imbecile.
OK. In fact, the probably Gilbert left him for another guy.
OK. Is what I'm thinking probably left him for the guy with a fanny pack.
And that's why he's got too much time on his hand.
You're a simpleton can. OK. Get a freaking life.
All these years. I mean, the years just go smoking by almost 30 years in this market.
And the same tired missfits. The same sad quizzlings.
The same no lives continue darkening our door in our goddamn radio speakers.
Jesus Christ. And then the best part of him is he'll come to your appearances and just suck your ass.
You know, to your face. Right. Anyone will tolerate it.
To your Georgia. You're gonna do anything for free.
You know, we don't want to see you. We don't want to know from you.
Just like the time he came up showed up at high alia with his other boyfriend there.
That little chubby misfit.
Oh, what you did to the bird was unconscious.
It all what you did to the bird and give me a lamp.
Sitting there trying to watch the races and enjoy myself.
And he comes out there to the track expecting me to put on a talk show for him.
You need mental health, man. You need serious help.
In fact, that's one of those polls we should take in where we talked about who should have lived and who should have died.
The tree lady, his mother, she should still be alive.
And he ought to be pushing up daisies.
The guy with the eye eye eye eyes.
Jack. He might last appearance. He still lives with dad and doesn't work.
Doesn't work, huh? Go get a job. You quizzling. You loser.
You will lung head.
Anyway, 254 votes are last movie poll today till we change our minds.
It won't be for a while till, well, but Thursday, right?
Which of these movies did you like the most?
Didn't see any of made it to Glen Gary Glen Ross 36.
Huh? That's pretty good.
They all suck 34. Requiem for a dream.
Which wasn't first place.
31.
The game 20, momentum, a momentum 19.
A gattica 14, magnolia 13.
Happiness only five in shallow grade four.
I'm surprised happiness isn't doing better.
Maybe because it's too morbid for them. Maybe because there's too much about petrification.
Maybe nobody saw it because it got sold out.
What do you mean by that?
Oh, nobody can get a copy of it.
You seen it.
And on a scale of five stars, you give it 4.5.
Right, exactly what I had in mind.
Bonerboy, you see it?
Happiness?
No. I'll bring in my copy.
Yes.
By Magnolia, and then he can watch it too because he's on a very, very restricted budget the next couple of weeks.
27 pass known when you drive by that I 95 overpass right there by where the big oak tree is.
Just throw a few shekels out there for bonerboy. He'll be out there with a guy that McDonald's cup in his hand.
If your carpets are looking and smelling pretty nasty, there's one thing you can do.
Well, a lot of things you can do. You can waste a lot of money. You can slap home heavy equipment for the supermarket and try to clean them yourself.
And boy, would you be sorry?
Or you can call dry concepts, the miracle workers who have been using it in my house for over 20 years because they're the best in the world.
That's one simple reason to use them. And other good reason is because they don't rip you off.
They give you a fair guaranteed price every time you use them. And I mean guaranteed in writing before they start the job.
And they make your carpeting, your draper, your expensive area rugs and rugs look and feel and smell just like brand new.
And also your pulse, your little furniture. If you have problem with pet odors, milder odors caused by water damage, no problem.
Drug capsules will waive their magic wand and make those all disappear too.
And one of the best deals is your carpets are drying a couple of hours and you're ready to rock and roll again.
They smell like fresh and they look and feel just like brand new. No saturation no matter how hopeless they look right now.
Dry concepts can make those carpets look just like brand new.
Call them today. You'll be delighted when you call them the first time. You'll never think about using anybody else.
1-800-248-5071. 1-800-248-5071 or log on to their website at dryconcepts.com.
With dry concepts cleaned today, entertained tonight. Not just their slogan, it's their business.
We're supposed to be on 5-6-2-3-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-66-e-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-7-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
Pro 33 at 560 WQA and Laura faxes and says, I love you but please stop talking about
movies not all your listeners go to the movies regularly.
Nice time I went to the movies just to see the original Rocky.
See Laura I know this may come as a shock to you sweetheart since you're a little bit
behind the time.
But they have these amazing things called video tapes and DVDs.
Almost every movie that has ever been made is now available in some some store.
On video tape and or DVD that's what stimulated this whole series of conversations was I discovered
by DVD player was really a great thing and I started watching all these movies.
And I don't know if you have to buy and you can go and rent them.
In fact Joe was telling me that Janina his wife what the hell is the name of the thing
on the on the internet.
Next day movies or something like that.
I have a service.
Oh on.
Can't think of the website but anyway it's a service where they send you a movie and
then you watch it and you send it back and they send you another one.
That every day what is it Netflix Netflix Netflix dot com.
And I don't know how much it costs but obviously you're not buying a bunch of movies and you're
just getting them for one day and you watch it and you send it back and keep it in different
every day or however often you want I guess.
See that's the way it works Laura that that's why that's why this whole thing developed
now because there's a whole I mean I agree with her that back in the olden days when
you start talking about movies when most people never saw what what's the point you know.
But here what we're trying to do is we're trying to like stimulate you to go out and
rent it or buy it and watch it because we think it's going to be very entertaining and
you might actually enjoy it.
I know that's probably illegal in South Florida but just keep your door closed real tight.
Keep the door locked at least better than Matt Dylan didn't at the dump he was living
in.
See if he'd have kept that door shut a little bit tighter haven better off and kept
the hats off the bed.
Don't let David in.
Oh too late.
Gerard says one film that's a definite must see is the insider sought Gerard Gerard was
great movie based on the whistleblower from a major tobacco company with Al Pacino.
As 60 minutes producer little Bergman and Russell Crowe's excellent as the troubled whistleblower
also check out Christopher Plummer's incredible turn is Mike Wallace directed by Michael
Man you're right Gerard if the next one flick the insider outstanding with Al Pacino
where actually plays a good role Al Pacino is great if he's playing a good role if he's
playing Al Pacino then.
No sure if he's just a little role where he's camping it up as himself like that forget
about it is what I would say that's what he told the Johnny Depp to forget about it.
1235 here's the Paul Krugman article thanks for reminding me standard operating procedure
from yesterday's New York Times so for sure.
Okay the mystery of Iraq's missing weapons of mass destruction has become a lot less mysterious.
Recent reports in major British newspapers and three major American news magazines based
on leaks from angry intelligence officials back up the sources who told my colleague Nick
Kristoff that the Bush administration grossly manipulated intelligence about WMDs.
And anyone who talks about an intelligence failure is missing the point.
The problem lay not with intelligence professionals but with the Bush and Blair administrations.
They wanted a war so they demanded reports supporting their case while dismissing contrary
evidence kind of sounds like the award commission report.
In Britain the news media have not been shy about drawing the obvious implications and
the outrage has not been limited to war puns the times of London was ardently pro war nonetheless
a grand in analysis under the headline lie another day.
The paper drew parallels between the selling of the war and another misleading claims the
government has seen is having spun the threat from Sodom's weapons just as it spins
everything else.
Yet few have made the same argument in this country even though spin is far too mild
a word for what the Bush administration does all the time.
Suggestions that the public was manipulated into supporting an Iraq war gained credibility
from the fact that misrepresentation and deception are standard operating procedure for this
administration which to an extent never be foreseen in US history systematically and
brazenly distorts the facts.
Am I exaggerating even as George Bush then report us by declaring that we have found
the weapons of mass destruction the Republican National Committee declared that the latest
tax cut benefits everyone who pays taxes this is simply a lie.
You've heard about those eight million children in the night any tax break by last
minute switch a rule in total 50 million American households including a majority of those
with members over 65 get nothing another 20 million receive less than a hundred dollars
a piece and a great majority of those left behind do pay taxes.
And the ball faced misrepresentation of an a leaders tax cut offering little or nothing
to most Americans is only the latest and long string of blatant statements misleading the
public has been a consistent strategy for the Bush team on issues ranging from tax policy
and social security reform to energy in the environment.
So why should we give the administration the benefit of the doubt on foreign policy?
It's long past time for this administration to be held accountable over the last two years
would be kind of a custom to this pattern each time the administration comes up with another
walker partisan supporters a group that includes a large segment of the news media
obediently insist that black is white and up is down.
Meanwhile the quote unquote liberal media report only that some people say that black is black
and up is up and some democratic politicians are for the administration in valuable cover
by making excuses and playing down the extent of the lies.
If the same lack of accountability extends to matters of war and peace were in very deep trouble
the British seem to understand this max Hastings the veteran war and core a correspondent
who supported Britain's participation in the war writes that the Prime Minister committed
British troops and sacrificed British lives on the basis of the seat and its stinks.
It's no answer to say Sodom was a murderous tyrant I could point out that many of the
neoconservatives who foamed at this war were nonchalant or worse about mass murders
by Central American death squads in the 80s but the important point is that this isn't about
Saddam it's about us the public was told that Saddam posed an imminent threat if that claim was
fraudulent the selling of the war is arguably the worst scandal in American political history
worse than Watergate worse than Iran contra indeed the idea that we were deceived into war makes
many commentators so uncomfortable that they refuse to admit even the possibility but here's
the thought that would should make those commentators really uncomfortable support that this
administration did connoisse in the war and suppose that it is not held accountable for its
deception so Mr. Bush can fight what Mr. Hastings calls a khaki election next year in that case our
political system has become utterly and perhaps irrevocably corrupted you say irrevocably
or irrevocably irrevocably how about forever
permanent or a momento good article as usual Paul Krugman in yesterday's New York Times
standard operating procedure don't forget to read that article by Paul Krugman okay
20 to 1 at 560 to attend attend to two man just flies by we got our big one to two hour coming up
and for Vicki who requested those three songs I'll play them all for all the three bits
because I'm in a really good mood because I enjoyed Magnolia tremendously and also enjoyed the
other one was the other one I was show of grave and that mo picture oh the mo picture if you're
depressed oh my god just try to envision for yourself mo how are david had down around all fours
with that big doggy head lamb shade around his neck down all fours with a big gut no next time
they take a picture like that maybe a little bit better a pair of under panties he's got a pair of
he's got a pair of panties under they're so small it's a pretty pair and the panties too
and he's in that all fours doggy style position there with a big kind of smirk on his face
their mind sends the hair and sends the teeth that seems to be his new pock you lately
you know what I'm saying people are 20 to 1 at 560 the audience seems to really be in
the foreall I should point that out too you notice even though he's been a little too marlin
intensive for my taste I don't really he's got my support 400 percent we love for
well you know what we're saying I get the feds looking for me we won't tell him we'll just tell him
where Mo lives wow a case you tuned in late big concert times between Mo and for
all already a big bug brew going on boo ha ha because for all I guess led out of the bag kind
of a hinted what the area of bokeh Mo lives in and Mo is pissed off and fired up you don't do that
to me again don't ever give that out of the air again because when I dropped a bomb
he's got a lot of bombs he's been dropped 1241 at 560 you go out to your pool to take a nice dip
and it looks like somebody dropped a bomb and that baby it's stained dirty maybe it's even got
cracks in it here's the answer for you doesn't have to be a mess anymore just call our friends
at Atlantic Marseille one simple call straight in your pool problems out Atlantic Marseille
specialize in refinishing pools bring it back to life make it brighter and more colorful than ever
and now Atlantic Marseille is introducing something new and even more exciting than ever before
Atlantic Bluebright for over 12 years Atlantic Marseille has been beautifying pools with the
ever popular diamond bright and now the makers of diamond bright have developed Atlantic Bluebright
exclusively for our friends at Atlantic Marseille Atlantic Bluebright promises to leave your pool
with a richer more colorful appearance unmatched by anything on the market in the universe your
friends and neighbors guaranteed will think you've got a brand new pool in there license then
insured it's a real construction company Atlantic Marseille and they use full-time employees
not subcontractors their family owned and operated business that thousands of people have come
to know and trust and love and they serve daybroward in Palm Beach counties too Atlantic Marseille
also does expert deck renovations all depending on which deck is bigger custom lighting pool heating
and exotic water features too enjoy the summer in your own backyard call Atlantic Marseille today
1-800-558-883 that's 1-800-558-883 Atlantic Marseille truly is a pool's best friend
world is ours back his little boy gets anything he wants the statue's down so done is gone and now
every corner has a chevour wrong back deck most of them are dead back dead shot the quarters in
a hit back dead oh think that oil flow we get that price and gas down low we're giving him a
taste of the market received with the tractor barrel and an apple's bees back dead they go up from
war is one back that we only just begun back that the world is ours you know I'll have a
bag of deep fried kitty toes to go just like the veggies and one more two there was a whole lot
of art for the brass the foods back that grab everything again back that they hope you do with that
again back to that make my two wars anybody know whatever war you want some water
well now you are excuse me yeah is there shmuts on his disc or something I think bokeh
brain mung done and that's a shame because that's a great bit I think he was using it to microwave
his pizza oh what is that I don't really see anything but I'm going to wipe it off here with my shirt
all right I got a copy here for what it's worth now I just just rely on you want to play it
well I mean I could well let me give it one more shot it's more exciting the audience will feel
really challenged oh well let me read this and I'll try it again I want to read this thing you
just fact me from the guardian this should be on our website by the way boner boy okay from today's
guardian the brit newspaper wolf which says Iraq war was about oil this is the same asshole who
just said last week that the weapons of mass destruction thing was just an excuse we just use
that as a you know a means to go in oil was the main reason for military action against Iraq
a leading White House hawk has claimed confirming the worst fears of those opposed to the US
led war the US deputy of fencek atrepold wolf which was already under my toni blare's position
weapons of mass destruction by describing them as a bureaucratic excuse for war which I just said
has now gone further by claiming the real motive was that Iraq is swimming in oil oh sounds like
something I said many many months ago why not oh I L and M O N Y the latest comments were made by
mr wolf woods and addressed to delegates at an Asian security summit in Singapore over the weekend
and reported today by German newspapers their target spiegel and developed asked why nuclear
power such as North Korea was being treated differently from Iraq where hardly any weapons of
mass destruction had been found the deputy defense minister said let's look at it simply the most
important difference between North Korea and Iraq is that economically we just had no choice in
Iraq the country swims in a sea of oil mr wolf woods went on to tell journalist at the conference
that the US was set on the path of negotiation to help the fuse tensions between North Korea and
its neighbors in contrast to the more belligerent added to the Bush administration displayed in its
dealings with Iraq his latest comments follow his widely reported statement from an interview
in Vanity Fair last month in which he said that for reasons that have a lot to do with the US
government bureaucracy we settled on the one issue that everybody could agree on weapons of mass
destruction prior to that his boss defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld had already undermined the
British government's position by saying Sodom who's saying may have destroyed his van weapons
before the war mr wolf woods's frank assessments of the importance of oil couldn't come at a
worst time for the US and UK governments which are both facing fierce criticism at hole in a broad
over allegations that they exaggerated the threat posted by Sodom who say in order to justify the war
amid growing calls from all parties for a public inquiry the foreign affairs select committee
announced last night it would investigate claims that the UK government misled the country
over its evidence of Iraq's WMD the move is a major setback for Tony Blair had hoped to contain
any inquiry within the intelligence and security committee which meets in secret and reports to
the prime minister direct let's get this work think it's going to work
i don't know
because you know see even on that over a moment it was like a little glitch
the way
this one is a glitch
all right
that price and gas download we're giving them a taste of democracy with the tractor barrel and an
apple of bees back down the corporate war is one back that we've only just begun back down
the world is ours you know i'll have a bag of deep fried kitty toes to go just like the magis
in world war two there was a whole lot of art for the brass the boost back that wrap everything
again back down they won't be doing that again back down hey if you want to war anybody know what
the red alert's for you want some water well now it's ours we'll sell you a bottle for a nominal
chart back down look at the stock index back down i ran this gonna be back back down now push
it's gone that he's little boy gets anything he wants that he's little boy gets anything he
wants that he's little boy gets anything he wants that that that that that that that
myself i claimed that up realized tonight saliva now i'd used my shirt my nicely new one from
the cleaner shirt and i just uh gave it a thorough going over and did this too three hundred and two
votes on a pool our last movie pool for the foreseeable future in other words between now and two
o'clock which one of these movie did you like the most and i'll see the fact that the leading
category is didn't see any of 92 that that's a positive thing right what you think because that
means that we still have uh thirty point four percent of the audience well it's a lot more than that
because we may have people that saw one of these or a couple but a lot of them they haven't seen
yet right so they're in for a treat right and now it doesn't mean necessarily you're going to
agree with us and like all of these but i have a feeling unless you're your taste is in your
throchus is the uh u.s. lobbyans used to say that you're going to uh you're going to find some
interesting crap here some enjoyment a few laughs a few of the pressing psychotic moments
few drug-induced episodes didn't see any of 92 Glen Gary Glen Ross 44
Requiem for dream 39 they all sucked 39 it's a totally bogus don't don't be uh the the church
we are pointed rounds by that okay heard yeah we already said that before we took the pool
we knew there'd be a bunch of add because first of all how many people saw all of them
how many people in the whole world do you think saw all of those movies not even me
see you're supposed to play about 30 minutes and a few likes to
yeah they all suck 39 the game 25 momentum 24 no matter how you spell it
gatica 15 gatica gatica he was standing right on outside the spaceship yelling gatica
yeah i do like heathen hawk he's my kind of guy
magnolia 15 tied with gatica happiness 7 and shallow grade 4 and i'll say it again
if you missed the beginning of the show i watched magnolia last night and we've gotten you know
a little smattering here in air very you know minimal
i for me i mean maybe you like vanilla ice cream maybe you like a butterpacan
to me it's bland boring you know i like a rocky road i like a fish food i like a briars uh score ice
cream oh why am i saying this and i'm out in the mood for today that's good do you know what's
really great i at least it's working for me and i have been eating quite a bit of crap like in the
early afternoon after the show ends because that's but when i have that bacon you know a little order
of bacon in the morning before the show which i make it a microwave uh it seems to like help my
blood sugar tremendously and they always say if you eat breakfast if you like balance your food
after him they write better for your blood sugar that's what troy balance for life said he's right
oh let's do the spot for balance for life then right now no seriously they know they're crap that's
why balance for life works because it's based on the zone diet and based on keeping your
balance of your blood sugar you know steady throughout the day which is why they have five
feedings on your foreign balance for life your little black sack which they deliver right here
to your door every morning by 6 a.m. at your work at your home wherever you want in there are five
feedings three delicious meals two or great snacks and it'll keep you full all through the day so
you get five times the eat through the day keeps your blood sugar nice and even keeps the weight
pouring off your body because there's nothing fattening nothing with a lot of refined carbohydrates
and it is delicious everything is fresh and great and you get two choices for every meal and snack
every day that you run a program you fill out the menu once a week and what you order is what you
get in your little black sack watch the weight pour off your body this isn't something that
cockam me the idea somebody had it scientifically based and like i said based on the knowledge of
the zone diet and it really works so watch results on that scale within just a matter of a couple
days and you'll see the pounds start pouring off on you got a smile on your post because you're
not eating any crap your full all day long you got delicious fresh goodies from balance for life
calm today when a doubt check this out get yourself in better shape and get rid of that the
big jelly royal you got call nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine five six eight
thirty two twenty nine if you want more information on their amazing program just take them out
on the web at balance for life dot com
why local your sports radio five sixty two eight
you a m
so i need to hour
wait a minute it was for the first time but i think we're getting a little bit carried away on
four over the top from the producers of the i-back war all hopefully it's in car roll
presents bush nine eleven how fearless hero starring Robert Duhault as car roll they hit the
towers at nine o'clock this morning and mel gets in as our glorious and fearless leader for life
those bastards tell the kids i'll read you a minute another time yes sir i paint my face blue
you're certain for me to leap into action
stop right there evil doers it's too late o' glaria's made it the buildings are down they're not
old chump prom wait war until those angels there is a grotesque justice
oh
they call the facts in every detail carefully calculated to keep you amused bush nine eleven our
fearless hero only on showtime i hate you daddy daddy you sucky my shorts
did he yet
daddy you're loser
i went back from him in my pants
i think mommy cheats on you
the second little white glass all over the world
lies in the almanales here
daddy why don't you get a job
daddy you smell like beer
this thing today i'm dropping out of high school
daddy i'm pregnant one part one the other part girl i don't know who the father is
human make up from ribbons and
mass deterrent tricks
i drove the car into a tree
can you just send me some cigarettes
hey galbona dogs for the bride and girl
she'll change your name today
dad i'm getting married again
she'll make a promise and i'll give her away
dad that's my ass
i think i have sickle
ask me what i'm thinking and i said i'm not you
hey pop we're moving in
dad i asked news i'm a lesbian
there's a man who's in my family who's so
more tough than please
my mother is as wide as i can't deny
somewhere in this evilness there's a goodness i can't find
wait me down inside of daddy oh
gentle and so kind
gentle and so kind
to the man who had a flair with all those other broads who tortured on her house
and they had shot my dog who's been so many nights
in trouble with police who did us 30 years in a penitentiary
i know i let him down when he wanted me to be
the sacrificial gift for a sacred worship thing
we left me for death in the middle of the wire
who tried to shoot me twice let me say it nice happy father's day
happy father's day
hey there people i'm bobbing brown
to see i'm the cutest boy and sound my car is fast my teeth is shining
i tell all the girls they can kiss my hiding here i am
at the famous school i'm present sharp and i'm acting new
i got a cheerleader here once they help with my faith
but better do all the work and maybe later i'll read the roll of god
i am the american dream i do not think i'm too extreme and i'm handsome
some of the best i'm gonna get a good job and be real rich
get up get up get up get up get up get up get up
women's liberation came creeping all across the nation
i'll tell you peaceful i was not rich here right now
fuck this day by the name of pleasure
some idiot little speech then
all she tried to make you say when she had the balls in her thighs
but she left the dick i guess i'm still above
but now it's huge to quit oh god i am the american dream
but now i smell i'm battling and i'm invisible son of a bitch
am i a warrior lady and i don't know which i wonder wonder wonder what
so when we're out and bought me a leisure suit i jingle my chains
but i'm still kind of cute got a job doing radio come on
and none of the jocks can even tell i'm a whole lot of it eventually and be in a friend
so i'd have dripped it along it's a yes and a no i can think about an hour on the tower of power
along as i guess a little goal the child will roll god i am the american dream
with a spindle of my butt till it makes me scream and i'll do anything to get
ahead i'll leave it night saying thank you friend
oh god oh god i'm so fantastic thanks to pretty i'm a sensual
historical i love
why
We'll be exploded to dumb at people killed
With the gas that we sold him
First time aggressor nation and the only one that's going
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going
Forget about Korea and the nooks there, Tosunamba
Right, wean is drilling it over and over and to our head
That iraq has some weapons of master's destruction
3,000 people killed
Are now forgotten, let's exploit them instead
Hey, there's oil to be gone
Going after sentom too
Plankato Sama, there's no longer mention of
The name in law is but no one seems concerned all
I'm being complacent, believe in every word
Of this cartel administration that controls us by fear
Through media manipulation and the right
Wean is drilling it over and over and to our head
That iraq has some weapons of master's destruction
The loss of civil rights is the rights that we're paying
We're all suspects now, not the ass drop is saying
I have nothing to hide, table partners all are saying
I know, be the cattle don't have any reservations
Battle for vote, battle and world annihilation
Old regime must fall and have a burden installed
With no objection at all
Till the crap don't have the balls and the right
Wean is drilling it over and over and to our head
That iraq has some weapons of master's destruction
Oh, we're fine
The iraq has some weapons of master's destruction
All right
Bill's the cause and Monica's the China
She lets out a giggle when he makes it we go
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind
But a sick girl and her vagina she don't mind
Well, he don't know where a stoke goes
I can see how there was some confusion between human door and human horror
And then Arkansas the term Cedar Box means saw her naked
Stars reportedly to go in blind
Sports work
That's when he was working hard late nights in the overy office
Working on a practical joke
He took a mac and noodle put an explode in
Loading more Monica was blowing rings of smoke
Bill's the cause and Monica's the China
She lets out a giggle every time he makes it we go
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind
But a sick girl and her vagina she don't mind
Well, people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband
Feel that Hillary was wronged
Up in the Lincoln bedroom she was moaning
Morning, how door was doing her with bills old bomb
Bill's the cause and Monica's vagina
She lets out a giggle every friggin time he makes it we go
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind
But a sick girl and her vagina she don't mind
Back them
Yeah, just master is faster
Oh yeah, what you gotta do is take a tidbit more ill
And put it in a drill
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
There you go, Vicki, all three of her requests in the first segment
How do you like that?
So anyway, how's that pull coming?
Didn't see any of them 104, the Elishten movies that we have that we've been talking about
And raving about for days on end, Glengarry Glitter Ross 54
They all start 46 phony votes for that 46 phony ones
Requiem for dream 39 the game 31
Memento 25 a lot of people probably liked a lot but they forgot
Gatica through 18 Magnolia 17, Happiness 8, shallow grave 4
I'm really amazed that we have four people out there who love saw shallow grave
Much less than that isn't encouraging
Now if we can get Magnolia up there a little bit I'm telling you go out and get it today
That's our selection we urge you we bc you go out there
Although set aside about 15 hours to watch it
Ten past one at five sixty WQ Emmets are a big Wednesday one to two bits hour
We got the mad dog at two we got the Humper from New York from the Oc to the Belmont 4630
Then we got that Marlon's crap, any K-pop or the baseball game in Joah Mark overnight
Two to five in an a.m. Barbercuse Galore is unbeatable
They've got a phenomenal selection of grills that you cannot and will not find any place else
And prices just beyond compare this week check out the incredible deal on the three burner barbercuse chef
Only $199 Barbercuse Galore with 42,000 BTUs a 625 square inch cooking area
And a built-in hood thermometer you just cannot beat this deal for a propane and actual gas grill
I'll show you a traditionalist out there check out the beef master charcoal grill only $199
With more than 600 square inches of cooking space cast iron cooking grills and adjustable fire grate
And a full with ash catcher both these grills make a perfect gift for fathers day two
And speaking of fathers day Barbercuse Galore has got hundreds and zillions of great gift ideas for dad for under 50 bucks
Barbercuse Galore carries the biggest selection of Barbercuse accessories including liquid propane, natural gas, charcoal, smokers, tailgate supplies
And not only they got a big selection but always at the guaranteed lowest prices in town two
And also take advantage of no payments same as cash financing until January 2000 and full on approved credit
Barbercuse Galore you're loving they're wonderful folks to do business where they have two stores in South Florida
In plantation you'll find them on university driving a fountain shopping center call that location at 954
4234-400 and in curl springs there's a Barbercuse Galore at 7485 West Sample Road that's right on the corner of Sample on Rock Island
Call them at 954-7576668
757-6668 in curl springs Barbercuse Galore where I guarantee you'll find everything out of the sun you need for great Barbercuing all summer long
And my and lovels this is 4205 City
Way to AM
He's kind of going sweet and that he ever ordered a line of cocaine
He says that it's not true that he ever used cocaine
George is nice when he did eyes that he tried cocaine
What's the Republican say?
He did a tend to save his campaign
He said he's gonna have to say
And he would never play with cocaine
George he has to keep it eyes that he tried
Oh!
I'm honored to welcome so many people who devote their lives to the well-being of others to the Rose Garden here in the White House
There are around 5 million hardcore users of illegal drugs in America today
We must do and we will do drugs
We must increase the flow of drugs into America
This will make working in close cooperation with Mexico a priority
And we infatically disagree with those who favored respect for law, respect for others and respect for themselves
We also recognize the benefits to alcohol abuse and alcoholism
Thank you
My TV
He's president of the
S***
Republican muscle is
And in our king is an idiot
I don't know why
They won't want his young
But now he's here
First world to make for you
Yes
With president of the S***
Russell
Russell
S***
All what I did to
Go both once more
And get to we go both it all
All right
In your arms first
Don't go long
Lift drum and stupid heat
Don't go long
And lift drum and rich kid
Don't go long
He's even
Lumber than me
He's president of the S***
Yeah, don't care what it's up
You got him in by hooker
For Christmas
All right
All right
You and I will have more fear
We've got a great leader here
With president of the S***
Russell
S***
All right
Russell
S***
All right
If you like monster garage
And junkyard wars
You'll go ape for the new show on Animal Planet
Monkey garage
Let's show that what's dangerous power to lose
In the hands of the angry spirits
This week no one is to move master monkey mechanics
At only five degrees
That you can see in my throw into a ground
On toilet we have expression
What's the thesis lie on Monkey garage
When is the matter now
In single
Zoo
Oh I'm monkey or monkey
She's a monkey
She's a monkey
Where all monkeys down
Oh I'm a monkey
She's a monkey
She's a monkey
Where all monkeys now
Swinging three to three
We scream at squawk and shout
No, we spawn that ball at this
That's why we're all on power
Oh I'm a monkey or monkey
She's a monkey or monkey
Where all monkeys now
We don't know anything
We're told because we don't know how
Don't brush our teeth
Don't come out here
We don't even wear clothes
Well I don't make you crazy
When our fire went far too fast
I'm a monkey or monkey
She's a monkey
She's a monkey
Where all monkeys now
We're done well
Manard will be angry
We just look to drop straw
Well don't come to me
You're a monkey
We are fed
Then we'll lay down
Scratch our butts
And watch you
I'll turn red
Oh I'm a monkey
Or a monkey
She's a monkey
She's a monkey
Where all monkeys now
We wouldn't want to be a dumb
A cat or horse or cow
We're smelly
And we like it
And we've heard the things you said
Don't come with them
We're fed and we're so willing
On your head
Oh I'm a monkey or a monkey
Where all monkeys now
I'm a monkey or a monkey
Where all monkeys now
We're fed and we do treat
We treat them as dumb kids now
Now it's possible that these kids
Well we're all well
Well well
Hello
This is Perfecto No Gawd for BJ Singh
And the one who cried like a small child
When I heard that Anika swam Sam was going to play on the PGA tour
So how she did?
I did not watch it
I'm kidding I did
Not so good right?
I saw a cry afterwards
This is why I was against this
There was no crying in Gawd
Swearing, spitting and groin grabbing yes
But no crying
Drinking, cheating, quarousing
And some homosexual world playing yes
But no crying on the PGA tour
Dead wedding goes picking out written DBA behaviour
Yes, but no crying
Oh I see Anika sent me some email of the weekend
Let me read this to you
It says Dear Buttmanch
That's a recent muscle-nice nickname
Given to me by a group of Anika swam Sam fans
Dear Buttmanch
You are so happy now?
Even though I play well, I failed to make the weekend
But at least I play
You ran home like a small girl who got her pigtails pulled
Pupa new buttmanch
That's it
This is only slight for her to look
To me, because I didn't
Sort of run home like a small girl who got her pigtails pulled
But I will be back this week playing again
Because the Arnold girl signed up
Maybe I'm not confident in my sexuality
Or perhaps I'm just a male childrenist pig
But I like it better when the girls don't play
They should play with dolls and make up
And sometimes they're other than their cooks with a light bulb
Now, BJ saying, sing a song
No, I don't sing
That singing is for girls
And that play person from American Idol
Today I'd like to read a letter that I'm writing to all white people today
In the spirit of unity and understanding
Dear white folk
Couple of things you ought to know
When I'm born I'm black
When I grow up I'm black
When I get sick I'm black
When I go out in the sun I'm black
When I go out in the cold I'm black
When I get scared I'm black
And when I die I'm still black
But you my white man
When you're born you're pink
When you grow up you're white
When you get sick you are green
When you go out in the sun you go red
And when you get cold you turn blue
When you get scared you turn yellow
And the happiest time of my life is when white people die
You turn purple
And you got the damn nerd to call me colored
Oh white like a no-hoo
One me election
Said I'd like to know who
One me election
Count the vote, count the vote, baby
Count the vote, count the vote, over
Count the vote, count the vote, baby
Count the vote, count the vote, over
Count the vote, ever since this presidential race began
Live up in wonder who was going to win
Some palm beach people went to do their voting show
So pound up all the ballots and find out who's gotten more
Those old folks seem to have one thing in common
Looks like lots of them just keep their votes too Patrick you can and...
Oi!
So I'd like to know who won the election
Yes I'd like to know who won the election
Count the vote, count the vote, baby
Count the vote, count the vote, over
Count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, baby
Count the vote, count the vote, over
Count the vote, over
The final tabulation started coming in
Then I saw a new splash on Channel 10
Some angry people all together been a bunch
They said they were confused and didn't know which hold a punch
Those old folks seem to have one thing in common
Looks like lots of them just keep their votes too Patrick you can and...
So I'd like to know who won the election
Said I'd like to know who won the election
Oh I'd like to know who won the election
Yes I'd like to know who won the election
Count the vote, count the vote, baby
Count the vote, count the vote, over
Count the vote, count the vote, over
Count the vote, count the vote, over
Count the vote, a Manipul Bush
Count the vote, a Manipul Throw
Count the vote, a Manipul Bush
Count the vote, a Therein and More
Count the vote
Demand steps abandoned, count the vote
Demand steps abandoned, count the vote
If it was mine and Lowballs
This is 4 envisioned for Project rational Five Cities
We're in the same way.
They're hopping in the time machine.
Yeah.
We'll just come along and dream.
No.
Here's the golden maker from WQ AM.
Right now.
Oh, that's a good one.
That's a good one.
That's a good one.
I am Mo'Hawaii the David.
He crept in and I'm ancient.
All over my old face I'm blue and red is purple, face.
I don't know why they hate me.
All why they always hate me.
It must be because I catch blue and red is purple, face.
A laser bomb on my arm like a rannick now he mappellacca one.
I got veins on my nose and nobody knows that under my glows I wear penteholes.
But that don't mean that I'm gay.
If you think my arms have had you ought to see my legs.
I might as well keep on smoothing shade to show a little glazed the next time I'm raping him.
I can go through a surgeon but that gives me to shivers.
I wouldn't want to walk out looking like John Rivers.
Where am I?
I buy a little beast, the fat little freak.
I did him a paper now again upon the heat.
The reason I dismissed that stink and fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up and he can't play conaster.
Hey somebody talk over there, nobody talk when I rap.
I rap then you talk.
Look at me.
I'm hip-hip.
I ain't no square.
I'm a ding-dong daddy man, I'm really dead.
I buy a ready what I want.
I don't care.
But believe they make me flip my wig later smelly green hair.
I got high in myself and even happens to the grapes.
Westwood once said you get out of here whilst we break your legs.
So now I sit by the pool, life's as good as it gets.
With my paladin cut him, placing bets on the jets.
In paradise.
Paradise.
I don't kiss nobody's ass in paradise.
I'll be sure but not the screw gets when I get the chance.
But the cleaners aren't ready with my lime green pants.
How long does it take?
Get the call and complete.
And we just a little thoughts on what I left this day.
I think that's funny, one another.
Say it was funny.
I can do what I want.
But the management loves me.
Can I tell you something?
No, something you ought to know.
But the longest time I wanted you to be my home.
Oh, you wipe my tight pal.
Now I have straight paldo.
Who knew who's the podium door?
I don't take no for an answer.
What's it about?
But it's time.
Not you.
Get me out of here.
What happened?
Who's the door door?
Who's the door?
Who's the door?
Who's the door?
Who's the door?
Who's the door?
Yeah.
I like it when the guy stopped by.
For a hammer.
Do you remember?
Do you remember?
When you got that hammer,
the new key is on the block really has smoked.
The sun is just had no plan.
This applies when the guy stopped by for a hammer.
For a hammer.
I like guys who start at only one end.
Extraches when they make their wish.
Cause it gets long from my hammer, from my hammer.
Big one daddy stick it in my hand.
I gave you a hammer and it all began.
He had the biggest one that I ever did to see.
It fell to the floor when you tried to be.
When you unbid, I can't help but want.
But it's so big that you just have to flaunt it.
You wet my whistle with that big thing, baby.
Halfway down my throat managed to as be crazy.
Now I think I found you and it makes me sad.
You went away and never came back.
I gave you a hammer and you went back home.
My colleague, Culkin, was the size of your ball.
I felt even love when you gave me a beat.
Now I'm a little bitch like Alex.
Hey, Keel.
What I meant to you, I knew that you were sick.
If it really doesn't matter, the size of your stick.
New kids on the block really have small balls.
I need you to have no.
I have to flip their flies when the guy's the five for a hammer.
For a hammer.
I said I want to be having something.
I said I want to be with nothing.
I said I want to be having something.
I said I want to be with nothing.
It's time to get over.
I said I'm doing nothing.
I said I'm doing nothing.
I said I'm doing nothing.
I said I'm doing nothing.
I said I'm doing nothing.
I said I'm doing nothing.
I said I'm doing nothing.
I said I'm doing nothing.
I said I'm doing nothing.
I said I'm doing nothing.
I said I'm doing nothing.
I said I'm doing nothing.
I said I'm doing nothing.
I said I'm doing nothing.
I said I'm doing nothing.
I said I'm doing nothing.
I said I'm doing nothing.
I said I'm doing nothing.
I said I'm doing nothing.
I said I'm doing nothing.
I said I want to be having something.
I said I want to be having something.
I said I want to be having something.
I said I want to be having something.
I said I want to be having something.
I said I want to be having something.
No, I said I want to be having something.
The one to be happy is the other woman, also.
I said, I want to be happy.
As for as for that we might think of such a judgment as for us.
He held that bandage that greedy churn
Because he wouldn't take a shower with Eggover as whole
As whole, each one hyzing a suction as whole
He's just like Hitler and they've abroad
What's that he's pounding on?
As whole, as whole, oh!
He's looking when the central ass hole
The only thing there is left to say is promise and right away
Well, Buffalo has a football team, the greatest in the land
And everybody thinks they're great, because they feel it, yeah
The Buffalo bills aren't enough for a once, see what I mean
So just sing along
When you say Miami, when you say Buffalo
Super full and near the Buffalo Bounds
Buffalo Bounds, the greatest team
And the history of the human race, the Buffalo Bounds
The greatest team since sliced bread and canned beer
Yeah, there you go and your chance of that redneck stuff
Listen to that banjo, holy sweet god listen to that
When you say Buffalo bills that don't sound so redneck you do it
Everybody sing along now, are you Bill Fands? Here we go
Well, the Buffalo bills are the best team
They have the best record over the last five years
And they went to the Super Bowl four times, which is more than I can say for this scum-soc confusion
And they're the greatest, like they really like their uniforms
They sure is hell beat the heck, I'd have had enough fish on the helmet, cuz they're the Buffalo whole bills
The best football team, what I ever seen in the history of my life, they are the Buffalo bills
The Buffalo bills, the homogen, Kelly, the greatest quarterback in the league
Yeah, everybody, the Buffalo bills, they're the Buffalo bills
And they've been around longer than the stinking rotten fish
Well, they're the Buffalo bills, Buffalo bills
What would you rather have as a pet a Buffalo or a fish?
Hola amigos, I am Paulo Rodriguez
The different one, not the Chubby Stand of Comic
Or one time the TV show called AK Pablo
I am the president of the Honduras Miller Brighton tobacco company
Serving the universe with stockies and hushies since 1998
I thought it might be a good time to come on here and let you know some of the dozen tons of our company
I mean this cigar in the very much feast for itself, no?
You know your favorite rules and regulations apply, not a bright side of the business is a little more sticky, man
Apparently one of our customers had some troubleshooting issues with a purchase he made a few years ago, huh?
Although the 90-day money back here in T. Perry at a long past, we would have worked with him on our trade-in
Had he not decided to chop her up?
I thought, hey, this might be a good time to go over some of the rules of the mail order, brighting off
Number one, and this had always been an unwritten rule
But obviously now we have to write it down
Don't chop a mop, man
If something goes wrong with your wife by mail, can't get the factory
One of our train service technicians will attempt to remedy the problem
If we fail to correct the problem, you know, IE, she screams that you'll nonstop in Spanish
Or she toggles your neighbor or each of your life hot pocket
We'll take her back, man
You just pay shipping and handling
Rule number two
Actually, there's no other rules, man
You can pretty much do what you want
Just eat snow on the chopping
I don't like to get into rules, man
But I guess that's how I get into trouble in the first place, eh?
You know any loser that has to pay for a white-true to mail is kind of a steamy person anyway
You know what I'm doing? I'm drawing bright into a back-o company
Where our girls are all smoking, coming shop, but don't chop
138.22.2.560 WDQM
I've been talking about data mattress for a very long time on a show for about a hundred years
And sometimes people ask me if I really sleep on a dollar mattress
While right there in plantation acres, you'll find a beautiful mattress from data mattress
In fact, I've been using their stuff for years
You won't find a company more dedicated than making you a happy customer than data mattress
Best merchandise, best prices in the universe, and the best deal on delivery all the way around
The rank number one customer satisfaction
All it takes is one quick call, one 800 mattress
And you won't believe how easy it is to pick out the perfect bed for you and your back
The expert bed and consultants guide you through the whole process
Because you're talking to somebody who renews bedding not just somebody answering your phone
Ever go to a showroom and they try to stir it through the house brand or a discontinued set or a mismatch or some crap like that
Not at the out of mattress, they say only the best, top quality seely, surrogate a Simmons temper-peated mattresses
No sales gimmicks, no false promises either
And I've got the high end beds as well like seely's crown jewel line
And the top model is from every brand all of them, each and every one at a low unbeatable everyday prices
So call right now just at one simple phone call is the best way to do it
Easiest piece of shop in your lever do call one 800 mattress, one 800 MATTRES
Ask about the corporate exchange policy too
If you're not completely satisfied, they'll exchange it free and no questions asked
And don't forget, also you get free setup, pre-remover to get to choose the date and time for delivery that fits your schedule when you're going to be home
Nobody else does all of these things
Dialog mattress the easiest and smartest the best way to get you a great night's sleep
One 800 mattress, one 800 MATTRES or check them out of the web at mattress.com
5. Look off this, this is 5.60
3. Use all yours now
Q&A
Translando el pollo para cá
I thought, Christy, I'm a tea was fairy tale
This is the reason, it was not for me
They held a big convention
And let me in for a drink
I don't idea what I was about to see
They were speaking in tongues
That they believed
It was kind of fun
To stick it out of my mouth
Speaking tongues
They got people even
My tongue is waving from side to side
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la.
I'm American that's why I got a sing about this flag day.
The seer it falls on a Saturday, and flag day is special to me.
Rather than stars and stripes there to make it feel patriotic,
you know it's so idiotic, it's the reason for it's nail at the mall.
What the hell's wrong with this hand?
Anything you think you feel, you'll make it feel the bell.
You buy it off the shelves, you'll see cars on sale,
and pliers in your mail.
I think I got it nail, flag day on her free sale.
Where the hell's wrong, look at the chains that won't stay on.
Where's the blind, shake my phone and turn guys on.
But there's a place where all the guards can hide it.
I can make guys grow right behind their seatbelt.
I can make guys grow with my mind and booty.
That's where they're at the blows, cause I'm such a cheery.
It's one of those things I've worked for.
Be it such a beggar, what else I can make as well.
With my mind and booty, that's where they're at the blow.
Cause I'm such a cheery, it's one of the things I've worked for.
Be it such a beggar, what else I can make as well.
Be it such a beggar, what else I can make as well.
But I know that you keep on checking up my face.
I'll play you cause I'm very good.
Check out my bracelet, pokein' on my post-savvy.
You come onto me and I spend things in my aid.
And it's how I'm so far.
But if you wanna take me, you slow.
There's things about me, I don't think you know.
I'm underage.
I said I'm cheap, you should be scared of me.
Cause you could go to jail if this thing went me.
If I'm free, you'll end up crazy.
She's 25, but she's just a team.
Perfectly, I've been my lips so sweet.
I'm a daddy called the Cosless Knight.
So my rock rock perfected me, because I had surgery.
And my monster's reached my knees.
And my boat just hanged right here.
Rack them.
Oh!
She'll face.
You should be scared of her.
Yeah, I'm not.
She's the one who made her look dynamite.
She's the one who made her look dynamite.
148.5.6.2.2.
I'm getting a crap load, a sweat load of movies here that I gotta go on by Sicilian Klan,
Silent Partner, took place at the Eden Center in Toronto, and at Christmas and Spence movie.
Thanks Rick and Deerfield Beach, and thanks to who it was this other one from.
I don't know.
What was the one that Bonerboy told me yesterday?
American Beautiful Mind.
Beautiful Mind.
I'm trying to make a list, you know what I mean?
Checking it twice to see beautiful minds.
And I'll ask them for you.
I'll bring your pardon?
I got one last one for you.
No, okay.
Return to Paradise.
No.
I saw that.
You saw that with Hawking Phoenix?
Yeah.
That's the sequel to Paradise.
No.
Yeah.
Return to Paradise?
Yeah.
Oh no, return to the blue lagoon, I'm thinking about it.
Oh!
Well, of course, to show my mind is...
Well, return to Paradise.
What's that about?
I wish they'd make a sequel to Paradise.
That was about Hawking Phoenix, Vince Vaughan,
that they're in Malaysia and Paradise.
And one of them, two of them leave.
The one of them stays behind.
He ends up getting caught with a whole bunch of drugs
that they were doing all weekend.
And so there's more drugs again.
More drugs.
Yeah.
And so all that Bonerboy is interested in movies about drugs.
Drugs and more drugs and drugs and drugs and drugs.
Yeah, I think that since you've been hanging out with George,
you'd, you know, be a little less desperate.
For that.
426 votes on the pool.
Some of them for real.
Which of these will be to do you like the best?
Didn't see any of them 133,
which means you've got a lot of good to homework to do.
Glen Gary Glen Ross 61.
They all suck 57.
Every one of those votes, Phony.
Requiem for Dream 46.
The Game 41.
Memento 35.
Magnolia 21.
Gattica 20.
Happiness 8.
And Shadow Gray 4.
Not too bad.
It's a pretty good, the...
Yeah, a smear here and a smear there.
A little sampling.
Hey, speak on a smear if you got the head with a big ball spot.
There are a lot of folks you can talk to Chuck Alpira,
but forget about Fast Train.
It's not their deal.
Sexual performance problems is that thing limp.
Well, Fast Train can't help you out.
But if you're in a dead end job, this is the area of expertise.
Call our friends at Fast Train because these people can have you fully trained
and ready for a great new high-paying computer career in just four or count them.
Four short months.
Call them today, tool free.
1-866, Fast Train.
And tell them that that little putterbacker Todd Dreck told you to call.
1-866, Fast Train.
They have locations all over town.
They're in Miami, Kindle for Lauderdale Pember Pines.
So call Fast Train today and check this out.
1-866, Fast Train.
Don't forget, Fast Train offers you job placement assistance, financial and convenient day evening weekend classes.
You have no excuses, no more, would it be staying in some crappy dead end job that pays peanuts?
Because a brand new high-paying career is just one simple phone call and four short months away.
Jump on that Fast Train today.
Get out of that dead end job.
Call Fast Train, tool free.
1-866, Fast Train.
Or check them out on that wicked web at fastrain.com.
We're sports radio five system.
2AM.
We'll Chamberlain Rayman.
Well congratulations.
Get a life.
Hello?
I, sir.
Uh, uh, yes?
Mouse.
Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning.
How are you, sir?
I'm not good, Eisner.
Oh, you're not feeling well, sir?
I'm watching the television.
The ABC 50-year reunion special.
Oh, what an amazing special.
What a night to remember.
Yeah, a night to remember for you.
How many times were you on camera?
I don't...
I counted 75.
Oh, what a...
Really?
It was all about you. You make little maniac.
You've only built a company out of all ten years or whatever.
And you run it into the toilet.
What did you think of my speech, sir?
I thought it was terrible.
You're awful.
Why did not I give it a speech?
Well, sir, since I am the president and CEO of the company, I thought...
You're an idiot.
Well, we did have some major talent.
I mean, we had John Travolta, Tim Allen.
Tim Allen?
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, please.
Hold on, sir.
Stop that for a second. Stop that for a second.
Who was that?
Uh, uh, no one. It's just Alphe.
You were saying about Tim Allen?
That that are not the remits.
No, no, no, no, no.
We called him sick today.
Oh, that...
I got pay for work up to my big ears.
It's remits, isn't it?
Put him on.
No, no, sir.
So you were saying Tim Allen, what?
I am on. Is that remits?
Yes, it is, sir.
Point out on the phone.
Remits, remits, remits, remits.
Stop that for a second.
All right, Bob.
What'd you say?
Hello.
What'd you call him?
Who is this?
What do you mean who's this?
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
How you doing, Bob?
Can I just hear you call his or boss?
Who's your boss?
Who's your boss?
You're my boss.
I'm your boss.
You're my boss.
Remits?
Yeah.
Why aren't you here today?
You're called in sick.
I've taken some lost time.
You know, like, Simpwitz does on the...
Well, I'm PD Blue.
Lost time?
Yeah.
You work here, Remits.
I've done tons of things for you.
I paid for your rehab, didn't I?
I've been meaning to talk to you about that, Bob.
I brought you up a credit, Remits.
I need a little refresher, Bob.
I'll tell you what, Remits.
I'm almost done here, Bob.
What are you doing over there?
What's the coosie?
A jacuzzi?
It's a few, Bob.
Put the Megwell-Maniac on.
Hold on.
For you, Evie.
Sir.
Ah, jacuzzi.
Well, it's been very stressful these days.
You know, with the false schedule and everything getting ready,
I've been very stressed.
You don't need it, you're coosie and you're office.
You're terrible.
What stress?
Remits, Remits, Remits.
How do we have Tim Allen?
Well, Tim Allen, a major star for the company.
If you're a star, he hasn't even had a show for years.
I mean, sure.
First of all, it was funny in all the neighborhood with the fans,
and you couldn't see his face.
And Tim Allen made you all a screw.
That chronic noises, but come on.
Well, he is Santa Claus.
I mean, two hits.
Santa Claus movie.
Fire him.
What?
Fire him.
Fire him.
Fire him.
Fire him.
I'm trying to say it's a fire.
But I can't speak.
Fire him.
Tell Remits, it's over.
I'm talking to him.
Ah, good.
Oh, good.
No, I'm talking to him.
Remits, Mr. Mouse is talking to you.
He's moving.
I'm no doctor.
I can't even read.
Ha, ha, ha.
Not doctor.
Talking.
Ah, forget it.
Bunch of losers.
Oh, yeah.
I wore much better pants when my career was alive.
He doesn't get out more, Mo.
He's not in the way in here.
Hey, you want something to eat?
What are you talking about?
Nothing.
But I can pull something out of my ass.
No, Mo.
I gotta get going.
I'm starting a new business.
Very no kidding.
Yeah, I'm gonna be a hooker.
I'm proud of my bubbler.
Thanks, Mouse.
Oh, yeah.
You sure you'd want something to eat, huh?
Mo, I can tell you.
Hey, what are you?
You're out of your clock.
Well, no, no.
I don't know what you're talking about.
You just took a pistol with white milk pills.
Never description you're more of.
Wow.
I got them from my deducted.
What's that?
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
What's it through you?
Who looked my hair and ruined his cue?
Oh, my God, this place is a mess.
And my underwear smells like hot baloney.
Now, get out of here.
My favorite show is on.
Oh, we got a loser.
Ah!
It's up to the flutters.
Just the fuzz, just the fuzz, just the fuzz, just the fuzz.
Move going in this from prestigious broker-like old flutters.
Ah!
I'm here, public.
I just like to see.
That's the lovely dress you got on.
I'm here, home, home.
Thank you.
I'm such a dream, I'm out of this.
I feel like running down the street.
I can't look.
Look, look.
I'm a naked man.
You want to make me pow-hash, you know, am I?
Oh, look.
You want to really tell me?
Can't tell me.
I'm a great man.
I'm a great man.
I highly desirable hair.
Ha!
Why?
I'm a great man.
I'm a naked man.
Can't I ever make me old?
Hey, you.
I'm a naked man.
Take a look at this hair.
Move out.
Move out.
Hey, you.
I'm a naked man.
You're a hot man.
I was not ready, I was not.
I was not the radio.
Just so kind of told that you won't feel that thing.
I was not the radio.
I was not the radio.
I was not the radio.
I was not the radio.
Hello.
This.
It's up and I decided to stop by and see how you were doing.
Ha!
That guy.
Oh, this is terrible.
No, no, no.
I'm nervous.
Bye, bye, bye.
The new weather show I'm facing is on your QA.
See ya!
