The act is just a nice plot that I've got to bust.
I'm the bust.
I'm the bust.
I'm the bust.
I'm the bust.
From the director of Master and Commander.
After all, the surprise is on our side.
Russell Crowe, an Arnold Schwarzenegger, star in...
I miss you is to protect you.
Master and Commander.
Whatever would be the cost.
Oh, the position!
I'm in a row!
Fire!
Who's the nine-millimeter?
I'll be back.
Master and Commander.
They need to take off.
That's a problem.
I hate to do it, but this is our only choice.
After the vista, baby.
Ten or one at five sixty, WQM.
Happy Thursday to him.
Man, it is a great day.
You believe me?
Yeah.
It is a great day.
Sure is.
Especially now that I got all that inside poop on Scrooan,
and she's even a bigger slut than I ever dreamed she was.
Oh, man.
What a...
Oh, brother.
From what you were telling me.
Scrooan, see you next time in a parking lot on your hands and knees.
I'm serious.
Any guys out there that haven't gotten any in a long time?
No problem at all.
Beast was just...
Yeah, he's hands up in the other...
There you go.
The beast would...
You would conserve with that bitch.
With that slut?
He says beggars can't be chosen.
Oh, man.
That has got to be the most disgusting thought.
Oh, brother.
Just think about one thing.
Bro!
Okay.
Just think about him penetrating every orifice in her,
and then just, you know, keep that in mind.
Bro!
Before you get too close, before the...
Before the...
Kooties start hopping off her on your fat, tubby body.
Kooties.
Oh, man.
Kooties.
Kooties.
Those are the worst.
Anyways, speaking of Kooties, we can't break the tie in at one category there.
And yesterday's pool.
I thought for sure by now, we'd break that damn tie, you know what?
Can't do it.
1506 votes.
By the way, I want you to know, speaking of the reason I played the media sick in the...
...Easel Badley.
Yeah.
We have at least one more dead American soldier, possibly at least two and maybe more than that.
How do you know that?
Well, because just buried in the middle of the story and I watched him times about Iraqis demonstrating against terrorism is a...
It's buried in the story.
It's in the...
Like about four paragraphs down.
In the meantime, a US Army spokesman says US soldier was killed accidentally at a camp in the city of Ramadi.
90 miles west of Baghdad.
And they said two military vehicles were set on fire, but no immediate information on casualties.
So there's at least one more dead and there's another one missing that was in a quick blurb on CNN.
But on none of the websites, is there anything about this story?
And meanwhile, we're worried about Trista and what the hell's the assholes name?
I don't know.
Trista and Ryan are worried about their wedding.
No.
But in the American soldier, they've reduced it to the point now, just like in Vietnam, you won't...
You only don't want to see the caskets, but now we have American casualties.
We just don't talk about no.
That's right, because it's the holiday season and it's bad news.
We don't want no bad news doing good holidays.
Get everybody depressed.
So we're kind of like sanitizing this grotesque blood bath, this quagmire that we're over there in Iraq.
But I'm just not talking about it.
And like I said before, you people in the media man, you make me sick to my stomach.
You ought to be everyone you ought to be canned on your ass.
You ought to be out on the street with your hand out with a tin cup.
Just like Scrooan ought to be out there.
She ought to be, you know what she ought to be? She ought to be a bag lady.
I think she is.
Don't you think? She looks like a bag lady.
Last time I was there, man, I said, man, you look like you're in the bag lady.
Or she's grabbing bags.
Good. God almighty. She's grabbing everybody's bags.
Wrong!
In fact, I hear that Troy's got a brand new bag.
Troy!
If this audience had any idea of the truth behind these little things that we drop in there, you know?
Little things we drop in like...
Like that.
Anyway, so we got more red dead soldiers, but you won't hear about it in the mainstream media,
because we're more important fish to fry.
Important fish.
And it ain't been Friday.
Anyway, let me see if we broke that tie on here.
I'm stalling around a little bit, but we still can't do it.
1508 votes. It's pretty hefty number on a poll.
What other show on WDQM do you listen to most other than Neil?
Other than...
Mad Dog can't touch the mad dog.
A rinsed by a mile.
Even Secretary would be embarrassed.
604 votes. 40%.
Listen to the mad dog more than any other show on his station next to this.
None. 413. 27.3%.
The Humper.
Nice job, Humper. Did well. 157.
If you were marked it astonishingly well, I think Joe voted several times.
You call that a penis?
That's not a man.
You call that a penis?
That's what Scrooan said to Troy, which is why he's out for a while.
Joe and Mark 137.
That's the lot better than we thought they would do, isn't it?
Yeah, it is.
Joe rose 97, not too bad.
Considering he just came back out of nowhere here a couple of weeks ago.
Mo and Gildi and the big...
Are tied for a very near the bottom.
36 votes each.
We can't break the tie.
Out of 1515 votes, their neck and neck nose knows.
We can't separate Mo from the big...
Oh!
And maybe he came last with 29 because we only have 2090 generic gamblers in this audience.
Which is very close to...
3rd man.
So there you go. We like any care a lot, but the show is terminal.
So anyway, there is why with the deal.
Let's speak it up terminal before I get into anything else.
I have a warning for this audience.
This is maybe the most important thing I've ever told you fat people out there.
Especially the ones with sensitive stomachs like me.
Oh, seriously?
I was gonna come on the air when I...
You know, when I took my first bites of this stuff yesterday, I thought,
man, this is great.
I'm gonna go on and give a break.
No, you know how it goes?
Yeah.
I'm gonna give a review.
I'm gonna talk about this stuff until I'm blue in the face.
I'm gonna go in the rain.
I'm blue.
Black and blue.
This is the worst crap for you.
I hope Dr. Wackens is spinning in his grave.
I hope he's listening right now, down under.
Maybe this is why God punished you, Dr. Bob.
And if that nasty slip and fall in New York,
fell on your head and now you're dead.
There is a product now.
I was in the drug store.
And of course, those fat people were always looking for something, you know?
Yeah.
They don't have the lights right here.
And I've already told you to pass as much as I love the lights.
There are some of their products I can't eat because it's got malt,
tatholum, stuff like that.
And I have stomach that's sensitive to stuff like that.
It makes me just...
My brain's out.
You're guaranteed.
Make no mistake about it.
I don't like this.
Oh, boy.
So I'm always on the lookout for some kind of a snack.
Something to satisfy your sweet tooth that won't do that.
So I see in the door store several days ago,
there's these new slim card, low carb, whatever the hell are called.
And I bought one ahead and it was not too bad.
And it didn't send my blood sugar skyrocketing
and it didn't make me crap my brains up.
And then I saw next to it, Dr. Atkins and Dolds.
Now originally Atkins had those advantage bars which tasted like...
Oh, man.
I mean, your dog and pussycat wouldn't have gotten anywhere near that.
Even Scrooan wouldn't have touched it.
And she'll touch just about anything.
But now there's the new Atkins and Dolds bar.
And this one is called Carmel Nut 2.
So I went online to the little search for Atkins products in Canada.
And I ordered three boxes.
There's 15 to a box.
Because they sounded great.
Rich Carmel and Nuget Candy bars bursting with peanuts.
Isn't Nuget?
Yeah. Nuget with penis.
You call that a penis?
The original low carb lifestyle and it says...
It's got the Atkins symbol.
There are two G, meaning even though it says 17 grams of carbs per one of these little bars,
it's only really effective two grams, which are full of crap that's a lie.
But anyway, you people at the Atkins Center in New York,
I hope that somebody's listening, man.
You people ought to be...
You ought to go to hell.
You ought to die in hell.
So I ate three of these.
Now, if you saw the size of...
I'd say they're like about...
Oh, let me take one out.
And don't let me eat it.
They're small.
They're like about a turd.
They're about the turd-a-size of like a regular candy bar.
Or, no, I'll say half.
They're like half the size of a Snickers bar.
Not the big jargantica, extra-size, king size.
You know, your regular Snickers bar?
They're half that size.
So last night, it's kind of a dinner replacement.
I ate three and I thought,
I'm going to go on here until everybody how fantastic the art...
These are, I hope, the lights has got them and all of a sudden the stuff.
And I'm going to tell you within a half an hour, 45 minutes.
I'm going to make this sh-
I'm going to make this sh-
I'm going to make this sh-
And I thought, whoa, wait a minute here.
Hold on to the sides of the bowl.
And I look on the back of the box.
Now see, when I ordered this, there was no warning.
There was no like big, uh, skull and crossbones.
There was no big picture of an ass with like a skull and crossbone over it.
No, you know what I mean?
There should be a picture of your ass.
Right there.
With a skull and crossbones like,
Uh-oh, this will give you the old sore ass.
Lots of tourists.
So I look on the back and I'm looking for what is in this stuff.
And I see multitall and I thought, uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
And I'm reading the- and it says in small print that you need to mount Palomar Telescope to read in the back.
It says,
indulge wisely for those sensitive to sugar alcohols and their laxative effects.
Limit consumption of what are two servings today, which means, of course,
It'll make this sh-
Your brains out.
I mean for two and a half hours and then even a little residual effect this morning.
It'll make this sh-
Oh man.
Those people out there,
who've ever had like,
had to take like a barrier minima or those who take like a blueberry and them are just for like a hobby.
You have never had a cleansing like this.
Oh my god almighty.
So I'm warning you, please.
Now, there are a lot of people out there who don't have that sensitivity and more power to you.
Right.
Because I never really even heard that before.
Sugar alcohols,
Have you ever heard that before?
No.
Which is code for multitall and sorbitall and shmit it all.
As in you'll shmit it all out.
Whatever's in your body, it'll be all gone.
Well look on the bright side.
In fact this morning I finally like had the dry shmit.
So just kind of like a wet fart with you know,
you might have had any of your witness to it.
Right.
But god.
So you're not looking looking on the bright side of life.
You probably lost like five pounds.
No I did not.
Really?
No I didn't.
About a half a pound.
Oh.
Oh.
Brother.
That's not my idea of how to lose weight.
Believe you me.
If I had to do that again, that would be the end of me.
Believe you me.
You people at Atkins, you want to be in jail.
You're dying this fine.
See Dr. Bob, once he died, they started
poaching around with his craft.
He would never have approved this.
I'm sure of it.
Well he proved those at that.
And let's make some money off it.
I mean I'm telling you right now,
this was the worst thing I've ever had.
I, you know, I've had some of that stuff before in a similar experience.
But not like this.
This was like the end of the world.
This was like my all my how long do they say your colon is?
How many feet?
About third man.
Oh no more than that.
They sit like about a hundred miles long.
Your colon.
It's a little tight.
You stretch it out here.
I could stretch it all the way to Rochester right across the lake.
And every inch of my colon man was just like rolling and boiling.
And, and, and he was you're sitting there.
You're sitting there on the bowl just grimacing.
And you can hear the gurgling.
I thought the gurgly man was like caught inside of my body.
You can hear that gurgling sound like a witch's cauldron.
You know what I mean?
Sure.
Like Tavathon, passion was stirring up another witch's brew.
So now you say it again.
You people at the Atkins Center,
you need some very serious help.
Some assistance.
And that's what I need today.
Some assistance.
As in like a good rest.
Probably like Friggy Carlos would say out there at the front desk.
His, uh, rectum needs a rest.
And, screw in.
The word is out on you, honey.
You're out of the closet, sweetheart.
Can you even begin to imagine that?
And then I start thinking back about Roy Foster and all the stories we used to hear.
And you know the sad part of it is they were all true.
Let me tell you.
If you look up the word slut in the dictionary, you'll find screw in when it gets to it.
You're disgrace.
You're the kind of person that we set out there.
This is our sales manager.
This is somebody that we're proud of.
This is someone who represents WDQA and screw in Winnick.
You bitch.
As a matter of fact, now I know.
I always wondered who that was about that dropping.
Yeah.
She goes, you bitch.
You slut.
You whore.
Now we know.
Oh, brother.
I'm trying not, I'm trying not to conjure up any images of what I heard about in my mind.
What you told me about.
Who?
Josh?
1013.
Oh, big help.
He wouldn't touch her.
He wouldn't touch her.
He wouldn't touch her.
He wouldn't touch her with a V-tand or tongue.
In fact, when he starts hearing the gagging sounds, it'll be Josh puking his guts out just starting to think about it.
Just starting to drop an image of it in his mind.
Oh, man.
God, I mean, even the maggots are run away from that bitch.
1013 at 560 WQ.
We don't want to rip her too much because that'll be the next one suspended.
Remember what happened to the Humber 8 years ago?
You want to be a different squad of the water not to eat too much because there are Greg's personal close friends.
I can't tell you how close.
1013 at 560 WQ.
Imagine Todd Drex's body on your front lawn.
Oh!
With like 75 bullet holes in it.
Well, imagine this on your next mortgage.
Imagine zero closing costs on your next mortgage.
Zero application fee.
Zero credit fee.
Zero discounted point.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
And we're talking, of course, about the revolutionary only one mortgage from our good friends at financial group.
Now with an unbelievably low interest rate of just 1.95 percent, which means if you have yourself a $200,000 loan, you pay only $738 bucks a month.
Once you refinance, you get a new home mortgage from financial group.
Let me say it very clearly.
Listen up.
You'll never pay closing costs again.
So, column today, 1.894.0Lin.
Grab yourself real financing power.
With that low rate mortgage, you can move your next property without further cost or expense.
It's the only one mortgage from financial group.
For details, call 1.894.0Lin.
It's a whole new way to buy.
And also you pay zero underwriting fee.
Zero dock fee.
Zero prependant penalty.
Zero closing costs even when you move to another property.
So, give yourself financing.
It's just 1.95 percent.
Call 1.894.0Lin.
And never pay closing costs again.
1.809.4L.
LED.
Be sure to mention Todd Drex name.
They'll chuckle during the holiday season.
Equal housing lender restrictions apply rates up to change monthly.
5.19 APR.
My.
And look all.
This is 4.305.6.
You weigh in.
You weigh in.
You bet.
You flat.
You whore.
Screw land.
You think blackmailing someone's a rung.
A big blackmailing especially.
It's stuck between your guys.
Screw land.
You don't think blackmailing a charity is wrong.
You've got a power inside your body.
You think you're a cussing shlaw.
You're something you'll fail right.
You'll get a blow.
What's wrong with your ass and time?
You think you can wash and it's nice.
No.
You think you'll lose your mainstime?
You think something you'll fail right?
Oh!
Screw land.
You think you're a bit bad to die?
Yes.
I spat your hands and bruised up your body the way you lied.
Screw land.
You get my phone your long and strong.
It's charity money.
You hold it and no care if it's wrong.
You've got a bit of you wife.
You just be my son.
The kind of bitch we've had.
You know how to do a drive.
You've got to take with no jacuzzi.
No!
Bro!
10.19 and of course right here on issue yesterday as happens once in a while by luck I got it right.
About the Michael Jackson thing as opposed to a lot of the other hysterical people in the media who jumped to conclusions.
Oh Michael Jackson the whole story is blown out of the water with his memo.
It's a bombshell from what tells that website the ABC off shoot thing what they call it?
I don't know.
Shotgun up your ass or something like that.
Looking down.
Any rate.
It's a real dope for the defense.
Yeah right.
Well guess what now we find out that the Jackson's staffer was at the accuser's interview.
Cano Vell what a novelty huh?
Little intimidation factor.
What you're actually we're talking about moments ago on CNN.
I'm certainly not news network where they still are bothering to tell you about the latest American casualties in Iraq.
When child welfare workers interviewed in February the boy who now accuses Michael Jackson of sexually abusing him.
The boy denied he had been molested by the pop icon as mother said nothing improper occurred but.
But!
There's a big butt.
Brack them.
Always sticking right there in your face.
Sources close to the prosecution told CNN there was a Jackson employee nearby during at least part of the interview by child welfare agency workers and the sources said.
The employees presence had an intimidating effect to say there was intimidation going on as an understatement one source said.
The presence of someone connected to the Jackson may have had a chilling effect that the boy's story one expert said.
The implied message to the child is I'm here to prevent you from saying anything bad about Michael Jackson.
So Dr. Astrid Higurate, child abuse expert who has the LA based violence intervention program.
How do you like them apples?
So before you get all whipped up about the headline and before you assholes in the martin's media start.
Oh yeah this memo just blows it on the water.
Emission of which if they would just read the damn inquire what about all that the boy hanky panky and vagus at the Marajan is villager huh?
Never had they ever gotten to that part yet.
Yeah.
They're so anxious to like cover this up because well he's an icon he's the king of pop.
He's a right.
He's a frickin' pedophile.
Okay.
He's a child molester period end of discussion throw his ass in jail and throw away the key.
Christ you know we got a lot of votes on the poll already haven't even given an out of you.
Plus I got two more off for it.
But let's take some of the important calls first.
WQA and Atkins Center.
Hello.
Hey, good morning.
Yes sir.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hey hi.
Hello.
What's up.
a shot. Here's today's pool other than 9-11, what news event of the past 50 years had
the most significance to you? Other than 9-11, which obviously would win by a million miles,
what news event of the past 50 years had the most significance to you? The JFK assassination,
the RFK assassination, the Martin Luther King assassination, the Warren Vietnam, Watergate
slash Nixon resigns. By the way, Nixon said Reagan was an asshole. And when Nixon says
you're an asshole, boy, that's really that's the ultimate indictment. That's like if
a mole called somebody an asshole. Absolutely. The Clinton impeachment, George W. Bush
deals in 2000 election, the alien on sag and I've added two more that aren't there yet.
Okay. And I'm sure the audience will have some or not as a case maybe. Elvis croaks on
the crapper, crapper. Okay. Right. Got that. Elvis croaks on the crapper or John Lennon
murdered. Right? Okay. Well, there's a couple more I need to be on there. I mean,
let's not narrow it down. Although so far George W. Bush deals the 2000 election, 29 are
saying that out of the first 56 quick votes. JFK assassination, 10, the alien on sag
a five poor alien alien, alienito, Watergate, Nixon resignation for Vietnam, more three Martin
Luther King assassination, three Clinton impeachment, two and RFK assassination none. All of this
of course also has to do with your age. Because when we see the past 50 years that precedes
many people in our audience, even George and Josh by a few years. So what do you think
about that media blowing up this damn store when it come to find out that it's all a bunch
of bullcraft that they were intimidating and you know, said, whatever they wanted them
to say, standing over their shoulder, like, probably with a shotgun. Oh, and speaking of
pedophiles, just goes to show you America never made a pedophile they didn't love. Come
back Roman Polanski, we love you. Impaddled singer R Kelly wins big of the music awards.
You ready for that? Yeah. R&B singer R Kelly who faces multiple child pornography charges
in two US states was one of the big winners last night at the Billboard Music Awards which
honor the year's top-selling artists. Kelly picked up four prizes as the destinies
child singer Beyonce Knowles who's enjoying massive solo success outside the popular female
trio. Destiny's time. Canadian country pop singer Chenaya Twain, rapper 50 cent who he says
a kill two people and hip hop trio Lil' John and the East Side Boys each took home three prizes.
The awards were handed out during a ceremony at the MGM Grand Gardenerina Las Vegas. I love
the MGM Grand. Kelly was named Hot 100 producer R&B producer Hot 100 songwriter and R&B songwriter.
Both performed at the event both Kelly and Beyonce as did Twain and other rancetges evervessence
No Doubt. Ah, full fighters, I love the full fighters and pink. Not too crazy about pink or
no doubt. Why not? Why do you like pink? She's pink. Fag. Okay. Wait a minute, that's a story.
Once again, we love a pedophile R Kelly. Man, let's salute him. Huh? Let's salute him.
Well, how about your Ely Lewis? Yeah. Well, he married her. He married her. She was like 14
years old. Yeah, that's kosher in the top though. And he was like related. He was like
Kiss and Cousin or something. What the hell was the relationship? Something. Cousin? Yeah.
What's that? Kiss and Cousins? That's what the, that's what Scroano always says. She and
or Kiss and Cousins only a complexion of been changed to protect her ass. Or Jerry comes from that
ain't no way. Okay. Stand you Scroano. Okay, you're disgusting and grotesque.
Talk about sleeping with a freaking enemy.
No wonder what presents us this candy.
You're a fool.
He's back in jail, rescuing his classic hits for his latest release.
It's Glenn Campbell, live from the Paragopitans.
Aminol drunk cowboy.
When I can't see the lines, that's what we've been all over the road.
I'll find my penis. I'll be sober.
I'm the truth. I have a cellmate. His name is Joe Rose.
I have a skull. I have a skull. I have my foot cut.
I have a skull. I have my foot cut. His blood. My green underwear is now blood.
I'm the wind. I'm Jewish. I'm a miracle for county.
For mixing booze with legs of gold.
I'm a big star. I'm just a washer cranky.
That's old.
Glenn Campbell. I'm on a douse and we'd light a fluid.
It said his ass so far. That's just how much I hate to command I.
Yes, Glenn Campbell.
He seems as old time greatest hits.
Live from the Maricopitans available wherever he's segregated.
1032 at 560 W.Q.A.M.
118 votes already on the pool.
Other than 911, what news have ended last 50 years has had the most significance to you.
George W. Bush deals the 2000 election 56.
JFK assassination 25 yet no more 15.
Watergate slash Nixon resignation 6.
A Leon saga 6.
Clinton impeachment 5.
Martin Luther King assassination 4.
R.F.K. assassination 1.
Elvis croaks on a crap or in general and murdered none yet.
They just went on there.
Just popped on.
I've had them atkins of bars.
I was thinking about Elvis a lot.
Let's see. Two suggestions for your poll today.
Operation Desert Storm.
This is Alex O.O.
Usually send pad choices.
Operation Desert Storm?
No. Do you think?
No.
No.
And the Iran countries with Oli North.
No.
I mean, obviously it's something that people think about.
But those are if that's the most significant news event of the past 50 years,
then you haven't even stayed under the bed too long.
560560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
I'm sure we have many other good ones WQ.A.M.
Seaters one.
WQ.A.M.
Hey, I'd like to take a little please.
Speaking.
Hey, Nell.
Just my, uh,
what I was talking about last week you'd read an article from the Democratic Party saying if
the average guy would donate $2 that their major contributors would donate a dollar.
Well, doesn't that make the major difference?
No, I didn't.
I didn't meet any article from the Democratic Party last week.
Uh, Reverend Joel.
WQ.A.M.
Hello.
Hey, Niel.
How about with the Berlin Wall came down?
Berlin Wall comes down not bad.
Okay.
Thank you.
Were you there?
No.
Berlin Wall comes down.
Huh?
Okay.
No, I got the significant.
How about also if we're going to put that on air, how about the uh,
breakup of the Soviet Union?
Right?
The end of the Cold War is how do you want to put that?
No, not the end of the Cold War.
The uh, the uh, the uh,
the Soviet, the collapse of the Soviet Union.
Okay.
How's that?
That sounds good.
Collapse of the Soviet Union.
It's time to just like that.
Okay.
Well, we got to have a like about a hundred categories on here because it's only one
pool today and we want to give it Eric something to do besides eat.
It is a holiday and by the way, Eric, if you want to stay really close to home,
try some of them Atkins and Dolls bars.
Trust me when I tell you.
Anybody out there who's having a little bit of trouble on the crapper who's a little on the
bound upside, maybe it had a little bit too much cheese?
Here's the answer for you.
Atkins and Dolls bars.
It'll keep you.
Really busy.
W-Q-I-M.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
How you do, sir?
After all, I'm doing pretty good.
By the way, you know, Elvis Presley did die on the toilet but that only proves that pot kills.
Right.
Okay, sir.
Bye.
Oh, I said that was it.
Yeah, doing lines from one of our bits.
Do them.
Pot kills.
Judy Garland, Lenny Bruce, Elvis Presley.
They all died.
While sitting on the toilet.
Here.
Remember.
Pot kills.
Stay off the pot.
I don't think so.
My home safety comes.
Not lately.
Anyway, 69 children abuse.
They got a lot of more well-not-a-lot.
It's more nasty, anti-catlic abuse stories.
Well, the first one really isn't about sex abuse.
It's about a part-time priest and Daytona Beach who's being charged with making
of scene phone calls to a 70-year-old arm-on-veach woman.
60-year-old Stanley Stanisouski, who worked as a helper priest at several
Catholic churches in the diocese of Orlando, says he's unaware of any charges
that the calls were made as a joke and that he was
under the influence of medication.
Sounds like rush.
Maybe that's what he was under the influence of.
The woman who asked their name up he released as the calls were enough to quote
scare the heck out of her.
Stanisouski says he apologizes for language use.
He still considers himself to be able to function as a priest.
He says I've done nothing to her.
It was on the phone.
The diocese has removed demands, faculties, and as did he leave,
but a spokeswoman says quote, we can't make him leave.
I got a paper or jam.
Oh.
Oh.
Okay.
69 children abuse darts diocese.
In the art diocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis, 33,
Roman Catholic priest allegedly molested 69 children over the past 50 years.
Church officials say yesterday, also said we did not make up that number.
That's what they said.
The arts diocese became the fourth of six Minnesota diocese to make public
details of sex abuse of the minors.
Reports from four dioceses in the first public accounting of sexual abuse
revealed that 208 children in Minnesota could have been molested by 90 Catholic priests.
I thought it was just like one or two here and there.
This is just in Minnesota.
Just in Minnesota.
Yeah.
But I thought it was just a couple of insulated insulated.
Oh, here's Jim again with his five words on the page.
He actually got up to about 10 or 15.
Neil Armstrong and that one's a small step.
Oh, how do we want to say that?
Mad walks under the man on the moon.
Man on the cockamoon.
Okay. Man on the moon.
Says I don't know how significant it's now.
I was nine of the time and it sure was special.
Says Jim.
That explains a lot of things Jim about the recent faxes.
All is forgiven.
Please come home.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 T and for rise and wireless line.
George W. Bush deals that 2000 elections got 75.
He may be off to the races.
You know what?
JFK assassination 29.
The Vietnam more 17.
Alien 8 though is got nine poor little alien 8 though.
Make sure he gets his unhappy meal today.
Will you please are we big of now?
He's up to eight.
What just happened there?
I always took that nine.
Clinton impeachment nine.
Watergate slash Nixon resignation seven.
Martin Luther King assassination five.
Tell them murder three RFK assassination one.
Elvis Crookes on a crapper one.
Collapse of the Soviet Union one.
Berlin wall comes down.
It's got the big so far, but it'll get something.
You think?
Okay.
I think WQ I am.
I said it.
Go man.
No, I'm telling you.
Line six.
He always how come he always comes out on line six.
Magic.
Is that what is he?
He made his magic tricks.
I was made tricks as scruano.
You're into that.
Well, if we could only tell you the full all brother.
You folks out there would like to be probably locked
at or and stay inside the rest of your life.
WQ I am.
How about the tragic breakup of Millie Vanilli?
Yeah, that was one of them.
That could definitely get a lot of votes, right?
WQ I am.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Uh, yeah, I want to put it on voting.
Go ahead.
I'd like to put a vote in for the, um,
the anniversary of the Barbie doll.
Anniversary of the Barbie doll certainly is definitely a G.I. uh, Joe.
And speak of the G.I. Joe, don't forget to check out our website, NeilRodgers.com.
See, these people that are very amusing, they, if they had some good material,
it would be good, but they don't, but that's okay.
We understand how they's under a lot of stress.
Uh, we got the uh, make believe the G.I. joke.
George W. Bush, a G.I. joke doll from Mad Magazine.
And we also have my favorite of all time.
I don't care what you say.
President Mo Bush.
Mo, how I say.
And then of course, what are Nitha Commander and Chim?
And if there's anybody including me who hadn't completely checked out the WMD
weapon of mass destruction countdown, you've got to listen to the audio because I hadn't
read the courses.
Let's move and he, uh, you know, yeah, the old chump chimps it along.
But there's a lot of stuff on there I hadn't heard before.
It goes on almost forever.
You know, yeah, it's slow, but we do have the ability here in these studios.
To put it on the air, I thought you said it was all distorted and crappy sounding.
We troubleshoot it.
Oh, great.
And to people do worse.
You're going to start all day.
It's a real ongoing countdown too.
Great evil is stirring in the world.
We trouble those against evil people.
We fight evil.
Evil weapons.
Evil.
They're worth.
Nuclear weapons.
Nuclear bomb.
Nuclear bomb.
There you go.
He wants to have a nuclear weapon.
Okay, that's enough.
I already had problems with the other round.
After hearing him starting to just gag up just a little bit.
Oh, we're supporting you.
560.
QAM.
They tell introduces the Saudi party.
Since their Saudi friends were upset with the old party since all plans named
party are Jewish.
So the good patriots at that tell re-designer to make party Saudi friendly.
Because if you know, the Saudis are our friends.
They like us.
And had nothing to do with 9-11.
And nothing to do with 9-11.
I know nothing to do with 9-11.
I don't think that you would know no one that could think of 9-11.
So the caterers who are Saudi friends by sliding our tons further up their
smelly hole.
Meet Al-Ava Barbie.
She comes complete with a sand display that let you bury her up to her neck
which she fell to obey.
For major advances, Bandar Ken will yank her head off with a jay.
Toad the higher realistic company.
Bandar cancelled separately.
The no longer Jewish Al-Ava Barbie.
Now he's a bling-barber eaten.
It was Jewish.
You can jill as they tell.
Eat as well.
It's 1046-566.
You see the guy called about the Barbie doll that's more than as they called a few minutes ago.
Yeah.
And we got a Barbie doll bit psychic.
We got it.
Maybe he was psychic.
203 votes on the pool.
I'm not going to read the results so.
Well, because I'm sure we're going to at least two, three more, right?
That we might actually want to put on there.
If not, I got a pile here all the way to the ceiling.
We got piles.
After those actins bars, trust me again.
Don't indulge in those end-dulls.
Unless you want to stay real close to home.
For hours and days and weeks to come.
WDQ Amline one's working.
Hello.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
What's the odds of like gore running with a dean?
Would that be like beneath him?
What's the odds of gore running with dean?
Not even a nun.
None.
Little slim.
Zero.
All right, Bob, don't retire.
Okay.
No, I want to retire.
Retire.
You know what's out.
No matter when we get a really great innovative guy,
I like to retire.
Then you get a whole bunch of weak indicators,
which we already had one today.
Week.
You're going to do something, do it original,
number one, and do it well.
Don't like to just repop, but never happens.
Something that clever.
Huh?
Something that clever.
Something is clever.
Retire.
Or are you miserable?
Now let's see.
We got a medical man and miserable old son of a bitch.
That's the same guy on line six.
Right.
Don't forget how to touch liberal.
Which I think is the same guy.
There's only like three callers.
Now, the meadar, so all of the show is not just this one.
There's only like three callers.
It is to a whole bunch of different voices.
And then there's Paul Harvey Jr.
WDQIM.
Cheers.
WDQIM.
Yeah, I want to play some votes.
Yes, sir.
It's in, uh,
Ryzen falls the internet boom.
The Ryzen fall of the internet boom, okay?
In other words, everybody loses their ass
is what he's talking about.
Some of us can relate to that.
Right, Mitch?
Right, Mitch, here's how we want to say.
Ryzen falls to the internet boom.
Did he see that bubble bursting?
Internet bubble bursts.
That's good.
Internet bubble bursts.
I'm just riding the wire right and he's down because you're writing them down.
Even an era can between the bites of
pastrami sandwiches this morning.
Do you know they hit pastrami in Orlando?
It's trache but they hit pastrami with like Swiss cheese.
Fights it and not only that, I guess there's no, uh,
on a Rubin sandwich, there's no cheese, is there?
On a Rubin?
You bet.
There is?
Sure.
Corn beef, cheese, sour, crout, and that's where I'll then I'll end up.
I'm trying to think why in a kosher
deli with a heifer Rubin sandwich and the answer is they wouldn't.
I like a good Rubin sandwich.
In fact, I think I just answered my lunch problems right now.
Although it probably should be in real light today, you know what?
Just take the bread off.
If you tuned in late, let me say it again,
the Atkins and Dolls bars, they taste great.
I mean, that thing was so it was,
you know what it is?
You know the expression too good to be true?
That was it.
Because one thing I guarantee you,
it'll make you sh**.
Oh man.
It'll make you wish that that hole was never invented.
If you catch my drift.
It'll make you sh**.
And then some and then some.
So don't indulge.
What I've got three boxes of these.
Should I just like give them out to the homeless?
Maybe some of them are bound up.
Spare some change.
You missed here.
No, but how about a nice indulge bar?
Hey, Rubin.
You don't get them off the street?
Yeah, you know something.
I think I just solved the problem of getting the homeless off the street.
You're mulling an indulge bar there.
So they'll be,
I mean, vending almost hotel restrooms man.
McDonald's.
Woo!
We.
Indulge.
Have four or five.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Q-I-M sounds better than the door nailed it.
What the hell?
Yes sir.
I was hoping you could explain something to me.
Yeah.
The, uh, the Democrats you guys have been screaming about.
The electorate.
The Democrats you guys have been screaming about.
What does that mean?
Well, all the Democrats have been screaming about how the electorate should
decide the election and how pushed all the presidency.
But before, before, before even one primary,
Goal came out or go, I should say, came out and endorsed being
without any electorate deciding anything.
And he just, I think, I think President, how does that make sense?
I think you're quoting from David Broder's column.
Did you read it this morning because it sounds like you ripped it off?
I think what I'm calling you guys is what you're hypocrites.
Yeah.
How do you call it?
So it's, uh-huh.
There we go.
It's one of your people again.
Spick, spick, spick.
Not see.
Fashista.
Fashista.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Fashista.
Fashista.
Bugaron.
Bugaron.
That too.
That's one of the little core of uh, circle.
First of guys.
W-Q-I-M.
What the hell was that?
How did I punch that one up?
W-Q-I-M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Good morning, Neah. How you doing?
Great.
Did you watch those musical works last night?
No, I did not.
How about I watch that crap?
Well, uh, tell you what, um, you know, the Hilton and Richie, uh,
Lina Richie's daughter.
Yeah.
They came out there and um,
the Hilton daughter said to Richie's daughter, listen, uh, watch your mouth.
Well, she turned around and she dropped the B.S. bomb first.
Really?
Apparently they uh, blew, they blocked her.
They blew it?
Yeah, because then she came out with the B.S. and the F.
All right.
Clear as day.
I mean, it.
My wife and I looked at each other and went, oh my god.
This was the channel.
Oh, my god.
Wow.
It was an awesome thing.
Oh, well, thank God it was on channel seven
because that's kind of perverse anyway.
Yeah.
Thanks.
Thanks for the good news.
How come we haven't heard about that?
We just did.
No, but I mean before that.
I really?
The media is too busy with Michael.
I don't know.
The media is not all that busy.
That was yesterday.
They were busy when they were trying to like exonerate him.
Oh, here's this guy.
Here's the real memo of the century.
Here's the real smoking gun and reverse.
Here, yeah.
In fact, that's the website, smokinggun.com.
Yes.
And a lot of other very naive people picked up on it
and splattered it all over their website.
And they're full of crap as usual.
So when American kids are dying in Iraq for no good reason at all,
that's not news.
But if we have some stupid ass memo
that was like coerced by Jackson's entourage of goofballs,
well, that's a big news story, man.
Front the center.
I'm gagging from that, Ed Kinsber.
I think I'm going to sue Dr. Bob in the grave,
posthumously.
You know how some people get an award posthumously?
How about if I just sue his ass posthumously?
Puss jackass.
You grave robber, you murderer, man.
Oh, see that?
Ooh.
No, listen to that.
My whole insides, it's going to take me days before
we cover from those indulge bars from that multitall and sormato.
Why can't they make something that tastes good
without sugar, without artificial sweeteners?
Why can't they just make something that tastes good
without a bunch of crap in it?
That's going to make you crap.
Huh?
Haven't you always wondered that?
I sure is how have.
No, something with a little bit of taste.
Like screw in.
Backdome, for example.
Not that much taste.
Nobody can do it on.
Q-I-M-E.
But these people are so slow, it's just it's scary, you know?
WQ-I-M-E.
WQ-I-M-E.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey, I got a question for you.
See, I can go through a thousand to get one.
Doesn't bother me.
Yes, sir.
Long time ago, when you used to own your Ferrari,
you had the Red Ferrari, remember that?
Yeah.
Was George working for you at that time?
No.
He wasn't.
Why does that matter?
What did George have to do with that?
It was a quick funny story.
I guess whoever was your producer at that time,
you had lent them the Ferrari.
And where I used to live, he started dating this girl
in my neighborhood.
And she had a boyfriend.
He had a long story short.
He ended up chasing your Ferrari with this cat in it.
And a little Toyota Tursell all around the neighborhood.
It was pretty funny.
What would it mean chasing it around the neighborhood?
What does it mean?
The boyfriend came home and whoever the cat was.
I don't know who was in your car talking with her.
She got out.
He took off and he started chasing them.
And?
That's it?
The end.
Well, what's the end of the story?
So what happened?
No, I wasn't.
I know if it was George.
Yeah, it was George.
Yeah.
567, I was 560.
It's one of the rare moments.
Actually, I wish I was there.
I mustn't be missing out on the good stuff.
I must have come in the last 24 hours.
I wish it wasn't me if I was somebody that dated him.
This good crap yesterday.
5607, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
Boy, where would this time be without me?
Community QAIM, hello.
Me, you.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I heard that on a Fox last night, too.
You heard what?
Speak up, sir.
Come on.
All right, all right.
I'm sorry.
She was cursing on Fox last night.
Yeah.
Through the F-bomb and the F-bomb twice.
Oh, no.
And that was why are you attracted to the Georgia bill?
No.
Are you?
No.
Yes.
He said you're not his type.
567, 0560, pound 5.
What the hell is that with the F-bomb?
I think it's that quiet.
Don't tell me I never put that in here.
That would be bad.
I would never.
The F-word?
No, the F-bomb, that time Jones won.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Oh, the hell you don't.
To the tune of sex bomb by time Jones.
F-bomb, F-bomb.
Oh, yeah, I'll find it.
See, you're way out of touch.
Apparently.
5607, 0560, how's that pull coming
other than 9-11?
Which news have ended the past 50 years
has had the most significance to you?
George W. Bush deals the 2000 election 111.
JFK assassination 42.
Word Vietnam 22.
Alien saga 13.
Clinton impeachment 11.
Watergate slash Nixon resignation 7.
John Lennon murdered six.
Collapse of the Soviet Union 6.
Martin Luther King assassinated six.
Elvis croaks on a crap or five.
Berlin Wall comes tumbling down three.
RFK assassination 1.
And the internet bubble bursts.
1.
And I guarantee it wasn't matured.
Hey, mate.
By the way, thanks for all the tremendous help.
The alcohol of my mind and love.
This is sports winning the vice city.
2 AM.
Maybe you melt my jockey shorts.
Bullwinkled J. Moose.
He conquered television.
He conquered movies.
Well, sort of.
And now he's conquering the world of heavy metal.
It's bullwinkled.
Sing's Aussie.
I.
U.
I.
Yes, America's favorite moves
pays tribute to America's favorite reality TV
dad, Aussie Osborne in Bullwinkled.
Sing's Aussie featuring such
bandler banging classics as War Musins.
J. Moose gathered in the matting.
Just like which you that like matting.
What's today's wrong writing dictionary?
When a classic cartoon character meets a classic rocker
who's become a living cartoon,
you get full Winkle Sing's Aussie.
With songs it includes you to hear.
Like.
Time to change and time to change.
If I come, but I hate the game.
Bucky I'm coming home.
And you want to come home with this CD.
It's full Winkle Sing's Aussie.
A coin of the waves on a crazy train.
Get to go, nobody will stay.
Best of all, you don't need a permit to hunt down this collection.
Make a moose call to your local record store and pick up a copy today.
Lovin' on one at five sixty W.
Here we got the mad dog at two.
The highly popular, the wildly popular German
bandage.
Then you got the Humper at four.
With Bino Cook at five.
Her cool outline from Tony Romans at seven.
You got your collegeable preview.
Whatever the highlight is at nine o'clock, nine to ten.
8K attention to a mark overnight.
It's said in the newspaper in a box score from last night's
Panther Bruins game, which I did see a part of it.
17,000 some odd.
Said there were 17,000 odd people there.
Because they wanted to goose up that attendance,
which that made the Toronto sunniest today in the sports pages
about the fact that they were given away four tickets,
the season ticket order to try to impress Gary Betman.
It was pretty embarrassing.
I saw that game on TV.
Now granted it was the Panther Telecast.
They had the rumor and Denise with their bottle heads.
But if there were 17,000 people there,
then my name is Ish Kavibbel.
Locator is no chance.
Maybe somebody who was there will call and tell us how many
really were there.
It didn't look like it was empty,
but it sure is how it would know 17,000 people.
So maybe they just counted the 4,000 for each season ticket
order that they gave away, you think?
Or that they offered to give away?
Maybe they just counted everybody about three times.
You're not pulling anybody, Alan.
It's a very sad situation.
They played pretty good, especially the overtime.
But what can I say?
Have a one in six games.
Here's one for the pool.
Arnold Elected Governor of California.
Thank you so much.
How could we forget that?
Because that was like a defining moment in American history.
I said that at the time, and I'll say it again.
It was like a defining moment in American history.
Just like when I ate that in Dulljbar.
It was a defining moment in my history.
In fact, I thought I was going to be history after 8,
like the second or third one.
Jesus, God.
I can't impress upon you enough.
Don't even touch it.
Because the bad part of it is they taste good and they're small.
They're like little.
You know how you have those little
the bags of miniature candy bars?
Right.
Like I'm talking about you.
You're in the Halloween.
Yeah, like in the drugstore.
And you got like mini Milky Ways or mini Snickers bars.
They're just a little bit bigger than that.
So you're going to eat like two or three or four of them.
You know, if it's going to replace a meal and then you're going to like
Oh man, you're going to wish that.
You could just end it all.
W-Q-A-M.
Care to cane.
W-Q-A-M.
Yeah, the bad thing is bars.
The problem with fat guys like you is you're not problem with assholes like you
is that you can't put a lid on.
Okay, I'm not interested in hearing from some skinny love punk.
This guy probably weighs 400 pounds.
That's another one of the chronics.
No.
No.
What a giveaway.
Very perspicacious George.
Bring it on baby.
Bring on that holiday cheer from South Florida.
Export it.
We can handle it.
Got to paycheck a day early this time.
All I can say that is nice going, Florence.
Oh yeah, here's an excellent one from Lou, the Merriol Bolt lift.
Talk and we forget.
Oh, we're going to get along.
I think I want to change my vote.
The Merriol Bolt lift, all you Merriolito is man.
Some nice people came in during the Merriol Bolt lift.
Fuck, third man.
A bunch of scumbags through his cashew.
Speaking of my Atkins experience.
Mm-hmm.
Kind of like a gigantic animal to the island.
You know, he just kind of like put an animal tube there.
There was governor Bob as much as I like him now,
but he was down there welcoming everybody in with open arms and legs.
Come on in.
And Jimmy Carter the same thing.
5, 6, 7, and I never forget, I don't want to tell a story again about the people from the INS.
I head on my show and W.
Just news that night during the Reagan years.
And again, during the break, the guy says you better just accept it.
We've decided that Florida is going to be the dumping ground for other Caribbean, for all the illegals.
I said what?
He told me that right to my push.
That they had decided the I.
The immigration people at Florida was just going to be the dumping ground.
This is where like, you know, a lot with the course of Texas in California where all the Mexicans, the beaners come in.
So good luck to us.
Let's see David and Miami says, due to my age, I have to say the first space shuttle crash
was most significant to me.
The Challenger crashes.
The Challenger blows up.
Say it however you want.
Okay.
Okay.
Wasn't that the Challenger with a school teacher?
I think it was.
Yes.
Flagstabid.
Oh, we got some activities going on today, right?
Yeah.
Look for the QM fan 4 to 6 this afternoon at the 7-11.
Oh, man, why you're eating your pickle legs, you can make a donation to a band of Perescu.
At the 7-11 at 4451, D.V. Boulevard just north of Griffin Road,
spend the QM wheel for those usual very low-budget prizes
and they will have all the best and meal stuff there too.
And also the Joe Mark Toy drive, all of these things to the holidays.
We have as of yesterday, 45,580 bucks for band of Perescu.
We got to get over 50 grand today's already December the 11.
Get with it.
Also, 7-9 tonight, Josh Cordis will be at Tony Romas for Hurricane Hotline,
located in Ludlum Road, US-1 and Coral Gables.
Does that mean you're getting paid extra for that?
Probably not.
Oh, I guess yes it does.
Miguel just saying.
Well, why would you...
Don't say, probably not, don't ever say that.
Say, you know what you say?
Absolutely.
That's right.
Absolutely.
Otherwise, I'm not showing.
And then you can be the next one suspended.
We were, I want to be honest with the audience,
we're operating with kind of a skeleton crew at QAM.
Because everybody's on the suspended list.
They're dropping faster than they can be replaced.
It would be like if you went to Calder to bet on Erases
and you found out that 90% of the jockeys have been suspended.
And like, you know, there's only like about five jockeys.
So we have like a limited number of horses.
Or maybe they have to write a couple sidesaddle during the race, you know?
Like in a Roman chariot.
Same thing at QAM, man.
We got a growing suspension list because,
ah, you know, for the holidays.
Because we got a lot of people who just didn't behave.
And they're misbehaving these days.
Of course, some of them have been misbehaving for a long time.
You know what I mean?
Roy!
Bitch miserable nasty, hateful obnoxious lying bitch.
I bet she's done OJ.
I bet she's done anything.
And if not, she's probably got like a life-size replica.
Don't you think?
Yeah.
If anybody's got an OJ blow-up dial, let's screw in.
And the water now see a buzzard on weekends.
Come to QAM.
A meal.
Yes, sir.
How are you, my friend?
I'm great.
Good to hear.
Listen, I got the same experience.
Now with those bars, but with the other
the metric bars, the pros and bar.
Yeah, I've heard more.
Oh my god, that Niagara Falls, buddy.
Oh my god.
Wow.
I hate it.
Anyway, get rid of the doors.
Goodbye.
Oh, man, everybody's in the holiday spirit.
Yeah.
Oh, I love it.
I just love it.
I really do.
I've taken such a different tack on life.
Such a different take on everything.
It's just so damn amusing.
The misery, the hate, the suffering.
I understand a lot of people wish that you were someplace else.
Not necessarily here where I am, but like, I just
about any place else.
I can relate to that.
I think they wish they were someone else.
Or someone else and also someplace else.
But of course, look into mirror and you'll discover that you're you.
And that's probably one of the reasons that you're there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
George W. Bush steals the 2000 election.
He's got 130 votes.
I think Mario Bolif is going to start moving up that list fast.
How could we have forgot?
WDQAM.
WDQAM, hello.
Talking about George, he made the talk show today in the Cuban
radio station in 670.
Yeah, the owner of the station's name is Jorge Rodriguez.
So one of his old geese are calling.
And he said, very, very nasty.
How can you allow your son to work for Da Dio,
communist anti-Covano translating Jewish, communist anti-Covano?
And the guy said, I don't have my name.
My name, my, my, my, I got a name Jorge Rodriguez,
but it's only 12 years old.
Yeah, it's a very uncommon name, right?
Yeah, but this guy was very upset because he said that.
Well, I'm delighted.
Thanks for the good news.
And Feliz Eviedavi did.
He said, 56670560, 0.560 on the AT&T.
The Verizon Wireless Line.
Don't let me forget to play a lot of alien bits again today.
Don't forget.
In honor of the Maris Grisias and Lazaro and that
it got some Isbohar.
And also don't forget.
Yes, I'm the baby Jesus.
I didn't know your name was Brian.
I thought it was Volka, Brian, it was the baby Jesus.
And when I heard that one thing this morning, I knew he was.
I knew he was the baby Jesus.
Oh, look at this.
It says, I'm also on no carb diet.
The South Beach one have lost almost 20 pounds since August.
And you're killing me there because I can eat chocolate.
And but the following bar.
So my question is if I'm at work, should I eat the following?
Oh, it's PR Ralph.
Well, this must be part of that Puerto Rican cuisine we asked him about.
It says, PS, if you want pastels, I'll bring somebody
when you're in town and whatever.
No, thanks.
A carburetor, right, sugar free chocolate almond bar.
Now he facts me the ingredients on here.
And guess what the second one is?
Guess what the second ingredient is that begins with an M and ends in an L.
I'll give you 45 guesses.
Multi-tall.
Multi-tall.
It'll make this s***.
Of course.
It'll make this s***.
Ralph might be immune to being reacon in all.
Is that it?
I don't know.
It all depends if you have some people can eat that stuff.
And I'm jealous of them.
I'm not going to be sensitive stomach.
I'd eat that.
What do they call it again on this box?
It's called sugar alcohols, which I have no idea what the hell that's supposed to mean.
But that multi-tall or sorbitol man.
This looks like a fricking H bomb entered your pussy.
In fact, that's probably the only thing that hasn't entered the scruans push yet is an H bomb.
My mind and local, we are sports radio five 60s, you and you AM.
And now it's time for another edition of Professor Moll.
Ah, hi, I'm poison girl.
Welcome back to another electrifying notification.
Today we're going to learn about the Roma therapy.
Now if my illestradiest assistant will give me a hand.
Err, Err, Err.
Oh, what?
You said you're here.
Huh, if I asked you to go press, I'd get out of there.
I know what you're doing.
I know who's behind this.
Certain people.
Certain people.
Are you talking about?
Never mind that now.
Wow.
I gotta demonstrate the infectious of a Roma therapy today.
All right.
Now, yeah, smell my finger.
But I love and smell my finger.
Now, if you notice, poison girl, that you're guilty is a smell of my finger.
I can't do it.
They right there in a smell my finger.
Oh, no.
But the telepoison girl's out there, and it smells like pizza.
It smells like don't do it.
They you're keeping it right there, and they can know that.
So, it's not smell of my pizza.
Why does it smell like that?
I don't mind my ass all morning, but that shouldn't matter.
I am cold pizza for breakfast.
Now, I'll pay your abandonment, may I say?
I'm going to pay a stock.
If I have to keep doing this.
Listen, you want to smell my feet instead?
That's a foot slay.
Smell my finger.
You ever smell a real woman?
Yeah, but not like the ones back in my day.
Back to the roads at a rain forest, running up their cracked pterom pits.
1117 and 560 WQAM.
Here's the fact that says for our poll, how about Princess Diana's death?
Don't get in that Mercedes.
No.
Princess Diana, we're begging please.
Paparazzi's coming.
Out for you.
You're going to crash into a wall.
No more rich guy for you.
Princess Diana is gone.
Oh, Princess Diana.
Princess Diana is gone.
She's really gone.
We're into a tunnel.
Hello, wall.
And what do you know?
This obviously is from a lady.
And to her, this was a very significant event.
Yeah, I think it's worthy for some people.
She was worthy.
Princess Diana, we're with you about two seconds of our time.
Time's up.
Bet some people right up like her.
I'll tell you what you're worthy of talking about.
Statement by the Humane Society of the US
and Response Device President Cheney's shooting spree.
At a Pennsylvania canned hunting facility.
Wait till you're this.
Mondays hunting trip to Pennsylvania
by Vice President Dick Cheney,
in which he reportedly shot more than 70 stocked peasants
and an unknown number of malered ducks at an exclusive private club,
praised places of spotlight on an increasingly popular
and deplorable form of hunting,
in which birds are pen-reared and released to be
shot in large numbers by patrons.
The ethics of these hunts are to be called
in question by Rankine Files sportsman
who hunt animals in their native habitat
and don't shoot confinder pen-raised animals
that can't escape like I told you before the show today.
It's called Shooting Fish in a Barrel is what it's called.
Real hunters would like to shoot those people.
The Pittsburgh Post Gazette reported Monday
that 500 farm-raised peasants were released
Sunday morning at the Rolling Rock Club
and Ligonier Township for the benefit of Cheney's
10-person hunting party.
The group killed at least 417 of the birds
illustrating the unsporting nature of canned hunts.
The party also shot an unknown number of captive malereds
in the afternoon.
This wasn't a hunting ground.
It was an open-air abattoir.
A device president should be ashamed to have
patronized this operation
and enslaughted so many animal states
weighing Paselle, Senior Vice President
of the Humane Society of the U.S.
If the Vice President and his friends
wanted to sharpen their shooting skills,
they could have shot skeet or clay
not resorted to the slaughter of more than 400 creatures
planted right in front of them as animated targets.
How do you like that?
You know, I happen to know skeet and clay
and they're both nice guys.
They don't deserve these shots.
How about skeeter Davis?
Okay.
So there you go.
There's your macho-wise president
and his entourage of misfits.
I guess they're just getting ready.
They're sharpening up their skills
for the big final blowout.
You know what I'm saying?
Speaking of that, Bobby Brown.
I see this is a new story.
No.
No, but it's on the scene in a website.
And I noticed that the same people
who were hyperventilating
about the incorrect Michael Jackson story
yesterday about the shoot him up
by .com, whatever he'll was.
They have it corrected from smoking gun.com.
They haven't bothered to correct it.
As far as your girlfriend Lynn.
They have it corrected on their website.
It seems to me since when you put a big headline on there
and blast it all over the place about,
oh, here's the memo that blows all the charges out of the water
and it turns out to be quite to the contrary
of nothing of the sword.
But it's always that way.
It's like one of you know,
so and so was an ax murderer
and they put it on the front page of the paper.
And the next day if you look on page two,
underneath where it has the,
where these subscription information,
little tiny print correction.
Yesterday the herald said they got it.
Oh, it's big enough people make bad mistakes.
You people are channel four.
You're a bunch of losers.
We know that except for our friends over there.
Do we have any Bob Soeper?
Right? Anybody else?
I'll get back to you.
No, that's it.
So they report a couple of days ago,
remember we had was at Monday or Tuesday.
Whatever day we had the roof came in at the uptown theater
that they're demolishing here in Toronto.
And again, for whatever reason,
the media around the country
made it a humongous story,
which I guess it was a slow day.
Well, channel four reports.
I have it on very good authority.
My own personal spy report.
Channel four reported that the reason
the roof of the uptown theater here in Toronto
caved in and one person died
and over 14 others injured
was because of all the snow on the roof
that the pressure of the snow
from the big snowstorms over the weekend.
The roof caved in.
There's only one problem with that
as well as the channel four.
Did it snow here in Toronto over the weekend?
Was there a flake of snow?
The only flakes are a channel four in the newsroom.
Making up stories as they go along and
bellishing stuff.
It didn't snow at all here.
That storm went nowhere near here.
It went south of New York State.
It went across the Pennsylvania area
and through Philly,
I don't know where it went,
and up New England,
up these coast.
It was nowhere near here,
assholes at channel four.
So it's amazing that all of that snow
could have come from nowhere.
Maybe Santa dropped it off the slate.
Snowware.
It was snowware on the roof
but the uptown theater in Toronto
that the roof caved in.
They were demolishing the building.
You morons you.
But again,
this is what the American public
is getting the spoon fed every day.
Bull crap.
Man, it's done like the taste of it.
Yeah.
God, I could have made a whole bunch
that take out meals for you yesterday.
Bobby Chowne charged with the
chattery.
Huh?
Bobby Brown charged with
batter.
Oh!
He stole Scrooans batteries.
Or can you imagine?
He's probably still got that big one at
bros.
Looks just like Royce,
Asperritus.
Singer Bobby Brown was charged with
battery yesterday after
weekend altercation with his wife
singer Whitney Houston
in which he allegedly threatened
to beat her ass authority.
Said, I think she's got to come
and I think you're right.
Uh-huh.
I think a lot of people would like
to beat her ass.
Brown appeared with his attorney
before a judge yesterday afternoon
after meeting with detectives
and a court solicitor.
He was charged with one kind of
battery under Georgia's domestic
violence law and released.
He must return to,
I mean, this is a new story
that Bobby Brown beat
up Whitney Houston for crying out loud.
That's that's a new story.
I just passed along because
they're hyperventilating about that
as well.
You know, I mean by hyperventilating.
Like that.
5 6 7 0 5 60,
pound 5 60 on a AT&T
in Verizon.
Wireless line.
Anybody called in this house
to reel a crowd at the Panther
game last night?
No.
Well, why not?
Hell not.
I bet it's on line nine.
You always we always get
great information on line nine.
Deputy Q.A.M.
Yeah, I can talk to you.
Yes, sir, speaking.
Yeah.
You know,
looking at the paper today,
like the New York,
I don't know if you saw the cover
of the New York Post.
No.
Okay.
But I'm trying to avoid it.
Yeah, I know.
Me too.
I can't help it.
It's the next to people reading it.
But notice that it has the
the big story of course
that that wedding.
You know, the the bachelor wedding.
Right.
You know, just more about the
spoon feeding of the American public.
You know, it has nothing to do.
I guess with the fact that
Rupert Murdock owns the post, right?
Oh, not at all.
And on the website, I'm looking at it right now.
On the website, they always have two
of the headline from the sports and then they have the front page.
There's man.
There's Tristan Ryan's tacky wedding.
It's awful.
And then the panic about Andy Petty and the Yankees is going to lose them.
Those are the two flashing headlines.
Meanwhile, we had another American die in the
rack and maybe more than one.
And if they're not in there anywhere.
Right.
And all the hellburt and contracts and everything like that.
Right.
You know,
Ann Koltar talks about how the times
hates the common man and everything.
And you know, today the New York Times has a story about,
has a story about, you know, the, what's trying to seek help from all the companies
that all the countries that were borrowed from, from, from.
From Tristan Ryan.
You know, but he's on the phone.
Oh, Peter, so we stuck it up here, Bob.
Will you please help us out?
Yeah, exactly.
And yesterday was, uh,
Keltro, Keltro's wedding.
Right.
How about the post?
I mean, doesn't it take a lot of fancy?
I could give a crap less.
Oh, yeah, I could really care too.
Well, one good thing to do with the postman is it's good at
about him and the birdcage better than the hero of the Sunsend.
Have a great day, Pally.
You got that.
All right.
Later.
There's a guy in New York calling or reading the New York post all about him.
Which is nothing wrong with a good tabloid.
The problem is the word good doesn't fit in with the tabloid because it's
rupper Murdoch.
More of that Fox right wing propaganda.
The New York compost?
Yeah, the New York.
Oh, I like that.
The New York compost.
Maybe I could have asked with that last night.
You could have made a lot of it.
Many, many times.
Bought third man.
Well, I can't even begin to tell you.
You think I'm exaggerating with that story?
I already began to tell me and done something.
Have I?
Yeah.
Well, let me start again.
All right.
In fact, I got a whole box full sitting here.
Let's see, I had three.
From the top.
So that means I got a dozen.
Matter of fact, go and get some of the eight.
Here's the sound.
Here's the sound of all these little bars.
Eat a lot of the animals bars.
And the sad part of it is they really they taste not good.
They're great.
You know how usually you wouldn't know
because you don't eat any of this stuff because you're not fat.
But like that one guy was ripping us fat folks and he's right.
But the fact is, most of them have kind of like a chalky taste.
Not chalky, but like,
no, no, no, no, no, no.
That's kind of like an artificial taste of the chocolate.
You know what I mean?
I said, well, some of the free crap they came in here.
Oh.
But these tasted like the MS-man,
like the real thing, like a real, almost like a Snickers bar,
like an all-handry.
This loaded with peanuts and man,
oh man, about a 45 to hour minute wait.
Can you imagine if you run out of paper?
And look all.
This is sports radio,
so you gotta be in the pose.
the
there
to
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
I'm a little bit more than you.
There we go.
There we go.
There we go.
There we go.
That's the meat and potatoes and the Roger's Show, right there.
That's the meat and potatoes and the Roger's Show, right there.
Right there.
You know that he's one of our chronics now.
Oh yeah.
Somebody that I'm obsessed would never just disappear.
No, just because we know his name and where he works and...
Right, right, right, right.
No, that wouldn't do it.
No.
So he's got like a new method now.
So he must be one of the real ultra-chronous, probably the one that does the miserable son
of a bit.
Probably that one kind of like a H.W.S.B.R.N. guy.
He's probably three of them.
Oh, at least.
High payments to Halibut and for fuel in Iraq.
The U.S. government is paying the Halibut and company an average of $2.64 a gallon to
import gasoline and other fuel to Iraq from Kuwait.
You know, Iraq way they were like waiting online for four hours for gas.
Right.
More than twice what others are paying you trucking Kuwaiti fuel government documents
show.
Halibut which has the exclusive U.S. contract to import fuel into Iraq.
Subcontracts to work to a Kuwaiti firm government official said, but Halibut and gets
26 cents a gallon for its overhead and fee according to documents from the Army Corps
of Engineers.
The cost of the imported fuel first came to public attention in October and two senior
Democrats in Congress criticized Halibut.
The huge Houston-based oil-fueled services company for inflating gasoline prices at a great
cost to American taxpayers at the time it was estimated that the Halibut was charging
the U.S. government a racked oil-fueled program an average of about a $1.60 a gallon for fuel
available for $0.71 wholesale.
But a breakdown of fuel costs contained in the Army Corps documents recently provided
to Democratic congressional investigators and shared with the New York Times shows that
Halibut is charging $2.64 for a gallon of fuel.
It imports from Kuwait in a buck 24 per gallon from fuel from Turkey.
There you go.
When it does, gouge them out.
How's that pull coming?
The 2000 election may not be exceeded by anybody.
It's got a big start.
Other than 9-11, what the news events of the past 50 years had a most significant
stew?
What news event?
George W. Bush deals the 2000 election 148.
The JFK assassination 64.
Vietnam War 32.
Collapse of the Soviet Union in 15.
The alien saga 15.
Clinton impeachment 14.
John Lennon gets murdered 13.
Berlin Wall comes tumbling down 12.
Watergate slash Nixon resignation 9.
Martin Luther King assassinations 8.
Ailea, what is it?
Elvis craps on a croaker.
8.
Didn't he crapp on the croaker?
The Mario Bolif has got only 6 so far.
I know that was the late edition, but I can't believe that.
It's 6 for Mario for the Mario Litos.
Internet bubble burst 3.
The challenger explodes 3.
RFK assassination appear and Arnold Schwarzenegger becomes governor of California has got
2 out of 354 votes.
Governor California, like I said, that was the delineating moment.
That's where we do the line in the stand and said at this point, we understand that the
dumbing down of America is complete.
Hey, job.
Oh, look at that.
And that's right on it.
That somebody must have been psychic faxing me this.
Washington, because my next story is a peel court rejects governor's request to remove
Shivoh Judge.
An unknown vehicle crashed through the tall steel gates that the governor's mansion in
Tallahassee last night because no one and no injuries.
Was that the other guy that you had heard?
Governor Jeb Bush was not at home at the time of vehicle crashed through one gate and
fled through another gate shortly after 7 p.m.
His wife, Columbus Bush, was at home, but heard nothing as the instant unfolded official
say.
But she was probably packing up a lot of them good, imported goods for Christmas gifts.
You think?
I know.
The vehicle initially entered the grounds at the mansion to a gate on first avenue crossed
the lawn and crashed through a second gate and fled onto Wall Street.
Investigators said the vehicle believed to be some sort of truck.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Was being sought by police and sheriff deputies called into assistance the investigation.
Some sort of truck.
That's good.
I'm glad they're right on top of it.
Speaking of Governor Bush, the anxious one, the religious one, the fanatical one, the
holier than thou one, the goody two shoes one, and appeals court yesterday refused Governor
Bush's request to disqualify St. Peter's Berg Judge from hearing me a constitutional
challenge to Terry's law.
In a ruling last month's circuit judge W. Douglas Beard said that the newly passed law that
allows Bush to keep Terry Shiveau alive with a feeding tube is depriving the brain damage
woman of her constitutional right to privacy.
In other words, leave that family alone and let them do their thing, okay?
Remove the tube.
Bush said the judge's comments made him an advocate and the governor's attorney asked
Beard to remove himself from the case when Beard didn't Bush appealed.
In a five-page decision, the three judge's panel of the second district court of appeal
said Beard statements are not caused to remove him.
Some of Beard's comments, the panel said correctly, reflect the law while others were
recitations of holdings by the appeals court itself, which has made several rulings in
the Shiveau case over several years.
One of those appeal rulings affirmed a lower court's decision to allow the feeding tube
to be removed.
But of course, you're born again, Governor, polier than now.
He's got to stick his nose in there and get the legislative pass and emergency law, Terry's
law, so we can keep this woman alive.
There's no hope, none, zero, sympathy, do not, less than none.
But he's got to stick his nose in there.
When it wants, he gets it outside of the square and his womb to check on that fetus.
Speaking of fetus.
Yes?
Thank you.
Are your potato pancakes out there yet?
No, but Ira from AC Sub-Cain Through Forrest.
Yeah.
Thank you, Ira.
You mean, corkies did not come through for us today?
No, they were always a harvesting potato pancakes?
No.
Shame on you, corkies.
Maybe, maybe, maybe, manana.
I'll look what's on CNN again.
The school looked upon them.
They all feel like they were criminals for some reason.
And then they're all just why was I unreasonably searched?
Now, I hope you're watching right now on CNN because there's a white kid.
Mm-hmm.
And I'm welcome.
I've seen this about a million times and you'll notice there's a whole bunch of white
kids.
But now Jesse Jackson, let us stick his nose in there and it's a racial thing.
Oh, and look at that.
There's a sub attorney with some shfarts on there on CNN.
The individuals that were subject to this unreasonable search and see.
It's a racial thing.
I mean, I'm all with him as far as being, well, here's the real story.
17 Stratford High School students are suing the city of Goose Creek South Carolina in the
Berkeley County School District and Federal Court alleging police and school officials terrorized
them in a drugway last month and they are absolutely correct.
Individuals named in the well, the defendant's the police chief and this one and that one.
The suit also names the city of Goose Creek.
It's police department in the Berkeley County School District had defendants.
School officials declined to come on.
Details are lost at the express regret about the incident.
Right.
The November 5th on my birthday, no less than November, November 5th raid by police and school
officials has created a national firestorm in part because it was caught on video taped
by the school and made available to a local TV reporter.
We're watching it right now.
Although they are patting down a couple of black teenage kids.
You that?
Yeah.
Maybe they that one he thinks about a nice ass.
I don't know.
The guy.
Standard officials have said they had reason to believe drugs are being sold at the hallway
before classes started, but no drugs were found in a raid.
I think it's a Rachel thing.
Some stratford students were arrested on drug related charges earlier this year in the
lawsuit.
The 17 students asked for an unspecified amount of money for damages and an injunction against
another such raid.
They also write for a declaration that their constitutional rights have been violated,
which of course goes without saying even a mo' rod can tell that.
Absolutely.
The suit charges the students fourth and 14th amendments were violated.
The suit also levels charges of assault, battery and false arrest.
They said even Bobby Brown will be enversed by this.
The school district and police department in McCracken bears responsibility for what happened
the suit said in part because they failed to train and supervise their employees part
of the raid.
What else McCracken?
He's the principal.
George L. Cracken.
Oh, remember Jimmy Crack corn?
Yeah.
Kin.
The suit also says McCrack corn has made clear that the raid will be in as the standard
policy for stratford administration.
You ready for that?
I'm ready.
He has made clear that the raid will be in as the standard policy for a stratford administration
when contacted last Friday McCracken said he hadn't received any information about
the lawsuit.
Even if I had, I can't comment.
He said.
And the best news of all, guess who's there?
I just already told you.
Guess who's there sticking his nose into it.
Jesse?
Yeah, Jesse.
The Reverend Jesse Jackson, they South Carolina native traveled to the low country this week
and announced plans for a December 16 rally to protest the drug raid.
You go, Jesse.
You go, man.
Maybe he can impregnate a few South Carolina women while he's there too.
What Pell's wrong with Jesse running again?
He can be the new father of our country.
See, that's why we got so many white folks.
George Washington was a white guy, right?
Thomas Jefferson.
He impregnated them slaves, made them all white.
He could be the godfather of the country.
In fact, Thomas Jefferson could have been Michael Jackson's father, you think?
Before he turned quite so white.
100 and fit.
Now, how's the burial boat lift?
You only got seven?
That is really only seven say the burial boat lift is the most significant event.
News of it.
The past 50 years to them.
That is almost enough to make me say, but not quite.
My life and look all this is for real by 60.
I don't have a penis.
Well, congratulations.
Get a life.
Tonight, I'm Ghear-I.
He's got a...
Hey, that's not where he says.
He's the one with the two first names.
It's Ghear-I.
Or Toby out there.
Be there where you are.
Okay, I'm on him.
It smells like powdered eggs in here.
Red that counts as, oh, I smell funny.
What's this old white wolf higher doing here?
I'm raising pets, eaters.
This one here, our whole skate or day.
Oh, well, that life-size long-jockey statue.
Ask, Ghear-I.
We all have to ask him first.
Ask, Ghear-I.
You understand, he's real.
Oh, God, how do you smell like hot baloney?
I smell like a man.
Who's that you have that chain in the face, man?
That's my retarded sister, who's my mom, too.
What are you two for there for?
I'll...
Well, that's none of your business.
Fine.
Okay, now, let's get rid of that hat.
That's screening.
Hey, everybody, I'm a moron.
Don't touch my hat.
I keep my pins in there.
Sorry.
I agree to let you sisters in here to warm our CDs.
Just don't touch me.
Don't worry, honey.
Well, you're not into pairs.
But you have to get out of those.
Well, I'd get sick on them clothes.
Okay.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Somebody get the garden hose.
Who's the last time you tend to around the weird Toby?
About 30 days ago.
He's throwing my trunks under his balls.
That makes it fun to me.
My father was a patriot, you know.
I may not be, but I watched Laws TV.
We're eyeport, till the key.
Tonight, after a special monster balls garage.
From 46 at 560, I say 1246, and I give it as a Newfoundland somewhere.
All right.
14-till noon is what it is.
Give or take.
560, 705, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T.
I don't know if we really have that many more for the poll that we're going to get.
I think we got most of the major events.
Right.
And?
Yes.
You put that 9-11 thing on there other than 9-11.
I think that GW Bush thing would have beat that too.
No.
All right.
No way.
Just thank him.
No chance.
Telling you.
Do you believe that, Josh?
No, I don't.
No, we don't believe you.
See, even Josh has got the cohorts to say.
Only one way to find out.
See, you don't have like another quizzling there like a beener boy.
Oh, please.
Please what?
As if backstabbing sack of crap.
That was out of the building.
Every shot in the world.
Every one of your people, man.
No, you're the people that you rescued from under the overpass and over the overpass.
What a year of people.
No.
He was the board on the island.
Democratic presidential hopeful Wesley Clark tried to use his biography to connect with voters.
Just as Bill Clinton did 92.
No coincidence, by the way, he's the Clinton's hand-picked guy.
It's starring a 17-minute campaign film that chronicles his Arkansas upbringing and decorated military career.
The film American Son was produced by Linda Bloodworth Thomason, the same filmmaker who produced several such pieces for Clinton,
including the celebrated 92 convention film The Man From Hope.
Hope Arkansas.
Bloodworth Thomason, an old Clinton friend, also produced a TV series designing women,
evening shade, and hearts of fire.
The Clark film covers his childhood as schooling at West Point as services NATO Supreme Allied Commander,
supporters attending an annual year.
You know something I think Clark and Winnie election.
You know why?
Why?
I see tremendous similarities between West Clark and Dwight Eisenhower, the difference being that Clark actually can speak and can pronounce words properly.
And it makes a better bell off a grower because Eisenhower is like a grizzled little fart.
Even when he was 30, he was old.
How old?
About 30, man.
I'm Tonya.
I'm not saying that I'm a band in the Dean bandwagon, but I'm just saying I really think West Clark can win.
And this business about, well, he's not a real Democrat.
Well, Eisenhower didn't know what party was in.
The Republicans made him an offer he couldn't refuse, I guess.
And he said, OK, why not?
Supporters attending a New York fundraiser for Clark this week will get a preview of the film.
Then it'll be handed up to supporters of 500 house parties across the country, December 18, which is a week from two days.
Chris Lahain, a Clark campaign spokesman said the film may run on TV stations in the future.
The film is just one more example of how the Clark campaign is embracing the retired general similarities with Clinton.
And dozens of former Clinton staffers are working on Clark's campaign and the two men's early lives have striking parallels.
Both are Arkansas natives who were raised as backed as by the mothers after their fathers died while they were young.
Both go by last names of their adopted fathers and learned an adulthood about brothers they had never met.
Both earned road scholarships to study at Oxford University in late 1960s. How do you like that?
I like it.
Lots of similarities there.
Only Clark don't speak with a kind of like a Southern draw.
And you don't have like one tenth of personality of Clinton not even close.
But he's okay. We might warm up him a little bit, right?
They'll take him. They'll take him.
They'll take him. They'll take him.
They'll take him. They'll open for him. That's all I'm saying.
I mean, Dean is the man right now. Believe that they're open for West.
I was a mother.
It turns into a mess. Let's call on West. I like Westlus.
Mother of three gets four. See, I don't know what to say about this. Maybe you do.
Mother of three gets four years in prison for sex with teenage boy.
Amy Dwayne, the 37 year old mother of three children,
who was sentenced to four years in prison yesterday for having sex with a 13 year old boy
in supplying alcohol to other teens at Lake Worth Homer.
But that story, yeah, that's a little young.
No, no, no, no, I'm not saying it was acceptable.
But I mean four years in prison.
What would you show?
Shortly before this, I don't know.
Shortly before the sentence in Dwayne told Palm Beach County Circuit Judge Jack Cook,
I'm so, so sorry.
Dwayne could have spent a maximum of 16 and a half years in prison under state guidelines,
and in addition to victims' mother, it has the judge to give Dwayne the maximum
for abusing the trust of the neighborhood children and their parents,
and lying about the relationship more than a year before she was arrested.
Cook ordered the four year term added five years of probation and told Dwayne
she was free to spend the holidays with her firefighter, Hubby,
and children till January 5th, when she used to report to state prison officials.
Dwayne showed a little reaction of the sentence was handed down.
Last month Dwayne pleaded guilty to a single count of ludional civious battery
and nine misdemeanors counts as sale of booze to persons out at 21.
As part of the plea deal, prosecutors agreed to drop a second count of ludional civious battery.
A Dwayne friend, Deborah Farve, 39 admitted she also had a sexual encounter with a teenager
in a bedroom in a, at Dwayne's home, in a bedroom.
The two women regularly supplied booze in neighborhood junior high and high school students
who would stop by Dwayne's opinion drive home according to court records.
When Palm Beach County Sheriff's detectives arrested both women in May,
Farve was a girl scout register our role.
They worked as a data entry, entry a processor in elementary school.
Oh.
Farve has pleaded guilty to all the charges without a plea deal in place.
She faces five and a half to fifteen and two thirds years in prison under state sentencing guidelines
for the single felony count of unlawful sexual activity and four counts of sale
of alcohol to persons out at 21 sentencing for Farve will be February 13.
So in other words, you don't think that four years in prison is a little bit over the top?
Of course, she could have gone for sixteen and a half years as the max.
She's 37, she had sex with a 13 year old boy, she was passing booze amount of teenagers
and she's going to get four years in jail.
Well, it's, my thing, my thing, my thing, she wasn't supplying them with that wicked weed man.
Oh, like 20 to 30 easy, right? Maybe life.
Good news is the kid will be almost 18 by the time she comes out.
Oh, man, that is bad.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless.
What would be the appropriate sentence?
I don't know, therapy.
No jail.
Suspended to sentence, probation to the sentence.
See, I just don't, I mean, granted what she did was grotesquely unacceptable.
But on the other hand, four years in jail, see what I'm saying?
Yeah, but that double standard again.
What do you mean?
I've had a guy with a 13 year old girl, like a life, like a life for him.
Right, right.
And violent rape all the way through it.
W-D-Q-A-M.
It smells like do-do.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Can I read you something real quick on Neil Bush?
Go ahead.
This is out of the week magazine.
There's a president Bush's brother admitted to having sex with a string of women while on a business trip to Asia.
How many had that long time ago, sir?
Thank you.
How many had that a long time ago, remember?
I did.
Ages ago, like two, three weeks ago.
But thanks anyway, Pali.
He didn't know that we're positive about us.
What?
He didn't know that we're positive.
Anyway, let's see, Scott till 2 p.m.
What does this mean?
I don't understand what this edition means to our best off thing, then.
I don't know, just read it as is.
It says, Scott until 2 p.m.
at the Shell Gant station on Sheridan Street just west of on 85.
Some of the ones he's there now?
Or on his way or going to be there, yeah.
Well, that's like by your house, right?
The Shell Gant station on Sheridan Street just west of I-95.
Look for the QM van.
Scott's going to be there.
Scott Jr.
With our best of Neil merchandise and accepting toys for the Joe and Mark toy drive.
And then later on, four to six this afternoon, the van will be at 7.11
at 4451.
You're going to get a whole bunch of pickled eggs and then sausages, man.
Oh, man.
Just stick your hand in that big jar and pull a good one out.
You must not have been into a 7-11 in a while.
In fact, if you close your eyes, yeah.
What do you mean by that?
They've really come a long way.
I'm not, I'm just joking around.
Why are you so defensive about 7-11?
You got something going on with 7-11?
I would.
Boy, I wish.
Look for the QM van today 4-6 of these 7-11.
Located at 4451.
Debutable bar just north of Griffin Road.
Spin the wheel for prize.
I'm assuming Miguel is that one or assuming.
And then 7-9 o'clock tonight, Josh Cordis will be at Tony Romans for hurricane hotline.
You can warn Josh about working on this show.
I guess he's already been warned.
Located at Ludlow Road and US-1 at Coral Gables.
And like I said, till 2 o'clock, Scott is in a QM van.
Let's raise a few hundred bucks today again.
We'll certainly get over the $46,000 mark.
For sure, won't we?
Yeah.
The damn well better.
Of course, going into today, we had $40,580, which means we need 4-20 a day.
With all of these damn appearances, we ought to do that like falling out of bed in the morning, right?
I would think.
Right.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
Our first lady of the day.
Let's hear it.
Oh, all right.
I have two things to say.
Okay.
Actually, I have more, but I'm restraining myself.
First, as I just wanted you to know that in certain Boston medical centers,
there's a name for what's ailing you after your indulged virus.
It's called RBF, which stands for rectal blowout syndrome.
Rectal blowout.
Why did I blow it out?
That's exactly right.
You're correct.
And B, I have a theory about your declining hits on your website.
Yeah.
I believe that there may be more people like me who, due to the blooming income and the incredible draw,
and the unemployment rate, I haven't worked in two years.
Oh, no.
And I had to sell my computer to keep the car from being recessed and to possibly also buy some food.
So I can no longer go to your website, and I can't cast any votes, which I'd like to vote for Vietnam, if that's possible.
Okay.
And maybe that's why not so many people can visit your website anymore.
Maybe they all had a seller computer for the holidays.
Yeah.
And if I give, it could be.
I can't even buy my grandchildren in a gift this year.
Georgia, I'll be out.
Oh, you want?
Sure.
Isn't he sweet?
No, he won't.
I didn't think so.
Good luck, sweetheart.
Hang in there.
Thank you.
Have a great holiday in spite of it.
You too.
Love him 56.
Georgia, would help you.
By the way, that text in the mail.
Oh, thank you.
I would help her out if she was younger, cuter, willing.
Maybe you know, and if you were like 13, she might help you out.
She's not that tight.
No, no, seriously.
I'm going to think about that.
We should take a poll on that tomorrow in the first hour for part of the show.
All right.
I already smit can to stir.
I can get it again.
Do you really think that she deserves jail time for that?
No.
Kids said she was pretty good.
Now, see, that was bad.
You shouldn't have said that.
Well, they don't put his name in there.
He's a minor.
Four minutes to noon at 5.60 WQM.
The Shelley Blooms is pretty good.
That's why they've been around so long.
Shelley Blooms' fashion clothingers.
They've been doing it right for the guys of South Florida for 40 long, amazing years, in
the same world-famous location.
26.50 Northwest Fifth Avenue right in the heart of the Miami Fashion District.
At Shelley Blooms, you'll always find fine men's clothing.
They got it all for you.
They got suits, sport coats, slacks, dress, sports shirts, ties.
One of the biggest selection of designers shoes anywhere in the universe.
Shelley's got a tag in Slack Super 120's and 15 colors for only 60 bucks.
Georgia are money suits that you'd have to pay $1395 to $1595 any other place else or only $795
at Shelley Blooms Fashion Clothingers.
Shelley even offers a fantastic selection of Italian suits starting at just $225 each.
Three ingredients are white or still there going strong after 40 years.
Service selection and price.
They are unbeatable and Shelley guarantees it'll never change.
The selection is fantastic.
All the races are always free.
And with 1,000 suits in stock up to size 70.
Fat boy, you're sure to find what you need.
So stop overstanding and extending at the malls and make the trip to Shelley Blooms in a heart of the fashion district
to open Monday through Saturday 930-6th.
If you have questions you want to compare prices, give Shelley a call.
It's 305-5735890.
That's 305-5735890.
Shelley Blooms, no matter where you live, no matter where you're hanging it out.
Shelley Blooms Fashion Clothingers is well worth your trip.
Finding local.
This is 560.
The radio is on your side.
She will be in.
This is Dick Keney.
I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalen massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12th of 1 hour movie.
Hey.
This old man Dick Keney.
He had Angie O'Bassi.
Had a heart attack.
Had a whack.
Got him a full stone.
Next time he's not coming home.
Hey, is this Elijah?
Let's do another one.
This time with the president's hand.
This knit with his name's Bush.
He's a hemorrhied in the Tush.
He picked a guy who would die.
So he'd be alone.
There's nothing in his empty tone.
Yes.
Almost to a 560 WQM.
436 votes on a pool.
Not to shabby, man.
We'll go from the bottom up.
Which other than 9-11, what news about it in the past 50 years has the most significance to you?
The Princess Die dies.
None.
You think that at the Buckingham Palace they were like saying a prayer hoping that she would die?
I'm not suggesting of course that it was a plot that if she was a assassin.
Who would say so?
I think it was like going die, die, no.
Do you want to hear that one?
No, those Jew prayers.
Princess die dies.
None.
Arnold Schwarzenegger becomes governor of California too.
RFK assassination 3.
Internet bubble bursts.
6.
Elvis croaks on the old crapper 9.
How much he ate some of the Macon's bars?
I don't know, he didn't even have them then.
But if he would have.
In fact, maybe if he would have eaten them, he wouldn't have a strain so much.
Have you ever looked up the definition of hemorrhoids in the dictionary?
No.
And one of the definitions I've read, which I always find most amusing is,
straining at stool.
Okay.
Straining at stool.
Okay?
Okay.
I want to get too graphic because then the FCC gets all upset about it.
I don't know what they're trying to say, but it's just straining at stool.
In other words, you're squeezing too hard, baby.
But you have a calendar.
You know one of those straining.
You're straining?
Right.
Well, he might as well get something to be worthwhile done if you're sitting on it a long time.
There might be pennies in there.
Elvis croaks on a crapper 9.
Martin Luther King assassination 9.
Watergate, Slashdix and Resignation 10.
The Maria Bolif is up to 10.
The reason it doesn't have a lot more votes, you know,
the people who have voted for you know where they are?
They move.
They left town.
They move, yeah.
That's 23 years ago, too.
Well, what about some of the other stuff?
How about these assassinations were like, I mean, wait a minute.
I think they're big national news.
Not a local...
Oh, give me a freaking break.
How about Elianito?
Huh?
Well, that was a big national news, too.
Never should have been.
And recent.
It was a kidnapping of a little kid by the Miami family.
Maria Bolif, 10, the calendar, explodes 12.
Well, then wall comes down 14.
I'm going to get murdered 14.
Uh, Clinton in Peachment 17,
Arian Sagas 17, collapsed at the Soviet Union in 20.
Weren't he at 9.39?
The JFK assassination 82.
And George W. Bush steals the election of 2000 and, uh, 2000.
Absolutely.
176.
In other words, he, you can't touch it.
It's in the league of its own, but Josh and I are correct.
If he were to put 9.11 on there, it would have been no contest.
There's only one way to know for sure.
In other words, you want to put that on there now?
Oh, whatever.
I really don't.
Okay.
It just makes more work for Eric, but if Eric don't mind,
all he's got to do is take a couple of words off and add that working on there.
Okay.
Take the four or three or whatever two words in a number and a comma.
Is he listening?
Call him up and tell him he'll be pissed off and he's got to put 9.11 on there.
That's all.
This 9.11.
Okay.
Right.
And we'll see.
I think they do well.
I think it'll come in second.
If I'll probably tell you about Swanna, your guru, Donner and Kendall, your butt-looking, your groupie, your sicker fan,
he'll probably vote 300 times Joe.
Okay.
He George was right.
Yeah.
George knows his crap, man.
That's it.
It must be that.
If I'm right, it's because of him.
See how we got an excuse.
I'm no fool.
Oh, I guess what?
People have the flu.
Oh.
That's another major, major story.
Is it a big story?
No.
No.
Of course, it's not a big story.
Every year at this time, people get the flu.
And there are people who die from the flu.
Every single year, are people swooning and falling on the ground from the flu everywhere?
No.
How many of them have a major massive epidemic this pandemic they've been warning us?
No.
But that's all they can talk about.
And of course, now, like I told you yesterday, the American, the CDC is running out of vaccine.
Because they got everybody whipped up to such a frenzy.
You go get their damn flu shots.
Now, it doesn't just make you feel confident.
Remember, they were talking right after 9 and left about a bacterial-logical attack.
Remember that?
Yeah.
And it was going to be smallpox.
It was going to be whatever.
Antrax.
And they made all those zillions of doses of smallpox vaccine.
Well, it really gives a lot of confidence to see how they're dealing with something as mundane as the flu, which isn't exactly like a, you know, a pandemic, like I said.
But they ran and they're running out of vaccine.
And so they're having to buy that very, very dangerous European vaccine.
Even though it's made by the same manufacturer, just like all the drugs are here in Canada.
If it's not made in the USA, it must be really dangerous, unless it's made in China, because there are those coming to serve with buddies.
And by the way, you assholes on Taiwan better shut up.
Or else.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
WQA, hello.
Hello.
QA, yes.
Hello.
Speak to me, yes.
Yeah. I'd like to talk about two domestic terrorism things.
One was the Alfred P. Neuro building.
That was a big story.
And the other one that I'd like to ask you about, whatever happened with the poisoning of the Taiwan all pills?
Didn't that get swept under the carpet pretty well?
No, they arrested some asshole for doing that.
56670560, did they sweep it under?
I think they swept the talent all right under the carpet.
I found a couple of the other days, matter of fact, extra strength. They were pretty good.
Yeah.
Coating.
So they were taking them, should have taken them before I ate them atkins bar.
Or it's still like found me up a little bit.
I think that's probably a pretty good piece of advice.
Eat like a whole bunch of Swiss cheese before you eat.
Because Swiss cheese don't have like any curbs.
Okay.
So eat like a whole bunch of Swiss cheese.
In fact, maybe some French onion soup would be good for us.
The only problem is that the onion soup is Hasidic.
It's very acidy.
Have you ever heard of you?
You like that, right?
Of course, lots of the thick layer of cheese.
That's one of my favorite rice.
So good.
But the only problem is that, see, that's like a primer.
And it gets your stomach gurgling already before you eat the atkins in Dolds bar.
I'm serious.
If you're one of the people who doesn't have any sensitivity to multitall,
or this is the greatest thing, if you're a fat piece of crap like me,
you'll love these.
Just manja manja.
But if you have any kind of sensitivity, when it doubts, watch out.
So I'm just don't tell anybody I didn't warn you.
Okay.
I'm warning you loud and queer right here.
WQAM, hello.
Die you faggot.
Okay.
Someday I will and you will too, probably first.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, new.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I heard you talking about a whole earlier today about Azog and Jim Rose.
Yeah.
No, Jim Rose was not on the Pulitzer.
Jim Rose was not on this radio station.
Thank God.
He's an overgrown five-year-old child.
No, but I think these poly-football fans, they really suck mad dogs that little too much.
Yeah.
Because he hardly knows anything about baseball or football.
Yeah, when you ask something, everybody loves the mad dog.
You're just a chronic asshole.
Your voice is just like, you know, when you hear somebody farting, no, that's that guy again.
Same old thing.
Same sound.
Just another Ojiyaan provocateur.
Everybody loves the mad dog.
All right.
Like no mistake about it.
If you don't like him, that says something about you, not about him.
There ain't nobody don't love the mad dog.
Am I right?
Yes.
Right, Mo?
You want to QAN more?
No, that is.
QAN.
Mark Morgan line.
No, if you're not quick, see you're going to have to retrain the audience now.
No, that was screenless.
If you're not quick, you lose.
I don't have time to dittle around.
I'll tell you the QAN in five years.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil, I'd like to add one to your poll, that day.
That's the great one, Reverend Jones came up.
Now he's talking through a tin can.
I love it.
Or through somebody's can.
Wreck them.
Probably his own.
See now you don't like him.
I find you very real hard-ass.
Yeah.
When I look at that, Eric, you're the best, Eric.
I keep faxing him an email.
I'm all these million, and I apologize for that, Eric.
Right?
It's just, I'm not doing it intentionally.
There's just a lot of important crap I'd like you to get out there to the 10 people
to read our website.
So I'm loading them up the last two days with a whole bunch of extra stories, more than usual.
But these handling it, it's probably handling it right now, the baloney.
What news event of the past 50 years has had the most significance to you?
Now let's see, we got the, is it on there?
9-11's already got three, see?
Yeah.
It's going to move up there, but it'll never be well.
No.
I mean, Bush will never, what?
It'll never catch Bush.
You're wrong.
Okay.
It's going to zoom on, but I like the Bush moisture is standing still like he's in the prone position.
And don't forget to check out the WMD countdown.
I should be promoting that a hell of a lot more.
I only discovered that by accident this morning, because I haven't looked at it for a long time, and that thing either.
And I clicked on it, wouldn't I see?
I keep my speakers turned off on my computer, because otherwise every time it reboots it, every hit's ready, every hit's ready.
Like makes a click.
You want to hear it?
I know what it sounds like.
I want everybody to hear it.
Maybe they don't know what I'm talking about.
Makes that clicking sound.
Come on, you can do it.
I guess if I click refresh instead of waiting around, there we go.
Hear it?
Nope.
How come I didn't do it?
How come I didn't make an old clicking sound?
Because I mean, my speaker died.
Oh no, I guess I just did it again.
I heard it.
How about if I click on the WMD countdown?
One moment please.
I just want just for amusement.
Okay?
I love that the Mad Magazine George Bush, G.I. Joke, are AWOL President of A.B.
And I love even more President Mo Bush and the Commander in Chimp.
But I want that WMD.
I'll make your pardon?
The Mo Bush that make an excellent T-shirt.
That would make good.
In fact, we ought to make those next year for our best up campaign.
Here comes the WMD countdown.
See, here you go.
Evil doers.
Evil doers.
Hands of evil doers.
The axis of evil.
Great evil is stirring in the world.
First struggle is against evil people.
We fight evil.
Evil weapons.
Evil doers.
Evil right when you ask those right.
That's a beautiful thing.
But, click it up a storm now.
Just for the hell of it.
Just to make up for that few moments when it didn't.
It's clicking like crazy.
So check out the WMD countdown by all means.
You'll see 9-11 is going to pass Bush like I said.
Like he ain't even on the railroad tracks yet.
12 minutes past noon.
At 5-60, speaking of the railroad tracks, how do you like the next time you hop on Amtrak?
See Todd Dreck's body line.
They're prone on the tracks.
Just as you went five.
Huh?
See the aftermath of that splatter on the track.
That'd be a beautiful thing.
And on your next mortgage, just imagine these things.
Imagine zero closing costs.
Zero application fees.
Zero credit bureau fees.
Zero discounted points.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
I guarantee you that the revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group.
Now, with an interest rate of just 1.95 percent.
Which translates to this.
If you have a $200,000 loan, for example, your payments are a mere $738 a month.
And once you be fined and get you that new home mortgage from financial group,
here's one of the best parts of the whole deal.
You'll never pay closing costs again.
Come on, more information.
Call them till free 1-800-940-Lend.
Grab yourself real financing.
Power with low rate mortgage.
You can move the next property without any further cost or expense.
The only one mortgage from financial group.
It's a whole new way to buy.
You pay zero underwriting fees.
Zero dock fees.
Zero prepayment penalty.
And zero closing costs.
Even when you move to another property.
So get yourself financing.
It's just 1.95 percent.
And never ever pay closing costs again.
Get all the info by making that tool free call.
You'll be glad you did.
Call financial group at 1-800-940-L-E-N-D.
There's an equal housing lender.
Restrictions do apply.
Rate Subttive Change Monthly.
5.19-APR.
4.20-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A-N-D-A
I'm out of TV, just don't stand in my way
Cause now I've got to go
Diary or memory, where do you come from?
Haven't eaten a thing for two whole days
I tried white rice and chicken broth, but nothing seems to work
My hammer-roys are swollen to feel like they're in flames
I think I've lost some of my colon and I'm ready to go by some depends
Cause I have tried emotive am
Still have Diary, oh Lord I've got the runs
Yes I tried for your pet taste, but it's too late
So I'm 17, I'm 60 WDQM, and in no laugh of matter I'll tell you that right now
And if there wasn't God I guarantee there'd be no such things as constipation or Diarya, believe you me
Okay, here's the deal, and so far you're very smug I'm sure
Because 9-11 is moving up very slowly, you do understand because nobody can change their vote
So that people were sitting at their PCs in the orificer at home or in their pub tent or in the car while they're supposed to be driving
Those people can't change their vote, or we could reset it
No, now help with that, I'll give you a handy crap
I got me left over
What news event of the past 50 years has had the most significance to you?
George W. Bush deals with 2,091
JFK assassination 85, Warren Vietnam 44, that should have more
Collective of the Soviet Union in 21, Clinton impeachment 17, the alien saga 17
John Lennon gets murdered 17
16, 4 are the challenger explodes, Berlin wall comes down 14, Martin Luther King assassination 11, Mary Al Bolivt 11
9-11's got 10, it's only been on there a few seconds
Got 30 men
Right, got 10 already, Watergate-Sly snakes in resignation 10, Elvis Croaks on the crap or 9
Internet bubble burst 7, Arnold Schwarzenegger becomes governor of California 3
RFK assassination 3, and Princess Dye dies to find out one vote
Final
Out of 460, someone has probably the alien who facts this thing
Here's a fact that says I won't say I dislike Mad Dog
This is so sad
I won't say I dislike Mad Dog, but his political views are just to the right of a till of the hunt
And you're right, he's a real right wing boy loves the Bush man
And of course, but that's not just him, 99% of the jocks, especially the white ones
Our good old Republican boys and a geo-jim bunny and all of those guys
Wizard white, all of these people who was the escharter from where the hell was he from?
That resigned from the Congress, what the hell was his name?
Well, what are all these ex-jogs men are all Republican and of course Jack Kemp
Well, he's a lot more moderate than most Steve Lager, there's a good example right wing fanatic
That's the echoes with the territory, their brain washed into that
And of course they have to take that political stance because what else do people are going to say?
About a bunch of guys that take showers together
Right? So it's a cover up
You're gay
Yeah, that's right, so it's a cover up, they have to be like a homophobic and macho and all
But I mean, she's, he doesn't do a political show, thank God
Can you imagine that?
No
The man dog on politics, I can't even begin to imagine that
Let me see, how's that 9-11 to it?
11?
You're getting up for 9-11
If you have to physically push it up there, you're getting it
No, I'm not, I'm not gonna touch it
I'm not gonna, you're touching it
No, I'm not, I am touching, as a matter of fact
Squirt, squirt
No, nothing's happening
Oh, it isn't, look at this, please excuse my ignorance as this facts
But who the hell is Reverend Jones beside an obsessed chronic and what's his ignorance in the program
It's signed obsessed chronic
And if you look at the printing out here, if you know, it's a, hey just another one of the crowd, paly
Just another one of our obsessed chronic, so which we have many
About 30,000
Right, oh brother
Oh guess what?
Rule out of controversial Iraq contracts delayed
After all the embarrassment, the Pentagon yesterday delayed the issue of 18.16 billion dollars in US tenders
To rebuild, I like them chicken tenders
I just thought it was going to be a rack of mid criticism over the exclusion from bidding in a firms like
From France, Germany, Russia, and other war opponents like Canada, A
And boy, they're pissed, they're foaming at the mouth here, I'll tell you right now they're pissed
I think Canada might invade Niagara Falls
They might hold back bacon
They might invade, they will start small like Dunkirk, New York
The prime contracts were set to be advertised last Friday but were delayed while high level policy decisions took place
A further delay was announced yesterday after earlier promises of release Monday and Tuesday
The Adrelie director of defense procurement at the Pentagon attributed to the delayed questions being addressed by procurement experts
Since you hope the contracts will be advertised within the next few days
The 26 contracts are funded by money appropriated from the US Congress and cover electricity, communications,
public buildings, transportation, public works, security and justice
And see another thing that they can accomplish by not letting Germany and France and Canada and some of the other countries that had some common sense
By not letting them up bid on these
Is that means more money for the American companies because they won't have no more competition
See?
Less competition for their good friends in high places would have big bucks, that's what it's all about
And then he's got the nerve to get on the phone
All the presidents working in the phones today with Germany, Italy and France trying to get some more cash out of these people
Telling the Iraq Reconstruction
Right
It's called pulling back with one hand and pushing with the other
It's like when mom says, oh my god, you're getting so fat and then she shoves all that food in front of your face at the dinner table
Can you let him say it? Like my mother, the same thing
Oh my gosh, why don't you try to lose him when she starts shoveling 16 different courses in front of your face
Same old crap pushing with one hand pulling back with the other kind of like Wally, Hennessy and the Stretched Pomp and O Park
How are we doing with that 9-11 thing?
Under 14, you'll see by the time I sit my ass down here 7-30 or 7-45 tomorrow morning and you and I start to iracculate
You'll see, all right, and you'll see 5-6-7-05-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
How Scott threw it out there at the QAM van and he reports yet?
No update yet
Well, he just got there, I don't even know when the hell he got there just kind of like an afterthought
Well, I guess he likes being out there and doing something
I just want to parade his ass around before he gets suspended
Well, he's got, look, everybody's got to get suspended at least once by Greg Reed so we can walk around flexing his muscle
I'm Greg Reed, I'm the general manager, nobody effs with me, well that's not what I heard
Scott will be till 2 p.m. at the QAM van, the shell of gas station on Sheridan Street just west of I-95
With our best meal merchandise, let's go, let's get with it, okay? Is it raining in a day again?
Not that I see
No, seeing that like yesterday was the end of the world and we still did almost 600 bucks yesterday, it wasn't too bad
Unbelievable, even though we almost got rained out, we didn't expect to get squat
And thanks in large parts to some very wise ladies who came by and wrote our $100 check, $140 bucks for Band and Pei Rescue
Thank you ladies, they cared not to send a very bad, yeah actually we did get 600 bucks this year
Did we? Well, how can we just tell me that now Josh?
Well, the show end, they make me look bad as I did
George probably told you to do that to make me look bad, that's right
45,000, why I just want to get the right total, those peaches total, 45,000, 6,40,000, let's bring back Halcyon
No, those are the days, from those great Halcyon days at WIOD, when we used to have like real fundraisers going on
We used to raise 150 grand, man, oh man, we heard the crap load of money in this town, I really don't know
The real estate department, the whole station was behind it, that's right, that's right, everybody was involved in it, the fill head is thing
Rick is sure, yeah he did, Rick and Sons had there a thing, the goddess had that bit, oh it's speaking of the goddess, you know I haven't played it all today yet
Wait till you're there, Brandy, what?
What?
Are you living to me? No
Don't you like that?
Where the hell that come from?
Brandy, what?
Are you living to me? No, what?
I can't tell you, it's a secret between me and Boca Brian
I see, 560, 560, 560 on EAT and T, and Verizon wireless line
Those are the days, you're right
I mean, now we're like treading water now, especially after Furellgouch mid-can, man
We were like, you know, the station was floundering, thanks mostly to Moe
Absolutely
And then they brought in Furell, and all of a sudden, how many times did I say it on the year?
About 3rd, man
And he brought us back, the great wide hope, all of a sudden he revitalized WDQA and we had some energy and excitement
The audience was foaming at the mouth, and we looked like that all the time, and then
Once he got Schmidt-can, which I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I say the better
Believe me, it wasn't the one-sided deal
I wish the model luck in the world, but he has this habit of getting his ass fired, you know what I mean?
He has this habit of getting it to do
But anyway, at that point we were really like on, you can see it in the numbers too
We're on the verge of going through the roof, and all of a sudden we're on the verge of like falling through the flow
You can feel it, you can smell it
It's either most bag or something, you can smell it
I can smell it all the way up here
By the way, it's snowed like crazy over the weekend, and the roof kept in, not what a bunch of,
I heard that, it just made me want to cry
The asshole is a channel four
All the snow on the roof of the building from the big storms over the weekend, cause the roof to collapse at the uptown theater in Toronto
We're getting one, there wasn't any snow here, you morons, you jackasses
And like I said before, this is what the media does
I don't see anybody corrected in the microtaxon this theory about that, about that memo
I don't see any corrections on some of the websites today so far
This show is the only place, and see an end of their credit, although they're not talking about it enough
Certainly not on balance with what they had yesterday, like oh this is the end of it, just throw it all out, forget about it
No way, no way he's gonna get off the hook this time
That woman who's getting the four years in jail with a 13 year old girl, believe me, that kid was at least four years to old for Michael
Yeah
Right, right
I mean he's in there with like nine and ten eleven year old kids in Vegas feeding them booze and cigarettes
And God ruin knows what else to do with them, although you have a pretty good imagination
And all these apologist and all this spin going on, see there is no news in America anymore, it's all spin
Right, it's not just on Fox, it's everywhere, it's all spin all day, it's like a goddamn dryer that just won't shut off
Or a washing machine that's stuck in a spin cycle, it's all spin all the time
Even the Jews with their dreadles this how Chinooka look what they're doing, they're spinning it
27 past eleven, past noon, I can't get the time right today, that's because everything like yesterday is going by so fast
Mm-hmm, you think it's the Atkins stuff?
That's it, maybe before the show yesterday, maybe my psychic powers, maybe I knew I was gonna get like all wound up
Like a dreidel
Hey if your hair can't be wound up because they're in enough of it to make like a bun
Isn't that what Mitch Lewis used to have, he had a ponytail, it kind of looked like a bun like my grandma
Anyway, here's the answer to get your hair back, chuck out the airy, forget about these other fakers that have come down to pike these Johnny come late
These Charlie's been around for over 25 years, the reason he's been in business so long is because the smart guys know that the best
Look in the system in the world is Charlie's natural hairline system, it looks like real honestly good is here growing out of your scalp as opposed to straw
And I'll give you some examples, man, Sam Donaldson looks like crap, that is considered good guy looks like crap
No bad guy, absolutely, and looks like crap, but that must-grat look, so if you want to look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again
Call Chuck Alphair, there's no obligation, he'll bring your ass in there, sit you down and he'll show you just how much better and younger you can look
And you got the 30 day guarantee after 30 days, if you don't look and feel a hell of a lot better, if you're not getting all kinds of action, you get your money back
You got nothing to lose but that shiny ugly bald spot that makes you look so old
And speaking of so old, be sure to mention my name, mention the arigers when you call, you get an extra 200 bucks off the already low price
Charles Alphair, a great place to get your hair back for the new year, give yourself a gift, 1-800-321-2413 is the toll free number to call
1-800-321-2413 or log on to Charlie's website at CharlesAphairE.com
Actually, Troy Stratford would say Charles Alpharari, but he ain't here today
I'm like a lost, this is for 20 bucks if you way up
yourself
I'm so much longer to play the race card, I'm burning up my wrist my finger lives so hard
Anything to keep me up over the prison yard, I'm beating
Even though I've been banned, I'm beating
I'm beating, I'm beating, I'm beating
Now you see how I'm beating
My beating, my money, the wheel and the keys
If you say, my name is no somebody, I'm beating
I'm beating, I'm beating, I'm beating
I'm beating, I'm beating, I'm beating
I'm beating, I'm beating, I'm beating
I'm turning on any channel, I see
My beating, my money, the wheel and the keys
Two journalists and two soldiers injured in Grenade attacking a bagged in
One of the journalists was Michael Weiskov of Time Magazine
He's in satisfactory condition, he's gonna be okay
You know Michael Weiskov from Time? No
You don't? No
Good writer, Time Magazine, injured
Grenade attacking bagged that
I'm glad that they found time in their busy day to have Wolf Blitzkrieg on here to pass along the news
Because generally speaking we have fluff and you know weddings from the Bachelor and the Bachelor
Right all of this, Kakarize they say in the U.S. Laugher
Have you mentioned how ugly she is yet?
How ugly, how about how ugly he is?
Oh I don't know what he looks like
Oh man, you know what he looks like?
What I dropped into Bull last night for hours
That's what he looks like
Crap
Europe's foreign affairs chief adding his voice today to criticism of Washington called U.S. decision to borrow opponents of the war in Iraq from reconstruction contracts
Gratuitous and unhelpful when unity is needed
U.N. Secretary General Kofi and an echoed that
Team telling reporters in Berlin the decision was unfortunate and not unifying at a time when diplomatists were seeking to rebuild international consensus on Iraq
President Bush responds that countries which sent troops to Iraq should be entitled to share in the 18 plus billion dollars in American finance reconstruction projects while other nations are shut out
But Bush's policy effectively excludes Russia, France, Germany and Canada as well as many others
But the president said he still hoped those countries would agree to forgive Iraq's crushing dead burden
Right, there you go
Please help us out, we're going to stick our foot up your ass but please help us out, will you?
Right
I'm speaking over, oh and look at this, you're right, David and Miami, how could I forget Hurricane Andrew?
Of course, probably most of those people have moved away too, but that needs to be on air
I'm out of touch, David, you're right
They moved to a big row, we had over the weekend because they moved to Cape and what?
They moved to Pagro Puts
Hurricane Andrew belongs and they're certainly on our poll today of the past 50 years, the most significant news event
Here's one not quite a significant but we talked about it before
A defensive attorney asked for a probation today for that preacher and his brother convicted a beating boy with a tree branch
For goofing off at a summer program, remember that story from the other day?
Yes, I did
Seeking the lightest sentence possible from the jury, attorney Carlos Garcia argued that 23-year-old twins Joshua and Caleb Thompson deserve a second chance
Prosecutors haven't said what sentence they'll seek, possible punishments range up to life in prison, a little bit over the top
The Thompson's were found guilty Wednesday of felony injury and aggravated assault in the beating of 11-year-old Bible student Louis Guerrero last summer
Prosecutors said Guerrero was so badly injured that he spent a weekend intensive care and needed a blood transfusion
Guerrero now 12 flashed a big smile when he walked out of court with his family Wednesday, several church members left in tears
The boy's mother, Norma Aureano, said she knew brothers have been found guilty, it hurts me very much with the name of my son
She said the brother's father Hank Thompson who used to play for the Giants third-base leads the fundamentalist capital city Baptist church where Joshua Thompson ministered to Spanish-speaking members
Incidentally, you blitz
During closing arguments Wednesday the Thompson attorneys described them as cookie cutter, all American men who didn't intend to inflict serious injuries
Prosecutor Beth Payne called the Thompson brothers cowards and bullies and said the beating was a cool calculated violonite against a defenseless little boy
Nice go on, now Beth, you go Beth
And Beth still got a hold of a Sheridan's baby brother when Sheridan's about ready to go off the edge of the cliff don't do it Sheridan, please
Now how's that the 9-11 doing on the pool just out of spite for you?
Look at that it's already in fourth place for 32, got a long way to go you might be right
It'll come in second
No, I will give you my reasons
What news event of the past 50 years had the most significance to you? I'll just read the top five
George W. Bush deals with 2000 election 198 JFK assassination 87
Vietnam War 46 9-11 32 Collapsed of the Soviet Union 26 those are the top five
And 9-11 has come out of nowhere. I mean just it's a no-brainer
If it doesn't come out on top there's something desperately wrong no this crowd
You've already probably already talked to Aaron put the fix in that's right WQ I am hello
Money calling WQM hello for you. Yeah, it was for me 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line
No, this one's for me. This is my favorite line. Slime nine QAM. Hello. I hate niggers. Oh great. Dump it.
Brilliant. Isn't that good?
Hey listen, what kind of 10 that was him again. That was the breather. That was very Eddie. I'm telling you right now that's Eddie.
No doubt this is this new deal. Okay, because there's nobody anywhere crazy enough as Eddie Eddie. That's him.
You're in to you WQM hello. Yes. The way it's got the. Yeah, we know what she's got.
In fact, she's probably got some diseases they haven't discovered yet. I think that was Eddie.
Was that Eddie? No, I think that was Troy doing a voice.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T or maybe it was real real phony voice Roy Foster.
No relation to Bud Foster by the way. Sorry, Bud. WQ I am hello. Yeah, how you doing today? Pretty good, sir.
All right. Yeah, I'm just calling. I moved up here to see bring Florida, which was really a bad mistake in itself.
Terrible mistake. I know, but hey, land land and poppious cheap appears. So I do.
I can't catch you show. This is going up here. And that's about it. And just to say, hey, your breath of fresh air compared to what's up here. Amen.
Well, listen, we're we're big in seabring, man. Have a great day. Probably good luck. Don't don't unpack. That's my best advice. Don't unpack. I'm not. Bye. Bye.
Good luck. He moved to seabring Florida. Boy, it's one of the few places you can move through from South for and actually be like.
Wish you would never left home, right? Seabring. Ever been there? Oh, sure. I've been through there real fast. Right.
Exactly. You got to take it because it's not like I'm 27. Yes. Is that one of the places you go through? If you go like to Tampa on 27, Jeff, like what are some of the other little towns you go through?
A lot. No, no, no. My last one. You go West alligator alley. Okay. You're confused, man.
Luckily, he's not on 27. A mockery is down here on the out of here about what else is up there? Dun Eden? No, Dun Eden. Dun Eden is over on a West coast. It's by sorry soda, man. And Brayden to that. That's Dun Eden.
I'll name all these places. I'll tell you one thing, man. It's a good thing that you spend most of your time in North Carolina and Montana because you sure don't know your Florida geography, man. No, I stay out of it. You probably don't even spend no time in two egg. No.
You ever been to there? No. Stoplight. No, no. Seriously, there's a stoplight. It's even smaller than Pawoki. Two egg. Yeah. Panama City intersection. Anyway, you're seeing your throw me off because you don't know the answer to the question. All a great little towns where the hell's a map? You got a map somewhere? Yeah, on the internet.
Now, Florida, you get a Florida map. And then when we come back, I want to check out some of them a little town because you go through. You have to slow down through some of them towns. They got like a Wendy's in the McDonald's and they'll have like a very queen. Right.
It's clear. When you go on the alley to go west, like if you're going over to Fort Myers, or Naples, God forbid, then you got them mockery and what's the other one or some other where you get on the West 2062 and take that strawberry shortcut. You better get around, man.
How about that SUV this weekend is you're going to George is going to be off next week. I know that great city, but it's one is hard. A lot, but I'm going to be out of the swamp. Are you going to be gone? No, no, I won't be going into the swamp, which is where those places are.
Why see like see, but actually, George is going to be touring the state of Florida and his SUV without the rest of the families just taking off. He's been like, you know, evaluate life, think about things.
You just don't all the great places you've missed all the little times. In fact, Oh, Ava, Ava calling one of the places Ava and they got a restaurant. They were a German restaurant in Ava. I bet you said it. I saw it. It's those what I'm talking about.
Maybe it's still out there, but it was in a hit like a buffet. They had like a German buffet once upon a time and was pretty good. Are you sure? And Ava right up there, body, old lake, 1242 at 560, we have an EQM. Have you ever tasted one of those meal replacements? Oh, man.
Check out how much sugar they have and how much still make you like sit on it. Now there's a great product that tastes great and sugar free. I sure wish I had some here. They sent a whole bunch of it for me, but unfortunately the wrong place. They sent it right there to you.
Interest diabetic is truly the best tasting meal replacement drink ever formulated for people with diabetes and for people who are looking for a reduced sugar intake. Fat slabs like me. It's sweetened with splinter brand sucralose. So there's no nasty aftertaste like a year with the drinks that you saccharine or asperate. And an index diabetic is complete a balanced nutritional supplement that provides fiber and the oxen sliders low and saturated fat and cholesterol. And it's also gluten free lactose free and it won't make you spend one extra minute on the old pot.
And eight ounce can provides 237 calories of deliciously healthy nutrition that's internationally recommended by doctors and dietitians. So don't sacrifice proper nutrition when you're short on time. Try Interest diabetic once you'll never go back to whatever you used before.
The makers of Interest diabetic are so sure you're going to love it. They're giving away free samples just for the asking. Go to their website at www.interestdivetic.com. That's ENTER.
Inter diabetic. What I say interrex ENTER ex diabetic.com all in word or column 1 866 36 837 39 1 866 36 837 39 and tell them that old diabetic Niel sent you for the delicious one.
ENTREX.
RIDE AND LOCAL. We're sports video five cities you and you AM.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
The Niel Rogers.
Abraham.
Vow r.
Eva.
Abraham eilipp.
Jared Burlt.
Genesis.
The MVP.
Henry Mueller.
Abraham e.
The Numbers.
President Refheha.
The Rob.
I love the internet. Don't give me wrong. One of the things I hate about it is when you do a search and you want to find
Immunformation and instead of getting information
Where to buy maps of Florida? Where to buy this? Where to buy that? I don't want to buy a map
I just want to see one right like if you want to print out a calendar for the next year
You know it's like only really in the fall
But you want to see a calendar for the next year where to buy next year's calendar and eventually you can find one
Well, I don't have time to dick around you got one Yahoo maps, which is where you should always go. Oh
Yeah, I got a Avon Park Lake Wales more Haven Lake Placid Bell Glade, which is not actually on 27th, but it's right there
Cluiston
Cluiston there you go
Bean City. I'm on I'm 27. Ok, Lanter. I'm going up 27 with my dog who been bean City. I'm following the road bean City
I'm looking at it right now South of the lake
Bean City Ok, Lanter
Get out of here. I'm sure these are just like gas stations with post offices in it lake harbor
See these are the places I
Place to go like even a stop sign or a gas station or a stoplight once and it's just like you know like a little
Hard real live a little blip on a map. We're like four or five miles
Avon Park man, that's where it said there's a I'm telling you there's a place called German restaurant
Now why would you think it'd be a German restaurant in Avon Park? Still not questions
There's a place called Hooker Point. Oh, that's for you. It's not like no not my bag. I don't buy it
And there's a place they named after scurran. What's the point sugarton?
Shoney never heard of it
Okay, that's enough
Here's the fact that I had to vote for the JFK assassination is the most significant
I wonder how many other listed events would have ever occurred had the assassination not happened or the culprits caught and fried
Seems like half of those listed qualified good point
Excellent point
Speaking of ineptitude
Trying to cut down on clutter clerks at a federal courthouse accidentally destroyed search warrants and encased that university
Asaut to professor charge with 18 terrorists
The mistake was discovered last week when attorneys for Sammy L. Arian, Arian requested copies the documents contained
Affidates from federal agents that supported
1995 searches of arian's home and offices and were on thousands of documents shredded sometime between
1998 and 2002
US district judge Thomas Mccoon told offensive attorneys Linda Moreno and William Moffat
He had asked federal prosecutors and FBI to search file for their copies
Moffat said Tuesday he's researching how the absence of original documents could affect the case
US attorney Paul Perez said the document destruction should not affect the office ability to prosecute
Ready for that. Oh, well, we don't have that document. So we can find a copy somewhere
Most disgusting story one of many way
And then I saw their pictures on TV this morning, but I'm not gonna say anything about it of course because that would be bad
But it sure brings back memories of that scumbag bitch Susan Smith in South Carolina
Clinton Illinois
A woman and her boyfriend were charged with first-of-be murder yesterday in the deaths of her three children
Who drowned when their car plunged into a Lincoln September and what initially looked like a tragic accident
The Whit County Sheriff Roger Massey said authorities know what the motive was but wouldn't provide details
Do we know what the details are?
No, I saw a report on the news. Now what are they saying?
That these assholes stood around and jumping up and down like like they couldn't get to their kids even though they were only in four feet of water
And just lunged around but that doesn't say what the motive is. You don't know that no
The sheriff would also not say what the two did to make the car slide off a boat rampant
Like killing the six-year-old, the three-year-old on top of her inside other than to say the car went in head first
Which is like they should both be forced to go head first like in the lake Michigan to be good
Maurice Legron, Jr. and Amanda ham were each charged with nine counts of first-of-be murder
Massey said Legron was arrested Tuesday in a motel near the sandalwoods airport
Ham was arrested in Bloomington
The two suspects were on the lake sure September 2 when rescuers arrived at the scene
Ham cried hysterically as rescuers tried to free the children
Massey at first said that that's were being investigated as an accident with the two weeks he's there calling them the incident
Legron initially was charged with DUI the charge was dropped last month and Massey said Wednesday
Investigators don't believe drugs or booze were a factor
Clintons atown of 7500 about 140 miles southwest of Chicago
Susan Smith part two only in this case two scumbags involved them
I mean, do we have to have a debate about them? This reminds me of Lee Boyd Malvo all over again
Oh, he was insane. He didn't know the right or the difference between right and wrong. Bullcrab
Fry his ass right now
Let's see here's one that says are you thinking of Shelley Suzanne?
It's just north of A1 Park and Lake Wales first time I asked directions while traveling up highway 27
I was told by the owner of the citrus candy store to go slap you dundee
Passed the blanket light and look for the sign that turned off by way right past slat you dundee
I always slap through dundee though. I try to slap it
So there you go. I don't think that's the name of the Shelley Suzanne that don't sound like two German to me
But I mean, I mean, this is a long time ago a coons age ago. So probably it's been a hundred different things since then
Kerry asked the FEC to block the NRA channel
Always like that John Kerry a little bit not too much a little bit
Democratic presidential hopeful John Kerry doesn't want to tune in a national rifle association channel anytime soon
The Massachusetts Senator sent FEC chairwoman 11 Ellen Wyme travel letter Tuesday asking the commission to block any attempt by the NRA to get a media exemption
to campaign finance rules
The gun rights lobby is considering acquiring a TV or radio outlet and seeking the same exemption from campaign finance rules that news organizations have
If the group on a media exemption will be free to say whatever to help wander about candidates at any time and spend unlimited amounts doing so
We urge you to prevent the NRA from hijacking America's airwaves with the gun lobbies money carries letter said if the NRA has something to say
It can play by the rules just like the millions of people in America who do every day
The NRA financed in part with corporate money is banned by the campaign finance law for money ads
Identifying federal candidates close to election in states where they're on a ballot. It contends the rules
Filate free speech rights and as long several groups asking the Supreme Court to strike them down. God forbid. That's all we need man
Jesus
Christ 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 only AT&T Verizon wireless not without even looking I've actually 9 11 and third place already
It is
News of end of the past 50 years that had the most significance to you George W. Bush deals with 2000 election 2012
JFK assassination 93 9 11 52. It's got a long way to go. It'll get there
Warren Vietnam 49 collapse of the Soviet Union 29 and look what's right after that? Let John Lennon murder
Yes
19 for the murder John Lennon and 19 for the a challenger explode
I mean John Lennon's murder was that that significant to us
To me. Oh, I mean it wasn't a happy day
No
But just imagine
Todd Dreck being in that spot
1256 at 560 WDQ. I met that most wonderful time of the year. That's what the Jimmy Stewart always said. Are they shown that yet?
They will I don't know probably
At any rate. It's wonderful for a lot of people all in gifts and everything all the parties and getting together with the family
But a lot of people I hate the crowded malls. They hate the long-wedges relines the crazy parking
Hattles and of course all the traffic too
So make your gift giving a little bit easier this year for you and your loved ones a gift certificate from Dalmatris
Call them now to a free at 1 800 mattress and give the gift of a thank you for year in and year out at night in and night out too
Dalmatris has got gift certificates in any denomination of brand new bed for the master bedroom
Makes a perfect gift bill both in joy for years a Dalmatris no-fony promises
No-bate and swish just great unbeatable discount presses every day on the brand names
You know trust and love now including stirons and foster
Dalmatris has got the guarantee low as prices on stirons and foster huit when you call Dalmatris
Had one 800 mattress you picked the day in time for delivery any two our windows seven days a week from eight in the morning till
10 night ones convenient for you when they show up even a beast is on a bad wagon now
He recently got a great mattress king core
I think it was from Dalmatris and he's a happy camper still fat as a pig
Honest sales practices fantastic service every day low prices same day delivery and free setup removal all make it so simple to see
Why Dalmatris is ranked numeral unknown customer satisfaction
So do the smart thing right now called Dalmatris you'll be sleeping like a baby in no time at all call 1 800 mattress
1 800 MATTRES where you'll find them online at macriss.com
Happy holidays from all your friends and Dalmatris
You'll find you will
Not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon
After years of failed attempted mergers with cable news channels
His new owned ABC has decided to launch their own 24 hour news channel here's what it may sound like
Good evening. This is Emma's reporting from Orlando our top story this evening
Nine people were injured when they fell off the
boop and are gonna be something else
In other news four thousand people experienced explosive dying rian vomiting while disembarking the
Better go over to sports here's goofy
Gorge week I've got moping my two you okay then good job there, Rayman
What's the national weather picture standing by in the ABC weather center
Here is Uncle Riness
Back together boss
What are you doing?
How is your vacation boss? I don't want to do any weather
Don't answer
Sorry, I'm sorry. We don't have time we interrupt this weather report to take you live to Iraq and special correspondent
Donald Duck Donalds can you hear me
All right, I can't understand you Donald. I think we're having some problems with the satellite. Can you be more clear?
I'm not getting it Donald
No, no, I'm still on have you
Oh
Duck is going on, Rayman. I can't understand a word. He said anyway. You are more weather balls go ahead hurry up
There's a storm coming in Orlando. It looks like the weekend and shot the weekend and shot
That's what
I'm gonna lose after this
Oh, thank the Lord man. It's there got some good news. I told us gonna be a good day
What what and if you wouldn't have said what all was that I never would have realized it
Okay, all low, huh? What you talking about? I'm talking about something I'm gonna play in just one second as soon as it
Accused up that I thought I'd lost forever and I was really pissed off. I you don't know what it is all right
It's a good day. All right. Thank the Lord. Thank you. Good
You father lost this I had a retire
But I found
Every home the word is a
The
cable was a horn on
But now the net works like they're at this
There's no wedding sites that this have said the T all the dialogue and takes for fair to T
swearing like a sailor on a pre-day pass
Words a whole lot worse than ass
Welcome
All right, thank the Lord I follow that and I guess they didn't have an F bomb on an SH bomb on at the billboard music show last night
We didn't see it neither you see it Josh. No, I didn't get the chance. Not of us all. We were what me didn't get the chance
You don't want to see that crap. Why don't you just say a time like it is other than get the chance
Go pander these clowns out there these lifeless idiots who watch some crap like that just because it's on
TV right that's right on TV. So you've got to watch it who wants to see a bunch of garbage like that with our Kelly and all the
Mother Peter files get all of them awards screw him screw him into goddamn my motorcycle he wrote it on
Jackass
So anyway, there was evidently a big concertum center. We had a spy report on that and we didn't see it
Now how come the same people that were so pissed off had bono
What what network was that on last night? Where was it on do we know?
Hey, they didn't know idea Fox I thought oh
I'd say that. Oh, that's right. It was on channel seven. It was on Fox
Now we know why the same people are after bono for doing the F bomb now
We know why they're not gonna go after cuz it was on Fox and Fox sounds like
Shlux yeah
Rocks socks bagels and locks
Nox
School of hard knocks your mother socks walley cocks
56705 60 pound 560 chicken pots
567 on what is it?
O560 pound 560 on the 18 team for us one less line. I don't think we got any more choices for this pool here
But that's okay now are we out of any of colors should that would be bad. Oh come on
WQ I am hello
We did it we just on the world theory
Excellent David Samson call it a nice go on David maybe even best we're off to a good hour
That was beautiful. Okay. If you case you couldn't hear me said we did it
Said again we did it out of boy Dave we did it that was him
I know it was him by the way here were those Dave and boring things on your spots
Where did please you're never gonna put anybody in the seats with that and speaking of anybody in the seats
We still it's 104 and we had one person called in who was at the ruins panther game last day with an honest
Adilization of how many asses were in the seats even one dose for free tickets per person crap
To try to impress Gary Batman you think he was impressed no no
And like I said before it was a sarcastic piece about that in the Toronto Sun yesterday as in who the hell are you people kidding?
Huh?
I think they're like 24th or 25th in attendance in the entire league and I don't play anybody for not going
I mean they got a tie but in their last six games they're all three and three and the reason that rick doubly is still the coach in fact two days ago
Oh rick doubly says he might stay on his coach
And you want to know why because they don't want to spend money to bring in Larry Robinson or like a real coach
So it's strictly low ball. That's what you're gonna get you're gonna get the low ranked the strict because they're crying
Poor mouth man and even out that they were the brown County Commission approved the refinancing of the macarena
They're still gonna try to like you know cook here cut there
And
And then the hope for the best hope for a salary get there all printing water now until the lockout next season and hope that they can still survive
Hey, by the way the beast just called he was at the game and said there's no more than about 12,000
Okay, well, that's exactly what I said before because I saw some of it on TV. I got a pretty good idea because I've been in an arena since day one
Thank you beast by the way, you're still
Thanks love
But I'm sure he's enjoying his great new bed. He said he'd like to do a scruana and that great new king coil
True
Be got a long line of funny a beast
Cracker line up at the door every day in general. I think all those homeless voice people are out there waiting and she take them all on
Whenever he's something if she could take on the entire dolphin team after they lose to the Eagles one tonight then trying like who's their spirits up a little bit
So maybe 12,000 people there where where's the paper?
I got it
What does it say said 17 something okay, and I know we we knew it was gonna be a bogus number
Because they were goose in a 17,000 465
If there were 17,000 465 people in there then Bernie Couser's a rocket scientist, okay
Now we bought the Panthers. I'll never forget that you were there that day, right? Oh, yeah sure
When he opened the door went tee he like a little girl tee we bought the Panthers tee
Oh, Neil we bought the Panthers and he's he's greeting me in a hallway there like my long lost best friend
I never bet I mean
I know what he looks like because God who can miss a face like that
But I never saw the guy before my life in person and he's shaking my hand and squeezing it out in the hallway like I'm his long
Was best buddy because him and Alan Cohn just bought the Panthers. He's the face man
Well, I got news for it now. He's the space man not the face man because they shot his ass right in outer space right to your reiners
He's long gone and he's probably a happy about it
Who now wants to be the face man for an organization like that that's trying to like pull a fast one in their last night with about 10 or 12,000 people in there
Oh, we got 17,000 465. Hey, mr. Commissioner you impressed no
Anybody buying it? No
Does anybody we to care? No
WQM lot of ones working. Hello
Q-A-N
Go ahead once yes sir
Uh woman in the witches outfit on your website
That's your man man
Hi door
Oh
I'm glad he mentioned that though because if anybody wants to see who we're talking about there's another reason to go to our website
This is a little Halloweeny though in fact. She prefers a Halloweeny
To a whole picture of her right under that in fact when you finish with a weapons of mass destruction countdown
And I think it's kind of appropriate to there. She is with a big pointy hat the wicked witch of the south
Would that pick crucifix around her nectar to try to keep away the vampires from bite nir
It says it may be Halloween, but this is not a costume. That's for damn sure which rhymes with bitch
In fact, if you look behind her on a picture on the wall
That's our studio on the wall. You see the picture of the QM sales department. What's left of it?
And you just barely see Adam who's a really good guy. He's one of the few good people we ever had in sales good guy
Can't sell with the crap. He's a good guy. And then you see Frank the dearly departed. Is that Frank in the middle there?
Frank's in the middle. How come he's not next out?
Old picture and Frank's next out on our uh wall map here so I'm looking at your wall map scrunch scrunch rise squint
What are you talking about? I'm looking at the wall map. He's not next out then fat boy
Jeff high aka fat boys neighbor keeps calling us every day Dave. We're gonna get you Dave you asshole Dave Friedman
And then her scoo-wae and stand up with her striped shirt
It's kind of the same structure you're in prison and believe me she belongs there
She probably have a good time in there. She wants to go to the men's prison
Troy
By the way if anybody wants to get a hold of Troy Stratford today, he will not be in today QAM
Now we didn't get a memo that said don't talk about it
Unlike the previous suspension a week or two ago, right correct. We're not talking about it
Okay like Troy Stratford a lot. Troy's a good guy. He is a good guy. Well
What?
So maybe he had a few too many okay? I don't know what the deal is. We're not gonna discuss it on here
Well until we get a memo to says go ahead
Troy
Because I don't want to get suspended right before my vacation. All of quite frankly it would be a good idea to cut like kind of extend my vacation a little bit
Bill and for a lot of the other one who doesn't hate George says there's no way you're thinking about shallace who's in
Although it does have a bit of a bavarian appearance. It's very upscale restaurant
Golden Spoon
Mobile Award winner best restaurants in America list with incredible cuisine and very attentive service. Maybe that is the place
Then located in Lake Wales. No, this was not in Lake Wales suffice it to say they're ain't no buffet. Now this was in Avon Park
Bill
Avon Park somebody must know
So thanks to the beast who gives us the real story there the amuses opposed to all the lies the bull crap all these phony attendance numbers
Not just from the panthers, but the entire league every organization
Phoning up the numbers as if it's gonna make a difference. It doesn't bring in a dime
You could say it was 80,000 people there does it bring in a dime a penny nothing a check on nothing
So quote a bull crap, okay, and by the way
Nothing on added. What the hell's all the obsession with hockey anyway, you know what
Okay, calm down
Least it Minnesota night any interest? No, okay. Here's the deal till two o'clock this hour. Scott is in the yuck
I wasn't asking you you're such a sour puss anyway
I'm just talking in general among the hockey fans out there
At least it Minnesota is they try to start another winning streak. No interest
Panthers host Montreal when that game was it on a tomorrow
Saturday it couldn't be tomorrow. They don't play on Friday ever. It's got to be on Saturday ain't it
Let me take a peek. It's like I said
Farley they always play on Friday December 12th Canadians have to panthers tomorrow night
There'll be about 10,000 for that to be a few frogs
Why sure notice when the Bruins tied the game there on a true handed goal
It sounded like 80% of those 12,000 people were Bruins fans. Oh no one of the beast was there last night. Why my slower what my slow?
Yes, I am. That's because you're fat. I'm slow and fat like the beast speaking of
Q back and uh frogs and whatnot Tony Kubak finally saw a frog tag yesterday
Yeah, one boy. That's one too many and I guarantee one thing if they're from Quebec they're ugly
Okay, we got to report from Scott who's out there in a Q amp head. I'm sure we do Josh. Don't we?
Yeah, but only 20 bucks for oh
20 bucks. Maybe if it started raining
Yeah, maybe if it starts raining to get him out of the shopping malls 45,0665
It's not even worth the gas money for the 20 bucks for the van out there
Yeah, the worst part is is they gave him 17 and he threw in three
Oh a schlepper like him out of throwing three bucks reimburse him George you can bet. Yeah, I will
Scott will be there. It'll two o'clock in the Q amp man
Another hour to go and 20 bucks is not what and that's not gonna get the job done folks
He's at the Shell gas station on Sheridan street just west of 95
Just keep in mind passions and Sheridan the lovely Sheridan that'll let you know where it is
And then the Q amp and later today four to six will be at the 7 11 at 45 51 db bull bar just north of Gryffin Road
spend the deal for prizes
The girl is sloppy in the face if he's there wisin off about that stupid deal and those crappy prizes and then
7 and I tonight Josh Cortes will be at Tony Romans for hurricane hotline
Ludlem Road and US one of Carl Gables that is not
Carl Gables who wrote this
Mm-hmm. It's not Carl Gables. It's South Miami
I should know because guess who used to work at Ludlem Road in US one
Which is the Dixie highway by the way you it's in South Miami. I bet it's where you went WS used to be
I went to school at South Miami. Hi, and that's South Miami South Miami. You write off the road from what's the rib place?
Shorties shorties right up from shorties and that's the reason they built the metro rail server but it needed shorties all the politicians
So anyway, Josh will be there tonight 7 and 9 and of course we'll have all of our best in the emergency as you can bring your toys for Joe
Mars toy drive and we got to get some action going on this hour at that QA and van with scotter
I'm gonna be really pissed off that's 20 bucks again. That's a really spiffy shell station by the way
Right, that's a good location. It's right by the interstate. There's about 10 people at speed English and Hollywood that are left
You can hop off and right back on the highway there. You can stop by and see our old friends at the Cox Broadcasting
They're building his right down Hershey highway there down the street on that side road
But at that that's where that doctor sent me that time down the end of the road 29th at
So that low rent district the indigent clinic to get my blood test remember?
Yeah
That was my mother's doctor or his assistant doctor who just came in off the banana boat
No speak of the English. Yeah, he thought I was a deadbeat the freak clinic
So he sent me down to the freak deadbeat clinic there and I said I don't think so. I think I'm leaving here now
114 at 560 WQ I am
Well, I'd be good thinking about you the right spot. Why? What the problem is I'm not trying to get ahead of myself
We'll start no I can't
I can't because I don't have the right copy out here
I've got I've no what I got is I got spots piled up in front of me
What I usually do when it comes time for the break I'll take the spot and I'll put in front of me
Yeah spots before your eyes, but I have the whole hour spots
Not that I'm in hurry to get this over you do understand folks
That's that we want to get there out of here and just go home. Oh, I am home right
115 already at 560 QM here's some big news for you
Howlet Potty Act GMC is now auto city potty act GMC of Pinecrest
Expect the same great Neal deals and customer satisfaction recrust him too when he used to be
Howlet of course for a hundred years right now at auto city of Pinecrest
It's the end of the year clearance sale all remaining
2000 three's in stock take advantage of 0% financing from the 72 months or save up to nine grand with rebates and incentives
Attention all you least customers ask auto city of Pinecrest about their least pull ahead early termination program
When in doubt pull it out there's even more great Neal deals at the new auto city potty act GMC of Pinecrest
For a limited time just sign and drive home your brand new GMC
Error with absolutely
Positively absolutely no money down
It's the brand new auto city potty act GMC of Pinecrest and you'll fight it
13401 South Fixie Highway that you us went across from the falls open every day
Seven days a week if you want more info on the special deals call that Neal Rogers Neal deal hotline tool free
At 1.88534-4211 that's 1.885-344-4211 keep in mind all offers
Subdict credit approval see the folks at auto city potty effort details the brand new and exciting and thrilling auto city potty
At GMC of Pinecrest who give you low prices without any high pressures
And look all this is for 305 city
It's the wonderful world of science with professor mo
Hello there boys and girls today we're going to learn about their invisible substance incident
And it ain't got nothing to do with fluids and juices say no not to worry about it
As a matter of fact it's a night that's right boys and girls it's a noble gas named for a
Ray Noble in his orchestra now to demonstrate
Why guilty what a surprise
Pray tell what brings you here
It's a noble gas you're more on now here hold this tool
That's the one in my pants
You're going to my whole day
I can out of here you little patient before
What do you got? A big potatoes potatoes for what you can make a battery out of a potato a battery out of a potato
Yeah
Madmo you need a conductor
Now what are you
I'll make a white I put it up my ass
20 past one at five sixty WMQM here now we're really got these people all whipped up about chalee Suzanne
Apparently because it says here's the site they got their own website chalee Suzanne.com has to be the restaurant
Neal's talking about says the factory nothing else up there slapped you done D
Oh, that's not slap it out slap some out I don't think so I think this was in well so long time ago
I mean the odds of anything still being there are unlike think-looting people it was not in lake whales
It was in Avon Park. I'll bet your life on it
Okay, and it was kind of like a bavarian village one of those kind of places like
But not that but similar. I'm telling you right now. Okay. I believe you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 team for rise and wireless line
I got a great article. I'm gonna read very short and then by Angie Hougas who
She's the state coordinator for Wisconsin and the international
Protective human rights should be high spirty. It's a good article, but I want to take a lot of good calls first
You'll see I like the new format a lot and of course we're refining it
But I like the fact that of course Josh likes it because you don't have to answer the phones and talk to assholes
What he looked out well no it's good because I mean you gotta be paid you got to be paid a lot of money to talk to assholes every day
And I'm paid a lot of money. So what am I talking to assholes for in fact when people ask me what I do for living
I say I talk to assholes for four hours every day and I say oh that sounds interesting
And I said no, but the money's good. Well look at that tuna concerns and I got that right on here in my pile
I got piles of tuna man. Don't eat it
Federal warning on tuna plan. I just mentioned that
You make me sorry having a chicken at tuna salad. What's this thing?
And spitting it right out
Now nothing safety then especially I just threw out those Actions bars three blocks good. Yeah, I just did
I could do a lot of the garbage bag, but I won't I just I
Have no matter how good they were I don't I rather go get a Snickers bar
Okay, so it's got some calories and carbs in it, but they're not gonna kill me at least it's not gonna make me crap my brains out for hours
Dr. Actions. I hope you're spinning your grave like a drabola of Hanukkah time. Okay shame on your people
WQA and hello
That tell nil is the buck tower and it's in Lake Wells
What is it called? It's called the buck tower be a buck tower
And could you earn a restaurant right? Yeah, it's a village like thing with the big towers called buck
Okay, thanks a lot paly
Buck tower. It's in Lake was well, maybe it is. I don't know like I said it's a long time ago, but I don't think so
Well, Lake Wells is one of them little towns like probably right side by each by Avon park, right? I guess I get that netback out
Who now wants to drive on you west 27 anyway? You've got to be crazy to drive on that thing you got to be nuts
I wouldn't have gone. We were going to a funeral. Oh
That got me out of a ticket though that more of the fact you were going to a funeral. Yeah, because we're speeding through more haven
Cracker cops that are ball you on your way to
In fact, we would have told him it was more Howard David's funeral. They're probably giving you a few bucks
WQM the famous line nine hello
Yeah, the three biggest lies the checks in the mail block is beautiful and I'll put the hand
Okay, great WQA and hello
QAM
once
Ah, Dave bird Dave. What's his name again? Friedman
WQA and hello. Yeah, Tony oldest shella is in Lake Wales not Avon park
Honestly, God. Yeah, believe you on that, but I don't think that was the restaurant
Yes, of course. That is the one. Yes. I told you it was in Lake Wales. It is Lake Wales
That's what I said. Thanks a lot. Okay. Bye bye
Bye bye. Yeah, we like Tony Lake Wales and you're saying now if I've heard
Lake Wales baby who cares about them horse and buggy flunky places man
Lake Wales what what kind of a person lives in Lake Wales, huh? Oh
You know the other that way. No, it's serious like what kind of a person lives in candidate when you're
You know, not candidate. Well, baby. It's a okay
By the way, I'm getting some bad reports about Rochester. I don't think I'm going back
That you believe that like what?
Like it's getting a lot like Detroit, you know what I mean? No, yeah, I know like even at noon. It's dark outside
You know, it's 0560 pound five. Don't say that or then a kind of line line. I will call back again
WQ WQAM right there QAM hello
Hey, where you going? Yes, sir
I think you're all prejudice too. You know why our Kelly is the best
What are you saying? What is the best? Our Kelly is the best you put down our Kelly is better than you
What the hell are you talking about you jackass our Kelly's the best and by the way quit talking about your mouthful
Okay, he's probably got something from our Kelly and his pussy and by the way you call that a penis five six seven oh five
60 pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon and this is great
This is now like a new gathering place for all the mouth contents, you know
We had we had to lock on it for a long time, but now we got it totally so now we're just expanded right where's branching out baby
We're spreading our wings in our legs. Welcome
Airby missed it airby mouth. We had especially at this time here because the living and breathing people this time
And you're busy doing stuff right you'd think so now we got a place for you to come and roost and just spread your uh layer eggs
Nobody QAM
Yeah, people are dying overseas and you trying to speak freaking caps and dogs
Nobody QAM hello
speaking
That's speaking yes sir how you doing Neil I'm doing okay how you doing all right good listen
Uh, are you gonna watch the new Tom Welling Flick the new one the new Tom Welling Flick no the guy from small though
No, I'm not why not I don't care about smallville no more I'm burned out on that crap
Okay, and he's okay, but enough is enough
What you got tired of it?
I'm tired of the whole thing the story the stories are just the same thing every week
It's just a different version of the same story every week boring burn out all right
With them palio, okay, and just wipe it off good
5 670 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T line here's that pull coming we're getting there
What news event of the past 50 years has had the most significance to you George W. Bush deals the 2000 election
26 JFK assassination 98 to 9 11 which we added very very late because George insisted
84
Was speaking 84 what about runway 84 you read there no well that's a good place
Maybe my friend Derek will achieve there sometime with your whole family all right
If you look at him nicely give him like that
If you push your nose off to the side a little bit oh, I see and they give you tons of food
That's a great place 9 11's got 84 v yet not more 52 collapse of the Soviet Union 31 John Lennon murder 19 also with 19 the
Challenger explodes the alien saga 18
Clinton impeachment 17 Berlin wall comes down 16 hurricane Andrew which was not on there. We apologize 15 got on late
Mary Al Bolift also got on late 13 should be doing better
Martin Luther King assassination 12 10 for Elvis Crokes on the Crapper
10 for the internet bubble burst 10 for Watergate Nixon resigns
Six for armed swathes that are becomes governor of California
Four for princess died died Dianu
Four for that and three for the Bobby Kennedy assassination of the 660 to be votes
See why is it I don't know what that's all about why so few people feel that was significant because that was like the the end
That was the third in the line of 60s assassinations and that was really during the 60s that was at the end
Yeah
I'm telling you right now yeah, but it was the 60s
I see well what about I'm not I'm not gonna go into it
There's no reasoning with the hard asses pick guava love inspect that's right
28 after one I'll tell you one thing you don't have to be a genius to figure out why Brandy's is still around 25 years in South Florida
Because they do it right nobody else gives you the kind of great prices on brand-name merchandise and the kind of personal service
That you always have been getting from Brandy's which is why people have shop in there all the top names in the shoe bin is they got
I'm rock ports echo mafisto timballon Clarks S a s floor shum and no matter what your foot size is they can handle it for it
Because they got men's size 6 to 15 15 even Tom one I could shop there
Women's five to 12 and what's from the very narrow to the very wide and of course
So like I said they give you personal service to make sure you get a perfect fit each and every time you stick your foot inside their door
Brandy shoes you'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach open Monday through Saturday 9 to 9 Sunday
All this week at Brandy's shoes men's rock port pro walkers only 4890 you can also save up to 57% on other select rock port styles
So be sure and stop in this week at Brandy's or check them out on their website
Brandy's shoes.com and Troy Stratford says hi to our friends at Brandy's too, but he ain't here today
Don't let your friends WQ a.m. Right now
Oh like you wake up very much
This here is the king
I know I haven't been around much for a while
But I want y'all to know what up here in Rock and Roll heaven
I'll be thinking of you with Christmas
And I could give y'all a special Christmas message
A message of peace
Like how about a little piece of that pie going by thank you
A lot of old friends Christmas is a time of hoot time of joy
The time for 11 and I sure would love it take slides that feature you got there
Okay, what would one?
Oh yeah Christmas
Their Christmas to me means
Family and family means friends
The friends means getting together and getting together means
Dayton
I'll pass you that drumstick which please
Not just one lady right now
You know, I may be a big star maybe too big
But ain't nobody's so big you can't reach out a help in hand
I don't know helping a hand
Would you hand me a helping those my stator's over there which please like it very much
You know, I was saying
Ain't nobody's so big he can stoop to help a friend of neat over the holiday season
I'm speaking of season
Won't pass me that self-sugar when you get the chance like yeah, just just a screw the color that's right
So this Christmas why don't y'all take a tip from old
ails
Now I'll leave those steak tips right where they are you know what I mean?
You know I appreciate it like I want you to remember we're all part of guys great big family
And you know God made man into his own image
And look in the mirror. I'd have to say God must be a big big center for you know
I like you dear, but I especially want y'all to remember this one last thing
You're all that home is Christmas stringing that popcorn up on the tree
Save a big big bowl for the can extra butter to what I mean
I like you dear
I
Yeah, they just had a headline on an industry they're doing about the the democratic nomination about gorge sub zellie brumman
And I'm thinking of myself three years too late. Yeah
Now he gets so now he wisers up. You know that Gore anyway, and he I Angie Hougas who
Angie Hougas
She's the state coordinator for Wisconsin amnesty international. She writes
Uh, this was yesterday. So she said today which was yesterday's international human rights day
This is a day we can reflect back on the long and rugged journey from where we came to where we are and where we're heading
Today we ask how fine is the line between protecting our rights and freedoms and security
If our country wants to export democracy it must be done with moral leadership and in accordance with international law
But the highest priority should be the protective human rights both abroad and right here at home
If we're to set a standard and demand transparency and accountability by others
We must be willing to do nothing less than the same ourselves
We do well to remember that what we do outdo others can be done onto us. So let's reflect on how we're doing
One violation of basic human rights is to arrest innocent people in order to extract or force information from them regarding a family member
When people across america hear about this action taken in countries with the despot rulers
They're outraged and and raged and rightly so
Is that ibrahim al-Durie that was the story i told you missed on 60 minutes? Yes
Is the former vice chairman of the Iraqi Revolutionary Command Council his wife and daughter were recently taken to the custody
by us like coalition officials who are not giving out any details as to why or what the legal basis was for their arrest
They're also reports that us forces are arresting relatives of fugitives to interrogate them on the whereabouts of family members
I'm wondering if we'll be equally as outraged and raised out that this is becoming an approved and come intact to use by our own country
Will there be the same widespread condemnation as when other countries do this or will there be silence and excuses as justification for the action
One of our prized and valued rights is our first amendment which guarantees the freedom of speech and of the press and to assemble
peaceably this also is reflected in article 19 of the universal declaration of human rights
Which says everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression
President Bush tells us we're bringing freedom to the Iraqi people at the same time
US military officials in Iraq are closing down tv stations
This is not this not only is happening in Mosul where the military commander stated he knew it was an act of blatant censorship
But also very recently and Baghdad
While legislators debated French versus freedom fries and repeatedly debated amendment to ban
Dislocation of the US flag they've disecrated the fourth and fifth amendments to the US Constitution by proving the USA
Patriot Act
We can no longer be complacent regarding our human rights our bill of rights and our freedoms with passage of the Patriot Act
The cornerstones of our judicial system innocent until proven guilty and guilty on a reasonable doubt have been flip-flopped
Now you can be presumed guilty until you prove yourself innocent
When we look at other judicial systems around the world
We're outraged at this concept of presumed guilty upon arresting before trial
What we never thought could happen is now legal right here in our own country
A person can be held in communicado a person can be held indefinitely without charge
A person no longer has the right to contact family or an attorney
How can a person hope to purpose innocence under these conditions
There are reasons for our laws for our rules for rules of war and for international laws
These reasons include the protection of innocence of Indians in times of conflict and protection of human rights
It takes courage to put human dignity and human worth first but we are up to the challenge
Human rights need not be the sacrificial lamb human rights don't have to be the casualty of war
Angie who gets nice going Angie
Unfortunately, she's far into a windstorm you know, I mean yeah, they're whistling in the dark
Oh speaking of whistling in the dark priest told us to stop you and out pamphlet
Pittsburgh
What those Catholics man? He sure got problems then is you got really big problems up the old rectum
You know you're the problem. No, that's right. Well, that's good. I want to be the problem
A Roman Catholic diocese in Western Pennsylvania is ordered a priest to stop distributing an anti-gay sex pamphlet that says it borders on the pornographic
How do you like that? There's no fact in the church the Reverend John Nesbella
Who works at the Prince of Peace parish in northern Cambria in the Altoona John Stondaisis said yesterday that he had stopped distributing
Medical consequences of what homosexuals do
But Nesbella says these seven-page documents supports the church's stance against same-sex marriage by detailing claims about the negative medical consequences of
gay sex acts gay wait to hear with the co-author is the co-sponsor
Okay pamphlet is authored by Paul Cameron
Sociology to chairs the family research institute in Colorado Springs Colorado who's a right-wing lunatic who used to be a mr.
Ego show about every five minutes one of the top homophobes in the world
It graphically describes various gay sex acts and refers to Cameron's own so-called research
newspaper articles medical journals and government statistics
Cameron concludes that homosexuals are sexually troubled people engaging in dangerous activities
Sister Mary Parks
No, relationship with sister Mary Manage
A spokesman for the diocese that covers West Central Pennsylvania said the pamphlet borders on the pornographic
The bishop was concerned that the explicit nature of the material might lead us to become part of the problem
Then rather than rather than part of the sports court solutions. She said
Cameron's work has been criticized by gay rights activists and scientists
Gregory Herike professor on and expert on hate crimes and sexual prejudice at the University of California
Davis said Cameron twist or misunderstands other's research and uses poor methods to do his own surveys
Cameron said he was stunned by the iC's actions the language in the pamphlet is all critically said
It's more stridently written to be sure it is after all an informational or propaganda. He's written for an intelligent reader
And as Bella says I just believe that the medical consequences of homosexuality are so serious and horrific that somebody has to say something about it
Paul Cameron man
Gait what's that the Fred Phelps from Kansas right the one that attends all the gay funerals
There's this another one for you. What a hate monger
No
Yeah, so how are we doing out there at the QA and van Josh?
I haven't got another update so come on now you people out there we got 20 minutes to go
And Scott's been out there since new but whenever he showed up he'll be there go two o'clock and we only had 20 bucks
Yeah, 20 bucks
Christel many were we going to find that on the floor out in the hallway
We can see it
Well somebody probably already beached to it. I was just telling you that's pathetic 20 dollars
What our best meal merchandise at a good location the Q and van's other at the Shell gas station on Sheridan street
Just west of i95 and i'm going to tell you right now if we don't get another 20 but i'm not leaving i'm staying on the year
Okay, actually i got a better idea. I just want you up tomorrow
Now that's the truth if we don't get at least 20 bucks more which isn't asking for much
That's pretty pathetic still 40 bucks
Well, I better drive out there right now that by two o'clock then i'm not coming in tomorrow. It's all yours
I can make it there by two
20 till two at five sixty wqa m a ef
Terran out of repair our new sponsor bars on the Elijah show were glad to happen
ef Terran out of repairs located at 50 83 north federal highway
Just a mile and a half north of sample road and pompano beach at ef Terran out of repair experience the difference that experience makes
All ef mechanics are certified technicians who really know their stuff current with all latest technology
They most of them have been with the ef team for almost 20 years
In fact the ef team combined has got over 200 years of experience in doing it right
No job is too big or too small of the ef from a blown fuse to a blown engine from a 73 to 100 to an oh four Bentley
ef Terran out of repair do it all all jobs are meticulously double-checked for accuracy by the shop foreman
And every car is cleaned upon completion of the work ef on his most extended warranties too
And they offer you wide-awaited service on most repairs as well
ef Terran out of repair 50 83 north federal highway and pompano beach call 954 42699
26 that's 954 42699
26 and when you call these folks ask about their 90 days same as cash no interest credit card too
ef Terran out of repair naturally recognizes one of the most successful automotive repair facilities in the entire
U.S. of A at ef their motto is nobody cares more and nobody will work harder to earn your business
42699
Child should have and should never be left alone with its tickle me jack-o from sickle me street
Just pull tickle me jack-o's string and hear him say
The jack-o's spline has a sweep over but watch out for tickle me jack-o's secret surprise
And every kid who sleeps with tickle me jack-o has a chance to score a 10 million dollar jack-o
oh
tickle me jack-o from the makers of Daniel me jack-o by me off big bird and
Burton Ernie's married in message you said streamhouse. You ready bird?
tickle me jack-o
From sickle me street
Available at all boys or us KY toys and unsafe way stories
146 at five 60 to everybody who him here's the facts. I appreciate Mark
Says you probably knew this all right and I did not
But since Dr. Rankin's death, the whole Atkins enterprise has basically shifted from a medical-based
organization to a pure cash machine.
Now Dr. Rankin's always tried to make money, nothing wrong with that, but he was a practicing
position too, just before the buyouts mentioned in this article which he has attached to.
His medical clinic shut its doors altogether.
Now it's nothing but a marketing marketing marketing.
I'm not knocking.
The product, he says, but the direction of the enterprise is not the same.
Well, man, I must explain why we got that horrible stuff that I just shook in and threw
in the trash.
Three boxes of it.
Now I'll say it again, if you don't have some kind of a stomach problem with that stuff,
if you're not allergic to those sugar alcohols, like it says in very tiny print on the back
of the box, then have a good time with it.
They taste great.
Probably not going to kill you.
But I don't feel this, I had that experience, but I also feel like I don't know a little
off today, you know what I mean?
No.
You know what I'm talking about when you feel a little bit off, like light headed, like
your life is like that.
Not just like all there, you know what I'm saying?
Like, listen, it was a dynamic, you know, test your experience, man.
I'm not for everyone ever.
Let me ask you this.
Yeah.
How are we doing out there at the shell station?
We got an extra 20 bucks.
He said there were a group of people he's going to call me back.
So he's got a group of people that are taking up a collection to see if we can come up
with a 20.
Well, I'm not implying that.
Six people at three bucks a piece.
That's 18.
They might be there to robin.
That could be it.
I doubt it.
I would even always only got 20 bucks because you sure you don't have none of his own.
Well, that's a good sign.
I mean, maybe I'll show up tomorrow.
We'll see.
Well, anyway, federal warning on tuna plans, speaking of eating bad stuff.
The federation, I never been able to understand, but they always say, well, certain things are
bad for infants or bad for pregnant women.
Well, if they're bad for anybody, isn't it kind of logical that they're probably not
that great for everybody else too?
One would think.
Yeah.
I mean, that's a little bit too logical, probably.
The federal government plans to warn pregnant women nursing mothers and even those thinking
of getting pregnant to limit their consumption of tuna as part of a broad advisory concerning
the dangers of eating fish and shellfish with elevated levels of harmful mercury.
A grant advisory from the FDA and the EPA, Carson's women of childbearing age as well
as young children, to limit their intake of tuna and other fish and shellfish to 12
ounces a week, the equivalent of two to three modest meals.
Amongst the food tuna, right, second or the shrimp and popularity in the U.S., did you
know that?
No, I did not.
Of course, it's cheap, right?
Common.
And we're not talking about necessarily, you know, like gourmet tuna.
We're talking about like canned tuna as well, right?
The government is also advising consumers to mix the types of fish they eat and not to
eat any one kind of fish or shellfish more than once a week.
Huh.
The FDA had previously worn pregnant women against eating shark, swordfish, king mac
roll, holy mac rule and tilefish.
What the hell is a tilefish?
I thought I knew my fish, but I guess I don't.
You better learn your fish mister because you should know them, right?
Absolutely correct sir.
Because they contain unusually high levels of mercury, but until now the agency hasn't
directly addressed concerns about tuna, we should warnings for so large a segment of
the population.
The advisory notes that mercury levels in tuna vary and that tuna steaks and can't
aloe cord tuna generally contain higher levels of mercury than can't light tuna so you can
get like cancer light.
The document advises pregnant nursing women.
You can safely include tuna as part of your weekly fish consumption.
But like it said, don't eat any one kind of fish or shellfish more than once a week.
This is a bunch of crap, you know, it's a bunch of crap.
Do you believe it?
No, what?
That's a pile of crap.
The states of Peeamcourt and Frankfurt can tucky.
Blocked a smoking ban that was set to take effect last night in midnight in bars and restaurants
in Lexington, the hub of the tobacco growing country.
Well they probably pissed off about that, wouldn't you think?
I think.
Even a horses aren't too happy.
The justice is also said they settle and repeal by opponents of a trowel judges ruling
that the law, the first by any city in the state is constitutional.
The courts said a hearing from arts 10.
Earlier when the state court of appeals refused to grant a temporary injunction, a three-judge
panel said opponents of the Lexington ordinance mainly in organization to bar arrest donors
failed to show how immediate enforcement will cause them irreparable injury, the organization
then asked the Supreme Court for a stay.
The smoking ban which has drawn national attention because of tobacco's prominence in
Kentucky history was enacted by the Lexington Fayette Urban County Council as a pubic health
measure.
So they're second about it.
And I think some of them tobacco growers will make the courts and offers a camp refuse,
you know what I'm saying?
Smoking with the got him.
That's what Fay Wayne said.
Who?
Marion, what the hell was that?
Oh, that Marion Bayway.
What was his real last name?
I don't know, O'Connor.
Marion Carlow, Carlow Conner and Curl 2.
Oh, seriously, what the hell was his name?
Marion Anderson.
Marion.
Marion Berry.
Smoking with the got him, Marion.
All right.
152 at 560 WQM.
If you want to give your home a new style this holiday season, here's a great way to do
it.
Replace that terrible carpeting and color friends at Laminants R Us.
This is the smart, the easy low maintenance alternative to expensive natural wood flooring.
Laminants R Us is the best place to find Laminated Wood Flooring from Peridor, Pergo, Wilson
Art, Unifluor and Quickstep, and all of their flooring is installed by Pergo Certified
Installers too.
Here's another reason to call Laminants R Us.
Their prices are so low it'll floore you.
Right now, get their holiday special for just $1495.
That is correct.
Just $1495 gets you up to $295 square feet of beautiful, Laminated Wood Flooring.
It is positively unberlain.
And Laminants R Us will match any legitimate written offer to you.
You can't beat him.
For a free and home estimate column tool free at 1-877-773336, they make it so easy you
can't possibly say no.
They offer your free carpet disposal, free furniture moving at a 25-year warranty.
So this holiday season give your home a gift to brand new style with beautiful Laminated
Wood Flooring.
Tell Mettniel Tordid to call Laminants R Us Tool free at 1-877-773336.
Absolutely.
What news have been out of the past 50 years had the most significance to you?
If I was him I'd go in there and I'd just beat the crap out of Greg Reed.
You know what you think that would be good?
I'd pay to watch that.
I'd like to see him and Joe Rose come in there and just each one get on one side.
Just pound some sense in his thick skull.
George W. Bush, I would say of course they just cover NIRAS anyway.
We can't tell you what it's all about.
George W. Bush deals $2,237.
That's been way out in front.
But we put 9-11 on there because originally we said in a poll other than 9-11 and George
at all.
You'll see Bush, the only election will still win.
9-11 has gone from nowhere to 106 second place.
It's got a long way to go.
Admit JFK assassination 99.
Vietnam more 54.
Collapse to the Soviet Union 31.
Hurricane Andrew 25.
Again, we were very late on that.
I apologize profusely.
The Challenger explodes 22.
The alien saga 20.
How soon they forget.
The John Lennon murder.
Still 19.
Clinton impeachment 17.
The Berlin Wall comes down 16.
Martin Luther King's assassination 13.
Mary L. Boliv 13.
Mary Alitos Elvis croaks on a crap or 11.
Internet bubble burst 11.
Watergate Nixon resignation 10.
Neil eats those atkins bars.
I'm sorry.
Arnold Schwarzenegger becomes governor of California 6.
Princess Dye dies for an RKS assassination for out of 718 votes.
You'll see when we sit down tomorrow.
I'll just I'll bet your Greg's life on it right now.
How's that?
OK, in fact, I'll throw in a bonus.
I'll bet you Greg and Moe's life on it.
Absolutely.
OK.
Now that might that might temper the way some people vote.
Don't hold back.
OK, how do we do out there at the van?
I'm going to call him back.
He hasn't called me yet.
Well, you got a minute and 42 seconds.
You better hurry up.
I'm Josh Better.
Hurry, make that call or else George is.
It's all his tomorrow.
And you're in your.
No, I'm going to make up the dinner.
If he didn't get another 20, I'll put it in there.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
It's worth it.
It was an amazing.
I wish we had more time because I got some good bedtime stories.
And we wasted a lot of time with idiotic calls, but we're going to do that every day anyway.
Was the airplanes in better Brazilian?
You ready for that?
OK.
As Americans prepared to celebrate the centennial of the Wright Brothers first flight,
a whole country is cringing at what believes to be a historical injustice against one of
the most beloved heroes.
There's a lot of Italians in Brazil.
They probably inherited from that because the Italians always say they invented everything.
And you ready anyone?
What is it?
You ready for this?
$503.
I got 50 minutes.
Well, that's how it's to hate you, George.
Ask anyone in Brazil who went to the airplane, they'll say Alberto Santos Dumas, a 5 foot 4-inch
bombe von, who was well known for his aerial prowess as he was for his dandy-ish dress
in high society life in Belapac, Paris.
As Paul Hoffman recounts in his Santos Dumas biography, Wings of Madness, the eccentric
Brazilian was the first and only person who won a personal flying machine that could
take him just about anywhere he wanted to go.
In fact, from the sounds of it, I don't think he needed the plane.
You catch my drift?
No, what do you mean by that?
Look, 3-2M van 4-6 to 6, the staff known as the 7-11, 4-D-4-51, D.B. Boulevard.
How much did we get?
5-03.
5-03.
5-03.
And then, of course, a Joshua B. 79 at Tony Rome is Hurricane Hotline.
Love the road in U.S. 1.
In South Miami, let's get it right then.
Bye, bye, bye.
Then you'll watch your show on Climax TZL in QAM, Miami 4-Laradayda.
Paul!
Do you want me to go down on it?
