Friday seems fast一點
for the moon and for when I don't think that's the way to go.
I say we deem for Lee Boy now, oh, what's that that deem for?
I deem for Lee Boy now, oh, could you look just like a blaze of soul?
We be the time to until the fall and fall.
It's time to deem for Lee Boy now, oh, oh.
Yeah, he's guilty as if that's a big surprise.
What a joke. The jurors had asked a judge for permission to examine the Ishevik Caprice again.
Maybe somebody wanted to buy it. A 90-shabby Caprice, you think so? I doubt it.
Or although it might be worth something someday, you know what strange people we got.
At any rate, the Ishevik Caprice, the only question is if they're going to fry his ass, which we certainly hope so.
Oh, yeah, but he was so young and he was so impressionable, right?
He was laughing. He was laughing his ass off as he was picking off these poor bystanders,
destroying people's lives and taking some away.
It's come back. You think it's a racial thing?
No.
Anyway, if I hear any more about the God then beast today, I'm going to puke right here on the air.
It's one thing I've never done in almost 30 years on the air in this town.
But third man is puke. My guts are right on the air.
But if I have to hear any more about you and your date last night and about how you spent three hours with this chick
and about how Joanne Mark hates you and Kim Bo-Camper hates you and Hank hates you and all of the sudden,
and of course Farrell hates you and Moe hates you, you're going to be the most hated man in a building other than Moe,
which is in fact you may surpass him.
It's a tough act to follow.
It's a very tough act to follow, but if anybody can do it, I think you've got the inside track.
Anyway, let's take a look at that poll from yesterday because like I said, today is a defining moment.
It's a turning point. Let me tell you right off the bat, mark it down on your calendar.
For those who keep track, we have many, very, well, we used to have many.
Of course, McGill and the beast is him. We have just a few left listeners, but a lot of very devoted people,
a few devoted people who mark everything down. It's like keeping score for a ballgame.
I mean, if assholes consider home and keep scoring a baseball game, why can't they keep score on a talk show, right?
It makes sense to me.
True.
So like December 19, 2003, three years from today, we'll be assuming I'm still live, of course, it'll be...
Bye, bye, bye!
That'll be the last of the Arraja Show, period.
You're lying.
I beg your pardon?
You're lying, right?
Let me say it again. Right it down. Right in on your balled spot on your forehead,
which would be just about anywhere from your puppet to your middle of your back.
Three years from today, that's it.
Bye, bye, bye!
If I can make it that long.
And generally, based on what's ratings we saw yesterday, see, one of the things we always examine these numbers,
and we put them under the microscope, and we try to find some excuse when they're not so good.
And this was a stick book, a stick trend, the month of November.
In fact, during the fall months, Arbatron can't find anybody who speaks English and saw Florida.
They can't find any anglos.
And this is a problem for us because the sticks don't like me, and it's just one of those things.
And, you know, of course, I get accused of being anti-cule band and I'm this and that,
because first of all, because I said, Cedia Cruz was a drag queen, which she was, ugly bitch.
And because I didn't suck up to all those phonies who were marching in the streets,
there were that alienito crap and the obuelos who kept squeezing his penis.
I mean, that was pathetic. It was divisive. It was sick. It was tragic.
And if you come, unless you come on here and then, of course, politically, I mean, forget about it.
Forget about it altogether.
I mean, unless you like, booch, booch, man, booch, then you haven't got a time in your chance.
So, I'm looking at the Hispanic radio stations, the Spanish language stations, music and talk.
In this trend, just in the month of November, when I'm over 3% of the total, you see what I'm saying?
Well, if that happens there, then some of us are screwed.
Now, a lot of those people will listen, for example, to Howard Stern.
They'll listen to Rush Limbaugh. They'll certainly listen to the sports crap,
because they want to also, like everybody else, talk about Wonsett and Fiedler and Fiedler and Wonsett and Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy and Fiedler and Wonsett.
I'm telling you, folks, what you callers out there, and I shouldn't say you, but I'm talking about in the sports segments,
what they do to this radio station during football season, there are people on death row, even Lee Boyd Malvo,
should you be a little sympathy-compared to what these people do to this radio station.
It's criminal. It is unlistenable.
I just don't know what they're thinking about.
It's the same people, like you said yesterday, the same chronic's, must hold me this morning.
There's a guy named Dave, and I don't pay attention to most of the sports callers, because I must do it that much.
There's a guy named Dave called three times this morning between Mo and Joe Show, Demo Joe, three times.
And you know who that is?
Dave, the caller?
Yeah, I've heard him before.
Dave, the caller?
Well, he's a regular on the station.
There shouldn't be any regular on the station.
There's like 20 or 30 guys that call every show no matter what.
Every day.
Every day.
I mean, we got a few regular, and those are the kind of people we hang up on right away.
But like Reverend Jones with George Hayson, like Boyd's, and I think he's a little bit amusing.
Because he says about three words, and he's gone, and then it's kind of like our fixer today.
He's okay, a little.
But when you actually are holding conversations with the same people over and over again,
who are sitting there squeezing themselves and analyzing and analyzing this ballgame, and they're squirming in the chair,
and what are we going to do, and then a guy to call the other day yesterday?
About how he really has to reconsider his attitude about, you know, when the dolphins lost to the Eagles Monday night,
and then he has to sit back after being so frustrated and aggravated and realize that he just won the World Series.
He did?
How was sitting taking a crap this morning thinking about that, and it helped, by the way, a lot.
It helped the process along.
And I'm thinking, that must have been Josh Beckett.
Either that, or maybe this guy pitched the game that we missed somewhere.
He won the World Series.
I just mind boggling to me.
Anyway, Jo and Mark's toy drive, and I'm sure they're going to be calling in.
I'm not too thrilled about that.
At Cafe, because then they're going to talk about you again.
I heard that this morning.
That made me want to just give up.
I just, at that point, I just wanted to give up all together.
I felt like we've gone from, we ought to change the call letters from WQN to WVUM, you know.
Bad high school radio.
Jo and Mark are having their annual toy drive at Cafe Aguilin in Pemberpines,
and being the troopers that they are that's on the southwest corner of Pines and University.
They're there till 7 o'clock tonight.
And you can come by, and they're looking for a new, unwrapped toys.
And this benefits kids at Joe Demas, who is Children's Hospital.
And then today from noon to 2, George will have our best in the merchandise.
Yesterday, we passed the $50,000 mark in our best in the fund raising for band and pay rescue,
which isn't all that great in three months, but it's the best we can do.
If we still have the audience, it would be another story.
And I'm going to talk about that at length, especially since this is such a big day.
The three year to retirement anniversary to retire.
And I want to thank whoever facts me that story yesterday.
And I realized it was hard to print it out because the website is has difficulty when you try to print it out.
So I had a write in, I spent about an hour writing and stuff off the website.
The website is germany.indiemedia.org.
Hinkley and Bush family friend.
And this story is just mind boggling to me.
And like it says, in this story, it wasn't like a complete secret at the time when Hinkley tried to assassinate Reagan.
But it just kind of like disappeared.
It says it appeared in the Houston Post original story, was reported in Newsweek magazine.
And then it just disappeared.
They buried it somehow.
I want to tell you right off the bat that the Bush family, they make the mafia look like,
like Sunday school preachers.
Well, that's a bad example.
Who names it like Santa Claus?
How's that?
The Bush family in from where I sit are the biggest bunch of crooks that ever came down the pike.
I'll see that also in a go for well with the no speaking English.
Great. Great.
They don't like that.
And you know up too bad.
Let's take a look at the results of yesterday's poll.
No first before we get into all of those things.
Shall we?
Okay.
1889 votes.
Which of these do you most strongly believe George W. Bush had been impeached for the line of Congress and the public?
Absolutely correct.
531.
48.7% of this used to be big audience said that almost half.
Heads out a role at the FBI and or CIA for fake data prevent 9.1.250.
I also got a great Michael Moore comedy.
Nobody in government had a clue. 146.
Other Bush officials had advanced warning 83.
And George W. Bush had advanced knowledge of 9.1.179.
So almost half the audience thinks that Bush ought to be impeached for lying to the public.
Getting us in this war.
When I see what's going on over there and I see that you see the story on the news about the soldiers who came home and one kid had one leg blown off and the other one had like one leg partially and the other one he's it's it's it's just grotesque and they screw in them over.
I didn't see that.
They're screwing over the kids that are coming back from Iraq and all the other veterans too.
And the public sits back and immediately manipulates them to show you the way to a minute.
A medium and it's the public that miserable line sack of crap with suspenders.
I even for him I couldn't believe what they pulled last night somebody must have got paid off for that.
Only $50.
On the day that Michael Jackson finally gets charged with child molestation and there isn't anybody with an IQ larger than their thumb who isn't well aware of that he's guilty.
So what is Larry King have on last night.
Don't be trusted us and hour with that mustatioed asshole his defense attorney Mark Garagos and germane Jackson.
And we're all supposed to have Alzheimer's disease.
We're all supposed to forget about the fact that Joe Jackson the father was a miserable drunken son of a bitch who beat all the kids when they were children.
Remember hearing about that years ago right now.
Oh no he was a great father they grew up in a very normal childhood and the family is very tight with Michael and even Latoya yadi yadi yadi.
And it was only Neil just made it up Latoya and never said that they let the he plays on the air.
That damn fact that I can't stand it.
She never said that.
And we're just supposed to forget about all these things and you talk about spin.
I mean there is no more news anymore in America everything is spin.
It's like you're caught in the middle of a washing machine that's on permanent spin cycle and you can't get out.
All they do a spin it all spin all day.
And so the spin machines that were working the story yet by the way nice job Miss Fudge.
Matt Raj Miss Fudge had the story yesterday about how Johnny Cochrane is going to be the new attorney remember that?
Yeah.
Then I pointed out that he changed it.
US magazine says he tried to cover his ass and believe me probably with the reason that somebody had his eye on it.
And then come to find out it ain't going to happen after all so he changes it on the website instead of in big red ink.
Now it's like off to the side and little black ink like well he's going to be consulting but he's not going to be the attorney.
Also Garagos last night said that there's no truth to the story about the nation of Islam thing the hurricane stuff.
Even though it's on the front page of the national post here this morning but you know so believe what you want it.
And here we go said oh it's the other sides PR from the prosecution it's their spin they're trying to play the race card.
Well does that make any sense to you?
No.
But what do they have to gain by playing the race card?
Nothing.
Kind of idiotic if you ask me.
Oh and speaking of Michael Jackson I got a guy I may have to do a lot of reading today which I don't really want to do especially with three years to go.
It might take me three years to read all of us.
The new inquire that is December 30th National inquire.
Michael's lies about his own kids.
Jackson's credibility in doubt even as he tried to discredit his accuses and before we get to that later on I just want to read one paragraph.
Two paragraphs.
The singer has consistently maintained that he is the biological father of his son Prince Michael six and his daughter Paris both delivered by former wife Debbie Roe.
But a Jackson family insider and others have come forward to challenges claim saying the children were conceived by an anonymous sperm donor.
Squirt Squirt.
Is there any doubt in your mind about that?
No.
1013 at 560 WDQM.
Hey horse racing fans and poker players.
Pompadot Park racing in card room is your location to celebrate New Year's Eve like every year.
How about a four course dinner in the top of the park restaurant plus champagne and party favors at midnight.
There also be music and dancing all night long.
Or maybe play poker until the stroke of midnight and celebrate with a free champagne toast.
Don't forget Pompadot Park also features the world's only midnight mile with the last race starting in 2003 and ending in 2004.
Special post time New Year's Eve at 8 p.m.
Pompadot Park features free admission and free general parking every single day.
Live harness racing in the poker room every Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday.
Poker starts at noon.
Live racing gets underway nightly at 7.05 p.m.
And don't forget every Monday night at Pompadot Park at two for $25 dinner special in the top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor.
And every Wednesday night at the trinkets, the dominant night with draft beard, soda hot dogs and lots more only a bucket piece.
Pompadot Park is also open seven days and nights a week featuring the best in silent casting.
Harness, thermite, high-lion fall across North America for you to watch and plunge your gut sign.
Pompadot Park a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the new racing schedule called 9.5.4.972.2000.
Or go on the web at pompadopark.com.
Pompadot Park for horse power you can plunge your gut sign.
Live in local.
Here's horse winyo 560.
She went UAM.
This Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
New this fall on Fox.
It's a late night talk show unlike any other you've ever seen.
Thicking a pop sluggles into his king-size bed with warm milk and cookies and interview some of Hollywood's hottest young celebrity.
Hello, this is Michael Jackson in bed with an Oscar nominee who was currently starring as the voice of Moby and Disney's new animated adventure the younger book too.
Please welcome my special guest in my bed, Hayley Jordan Ozman.
Do we have to do this in your bed?
It's in his set. It's very charming. I let my children sleep with very gib.
Oh, so tell me, Hayley Jordan Ozman, how is it working with a lovable bear balloon?
He's not real Michael. He's a cartoon voice by John Goodman.
Hey, Hayley, look what I could do with this.
Oh!
You never know who's going to be sleeping in Michael's bed.
I'm here with my next guest snuggled up in my bed.
It's a big TV star.
The child who plays simple woods is son and my PD blue.
Hello, child who plays simple woods is son and my PD blue.
Hi, my, hi.
Would you like to play a game?
Child who plays simple woods is son and my PD blue?
Sure.
Put on this mask.
I'm having so much fun me and my children play this game with very gib all the time.
Put the mask on.
I can't bear it.
Here.
Touch this one time.
Ah!
So grab some more milk and cookies and join Waco Jacko for some late night TV like you've never seen before.
It's sleeping with Michael Jackson, weeknight, son fobs.
10, 19, at 5, 60 WQM, I interrupted myself again.
I do it all the time when I have a lot of crap to do.
You know what I mean when you have a lot of crap sometimes you interrupt it.
Uh, known to today, George will be at four-lotter-dale Harley on federal highway.
I never did mention it.
Did I?
No.
With our best meal merchandise just south of Oakland Park Boulevard.
Oh, that's right.
Interrupted to say that we had 50 grand and we'd had a lot more if we still had any audience.
That's what Miguel said.
Nobody likes you anymore.
He told me that months ago and he was right.
You know what?
I don't care.
I'll take the check right to the bank.
George will be at four-lotter-dale Harley on federal highway just south of Oakland Park Boulevard.
You can win prizes.
You can spin the wheel or whatever he's doing over there.
And enjoy free food from Atlantic City Sub.
So get there early.
He'll be there noon to two today with our best meal CDs.
And of course those highly popular Moe Howard David of Keychains.
But now that we got to 50 we can just kind of coast in from there the rest of the year at night last few days.
Oh, before we get to the poll and the reason I'm taking it and before I vent.
Here's a story you'll like.
Canada promises to revive building the criminalized pop possession.
So the beast will probably be up here after the first of the year.
I'm moving.
Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin said yesterday his government will reintroduce legislation to decriminalize simple possession marijuana
when parliament sits again in the new year.
Martin indicated that the bill first brought under his predecessor Jean Crèche in.
Could be tough and in committee before it passes.
I think that's one got that one's got to take a look at the fines.
He said I think you have to take a look at the quantities.
And I think there has to be a larger effort against the grow ups and those who distribute Yaudiati.
But he agrees with the principle that young people should not be dogs throughout life by a criminal record if they're caught in possession of small amounts of pot.
There's one of the major differences.
Okay, when people say, well, gee, you're always talking about Toronto and Canada.
You know something.
There's a difference between living in a place that civilized and progressive and a place that's moving back into the Stone Age.
And let me see it again.
The bushes are the biggest crooks in the history of the US.
They make Joe Kennedy look like a piker.
And you really have to wonder you have to scratch your head.
I know one of those people that's always conspiratorial minded and in the trial laterals and the builderers all of that crap.
But man alive, you really have to start wondering what the hell it's really all about.
And if you just use, you know, big business, just put that big blanket over a big business or big oil.
Because it's interesting to see how that oil thing played into it was into play with that Hinckley connection too with the bushes.
But anyway, and then of course there's the bush in Bin Laden connection.
What a great article by Michael Moore.
Where the hell is it?
And Michael Moore's article by the way, we finally got our Frankenstein and he was in a spider hole.
That was also on that same German website that in the media.org.
Because I was trying to figure out, okay, now is this website got any credibility?
Let me see some of the other stuff they got on here and they have the very latest Michael Moore piece.
So can't be all bad.
Anyway, let me just say this to you.
Okay, on our website, and I mentioned this a couple of times because I'm, you know, I've been around the block a few times.
On our website starting on November, whatever the hell was, 1516, like right after the firing of Scott Ferell.
The hits on a website went south.
I mean, like took a huge about 40%.
How much?
About 30, man.
And about 40%.
And it came back a little bit so far, but generally speaking way, way down.
And you take a look at that and you scratch your head and you're wondering, is like everybody bailed out?
Is the audience gone?
Are they pissed off and fired up?
See, I hate to break the news to some of those people out there who refused to understand.
Number one, Scott Ferell brought on his own firing, okay?
Scott Ferell, there was only one person that could get him fired. That was himself.
And as much as I liked him and enjoyed working with him, and it was a great lead in.
We had a lot of fun and we really had a great thing going here.
Guess what? He ain't coming back.
He's not coming back.
So when I hear like I did when we went off the air yesterday for 15 minutes, sort of into the show.
And the beast is there with Miguel, all of a sudden, all of a sudden, now they're the experts.
Not that the ratings came out and they see we went in the tank.
Well, we know the answer because everywhere that we go, people are telling us that they're really pissed off that Ferell got a can't.
And they're not going to listen to QA until he comes back.
Well, guess what?
Bye-bye to those people because he ain't coming back.
He got himself a can't.
He wasn't even going to be fired.
Even though it was about the 50th chance, he got himself fired.
Like he does every play-sense.
Not something I take any pleasure in saying because it's a real pain in the ass.
But he got himself a can't.
He was going to get suspended for two days and then he just lost it and went ballistic and he got himself a can.
It's as simple as that.
There's nothing complicated about it.
I was there when it happened.
And if there's anybody who thinks that, well, Neil should have cut.
See, I felt at the time that the audience wasn't satisfied with what I said.
They didn't want to hear the truth.
They wanted me to come on here and say, well, you know, these people, these bees-lays and Greg Reed, bop-bop.
I did say that when they hired him, they shouldn't have wanted to go.
It's just like when he has a piano and put a brush on here.
I did say that and that's true and I believe that.
But at the same time, they got a license to protect.
If they don't have a license, there's no radio station.
So what's the point?
And I've been to all of those games.
I know how the hell all of that works.
And I laid it right out there on the table for the audience to hear and understand.
They didn't like that. They didn't want to hear that.
They wanted me to say, hey, I'm going to walk out of here unless they bring Scotty back.
You know, in that crap.
But why the hell would I do that?
You needed to make a stand.
And what was that accomplished?
Am I in a position as anybody in a position to get that man his job back on this radio station?
No. No.
And I'm telling you folks, if somebody comes to you, your employer.
And just to use an example.
And has you signed a document that says, okay, I've been doing some things that are unacceptable.
Like, crap it on the boss's desk.
Every day I go and eat a clock and I take a big dump on the boss's desk.
And you sign a piece of paper and you say, I'll never crap on a boss's desk again.
And if I do, I'm going to get fired.
And you sign a paper and everybody shakes hands, okay, I've been little out of sorts.
I've had like wild diarrhea, whatever the reason.
And I'm not going to do it again.
The next morning you walk in and you take a dump on the boss's desk.
And the best part of the deal is he still wasn't going to get canned.
He was going to get suspended and he just lost it and then he talked himself into getting canned.
I personally think the man has got a career death wish.
I'm not talking about physically, I hope.
But I made a career death wish.
I think there's a part of him that wants to get himself canned.
I don't know whether it's ego, I don't know what it was.
We had a really fun thing going here, but you know what boys and girls?
He ain't coming back.
He's not coming back.
So what he's getting fired has to do with people listening to this show because I know this comes as a great shock to him and maybe part of the audience.
Before Scott Furell was on his radio station, we were doing just fine.
I didn't like that nine to one deal at all.
I hated that.
But we were doing pretty well.
We had big numbers.
Everything seemed fine.
Everybody's making a lot of money.
Except the beast and Josh.
But we were doing fine.
So it to me, it seems the old, but again, you know, you're talking about the people Miguel says to me, the small balls, the people, the like at the games, you know, when we take the wheel out to the dolphin games and everybody saying these things about well, they're pissed off and they're I could listen to QM.
That's typical with the mentality of the sports nerd crowd.
Like a bunch of overgrown children, like when their team loses a game, they're so wounded that their life is it just can't go on because they don't have logic.
They don't have a life.
That's the problem that is that is their life.
I'm gagging it.
Tell me to stop eating these lozenges, man.
Because after eating a whole bunch of them, like, binds up in your throat.
Stop eating those lozenges.
Oh, now I like them.
Okay.
I like sucking on something.
Anyway, so we're taking a poll today, and especially with three years to go from today, today is December 19, 2003.
And all of a sudden, croak, three more years of this.
Now people say, well, three years, why are you even talking about that now? Three years is a long time.
Yeah, you're right. It is a long time in some respects, but by the same token, it's not really isn't.
You know how fast it's going to go by, especially when you take out the 85 weeks vacation a year before you know it.
And before you know it, it's going to be by by.
And I can't wait for that last show.
Oh, man.
Can you imagine the audience will have an ante?
Even those people who tuned it out, even the sports nerds will be listening that day.
Okay, we got the new poll.
We'll talk about that when we come back.
I got 800 bedtime stories.
I know we got a lot of important calls to take like line five QAM.
Yes, sir.
What was it?
What was it?
What did he say?
He said, why are you talking about Forell?
He sucked.
Oh, I said what he said.
I couldn't understand what he said.
Well, we'll get to you in a minute.
My life and local.
This is 4205 6208.
You weigh in weigh in.
Patients.
All right.
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor.
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor.
With every force in my heart, I'm dreaming of a white neighbor.
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor.
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor.
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor.
1033, that's for Gary who requested it by facts.
Gary, happy holidays to you.
Happy Chinooka by the way.
It marks the first night of Hanukkah.
Everybody's going to be light in the candles.
You're going to be light in your menorah.
I love her.
Would you get me?
You know, it's interesting about you.
Hank is right.
Yeah.
Moe is right.
Yep.
Joe is right.
You're just, you know what you are?
You're a spoiled little rich kid.
Who just refuses to like calm down.
You want, you want to be, it's like you can't get enough attention.
You want to be the center of attention.
Robert Greeper is right and I never thought I would ever say that.
He warned me a long time ago that you're one of these people who always wants to dominate.
You want to be like, hey, here I am.
Ta-da.
You know, look at me.
Here's the beast.
It doesn't mean you're a bad guy, but you just need, and I don't know, I don't think anybody can do it.
It's too late.
It's just like that whole thing with the balance for life and your family force feeding you.
They want you to be fat.
They want you to be what you are.
Now maybe you like being what you are.
A fat little tub who wants to be the center of attraction.
Here I am.
Here's the tubby little, in fact, just the name the beast.
You know, I mean, Brian London is a great radio name.
I was thinking about that the other day.
I agree.
If your real name was like Jaime Lipschitz or something like that, I could see you change your name to the beast or whatever.
But Brian London is a great radio name.
But the beast, you want to be the beast.
You want to be this fat little tubby schmoo who's like in the middle of the room and just is falling all over everybody.
No matter even if you try to go off into the corner of the room and you avoid you, you find like an elephant in a Chinese shop.
You can't get out of your way.
See what I'm saying?
I see what you're saying.
Doesn't make you a bad person, but it makes you a real pain in the ass.
And as far as Hank's question, which I didn't hear, but you repeated to me about how he wants to know why I put you on here, Hank, if you look around the building and see the plethora of warm bodies that don't exist, we don't have like a lot of choices.
Okay, I'm not saying that beast is there by default, even though he is.
We don't have like a whole lot of choices when George is on vacation.
George isn't the other room.
They're sitting getting his thing wet just to barely has any clue what they'll all up from down yet because we keep changing people in there every five minutes.
See, I keep telling the audience and they think that it's sick that I'm joking about it.
This is a business.
This is a radio and I say that loosely.
This is a place that just refuses to come down to worth.
If you'd like to have a little bit of stability, the audience, this is the only station I've ever worked at where the lineup every day is written in pencil.
They faxed to me a lineup written in pencils so that I can erase it and change the names.
In fact, look at this.
We got Curtis Stevenson for the Mad Dog Day, which Curtis is a nice job.
He's a good guy, but every day we've got who's on first, who's on second, what time is Mo on?
When is who's going to be doing eight to 10?
Is Joe permanent yet? Is a for real coming back?
All this other stuff.
The audience don't like that.
Not just our audience, any audience.
Like I told you the other day, Ralph Rennick was number one in news in South Florida for how many years?
About 100 years. Not because he was good, even.
And there would be people who would say the same about me.
And they're entitled to their opinion. That's fine. I don't care.
But stability, when you're in the same time slot, even if it's on a different station, if you have any drawing power, if you've been around and at six o'clock at night or six thirty, they can turn on the news.
And there's Dan Rather. There's Tom Brocaw, whoever the hell it is they like.
There was Ralph Rennick at six. They like that. It's a comfort zone.
It's like when I turn on CFT on news and I watch Dave Devall doing the weather at six twenty five every night.
I know he's going to be there. I know he's going to give me to five day forecast.
I know tonight it's going to be like minus thirteen Celsius and freezing our ass off.
And I know what's going on. You see what I'm saying?
There's a comfort zone that people like.
QAM doesn't have. QAM has what you call a discomfort zone.
All the discomfort all the time. That's what we specialize in.
Constantly shuffling the deck and sure end up and the best part of the whole deal is we've got no competition. That's the best part.
None.
This last trend that just came out. I looked for WRFX for Fox Sports.
I had to get a magnifying glass to find their number.
It was like looking for my penis.
I had to get a goddamn Mont Palimar telescope to find their number. That's how bad they are. They have nobody listen.
And then the best part of the deal is now there are rumors that ESPN is going to put a station on and so forth.
Oh, that's just what we need is another sports station.
The only positive thing that might happen is some of those chronic caller nerds might find someplace else to go.
We get them off our air.
Nope.
I mean, I'm serious. There is no reason.
And I caught in the reason for it is poor management at all levels.
The idea that our people are so weak need that they just sit back and they let the people on the air or the producers who ever put the same people on the air all over.
How can a guy get on the air three times in the same data?
Now we get some of our cranks on because we do the screenless thing. That's okay. That's stick.
They're on for like five seconds. Three seconds.
You want to see?
Sir.
WQM. Hello.
See?
There you go.
That's one.
I don't know.
That was some asshole.
I don't know. He had the phone up his ass. I don't know what he was doing.
But that's a good example. See that's entertaining.
But here are some of these same people over and over and over again.
We need somebody to take the bullshmit by the horns in this place and say, hey listen.
Maybe have a meeting with these people and sit them down and say, you know,
something nobody wants to hear those same 15 people every day.
It's getting really effing ponderous.
Anyway, here's our poll that we're taking now. And I'm going to say it again.
Blame me because if you know if it's a bad day, if it rains or if it's cloudy, it's Niels fault.
We used to have a t-shirt. It's Niels fault. Niels fault. And with a whole bunch of things underneath it.
That you know have nothing to do with me, but blame it on me.
I got big fat shoulders.
Why do you think Niels audience appears to be shrinking?
Now I put all these on there to give everybody a chance to take their shot.
Now the thing about how to touch with South Florida, which is a favorite Tom Jicolini.
Yes, I saw your article, your question and answers for Sunday, Tom, who mentions me again in there.
Tom is sucking up. I want to do any good, Tom.
The interesting part about all of that is September when I was up here doing the show
the entire month we had a gigantic radio in September, big to the roof, huge.
No, November, where was I in November?
In the middle of November, wasn't I there the week that Pharrell got canned?
Yes. I was right there in South Florida. I was not only in touch. I was touching it.
That's how close I was. I could reach out and touch it, not that I wanted to.
And November, we had a disastrous death knell month of number.
So if you want to use that as an excuse, which isn't very original,
it's repeating from Tom Jicol, go right ahead, feel free because it's on the poll.
Why do you think the else audience appears to be shrinking?
Here are the choices. He's not a touch with South Florida.
He's too liberal, too anti-bush. And by the way, that is never going to change.
I'm going to say it again. If anything, I'm going to be more anti-bush, more militant.
This is the most crooked family from the top down that ever was ever in America.
He's too old. He needs a new wardrobe.
Pharrell's firing pissed off the audience.
Too much mole bashing, which I know is too much mole bashing.
Doesn't seem to be doing too well. So we got two votes.
The show is too noisy again. And the ratings are wrong. The audience is still there.
We got a bunch of votes on there already.
In the meantime, I just want to say this about the show is too noisy.
See, stop and think about this. The people who listen to Pharrell, you know, the punks, the wise guys.
Those people aren't, if you'll notice on our website that the requests for pages are about the same every day.
You want to know why those are the people who read the bedtime stories.
Those are the segment of the audience who want to find out what's going on in the world.
And by the way, Eric, I apologize. They're like 36 different stories.
I never do that many, but I just got carried away too much good stuff.
Sorry, Eric. But those are the people that really pay attention to that part of our website.
The rest of the people are people who want to look at the funny pictures.
They want to look, you think that the people who listen to Pharrell, this is an example.
Yeah. Do you think that the day that I announced that we had the picture of Rumsfeld shaking hands with Sodom Hussein from 83?
Do you think that they went there to see that? No.
No. Did you go there to see that? Yes.
Is he got his legs crossed again?
What do you mean? One thing I love about you is like when you try to cross your legs, you rule over like a shmoo.
You rule over on the floor and just start rolling down a hall like a bowling ball.
You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy. You're a big boy
I just don't understand all of this talk about Chonaka I got a chocolate brown top up try it It's concert in part by Goldberg fake let's dance the horror
I'd like to menorah. What do you say? No, it's 1045 to 560 W.Q. A. and we have 162 votes already the pulled just went up there sure time to go they
Emotional about this I voted. Now see one of the things that should be pretty obvious, and that is that those people please don't
think that I'm that stupid I'm unaware of it.
What did you vote?
I have said it's all about your wardrobe.
That must be it.
The people that are gone, they're not going to be voting
because they're not there, say.
I have figured that out.
So this is strictly congested here on the part of the rest
of the people, the 10% of the audience that we still have left.
Why do you think the deal's audience appears
to be shrinking like the beast's penis?
174 votes.
The ratings are wrong.
The audience is still there, 96, 55.1%.
That's just over half.
He's too liberal to anti-bush 21.
The show is too newsy again, 15.
He's out of touch with South Florida, 15.
Pharrell's firing pissed off the audience, 15.
He needs a new wardrobe, six.
I'll work on that.
Too much mole-bashing three.
Absolutely.
And he's too old three.
Oh, that's what we got so far.
Tom Jicca writes.
And he will write his questions and answers on a Sunday
and a Sun Sentinel.
Here's one of the questions in his column.
Are there any plans for an FM talk radio station
in the Miami area?
Tom answers.
This is an idea that's been kicked around for years.
However, the strongest voice in favor
has been Neil Rogers, who's locked into WQM and AM station
for what amounts to the rest of his career.
Absolutely correct.
Tom.
The thinking among station managers
is that the rich sound of FM is too valuable to waste on talk,
ignoring the fact that there are successful FM talk stations
and other markets.
But before there can be an FM talk station,
there has to be a full time talk station.
Right now, there isn't a general talk station
with locally based host in the Miami Fort Lauderdale market.
So in other words, there isn't going to be any
because the Miami market is a piece of crap.
And if you listen to what's on FM,
see the people that manage the ownership,
they don't want to pay people to be on FM.
They want all their FM station to be jukeboxes.
They want low price people to do voiceovers,
to read the liner cards and just,
hey, it's 82 along the coast, that crap, you know.
And that's what they got.
And they crank out the worst music and instrument.
Cut even if he could drive around the state of Florida,
even in some of the smaller markets,
like over on the West Coast and up in Orlando,
the FM is a million times better than in South Florida.
FM in South Florida, we talked about it a million times.
It blows. It's awful.
No matter what your musical taste,
you'll find a lot of stations that you'll hate
on the FM band in the South Florida market.
Except the course for the beast favorite,
WVUM, not only.
Well, who the hell does?
I wonder is Rosie still on there?
And I don't want to talk about him anymore, please.
56705 60 will pick some calls here
before I got a lot of Michael Jackson droppings.
Got that Hinckley Bush.
The story about the Hinckley family
and the Bush families on our website,
by the way, nice going Eric, thank you.
And also the Michael Moore piece.
Miami, Ask the county voters to approve
a sales tax from Arlan Stadium.
I'm all for it.
Go ahead and pay for it.
I live in Broward, thank you.
Have a good time.
I think, like I said, they ought to build a stadium
and a arena on every other street corner.
And then when turning into white elephants
like the old Miami arena.
And then, and then of course, just like the Broward,
the Macarena.
That's your turn to team around, didn't it?
That's your, they got a packet in their Feroz hockey games,
doesn't it?
No.
Which we got the Dallas stars at the Panthers tonight.
It's going to be packed, isn't it?
No.
But build it and they won't come.
Miami TV station suspends program
after I commit with Castro.
See, this is what I'm up against.
I have no idea how I've survived this many years
in a market where nobody speaks English.
It's just, it's phenomenal.
WQAN.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
I take a request for Christmas.
Absolutely.
What can we do for you, sir?
Could you play the one where the guy called you gay?
I think George.
Ha, ha, ha.
That's what I mean.
He's great.
It's Reverend Jones.
He's the best.
You're gay.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
And George, who has no sense of him,
we're just stood, don't like him at all.
Lighten up a little bit, George.
George will be noon to two with our best of the merchant.
I said, for a lot of day, I'll hardly on federal highway
just south of Oakland Park Boulevard,
free food from our good friend Ira at Atlantic City Sub's.
And you can win prizes by spinning the wheel.
And you can tell George that you don't listen to the station
anymore because, well, got fired.
And everybody, I mean, that had to be the most inane thing
I've ever heard in my life.
Although it is a pretty interesting coincidence
that right on the heels of his getting canned,
following that week, are the hits on a website
just dropped off the end of the word.
Like everybody went away.
Like we pissed off the audience one last time
and they said, OK, that's it.
We can't take no more.
Absolutely.
You know what I'm saying?
I know what you're saying.
Like you can keep jerking around so much.
And then finally they say, no more.
They can't take it.
That's it.
We just had it, especially mode.
But what can I tell you?
It's like the same idiots that won't go to a Marlins game now
because of what happened seven years ago.
Right.
They've always gotten an excuse.
That's the South Florida FNW.
Anyway, they've always got some older.
Well, there's a cloud in the sky.
My rain tonight or the tickets are too expensive.
It's amazing how those tickets weren't too expensive
when it got to be latent of the playoffs in the world series.
Then all of a sudden they were clamming all over each other.
The sky was the limit.
Say, then they had a heaven.
Right.
It's always an excuse town.
It's a bush-league place and always will be.
So if there's anybody who think that I've got a crappy attitude
about South Florida, you're right.
Because it's a bush-league place.
Maybe that's why there's so many angry people there
because part of them is very frustrated for the fact
that they have to be there like their prisoners,
like Patrick McGuin.
211 votes.
Why do you think Neil's audience appears to be shrinking?
The ratings are wrong.
The audience is still there.
120, 56.8%.
He's too liberal.
Too anti-bushed.
25.
The show is too newsy again.
19.
Why are you so newsy?
I'll never forget that guy.
He was good.
Real New York, New York type.
Why are you so newsy?
He's out of touch with South Florida 15.
Yeah, touch this.
For else firing pissed off the audience.
Only 15 on that.
So you and Miguel are full of crap.
If the audience could only hear the kind of stuff that
they see, I have very little respect for people
who tell a good tale off the ear.
And I realize there's some things obviously
that we can't see on the ear.
But who talk crap off the ear.
But then as soon as the light comes on
and we're back on the ear again.
Oop, you know, it's playing that little sound again.
Now that's full crap.
Who does that?
You do it all the time.
George does it all the time too.
George, on the other hand,
has got a wife and family to support.
One kid which he wanted and one he didn't.
And then of course your case,
you're a fat little spoiled rich kid.
So what do you have to worry about?
You get canned tomorrow.
You're going to be out on the street?
No.
No.
You're going to be missing any meals?
No.
So what do you have to worry about?
You're starting to remind me of Robert Gryper a little bit.
Like you want to be a career?
No, no, seriously.
I know that's a real shot.
It's intended as one.
Like you want to be a career QA and flunky.
Is that what you want your life to be?
No.
What did you do with your life?
When you're 70 years old,
what did you do with your life, Mr. London?
Well, I was a flunky.
And you're a good one.
You're talking about J. Rochiech yesterday
doing a P.A. at the Hurricane Games.
You're going to be just like him.
You're going to be just like him.
Unless you butcher up.
See the silence?
See that?
Nothing.
No response.
I asked you what you wanted for me today
and you said not much.
I want a response when somebody else...
Actually, someone just emailed me and said,
why is Neil making fun of you?
And I said he's not.
He's actually telling the truth.
I'm telling them exactly the way...
Oh yeah, I see Neil's a bad guy.
Neil makes stuff up.
Bull crap.
I tell it the way it is.
I call him the way I see him.
And there are some people who can't handle that.
There's some.
One thing I cannot stand in this world is
Aslicker's man.
Cannot stand it.
Hate it.
Brackum.
The old rimmers.
Oh, speaking of rimmer.
Yeah.
WQA, and hello.
What's up, Neil?
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
I think you still had the shoulders
of both your competition down here, Neil.
I mean, the only thing that I don't like is
I think you're definitely getting a little too newsy again.
I mean, this news is okay,
but I think you need to edit them a little more.
Like, they do in the Howard Stern Show.
Keep them lighter.
You know, because we don't need to listen
to the whole article.
Yeah.
Well, you know, if I had a staff like Howard does
and if I could, you know, have people like...
But I don't want to sound like a prima donna here.
But how many hours did they could I spend?
About 30, man.
Editing stuff out.
Like, right now I got a pile of crap here.
Like, you wouldn't even believe.
Let George be your editor.
Yeah.
Well, you have got a good sense of humor.
What time is yours, you want?
Have a great holiday, pal.
All right.
Thanks.
There's a little...
He looked my ass a little bit.
You don't have 30 people, you know,
editing your copy and...
About 30, man.
No.
Michael Jackson formally charged.
And he's right.
I don't need...
In fact,
well, now this story from the inquiries
not on her, I will read this later in its entirety.
And the thing about John Hinckley
and about the Bush family,
it's long.
And I feel it's very important,
but it is on our website.
See, that is the one dilemma.
That's the one thing I cannot decide.
And that kind made a good point.
Well, that was good.
Wow.
Wasn't it powerful?
Yeah.
And it felt just as good as it sounded.
You know, the Michael Jackson thing is not all that long,
but it needs to be read.
It needs to be read.
You got it?
Yeah.
Just like the thing between your legs.
It needs to be read,
but in your case, you can't find it.
So how did the date turn out?
I don't want to hear about it.
I'm just joking.
I don't want to hear about it.
I don't want to know from it.
It's nobody's business.
I will say this.
I'm sure that I did a lot better last night than you did,
but that's none of your business either.
Huh?
I don't want to know about that.
Good.
Why not?
I know the thought of it makes you just noisious.
I have to eat lunch later.
Okay.
What did Scott and I hear that?
Unbelievable.
Oh, and I got a great column by Jimmy Brezlin's
Sodom on Lipsid Ground Zero.
I'm going to read it right now.
Okay.
I don't care what that guy said.
I'm going to read this right now.
Jimmy Brezlin's great in the, uh, in news day.
He says the guy from the tour bus
stood in the center of a crowd in winter hats and announced
this used to be called Ground Zero.
We don't use that anymore.
We now call it the World Trade Center.
Behind him yesterday was the Russian steps.
Brooding and empty would nothing to stop the icy wind coming off the river.
In the wild, exulting over the capture of a defeated man,
Hussein, you think that the trade center wouldn't be as
continually and vigorously inspected by sightseers
after all Hussein had nothing to do with us.
Been laudinous, your man.
Yet small crowds such as this one with their tour guide
get it through the afternoon for the length of the fence looking out
that the famous and frozen real estate.
Each person you spoke to and they were from all over the country
were pleased that the new trade center would be the world's tallest building.
And they were also supremely happy because Sodom Hussein had something to do
with blowing up the twin towers.
Here was a woman in the cold.
Linda Jacob standing with her husband Ken from Newport,
news Virginia saying he probably did.
Who knows, but he probably did.
Her husband said, oh yeah, he was in on it.
A couple from Knoxville, Tennessee, Elaine and Will agreed.
I believe it was on some level.
She said he was around there someplace.
The husband said that he hips and Antonio.
Of course Sodom was responsible.
I was out there for some time taking notes and hometowns.
There was all the same.
Sodom is been laudinous.
To thaw out, I went into the Burger King on the corner of Liberty
in church where Mary Garcia 53 was behind the counter
and looking out the big window and right at the trade center
and the people there to look at it.
For me, Hussein did it.
The other guy too.
These people both is together in Iraq and the
these people both is together in Iraq and the trade center.
Garcia said, if Sodom don't do nothing,
then why he go into a hole because he's afraid we catch him
for the world trade center they did with bin Laden.
The both of them together, she said.
She said she has a son in Iraq, Sergeant Peter Garcia.
He was from Italy.
They sent him to Iraq.
He's married already in Italy.
His wife doesn't stay at the base in Italy.
She goes home to Puerto Rico with the baby.
Yesterday I get up in the morning.
I hear they caught this Sodom.
I go, oh, thank you, God.
Thank you.
How happy could you make me now?
Maybe my son comes home.
It's a rule of mine not to use the man on the street interviews,
but this was so unanimous and forceful.
I had to listen.
And as I did, I could hear George Bush and his people all saying,
we went and got Sodom because it's better to fight
terrorists in Iraq than in Manhattan.
No matter that Sodom had nothing to do with the attack,
there were 15 Saudi Arabians who went on the suicide attack.
Then immediately the FBI gathered up.
Those members have been laudinous,
crawling family who were in America,
and got them on planes to Switzerland.
And soon the Saudi Arabian prince was at Waco,
Texas for an amiable day with Bush.
How could you not blame Sodom with saying for everything?
He murdered his own yesterday.
He was going to kill all of us with nuclear weapons.
I know they're there, Bush announced.
There was nothing nuclear about Sodom hiding his hole.
There was no anthrax, no smallpox, just rats and lice.
But the unmistakable feeling is more and more of American people
will consider Sodom who's saying a partner in terror with Osama bin Laden
and that it was a wonderful thing we did going to word a catch one of them.
This belief in two enemies probably is going to be welcome
by Larry Silverstein, the builder who by mouth alone
has made it appear that he owns the land,
the buildings, the sky above in the water below.
Silverstein has three and a half billion dollars
coming as insurance for the raid.
He contends that there were two separate attacks,
one on tower one, a second one on tower two.
Therefore he wants to be paid double seven billion.
The insurance companies involved are inclined to do battle
without the double insurance payment.
People around him say he won't be able to build a front stoop
to a building made of thin air.
Two attacks, Larry says.
Larry, it's the world cent trade center attack he's told,
including by judges and early ruins that were least ominous for Silverstein.
Perhaps there was a chance in the freezing area yesterday
he can claim that Osama bin Laden made one attack on a tower
and then Sodom who's saying suicide bombers went to the second tower.
Two people, two attacks, two payments.
My God, your breaths are beautiful.
Congratulations, get alive.
There's no cheese or light for Hanukkah.
Go down the block the houses are darker.
The Abyssin, we the Christian on.
The Saunus, nothing but a Chondin.
For eight nights we light lights.
When the center be committed and might.
All we get to light is on the door at eight of Benchikrits.
But Simda told us our holiday is really such a porous life.
Tell them not to avoid.
All we get to light is on the door at eight of Benchikrits.
Simda told us our holiday is really such a porous life.
Tell them not to avoid.
It's the heart for us to go shopping.
We don't know when Hanukkah is happening.
What is the date?
All we too late.
You can almost hear them go.
Now come on, what are we supposed to do?
So you think it seems you'd get guests when we only pay wholesale?
All we get to light is on the door at eight of Benchikrits.
Simda told us our holiday is really such a porous life.
Tell them not to avoid.
All we get to light is on the door at eight of Benchikrits.
Simda told us our holiday is really such a porous life.
Tell them not to avoid.
1104 happy Channukkah to you.
Here's some good news for all your people downloading all that music.
A federal appeals court today rejected efforts by the recording industry
to compel the nation's internet providers to identify
subscribers accused of illegally distributing music online.
Can I make you feel better?
Yeah.
And safer?
No.
In a substantial setback for the industry's controversial anti-piracy campaign,
the three-judge panel from the US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
overturned a ruling by the trial judge to enforce a copyright subpoena.
US District Judge John Bates had approved use of the subpoena by Hanukkah.
So there you go for the time being your hostess clear.
Have a good weekend to downloading.
Michael Jackson needs downloading a lot.
All to spend all the time.
California prosecutors formally filed charges yesterday against Michael Jackson in the case
stemming from allegations of a list of the Kansas-Tricken boy invited to his Neverland range.
Jackson was charged with nine counts, seven of child molestation and two of
registering an intoxicating agent for the purpose of committing a felony.
And the interesting part of this is it sounds like that Jesus juice all over again,
which is exactly what it is, wine in the soda can, which the kids drank through a straw.
Just like, and it's really also amazing that these people don't seem to read the national
inquiry because the inquiry had that part of it long before anybody else, just like they had the rush
story before anybody else.
And the stuff in Vegas that the villa behind the Marage, how come there I'm talking about that yet?
About the boy parties after Michael motorcycle who he wants to come back to answer these charges.
What a bunch of crap. This mark here goes. He he looks slimy. You know what I mean?
The mustache, the whole thing. He looks like a real slimy attorney to me.
I just got a snippet of that interview of Larry King last night.
A snippet? Yeah. Did you just snip it? Yeah. And they were talking, oh, you was ruffled up in jail,
and they put them in the restroom, and they made them smell urine, and then all this stuff.
Yeah, smellless. I guarantee you smell worse than that. According to his maids, they worked at Neverland.
He used to like not change his underwear. He used to poop in his pants and he was too lazy to go to the
crapper. That wasn't that book, the onoff. And you know, really interesting how you can't find
that book. It's out of print now. The unauthorized biography of Michael Jackson. You can go on
Amazon.com and I think for like 50 Cent or something, you can get a used copy. Right.
But we're all supposed to have Alzheimer's and forget all the stuff that was revealed years ago
about the crap that was going on and about Latoya screaming in the Ellen about how he was a
pervert, and she found all those canceled sex that he paid off. All the parents and millions and
millions to shut them up, make them go away. And here's Giro goes on here and Larry King.
Aha.
Sucking their ass, him in that germane, you know, germane wants on a gravy train. That's what
it's all about. Speed of gravy. Korky's here. Well, congratulations. Yeah. I'd mention that.
Happy. Well, that's because they like the hopper over so much. Who would be like you? No, they don't.
They like you. People used to like me. Okay, I'd listen. I can handle it doesn't bother me. I like
the money. I take the checks right to the bank. They go in. I'm doing just fine. Life is sweet. I'm
top of the heat forever, man.
It's just one of those things.
I used to be a real popular guy.
Corkeys used to like me, Miguel used to like me.
Now I'm just a sorry broken old man, you know?
Tell you what those things.
It's your wardrobe.
It's that crappy wardrobe.
In fact, I'm sitting here in my boxers shorts.
My plaid boxers shorts, I look lovely.
Want me to get mine too?
No, please don't.
So what do they bring?
Viscuit and potato pancakes.
I haven't seen it, but I'll blow up.
I can't get a biscuit, let's just give it a box.
Viscuit, it's a good thing I'm not there
because if anybody does not need to eat it's me.
Boy, I just bloomed up.
Like I do.
No, not like you.
No.
And this is the last thing you need too,
but since you bake for it, I want the audience to know
that this fat little tub who supposedly was trying
to lose weight, that he went out of his way and called,
personally called our friends at Corkeys
and practically begged for them to bring in potato pancakes.
I didn't have to bake too hard, they were more than willing.
Well, I'm sure they were for the free plugs.
And why the hell not?
I could use some plugs.
Brack them.
Yeah, after you pick out, we can probably give you one.
Believe me.
Josh is going to have to run out of the hallway
once you start letting loose.
So anyway, enjoy your impact,
what you haven't seen yet, it's outside.
Right, yeah.
Yeah, I should.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, we got the Michael Jackson
and his kids that were fathered by an anonymous sperm donor.
Hinkley and the Bush family friend,
I don't know whether to read that or not
because it is after all a very important show.
I am going to read the Michael Mork piece.
See, they got it called before he's a good caller,
he likes to show and I don't want to like the argumentative,
but this is not the Howard Stern show.
Okay, Howard Stern makes more money in a month
than I make in 10 years.
All right, he's got 800 million stations.
I don't have any delusions of grandeur.
I do the best that I can nor do I have any desire
of emulating even though I've been accused of it over the years
of imitating emulating.
This isn't the Howard Stern junior shoulder.
Plenty of those wannabes believe me on the year,
including when I was talking about a little while ago,
but I want to go into that.
Plenty of Howard wannabes.
So I do a show that and I was thinking about this just yesterday
when those numbers came out this show,
there isn't another show in a country like this show.
And maybe part of the problem is we try to do too many things,
but I'm certainly not going to do the one dimensional thing
and just go to that like Randy Rhodes,
type of girl, we're going to say all that other
old time or light bulb, right?
It's dead, it's history.
I'm not going to change the world on some horse ball station
with a crap signal.
In Miami, we're happy to people don't speak English
and the other half are functionally illiterate
and the other half are going, give me the ball,
give me the ball, give me the ball,
how about that J. Feeder and Dave Wantsett
Wantsett and Feeder and Feeder and Wantsett?
Man, that stuff just makes me gag.
God, if that's your life, get with it.
How's Brian Greasey doing?
Oh my God, he keeps falling down.
BELL RINGS
We haven't figured out the reason why he just keeps falling down.
He's putting the ball on the ground, falling down.
Oh, look at the votes on this pool, man.
See, they love this.
They love it and it doesn't bother me.
I like giving them an opportunity to event, you know?
Let them all hang out, hang it.
Why do you think the audience appears to be shrinking?
294 votes in less than an hour.
This could be another one of those record breakers.
And let me ask you this, if the audience is all gone,
it was this week, wasn't it earlier in the week
that we broke the record,
we had over 900 votes in one day?
Yes.
During the show.
Right, yeah.
9.4, yeah.
Well, so where the hell is everybody?
I don't know.
I mean, they must be there somewhere.
Maybe they're not listening, they're just not listening.
They're just monitoring on the website.
Right, must be it, huh?
Yeah.
294 votes.
The ratings are wrong.
The audience is still there 162, 55.1%.
Well, that's, you know, that's nice.
It's more than half.
If that doesn't sound too reassuring, does it?
By the suckups.
Yeah.
Oh, oh, oh.
He's too liberal, too anti-bush, 41, 13.9%.
And for those people, let me say it again.
The most corrupt family in American history,
the Bush family, okay?
Buch, buch, buch.
Crooks.
Or just changed again.
304, holy crap.
170, say the audience is still there.
Neil, pat the old man on the head.
Just relax.
Everything will be just fine.
56%.
42 is too liberal, too anti-buch.
The show is too newsy again.
Too much reading is what they're trying to say.
26, too newsy.
He's not a touch with South Florida.
22 is too busy touching it.
For else firing pissed off the audience.
22.
He needs a new wardrobe 11, which is true.
Too much mole bashing seven.
Absolutely, absolutely.
And he's too old for out of 304.
Over 300 votes in less than an hour.
That is pretty even.
I'm impressed with that.
It takes a lot to impress me.
Don't you think it's Joe and Mark are doing their thing.
They're a toy driver.
They're going to call in.
What time did you say?
They're on the ice.
The end so they can come on anytime, I think.
Well, I don't want them to come on now,
because we had to do the break.
Okay.
If we came on now, they don't have like a few seconds.
Why would you like me to schedule that?
Maybe I have to ski.
You have to.
I want to make sure that they're awake and listening.
They're listening right now.
They're listening to see what kind of
cross the comments you're going to make about them again.
Okay, you're just jealous because they got their own show.
And that's what your whole song today is.
Is why don't you admit it?
You're jealous.
I am sure that a show between two to five.
They had a seven-year-in-a-last book overnight.
They were a great lead in for mole.
Even he agrees with that.
Absolutely.
You're just jealous that they're like stars
and you just they want to be.
You're just a little suckling that waffles around
even free food.
That is very true.
Yeah.
I am jealous.
Well, there you go.
I wanted to be on their show.
They wouldn't let me be on it.
I've held a grudge against the whole show.
That was a good choice.
I know.
That was a good choice.
Now, they get rid of that other crap they got on there to,
you know, see if they want to look,
if they want to have a lot of people listening
and probably shouldn't tell them this,
but the FCC rules are different overnight.
You do know that.
Yes.
After 10 PM or whatever.
The, when all the kids are safely asleep,
so they don't have to hear this perversion.
They can just put on the audio from like Playboy TV.
It's time to be in town.
The record companies have been all over the clubs.
I watched Lollipop Guild get signed in my lobby just last week.
Yeah, they could put the audio on from Playboy TV.
Probably get a 30-year.
It was fun yesterday.
But third, man.
It's always fun, but just make sure you keep your finger
real close to it.
What a real cool.
We're sports radio 5CC.
2 AM.
Absolutely.
Maybe it's when they see that we're lacking in the form.
They provide a headline that will lead you by the form.
You say, you say, it's the one you get.
Now they have only one ticket.
They don't love.
Don't forget about sugar.
We got it.
That way we'll put it in place.
We got it.
We won't let that get so hot.
We got it.
That is the sport you get.
You say, not a level is what they got you to believe.
You can't get any government, but a home party kind of can be.
You believe what they say, like they're going to fall.
Like they're falling on school.
As they unite, the scary are safe to the cool.
We're cool.
We'll be a lecturer.
We got a...
Oh, right.
We should start it again.
We got a...
Get down on your knees.
We got a...
We're chillin'
We got it.
We got them, baby.
1119 at 560 WQ.
I'm happy Friday to.
Happy Chinooka, Merry Christmas to have a new year.
Great, Michael Moore column.
You can go to Michaelmore.com or find it on theoranges.com.
And guess what?
I'm going to read it.
Oh, no, you're not going to do that, are you?
Can't you edit it down a little bit?
No.
That guy did have a good point.
It would be nice to have a staff who would edit things out.
Like when you fast me the thing about Hinkley and the Bush family yesterday
was like, all this joint.
I'm in the middle of a show and I'm trying to be a five-page article.
And it really just was astonishing.
I thought in breathtaking.
But it's just impossible because there's like words missing in pages missing.
Follow what I'm saying.
If you pay me, I'll do it.
No.
Okay.
So later at my leisure time I went online and I found a website which...
What was it, Germany in the...
Something?
Sure.
And it was damn good.
Anyway, Michael Moore writes, we finally got our Frankenstein and he was in a spider hole.
He said, thank God Sodom is finally back in American hands.
He must have really missed us.
Man, he sure looked bad.
But at least he got a free dental exam today that's something most Americans can't get.
America used to like Sodom.
We loved him.
We funded him.
We alarmed him.
We helped him gas or any in troops.
But then he screwed up.
He invaded the dictatorship of Kuwait and in doing so did the worst thing imaginable.
He threatened an even better friend of ours, the dictatorship of Saudi Arabia and its vast oil reserves.
The Bushes and the Saudi world family were and our close business partners
and Sodom back in 1990 committed a world blunder by getting a little too close to their wealthy holdings.
Things went downhill for Sodom from there.
But it wasn't always that way.
Sodom was our good friend and ally.
We supported his regime.
It wasn't the first time we helped him or the murderer.
We liked playing Dr. Frankenstein.
We created a lot of monsters, the Shah of Iran, Somozah of Nicaragua,
PenuShed of Chile, and then we expressed ignorance or shock when they ran a muck and massacred people.
We liked Sodom because he was willing to fight the Iatola.
So we made sure that he got billions of dollars to purchase weapons, weapons of mass destruction.
That's right, he had them.
We should know.
We gave them to him.
We allowed an encouraged American corporations to do business with Sodom in the 1980s.
That's how we got chemical and biological agents,
so we could use them in chemical and biological weapons.
Here's the list of some of the stuff we sent him according to a 94 U.S. Senate report.
Vasilis Antrakis, cause of anthrax,
Phosphidium-botulinum, a source of botulinum toxin,
histoplasmockepsalatum, a cause of a disease attacking the lungs, brain, spinal cord, and heart,
brussella-menal tenses, a bacteria that can damage major organs,
clostridium-perferingins, whatever it is, a highly toxic bacteria,
causing systemic illness, and clostridium tetania, highly toxicogenic substance.
Here are some of the American corporations who helped to prop Sodom up by doing business with them.
AT&T, Bectel, Caterpillar, Dow, Chemical, DuPont, Kodak, Hula Packard, and IBM.
For a full list of companies and descriptions of how they helped Sodom, click here.
We're so cozy with dear old Sodom, we decided to feed him satellite images so we could locate where the Iranian troops were.
We pretty much knew he would use the information,
and sure enough, as soon as we sent him to the spy photos, he gasped those troops,
and we kept quiet because he was our friend and the Iranians with the enemy.
A year after he first gasped the Iranians, we reestablished full diplomatic relations with him.
Later, he gasped his own people the courage.
You think that with forces to disassociate ourselves from him?
Congress tried to impose economic sanctions on Sodom,
but the Reagan White House quickly rejected that idea.
They wouldn't let anything derail their good buddy Sodom.
We had a virtual love fest with this Frankenstein whom we in part created.
And just like the mythical Frankenstein, Sodom eventually spun out of control.
He would no longer do what he was told by his master. Sodom had to be caught.
And now that he's been brought back from the wilderness, perhaps you'll have something to say about his creators.
Maybe we can learn something interesting. Maybe Don Rumsfeld could smile and shake Sodom's hand again,
just like he did when he went to see him in 1983, click here to see the photo.
Maybe we never would have been in the situation where Ian, if Rumsfeld Bush, senior and company,
hadn't been so excited back in the 80s about their friendly monster in the desert.
Meanwhile, anybody know where the guy is who killed 3,000 people in 9-11?
Our other Frankenstein? Maybe he's in a mouse hole.
So many of our little monsters sold a little time before the next election.
Stay strong, Democratic candidates. Quit sounding like a bunch of whooses.
These bastard sent us up to war on the lie, the killing of Mount Stoth.
The Arab world hates this with a passion and will pay for this out of our pockets for years to come.
Nothing that happened today or in the past 9 months has made us one bit safer in our post-9-11 world.
Sodom was never a threat to our national security. Only our desire to play Dr. Frankenstein dooms a saw.
And then he's got a series of links on the bottom of the article.
Since we're looked back to better times of our relationship with Sodom, see the following.
Got a whole bunch of things that you can click on.
The entire article is on our website, Nearodges.com or Michael Moore.com.
Nice going, Mike. You go, boy.
Oh! How come I can't get a guy like Michael Moore to run?
Because he has logic. He's intelligent.
He's too intelligent for the public. He doesn't look like a dodo bird.
Right. They don't want that. They don't want.
Because his last name is in Buch, Buch, Buch.
Is that what it is? Yeah, exactly.
I mean, when you look at Florida, for example, and you see what I hear the governor of the state caught with his tape down,
talking about his devious plans to subvert the world of the electorate on the class size amendment.
And it catches him with these homophobic comments about the bull dikes.
And it makes no difference. In fact, probably got a more votes with a redneck and Florida.
Probably did the better for him.
And that's what you're dealing with. Man, you're dealing with a bunch of dodo birds.
So good luck to you.
Anyway, we're legalizing, colonizing pot here.
Michael Jackson, the blockbuster in the December 30th inquirer, a man,
Michaels lies about his own kids will get to eventually.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon.
Good new website for I should point out. Okay.
Miss leader dot org.
Excellent website.
Miss leader.
MIS LEADER.
White House covers tracks by removing information.
This is also on our website.
Justin Timberlank and in sync band members are racists.
Charges their former tour manager and intimidating out of lawsuit.
Although in the case of Justin Tinkerbell and in sync, I couldn't like them any less than I already like him.
So it doesn't really make any difference.
Another crisis for Roy.
He can't speak his vocal cords are paralyzed.
You know the eye of the tiger?
Yeah.
A little problem there with Roy in his speech.
He's mama.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
So we take an interspersum cause here today.
I want to say her read for four hours.
That would be too newsy.
Yeah, too newsy.
Too newsy.
Want to get a lot of these great calls in here today.
Here a little bit more about Dave one stat, J. Feeler, Brian Greacy, Dan Marino,
the late David Woodley, Earl Moral, WDQAM.
Yeah, what's up, Neil?
Yes, sir. How you doing?
All right. How's it going today?
Okay.
Good. Listen, yesterday I called you because I wanted to remember I asked you a request for that about 31 to a millionaire or whatever.
Yeah.
But I didn't get to play the bit.
I never played the bit. That's right. You're right. My bad.
It's okay because the station went down. Didn't it?
See, that's an old man. I think it was your fault.
It's coming up right after the break.
Okay. Thanks, Neil. Listen.
Time-welling rules.
All right. Bye.
Okay. Butch up.
There's a guy wants a time-welling blow up doll. He'll have to probably borrow who we got in the building that would have a talk.
Oh, what's his name? Carlos. Freaky Carlos out front or maybe Carlos Pequery.
Let's rip him an ass after the way he leaves the studio on Sunday nights.
Hey, Carlos Pequery, you're an idiot, man.
You're a disaster waiting to happen.
26 past 11 and 5 60. Look, there's Vubba on there now. And there's a switlery.
He's from New York. Does heavier lifting? Will she run for his old job?
Hillary.
Rodham.
That's here for Hillary. What do you say? He's the only choice we got.
Let's stick around to him. What do you say?
Huh?
Why don't?
Are you starting to go down on Hillary?
What do you mean?
Speaking of going down on your great new mattress.
So I guess you didn't get your cute little lady to the mattress last night.
No, I'm not like that.
To check out your new king, royal mattress.
Not to do anything like sexual just to kind of like inspect it.
Maybe bounce around on it and see how good it feels.
No, we're up and brown.
And we're dead too.
We're near my house.
Anyway, here's an idea with a time for a holiday shopping run.
You got less than a week for Christmas. Make your gift giving a lot easier this year.
Avoid to park in lots and the parking hassles and log register lines and crowded malls and traffic by calling their friends a dialow mattress.
One easy call, one 800 mattress.
And you can give the gift they'll be thanking you for you and then you're out with a gift certificate in any domination from dialow mattress.
And of course, a new bed for the mask and bedroom makes a perfect gift of the both enjoy for years.
Down to mattress, there's no phone.
It promises no bait and switch just great unbeatable discount prices every day on the top brand names in the world now including.
Steers and foster down mattress has got the guaranteed lowest prices anywhere on Steers and foster he would.
And you still get to pick the day in time for delivery even during this busy holiday season.
Any day of the week seven days from eight a day into 10 p.m.
You pick the two are winter like 11 a.m. to 1 p.m.
No, 2, 1 to 3, etc. And they'll actually be there.
They'll take away the crappy old bedding and they'll set up your brand new one.
No extra charge.
So for service that's unbeatable to what everybody at 2m is doing and all smart people everywhere doing.
Call the vetting experts you can't beat him anywhere at 1 800 mattress.
That's the number to call dial mattress 1 800 M.A.T.T.R.E.S.
Or online it's macriss.com.
Happy holidays from all your good friends at dial a mattress.
I'm an old.
This is for 20 or 560.
QAM.
Why the you best?
Reagan.
A life in letters is the publishing event of the year but letters alone cannot tell the full story of America's greatest president introducing Reagan.
A life in post it notes.
Nancy.
Buy more jelly beans.
P.S.
Red jelly beans.
Good.
Red.
Comeys.
Bad.
No where else could you find such a clear statement of our 40th president's values and opinions then on little yellow squares of paper stuck to the White House fridge.
Nancy.
Please wash my overalls.
Use tide.
P.S.
Not the tide of Marxism that threatens our very way of life.
Reagan.
A life in post it notes.
Chronicles his thoughts on politics, religion and even sat.
The year Nancy.
The Berlin Hall has fallen.
And when I get home, so will that little lace number I bought you for our anniversary.
P.S.
Grail.
Reagan.
A life in post it notes is available at Bordham's books by your copy today and receive the bonus volume Reagan.
A life in grocery list.
Milk.
What else?
Who is it?
Milk.
Eggs.
Milk.
Kiwi chew polish.
Don't forget that running for the year.
1132 at 560 W.A.C.A.M.
How is Joe Mark doing?
Are we going to hear from them or not?
Whatever you want to.
Are they there right now?
We'll see.
They're potted up.
So supposedly you can see.
I don't think they're listening.
They're busy taking toys.
You want me to see if I can call them and.
I'm going to give them a window of opportunity.
If they don't pipe up, they're not listening to the show.
If they miss their opportunity, it's one of those things.
Unless you reach out and grab the brass ring, it just zips right on by.
See what I'm saying?
Okay, close that pot up.
They're not there.
That was their chance for this hour.
Anyway, don't forget George will be a new attitude today for Lauderdale Harley on Federal Highway.
Even though it's his vacation this week, he needs the money.
He needs the money badly.
And it's just south of Oakland Park Boulevard on Federal Highway.
You can win some, you are usual, very, very embarrassing QM prizes and enjoy free food from Atlantic City Sub's where I ever make the difference.
What's on the agenda day?
We got Curtis Stevenson for the mad dog at two.
The Humper, the Allowed will be on it for who hates you like Poisonous Matter, right?
Including the Dave Wants that show.
This will be one of the very last Dave Wants that shows I should point out between five and six.
Panther preview at seven.
Panther is hosting the very, very boring Dallas Stars at seven thirty.
And he kept it a hockey game in the SPN radio overnight.
That's the lineup.
It's in pencil, but that's the lineup for right now.
Five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five, sixty, any phenomenal response on that poll.
Look at that.
That's more people than I thought we had listened to the whole audience.
Can you believe that?
Two hundred ninety six, four more votes till four hundred and just over an hour.
Why do you think the audience appears to be shrinking?
If you want with us yesterday, the trends came out for September, October, November.
And our month of November was like like everybody in this audience died.
Like they just vanished like the plague like stars was coming through the radio.
Maybe they were all getting their flu shots.
No.
The ratings are wrong.
The audience is still there.
Two twenty four fifty six and a half percent.
He's too liberal.
Two anti bush fifty five.
See now I could debate each one of these points since I'm going to want to vote the poll in the first place.
But I want to give them a chance, you know, for an opinion.
But the fact that it matters in September when we had that gigantic rating was I just as anti bush then.
Because I just as bush bashing then.
Because I just as liberal then.
Or I said, I just mentioned that, but that's cute.
The show is two newsy again, thirty three, two newsy.
Like that thing I just read by Michael Moore, who would want to hear that, right?
How come you're so newsy?
He's out of touch with South Florida, twenty eight.
Forals firing pissed off the audience twenty seven.
Not enough about the big D in a big rack.
He needs a new wardrobe, twelve, too much more vashing eleven.
And he's too old six out of three ninety six.
I bet you've clicked that again.
We get four hundred.
You know, and just in a whisper of time.
Right.
And believe that in like an hour and ten minutes we get three ninety nine.
Like I said, next one.
Next one.
Jackson's credibility in doubt, even as he tries to discredit his accusers.
Let me say it again that that whitewash last night.
That's spin that's spin cycle with Mark Giragos and Germain.
That was so freaking pathetic.
And now his scumbag family, mommy and daddy, drunken daddy, Joe and all that.
Oh, he never stole a freight train. He's a fine young man.
He never did these things.
And it's just terrible what they're trying to do to our son Michael.
Right.
While still reading this is from the December 30th National Enquirer, the Bible.
While still reading from his arrest and child molestation charges, Michael Jackson is now been caught in lies about his own children.
The singers consistently maintain that he is the biological father of his son, Prince Michael the sixth, and his daughter, Paris V,
both delivered by his former wife, Debbie Roe.
But a Jackson family and son and others have come forward to challenge his claim saying the children were conceived by an anonymous son.
And Michael was caught in an obvious lie when he gave conflicting accounts of the birth of his third child, Prince Michael the second, the boy Michael calls blanket.
Jackson's credibility could become a major issue as he faces the child molestation charges.
The singers' attorneys have tried to cast out on the credibility of his accuser and his family, but revelations of Jackson's lies about his children could destroy his own believability.
In the Martin Bashir documentary that aired on TV in February, Jackson stated that he had a relationship with blanket's mother who wanted to remain anonymous.
But at another point in the same documentary, he claimed he never met blanket's mother, but his sperm was used to fertilize her egg and she became a surrogate mother.
Jackson was so concerned about the way the Bashir documentary was edited that he took the unusual step of working with Fox TV to present a special called Michael Jackson Take 2, the interview they wouldn't show you, which was hosted by Mori Povic.
The Fox special featured an exchange that wasn't seen in the original airing of the documentary Bashir asked, and would you like to have more children as you have done with the other three, you know, by getting a surrogate mother?
Jackson responded, well, the first two, Prince and Paris were from Debbie, which was natural conception, no, and Bashir interrupted.
You had sex with Debbie? Jackson, yes.
Jackson's contradicting statements regarding the way his kids were conceived caught on tape could be used by prosecutors to portray him as a liar if he testifies in the molestation case.
Attorney Bryant Oxman represents the Jackson family, but not Michael says the family's convinced he is the biological father of all three children.
Michael Jackson says he's the father of those kids and his family believes him, he told the inquire, there's no controversy over them among the topic.
I've spoken to Michael, I've spoken to his father Joe, to his mother Catherine, his brothers Tito, Germaine and Randy.
They all say that those children of Michael are his. Do they have scientific proof? No, but Michael says he is and the family believes him.
Does they want on that gravy train? Bad.
But Jackson's mother was quoted in November 2002 about seven months after Blankets Bird saying, that boy is not a Jackson.
I know a Jackson when I see one, then ain't no Jackson.
I love it. That boy is not a Jackson. I know a Jackson when I see one, then ain't no Jackson.
And the pop stars for a brother-in-law Jack Gordon who was married to Michael sister Latoya for eight years, made an even more bizarre allegation and an exclusive any review with the inquire.
No one in this family really believes Michael father these children, he said, Michael is terrified that a DNA test will prove there is no blood link between himself and his three kids.
In other words, there's a better chance of being the father of a Sheridan's baby on passions than of these three kids.
Michael has told many lies over the years, he said, but the lie about his own kids is certainly the biggest and potentially the most damaging.
His two children by Debbie Roe were fathered by an anonymous sperm donor, says Gordon.
The real father is not black like Michael. He's a Caucasian who Debbie picked from a list of donor profiles available at the sperm bank.
And Michael's youngest son Blanket is a total surprise to everyone. One day the baby just arrived at Michael's ranch delivered there by an adoption attorney.
Michael never had a relationship with the baby's mother. I'm told she was young and unwed and Michael arranged to gain custody through an adoption attorney.
See, it's a hell of a lot easier to start molesting children if you have a whole bunch of your own. That's just what I'm thinking.
Hasn't that thought crossed your mind?
Come on. Hasn't that thought crossed your mind?
I hadn't told you to imagine it.
Michael is claiming that the kids are his because he thinks it makes him look good in the eyes of his fans.
When you see Michael's kids, it's obvious he's not the father. That's why he makes them wear veils.
Behind the veils, it's clear these kids are white, not birectional. They all have white skin, white features, and straight blonde hair.
Paris even has blue eyes.
Debbie Roe's father, Gordon also reportedly disputed Michael's heritage claim. According when associated press article in 1996, Gordon claimed that his daughter told him the conception of Jackson's first child, occurred by artificial insemination.
I said, Debbie, why artificial insemination? Is he capable of fathering a child like anyone else?
Gordon Roe was quoted in the interview, she laughed and said, Michael doesn't do anything like anyone else.
And Steve Schmauer, who dated Debbie before she became pregnant, was quoted as saying he was convinced the child was conceived by artificial insemination.
Before the Jackson people in public about the pregnancy and marriage idea, Debbie had told me she had agreed to try for a baby using artificial insemination as a favor to a friend Schmauer told her reporter.
Schmauer Schmauer. No names were mentioned, but you don't need to be a genius to work out who she was talking about.
Said an insider, it was clear back at the time of Debbie Roe carrying Prince Michael that Jackson seemed to be caught up in lies, especially saying the kid was conceived naturally.
Debbie's father retracted his statement later, source to say after Jackson angrily went to Debbie and said he was embarrassed about what he said in print.
The acquirer also called Jackson in another lie that could damage his credibility as he tries to maintain his innocence in the molestation case.
We reveal that he'd exaggerated the medical condition of his then two-year-old son, Prince Michael, in order to scroll out of a concert appearance.
Jackson said Prince had suffered a seizure and was dying. In fact, the child was successfully treated and quickly recovered.
The baby's doctor, Alan Metzger, confirmed to the inquiring June of 1999, Prince was never in a life-threatening situation.
Three days after the medical crisis, Jackson was scheduled to appear at a benefit concert in Italy with Luciano Pavrote, but sources said Jackson wanted to get out of the concert because at the time he was addicted to painkillers.
John from Elia, huh? Maybe he and Rush could get their heads together, you think?
Debbie, great to hear some notes.
19 till noon at 5.60 WQM used to be great.
Now a phone conversation between Queen Elizabeth and the heir apparent, her son, Prince Charles.
What are you calling for, Gail?
I'm worried about you, Charles.
Mom, you can't keep calling me every day.
I'm very worried to call me last ten times a day, Mom.
I've been handed the newspaper here.
The Daily Mirror?
Yes.
I don't read such rubbish.
Well, did you happen to see the front page?
I didn't see it, Mom. I don't read such rubbish. I've told you.
It says, is Charles bisexual?
Guess what?
It's true, Charles.
What is it, Mom?
It's Charles bisexual.
What's it mean by that, Mom?
It means you like the lassies and the lads.
I don't like the lads, Mom.
Don't cry, Mom.
It's true, isn't it?
Please don't cry, Mom.
It's true.
It's not true.
I knew I should have thought someone wrong
when I caught you listening to Clay-Akid.
I like him, Mom. He's a good singer.
I mean, that's all of his two.
And all those Barbara Strays and movies in the collection, huh?
I love to read yet, Mom. That doesn't make me buy.
How's Harry?
Harry's fine.
With his?
Watching him shower right now.
Where are you crying, Mom?
It's true, isn't it?
What? It's true.
It's not true.
You're my sex, you're...
I am not bisexual.
I don't have any sex.
The woman I'm dating, Mom, looks like a horse.
I mean, she doesn't give it to me at all.
You know that.
But is that why you go for the men?
I don't go for the men.
So it's not true.
I'm going to be the king of England.
Yeah, I'm just worried about it.
Why, you worried, Mom?
You're being a king and a queen.
I can't continue this conversation any longer, Mom.
All right. My date's here.
Your date?
The committer?
Come on in early.
Who is that?
I... just a friend.
Is that committer?
It's Ernie.
Ernie, who's Ernie?
My friend Ernie.
Who is Ernie?
We play here football together, Mom.
You don't play football.
We play games together, Mom.
I've got to go and have them.
Stop crying. Stop crying.
It's album 49, 11 before noon at 5.60 WDQAM.
Why are you sending the scrap from Bokabob?
You have to be joking, please.
Ex-pastor sentenced in break-ins of Holmes of Church members in Philly, Ohio.
They're named priest and ministers.
There are a lot of problems in Ohio, you know what I'm saying?
Philly, Ohio. You know who's from Philly, Ohio?
Nope.
Joe Marsh Jr.
Speaking of Joe and Mark called, and they didn't have a speaker, but they're on the headphones right now.
A former pastor convicted of breaking into the Holmes of Church members asked God and Judge for a forgiveness sentence.
Thomas Willow, former pastor of Grace Bible Church of Arlington, Ohio, received a suspended
16-month prison term in Hancock County, Common Peace Court Wednesday.
I deeply regret what happened. I wish there was something I could do to make it right.
I'm asking for your mercy, Judge Rage Raustin, in order to undergo counseling and serve 90 days in the county jail,
or at a rehabilitation center.
Sheriff's report said Willow, 34, broke into the Holmes to masturbate.
He was just trying to dip his wig, take a look like Cecil Proudly.
How do you like that?
I'm that happy note.
Did you say that Joe and Mark are sitting by?
They are.
And?
And here we are, Neil.
Oh, it's a good thing you spoke.
Voice from the heavens. How are you?
A good thing you spoke, man. You have no idea how close you were to getting sliced right off.
We don't have time to dittle around on a show. This isn't like, you know,
I am like the beast Joe show.
All right, enough of that.
I heard that. That was worth it.
I was duped into that, of course.
Listen, you know, Joe Rose has a, he stares the pot. That's what he does.
Yeah.
Well, the beast most in he stares it. The problem, well, at least there was a little diversion from those calls.
You know, as much as I love Joe Rose, he's a good guy.
Never stole a freight train. He's got a nice big head.
Always been very nice to me.
But the fact of the matter is that this, and you know it, because you guys don't do a sports show.
That this sports disease.
Now, see, this is another thing to overcome.
It's not just the fact that the whole audience is vanished when Pharrell got camped.
But now we got overcome the fact that I mean, there is nothing there but sports.
You know, Joe is great. He knows his crap.
You know, he used to play in all this other garbage old number 80.
But that's all there is man is a Danny and Jimmy and the feeler and wants that and that's it.
What can I say? That's the true.
You might remind me. No, it is the truth. That's why when we started doing our own show,
we decided to do more than sports.
It's got sports in there. But man, during these times when the teams suck,
all you're going to get is the same call 100 times a day.
100 times the exact same thing.
Nobody cares about the heater of the panthers and rightfully so.
I was out of panther game.
See, that goes to show you the fallacy of the whole concept of sports talk radio.
And that is that even if you had 100 teams in town, if they all suck or if there's only one team that anybody really cares about,
what's the point?
And other than we can sell a lot of spots.
The exact same call over and over again.
So if you listen to the show for 10 minutes, you heard the same thing 10 minutes.
And this week my head is spinning and not just the little head cool I had,
but my head is spinning because ordinarily, you know,
George and I started talking about 738 o'clock in the morning.
So I don't hear a little bit of mo.
Oh, you know, absolutely.
And that's it. I never hear what's on.
Even when for Elle was on, I very rarely heard him, but now that I'm forced to listen,
because I'm sitting here, we got the pot open on what's on the ear.
And it's the same ones over and over and over.
And they're all saying the same crap.
This is Jimmy and Danny part two all over again.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
I said it.
QAM. No, it is not stick. They can stick it. That's what they all want. You know something. How is that possible?
Like I'd be just stick when he's trying to get everybody fired? Okay. Is that stick when you're screwing around with people's lives?
I don't believe you. They think I don't care. I don't care whether they believe me or not. It's the truth. I don't care. Oh trust me. I know
Brian W in Miami says in
General, I think you're oh in general. See there's always
In general, I think your show is great. I listen when I can't I think the reason for your dropping ratings
Is any one of those on the pool. It's because your show is a hundred percent negativity and or sarcasm all the time
Don't get me wrong. I
Likes me some sarcasm and the times we live and let themselves the negativity
But people can take only so much of that ish at once that ish
That's what it says. It's plus you are too angry all the time. Am I angry?
No, my angry about I'm going on vacation for 11 days tomorrow. Life couldn't be better. I got a few bucks in the bank
I'm not the least bit angry. It's a radio show Brian
I completely understand why as I'm usually angry myself, but I do not host a radio show
Thanks for all the entertainment thanks to Bokobryan for being inside the behind of music or whatever that says Brian
Look it. I don't need to have my ass kiss
But you know, I have no idea what that means. You're an angry man. Yeah, okay
Whatever you say Brian you saw one of my paycheck shows up how happy I am you'd be really amazed
Here's one that says boy just fascists up the ass
God
It says I have to agree. Oh, here's a good one
I listened to for all because he was entertaining and great friend listen to one away to work
I'm sure Joe Rose is competent, but it's just boring
Yeah, see I'm not blaming Joe. I don't want anybody called up Joe Rose next week and say oh, you know needle
He was ripping you out for it. I'm not ripping Joe out. I love Joe Rose
He's very good at what he does in fact of all the x jocks. There's only him and mad dog or the only two that I give you a dime for right
anywhere
I mean, you know Pat somewhere all in his day a hundred years ago. He was excellent
But how many x jocks really are good broadcasters very very few frank effort
terrible awful
coma inducing semi illiterate
Anyway, I'm sure Joe Rose is competent says, but it's just boring sports talk over and over again the same thing
I gave him a shot actor for all was canned, but I was literally nodding off behind the wheel sorry Joe
I try to go back to Stern, but it's difficult to understand what he's saying since George Bush's
So-and-so is so far down his throat. I can't say that word Phil Henry suffers from the same ailment. Okay
I've settled on just listening to CDs in the car it says well
I'm assuming they're still listening here because otherwise they wouldn't be faxing or maybe not who to help
Well, it's like the website. They're not listening. They're just voting. They're just voting on a web
Well, they can do that doesn't bother me
But if that were the case then we'd still have that gigantic number of hits on a website as opposed to that gigantic drop off after
For all got canned plus we're just playing with ourselves anyway because the people that are gone
They're not listening to these conversations anyway. No, are they voting on a website see?
But sure kills a good show see
CCC
Let's see how many votes we got 479 I bet you by 12
20 huh
I bet you by 12 20 which would be two hours that we had to think up there right have 500 votes
You think it could be if we put the big push on
Oh look at that August 1990 Joe Wilson shaking hands with Saddam Hussein for you to call what a disgrace
Anyway, why do you think the audience appears to be shrinking? I hope George is listening over there with
Maybe he'll call in on the bat line. We can have a conversation because he isn't gonna raise no money today
What I think
12 to two people out for lunch. Sure
Anyway, why does it appear to be getting smaller and the audience to
The ratings are wrong the audience is still there 268 55.8% not too good
Even if the people are listening just over half think that we're still a kick and ass
He's too liberal to anti boy 63
The show is too newsy again 41 too newsy
Were we too nosy today so far?
No, it's a good mix probably the Michael Moore thing was a little bit. I like that a little too much though
It was Michael Moore piece. I like Michael Moore too
What do you mean that was too much it wasn't a long article what are the Michael Jackson article was longer?
You like the Michael Jackson one no better say
Well seriously before I continue reading results of the pool
I want you to stop and ask yourself this question. Yes, seriously
I will the people who listen to for real who are not the sports nerds who listen to the sports shows on Q.A.
I'm okay. You know the people I'm talking about right the people listen because he was whacking out
Rages and grotesque and off the wall and wacko those people yes
Do you really believe that those people give a crap about any of these news stories or anything about Iraq?
No, I was a lot of your voice about the election about
Jeb Bush about money for a stadium in Miami about any of these things no no they just wanted to be they just want to laugh
That's all they care about is laughing right the right to do Paul getting come on now also let me ask you this yes
You really believe that I'm gonna change this show
To just a four-hour wacko show every day. No, you believe that no it's not gonna happen. I would you do that? I'm not gonna do it
See, I mean you know I take these polls a lot and the audience knows this and I do whatever the hell I believe is right anyway
And I'm gonna do that I'm not gonna change anything. I don't care if we get a one-four share what the Elizabeth make a difference to me
You said it. I mean I mean you care you know you have a certain amount of pride but after all of these years
I'm like I always say what tell them I have to prove let somebody else carry the load, you know
No, let the load carry the load
You're gonna change the world you're gonna be the man to do it just like yeah, right?
It's like Joe said you're gonna have the impact that was a shot right there against who?
Against me no wasn't I'm gonna change the world. Yeah, that's all the zamans are these people think oh
Niels the only liberal voice in town. He's gonna change. He's gonna make a change. He's gonna have an impact
Do you know what I'm saying they want you to be this a voice? I haven't got any idea what you want
They want you to be the voice of their you know, whatever they're but the other part of the audience doesn't want that
See that's why this show is so different because we try to mix the two together right and it's worked for a long time
Okay, with for elder was no mix at all was just awesome
And it was great. It was a lot of fun. I don't do that
And I'm not gonna do that
Please
Okay, thank you. I told George to give it a shot when he feels it maybe he'll do the whole show next week and he'll just
Do that how's that I'll be fine. I listen
See we don't have to do anything just put it on and let's look
Not bad
Maybe we can do it between five and eight in the morning
1240. Oh, see there we go again. Oh, go through that 1240 at 560 WDQ
I'm gonna tell you about a great place to take that automobile of yours EF Tarenotta repair
You'll find them at 50 83 North Federal highway just a mile and a half north of Samperot and prestigious Pomato Beach at
EF Tarenotta repair you can experience the difference that experience makes in other words
They know their stuff all EF mechanics are ASC certified technicians and they have the latest technology under their hood
And most of them with the EF team for nearly 20 years the EF team has got over 200 combined years of experience
And right now at a great deal. I got four in an oil change stopped by EF and asked them about their Neil Rogers 1295 oil chain
Special you heard right only 1295 for an oil change the EF team uses only the best parts and top of the line
Castrol GTX motor oil you couldn't even buy the parts for this unbelievably low price just 12 95
EF Tarenotta repair they be the best are at 50 83 North Federal highway and Pomato Beach
Column at 954 426 9926 that's 954 426 9926 and when you do call be sure and ask about their 90 days
Same as cash no interest credit card EF Tarenotta repair their nationally recognizes one of the most successful one of the most dependable
Automotive repair facilities anywhere in the entire U.S.
Abate don't forget to ask about that 1295 Neil Rogers oil chain special when you call EF Tarenotta repair at 954
426 9926
Take it away.
And this is the talent and give it then, laden, if you spin, oh, it's on a drop on.
If you're too old, then you're too old.
We have to prepare for holy war.
If you're too old, then you're too old.
Don't do the GR, don't be late.
Coming in from every single terrorist state.
Kabul, Yemen, Iraq, Iran.
I'll be scrapping on my suicide bomb, let's rock.
Raise all of the drag.
Got my beard and my long white smart.
I'm going to the GR, rock.
She had two sets to Hamas for it.
Get the boys ready for a holy war.
But her two sets to martyr three.
Come on and give some women and cheer with me, don't rock.
Raise all of the drag.
We don't want hollah.
Got my long white smart.
I'm going to the GR, rock.
Been laden hiding coming out of his cave.
Taliban monkey set to rant and rave.
Black male women begging in the crowd.
But buddies only know ladies allowed.
Let's rock.
Raise all of the drag.
All hollah.
Put on my bloody white smart.
Going to the GR, rock.
All right.
Quick Mohammed, turn on CNN.
Let's let this American truth position.
Go into the GR, don't be late.
Come in in from every single terrorist state.
Kabul, Yemen, Iraq, Iran.
I'll be scrapping on my suicide bomb, let's rock.
Raise all of the drag.
We don't want hollah.
Got my beard and my long white smart.
I'm going to the GR, rock.
Go into the GR.
She had two sets to Hamas for.
Get the boys ready for the holy war.
But that two sets to martyr three.
Come on and give some women and cheer with me, let's rock.
Raise all of the drag.
We got my beard and my long white smart.
I'm going to the GR, rock.
I'm going to the GR.
Bring that same to me.
Kill me in the best wine.
Kill them all.
Restoan Murena.
From 20, 20 past 0 at 560 WQM.
We got the weirdest Stevenson for demand.
I'll turn up until we got George right now.
We're loaded in for the federal highway.
We just saw the Vokland Park Boulevard with our best meal.
And Joe and Mark with their toy driver,
Cafe Aguayan and Pembroke Pines, till 7 to 9.
George ain't calling in, huh?
That's okay.
He realizes it's a rot of business.
Hey George, by the way, if you want to come in Monday,
find if that's okay to rot of business for closing up shop.
522 votes on there in two hours.
Pull one up at about 10-20.
Aren't you impressed?
Yeah.
Oh, you're eating.
No, the beast actually isn't in the room.
Where'd he go?
I think he went to the bathroom.
I can't imagine why.
He's even shoving it down his purse.
You never did tell us about the food that came in beast.
It was great.
A bunch of sandwiches and luckus.
A bunch of brisket?
No, no.
Corbif pastrami and turkey.
Yeah.
Are you ate the bread?
Did I have a piece of bread?
What a pig.
What a little disgusted pig.
Oh yeah, that's a good excuse.
It's a holiday.
It's not a holiday till sundown asshole.
God.
So it was really good.
Thanks to Corkeys for bringing it.
Now did Josh get a chance to have the potato pancakes?
Oh, he had plenty.
I indulged him quite a few.
Have you ever had those before?
Yes, I have.
Outstanding.
Enough to make you want to be Jewish all most.
And certainly circumspect.
And here comes Curtis, and Dupthatt and his share.
There you go.
Everybody come on in and have some lunch from Corkeys, man.
We had the one good thing about us, even if I'm out there.
We still feed the troops.
527 votes on the poll.
It is absolutely shocking.
Why do you think the audience appears to be shrinking?
The ratings are wrong.
The audience is still there.
56.1% 296 say, have no fear.
We're all still here.
Do we believe them?
By who knows?
He's too liberal to anti-bush 69.
I think there's something very symbolic about that.
For else firing pissed off the audience 43.
We're not coming back until for outcomes.
God damn it.
Ah!
I'm not sure we're too nosy again.
42.
Too nosy.
It's your fault.
You didn't warn me.
Sorry.
He's not a touch with South Florida 35.
Right.
He needs a new wardrobe 20.
Too much more bashing 14.
Absolutely.
And he's too old.
8 out of 527.
Well, at least the old part ain't working all our Georgia.
He's always talking about me being me.
See, we got a lot of vultures at that place.
You got Jo and Mark.
That was...
I got a hand-jow castella credit for that.
He didn't even beat around the bush.
He came right out and practically pleaded with me on the air
to put in a word for them to do 8 to 10.
I don't think...
I don't think they want to do 8 to 10 though.
Well, I mean, I think they'd be happy with the slot before that.
They're...
Five days.
They're hoping someone else isn't there anymore.
Now, see, you're putting words in his mouth.
See, that's not what he said.
All the way did say he wants to make some money and be on when some people...
Now, that's a thought.
How is that going to happen?
Are they going to blow out Mo?
No.
Are they going to pay him to go away?
No.
Is he going to go away voluntarily?
No.
Is he going to die?
Oh.
Maybe?
Why not why?
That's bad.
It could be in my higher.
That is so bad.
I'm sorry.
Can you imagine the party we'd have?
Wow.
I'm serious, though, because I know you're listening, baby.
We'd have a party that would just make anything else that's ever happened in the history mankind
pale in a win-significant.
It'd be better than my bar mitzvah.
Oh, my God.
It would be like a...
I'm listening.
Good.
I hope you get the message.
You're okay.
We all hate you like poison and there's no stick about it.
That's why when people keep saying, oh, when you rip mo to my no, we don't.
No, we don't.
It's the very least we can do to pay him back for his grotesque hate.
They only knew what it was like to work with man.
They only knew it was like...
Let me tell the audience one thing.
See, you people have never encountered a person like this in your lives because there is no other person like this anywhere.
This guy makes Sodom and Osama seem like the good will man.
Like Sandy Claus.
Like the tooth fairy.
Man.
And I know my furries.
Here's a bunch of facts of Jim's says, I think you're the best.
And I won't stop listening to you.
You are worm food.
But if there's a reason people are turning, tuning out, it's at the top.
Let's see.
I'll read it anyway.
The topics you attack with your stick are repetitive.
I mean, when I tune into your show, I can guarantee that I'll be hearing about you ripping one mo to bush in the war, three sports nerds, four for rouse firing, five religion bashing.
Getting kind of ponderous is Jim.
He'll listen until I quote, but he says it's getting a little ponderous.
See, that may be so Jim, but the fact that it matters is that this apparent vanishing of about 30, 40% of the audience, at least on our website, this happened right on the heels of Forell getting canned.
And the inside word that we're getting from the experts all around town like Miguel and the beast is that the audience is pissed off at QAM.
And they're taking it out on some of the rest of us, including me, because naturally I had the biggest crossover with Forell because we were back to backside by each.
And you know, and you weren't sport holes. Then we were not sport holes.
We didn't do specifically sports shows talking about the dolphins and more about the dolphins and about David.
You know, seriously, and I know he just got through saying in the facts. I'm going to talk about that.
He's right because it's awful. It's awful.
And I still think that the people that run that guy they place on a sit down one day.
I mean, it's one thing for them to agree with me and say, well, you know, you're right. It really is boring.
Well, why don't you do something about it? Why don't you try to spice it up a little bit?
Coming eight to ten, Richie from Bore's head.
Yeah, exactly. Why don't you give him his own show?
Just have a chronic show. In fact, mode. That's what we should do. Replace replace. No, listen.
Instead of him getting stuff up so early in his advanced age, he could do six to eight.
Five to six. We could just have Richie from Bore's head. Mark the Jets fan.
Juan from Little Havana. Stuttering Steve de Marlon's guy. Dave the chronic caller.
Who else am I leaving out? Joy from David. Joy from David. Dennis, the professional Catholic that hates me like poison.
He could just have a quarter. We have all the little acronis he would have to come in so early.
That'd be great. It would be an improvement.
Absolutely.
Twenty six past noon at five sixty WDQM. Big news.
Halette Pontiac GMC is now Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest.
Expect to sing great Neil Deals that you're accustomed to and the great customer satisfaction that they've had for years and years when they were halive.
Right now at Auto City of Pinecrest, it's an end of the year clearance sale on all remaining two thousand three's in stock.
Take advantage of zero percent financing for up to 72 months or save yourself up to nine grand with rebates and incentives.
Attention audio lease customers ask Auto City of Pinecrest about their lease pull ahead early termination program.
There's even more great Neil Deals at the new Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest for a limited time to sign and drive home your brand new GMC zero with absolutely positively.
Absolutely. No money down.
It's the new Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest.
Same great location though that you've known and loved for years.
One thirty four oh one South Fixie Highway that you went across in the falls open every day seven days a week.
If you want more info on these special deals call the Neil Deal hotline tool free one triple eight five three four forty two eleven.
That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven.
Keep in mind all offers subject credit approval.
See the folks at Auto City for details.
The brand new and exciting Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest low prices without the high pressure.
The title of the local this is five six years.
The radio is all yours now.
You in.
So the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God.
We found the heard.
You ain't there.
Peace of mind.
Yeah, it's surrounded.
It's a boy from the hole.
My name is Sarah and I'm willing to negotiate.
What's the whole thing to him?
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
clarify it.
nice.
nice.
today.
I'm really not a sports nerd though.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
You agree with me that the QM format is un-listened?
I was telling you before I said, if I don't want to listen to sports, what do I listen to when you're not on?
And you said, the Schmidt Meister.
Well, that's...
No wonder.
No wonder the load-hang hates you.
You're listening to the Schmidt Myster.
He was like a poor man's rush limbo.
If I don't want to hear Jimmy and Danny or Brian and Jay.
No, you're right. You're got a point.
What do I listen to?
Because even though we have some really great personalities on here, like the Mad Dog and
Joe and Hank, the fact of the matter is that the caller is just destroyed because all
they want to do is say the same crap day after day after day.
Now, speaking of the Schmidt Myster, see one thing about the right wingers, the rush people.
Now, you know, rush was gone.
He was away and rehab and all the other crap popping some pills.
And he comes back and boom, I would, he goes up seven tenths of a point in the one month
when he comes back.
The right wingers are obsessed.
Talk, and that's just loyal, but they're obsessed.
And so to Schmidt Myster, anybody who parrots that right wing bull crap, they get the big
numbers, month in and month out because it's like a religion.
It's like the people who watch Fox News.
Every single day Fox News beats CNN.
Of course, nobody watches MSNBC.
But even if you put the other two together, Fox still beats them because they've got those
millions of loyal right wing assholes, those ditto heads all spin all the time.
And they want to be fed the same crap.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
That's what they want.
Keep on going.
Go National.
We need you.
You say, Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
Stephen.
We don't need our help.
Could we just call?
We'll get it.
One little puppy.
That'll be their fault.
Were up to 110 now?
Just a heartbeat, and just a moment.
Let's see.
Here's a fact.
that says Max Castro, editorial and paid something rather than a herald.
Oh, he's being eliminated December 30th. He doesn't cater to right wing mentality.
Oh my God, he's the only good writer they got in that newspaper is Max Castro.
Once in a while Fred Grimm, especially old Cuban right wingers,
the herald is under brown shirt mentality, just thought you should know.
Thanks very much, A-Triff. Max Castro's contributing your columns
in the op-ed pages being discontinued as of the end of the month.
That's a pilot graphic. It goes to show you. See, that's what I'm talking about.
All right wing all the time. All cheap channel radio stations all the time.
All Fox News, all spin all the time. All propaganda all the time.
And the public keeps a little bit more like that, more and more brainwashed.
So that's why I'm going to continue with it. You know, like I said, if I have a point to share,
what I'm going to start to do when about ratings. Let somebody else haul that gigantic load.
Right. All that big heavy load, baby. Yeah, haul it. Humber.
They're doing great in the afternoon. More power to them.
561 votes. Why do you think the old audience appears to be shrinking? We'll have over 600 by one.
Aren't you impressed? I am. The ratings are wrong. The audience is still there 319.
He's too liberal to anti-boish 71 for else firing pissed off the audience 45.
The show is too nosy again 44 to newsy. He's not a touch with South Florida 36.
He needs a new wardrobe 21 too much. Moe bashing 15 and he's too old 10. You see,
even the too much moe bashing is only got 15 votes. So in other words, they love it.
They can't get enough of it. I love it. Of course and rightfully so.
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
How many QAM? I think you should have more moe bashing.
If not, they don't have enough. Any more moe bashing.
Maybe not enough should have been on there too. Not enough moe bashing.
I don't know. Maybe the wrong people are getting the diaries or something because everybody I know listens to you.
Do they? Yeah. I mean, I've got 15 people in my office and I walk around.
They have you on the radio or on the internet?
I will say it was interesting when the power went down yesterday and I heard you on the internet.
Especially that playboy channel stuff.
That was a stop. If you could do that on a radio, you get your share of shoot-up and just like that.
We would have if we could do that. I was thinking about that yesterday.
If we could do that and if we didn't have these language police, we have an 80 share easy.
If you want to see...
I just want to see if I can make this morning.
You know, thanks incidental. We'll get a hard on.
Actually, even though we'll dance to the guys and just dance incidental.
When you're running, I will have orgasms right in and there. Just dancing.
And I just like the fact that I like guys getting some done by me.
So I decided to take my sexual thing out of it from around them.
Decided to join the adult business.
Q and Demi with your approval, she looks very much like Britney's benefact.
Blah. Very real boobs, by the way. Not make-believe.
Even an old queen like me can tell the difference.
20 to 1 at 5.60. Q and we're putting the playboy channel on.
That's the next year's format.
Backship station.
I will always own the name.
Whether or not you think back as a good name, a bad name, or what it promises to you is your own conclusion.
We could have moved East, time cruise, cut in a high grass.
Oh, but it all went away.
And now it's the horrible fight.
Rosie's a bitch in the morning and a even bigger one at night.
So how's Michael's good, the former friend, Rabbi, Shmouli Bhoteh doing?
You seen him?
No. I always schlepping him out.
There's a former advisor with the Yarmul Khan, the Holy of the Orthodox,
Shmouli Bhoteh, pretty embarrassing.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
And look at that. We're doing screenless and there's only one call on there.
See what I mean? Boy, this is a sad day for me.
Three long, excruciating years to go.
I'm trying to look down at tunnel.
Back to him.
All I see is like a big black hole.
Maybe it's grew in.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
How many QAMs?
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil, I just wanted to wish a happy holiday season.
No one's to ask your opinion on something.
Yes, sir.
Not at the same thing court.
Don't you think that you're probably planting weapons of mist destruction right now?
No, too late for that.
No, but I mean, like down the road, I'm gonna tell them right now,
like maybe six months down the road when they're pulled,
start the slide.
They're gonna say, well, who seems been cooperating and yielding.
I mean, it's a possibility, but I think it's much too late for that now.
You know, also last week you mentioned about how Congress voted not to extend
unemployment benefits.
And one thing a lot of people don't realize,
one reason that they don't want to extend them.
When people stop collecting unemployment benefits,
even if they're not working, they're still,
they're considered no longer unemployed.
Right.
So like, you know, like if a thousand people get signed up for benefits this week,
but 1200 are denied an extension,
it's considered a plus 200 gain in the employment thus far.
Right. Now, convincing all the people who accept meanial jobs because they're starving to death,
and those people are also no longer considered unemployed.
I mean, it's just amazing how that the facts get twisted day after day,
and like if they had American public just buys into it.
And the media is right there, man.
And if the people in the running media,
they're the ones that ought to be in prison.
Oh, I mean, you know, the other, you know, you mentioned how,
you know, I don't watch much mainstream media,
but the other day I was checking out a little bit of all of them.
And you know, you're right.
I hate to say, but did nothing more than cheerleaders.
I mean, it's sad.
I mean, thank God, like I said,
occasionally I get to see, you know,
the BBC and the CBC,
and I guess I read a lot of foreign publications.
I try to stay as informed as I possibly can.
I guess this one was a great holiday season.
And let's just hope next year, things start to change.
Although I think I've got to send you a thanks a lot.
Peter followed that with his most controversial campaign yet.
This year's Holocaust on your plate exhibition equates human suffering
during the Holocaust to animal suffering as part of the meat industry.
BBC, a, that's probably a little bit too stuffy for most of our crowd,
don't you think?
Yeah.
Maybe the CBC.
Hold him under the Justice Department's purview or arrest him and charge him
under the Justice Department's purview,
or Congress could adopt legislation within that 30-day period.
Now politically, it would be...
Hi.
This guy's either got a bad Kepala honor,
he's got a bad herpes one, or maybe both.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T.
See, when you watch the news on CBC and BBC,
and I know this is very boring to everybody,
and then you watch the hysterical American
that works like this asshole that's on her now.
Surely you're not going both the Oblitskrieg.
It's like you're talking about two different worlds,
different sets of news stories,
different sets of planets,
different worlds that you're on,
because it's a difference between day and night.
But everything here is, hey, raw,
sys boom, bomb, we're cheerleading,
and just like even when a guy like Dan Rather sells out,
makes that comment about, well,
you know, I'm an American after all, I can't be impartial.
But what is there any chance that any of these people are going to bring us any real news?
I would say none.
How's George doing out there?
Is he doing any good?
I haven't got a new update.
Uh-oh.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
By the way, lie one still low work.
I just mentioned that for poor George,
it's going to be working all next week.
Lion one doesn't work, fix it.
WDQAM.
I thought we were going to be one more?
WDQAM, hello.
Kandakane.
WDQAM.
Chambam.
WDQAM, let's get them all on.
Hello.
Your lost your audience.
Yeah, but we still got you asshole.
That's the good part.
WDQAM, hello.
Uncle Ford, how are you doing buddy?
Okay.
Can you play that, uh, that,
have a bit with the, uh,
what's your name?
Oh, okay, thanks.
See, I can't believe it.
Oh.
What?
Well, that's your fault.
My fault.
You were supposed to remind me to play it.
All right, let's play who wants to be a millionaire.
Huff daddy.
Sitting in the chair.
I'll call you Puffy.
Yo, yo, man.
Yo, yo.
Are you ready?
Yeah.
Here's your $100 question.
Finish this nursery rhyme.
All right.
Hickory, dickory,
blank.
Is it A-Doc?
B-Pear?
C-Marina?
Or D-Inlet?
Whoa, man.
Is it $100 question right here?
You're kidding me, right?
This is $100.
For $100.
This ain't the million dollar question.
Oh, this is the first one.
It's only for $100.
Is this a black thing?
Would you like to use a life one?
Yeah, all right.
What do I got?
What do I got?
Well, we have the ask the audience to 50-50
and the phone a friend.
Ask your audience.
That's probably why people in here.
Yeah, 50-50, ain't gonna help me.
Oh, you know, I'm gonna phone a friend.
Gonna phone a friend on the $100 question
finishing the nursery rhyme.
Yeah.
All right.
Who are we gonna call, puppy?
Oh, my boy.
Old dirty bastard.
Old dirty bastard.
Yeah, dirty we call him.
Our friends from AT&T
will get old dirty on the line.
And hopefully he can help you.
Yo.
Old dirty.
Yeah, man.
Regis Felbon from who wants to be a millionaire.
How are you?
I got your friend here.
Puff Daddy.
Yo, dirty was that.
Was that.
Was that.
Was that.
Was that.
All right.
All right.
Old.
Was that.
Old dirty.
Puff Daddy's in a little bit of trouble here
on the $100 question.
Hey, the first time, man.
First question.
And the next voice you hear will be his.
He'll come on the line.
He'll ask you the question.
He'll give you four possible choices.
Are you set?
Amen.
Next voice you hear will be his
and 30 seconds begins now.
Was that.
Yo, dirty.
Finish this off for me.
All right.
Hickory, dickory, blank.
Is it a doc?
B.
P.
C.
Marino.
Or D.
Italy.
Oh, oh, oh.
Come on, man.
I don't got much time.
I know this man.
I know it.
I see a spear.
P, you sure?
About 30, man.
There's a lot of money, man.
About 30.
All right, man.
Thank you very much.
I hate, man.
Times off, uh, old dirty said,
P.
You still have two lifelines left.
We are on the $100 question.
You know what, Regis?
Wanna pull the audience?
No, I like the Adderlyph line.
I actually know there's only three lifelines
you've used one you have two left.
No, no, no.
I get another lifeline.
It's a brand new one to the game.
And uh, what is that, Puffy?
It's called Shoot the Host.
Puffy, you can ask the audience.
I call it Shoot the Host.
Puffy used the 50-50.
What's the answer?
Puffy, it's Doc.
It's A.
It's Doc.
My final answer is Doc.
It's Doc.
And it's a good one.
You got a hundred dollars.
Run you run you white.
Run, seven, nine, run.
Run, seven, nine.
Sorry, I apologize.
How many times did that got called and request that?
About 30, man.
And I forgot all about your fault.
1253 at five.
You're supposed to like, uh,
help out the dottering old fool, meaning me.
I forgot too.
I'm well like I said, well, that's coming from the fat, you know,
especially when you're shoveling all that food down your
push there from corkies.
Oh, what?
Thanks a lot, corkies.
By the way, I'll be back in January.
They can bring me brisket, a tansket of tiskat.
I love their brisket.
Oh, man, they got the best brisket going anywhere at corkies.
They really do.
They brought meats one day that was so good that it was just
melted in your mouth.
You like their, I like their meat.
They're potato pancakes.
I love it.
I really shouldn't be eating that.
And you shouldn't either.
And you shouldn't be eating the bread.
Why do you, why do you insist that eating the bread, you pig?
See, you already want to lose any weight.
I mean, I don't want me good one to talk because I'm fat as a cow.
But at least I make some kind of a make-believe, uh, uh, you know, attempt.
But you don't even put on an act.
You just waddle around there, shovel it down your face.
I guess you have a death wish, don't you?
No.
See, Ferrell had a death wish, professional death wish.
He wanted to keep getting candy.
He just wanted, I don't know what his thing is.
Besides, wow, he's got a problem.
He didn't like authority too much.
He didn't like authority.
He's a rebellious, uh, he's out of control.
He's a loose cannon.
And I mean, the looses to ivory, I've seen some loose cannons,
but he's, uh, as loose as a goose.
And you, you're just, uh, you have a different kind of death wish.
You have an actual, and I think it comes, it stems from the fact that you have these
overbearing, overprotective, uh, parents who spoil you and treat you like a little child,
and the feed you until you practically burst.
And I, and that's very sad.
And you, of course, you can't get laid, which is very unfortunate.
That's not true.
What do you mean it's not true?
That's not true.
When's the last time you got laid?
I don't think it's really should discuss it on the...
Why not?
Not something I'd like to discuss with the audience.
I'm not asking for details.
I'm not asking for any intimate information.
Names, uh, shoe size, breast size, penis size,
lesthanamont.
Oster size, lesthanamont.
Lesthanamont to go.
I'm not talking about clearance now.
That doesn't count.
No, I'm talking about with a female.
Right.
You actually had a piece of ass in the last month.
Yes.
Well, let's hear it.
Oh, right.
I didn't know the old fat boy had it in him.
Still to speak.
That's a better sense, anyway.
Yeah, I bet he did.
Reckham.
Oh, no.
595 votes.
Oh, we can make 600 easy before one o'clock.
This is a pretty, we won't beat the 900 from Monday.
I don't know.
We can make a push in the last hour.
No, are you crazy?
We're going to 300 votes in an hour?
You're dreaming.
If you encourage them.
If I encourage them.
If I encourage them.
I don't want to do that.
Because then they just go on.
Vogue gratuitously.
This is scientific stuff.
The future of these next three years on the new
Roger Show depends on this.
Don't you believe it?
No.
Oh.
I mean, I could, look, I could cop out.
I could just say, okay, I'm not doing any more of this
serious stuff.
I'm not putting any more bed time.
We'll just put the bedtime stories on the website.
All you people that care about the rest of the world.
You have a good time with that.
And I will just sit here and listen to all these.
All these idiots for the next three years
and put on a bunch of funny comedy bits.
And that's it in play.
A lot of fart sounds.
You know, we'd still probably do just as well as we did
that trend yesterday.
We could still do a four-year doing that
with our eyes with blindfolded.
Right?
And I'll put any effort into it.
Right.
Well, who says we are now?
Oh.
Come on.
Let's get a fast view.
I spend this thing,
but he's got damn news stories in the inquiry.
I mean, not like the old days.
What I used to spend hours and hours wasting my time
talking to 90-year-old old parts.
But I spent a little time on his crap.
Our two here and here.
And here, of course, his brains out his skull.
Which he, you know, we can afford to be doing all his fat folks.
He loses a two or three calories.
We're sweating over a hot keyboard,
putting all that crap on here.
36 bedtime stories.
They include the one I probably won't get to read
about John Henkley and the bushes.
Maybe you don't want to clock our, I will read it.
What you think?
Okay.
Now, you don't want to hear it.
No.
It's dynamite stuff.
It's on our website.
The connection between a Henkley family
and the Bush family.
It is scary.
And that will tell you why I said at the beginning of the show
when I echo my sentiments
that the Bush family had a big bunch of crooks
in the history of America.
And they got their plans, man.
They got another four years for W for this retard.
And then they got eight years and serve for Jarris.
Oh!
Don't forget about him.
And then, of course, there's George P.
If they were straight in his little ass out, George P.
You know the one that's always driving around
doing wheelies in his girlfriend's parking lot.
Cause he's, you know, getting dumped all the time.
I mean, yeah, it's the Bush.
Your dynasty is basically what they got.
You know, Britain had a king, George.
What the hell can't we?
12th of the seven at five sixty QAM.
What's the problem?
It's not that law.
This is 20th by six.
QAM.
Does Charles Brompton use some of the beach?
Well, they wish was granted.
But I'm sure going to miss listening to the Neil Rogers Fair
and Ballast will the two of your son of a bitch.
I heard there is no Christmas in the silly middle east.
No.
No trees, no snow, no Santa Claus.
They have different religious beliefs.
Uh-huh.
They believe in new homies and not in our holiday.
And so every December I go to the middle east and...
Ah!
Oi!
Hey there, Mr. Muslims!
Merry fucking Christmas!
Put down that book the Quran and hear some holiday wishes.
In case you haven't noticed,
this Jesus says birthday.
So get off your heathen, Muslim,
ass and fucking celebrate.
I love right.
There is no holiday season in India.
I've heard.
They don't hang up their stockings and that is just absurd.
They never read a Christmas story.
They don't know what Rudolph is about.
And that is why in December I'll go to India and shine.
Hi there, Mr. Hindu.
It's Merry fucking Christmas.
Three-keg-nong and eat some beef and pass it to the mess.
Hey, Casey, you haven't noticed.
This Jesus said birthday.
So get off your heathen, Hindu, ass and fucking celebrate.
Now I heard that in Japan everyone just lives in sin.
They pray to several gods and put needles in their skin.
On December 20th, all they do is eat a cake.
And that is why I go to Japan and walk around and...
Hi!
You turd!
Hi there, Mr. Shintoeth.
Very fucking Christmas.
God is gonna shake your ass.
You infidelicates pagan scum.
Casey, you haven't noticed.
There's best of things to do.
So let's all rejoice for Jesus, Merry fucking Christmas, you.
On Christmas Day, I travel around the world and say...
Now which Christmas bonus and all you ACS-2!
Merry fucking Christmas.
Merry Christmas, you.
Okay, we're just reaching back to you, these fangs,
that's your fangs.
And come be ready in a bad reach.
Let's see, I've been loyal listening out for over six years
when I was on the road, I listen to you,
now the only time I can hear you is when I go to lunch in the car.
As far as your programming, I'll admit, when you were with WIOD,
those were the greatest 12 hours of listening on a radio
between Rick and Sud and you and Phil on the afternoon.
Are you sure?
It was great radio.
I think if the format was changed to WDQM,
the format of WIOD, now we're talking great radio.
Oh yeah, that's gonna happen, isn't it?
Sure, it's not.
No, it's not now.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Maybe tomorrow.
Well, there's some people behind the scenes,
I guarantee you, who've been pushing very hard for that,
but it's not gonna happen because of Greg.
Because Greg is a sports nerd,
and he's reminded himself of the bunch of sports nerds
like screw-in and Gary Sarner and Philis and Bob Eisenberg
and most of the other group balls in the building.
Like George always said, it's not a radio station,
it's a sports bar with a microphone.
And he is absolutely correct.
How's George doing out there at Fort Lauderdale,
Harley on Federal Highway, just out the Oakland Park Boulevard?
150.
Week.
Oh, big time.
That is tragic.
150 bucks in the first hour.
He's only gonna be there at two o'clock.
My God, what is with you people?
I guess our audience either with their gone
or they're, see that's a good excuse.
Oh, you're just talking to yourself, Neil.
That's the reason you're not raising all that money.
Bullcrab.
That's Bullcrab.
They're just cheap.
They're a bunch of cheap bastards.
They want to help out the event at pet rescue,
which is shameful.
Hanukkah starts at sundown.
Christmas is a week from yesterday.
And they don't have 20 bucks for a best in the LCD.
Or one of those unbelievable.
More Howard David of Keychains.
One of those collectors, I'm Zachary Croson,
we could do.
He worth a lot of cash.
Anyway, George will be there till two at Fort Lauderdale, Harley.
Go buy and get some of that free food too.
Miami TV station suspends program after
active met with Castro.
This is what South Florida is all about right here
of this story in the Sunsendale.
A Spanish language TV station is stop broadcasting
the program of the Argentine actor.
Because he met with Cuban President Fidel Castro last week.
Incredible.
Channel official said yesterday.
WDLP TV.
To Guillermo Francella's comedy show off the
or until he describes his stance on the Castro government,
station official said the program is recorded in
Francella's native Argentina where it is still broadcast.
The majority of South Florida's Spanish speakers are Cuban American
and most of them opposed Castro's communist like government.
No, we are supportive of Miami's Cuban American community
which has had a negative reaction to Francella's visit to Cuba.
WDLP spokesman woman Sonia Coulan said.
Francella was in Cuba for a Latin American film festival
and met with Castro last Friday.
El Nuevo Harold reported on his website yesterday.
The Argentine Embassy in Havana released a statement saying the meeting was
relaxed and affable.
She said station officials tried on successfully the contact
for Encella who couldn't be immediately reached on Thursday.
Starting several Argentine movies including
my dad is an idol and a day in paradise.
When you like to spend a day in paradise.
Been there, done that.
So anyway, there you go.
Can't have that guy in WD whatever channel that is channel 195.
No speaking in Lace channel.
Very sad.
More censorship in Miami.
That's what's all about.
Because we have certain repressive elements of the community
who just continue keeping it a banana republic south of the day.
Broward line.
That's what it is.
Sad.
622 votes.
One more.
They got no chance at 900.
Maybe 800.
I doubt it.
Why do you think the audience seems to be shrinking?
Oh, we're up to 58% who think it's bullcrap.
The ratings are wrong.
The audience is still there.
Up to 58%.
Never you sure?
Sure.
No.
He's too liberal.
Too anti-Boys 74.
Too much boot batching.
Boots bashing.
We got to kick their kiss of boot ass.
What do you say?
No.
No.
If we had numbers like the fan used to have,
I'd still be on here.
Rip and Bush in essence.
And deservedly so.
The show is too newsy again.
48.
Too newsy.
For else firing pissed off the audience.
48.
He's not a touch with South Florida 41.
He needs a new wardrobe.
22.
Too much more bashings only got 18.
They love when we bash.
Absolutely.
So take an hour and do it.
I just listened to his little shot of me this morning too.
What are you saying?
Oh, he's basically what they said that, uh,
you know, Hank fired me and everyone fired me.
And now I'm just sucking up to you and all the stuff.
Yeah, Roger.
But he's finally admitted that he was avoiding talking about the truth
when he was a...
Where do you get your information when he denied the fact that he can't you off that show?
Right.
See, always trying to paint himself as Mr. Nysky went in fact, he's a prick.
And uh, too old, I mean me, 10 only 10.
I was 622.
So I guess I'm not too old yet.
That'll be next year.
Let's see, Mike, one of our chronic faxes once did the guiding Shiite.
No problem, Mike.
Even though it's pretty ponderous.
I like it, but we just got through a plane that they're there.
But I'll play it again.
It's a holiday season, right?
We don't really care.
It'll kill like a minute and a half.
W-Q-A-M.
Not there.
I was just about to burst them a happy Chanooka.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Damn.
Too late.
Too slow.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
5670560.
Count 560 on the 18&T.
And Verizon, Marla's line.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
I'm trying to reach the new register.
You're speaking to them.
Neil.
Yes.
How are you?
Pretty good.
I just, um, one of the purposes of what I'm going to say with saying that I listen to your show
no matter what.
And I actually do agree with everything, Sabah Bush.
But I actually do think that you're losing your audience because of the fact that you're
your bashing Bush.
Let's face it, and all the right wingers don't want to hear the truth.
Well, I want to ask you this question, okay.
Was I bashing Bush in September?
Yeah, you probably were.
I mean, you're-
You're bashing, I mean, all summer long.
I haven't said anything different about Bush in the last two months that I've always said
all along.
And I don't think that has anything to do with it.
I mean, you know, I put it on the pole, but I think it has nothing to do with it.
My opinion on Bush has been the same for many stole the election.
That's three years ago, plus.
But we don't want to hear that, Neil.
And again, I think I agree with everything you say.
He is a person you can bash.
You should bash it.
Right.
And I will continue doing it.
Absolutely.
I agree with you.
And you should.
You're the only beacon of light in this country.
That's what I always say.
I agree with you.
And continue doing your good work.
Thanks for the look job, Pali.
Have a great holiday.
I love you, Neil.
Bye-bye.
Take care.
Here you go.
See, you look me from head to toe.
I'll ride.
Squirt, Squirt.
It was an emotional experience.
I bet.
See, I don't buy that.
I mean, I put it on there because we had to have some reasons
just like the thing about my being out of touch.
I sound like I'm right there.
In fact, for all they know, I am right there.
I might be at the hockey game tonight.
They don't know.
If I said I was sitting in my living room at home,
they wouldn't know.
It's because I've heard it.
It sounds just like I'm right there, don't they?
Like you're right on my lap.
Oh, God, what a thought.
I guess that hears my lunch plans.
Justin Timberlake says this week's the December 30th
National Inquirer and Instinct Band members are racist.
How do you like that?
Charges their former tour manager
in a $10 million lawsuit.
What a bunch of freaks.
Man, that's a man.
Justin Timberlake and his former Instinct Bandmates
are accused of being insensitive racist monsters
according to shocking court papers.
Shocking.
Oh, my God.
The band's former tour manager, Ibrahim Dwarthe.
What kind of a name is that?
Ibrahim Dwarthe filed a $10 million
lawsuit in November 25th in New York Supreme Court,
saying he was fired without warning in 2000
after suffering a constant parage of racial remarks,
incidents, and humiliation.
In one fiery confrontation, Tinkerbell,
now a successful solo artist exhibited a
astounding racial insensitivity
according to the complaint.
The singer, according to Mr. Dwarthe, said,
you niggas ain't schmit.
Dwarthe's attorney Douglas Wigdor told the Inquirer
Justin Timberlake used the N word to Mr. Dwarthe frequently.
The Inquirer obtained the court papers
charging that Dwarthe worked stretches of 8 to 12
straight weeks without taking a day off.
But despite his dedication to his job
and immeasurable contribution to this
successfully mediocre band, he was subjected to a
pervasive pattern of a discriminatory
treatment based on his race and or color
once the band attained popularity.
In a shocking accusation, shocking.
Oh, my God.
The documents assert Mr. Dwarthe was treated like a
second-class citizen who was subjected
to racially offensive comments
and treatment by the members of the band.
Ready for that?
Okay.
You can read more in the Inquirer.
Also read about Michael Jackson.
Maybe the father than kids is if we didn't
read the already know that.
And it's if we don't already know that he's
guilty as hell.
And that Larry King put on a
a shield job last night.
Larry ought to be ashamed of yourself, man.
What a disgrace.
A disgrace to the human freak.
You're raised a whole 60 minutes.
Sick on the day that they actually filed a
charges and what do you see the best he can put on there?
He puts on Mark Garagos in your main, Jackson.
I've been doing this a long time.
That's sad. You're also the guy who gave us
Ross Perot, you know?
Jackass,
ass-licker,
scumbag, give her a penny, buddy, back.
No.
No, never paid back a dime.
Made millions and millions and millions
of dollars.
I know how to do a talk show.
Yeah, well, when you're going to start,
instead of tossing them cream puffs.
I do like cream puffs though, don't you?
Oh, they're spectacular, man.
Two things I love.
I love chocolate declares.
Oh, look at my favorite.
But.
And I haven't had a real a real cream puff
in a very long time.
I can't remember the last time I had one.
Where do you get cream puffs?
Oh, seriously.
I mean, what kind of a bakery makes cream puffs?
I'm mother used to making that time.
I bet the public is.
Hey, by the way, Norm, call my mother, you idiot.
That Norma can't, man.
She is as useless as he eats on a goddamn frog.
But I haven't had cream puffs in years.
And we should be talking about eating stuff like that.
Although, what else I love?
What's that?
At Doris Market, they have chocolate canolies.
Ooh, I love canolies.
Like from Mike's pastries in the North End and Boston.
Oh, I don't know.
They got a chocolate covered canolies
that is so unbelievably good.
That's gonna make your, that's gonna make your anger.
It's a dance, huh?
Good for you, right?
No carbs in that, right?
Yeah, good for what Alzy as they say.
It'll help what Alzy.
114.
Now, speaking of that, what a great time to talk about the lights
in West Goka.
What a segue, my god.
If you're a fan pig like me in a beast,
if all you think about is food and food and food
and mange, you're my,
here's a place where I got a lot of great food,
but at least it's good for you.
It's not loaded all of them calories and carbs.
The lights in West Goka is strictly for you people
who are looking to lose weight on the addkins
or other low carb diets.
Please don't do that, the South Beach diet.
Did you tell me your father's own?
My parents are both on it, yeah.
Oh, they're all cut up.
They call me every day.
Oh, it must not have a pound.
And the book is so great.
And it's such a sad rip off of the addkins, man.
It's weak.
Anyway, no matter which one you're on,
it's pick your own poison.
The lights has got over a thousand low-car
products in stock.
And this one, great store.
Breads and bagels, cheesecakes,
brownies, muffins, chocolates, pasta and sauces.
Their pasta sauces, by the way, fantastic.
Tips and dips, soups, ketchup,
that exciting carbolite ice cream.
Next time you want ice cream, beast,
that's the one to get carbolite.
Not that other one I know.
You left in the bowl, a lot of it.
Champion light drinks in five delicious flavors.
They're back, walnut brownies back in tool carb.
Flaxomel granola, Judy's low carb, peanut brittle.
Champion light drinks, I just got through saying that.
Simply low carb, bread with stevia, uniquely delicious taste.
And La Nuba jams in seven gourmet flavors
for you to jam on it.
And of course one of the great things in the lights
is if you're not really sure if you're going to like any
of the stuff in the store, you can try before you die.
Buy it and before you die.
They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
The Atkins Breads products are on sale all day,
every day, even on circus at the lights.
So find them on the Northeast corner of Glazing441
right next to Boston Market or column tool free,
1-877 Low Carb, L-O-W-C-R-B
on webfindamidlocarb.com.
Delight, so West Boker, your official Atkins retail center.
Fly in local, your sports video 560, she went to UAM.
So popper, like nothing you've seen before.
Excuse me, a steam father.
What is it my child?
I have something I must tell you.
What is it my daughter?
Oh father, I am afraid to tell you.
Afraid to tell me your own father?
I fear I will be ashamed upon our family.
Nonsense, I am your father.
I love you very much.
You must tell me what is wrong.
You promised you would still love me?
Of course my sweet child.
A father's love is not erased by a simple misdeed.
Very well, I am.
I am pregnant.
Oh, I see.
Do you still love me father?
Of course I do.
But since you are pregnant and not married.
Yes father?
I am afraid I must drag you down to the town square
and with the help of my friends and neighbors
I'll stone you today.
Trust my daughter, it is written that this is the punishment for what you have done.
Could you check again father?
I should only be grounded.
Grounding is not what.
I must have you stoned.
It is the first time that my focus is on a fundamentalist, Middle Eastern family.
May I speak with you my esteemed husband?
What did you do to my wife?
Oh, I have something to tell you.
What did you mean by this?
I am having an affair.
Oh, what do I see?
Are you going?
Out to the backyard, you collect some stones.
What do you mean?
Yes, I must drag you to the town square
where you will of course be stoned today.
You'll be mesmerized.
Any problem lives or they fuck that family.
And they deal with the many problems that plague them.
May I speak with you my esteemed father?
Yes, my son.
Yes, my son.
Your father.
Last night I used a little drugs.
Well, what do you know?
You are one lucky boy.
Oh, why is that father?
You are going to get stoned two nights in a row.
You will not let him in.
The guiding shea.
The guiding shea.
There's shot on location in fact.
There are.
Once money at five security.
It's a great fact.
You just sent me from C Ryan.
Yeah, I saw that.
I saw that.
Who lives on St. Clair Avenue east in Toronto.
Said, your Mr. Rogers, I'd like to take this opportunity to express my admiration for you.
And you're sure I've been an avid listener for five years.
And while I no longer live in South Florida, I log on daily to your website, listen via the web.
I share an outcast political to use in a similar sentiment on dysfunction in South Florida.
After listening to you describe the quality of life I had in Toronto, I decided to visit and return numerous times.
Three years later, I made the decision to remove myself from the oppressive heat,
instability and alarming crime statistics.
And we locate the T.O.
I couldn't be happy with my decision.
Oh, right.
I'd welcome an opportunity me up with you here in Toronto.
I have great respect for your longevity on the awayze and libertarian views in mind.
Said, being partnered to a Leafs fan, I look forward to your daily comments on Toronto's hockey obsession.
Like the Leafs TV, for example.
Now, let's get back to Leafs lunch with Bill Waters and Jeff Merrick.
There you go.
We're obsessed.
Leafs tonight against the caps, I think.
Yeah, caps.
Think we can leave the last 12 games, 23, have a possible 24 points.
They're in first place in the, uh, no, they're not.
They've got a point.
They lost last night, overtime and Tampa.
Leafs are kickin' ass.
Anyway, thank you very much, A.
That makes me feel good that actually somebody or listen to me and they're having a wonderful life.
And I, that's a positive thing.
Say, that's a positive stroke.
US coordinates is net music because,
as Pean has mentioned this before, but I should like read this.
It's short for all those people who want to do illegal stuff over the weekend.
In a surprise setback for the recording industry,
our US appeal score said today its methods for tracking down those who copy its music over the internet
are not authorized by law.
All right.
The recording industry association of America
paid trade group has sought to force Verizon communications and other internet service providers
to reveal the names of customers its suspects may be copying music without permission.
The recording industry says the widespread copying of music over the internet is partly
to blame for falling CD sales.
Verizon's argue that existing copyright law does not give the recording industry such authority
and its customers privacy was being violated.
Lower court earlier this year upheld the recording industry tactics,
which have served as the basis for hundreds of lawsuits filed against individual internet users,
but in a strongly worded ruling, the appeals court sided with Verizon saying an 1998
copyright law does not give copyright holders the ability to subpoena customer names from internet
providers without filing a formal lawsuit.
In some way agree with Verizon that the law does not by its terms authorize these opinions they
should hear Chief Judge Douglas Ginsburg wrote, need to Verizon or the RIAA was immediately
available for comedy.
So there you go that's good news for all you pirates out there.
I'm really tempted to be the story about Hinkley and the Bush family about a better not.
Don't want to get too newsy.
Too newsy.
How's George doing out there at that joint at Fort Lauderdale Harley?
Too fitty.
That's not too bad.
Not too bad.
I'd like to see him get to 500 by 2 o'clock.
That would make me feel like he accomplished something out there beside just sitting there
and making a few extra bucks.
Twitter and this is, huh?
On his vacation, no less.
On his vacation, I mean here's a guy comes out on his vacation.
He's got the family to take care of.
He's got all the Christmas shop I'd do, which is probably why there needs the cash.
And he takes off to go out there and meet and greet all you clowns out there.
And 250 bucks is pretty weak.
We can do a hell of a lot better than that.
George Rodriguez right now is at Fort Lauderdale Harley on federal,
the South of Oakland Park Boulevard, pre-food and electricity subs.
Stop by fast.
Get the sandwiches from the Assamuchaman.
And then speaking of Assamuchaman, he'll be tomorrow at the place where they really like his
sandwiches.
They have no idea who he is.
The audience thinks that's sticking and it's true.
They haven't got any clue who he is or anything about QAM.
I'll speak in English, i.e.
11 to 1 at Bill Scydles Boulevard of Savings, North West 36, the street just
west of 27.
That would remind me tomorrow 11 to 1, George will be there.
Stop by to win prizes again, three food from Atlantic City subs,
where Ira definitely makes the difference.
And you can stop by and see George and say,
hey, here's a bunch of money for those animals.
And by the way, we're really delighted you're going to be on all next week
and the old man will be off on vacation.
I'm delighted, I'm ecstatic.
Are we going to make it to 700 least on this thing?
Oh yeah, look at what we got on there, diabetes.
Oh no, oh no, that's an oven.
Absolutely.
Holy crap, we got 666.
I can't believe that.
And both of the streets, oh no.
666.
Better refresh it one more time.
I'm out of the closet.
The Antichrist, El Anticlisto.
We told you, communist island, Anticlisto.
Man, oh man, too many Maurice Greasy asses in South Florida.
That's a problem.
We need a people transplant.
What?
You know, that's true.
667, we're up there.
Oh, thank the Lord, we got off of that number.
Man, that was the nasty number.
Six, oh, I got 668, see?
I have a heavy, heavy QA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
Want to speak to Neil?
Speaking.
Oh, Neil, how do a couple of ideas for the boost ratings?
Number one, tell us a lot more stories about how much you're a asshole,
Moeys.
Yeah.
And number two,
give the doctor a great shake, a reunite, um, you and so handry.
Maybe I'll, you know, put them on later on by the night or take them away from WI.
No, no, we don't, we don't put right wingers on here in the station.
567 only to sports guys.
567, oh, 560.
Are you sure?
pound 560 on the AT&T.
See, there's a guy he means well, he's living in the past.
Those days are over.
Those days are really.
That was the guy that fasted, you know, if you can just recreate WIOD, you'll be okay.
Yeah, I mean, he, the guys right, it was great.
We had a lot of fun.
We had a great lineup.
Cox brought casting in no idea what they had or how to market or sell it.
They, you know, clues.
They're a lot better off of what they're doing now.
Just put on a bunch of slush putting on the, you know,
they don't like the hassles.
You know, I mean, I'll grant that they didn't, they let us know.
They don't want to be hassled with complaints and with the whole AM radio thing.
What they really wanted was just putting on a bunch of jukeboxes, you know,
they got the jams now they bought in hot 105 and the coast where they play a bunch of slush.
And that's what they like.
That's my opinion.
I'm like dizzy.
I've heard plenty about you by the way, Red Nose.
Yeah, Rudolph gets a sick at Christmas day.
I tell Saturday that Disney's available.
126 at 560 QAN.
Come my white and little Nós velocity for material by city.
And Danny, Jimmy and Danny, when.
Dannymon.
Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny
and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and
Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny
and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and
And Danny and Danny and Danny and Ddoch can tell.
and Danny1 Th.
And Dave and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny are on a part of the model team.
You had almost the whole show on while I was sitting here this morning.
Right.
And I didn't hear any other than the comments about you and being an asshole.
By the way, you redeem yourself today, Beast. Good job.
I try to learn my lesson right through the week.
Pretty disappointing.
I know.
Today you redeem yourself.
Okay.
Not spectacular, but big improvement.
I'll make it.
But anyway, you see what I'm saying about the dolphin stuff?
It's ponderous.
Well, because let's look at even the sports nerds.
What percentage, especially in a transient area like South Florida where you have fans of so many different teams, like us, for example.
But what percentage of the fans you think are dolphin fans?
About third man.
I'd say like about 70, right?
Right.
70%.
But even those people could probably handle only so much because every year it's the same thing when gnashing of teeth and is it Jimmy or Danny or Jay or Brian or Jay and one day.
And it's just impossible.
It's bad radio.
But the misconception is that every single dolphin fan, every person that reached the dolphin listens to the station.
Of course not.
Which is not true.
In addition to what you've here be called, the origins of that Jimmy and Danny thing, it took yours truly Mr. Anti-Sports Talk.
I was the one that embarrassed the station and to finally tell all of the guys that, hey listen, that's just getting too much to cut it out.
And when in doubt, just to stop those calls.
Remember that?
Yep.
Yeah.
I mean, didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that's all they were talking about.
Because the dolphin fans unfortunately, I don't understand that brains are rotting from years and years of frustration now.
But that's all they know to talk about.
Oh, what was us?
What was us and how could this happen again?
And are we cursed out here Jim Bowen?
All this other crap, you know, it's it's a ponderous man.
Another crisis for Roy.
I must forgot about this.
Exploring the inquirer.
Vegas legend.
Roy.
Warren plunged to when they're into a new medical nightmare when doctors discovered his vocal cords were paralyzed and his voice could be gone forever.
That's the latest crisis to be set to beloved sick free to end the star since the October 3rd Tiger attack.
The left to fame the illusionist on the brick of death.
And by the way, that thing will stay on our website for a long time.
I like it.
By the way, we have a gentleman here who is buying some best of CDs.
Thanks a lot, Pali.
Have a great holiday.
And a make matters worse.
The inquirers learned that his beloved partner, sick free, his beloved partner.
Recently had to undergo emergency urinary tract surgery.
At the same time that Roy was recuperating for an operation, replace a piece of his skull.
Oh, man.
This.
The inquirer has also learned that Roy underwent a tracheotomy in the midst of his battle for his life.
These guys have been the hell in back.
It's one crisis after another a source close to the holy inquirer.
Roy.
The growth and infection after undergoing a tracheotomy.
While making attempts to resolve that problem, specialist discover that Roy's vocal cords were paralyzed.
Dr. Sturd, he might never talk again.
And it goes on.
His latest crisis comes on top of the delicate six-hour surgery.
He underwent a number five to replace a piece of his skull that had been removed earlier to relieve pressure on his brain.
How do you like that?
No, I don't.
So there's the latest news about an A2 promising.
It's not good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Don't forget, Joe and Mark, they do a really good thing here.
They're doing it right now.
They're at Cafe Aguana, tempered pine, southwest corner, pines and university.
They'll be there until seven o'clock tonight to benefit Joe to measure children's hospital.
They're looking for you to bring by new unwrap toys for the kids at Joe to measure children's hospital.
Like I said before, just because we hated Joe D like poison and he was a real asshole, doesn't mean we don't want to help out those kids.
So help them out.
And also don't forget George who's got about $1,000 already.
He does.
I just made that up to try to inspire people to jump on the vanway.
He doesn't.
And we haven't heard 250 still 250.
Well, he called back and said still 250 years out like you're going to.
No, no, that was the last report just relaxed.
I don't know.
Don't say no.
The pressure is getting to is a lot of pressure here.
PR Ralph says.
Let's see.
It means I'll listen to the next few years and then what?
Well, what does he mean by that?
This is George is good, buddy.
Don't put your job.
I'm okay.
No.
Sorry.
Oh, that was bad.
That was really bad.
That was the worst thing I've ever heard you do.
You know, you can just in that one laugh, you could read into a million words in there.
What a shut.
Look, I love George and I listen to the Japanese on, but I just don't think that.
I just, I mean, who am I to say?
But I have a feeling that I don't, I'm not.
That it don't look good.
Yeah.
But anyway, PR Ralph says he's listening to me for the last 15 years.
We'll get back to that George business because that was bad.
Sorry.
I have some ideas about that.
What about the Neil Rogers show featuring George Rodriguez?
And I make like some, you know, appearances here and there when they least expect it, you know?
We talked about that before the show.
Like when Johnny was on and then Jay would be on all the time or tone rivers.
And then once in a while, Johnny would be in there and.
Right.
He'd love it.
But they could still call it the Neil Rogers show.
Sure.
And they could, because all they care about is the money anyway from the advertisers.
They can fake their way through.
And it would probably take at least a year before anybody.
Because I think so much vacation time anyway.
Before people realized it was a big scam anyway.
And that I wasn't there at all.
It's like the Howard David show when Goldies there half the time because Howard.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Well, Gelly wasn't there this morning and boy, it was pretty grim.
It's not like he was doing a show on a can.
Sound like he was in the turlid.
You know, I mean, he had like that that the closety sound.
Echoey?
Yeah.
Like he was in a broom closet.
Anyway, he says, have a happy holiday.
Let's see.
What is that?
Oh, his birthday is December 27th.
Hey, listen, PR Ralph.
George would be more than happy to wish you happy birthday.
But I'll do it anyway.
Also, what is it with Joe Kimba mad dog playing Tom Jones, the village people after the breaks?
It's the sounds like a gay club.
Well, maybe it is a gay club.
They all used to take showers together.
Yeah, that's the one thing we're a little bit too are concerned about that music.
The read you at music.
All it does to me is it's the wasted lot of time.
I'm not big on that.
And it says one final Buffalo Bill's fight song.
Now, why would PR Ralph be saying that?
See a Buffalo Bill for?
I don't know.
I'm not going to play the whole thing because that would be rubbing it in, you know.
Just a little bit.
Are you sure Buffalo has a football team that greatest in the land?
Has everybody think that great?
Has they really?
The Buffalo Bill's not enough for what?
See what I mean?
Yeah, I see what you mean.
Okay, that's where you'll PR Ralph.
Have a great holiday.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Any news?
How's it going?
Pretty good.
I think we didn't Roy thing.
If it's voice.
Roy.
If it's voice.
Fairly.
Maybe they could be the next pen and cell.
Could be.
So, think about.
Thanks.
Have a great day.
Oh, that's bad.
That was almost as bad as you laughed at a George.
That was terrible.
It wasn't just the fact that you laughed but the way you laughed.
I mean, just like totally uncontrolled as if that was the most ridiculous statement that you ever heard in your life.
It just came out.
I don't know.
It just blurred it out.
Yeah, I know.
That's what happened.
I've had all that ice cream in the night too.
Don't remind me.
When in doubt, it just came out.
It's my pen local.
This is Fort Real by Sikki.
You can wear it.
Of the Queen of South Florida, Neil Rogers should be in Booking in Palace but we'll keep him here.
Oh, this sounds like piling on and rubbing it into me.
All right.
Miami has the dolphins.
They're the worst football team.
Absolutely.
They scrub the ball from goal to goal like no one's ever seen.
They're on the ground.
That's where they'll stay.
They're never in control.
And when you say Miami,
you're talking toilet holders.
They're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teens in a week?
Five or thirty men.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Don't bet on them.
You'll always lose.
They don't know how to tackle.
They don't know how to pluck.
Their coaches ought to tell them to put then-day in their jocks.
Then they would run much faster.
And even in defeat.
When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami.
And they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teens in a week?
Three two.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
The team that hasn't got a clue.
Miami has the dolphins,
but the dolphins have no fans.
Just fifty thousand assholes sitting in the stands.
They watch the game and all they do is moan and gripe and bitch.
I wonder how Jo Rabi got to be so goddamn rich.
And they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teens in a week?
Three two.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
I hear the crowd begin to boo.
The dolphins have J. Feedler.
That quarter backs at you.
Run down the field and he will throw a pass over you.
I'll never win a Super Bowl.
You shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut.
That doesn't mean that he was circumcised in there.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teens in a week?
Three two.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
J. calls his signals and he broo.
The dolphins have no defense and their offense is a joke.
Like George Bush eating pretzels.
You know they're gonna choke.
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race.
With fewer points than Pac-Marx on high zingas of leaf face in there.
The Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Number.
Oh what the hell.
32 Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Now they're through.
Absolutely.
Oh right.
147 and 560.
This stand that said the facts about that song.
I do something with that guy.
You know instead of leaving him hang and he'd like to give a copy of it.
Huh okay.
Same that facts for George.
Maybe George can make you a few bucks.
We'll do.
Make him a tape letter.
How do you like this freedom tower they're gonna build on the World Trade Center site?
1776 feet.
It's gonna be the tallest building in the world.
I don't like it.
Why not?
Because it impresses me.
Call me a little funny, buddy.
But it impresses me as being like kind of an invitation like, hey let's see if you guys can do it again you know.
They would try it again.
Right.
No way.
Come on they learn once.
Have a day.
Right they learn their lesson.
711.
Yeah.
What we'll do is we'll go overthrow some dictator like maybe in France.
We'll throw it through a Jacques Chirac just to you know teach them to give us that statue of liberty.
Sounds good to me.
701 votes.
Although they do have great pastries.
They have cream puffs over there.
No, I was just thinking that.
They're in Amsterdam.
There is a bakery on the dam rack on the main tourist rack.
It's a French bakery.
A man in the morning on a weekday when the people are going to work.
They line up there for the croissance.
They line up like a block.
And I just I never look in those places because I dance and look at my look.
It's just like the end of me.
I don't know if it's anything in South Miami.
There's a great French bakery that has all that sort of stuff.
Again the morning.
Oh.
711 votes.
What do you think?
Why do you think the oldest audience appears to be shrinking?
The ratings are wrong.
The audience is still there.
401 confident people out there.
57.2%.
He's too liberal to anti-bush.
87.
The show is too newsy again.
Too newsy man.
It's your fault.
You should have kept warning me.
Don't read that stuff.
Too newsy.
Yeah.
60.
Too newsy.
Feral's firing pissed off the audience.
53 now.
See, it's really hard to tell because that might actually be the definitive reason.
But the feral people are pissed off.
They're all gone anyway.
Say, they're pounding now.
No, they are.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
They're pounding.
You know, you have a little bit there where he talks about the you know what, the pipe smoked.
Yeah, all that stuff, yeah.
I mean, if you, I can't trust me,
I can't sit there.
I cannot sit there.
There was something he would say.
I just just say to Zach in a group aside to be like,
do people really think like this?
Like, does someone actually believe this.
Like, what'd he,
Does something come out of his mouth?
That.
That just what?
Give us one example. I can't. He's a kid bed. He's like feeding up a little bit you some bleeps in there
Just I'll leave in the happy out. I'll throw one. There you go
Give us an example the just the you know having to do with your orifice and what could be in there and
yeah, and
You know in what end this and that and so another thought you're saying is you know obsessed with my ass is what you're saying
Oh, not you're ass not you're ass
Yeah, I'm obsessed. I'm delighted to hear it mo
Piece of crap one fifty one at five sixty. Absolutely. You I am
Try the you
Bruster tonight on ABC experience Christmas the NYPD blueway
But naked and wrong to be there. I'm
F***ing home whoops. You're naked and I'm so
F***ing glad to see you. I have a f***ing surprise. Of course you're f***ing naked not that
It's all bad. Ah you got me a f***ing Christmas present. That's a
F***ing sweet. Thank you. S*** it whole big ass
Caw bag and second mother f***ing poop who hit my pleasure. Hey, let's
Hey, I better remove my whole step. It's Roger. Turn for everyone NYPD blue the Christmas special tonight right after
Luther Campbell's Christmas Carol on ABC
155 at 560 W. Can we have Curtis Stevenson sitting by he'll be on for a mad dog today
We got the low it for Hank the load
Goldberg and then you got the day wants that show between five and six could be like I said a collector's item tape it
Why why you you don't sound like you're laughing you sound like you have emphysemen on I don't
Like that. There's no to be one more. They I mean they have a game next week like I said
It's getting close to the end Dave then you got your Panther previous being a close to the end at seven
Gallup
Dallas starts at 7 30 at the Panthers at the Meta Karina followed by any of the K for a
Gamling degenerates out there speaking over you want to bet on that new stadium or not? Wow
City of Miami yesterday they voted
They're not going to commit any money of their own because they don't have any their bankrupt all the time
But they're going to ask the day county commissioners to seek a half-body sales tax to raise
225 million to build that ballpark for the Marlins, but
but
The Marlins estimate the cost of the projection to 25 million dollars assuming Miami donates the land and they say oh no
We're not going to donate the land so that would make it 450 minutes now. We're talking about a half a billion dollar project and
What they want to do is put this on a March 9th referendum in Dave County
Let and see if the people are scooped up. I mean if they were that gung ho enough to say hey
Let's build the Marlins a great stadium and then they will come
We'll see what they
No
Not unless there you know gigantic winner again. They might just have to send Pudge Packing by the way Pudge
We hate to like poison. I hope that you're your ass falls off in Baltimore. Okay, you jackass
I hear all St. Petersburg time a pull of voters statewide this month found overwhelming opposition using any state tax money for the stadium
With 80% against and 15% in favor the poll didn't break down the results by county
But found that they saw for a region
71% against using state tax money and 23% in favor got those numbers 71 against 23 in favor
Okay, that's in South Florida in general. Maybe the people in day wanted bad and the stadium too you think?
I'm a thanks for we'll see Mars thine through it do whatever whatever turns you on man
I live in Brown ain't gonna cause me a dime and I get my tickets for free 5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T in for right now. Let's get in a whole bunch of calls before we have to call it the
Finito today, huh before we wrap it all up WQ I am
Yeah, I do a nil. Thanks pretty good my call
My name is Lance and I'm a photographer. Did you get a chance to see the river Jones?
Sure and river Jones
Reverend Jones
Again, yeah, WQA. Hello
Hey, why didn't you tell that guy that wants to dolphin song that is on the CD and why doesn't he stop being a cheap game gone by one?
I didn't even realize I forgot I was on the CD it certainly is I got it in my hand right now and
Yeah, you're right and seeing a KJ has daughters in kindergarten now and it's why he's not hearing around like a prop anymore
You have mentioned that George W. Bush had the mentality that kindergarten or what have you know my kindergarten
Or a hundred times smarter than George and I believe it have a great holiday sweetheart
I think
Hi, I think I think I'm a better a bigger part of big update. We're at seven 10 get out of town
710 WGBS. How's Ken Maldon doing Ken there today?
Should be I don't know I think I heard it was sick
I beg your pardon
Did I ask a bad question what I'm going on vacation tomorrow?
I don't want to have to wait again. You mean like with the flu or something or yeah, oh
Jesus no, no, yeah, like a cold. Oh, well. Don't give me all scared like no no no no no no you know how old parts are anyway
Dolphins are cut number 23 that so for the guy that called for a stand
Just give one of those best in the unit in order right off the website or you can go out and see George tomorrow
Like that wherever he's gonna be 710 is not bad. Nice going George. Join George tomorrow
11 to 1 at Bill Seidel's Boulevard of savings joined the sandwich a man at
Northwest 36. We just was to 27th Avenue stop by to win prizes free food from the Atlantic City
And get our best in the merchandise for abandoned pay rescue have a great conica and Merry Christmas
Great job Josh and the beast this week especially the beast really redeem yourself. I tried almost
