Cast down low, we're giving him a taste of the vibrancy with the cracker,
barrel and an apple of bees back dead.
The corporate war is one back dead.
We only just begun back dead.
The world is hard, you know, I'll have a lot of deep fried candy toast to go.
Just like the mad easy one or two, there was a whole lot of art for the brass of the boost back dead.
Grab everything you can back dead.
They won't be doing that again back dead.
Hey, if you want two words, anybody know what the rattlers for?
You want some water? Well, now it's art.
We'll sell you a bottle for a nominal charge back dead.
We got to stop and digs back dead.
I'd rather go on a knee back back dead.
Now push his gun.
That little boy gets anything he wants.
I have a little boy gets anything he wants.
That little boy gets anything he wants.
Oh, yeah.
Boom, back dead.
I think I'm pleased this punch.
We got this new email.
So I'm going this.
I'm spelled an ability people guy.
This is great.
That's got to get on our website immediately.
Not sooner.
It will be.
It's eating lunch right now.
Give him a break.
I like the way rump's got his hands on the podium.
They're like, he's done it all for you.
I like the lot of guys going on all fours lately.
It looks like it's the new thing.
And we got another entry for a contest, which is good.
We're still for the hot couples contest.
We got the Darren and what's your name?
Darren and Holly.
Yes.
Two pictures for the price of one.
Well, you'll pick whichever one you want to stick on there.
I know which one you want to stick.
But that's great.
So we're starting to make a little bit of progress.
You don't, you know, it's going to take a while.
What's going to take about two, three years?
Right.
To get back to the way we were, the attend to let's have the way we were.
Let's sing that.
Barbara's dry sand the way we were.
His stand-up cross-eyed bitch with her big nose with her crappy attitude.
You know, James Brolin is doing her now because he's old and skanky looking much.
You think when he was younger, he never touched her.
Yeah.
James Brolin.
He was a pretty good looking guy.
What was he in?
Movie.
No, but seriously, what TV show was he in James Brolin?
I forgot.
Come on.
Are you serious?
I do a lot of drugs.
Oh, what time was that on?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Great.
Yeah, I just called in to say, I don't think Jorge is gay there.
You know, I think he's just a bisexual.
He likes to try it?
Yeah, he likes to try it all.
Try anything, you know.
Oh, and also remember, Neil?
Remember this always remember.
We rate more.
Okay.
Well, he was doing good after the first part there, you know.
And then he tried to like go a little bit too far.
He's got a big heart on.
Maybe that's the problem.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 3.
Here's the pool today.
Which of these do you care about most?
A lot of votes.
Somebody must be out there.
694 votes.
And this is the second pool.
Keep in mind.
Remember the first one that, uh-huh.
That, uh, which of these broads do you like?
I mean, uh, something like that.
Which of these do you care about the most?
We'll go from the bottom.
Sammy Sosa uses a cork bat 13, 1.8%.
A very minuscule number of people care about that.
Martha Stewart gets indicted only 20.
We know it was coming and screw the bitch anyway.
We hate her.
Is that for our real voice?
33.
So now we're starting to get to the more important stuff.
Well, there really be Middle East piece 81 is George Gay 90.
When his mo-git and can 151.
Well, I tell you something.
He really, he can hold his own, you know.
And where are the weapons of mass destruction?
304, 44% of this audience wants to know.
Where the F are those weapons of mass effing destruction?
Where are they?
Anybody know?
We're working on them.
Here's Jupiter.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yeah?
Hey, I think we should send that North Carolina, uh,
cops that found, uh, Rudolph over to the middie.
Help us find Saddam.
Send him over to Iraq to look for some weapons, yeah.
Well, the weapons troops, uh,
maybe send him over to Israel,
it can find Ariel and other Salami sandwich.
Or maybe Dick Cheney could find Dick Cheney,
or maybe he can find Dick, yeah.
And I think the fix is it.
I think, uh, since ABC is broadcasting the cops this season.
Yeah, um, then the sounds,
does it kind of strange that, uh,
that we got the ducks in the final two aren't the owned by the same company?
Well, I don't, I don't want to drop any names because
there's nothing worse than the name dropper,
but I was going to say,
I snore. Yeah.
Yeah. I think I saw a lot of a sudden, by the way,
they've been trying to unload the ducks for a couple of years now,
ABC and Disney and now all of a sudden,
Isaac's opening up a big mouth about they're going to win in six.
I know.
Yeah.
Well, he's about happy even.
Yeah, I think you're going to need seven.
I figured I wouldn't have, but, uh,
I think it seems a little strange that, uh,
the season that ducks make an unbelievable run to end.
They happen to be owned by the same state.
There you go.
Well, we'll check it out.
We'll put, uh, we'll put child like on a case.
Thanks.
Thanks, Pally.
By the way, we ever get an answer from Fat Boy about that question we had.
No, he's on it though.
The map. He's on it.
Yeah, he's on it.
I bet he.
Oh, yeah.
You find a mattress.
Fat Boy is sprawled on it.
Probably with a goddamn sandwich in each hand.
He makes my ice cream story pale into one significance.
He could probably, he could probably polish off two half gallons in one sitting.
Well, I should, I should feel honored to be reminded by so many gigantic blobs of,
of fat because there's many, uh,
sugar problems as much of it as you as I've got.
At least that only like 600 pounds.
Okay, at least I don't have to be taken out of the building with a crane.
God.
So what's the story with him?
He's working out of the house, right?
Which means what?
It's his dream come true.
He gets to stay in bed with a phone on his lap and his little organizer and the,
and have food brought in and the fat family keeps bringing him food like that.
I was on her out of who they literally had to remove for with a crane.
And through the roof from his house, the 600 bond guy,
though they're going to put a webcam in there so he can attend the conference meetings over here.
The Q&A sales meetings.
And he just,
keep it up, pal.
How'd you like that lame excuse that screw in head for the fact that the log is all screwed up and they don't know what's going on?
What it was Jeff Heistfall.
No, I don't blame the screw in so much because they always like to spring this crap on her.
You know, nobody ever tells her stuff.
That's probably because nobody wants to go back there and smell over, you know.
Here's Merrimar. Hello.
I think I was email it to her.
Merrimar.
Yes, sir.
Question for you.
I think it was on Tuesday.
You were talking about Paul Wolfwood's and I guess it was with his German newspaper.
He had just read the correction on that from the guardian.
Yes, they said that they misinterpreted his comment and they ran a correction.
Okay.
That's why I never heard any more about it.
I mean, on the news.
Yeah, because the garden, well, you wouldn't have heard it on the news anyway.
You mean on the American news?
Forget about the American.
You had to be kidding me.
All right, because I'm waiting for the impeachment hearings.
Look again.
Oh, you know something sure.
This is the best fall I've had in a long time.
I mean seriously.
And not too.
Right.
To the fact Bob Graham said today that his comment was that if it come to find out that they that they fudged at all about this weapons of mass destruction crap that Bush is going to have to answer for it.
Which is kind of code for if you like the last impeachment hearing way to do this one.
Well, I think we should have a poll sometime maybe next week.
It's going to lose their job first Tony Blair or our elective president.
Tony Blair George Bush or Mohaw or David.
I like that.
Well, that would be pretty good.
Oh, by the way, my wife from this to saga.
I'm living in Diane by the least.
Well, mostly Diane lately.
You got it.
And if they tried to talk sphela, they're going to come back out of retirement again for next year.
Come back one more year and he said no way.
Yeah, I think we should bring back Tim Horde.
What do you think?
I think Tim Horton and Carl Brewer be great.
You got it.
In their power.
Go leave.
So thank you.
See it the ACC.
See right up here with his hockey central Toronto in the world is some of you know, I'm sure.
There Tony that this is the worst crap they've ever seen.
What the game is turning to now.
In fact, some of the comments are saying they should go to four on four hockey all the time.
That's just over time.
And I say yes, that sounds great.
Open up the ice man quit the clutching and the grabbing make it exciting.
Let's have some seven to six games.
Let's have some scoring even George.
You don't care about hockey or sports.
Even he likes to score once every couple of years.
Hi, how are you?
I don't know.
I guess he's comic relief.
You know, he really is when you got that sales department for the people we've had back there over the years.
He's he's comic relief.
That great.
How the Q.
I think it's a way of curve.
It's hard to dislike him for a long period of time.
Well, he won't let you.
Yeah, that's right.
In fact, he's like one of the like a cat.
You throw it against the wall.
You shove it out the door and it keeps coming back like that.
Some I told you that story.
Right.
I don't want to say it again because they'll get to pita people after me.
That's a true story though.
I was in summer school in Michigan State and I'm in Abbott Hall, which was a girls dorm.
I think they knew something, but in the summertime, they turned into a guy's dorm.
And anyway, so this little cat keeps showing up at my door and I made the bad mistake.
The first day I fed it something.
I don't know.
And of course it keeps coming back.
And I would pick that thing up and I can't say it because I've said it before, but it's bad.
I like heave it against the wall.
Just get out of here.
I'm trying to take a nap.
And it just it didn't phase it in the least.
It would keep coming back and just it loved me.
Like I guess that's my only pussy story at a pass along, you know?
Pita.
Oh, they'll be knocking on the door anytime.
No, those pita people.
You did what to a cat while shame on you.
We're going to show you a thing or two.
Yeah, I think it's the same cat that went up.
I'm always ahead, I believe.
Hey, I'll tell you something good for you.
That's Oliomad.
I've got some right in the other room.
I got some Oliomad, so I'll tell you all for my blood pressure.
It's great stuff and they've got the best olive oil in the world inside.
East Little capsule super concentrated loaded with health benefits for you.
Oliomad in your system every day can produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol.
And there are 14 different Oliomad formulas from which to choose each one.
Combining pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins and minerals and aerobols to support
specific health needs from your bones, your blood pressure to your immune system and lots
more.
All you do is pick up the formulas that are right for you and what areas you want to improve.
And now there are three new Oliomad formulas.
One to help you sleep, one to help you contort your weight and sell Q10 for your heart.
So pick some up today.
You'll find Oliomad all over town.
Pick some up at Publix, Eckerds, Walgreens, Whole Foods, Markets, Navarros or Sedanos.
Or order Oliomad online if you'd like at OliomadAmerica.com.
If you want information beyond what we just been telling you,
column toll free at 1-866 Oliomad and ask away, there's no obligation.
1-866-653663.
Don't forget for better health, start popping some Oliomad in your foot like right away.
My life in law, this is 4-3-0-5-6-1.
We win in Oliom.
I warm my spinoffins with my career with a life.
Stop getting out in one mouth.
You're not in a way in here.
Hey, you want something to eat?
What do you got?
Nothing.
But I can pour something out of my ass.
No, Moa.
I gotta get going.
I'm starting a new business.
Pretty no good.
Yeah, I'm gonna be a hooker.
I'm proud of my bubbler.
Hey, smell.
Oh, yeah.
You sure you want something to eat, huh?
Oh, I can tell you.
Hey, what are you trying to get locked?
Oh, no, no, no.
I don't know what you're talking about.
You just took a place to a pointful pill.
Different scripts in your morons.
I got them from my deductors.
What that?
That's a...
What's it through you?
My hair is moving as fuel.
My dad just places a mess.
And my underwear smells like hot baloney.
Get out of here.
My favorite show is on.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
We gotta lose it.
Ah!
It's a flip, flip, flip, flip.
Yeah!
It's a flip, flip, flip, flip, flip.
Move, doing it this from prestigious broken-leg toe Friday.
Ah!
Ah!
I mean, come here.
I'd just like to see you.
That's a lovely dress you got on there, your homo.
Thank you.
I'll head back to the believed place.
Oh, my Attouchment, I found mushrooms.
I finish this, chicken Mat.
I completely understand you.
I'm so much more worried about you than the last time.
Oh, I thought it could take the July this Vice President
to pick you up.
Okay.
I'm not going to raise me all this.
Hey you baby, I'm making it big.
Take a look at this here.
Oh no, I'm not going to raise you all this time.
Hey, don't hurt your hair, don't hurt your hair.
I was not ready, you know.
I was not the radio.
Just so funny that you won't feel that thing.
I was not the radio.
I was not the radio.
Oh no, I'm not the radio.
I'm not the radio.
Oh hello.
Duff and I decided to stop by and see how you were doing.
Oh no.
Oh this is terrible.
Oh no.
No, no, no.
I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal his two back.
148 to 560 WQA.
I wonder which was Greg and Duffair,
what was crying?
Horse meat found in Salami.
Food standards, this is in London.
Food standards often say they'll test Salamis
after discovering consumers were unwittingly eating horse meat.
The food standards agency, an independent food safety watchdog,
said it would test more than 100 Salamis.
And other processed meats after an informal survey earlier this year,
found out three of 24 products tested contained horse meat
was enough and declared as an ingredient.
Of the three products found to contain horse meat
two came from Belgium and a third from Italy.
Mmm, we don't know the, I wonder if Enrico Belide drove that horse in the fourth race.
The one from Italy?
You know Enrico Belide?
Huh?
We don't know yet the scale of the problem we want to find out
so the agency's had a food labeling Rosemary Hignette.
Some people made prefer not to eat these products,
even though food safety is not the issue when they are often traditional recipes.
Food standards officers said they would also conduct test to find out
if any products contained donkey meat.
Oh God.
Hignette said local councils across Britain would collect samples of meats including
pistrami and chorizo from supermarkets and over the next few months.
Oh Chorizo, you know, that's that Argentinian sausage, right?
It's just Spanish sausage.
Oh, I loved that.
I had the seminar that was one of the few good things I had in Amsterdam,
one of the few good sausages.
Chorizo, I never had that before.
I ever had it.
Oh yeah.
Pretty good, yeah.
Pretty tasty, pretty spicy.
Only they give you like little, I don't know, maybe because it's so spicy,
it's that little tiny portions.
There's different, uh, different kinds.
Like a little small weiner.
They said, here you go.
Here's something you can relate to.
We have a weiner.
I said, guess what?
I'm not coming back.
You assholes.
How's the belief?
Stick it.
The guy who called before he gave me the pull for it tomorrow.
We haven't finished it yet, but who should lose his job first?
I've got four choices already.
George W. Bush, Tony Blair, Donald Rumsfeld, or Mohawar David.
And we'll add some more on there.
Isn't that great?
Excellent.
I think that's a good pull, something we ain't never done before.
And speaking of be full, don't forget to go on our website today.
Not only vote on the pull, but also take a look at that award winning picture of Mohaw on all fours.
It's a beautiful thing.
What I tell you, Mohawar, practice makes perfect.
Here's Volka.
Hello.
Volka.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I'm on 90 miles from here.
I, first of all, markets, well, that's what Ben James Brolam was on.
He was about 30 years ago.
That was TV.
I called about there.
You were messing the, what they in San Francisco.
I just finished the book by a guy named Schlosser.
Eric Schlosser.
Right.
Black, little underground economy.
Did you read that?
Oh, you'll get some.
It's about three sections, one section.
The first section is about pot, the pot laws, and Ed Rosen,
a blogger's mention to him there several times.
It's a very current book.
One of the cool things about it is that many of the men that come up,
they try to put Bobo away a couple of years ago,
they were trying to pander for the stiff pot laws.
After their kids got busted, they mentioned things.
Some people are like Bob Barnett, Bob Barnett,
another one of the similar to him.
But his kid got busted after saying,
we have to put these people who peddle poison to our children in jail forever.
It's one of the kids that busted carrying 40,000 pots across the country.
So this guy shows up, and his progress is going to show up important to the etiquette.
The kid admits that he had taken, been a part of taking 3,000 pounds across.
They ended up giving him only two years.
They said they wouldn't give them that much, but the violators is bailed three times by doing cocaine.
And so Bobo, the congressman, said,
cleaning people with a judge in tears saying he's such a good boy.
He said he has a good part.
He didn't really need it. Could you please give them a break?
He never told a free train.
Well, that's exactly the exact same thing as the whole BS.
The other thing I wanted to mention, the other book that,
well, these are both one of the New York Times non-fiction bestseller books right now.
It's the guy that writes for the Guardian that, oh man, I forget his name,
starts with a P. He's about number 6 or 7 on the list.
He writes about the Bush senior and how, after Bush senior got out of office,
like the Goldbine in Colorado, the biggest one in the world,
now they gave George Senior all the money to help push the Canadian in the Canadian.
They put up a 10-centre anchor and it shows all the payoffs that the Bush family has gotten over the years.
This guy is a, I think it's drawing either the observer.
You mean my driver's fist, do you?
No, no, his name is like Klotz or something like that.
You look at the top 10 this week in the book review, you'll see it.
They really have one on drive and slips on my mic.
I get some too old. I can remember Marcus Weldon.
There you go. Me too old. We're in a time warp, like Bocagrin.
Okay, I'll look it up.
Thanks.
153 at 560 WQAN.
And my life and love.
This is 430560 WQAN.
You way.
Oh!
From the producers of the iMac War, all wolf-ful-it-said car-roll presents Bush 911,
our fearless hero, starring Robert DuValle as car-roll.
They hit the towers at 1 o'clock this morning and Mel gets it as our glorious and fearless leader for life.
Those bastards, till the kids I'll rejoin at another time, is there?
I pick my face blue.
Three or three times for me to leap into action.
Booh!
Stop right there, evil doers.
You're too late, O'Glorious, Lena. The buildings are down.
They're not old. Jump, run, wait, warrants, all those apples, they lose a grotto justice.
Booh!
All the facts in every detail, carefully calculated to keep you amused.
Bush 911, our fearless hero, only on Showtime.
157 at 560 WQAN.
And my dog, 2 to 4, here's a lady in sunrise. Hello?
Meal.
Yes, ma'am.
I have a good, so let's see more Hoffman film for you.
It's called Love Liza. Have you seen that one?
No.
Oh, this is, it's very intense.
He becomes a houffer. He starts sniffing gasoline after his wife passes away.
And it's just one of those...
Is there any anithuffington in it?
It's just despair. It's like Requiem in that way.
Oh, brother.
Yeah.
Wow.
But check it out.
Did you see Magnolia?
Yeah, I did. I liked it.
You liked it. I'm like those guys.
I liked it. George the Spider-Lie.
I liked it. He said that there were too many loose ends.
No, no, I liked the ending.
That's why life is.
Yeah, the message of the movie is that a bunch of weird crap happens.
Exactly.
What's the point of going to each one of the nine different storylines and having to wrap them all up?
We get the message.
There's really nothing redeeming about it except sometimes life sucks.
Right, exactly. And sometimes frauds fall out of the sky.
Thanks.
Okay, Neil.
Have a great day.
Anyway, the poll today, this was a pretty interesting show.
We were like all over the place.
I enjoyed this today immensely, didn't you?
It was okay. It was a little spastic kind of.
It was okay.
It was four hours.
It was four hours.
Did you ever take a couple of minutes?
I thought it was just fine.
I read the Brian Greacy story out of the hero.
I reread it, which I don't want to talk about because it's a sports thing.
But money is the issue, which is very sad.
The compensation package.
You see that boner boy?
Well, that's the story, but I know.
That was the boner of contention.
It was the, hey, just nauseating.
You know, a kid that could all have money who's got marginal talent at best,
get another chance right there in his, uh, a story, a story of Brian.
750 votes on a poll.
Which of these do you care about most?
Where are the weapons of mass destruction?
330, 44 percent.
Where the hell are they?
We want to know, Mo.
Oh, speaking of that, when is Mo getting canned?
156, want to know.
Is George Gay, 96, where the, uh, will there really be Middle East peace?
93.
Is that Perrell's real voice, 37?
Martha Stewart gets invited, 22, and it preases me more than I can begin to tell you.
In the last place, the least amount of interest by far, 14 people, 1.8% of a flying craft about
whether Sammy used the cork bat or not.
Bye, bye, bye!
Can you run your show on Fice?
He's only two in.
Miami for La La Dela.
He prefers the company of men.
