Uh, Neil, um, it was a set up.
You're the guy that's gonna bring this franchise from the abyss from the edge of oblivion and put him on the map.
Now, in front of me, I mean, you know, he faxes me this morning.
Oh, 30,634.
It was a set up.
It was the fourth in July.
It was Don Trella was free fireworks night.
It was a happening.
The excuses are coming out of you like this gas out of my ass.
What's going on in South Florida?
Is that a risk?
Is that happening?
Big events, FSU and accans, haters and akin.
Everybody shows up.
The rest of the time you won't find them with a search party.
Anyway, here's the Major League Baseball Attendance report as of through last night, okay?
Through that big turnout last night.
Right.
Worst Montreal, of course, they're out of business.
They're going to just the lame duck.
Right.
They're averaging a little over 12,000 a game, right?
Yeah, they draw more in Puerto Rico.
29th Tampa Bay averaging just over 13,000, 187 and 28th, Florida, Marlon's 13,390.
Just a little bit more per game, even in spite of your Herkulean efforts than the Tampa Bay devil ray.
I'm excuse me, the rays.
We don't want to say devil.
See, when we don't have you here and you're there, I have to immerse myself into the community to uphold your standards.
And the only way to do that is by giving away free token outfield seats and beer to fans.
And then last night I was in line.
I was shy about the attendance like they do.
I was surprised.
I'm not the last time.
But I'm sure you're well aware that last year on the last home game of the season.
Yeah.
Because they were in it was up.
It was either the Marlins or the X-poise that were going to be dead last and majorly attendance.
So the owners Jeffrey Lorry and David Samson being the upstanding honest business friend that they are.
And being too embarrassed to want to finish dead last and attendance.
They suddenly found this sugar daddy.
Nobody knows who he is.
He doesn't have a name.
Nobody knows where he was.
But he bought up 23,000 tickets.
Now, none of those people ever showed up.
But he bought out 23,000 tickets allegedly so that they boost up that final game attendance like 28,000, said the 5,000 a shoot.
And they just sweep by Montreal so they wouldn't last.
All right. Now let's talk about my practice.
Not that they lie about the attendance you understand that.
Now let's talk about my breakfast.
Yeah.
For a month now.
Let me see this guy.
Let me see this guy.
I need this guy.
Any guy that can afford to go to the fountain blue and get put up.
That's got that kind of connections.
It doesn't need no free breakfast.
Now let's say this is the reason I'm at South Beach yesterday.
I already have my nieces in New York.
I'm not about Fag City man.
I got my nieces in.
He's called Toronto Fag City.
I need you to find me.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not.."
I'm not.."
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
I'm not about to go to the fountain.
Show me your prisome sign.
I'm about to go to the fountain.
Harry Potter, Harry Potter, Harry, and here my kids and I like
Oh, they said we're so bad, I'm a pretty soda.
I'm a pretty soda.
I'm a pretty soda.
And the best thing is to bring as fancy as I was in the 90's.
Harry Potter, Harry Potter, I'll just wait.
Delicious major, back day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day, day.
Harry Potter, Harry, Harry, Harry Potter, Harry, Harry.
Australian College, Bans Harry Potter.
Christian College and Australia has become the latest institution to ban the Harry Potter books for putting evil wizardry in a good light.
Morantha Christian College near Melbourne, Australia said the books promoted wizardry as normal,
not a message that students should be exposed.
This is a college.
This is not kindergarten.
Not even like middle school or high school.
It's a college.
A Christian college.
A Christian college.
Well, they don't count.
A string of other schools around the world have taken the same step in recent years.
Principal Bert Langarack said as Christians, which craft and eocult are considered evil.
Absolutely.
It's been widely publicized that many children are trying to cast spells as a result of
reading the books, and that is not of you we want held.
Don't be hold on it.
We would deal with St. Macbeth and Hamlet because evil there is being portrayed as evil
and not being portrayed as good.
But in Harry Potter, evil is whatever it is.
That's not true.
A US judge recently overturned a ban by an Arkansas school district after rejecting arguments
that Harry Potter encouraged witchcraft.
A pile of Potter books were burned in New Mexico in December 2001 by a religious group
who claimed Harry was the devil.
And we know better because he ain't the devil.
It's for else the devil, right?
Cheggy.
A preacher at Lurston may, may, may, mark the Chamber of Secrets release by holding a
party in which he shredded copies of Potter books.
The books were successfully removed from private schools in the United Arab Emirates because
the government said the story was contrary to Islamic values.
The latest book, Harry Potter, in the order of the Phoenix was released to worldwide frenzy
on June 21.
And you had sold almost over six million copies by now, but the film is speaking right
now.
You got yours yet?
Oh God.
They're wrong in that article.
About what?
The witch isn't about.
They're not treated as evil.
They're just fortunate.
But I'm just telling you what they said.
They're rational for why they don't take Macbeth and Hamlet out of there because that
would be too embarrassing.
But Harry Potter, that's acceptable, I guess, and I'll straight in some Christian church.
Pilot crap.
You know, there's an interesting cause this morning I come into the studio and hear already
how to off the facts machine.
Teams a hot ticket for a crowd of 30,000, 634.
You know, South Florida is the most front-running phony place.
Almost every place is front-running in phony, but not to the Greece out Florida is just
like most people are freeloaders, but not to the Greece out Florida be.
So it's quoting like here's Miami's Mark Udiyeiras who bought his box seats.
Oh, and by the way, we apologize here on QA.
I want to be the first to say that clearance owes an apology.
We had the wrong time.
This, you know, for all gets everybody whipped up into a friend, you believe him, all
accredited for the 920, 920, 23 people who allegedly bought tickets to walk up and bottom
before the game.
The second largest walk up in franchise history gives Scott all accredited for that.
But wouldn't it be nice if we had the game time right on your Marlon station?
It would be nice.
Every nice touch.
Who cares?
I guess those people who showed up there, few of them were promoting all the, I got
the schedule still front of me here.
Marlon's on Dexix, 30, Marlon's in a brave 705.
I'm watching City Pulse, which is like like a CNN headline news.
You know, it's one of those busy screens with a million different things on it.
And it's 20 to 8, 20 to 8.
And it says in a bottle of the screen at the end of six innings, it's Florida one and
it landed nothing.
I'm thinking 20 to 8 and they played six innings.
This must be the fastest game in history.
It's in placebo.
And so I come in here and I look on the, on the Sun Sentinel website and sure enough,
it's a 605 game.
So clearance and the people of QA and Europe, Marlon station one, apologize profusely.
If anybody showed up later was confused because we had the wrong game time.
Shame on you, clearance.
Well, Ferrell is trying to get all these people out there and build up the Marlins and do
all of this other waste of time while he's trying to do that and you're giving the wrong
God damn game time.
This clearance, you know, since he and the beast started getting it on like on a very regular
basis, he hasn't got time to like do his homework.
He hasn't got a clue what's going on.
We got the Hillary man.
We got the Hillary book.
We'll do that after the break.
Got the results yesterday's pool.
My Tyson, I hit him like poison, can't stand my Tyson.
Dispise him.
Nauseating stereotype.
In fact, I think it's the white guys who primarily pay for those thing and all those
pay-per-view fights that he had.
I think it's mostly white guys.
There's most of the dark guys, first of all, they ain't got the money to pay for no pay-per-view.
Any more than they got money to go by tickets to a sporting events.
So Ferrell's going to put them on the mat.
Yeah, I rest my case.
Okay, it's all.
I'm tickled at that for him.
It's a great responsibility he's taken, but it's on his shoulders.
I hope he's getting the cut.
That troubled friend.
He ought to be getting the cut.
He ought to be on the payroll.
Right on.
For all the work that he's doing, giving away all those free tickets and having like sex
org, he's out there in the outfield.
Why not?
What's wrong with that?
I had a lap yesterday.
I mean, you know, he just says it.
He just says crap and it just, you know, each of those people in those two sections spent
a hundred bucks a piece.
Stop and figure out.
Nine bucks for parking, okay?
Okay.
Where do the other 91 bucks go?
Let's see, that wasn't about 15 beers and six hot dogs of peace, right?
That's his cranny beers and two hot dogs.
Yeah, that's 91 bucks.
You're right.
I forgot about that.
Nice going, Scott.
You're doing it.
So he's the man.
And then of course, we're going to look forward to him doing the same thing for the Panthers
this year.
Is he going to do that?
Not unless they actually start spending some of that money.
Now they were yesterday here on the sports and they were saying that Rick Dudley is a talk
and he's going to, he's got money to spend.
He's got money to spend.
So let's see if they're just talking through their ass again.
Or they actually bring some real players in as opposed to the youngsters in the organization
I'll say it again.
When you put a crampy product out there, people are going to spend the big bucks to come
out and see it.
Marlins, you don't have to spend big bucks.
Take their cheap.
But the fact of the matter is there's still 500.
There's still 11 games behind Atlanta and all of this big hoopla, you know, and it could
only be for real, right?
It's all you, Scott.
It's all you, man.
No, it's them.
It's the team.
They love the team.
No, it is not.
Marlon was Don Trell a little bit.
Who's amazing.
But I don't care.
Baseball's boring.
Whether without Don Trell or to Marlon's or Scott, baseball's boring.
It's just the no to ways about it.
But the people are so terrified that something exciting is going to happen and they're not going
to be on a bandwagon in time.
Like back in 97 when they won the World Series and the playoff games, some of them, the
early playoff games had a lot of empty seats, unsolved, embarrassing, like in Atlanta.
A lot of firm running for only towns.
10, 13 at 5, 60 WQM tomorrow, the 4th of July.
We hope everybody has a great and safe holiday.
And then of course, starting on Monday, we go into our summer swoon.
I mean, our summer schedule will be great.
George is all whipped up to a frenzy for it.
He's going to be doing all summer shows in the frowell voice.
I can't wait.
You know, hurricane seasons here, boys and girls, before storm hits, you always put up
shutters to protect your widows and doors in the house.
But what about the roof of your house?
The Somae paint factory makes roof mastic, a roof coating that can help you hurricane-proof
your roof.
Somae's roof mastic saves hundreds of roofs.
If you're saved in the past, hundreds of roofs during Hurricane Andrew while unprotected
roofs were peeding off and just flying down the road.
Somae's also got waterproof coatings for every kind of roof ever built, called a Somae
paint factory, SOMAY, at 305, 633, 63333.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint and waterproof coating manufacturer
in Florida.
Waterproof your house with a fantastic product from Somae.
They'll save you money because they eliminate the middleman markups.
They sell to everyone at wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you'd pay for the
exact same national brands in your retail stores.
So do the smart thing.
Protect your home and property from South Florida's brutal, dangerous tropical climate with
the best paints and waterproof coatings under the sun at the best prices, too.
Call the Somae paint factory and tell them that crusty old neo-torty to call 305-6333-333
or you can find them on the web at SomaeSOMAYSOMAY.com.
You save yourself a lot of cash when you buy direct from the Somae paint factory 305-6333-63333.
Because it's 205-6333-2 AM.
Did he tuck it or did he cock it?
No single artist embodies the spirit of summer like Gordon Lightfoot.
Are you serious?
Absolutely.
And now Gordon Lightfoot takes the melody from the wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald and
turns up the heat on your favorite summer songs on his new album, Gordon Lightfoot Sweats
Out Summer.
Yes, Canada's on, Gordon Lightfoot is heating up the Great White North with a red
hot version of this lovin' spoonful classic.
A town summer in the city like a mine at Gettin' Dirty and Green.
Just wait until you hear Gordon Lightfoot's novel approach to summer's most famous novel,
Tissot.
Hello, Mara, hello, Mara, here I am at Camp Nou.
Put your toes in the sand and your fingers in your ears and get ready for Gordon Lightfoot's
rendition of this hit from the Genies.
You'll want to stick this collection where the sun don't shine in your CD player.
It's Gordon Lightfoot Sweats Out Summer.
Welcome at 18 at 5'60, he be the best, Eddie.
At least he's consistent.
He be.
Join Joe Castella from Nuneville to today at the Verizon Wireless located at 6989 West
Barred Boulevard.
Stop by to spin that prize wheel and win Marlon tickets too.
Oh, that's known to two with Joe Castella at Verizon Wireless in Plantation.
See now somebody actually might take those Marlon tickets.
Although they did lose last night, it was 13 innings, but they did lose.
So that might temper somebody's opinion out there.
1,88 votes on a pool from yesterday, oh by the way, I should mention.
Because there won't be on tomorrow, and neither will anybody else on the station except
the Beast and the Carlos.
So they sit in there playing a bunch of crap.
It's July 4th tomorrow.
Nobody would have brains working.
No.
Let's see, who's doing the Humper Show tomorrow?
I may have to take that back because I think Eddie Kay's doing it today at Chulas.
No, that's right.
We got the Marlins at the Phillies.
They got another early game, 605.
Oh, I say the big, like I said, no real broadcasters will be on tomorrow.
Saturday is my mother's birthday.
Happy birthday, Ma.
She'll be 90 years old Saturday, July 5.
Are you ready for that?
He's ready for that.
Oh, yeah, she's ready.
No change.
She's still the same.
You know what I mean?
No.
What do you mean?
From 188 votes on a poll from yesterday, which of these people represents most eight ugly
sexual racial or ethnic stereotype?
Mike Tyson 282 wins hands down your pants.
Absolutely.
Nobody even closed.
Nobody even closed.
Even though he was the late edition, I must forgot about him.
Thanks to me for remembering.
You're welcome.
Friend, Resher, the nanny.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
That was 167 AFF and the early lead.
Ileana gross latent another another late edition 134, a very strong third of the place.
Nice going, Ileana.
They hate you like poison.
You're an obnoxious disgusting stereotypical bitch.
See?
And not only that, but the Roseanne Rosanadana is a spinning inner grave and she's wilder
ain't too happy about it either.
Barbara Streisand 96 that cross eyed bitch, Richard Simmons 69.
Rosio Donald 64.
She was in addition like right at the end of the show, right at the ass end.
And I said, who could better represent a big fat disgusting obnoxious nasty bull
bike than Rosio Donald?
And there she is moving all the way up almost coverage.
She Simmons.
And if she ever did catch him, she probably beat the snott on him.
Jackamation head 60.
Christopher Lowell 55 and Jim J. Bullock 46 there.
They were asked to ask.
Rosie Perez at 34.
Rodney King 33.
Jerry Seinfeld 32 to Jewish.
Strong Thurman at 31.
We apologize to that bad spelling.
Don King 29.
Gloria Estefan 26.
Charles Nelson Riley 23.
Eddie Murphy 21.
Queen Latifan 18.
Charro at 14.
Kuchi Kuchi.
Reese B.
Bruce V. Lange had 12.
See, I told you a few people know who that queen is.
Eddie Griffin 11.
Desi Arnez Lucy.
He only ate.
But it's again, it's a period thing, you know what I mean?
Lucy was having her period.
Desi with eight of them.
That's how they were.
No, they would even sleep in the same bed.
They had separate beds.
Couldn't say pregnant.
And that's right.
Slice the loan seven.
Now, we never got a good Guido.
See, slice the loan people don't look upon him
as being a Guido, just as being dumb.
Eliterate.
Absolutely dumb, right?
Absolutely.
Richard Lewis 6, Rip Taylor 6, and Poor Danny I.L.
had only three out of nearly 13.
I'm revoked.
Pretty good considering that nobody in town.
Not too bad.
We'll do that Hillary thing in a second.
But we should probably take the first call
because it's online six and it's in Aventura.
Here's Aventura, hello.
Aventura.
Going once.
Oh, and the other ones we know who the other one is too
because it's on line nine in Miami.
It'll be a short call.
Hello.
Morning, Neil.
Yeah, there he is.
OK, here's the Hillary book, Living a History by Hillary Rod.
What?
Lucy, it's gotten to the point now taking the chronic concept
to a new level on this radio station.
You just see you even have to see where they're
calling from allegedly.
All you do is see what line they're on.
And you already know who it is ahead of time.
So you prepare your finger and you make for a very short call.
And before you know it.
Three for three.
Nice calling, Neil.
Oh, my on top of it or what?
Go home.
Let's go home.
A little over the top.
Oh, you are a little hysterical.
You know, he wants to get an extra emphasis on it
because he knows it got like the summer schedule starting.
This is a day I've been looking forward to for a very,
very long time.
I didn't realize that for all was so easy to well,
you got to do is press a little button here, a little button there.
Absolutely.
And he just flips out very sensitive.
In spite of that, he puts on very sensitive guy.
Anyway, Hillary says my mother stayed in California for 10 years,
never seeing her mother and really seeing her father.
Her grandfather Edwin Senior, a former British sailor left the girls
to his wife Emma, a severe woman who
wore black Victorian dresses and resented and ignored my mother,
except when enforcing her origin house rules.
Emma discouraged visitors and really allowed my mother
to attend parties or other functions.
One Halloween when she caught my mother trick or treating
with school friends, Emma decided to confine her to her room
for an entire year except for the hour she was in school.
She forbade my mother to eat at the kitchen table
or linger in the front yard.
This cruel punishment went on for months
until Emma, sister, Bell and recent came for a visit
and put it to a stop.
How do you like that?
And that's what we're doing right now, putting it to a stop.
That's a whole paragraph.
And now we're already on page three in Hillary's book.
Let's hear it.
You're making cruel man.
We're making some real progress.
It's a very kind thing because this way, number one,
it saves people 28 bucks.
And number two, they hear it.
Oldie little tiny doses, which is all anybody including
Bubba could take of Hillary.
Little little tiny dose.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound 5, 60.
The 80 and T. That's probably how many times they did it.
Dose.
Now, wouldn't surprise me.
After she popped out the Chelsea, that was the end of that.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Bill.
Yes, sir?
Yeah, you're so stuck, buddy.
You broke.
OK, thanks a lot, Pally.
You're sucking you blow.
OK, thank you.
See, I'm telling you, they're definitely
going to get it in today because they know.
I mean, I will be on Tuesdays and Thursdays in July
and August.
So it's not like I'm disappearing all together.
Although mentally, it'll feel like I am.
Like a cameo appearance here and there.
But get it in today, baby.
Get it all out of your system.
You're sucking you blow.
Thanks very much for listening.
By the way, religiously, everyday between 10 and 2.
I thank you profusely.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 15.
And before we even start the pull,
maybe we can get about 100 of those in a row, you know?
It's kind of a parting shot for microdose personal friends
in South Florida.
We love you, Neil.
You suck.
You blow.
Yeah.
Is that a bulletin?
Exactly.
So what was he saying this morning?
Don't drink and drive.
Firework, boy.
There you go.
That's what he was saying.
It's a Wayne T.
He's a good one to be talking about that.
Yeah, he ought to be doing the Dwayne's stop PSA for real.
Don't drink and drive.
It's bad and dangerous.
I know.
Here's a call from now.
Why are there like these little I never asked
being a boy why he does that?
Why do you put those little stars on there?
If I have a feeling that they're a crank.
So you're never right.
You're never right occasionally.
I beg to differ sometimes.
Once they're very wild.
Yeah.
Yeah, I do a lot better just by looking at which line it comes in.
Using the force.
It isn't me.
I had the force within me within my back.
Because some of these people have got their own private line
now because it's doing.
No, it's here.
They become such an integral part of the show.
It's important that we get them on so they
had their own direct line to get on.
Here's a call from Kendall with four stars.
Hello.
First guys.
Do you have anything?
Hello.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
Yeah, good.
Hey, I just got word of a moment.
It's a motion that's going to be going on
in which they're getting at some chocolate cover
gill those in a free bottle of dragon lotion.
Now you're talking.
Yes, sir.
All right.
Open the upper deck, baby.
50,000.
Yeah, that's that seven.
I've barbecue.
There's also OK.
OK.
Oh, man.
You've turned.
I love it.
I'm sorry.
We're going to have a wonderful time here today.
You suck.
We hate you.
We wish you would die.
Well, not before.
Yeah.
Not before they die because then it would have nothing to listen to.
Here's the poll for today.
We're going to be really got farther intensive.
I don't know that there's that many for them to add.
You know, I mean, there are, but not that we get any votes.
What's?
Oh, let me get them.
Then we get the music cranked up here.
OK.
So we have the proper accompaniment for this.
Here we go.
Who is your favorite character from the three Godfather movies?
Godfather.
Godfather part two and Godfather part three.
You know what I didn't say Godfather part one.
So they asked for the little factors again.
Here's the list I have so far.
Don Cormione.
Santino's sunny.
They shot sunny on a causeway.
He's dead.
Michael.
Clemenza.
Fat Clemenza.
Tessio.
Tom Hagen.
I never saw the Godfather stuck that in the middle there, but no, I didn't want to forget
put it on there.
Never saw the Godfather.
We have plenty of those.
I'm sure Sophia would have big schnauzed Connie.
hysterical Connie.
Tadu Sharer.
Keeping it all in the family.
But at least she was good.
You know, she was great.
Freito.
Frankie Pantangeli.
I was still sitting in the bathtub.
By the way, it's about time somebody cleaned him out.
Saluts.
Saluts.
Saluts.
Saluts.
Would those vampire teeth I love Saluts or who is there?
His name actually was Virgil Saluts.
I don't think we need the first name.
Captain McCluskey, Sterling Hayden, great actor.
He's dead.
Well, he was a good actor.
Yeah.
Try the Ville.
It's the best in the city.
Captain McCluskey.
A little hard going down.
Talk about the last supper.
Vincent.
Real cool.
Oh, Vincent would have been a good Guido.
Oh, yeah.
Niri.
Time and Ross.
Mo Green.
Look up.
I don't have time for all of these things.
I know.
We've got, you know, we've got plenty of time here today.
We'll drop them all in.
You know who I am.
I'm Mo Green.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
Luca Brantzi.
Don Coyote.
And Jack Walts.
One of your very favorites.
Now I like them too.
He was here.
He was a pit.
I don't care how many day go.
You're going to your wife, grease ball, gumbas.
Come out on a woodware.
Amen.
We can only say amen.
No bad leader.
That's right.
Yeah, I heard that story.
Yeah.
So there you go.
That's our list so far.
Your favorite character from the three Godfather.
Where we was including.
I never saw Godfather for those of you people who were just.
I feel so bad for those people.
You know what?
They think they're alive and somewhere there's something like missing in their life.
Now over the holiday weekend, those of you who are like shut-ins or maybe it's going to rain like cats and dogs.
What's it looking like for today?
It looked okay lately.
That's what happened yesterday.
It's going to find coming in and all of a sudden at the end of the world.
So this weekend, if that happens, maybe I don't want to have it spoiled your fourth of July picnics and stuff.
But in fact, it happened.
There's a good idea.
Get the atrology on DVD.
Right.
Or you can get the, you know, your cheap schedule.
You only have a VHS VCR or just get the biology.
Yeah, or get the biology.
And stick them in there.
Because before they stick your ass in the ground, you must see the Godfather.
How many talk about movies if you haven't seen the Godfather?
Exactly.
Every like talking about movies without seeing the...
What?
Last week, I'm home or something.
Live local.
We're sports radio 560s.
You and you and you and me.
Everyone to complain to this station.
First, Marlon Brando was the Godfather.
Then Al Pacino was Godfather 2 and 3.
Now get ready for the ultimate Godfather.
Godfather 4.
Godfather, you must have helped me in these agoons that are coming in the bun in my house and then it has to my family.
Maybe you could order a hit or something.
I'm talking about hits.
I'm probably super bad.
Making sure you're good.
You'll get up like a sesp machine.
Get them, gotta give it up.
Turn it new.
Get out the good foot.
Make a brigadocose red.
Hems in.
Please, please, please, please, ow.
Godfather pointed me but you just have done to look like any of the other coleanies.
Coleanies, grab me on a macaroni.
It gonna be none of that.
I have a soul food.
I have a chillin' piece.
Gotta make a brigadocose red.
Go for it.
The Godfather 4 is starring James Brown.
The Godfather of Soul.
You'll make your offer.
You can't understand.
Absolutely.
1034-560-220.
The new poll is up and as expected, Don Corleone is leading.
See, the finitive line from the whole trilogy is...
I wanna make him an offer again with you.
Right?
Is there any debate about that?
Right.
That's the defining line of the whole Godfather trilogy.
Yeah, but Sonny was such a pimp.
No, I'm not, I'm not, I did vote for Don Corleone because without him,
even though he wasn't in part two or three, the arid Marlon Brando.
His younger character, with the Neuro, was in it,
but I mean, Marlon Brando was only in the first one,
but in spite of that, without him, there would have been no Godfather.
See what I'm saying?
Right.
Don Corleone's got five.
Michael has got two.
Clemenza won and one who never saw the Godfather in the early returns.
Okay?
Let me say it again.
All this talk about movies last couple of months.
If you haven't seen the Godfather, you haven't started.
There's no point in even worrying about any of these other ones.
Like Bed's Father and the Train's Father and Toilet's Father.
Forget about that.
It's the yardstick.
It's the yardstick of life.
I want to make them an offering.
Exactly.
No, no, seriously.
That's it.
I was at Carol City because you wrote Carol City on there,
which I don't think there is a Carol City.
Is that...
Yeah.
Carol City, probably.
Here's Carol City or something.
Hello.
You forgot him and him and Alan, I was from yesterday.
Chronic.
Chronic.
Him again.
Now, how many times have you got to call to that?
About 30, man.
Just relax, Pally.
We're not going anywhere.
George will be on Monday.
I'll be on Tuesday.
George will be on our Wednesday.
I'll be on Thursday.
Thursday.
Saturday.
You know, the way it goes.
Like Apollonia would say.
Just relax.
Put it back in your pants.
You're a crazy person.
I'll put all of these up till these last couple of weeks
if we ever discovered just absolutely how crazy this guy is.
How come we weren't on to him before?
Oh, they're just all crazy.
They're just lump them all in together.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil and me for real.
Yeah, what's up, Scott?
How about breakfast for two over at my favorite place?
How about breakfast at Tiffany's, Scott?
Yeah, that's...
I'll bring Audrey Hepburn.
You bring 34 C.
Okay.
Oh.
He's the talk of the town.
Make no mistake about that.
Outside the station, they're talking about him.
Inside and, of course, inside some of very desperate meetings.
They're probably talking about him, too.
But you know, how nervous our management gets.
You're here.
There's such a bunch of pantywaists.
Yeah, you know, how...
And of course, you know, who's sitting at home right now,
speaking of what you just played.
Absolutely.
Crap it in his pants, which is not unusual.
Why, when he keeps reaching around in there, you know,
it has a tendency to loosen everything up.
Not a good idea.
No, he...
Seriously, I told him when he first came,
he needed to loosen up a little bit.
I think he misunderstood, but he didn't catch my drift right.
You know, he wasn't talking.
I wasn't...
Maybe he's seeping.
But at any rate, he's sitting at home.
And do we have that thing?
You probably forgot to put that in there.
I'm listening.
Actually, I put it into a mini disc.
Oh, what is that?
Why did you do that?
Oops.
I put it into a mini disc.
And then he lost the mini disc.
And then he lost the mini disc.
Oh, it's you.
Why even bother, you know?
Why bother, it's all the same.
Was there he found the mini disc?
And what's he gonna do with it?
Stick it up his ass.
I don't know.
He should be putting his gun up and playing it on the air.
But yeah, he never actually did.
Well, anyway, Moe is at home listening.
That's the point.
Of course, he's listening.
There he is.
Absolutely.
And to get in the drift, that Pharrell is getting harder
than a goddamn hell.
And as a result of that, there was a crossover this morning.
Yesterday we didn't have one this morning.
There was a fairly lengthy crossover with guilty and Pharrell.
It sounded pretty good.
Something like those two were starting to bond, if you ask me.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
So if I was sitting at home right now, pick in my ass,
I'd be getting really, really nervous.
In fact, I probably have one finger in my left nostril
and one between my cheeks.
Right now.
Getting real nervous about what's going to be happening.
Because I don't know what they're waiting for.
You know, don't you agree with me?
It's just a matter of time before Pharrell is on 6 to 10.
Right.
I mean, Moe 5 to 6, you know, an hour did arrive to work.
An hour on here and an hour did arrive.
Home, that's three hours well spent.
It's not a matter of this.
It's a matter of wind.
As Bob Green would say.
Here's a call from Orlando.
It says, hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Pretty good, sir.
How are you?
Pretty good.
I'm actually very happy to finally get to talk to you.
You guys, I'm usually at work, but today I'm off.
So I figured I'd give you a call.
Good friend of yours up in Orlando.
We'd like you to say hi to a forest.
Hi, sir.
Hi, sir.
Those are the best.
They are.
But I wanted to say that I love your show.
I like George.
I don't know what everybody gets on this case about.
Actually, my George was out on sick on Tuesday.
I invited people to call in and rip him an ass.
Because I knew he was sick and not listening.
We only had two or three.
No, we only had two or three.
And everybody else was full of crap.
So they didn't rip him an ass.
Tell us.
But I didn't want to say your show is great.
And I have to listen over the internet.
But I still enjoy it every day.
You make my work day.
Good.
And if it all possible, could you play the like Requiem for a dream mode?
I love that.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
You got him, man.
Thank you.
Have a great four-legged July, man.
Have a good holiday.
Two, thank you.
Bye.
Well, there was a real call.
Of course, it took somebody from Orlando to call in.
But you would expect one from like Dayton Broward.
That would be a little bit carried away.
What?
What?
Normal person.
I'm not saying this last guy was like a normal person.
But everything being relative, he was a pretty damn good.
Twenty to eleven at five.
If he was a schedule look like today, we got the mad dog down there again.
Another toughest time at He's in Key West at Chulas.
The one in his show from 2 to 4.
Then we got Eddie Kay at Chulas in town.
And Miami Lakes, 4 to 7.
And because Hank is another really brutal assignment,
Hank's on a way to Vegas.
I hope you're doing some shows next week, one or two or whatever.
Then you got Joe and Mark's 7 to 10 tonight.
How do you like that?
As we start moving into our July 4th, our holiday mode,
as Joe and Mark are on when somebody's actually awake 7 to 10 tonight,
the big 10 to 2 in any slot, any SPN radio overnight if you can handle it.
My name is Luke Hall.
This is 4 to 10 560.
You way, you way.
Well let me tell you something like Crunk Nick Friend.
I wore much better pants when my career was alive.
You can't get out more, Mo.
You're not in a way in here.
Hey, you want something to eat?
What do you got?
Uh, nothing.
But I can pull something out of my ass.
No Mo, I got it.
I'm going. I'm starting a new business.
Pretty no kidding.
Yeah, I'm going to be a hooker.
I'm proud of my mumbo.
Hey, Smelt.
Oh yeah, you sure you don't want something to eat, huh?
Oh, I can tell you.
Hey, what are you, Dr. Anakin?
Well, no, no, I don't know what you're talking about.
You just took a pistol of white bulls.
Never scripture you moron.
I got him from my deducted.
What deducted?
Doctor, what's it through you?
Don't look my hair is moving as you.
Oh my god, this place is a mess.
And my underwear smells like hot baloney.
Now get out of here, my favorite show is hot.
We got to lose it.
There's a lot of fun.
Move going in this from prestige is broken with old flutter.
I mean, probably.
I'd just like to say,
That's a lovely dress you got on there, your homo.
Thank you.
I'm such a dreamer, my homo.
I feel like running down the street.
Look, look, I'm an ancient man.
You want to make me cow-hatch, so am I.
Oh, look, you want to win a tally?
Hey, come here.
I'm a rake my highly desirable ass.
Hey, boy, what are you doing?
You think it's me?
You think it's me?
Can I have a race, me?
Oh, yes.
Hey, you ready?
I'm an ancient man.
Hey, look at this here.
Come on, man.
Hey, come here.
Hey, come here.
Hey, drop me.
Oh, I was on radio, you know.
I was on the radio.
Just so kind of told that you won't feel that thing.
I was on the radio.
Oh, hello, boss.
Up and I decided to stop by and see how you were doing.
Oh, this is terrible.
No, no, no, no.
That's a good thing.
It's 1046 at 560 WTQAM.
He is absolutely the best, you know, with that mo.
Make no mistake about it.
There ain't nothing like mo.
No.
So the second most important line in the Godfather
in all three movies is?
It leaves it good.
Take the can only.
What are you laughing about?
Certainly the cutest line.
I'm very serious about that.
Let me say it again.
It leaves it good.
Take the can only.
See, come and say he had his priorities straightened out.
Right.
Plus he knew that if they took another can only,
his Connie would save some of them for later on
for Eli Wallach and Godfather 3.
They might have been a little bit stale by then, but no, what the hell?
56670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless One.
We're giving away tickets for tonight's Marlon's game.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You talking about the Godfather?
They're all about the useless guineas that have no circumstances.
Oh, it's Reverend Jones.
Oh, like I said, that's what is that for now?
For Chronic, not even another clock yet.
We've had four of our most famous Chronic's.
You know, I'm, see, I've been doing this countdown for today.
And every once in a while in a moment of giddiness.
Giddiness.
I'm start thinking about the countdown, the final countdown.
You know what I mean?
For like the end of this, the end of the contract,
the end of the career, the end of the end of the end of this thing.
Oh, I can't even begin to tell you how giddiness I'm going to be that time.
Neil, what would you do without the outlet at the radio show?
Probably live an extra 15 years.
Here's a call from Naples.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Well, I'm from Naples.
Is that what you said?
That's what I just said.
Naples has a Naples floor.
I'm assuming.
Yeah, it got cut off.
I got a question for you.
Go ahead.
Actually in the Miami area right now, and I do listen to your program over here.
And I do get it in Naples at times, five, six, you'll come in.
Do you guys have a station over there like Naples are for buyers that...
No, we used to, but they are cut us off because they're too busy putting a bunch of religious crap on here.
A little bit too left wing for the West Coast of Florida.
Yeah, I feel a little conservative over there.
Yeah, just a little bit.
Okay, what is your...
I guess I can listen to it over to the internet when I'm in Naples.
There you go.
You got it coming around a lot.
And what's your internet address?
NeilRongers.com, any ILRG-ERS, no DNOA, NeilRongers.com.
Oh, because I tried to go on it to other D and I couldn't get it.
I enjoy listening to your program.
Excellent.
All right, we're listening.
Thank you, Ryan, and have a good fort.
And you too, thanks a lot.
Thank you.
See, the good people there from Orlando and Naples.
That's like I told you for years, there's nothing wrong with South Florida that wouldn't be cured by a people transplant.
Absolutely.
That's the problem.
I mean, we got a small percentage of people that are really pretty good.
But third, man.
And the other 70%, I wouldn't wish on Eva Brown, Jr., I mean, on anybody.
Oh, that's the problem.
Got the nice beaches.
Beautiful climate for about, what, two weeks a year?
Maybe a month.
Maybe about a month, like in January, once in a while.
No, seriously, it's just a fine place except for the fact that you got the wrong people there.
A lot of assholes in South Florida, one on every street corner, there's another major, major asshole.
Every phone line.
You just sit there.
Look at this.
He's got the, I want you a couple actually.
See your slip and bean of wire guarantee there's more cranks on it than just two.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
And we're going to be guys.
Father.
I'm myself, you know, what do you think about Buenos Aires?
What do I think about Buenos Aires?
What do you mean?
What do I think about him?
I think he's a weak, weak, weak sister.
You don't think so?
He's weak.
A weak.
Just like your phone line, weak.
What the hell was that all about?
Hola.
Hello.
Oh, for just a second there, I thought we lost the line.
It was his phone line, right?
It was his phone line.
Well, don't he need my God.
He was, he was weak.
Was he weak?
Don't be in your blood.
It brings all over you nice.
I release you.
Yeah.
What do I think about Buenos Aires?
Be my friend.
I don't, Godfather.
And the third most important line that I already played.
I don't care how many day go get any of what?
Reese Bull, come on.
I don't know what was.
That's Jack Wasman.
He had a way with words.
He had a lot of good lines.
I ain't no band leader.
I heard that story.
The hard, hard, it's some of the bitch, whatever he says.
And don't forget.
But, Jack Wasman, we must go to the recording.
Speaking of Buenos Aires.
Suspended a sentence.
Suspended a sentence.
This scum.
They not hurt me.
But she kept the honor.
At any rate.
Here's a call from Coconut Greek.
Hello.
Oh, God.
Yes, sir.
Speaking of.
What about his narrow line that says like he sleeps with the fish?
He sleeps with the fish, yeah.
When they go to.
That was a good one, no.
In fact, when they said he sleeps with the fish, they thought they was talking about Tessio
because they knew they go to was going to be playing a role on TV.
It was psychic.
Hey, Neil, here's the suggestion.
Why does Mo have to have a spot at all?
I mean, inferno did a spot on the regular spot on the show.
Because he gets paid extra.
That's why he's like, wait, wait.
Now, see, what you don't understand is the play by play thing.
It's a separate gig.
This guy's getting paid.
I have a million dollars a year for the crappy number.
He's got early in the morning.
So it's a separate deal with Q&A.
Well, you know what?
If I was getting a half a million, you could give me a half an hour slot.
I had no problem with that.
There you go.
That's right.
Because that seems to be happening more and more on our station now.
You notice that Hank is working about two hours a day once in a great while when he shows up.
And I like that.
That's my motto now.
Less work, more paid.
That's what we do.
That's a beautiful thing.
And then closing, no mo.
No mo.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, that's what he said with a homo.
No mo.
That's what the parents told the beast.
No less.
No, no mo.
He just, he's getting really a little sore about it.
5670560, pound 5660 on the AT&T.
Right?
Well, you know, when you're out of practice for that long, you have to like ease into it.
Oh.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Maritone.
Oh, very nice reading though today.
Very quiet.
Very low key.
Kind of a fourth of July.
Very nice tone.
Very patriotic.
Maritone.
Line nine, which is always the same person.
Here's Miami Lakes.
Hello, where the star next to his name.
Hello.
Let's him.
I told you that being a boy, he's always got his thumb right on it.
5670560, pound, pound, five 60 on the AT&T.
And keep one thing in mind.
Don't drink and drive.
Firework boy.
There you go.
Yep.
Keep in mind.
Don Corleone, 22 votes.
Miguel, he, Michael's got 19.
Never saw the Godfather 11.
That just tears my guts out.
Santino's sunny.
Santino's got 11 votes.
There's nothing wrong with sunny.
Well, if he looks a little like a piece of Swiss cheese,
it remains a seven.
Look up it out.
See what we misspelled.
A lot of these names badly.
We apologize.
Six.
Frankie Pentangely five.
Tom Hagen four.
Mo Green had four.
Hey, Mo, what do you see?
What do you know?
Jack Welts three.
Heim and Roth had three.
So if you look at the list, you can see the list.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
He's got the hot spher nose.
Here's a call from Miramar.
Hello.
Hey, it's crazy.
Yeah, we know.
We know.
We already marked it down.
Here's Evan Ture.
Hello.
Mr. Rogers.
How are you?
Pretty good, sir.
How are you?
I'm hanging in.
Hey, listen to your show.
Probably 20 years.
My dad got me hooked on you.
Oh, right.
Ever since then, you've been on the dial.
Hey, uh, well, it's got to be the best character.
Because of his quick wit when Tom Hagen tells him,
I'm not Italian.
I'm Irish German.
He goes, well, my Nick Crow friend.
He looks quick with the, uh, the swimmers.
Well, let me tell you something like,
Nick Crow, Nick, Nick,
well, let me tell you something, my,
Nick, Nick, Nick,
well, let me tell you something, my,
Nick, Nick, Nick,
Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick,
That's it, Adam and Sarah.
You're the best.
Thanks, pal.
You have a great, uh, head over your explore.
You two, thanks.
Have a great fourth of July, sir.
And whatever you do, can I,
oh, I'm not going to get this.
I'm trying to queue it up again real fast.
You know, I'm, it's hard to do on a,
machine.
Don't drink and drive.
Firework boy.
There you go.
A little advice from our,
good, the Mr. Marlin, the Marlin man.
Put that damn Billy, the Marlin,
the shame.
I think you ought to be the team mascot, don't you?
Okay.
Well, I guarantee you, I can see him running around the stands.
Oh, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
You know, all of the,
it would be great.
Actually, it might be a little bit of fallout there for a change.
Well, I just threw the, uh,
not that I'm going to hurry to get through this show today,
but I just threw that damn, uh, page away.
My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my.
This is for 3.05-6-3.
You way, you way, yeah.
You're taking a scary part.
Talk about Loosboker.
Wow.
One is the total attendance at a Marlin's game.
Three were eight to two to one.
That's the total attendance at the Marlin's.
You're the flat dead.
You might wait to see a home run at the Marlin's game.
You might be the only one to get a stroke from the sun,
watching Marlin's a flat guy.
You'll be there for a love and have yourself the whole play.
So you can go for your walk and have a nice talk with the guy over there.
For one is the total attendance.
One is the total attendance.
One is the Marlin attendance.
Just they always do.
Only one is the total attendance.
One is the total attendance.
Absolutely.
Now you know what inspired me to play that, don't you?
I'm sure that tax.
The fact from Tracy and Kendall.
I spawn Tracy.
It was a great perspiration.
And I just love Amy Mann.
One is the loneliest number that you'll ever do.
Are you sure?
Positive.
Not as much as Brad DeBarton, you're going to close second.
Anyway, she says, more movie talk.
I agree with you, Tracy.
She likes it.
She says, I watched about half hour of Magnolia last night.
Started at nine could make it true.
So I taped it and watched the rest of the night.
So long movie folks, it's over three hours.
It'll be on independent film channel over the weekend for those who haven't seen it yet.
Once again, you are absolutely correct about Magnolia's greatest greatness.
Yes, I am, Tracy.
I'm totally hooked.
Me too.
No matter how absurd it got, I just can't stay away.
It actually redeems Tom Cruise and Julian Morris actors.
She is.
Well, she, I don't know.
I never seen her anything bad.
But at any rate, she was so great.
Yes, she was.
Hotty mouth, darling.
Clean up your act, you.
And when you make Macy and Jason Reelbars, isn't he a real partridge, you'll die?
That's him.
I'm also awesome.
Yeah.
The only downside is that I'm anticipating the anti-climactic frog reigning ending that you and George talked about.
Thanks for another classic recommendation.
Happy summer schedule, thanks, Tracy.
Well, actually, it's not the end of the, oh, that's not the part.
The frog thing isn't the end of the movie number one.
And number two, even though you know it's coming because I've watched it three times now.
And even though you know that the scene is coming to make any difference.
No, the frog part is climactic.
That's good part.
Yeah.
Especially for what's his name?
Jimmy, you're right.
Shot the TV screen, right?
You're a little TV, too.
I guess it was like one of those you can't have in the kitchen.
Damn it.
That must have meant something.
Shot that damn thing right through the screen.
He was only ready.
Magnode is.
And yeah, that's something symbolic there.
I would guess.
Like maybe that was like the end of his TV career.
Or whatever.
But anyway, she's right.
Magnode is sensational.
And I know you want to go a bit about the end.
But if you go down each and everybody.
I don't want to go down.
I can't.
Now, Godfather, it's interesting that she mentions Magnode because there's a good parallel here.
And you know something, this is even better.
Although there are three different Godfathers.
There's only one Magnode.
But if you just take the original Godfather.
Part one.
If you took the first one.
Well, no, I don't.
You know what I'm talking about.
I want to be sweet.
We all do.
I mean, if you go to Godfather 3, you can pick out George Hamilton.
His performance was embarrassing.
Eli Wallach, whose performance was grotesque.
Maybe the worst in history.
Sophia, which the Leicester said the better.
But in Magnode, everybody who was in it.
Everybody.
I mean, every rule from what's his name that played the the caretaker there?
What is his name?
Paul Steven Jones, whatever his name is.
Right.
And the cop and the daughter, Jimmy Gator's daughter, the little kid.
The little kid.
The the little kid.
The the quiz kid.
Stanley, which is Stanley.
William H. Macy, the Donnie, the quiz kid.
He's always good.
Henry Henry Gibson.
Right.
Everybody.
Everybody who was in it.
Tom Cruise, where the elect him or not, he was great.
You'll like Willie Macy and Fargo.
Yeah.
I can't find it.
It's not.
I keep looking for it, but the the bin is empty.
But I'll get it.
So thanks anyway, Tracy.
Abe Pagona.
See, this fact says, what about the forgotten Tessio?
Well, we didn't forget him.
It's just that Eric is living a sheltered life in Orlando.
And he had Recio on it, okay?
And he changed it to Tessio.
And he's like, I got no votes.
Now, that would certainly be one of the top 10 moments or lines in all the three movies.
Can you get me off the hook, Tom?
Prove time.
Say it looks at Robert Duval, who shakes as a can do it, Sally.
And he nods to the guys to take him away and about a being.
Yeah.
Tessio, what's he him number?
Yeah.
Can you get me off the hook, Tom?
Prove time.
And he says it like so sincere.
You know, like only Abe Pagona could do it.
Yes.
Who could forget La Nina dancing on his feet?
And I was a great seeing little girl.
She's got her little feet on top of his shoes or the cold verdict on his betrayal, which I just gave him.
Can't do it, Sally.
Tom Hagen, the ruthless Tom Hagen.
Maybe I can help.
Here's what you're out of Tom.
Maybe you need to have separate categories that says for Don Colione, Marlon Brando or Robert De Niro, it says.
They both want to ask us for their portrayals.
And also it says F-O, well, it says F-U.
See?
That's not it.
Oh, what about K?
Oh, we won't put her on there.
Yeah.
Is it true, Michael?
Is it true?
You know, I was trying to think of the ending of Godfather, the part one.
Oops.
And of course it's the thing where she goes through that thing about is it true.
And did you have Carl Kiel, the other one?
Because Connie, she's hysterical.
hysterical.
And don't ask me about my business and he's slamming on the damn desk just this one time.
I'll let you ask me about the thing.
Is it true?
No.
No.
He gets it a very, very excited.
Not a Gido, but a really a...
No.
And she looks at him like she maybe almost believes him and she goes back in the kitchen.
And now she's got the door halfway open and she sees fat Clemens is there with the bodyguard couple of the other Aguitos.
And they're kissing his ring because now of course he's the new Godfather.
And the door closes.
One of them come over.
I think it was Neary.
Mm-hmm.
Comes over and closes the door and K's face and the screen goes black.
And that's he goes, oh, that was such a great scene, you know?
Yeah.
Well, they all are great scenes.
Everything.
All this...
Now look at this 19 people.
That's almost 12% of the audience haven't seen any of the Godfather's yet.
Shame on you.
Okay, get with it.
I'm telling you, you'll never ever regret it.
Every moment will be a moment well spent.
Better spent than go to some stupid ass Marlon game plus they're on the road for three weeks now anyway and they all start breaking.
So you can't be using that as an excuse, all right?
Kill someone who's dead time in South Florida.
I can't think of anything better than you get a great movie.
Stick it on your DVD player or whatever you want to stick it.
That might be good too.
Don Colione, what's your favorite character from the three Godfather movies?
Don Colione, 38th, Michael 34th, type battle there.
And of course since Michael was in all three, he has the edge.
He has a leg up on Marlon Brando.
Lift that leg a little higher there, Al.
Never saw the Godfather, 20, 11.6%.
I feel so...well, maybe I feel good because maybe we can talk some of them into it.
Santino, sunny, he's got 19 votes.
Nothing wrong with sunny that if you a little plam...a plaster wouldn't help.
Luca Bratzie, 15th, Clemenza.
Oh, look at how he's got that spell.
He's got two ends, Clemenza.
Fact Clemenza's got 12.
Get him straightened out there.
Will you be in a boy?
Get it embarrassing to us.
We're supposed to be the Godfather experts.
He's got Clemenza.
Eric, you're retarded man.
You really are.
Tom Hagen, 10th, Cantowit, Shelley.
Hyman Rothfeb.
The scene in Godfather 2, where they have an ascended hearings on Amphia.
And of course, then Frankie Pantangeli looks back and sees his brother that they just brought in.
Nice hat.
Nice hat, nice head gear.
And all of a sudden he decides to change his tune.
I didn't know Godfather.
And he goes to that whole thing.
Oh yeah, the frag, Dan Cologne did it.
This is Dan Cologne.
That's it.
Yes, sure.
Whatever you say.
And then all of a sudden they were all been out of shape and all the senators are rustling their papers around.
Well, we have sworn testimony on it.
I got with the mustache.
And Tom Hagen is screaming, you own my client an apology, senator.
I want to, he's been, nobody's paying the attention, but he's screaming.
That was a good scene.
Hyman Rothfeb.
Frankie Pantangeli 5.
It was between the brothers.
Mo Green 5.
Jack Walts 3.
Fredo has only got a peer.
Poor Fredo, we can't get no respect.
McCluskey's got one.
Sophie has got one from that kid who wants to shove her.
Who knows under his armpit.
Solazzo one.
And no votes for Niri Tessio.
Poor Tessio and have any Connie's got none.
And Vincent's got none.
I wouldn't dare put Eli Wallach on there.
Don, what did we figure out?
What was Don Altebello?
Oh, is that it?
No.
Yeah, I looked it up.
You weren't paying any attention this morning as usual.
Before the show, I looked it up Don Altebello.
What if it doesn't take it a crap?
No, you were not.
Hey, I think you were doing it right in your seat.
Okay.
You're just a little under the weather, maybe by Monday.
Maybe when it does the show on Monday.
How are you doing the show Monday or for real?
Who knows?
I'll just show up and when they come to go on a show.
I'm just going to go on a show.
George will be doing the show on Monday.
Scott's great.
We love Scott for real.
He's the wildest thing to come to town in a long time.
But you don't want to like diluted.
You don't want to spread him out too thin.
You know, that whole idea went and out and spread it out.
See, Greg is so infatuated, so obsessed with for real.
In fact, Clarice is even more obsessed.
He was trying to mount him before the show this morning.
That's what Scott told me.
Stuff a man mount him.
He was trying to stuff a man mount him and put him on a wall.
Ten of them to the wall.
But you don't want to spread a good thing too far.
You know, like we do tend to two.
In fact, I'm thinking like ten to noon sounds really good to me.
Everybody like Hank, he's always like convincing a little bit.
Mad Dog does only a couple of hours.
Moe, they're squeezing down his real tight.
They're squeezing it.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how are you doing, ma'am?
Pretty good.
What's your happy for the July?
Yes, sir.
You two love the show.
Sorry to hear you're only going to be on Tuesdays Thursday.
That's a talk.
I'm ecstatic.
Well, that's only in July and August.
It's only the summer thing, you know.
All right, now, well listen, I haven't seen the Godfather no reason, but I just haven't seen
it yet.
And also, can you play some of that Miami's awesome and huge golfing thing?
Can you play the golfing place on the bad one?
It's a bad one.
You got him on.
I love that.
And also, I love when the Frank's car, the chronic car, I love when you hang it and hang
up on it and make fun of it.
That's great.
Okay, Pellie.
All right, see you then, bye.
Have a happy, okay.
Everybody's in a pretty decent mood today, huh?
Fourth of July, Marlins, even though they lost that game last night, had a huge crowd, big
of walk-up attendance.
Everybody's clinging onto that.
See, it's South Florida.
I understand.
I've been there a long time.
Everybody's just desperate to reach onto something that might be good, you know.
Well, this might be good.
Let me be a part of it.
Let me try to like latch onto it, you know.
But there are clingons.
We understand.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon.
Wireless line.
I'll tell you something that's definitely good and that's Oliometh.
I'm popping it in my purse every single day.
I noticed on the label yesterday's a matter of fact, it's supposed to like pop two twice a day.
Okay.
So I'm like doing two days now.
And Oliometh too.
Oliometh, soft gels contain the best, the purest, finest olive oil you'll ever find.
Not just ordinary olive oil, but super concentrated, loaded with health benefits for you.
Oliometh in your mouth every day can produce the risk of all sorts of nasty things that you're trying to avoid, like heart disease, high cholesterol, etc.
Plus there are 14 different Oliometh formulas you can choose from each one combining the best of purest, the finest, the nicest olive oil you ever heard of, with vitamins, minerals, and herbal stuff to support specific health needs.
From your bones to your blood pressure, which I'm taking, to your immune system.
All you have to do is pick out the formulas that are right for you and what you need.
And now there are three new Oliometh formulas, one to help you sleep, one to help you control that girth and cell Q10, coq10 for your heart.
Pick up somebody or act in your shopping around town because more and more stores are carrying Oliometh because more and more people are competent.
Pick it up at Publix, Eckerds, Walgreens, Whole Food, Markets, Navarro's and Sedanos are ordered online if you like Oliomethamerica.com.
If you want more info on your products, call them tool free.
1-866 Oliometh, that's 1-866-65366333 for better health, start popping Oliometh in your fat push right away.
5-666-6566, the radius of your stomach, Q-A-N.
Get in the thing, I'm smart, I'm like everybody said, like, no, I'm smart, and I want to sleep.
Coming up, on the next installment of MTV Crabs, our MTV Crabs camera crew visits the home of Snoop Dogg.
Yo MTV Crabs, what's up? Check out these crads.
Check out these fast boys from a bus sound how I met backstage in Oakland.
Now I need to be chilling with some pen and sillin' cause I got me a binaria with the Divisolines.
Yo, it's MTV Crabs, the show where your favorite star shows you something even more intimate than their home.
Hey y'all, what's up, I'm Fred Durst, and the reason my biscuit is lit cause it's easier parasites.
Now I got him from either Christina or Brittany, which just can't come to me with a grience as to who it was.
Yo, all that and more, on the next MTV Crabs right after real-world BD clinic on the 10 spot.
1117-560 WDQM, spick it at Joe Costello, and Joe was telling me when I was down there, he said he was getting a lot more action before he got married than he is now.
But I guess that's not unusual. No.
Join Joe Costello, new until 2 today at the Verizon Wireless located at 6989 Westbroward Boulevard.
Stop by to spend the QM prize field and win Marlon tickets to...
Well, the Marlon's arrived, well, it'd be something to hang on to, and then you can decide during those three weeks whether we'd want to go or not, depending on whether they win any games.
That's new to 2 today, Joe Costello at Verizon Wireless and prestigious plantation, 6989 Westbroward Boulevard.
Here's a fact that's good morning. Best line from Godfather to Frado. I'm smart, which I think I just played that, didn't I?
Yeah. Yeah. I just played that.
Also, don't forget...
Look, Obracio sleeps with the fishes.
Any bad.
Clemenza's lying.
Look, Obracio sleeps with the fishes.
Now, you know, it's Tessio, even though we got it spelled right now. He's got no votes.
And Clemenza, who we still can't, Eric still can't get the N instead of the second M in the air.
It's ENZ-A, ENZ-A, ENZ-A, as an Enzo to Baker.
For your Clemenza. He's got 14 votes.
Clemenza. Cause, yeah, he was fun.
I mean, Tessio was like, you know, no, is that the fact Clemenza or the skinny young Clemenza?
No, the fact Clemenza, not the skinny, a little punky young one, although he was a carpoot.
I think there were smokers of them in that carpoot.
This is an interesting story here. Oklahoma City and Oklahoma Man arrested on suspicion of beating his wife,
faced urine prison and a fine. But when he's spitting an arresting officer's face,
he got a life sentence instead, official said, yes, they do it.
Not suspended a sentence either.
John Carl Marquez, 36, a bean or no doubt, was convicted of placing bodily fluid upon a government employee,
a felony that can get, well, what about, it can carry a life sentence because of the possibility of transmitting a potentially deadly disease?
What about when Moe is out there picking the dingleberries out of his mouth?
Correct, though.
Huh? Only if he flicks them.
I'm on the airship to get for that.
State judge April Sellers White sentence, Marquez this week, even though Marquez and the officer tested negative for any communicable disease,
Marquez was also convicted of assaulting a police officer and a jury recommended the maximum sentence because he had previous convictions.
He spit in his puts and he's going to the slain. He won't be spit on anybody else on the outside anyway.
Also this story, I think, being a boy ought to be alerted this.
U.S. warrant of mass hacker attacks on the 6th of July, it's one of our bedtime stories, so I guess you already seen it.
The government, have you heard about this?
Yeah.
You had?
Yeah.
You think this is for real or is this the...
Who knows? You never know.
It could be the hackers spreading rumors.
You're going to tell me this week you've been such a vault of information.
It's beyond description.
The government and private technology experts warned today that hackers plan to attack thousands of websites Sunday
in a loosely coordinated contest that could disrupt internet traffic.
Oh, great.
A bunch of punks would nothing to do, right?
An early warning network for the technology industry operating with the Department of Homeland Security notified companies that received credible information about the plan of attacks
and already has detected surveillance probes by hackers looking for weaknesses in corporate and government networks.
We emphasized that all web-set administrators should ensure that their sites are not vulnerable,
wrote Peter Aller of Internet Security Systems Inc., the Atlanta-based company that runs the Information Technology Information Sharing and Amalization Center.
Separately, the New York Office of Cybersecurity and Critical Infrastructure Coordination warned internet providers and other organizations that the goal of the hackers
is to vandalize 6,000 websites in six hours.
New York officials urged companies to change default computer passwords, begin monitoring website activities more aggressively,
remove unnecessary functions from server computers, and apply the latest software repairs from vendors such as Microsoft Corp.
I'm sure we're doing all of those things.
Oh, yeah, right now.
I mean, everyone, our website and the QA website, I'm sure that everybody connected with WQM is busy as a beaver right now.
Yeah, they're doing it.
Hi, 670560. Just thought we passed that along the existing case, okay?
And don't forget, look at Brassie's sleep suit officials.
Who's your favorite character from the Three Godfather movies we're asking about?
Let's see, how many we got that never saw?
22, 10%.
10% of this audience so far out of 220 votes and exact 10%.
Never seen any of the Three Godfather's.
Maybe they don't own a TV.
Yeah.
Don Corleone 49.
Michael 42.
Centino 28.
Sonny.
Never saw Godfather 22.
Luca Brassie 17.
Clemens, 50.
You notice there's something consistent here?
The fat?
The fat people.
Loads of the people are audience likes.
Don Corleone, Luca Brassie, Clemens, the fat.
It's the Chiliani.
Tom Hagen 12, our crowd-mic friend.
Mo Green 8.
Frankie Pentangeli 6.
Frado's got 6.
Hyman Roth 5.
Jack, I love the scene where he's out fishing.
Oh, Frado, don't go fishing.
And he's doing the Hill Marys.
Hyman Roth 5, Jack, Waltz 5.
Tessio's got a pair.
Nice going there, Abe.
Abe's got a pair.
Salutso 1.
Captain McCluskey 1.
Sophia 1.
No votes for Connie or Niri or Vincent.
We could have put the Carlo 1 there,
but he wouldn't have got no votes.
Would it, Carlo?
Not Carlo, but Carlo.
Well, he was funny.
He was funny.
And the fight, Carlo was funny.
Yeah, that's right, when he took off his strap and he stared at me.
Yeah, let's put Carlo 1 there, okay?
Not to be confused with Carlo, who's one of the bodyguards?
Right.
And of course, Fabrizio, he was the bad bodyguard.
He's the one that sold that out.
Yeah.
Took him a look.
Apelonia, no.
Apelonia, no.
Too late.
Too late.
We won't see that car no more.
Monday, Tuesday.
Saturday.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
How did he go from Apelonia to K?
That's what I'd like to know.
I mean, he was already with KB.
He was already with KB.
He was already with KB.
That was like several steps down, don't you think?
Oh, yeah, but, you know.
Plus, I really like the hat.
Remember, she had the class.
She was teaching and she had a class, a little kids.
And they're all outside and he just standing there by the car.
What a silly, big, brimmed hat.
You know, but, you know, it was a time thing.
Bokeh Bryant still wears those.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
See, Bokeh Bryant, if he could get like in the time machine,
he'd like to turn it back to about like 1955, guaranteed.
Here's Liantana.
Hello.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Great.
Happy, you know, it's forth.
Sammy, you may have listened to that.
I'm glad you've gone farther than 10th today.
I've been on the line for about 20 minutes now.
So I have two things I want to say.
Just as you've got a call about the guy that was pointed out when Tom Hagen said to Michael
that he was more of a, he was like a brother, he considered himself a brother.
Right.
You know, remember that scene?
Now, I don't think he forgot to pray though.
So much.
Pray that it wasn't playing with the full deck.
He was short of few slices of a loaf.
Right.
Everybody knew that.
He was a fever.
Yeah, he had that fever.
That was explaining God's positive too.
Feet are going in, heater at night.
And also in that scene where Tom Hagen says, sorry, can't do a salad.
Yeah.
To me, what makes that scene not only does he say that, but he makes you take that step back with you.
Yeah.
He makes that step back with his own over for Tessio.
He was gone.
And he nods.
He gets that little, he gets kind of like a wink, a wink and a nod.
Right with the eyes.
Right.
He was too dealing, maybe.
Robert Duval is so great, man.
He is so great.
Great act.
Yeah.
We got out there.
Listen, also, you said one time about you wanted it for real, had that type of voice when he was a youngster.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Remember our game comedy is that character froggy?
Yeah.
Them froggy?
Yeah.
That's for real, man.
Could have been.
I think it's the same guy.
Me too.
Okay.
Hey, get him in Holliday, pal.
You too.
See ya.
That's the good one.
The rest of the show in his voice, because it doesn't hurt my throat anymore.
I'm used to, I got all lubed up now.
For froggy.
For froggy and for real.
Oh my god.
Of course there's another one that follows that, but we still need the license.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
51 votes, Don Corleone.
And believe me, when they say Don Corleone, they're talking about Marlon Brando.
With all the respect for Robert DeNiro, okay?
I mean, is there any comparison?
No.
No.
No.
I mean, DeNiro plays the young godfather.
It was good.
It was good.
It was good.
It was very good, but not like Marlon Brando.
I mean, I want to make him an offering.
Yeah, certainly about a pound short of a cotton in the cheeks.
Man.
Of course now, he don't need no cotton in this cheeks.
He's like probably got fat inside of his mouth.
From what we understand, Marlon's had lots of interesting things inside of his mouth.
Don Corleone 51, Michael 43, Sonny 30.
I wonder if that's the same son you stabbed that market by OD.
Never saw the godfather 26, 11.1%.
Clemenza, we got nice going there.
Eric, you're on top of that.
Nice going, Fatso.
Clemenza 17.
Look at Brasi 17.
He's a very scary guy.
Tom Hagenfort, see, let me tell you something.
The great movies like this one are the ones where you remember every scene.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Every scene was special.
Never get tired of it.
Watch it over and over and over.
And he's sitting there at the table at the wedding.
And she demands to know the story about the band leader, you know.
Right.
And then he goes to the whole story, which of course is the story of Benny.
Jimmy is a Jimmy Dorsi, a Tantanotani Dorsi, and Frank Sinatra.
He helps my father in his business.
Yeah.
Either his signature or his brains would be on at the contract.
That's a true story.
That's my family came, not me.
What?
That's the next one.
Oh, I know.
27 after 11.
Hey, listen, it's not just Joe Mars Jr. that I know.
I know in my harness racing names.
I also know my Godfather lines, Mr.
You don't mess with me.
Hey, here's a question for folks.
Have you called the Adam actress at 1-800-Matric yet?
If not, and you need new macros.
I can't imagine what you're waiting on because if you want the very best brand to discount prices every day without any of the hassles of showroom shopping,
I urge you to do what I did.
What I always do, call 1-800-Matric right now.
Miguel is doing it.
He's doing it a lot.
That's what I hear.
George, George, done it.
Moses did it.
In fact, I think Moses did it with Miguel.
I'd like to watch that.
These people at Dalai, Matt, Chris have got delivery down to his side.
You get to choose the date and time to fit your schedule.
How refreshing is that as opposed to the other people that make you sit on your ass all day and don't even show up half the time?
With Dalai, Chris, they give you a 2-hour window that you picture without sitting home wasting time.
And when it's convenient for you, they will be there.
And Dalai, Chris, delivers evenings, weekends, holidays, even 4th of July.
Whenever it's most convenient for you.
Maybe you're thinking about one of those Swedish phone macros as you see in the specialty stores.
Well, guess what?
Dalai, Chris, Gary's, temper, pedic as well.
Plus all the big brand names like Certa, Simmons, King Quayle, Celia, discount prices every single day.
No bait and swish, no phony sales.
So I have it the biggest macros during a company just to phone call away.
Like I said, recently our good friend, the lovely Miguel called 1-800-Matras.
Got a great new macros from the folks at Dalai, macros and nothing could have been easier as well.
He says they showed up on time, set it up, took out the smelly, heavily soiled old betting, and set up the brand new one for free.
So don't wait another minute, pick up the phone right now and call 1-800-Matras, 1-800-MATTRES,
come to the crusty old Neo-Tor-D to call, or check them out on that wicked worldwide web for a great night's sleep at macros.com.
We're sports radio 560, QAM.
Spoilings you can see, they talk when they should listen.
C is the greatest singer the world has ever known, and now she has created the greatest fragrance the world will ever smell.
Selene, perfume.
Hello, this year is Selene Dion, and my order will go on, yes?
A view of a photographer to smell like Selene Dion after she sweats on stage for 3 hours.
Now you can, with Selene, perfume.
Take a few drops and dab some on the neck of my perfume.
Selene, perfume. This sensual scent that makes about as much scent as her English.
Oh, good, it smells, no?
Inspired by her music. Selene, perfume.
Is the Titanic audio for the beauty who wants to smell like a piece?
So run, don't walk for my perfume to the store you should go, yes?
Selene, perfume.
When it comes to celebrity brand extension advertising, this one really stinks.
Like my music, no?
Yeah, amen. You know what they say about Selena here?
I can't stand that so much.
It's a level 33 of 560 WQA. And here's a amazing story from Boko.
I guess we shouldn't be surprised.
Everything in South Florida is like real staggy and crusty.
Anyway, a new kind of crispy cream shop is coming this way to Boko.
It says, but it might not be as easy to be first in line for those tasty pastries.
It'll be the franchises first without the trademark neon sign telling customers when fresh donuts emerge.
The 66 year old company was forced to forgo with neon sign in deference to a long standing city law
and Boko that prohibits exposed neon signs.
Instead, crispy cream is designing its first non-neon illuminated sign to light up when the donuts are rolled out.
This one will be different crispy cream spokeswoman Ann Urban said,
as far as where we can't discover any other hot lights that are not neon.
The city's decades old sign code requires commercial signs to be approved by the community alliance board, well known for its fast-thickness.
In fact, Moe had to get a special permit for that piece for the muskrat.
The city's only McDonald's went up without its trademark golden arches because they were regarded as improper signs.
Crispy cream officials expected to start building this fall without the neon sign.
Oh, how sad!
How sad, which is more repressive?
In fact, there's three of them.
Coral Springs, Coral Gables, and the Boko.
Right.
Repressive. No ducks, no trucks, no signs, no neon.
Moe, no neighbor has a pickle truck and plain flight.
But if you're across the old fart,
I guess that's why Coral dumped Boko for this week and went down to South Beach.
How do you like that? He's getting all the freebies at the fountain blue.
He's got connections there, man.
Yeah.
I ever tell you the story about the top floor of the fountain blue that used to be.
Many years ago.
So you didn't, I never told that.
I'm sure I must have told it on here. It was a...
That's a dead club you moron!
Yeah, the top floor of the fountain blue was for very, very high-roars, multi-millionaires and billionaires.
They used to have like meal, well like hustlers up on the top floor.
That's a long time ago though. I want to mention that very emphatically.
Although Scott said he would be looking around for him.
I think he likes anything now.
I think he, because this morning he was talking about his real fantasy is to hump Harrison Ford.
You heard it.
I did.
Or maybe Beenerboy heard it. Were you in there when he was babbling about that?
I don't think so. I think I know that.
Everybody's in Duffkin, Duffkin attest to it.
He was in ear witness. In fact, he said, I'll fight you for it.
A guest evangelist was preaching at the first Baptist church in the small town of Forest Ohio.
That's in Hardon County.
Am I reading that right?
Yes, sir.
Emphasizing penance and asking for a sign from God.
The evangelist was preaching, asking for a sign from God.
At that moment, the church's steeple was hit by lightning,
setting the church on fire and blowing out the sound system.
It was awesome. Just awesome said church member, Rana Cheney, 40 of rural forest.
You could hear the storm building outside.
The evangelist just kept asking God what else he needed to say.
He was asking for a sign and he got one.
Cheney said the lightning traveled through the microphone and it developed the preacher,
but he was not injured.
Afterward on Tuesday evening services resumed for about 20 minutes.
But then the congregation realized the church was on fire and the building was evacuated.
Sounds like a scene from passions.
The Forest Fire Department quickly downstaffed the flames.
Damage was estimated at 20 grand.
Forest is about 60 miles south of one of the most horrible places on the face of the Earth, Toledo.
Every minute Toledo?
No.
Don't.
Woo!
Man.
You talk about the armpit of the universe.
South Florida is paradise compared to Toledo and then again so would the Cheek to Wagoby.
Anyplace.
Buffalo is dynamite compared to Toledo.
Horrible place. Don't ever go there.
Okay.
Well, I mean, you might stop there on your travels.
Maybe like on a way to Chicago or something like that.
I've been to Cleveland, Cincinnati.
Mike, I said North Miami Beach. Hello.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
Delated anniversary.
I was out of town.
I didn't have a chance to call.
Well, the early anniversary.
Thank you so much.
And it's always a pleasure to hear you.
I've been listening to you since 82 at least.
Wow.
Or that.
Anyhow, what I'm calling about is basically three things I'll hang up in the comment afterward.
One, the Godfather series movies in general.
Very, very good.
Tremendous acting, camera shots and make up the whole nine yards.
It's hard to put a finger on one particular actor because it's like a unified effect of all the characters.
Right.
And make it with the movie together.
And secondly, I haven't heard anybody mention the, well, two movies.
You know, like network with such a tremendous movie because it gave this gruesome future what's going to happen.
Right.
And the other one was the movie Tucker with Jeff Bridges, you know, with the biography of Preston Tucker of the automobile.
I never ever saw that.
Oh, it's tremendous.
It just, it just, it shows how the big three corporations just literally destroyed the man.
I mean, just literally destroyed him.
And another movie that just been out all fairly recent is about, I think of it, the year 2000 came out.
I think it's called holiday's heart.
I don't know if anybody's ever mentioned to you or you've seen it or anything.
No.
It's a, it's a, the, the makeup and the acting and the storyline is good.
It's a, it's a novel.
It's about a 50 year old black drag queen who repriends a woman with a child who's on crack and is living with a crack addict, and it's beautiful.
Sounds like a lot of fun, yeah.
Yeah, it has the act, the acting is tremendous just absolutely.
It just gets your heart.
But anyhow, another thing is that I don't know if you heard this Dr. Kennedy lately been really getting on the ACLU.
No, I have not.
I don't, I don't pay any attention to Northwest.
Oh, if it's a nightmare.
Other than the real nightmare.
It's typical old, the reactionary mentality.
Yeah.
I call it nothing told me to be ashamed of myself.
Yeah, they should, they should take the cross off the top of the, you're just put a big swastika on it.
Yeah, well, polio and thou.
Exactly.
Well, listen, have a great holiday, pal.
Good hearing from you.
You're doing good luck to your body.
Thanks, I needed, thanks.
Twenty what?
Ooh, that was interesting.
The way that I'd like chopped off there.
Maybe that was an act of God.
Dude, good.
Here's a fact from Lynn who says, please, Ed, my, oh yeah, how come we left town hanging off of there?
We did?
Didn't we?
No, he's on the phone.
How could we?
Oh.
Well, I mean, I'm not going to be getting close.
He's doing very well.
Well, scared to hell out of me, scared me right down to my pantaloonies and German Irish.
Lynn says, I don't have the voting option online today.
So oh, we got him on here, Lynn.
Don't the panic.
Also, a car to Gildey show yesterday was complaining about Scott for Ralph's voice.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, wow.
Woo, that, I wish I'd have given anything to hear that.
Can you imagine that somebody calling into Gildey, who of course we know is obsessed with...
Up the butt.
That stuff.
Complaining about for Ralph's voice.
She says I'd rather listen to Forrel than squeaky, squeaky boy any day.
Have a great holiday, Lynn, you two.
Wow.
Gildey, shame on you.
I like dick a lot.
Well, 20 till noon at 5.60 WQM, the mad dog from Key West and other brutal assignment
to the Forth of the Sanctuary.
I am low.
This is sports radio bicycle.
You way, yeah.
And you are one pathetic loser.
Absolutely.
Don't call your own.
I am honored and grateful that you have invited me to your daughter's wedding.
And I hope that their first child be a masculine child.
I pledge my ever ending loyalty for your daughter's bridal price.
Thank you, look, my most of that is, don't call your own.
I'm going to leave you now because I know you are busy.
Absolutely.
That look, a man, he is a very scary guy.
14 till noon at 5.60 WQM.
Don Corleone, he's a ten ahead of Michael.
Why not?
Sure.
I wanted you vote for.
Sonny.
Centino.
Yeah, that's your kind of guy.
It's especially the fight when he's beating Carlo up and he does the shoe and the garbage can lid.
Yeah, he's just a pip.
And the fire hydrant, good to see you, master fire hydrant, like off his moorings and water spritzen out everywhere.
Nice going, Sonny.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neo.
Yes, sir.
What's up?
How you doing, man?
Good.
I have got it.
I voted for Sonny, by the way.
I just like the way he died.
I was kind of calling.
He got shot to death when he was dead.
He got kicked in the head.
What a pain you've blown at brains all over your life, I hope.
And I got a question for you.
How can you have so many people in Miami not seeing the gun fall?
Don't they know that on DVD you can listen to it and to banish?
Oh, yeah, never thought about that.
You're right.
How did they not see it?
And another thing.
It's great, but.
Another good movie.
Even though no one talks about it.
Shawtank Redemption.
And per survey on your internet website you should do it.
People will listen to your show.
How many propositions that sex and they have while it's on the air.
I had a blowjob when I listened to your show about five days ago from my girlfriend.
Excellent.
It was kind of exciting.
And the best line heard something.
Squared, Squared.
And the best line was Lisa Gunn, Get the Canole.
Okay, thanks, Pellie.
Have a good one.
See you.
He didn't say blowjob, did he?
I have a high score.
Take the Canole.
What do you say?
Lisa Gunn.
Take the Canole.
Step that comments in there a little bit.
Don't do that again.
He'll shoot me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, V, 5, 6, V on the AT and T of Verizon.
Don't forget, join Joe Castello.
Good Italian boy.
Now let's see.
Where was he?
Oh, that's right.
He said his family was from Naples and he wasn't talking about Florida either.
Right.
He got very depressed when I discouraged him from going there.
If he ever does make it idly, don't go to Naples.
Okay, go to a Roman Florence and whatever.
But don't go to.
Don't waste your time.
Don't go to Naples.
Why don't you shlippers there?
You want to see shlippers hang out in the South Florida.
Join Joe Castello.
Noon to two this afternoon.
Any minute now he'll be shown up there at the Verizon Wireless.
$69.89 West Brewery Boulevard.
Stop there when they spend a QM prize deal.
And maybe even win some Marlon tickets.
That's noon to two.
Any minute now.
Would Joe Castello with Verizon Wireless in prestigious highly overrated plantation?
I mean, plantations okay.
I've been here a long time.
But it's just, you know, you know what it is?
It's just a place.
Sure.
But you know what I mean?
It's a burb.
Yeah, there's, uh, we ain't got much.
We got the new pizza aloft.
Who don't say that?
We got the new pizza aloft there by how Walgreens you've got.
And we got, and we got a lot of Walgreens and Echards is right, streets.
Roads.
And we got some streets and roads and a lot of cops with radar.
But other than that, you know, we got the, uh, sogrest.
But you know, the sogrest is an implantation.
Right.
That sunrise.
Yes.
As you get a little bit further west on that side of the street,
you need to become inside because the line is like Ziggy's Ag or something like that.
Or maybe because the people of the sogrest didn't want to be involved in plantation.
Because I think that the zoning laws are so restricted in plantation.
I mean, you talk about boca and the onsigns.
Plantation, you can't do just about anything.
I think, didn't Jeff have a problem with his pizza aloft sign there too?
I think he did.
He wanted to put a sign like out by the street because you can't see him from the road.
And oh, you can't do that in plantation.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Virginia.
Dale.
Yeah.
What happened to him?
5670, 568.
He just vanished.
He just disappeared into thin air.
He must be an act of God.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Um, I'm trying not to put your listeners to sleep.
Number one, you should have the worst characters in Godfather like maybe Eli Waller.
No, there's only three or four and they're all from Godfather three.
We don't want you to make it.
I'm going to be so negative.
Don't do it if you're bipolar and a director.
Okay, listen, Henry Wright, how did you put me into a coma?
Negative.
Hostile.
Hey, now that guy right there, I would track him down.
He's a part of the problem.
Negative.
How, how, why would you want to make a list of the most the least like characters in the Godfather?
Like you said, it'd be a short list all from part three.
Yeah.
Bad acting.
Okay.
Sophia, George Hamilton, Eli Waller.
That's it.
There you go.
Not much of a list.
Nobody gives a flying crab about it.
Have a crappy holiday, sir.
Maybe there's some fireworks that will blow up in your push.
5670560, pound 568 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
We got 323 votes, not too shabby.
Not even knew yet, owner boy.
Don Kuala on a 68.
Miguel, a 61.
Well, you know who else was really good?
I mean, they were all good, but, um,
Don, not Donald's a bello.
Don't know if it was, uh, Eli Waller.
Don Tamasino, right?
Remember Don Tamasino?
They make it through Godfather 3 all the way, almost.
Don Tamasino.
Roll it along, sing it a song.
Oh, no, wait a minute.
No, don't don't.
Don Tamasino was, uh, I'm getting confused now.
What was the, uh, God, what a glasses that they had a kill at the end there.
Don Lucas.
Are you sure?
No.
Are you sure?
I love the way you know you're right.
You're right.
No, don't.
Tana Sino was a good, his good buddy in Comforton.
That's what I thought.
And then Luke, he was the other way.
The one of you stuck his glasses in his, oh, we shouldn't tell him that, okay?
That Colorado stuck his, uh, we yanked his glasses of his,
like I'm in his neyo, was the original Don of them all.
Wasn't it?
That was the one in Sicily.
Right.
Don Tichio.
Don't want with that knife.
Yeah, that's the one.
Don Tichio.
And this is for you.
Enjoy the Italian festival, Don Tichio.
Why you can't?
I like the way that the Neorah put that towel around the gun.
That was good.
In fact, you know something that's hard.
I think it's a different Don.
You are.
I'm thinking of the Don and the guy that got gutted was Don Tichio.
Don Chirri.
Don Grape.
Oh.
No, the Bon Finucci was the one in the back of New York.
Oh, that's right, Don Finucci.
You want to get my Don's confused, you know?
The black hand.
Don Cornell, Don Chirri, Don, I can get all my Don's confused.
Johnson.
Don Johnson, Don Johnson.
Are you threw me off there?
I had something extraordinarily important to pass along.
And it just threw right away.
That's what happens when you get old in the Fibral, man.
And it's hard to keep your Don straight.
I had a line there.
I bet you did.
Yeah, I'll just let it go.
5, 6, 7, 8, oh yeah, don't squeeze it too tight.
Pound 5, 6, the Audi AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
If it sounds like we're having just like a little party here today,
it's our July 4th celebration.
Nothing too serious, nothing heavy duty.
It's, what is it?
100 degrees in the shaders at 4 and cats and dogs are both.
Who the hell they both?
Yeah, a little bit of both.
Oh, well some bad news for you.
Story number 8 on our bedtime stories this morning.
I sure hope you didn't have an opportunity to look at these.
I looked at the headlines.
Oh, but you probably were dismayed when you saw Walmart extends anti-discrimination policy to gay workers.
Well, could send them.
Since we hate Walmart so much and they're trying to be so magnanimous for everybody.
Walmart stores, Inc. the nation's largest private employer will now include gays and lesbians and its anti-discrimination policy.
Company official said yesterday.
Companies spokesman Tom Williams said the policy will not affect benefits,
which Walmart does not offer to unmarried partners of any orientation.
But he said sexual orientation will be added to the company's existing diversity awareness training programs for employees.
And I'm assuming if any Americans who work at Walmart come out here to Canada and get married legally,
that their marriage will be recognized and they will get benefits.
Because it's got to be recognized in the US since US recognizes Canadian marriages.
You follow what I'm saying?
And on top of all that, we still hate Walmart like poison, okay?
They should only rot.
Nasty, right wing miserable.
5,670560. Here's a call from West Palm Beach. Hello.
NEO! Yes, sir.
You will.
Yeah.
Hey, uh, me and my buddies are here.
We didn't get to hear this one. What happened with the back was for real.
What happened with what? Oh, that was a setup deal, man.
He, uh, you know, sucked me into that thing.
It was a fireworks night and a fourth of July thing.
It was a special deal. Plus he, plus he's getting free.
He's at the fountain. Blue all summer long. He don't need my help.
He's getting all kinds of freebies in here.
You better, you better believe that.
I've got one.
Yeah, he's got one. Okay.
Have a great day. You're out of material, pal.
5,670560. How about Don Juan de Marco?
In a lovely Johnny Depp.
Didn't see it.
Yeah, I'm wrong. I did see it. I don't want to see it again.
It's all a little bits of them, TV.
Almost went out and got that DVD.
Think that I remembered. Don Corleone 66.
You're for 69. Oh, I can't say that.
Your favorite character from the three Godfather movies. Don Corleone 69.
Michael 63. Got to go to the hospital.
Never saw no Godfather.
39 11.7%. Shame on you.
Shame on you. Get with it. This weekend.
Sonny 38.
Clemenza 23.
Look at Brotsy 23. How'd you like to try to feed those two?
Tom Hagen 19. Mo green.
I love Mo green. In fact, if I wouldn't have voted for Don Corleone
as much as I like Sonny and Michael and everybody else.
And the fact Clemenza, because I can really, I love Mo green.
Do you know who I am? I'm Mo green.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
There was just, I don't know what it was.
There was just something to slick about him, you know?
Slick is olive oil.
Frankie Pentangely 11.
Get his body out of the bathtub.
All right, starting to stink.
Frato's got 10.
Hyman Roth has got 8.
You know why that is?
Probably because they had dragged by his house where he used to live in Hellendale.
No, no, certainly.
There used to be that scene.
Because everybody talks about Marlansky on the beach, which is true in his last years.
He did live on Collins Avenue.
But the scene that's depicted in Godfather 2 there where they're meeting at his home.
And he's watching that football game.
That's in Hellendale.
And it looks just like it.
It looks just like Hellendale.
Like the average age is about 100.
We could probably find that house.
I guarantee that house ain't there no mole.
In fact, before he moved to Boka,
Mow was negotiating to buy that place, that joint.
He was such a wonderful man.
He used to walk his dog on Collins Avenue, Mr. Lansky.
And then of course his son had that problem at the forge that time.
Oops, sorry.
We love you, Mow.
We love to a rip you an ass.
I said, what would we do?
Seriously, what would we have done?
I mean, he made our life so miserable for everybody.
You know what, it's what a good mood we're in now that we've got for real.
And we've got that big separation.
And most on vacation to top it all off.
But, well, actually, we probably would have had a much better time.
Oh, seriously, I'm trying to rationalize it.
You know what, the best stuff this year wouldn't be as good.
How's that?
That's true.
The best stuff would not be as good without Mow.
Absolutely.
And they've no mistake about that.
And when he finally leaves when they finally blow his nasty or last out the door, we won't
be able to pick on him, no Mow.
All right, quite frankly, I guess we will.
His great will, of course.
Another six months of material.
Maybe he could leave that here.
Love and 50, what the material?
The piece.
Love and 50, seven at five, sixty WQM.
You know, hurricane season is definitely arrived already in South Florida.
Before storm hits, you always put up shutters to protect the windows and doors in your house.
But what about the roof of your house?
The Somae paint factory makes roof mastage, a roof coating that can help you hurricane proof your roof.
Somae's roof mastage saved hundreds and hundreds of roofs during hurricane and roof, while a lot of unprotected roofs were peeding off and flying down the old road.
Somae also has waterproof coatings for every kind of roof ever made.
So call the Somae paint factory at 305-63363333.
The Somae paint factory is the oldest quality paint and water from coating manufacture in the entire state of Florida.
Somae will save you lots of money because they eliminate the middleman markups.
They sell to everybody at wholesale prices that are sixty percent lower than what you'd pay for the exactly same national brands in your retail stores.
So protect your home and property from South Florida's tough, brutal, tropical climate with the best paints and waterproof coatings going anywhere at the best prices too.
Call the Somae paint factory and be sure and tell them please that old Neil told you to call 305-63363 or find them on the web at Somae-SOMAY-SOMAY.com.
You save a Schmidtload of cash when you buy directly from the Somae paint factory called 305-63363333.
Why in local? Here sports radio 560-2-A-M.
I am Frao, Ili and I'm Ross Lateman and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the near roe-kay, I'm gonna use the hour.
You like famous people? Do you like joining fan clubs? Do you have absolutely no sense of human decency whatsoever? Then join the Scott Peterson fan club?
I so honky, there's no way you could be guilty. Of course not, that's why thousands of women are writing love letters to Scott in prison hoping to become the next lucky Mrs. Peterson.
I think I can change him. He doesn't need changing his soap. You.
Well, you sound like the perfect candidate for the Scott Peterson fan club. Sign up now and you'll get a Scott Peterson poster, a Scott Peterson bumper sticker and a set of Scott Peterson trading cards.
I'll trade you two scots with the orange hair for one Scott and your orange jumpsuit. Now, wait, that's the most correctable one.
Membership in the Scott Peterson fan club also entitles you to receive personalized cards and letters from Scott himself.
Look, I got a letter from Scott. He wants to marry me and take me fishing on her honeymoon. He's so sweet.
What? One lucky fan club member gets a chance to meet Scott face to face.
You think I did two inch thick, re-informed glass, window every third Wednesday between the hours of one and one 15 p.m.?
Ooh, I hope he has your orange hair that day. Yeah, that makes him look so homer-scivil. Is she?
Join the Scott Peterson fan club because you're almost as sick as he is.
From 0205 60 WDQM, happy for the July weekend to you. And Godfather 3, my favorite line, maybe not the best line, but my favorite was when Sophia looked straight at Michael and said,
just one word. She's hard to ruin that reading, you know.
Maybe I enjoyed it so much because she was picking a bullet right through the chest and right through the heart, the audience applauded at the theater.
Yeah, standing ovation, man. Two men, it couldn't have been a little bit sooner, like about two and a half hours earlier. Sophia, how it's spend it all in one place?
Oh, boy, she was just brutal. Talk about having no shame.
A Tennessee middle school allowance security cameras. Yeah, who the hell was talking about this? Was it Gildi?
Yeah, somebody called Gildi about this this morning. Yeah, what's Gildi? Yeah, I know. I think it was for real. Maybe it was being a boy talking about it.
A Tennessee middle school allowance security cameras to film children, undressing in locker rooms, and then stored the images on a computer accessible through the Internet.
According to a lawsuit filed by a group of angry parents, it's called PD pedophiles delight.
The lawsuit filed last week in federal court Nashville, six, four point two million dollars in damages.
The parents contend to school system violated students rights by putting hidden cameras in boys and girls' locker rooms at the Livingston Middle School.
The cameras reportedly captured students ages 10 to 14 in various stages of undressed. I bet you have the rectum remand is doing a line-off as business on that website.
Can you imagine the whole guide? That's what they're saying. What about a neck?
The parents have no, that's a bokeh Brian. The parents have been devastated by the conduct of the school officials by the videotaping and by the breach of trust that attorney Mark Chalow, who represents the parents of 16 girls and one boy.
Oh, they must not be checking it out yet at the rectum. It's only one boy. Chuck Kegel lawyer for Overton County School said he wouldn't comment because he hadn't read the lawsuit.
Edu Tech Inc, the company that installed the surveillance cameras in several Overton County schools, was also named in the lawsuit officials for that company also are mum.
Parents learned that the cameras when a student reported a suspicious device in the school at Livingston about 80 miles east of Nashville. Oh, you just got a love Nashville.
The lawsuit contends that the image is captured by the cameras were stored on a hard drive.
In the office of the assistant principal could be accessed from the remote computers by the internet. It claims the computer's password security had not been changed from the factory default setting.
In other words, it was their default. The images were reportedly accessed 98 times between July 2002 and January 2003.
Sometimes late at night and early in the morning and through internet providers in Tennessee and South Carolina.
The assistant principal has been transferred to another school system and the best part of this is they say they don't even know if the cameras are still operating or not, but they're going to check it out.
Wait until they'll take a peek.
They'll pass.
Off a lot of this surveillance crap going on. You know what I'm talking about?
You. Since it is the fourth of July, I realize it's just a commercial thing and fireworks and barbecues and stuff like that.
Hopefully a lot of barbecues since their spots coming up next, but I don't think anybody anymore thinks about the meaning of any holidays, whether it's veterans day or memorial day or the fourth of July or Labor Day.
Any of that stuff.
That's all commercial.
So this business about the Declaration of Independence and went in the course of human events, a bunch of Nazi steel election is not what it said.
Nobody cares about that stuff anymore.
Talking about movies, you don't get sick that what does that mean?
I don't get sick of maybe.
Oh, it says here's my top 10 list for my beta collection. Somebody's got a beta.
What I think ought to be worth something someday.
But third man.
Yeah, I've got a master beta key. Largo casino royale, catty shack.
Oh, I mean, it was a funny movie, but I mean, you know, for once trading places, Brazil.
Yeah, adventures of Baron Munchausen. He's still munching on us.
What I heard were the Buffalo Rome clockwork orange, the shining 1941 high Sierra.
I will never watch these on the beta max, but we'll always watch them when they're on TV.
Question mark.
What?
Have a great holiday says jury at the Heavenly Days brewery in Denver.
Can you believe the escalator accident beat the cat story?
I mean, if you need any beer, he says.
You need beer.
Yeah, that escalator at the Rockies game out there in Denver last night.
There were people leaving the ball game in the air.
I'll escalate the side like it was in a big hurry.
Okay, maybe I had a hot day.
We're looking at the video.
No, they've had video.
Oh, yeah, it's funny.
Is this funny?
It's hysterical.
All right, my mom, everybody got hurt seriously.
So I guess we can say it's funny watching.
That's on the internet or something.
Oh, it is.
I can put a I can try to put a link to it.
Oh, my all means.
Why not?
Have you ever seen it?
Yep.
And funny.
I mean, how would you feel if you're like on an escalator and going to normal speed and all of a sudden it takes off?
They said it was going like 140 miles an hour or something.
I'd say we just zoom in.
Yeah, like a free amusement park ride.
I'm not sure I'm with that no extra charge.
I mean, we heard it's a holiday.
You're in hurry to get home.
Boom.
There you go.
Dog pile at the end of it.
Sure.
Just whip your ass right out of here.
Yeah, let's get that on our website.
Okay, that gives a few extra hits on here.
Oh, here's the story also with a dozens herded course field.
More than two dozen people were injured.
Some seriously, it says.
See you tell me not.
When an escalator at course fields failed after the end of the fireworks display following a baseball game.
Humans were involved.
Oh, this is another story.
Oh, no.
Did you see this?
Yeah.
That's why you faxed this to me.
I'm not fooling anybody.
Humans were involved in the mutilation of at least 307045 dead cats found in the Denver metro area in the past year investigator said yesterday.
Oh, my God.
Mutilation of 307045 dead cats.
Oh, right.
That's the girl that was a referring to these two stories obviously.
I see.
Oh, I know what he was talking about with the dead cat.
Put a smile on my push.
That's bad.
I mean, you know, I just hate cats.
I'll be perfectly.
I'm not going to lie about it.
I hate cats.
I can't stand cats.
I can't stand litter boxes.
I can't stand the whole ambiance of the whole deal.
I don't understand why men have cats.
Well, have a broker Brian explain that to you next time he's in here.
I mean, basically, I assume that most of it was woman that were into like pussy cats.
Right.
Huh?
I know too many male friends that have cats and I don't know how to explain.
Are you serious?
Are you sure?
I'm not a lot.
Oh, they can't be real men.
I mean, even somebody is marginal as me.
I mean, I couldn't dream of having a cat.
Oh, no pussy in my house.
5.670560, 0.560 on a AT&T and for Rise the Line, who's your favorite character from the three Godfather movies?
Don Corleone, 74, Michael 72.
Get really tight.
Get neck and neck.
Knows to nose.
Never saw no Godfather movie, 45, 12.1%.
We urge you.
We beseech you.
Get with it over the weekend or soon.
Sometime this summer, we should send a fund.
For what?
Red a theater?
No.
Sonny, Santino 40, Clemensa 26, Luca Bratzie 25, Tom Hagen 21, Mo Green 14, Frankie Pentangely 13, Fredo 11.
Hyman Roth's got nine.
Boy!
Just a retired business man.
Just an investor living on a pension.
Jack Walts 5, Sophia 3, Vincent 3, Tessio 3, Connie 2, Connie's got a peer.
Solazzo's got two, McCluskey one, Non-Fur Carlo and Non-Ferniri.
Although I did like when Niri paid the bishop, the arch bishop of his.
Remember when he was eating the candy on the train?
Right.
And he was like, leafing through the different candies.
And of course, he lifted up the top layer and he had his piece, he had his gun.
Right underneath the candy.
It was a beautiful thing.
It's 11 past noon at 560 WQM, the mad dog in Key West.
The chula's down there, 2 to 4 this afternoon.
No Humper today.
He's on his way to Vegas or maybe already there, knowing him.
Eddie Kayle be doing hang show for the 7 of chulas.
No baseball game.
Marlon's on the road.
They're on their way to Philadelphia.
After that wild braves and red socks series is.
Chulan Mark 7 at 10 tonight.
10 to 2 tonight on what usually is the Eddie Kay show.
You got the big fillin in the ESPN radio overnight.
Wait till you're tomorrow schedule boys and girls.
You'll love it.
Right at the time.
Mark it on your arm like in a momentum.
Right at on your leg.
Curtis and Zach tomorrow morning.
Five to wait on the most show.
Probably a big improvement.
The beast 8 to 10 on the for show.
That will not be an improvement.
Believe me, the beast will be on.
Oh, he promised me he won't do the same kind of crap he did last Thanksgiving on this show.
Whatever that was.
He admits it was really bad.
Tomorrow it says best in the LMI schedule but it will not be a tape.
It will be a beater plan about your busy.
And crap pieces of stuff bits and pieces and little honey.
Oh, look at this.
I attended Orlando, Wells Lake, weary.
The big O is going to be on two to five thirty.
He's getting a lot of work on these holidays when we have nobody else to fill in.
And then you got the marlins in the fillings in the ESPN.
A lot of other stuff because it's the holidays for real now and there ain't nobody around.
I don't want to.
I won't tell you what I did.
I'm so far ahead of myself.
Not that I'm going to hurry to get out of here.
That's bad to say that.
You know?
But I'm like two breaks ahead.
Not that I'm in a big rush.
I mean, it's already past noon.
You know, got this one licked.
12 past twelve at five sixty at WDQM.
Licked this.
Barbecues, Galora, carries the biggest range of grills.
Weber grills and accessories starting with their Weber Smoky Joe Portable Charcoal Grille for under twenty eight bucks.
The perfect grill for any fourth of July or any other picnic.
Today's the day you ought to get in there, okay?
And finish out with all the other supplies you need for the big barbecue in over the weekend and all summer, July, August, etc.
Labor Day.
Nobody can beat Barbecues, Galora's incredible, unbeatable select and top quality grills.
They carry a full line of grills, including Weber, Viking, Janere, Burrell, mate.
And lots of exclusive grills made, especially for them that you won't find no place else.
Turbo, Barbecues, Chef, Cook on a Captain Cook, and all of the grilled grills that they carry at the Guaranteed Lois prices in town.
Right now at Barbecues, Galora take advantage of no payment, same as cash financing until January 2004.
And before on approved credit.
This week you can take home the amazing, the gigantic three burner cook on grill, a Barbecues Galora exclusive and an unbeatable price.
It comes with a host of great features that you would normally only find on more expensive grills, like 42,000 powerful BTUs,
porcelain coated cast iron burners and cooking grills, and a big gigantic 625 screens cooking area.
I guarantee you will not find another grill like this one for this kind of price.
Now just 349 bucks and only at Barbecues Galora, perfect for your July 4th and all your other cookouts.
Don't forget this is a story you're absolutely going to love. They got great service. They know their business inside and out.
And everything you need for Barbecuing is waiting for you at Barbecues Galora with every day unbeatable prices too.
You'll find them two locations in South Florida, in plantation, on university,
Draven a fountain shopping center called 954-423-1400, and Crol Springs Corner, Sample and Rock Island Roads call them there at 954-75-766-68, a sensational joint Barbecues Galora.
And local, this is 4205-1600, you ain't can't wait.
Criminalized pot in Florida.
Absolutely.
I'm fine, I'm fine, I'm fine.
That's not fine!
Okay, where you can smoke and kick it to, you can really die to smoke and fight.
Oh, right.
Where you can sing any of the songs, you can smoke it in a bomb, smoke and fight,
fight, fight, fight, fight, fight.
Waterpotting and lazy, saying to me, that's enough to smoke and fight,
fight, fight, fight, fight.
That's good.
That's good.
Let's go, smoke and fight, let's go, smoke and fight, let's go, smoke and fight.
Uh-huh.
Come on
Let's go
Spotify
When it was easy for Cal and the new Rohini
Smokey
Fight fight fight
When there's a black crow
Is there a giant mini-crime
Smokey
Fight fight fight
This is free and ours
And blue and selfish
Fight fight fight
Let's go
Let's go
Spotify
Let's go
Spotify
Oh!
Let's go
Spotify
Let's go
Spotify
Okay
Come on
Let's go
Spotify
Let's go
Everybody's solo
Well, they're supposed to be some words here, but I forgot them because I smoked too much fight
I lived a lot of blues and everybody out there was smoking fights
I stopped
Blind bailing in the grid actually never in the real game
It's much weird, man
Let's go Spotify
Oh!
Let's go Spotify
Let's go Spotify
Oh, right
Let's go Spotify
Okay
Come on
Let's go Spotify
Let's go Spotify
Spotify
Spotify
Spotify
From 18 to 5.60 WQM
And look at that Michael has moved past Don Corleone in the first place
I know where you straight up
You broke my heart
You broke my heart
That is a shocker to me, you know, but like I said, he's got a leg up because he was in all three movies
Right
Michael 79
Don Corleone 75
Your favorite character from the Godfather from the three flicks
Never saw no Godfather movie 50 12.5
12.5% of this audience hasn't even got the beginning of a clue what life is really all about
Clemens at 27
Luc Abrazi 26
Tom Hagen 22
Mo Green 18
Nice going, Mo, hey Mo
Maybe that's why I keep thinking about Mo Green, you know, maybe it's sublimable
Frankie Pentangely 13
Fredo 12, Hyman Roth 10, Jack Walsh has got only five
I thought Jack Walsh could do a little bit better than that especially for that one line
I don't get how many day go, Jenny, what grease ball, come out of the woodware
Maybe they just don't respect guys just sleep with horse
He leave one word out one name for them out
No
I don't get how many day go, Jenny, what grease ball, come out of the woodware
I got them all in here very nice nice going, Jack
Here's a call from a somewhere where's this from Boynton Beach, no less hello
Like I said a call from somewhere, Boynton Beach, yes sir
No, yes, all right pretty good
How about Funucci and the senator
Huh? Funucci and the senator
Remember the senator?
Yes, when he has a meeting with Michael when he says you know I don't like your kind coming around here with your fancy suits
And Michael said my offer is this nothing
Right, right, you're right
Also, Neil, yes
I understand that the scene when the guards are the children of Funucci stay by the car I want to go over get some fruit
He's got fruit
Paulie set him up
Paulie called in six
You guys come around and they shoot him
I understand that shot was filmed in New York with people all around courted off by the police watching that scene
How be damned
Yes, they have all the police they courted off all the crowd to watch that scene
It was live
Right, and when the scene was over they applauded like crazy
Really?
Yes, they say it because I have never seen a scene like that in my life somebody getting shot and dying
He didn't die though, don't don't embellish it
He had to come to the house
He had five shots and he's still alive
Right, also, Neil
Salazar
Yes, Salazar
The picture of the gateway with the
Getaway with Steve McQueen, Adam McGraw
And Sally Strong
He was in that
I'll be damned
Did George see that picture?
No
No, he said no, George said no
But that's one... you should see him in that movie
He's a great actor
He's good
Yes, also
I was born and raised and little Italy
Everything you see in the Godfather is aesthetic
I saw it myself
Even the Jemco Oliver company, huh?
I saw the watch him for no
The parade with the saints and the
The daughter builds on the same thing
As a kid, I took out the win as the
Tenement House and watch him do it
I bet today they had the best damn Italian sausage
Those festivals, huh?
I'm serious
Yes, they did. Well, you know, everything was home, it's the aesthetic and plastic
Right
Everything was made from scratch
Okay, my friend, I'll see you in the little Italy
All right, put the sausage
See in Sicily with a big sausage, thanks
Oh, forle, won't see him no more
I won't see him no more
I gotta take a leak
See what I mean? Every scene, every line, every movement, every breath
Is like, enveloply etched into your memory forever and ever
That's why every time it comes on TV, that's the reason we have to keep seeing it over and over again
Because we have to recall, we have to reprise in our brain each and every one of those things
All of these things
Am I right? Yep
I'm gonna make them an offering kind of a few
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
Maybe, maybe, Don Corleone could come in intermediate that next meeting between Greg Reed and Moze Agent, you think?
I wanna make them an offering kind of a few
Here's a call from Hollywood, hello
I'm your older brother Mike and I was stepped over
Tell Pop wanted, hate a whole lot of money
Reverend Jones is doing Frado
And Frado sounded like he was enjoying it too
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
Michael's got 81 and Don Corleone is 75, Michael's pulling ahead, he's yanking it
Never, oh now that can't be, never saw Godfather is 54 up to 13.2%
That's depressing, that's tragic
That's sad, it's un-- it's un- American is what is
If the 4th of July, it's our most patriotic of all the holidays if he acts me
Even more patriotic than a flag day
So let's get with it, let's over this week in honor of American, honor of Sicily, the Siciliani
I'm gonna make it to Sicily someday, everybody tells me that's really just a beautiful place
Yeah, who said that?
Everybody had talked to this, so you really ought to go to a Pullermo
Okay
Corleone, there is, obviously there is a place called Corleone
So what do you see those puppet shows, you know?
Oh yeah, Punch and Judy
Let me, in fact, maybe Michael would be behind the wheel, maybe he can be my driver
Let me show you Sicily
Okay, here's Boyton B, tell him
He'll bring out the peppers and some of these chips
What is he babbling about?
What is he babbling about?
About what?
Just about maybe just to do something with him
Not exactly
Did you do something with him?
He's probably interested
Did you do something with him?
He don't have any mail address
Does this person want to give Boca Brian money?
No, I'm getting that, but I can talk to George on how I can get in touch with him
Okay, hold on
I did put him on hold and you do whatever you want with him
Okay, maybe you'd like to do something with him
I don't know, he wants to do something with somebody
Okay, I know, but I'm...
If old chicken egg is busy, maybe you can fill the place so...
No, don't thank you, I won't be to fill in
Oh, what is this?
There's more to that, buddy
I got four pages I'm holding onto here and it's funny
This is hysterical, bash, Baptist are saving homosexuals
We'll give your church or pro family organization the XK you need to A
Prove that being a homo is just a silly choice
So it's okay with God to hate them and B
Raised dollars for new landscaping or the Gulf Stream
Jett you've always known Jesus once
Once you have
And and newly heterosexual Ricky Martin engaging in a typical red blooded heterosexual american mail past time
A giggly afternoon at a West Hollywood salon for even more kinky highlights
Excellent
High school on Ricky Tickie, you think he's falling anybody anymore?
No
Even the desperate babes out there
They know, they're on it, even the little 11 and 12-year-olds
I mean, they even figured out Nick Carter a little while back
20 states took him a little while but they finally figured it out
26 past noon at QAM
My, I, and Lull
This is Fort Real High 60
QAM 2AM
Hey
Yeah
Absolutely
I'm queer when my admission
I'm a bag who likes tinball
I'm here looking for this mission
It's not for that at all
I'll be ready to eat that food as long as it's alive
Breakfast
So far to do
If the girls are this guy
But I prefer that they're proud of
Here's Shads from High High's Light
The Tito with no more
High High's Light
That's right, I love it a little bit no more
Love it a little bit no more
Love it a little bit no more
Hey, this is Simulta
I'm sorry!
Get to the shabby, I'm gonna call the police
I thought, what a dish you're doing?
You are, I could fit
I found a dual fiction
I like to wear a dress
I was back on Saturday night
I was back on Saturday night
I was back on Friday night
I was back on Friday
I was just one more
If there's any more
Like a boy who got caught
He's like round-out
I'm like you're a thief of the blind
I like to lie
I like to lie
I never knew the thief of the blind
We're the lily thief of the blind
We're the lily thief of the blind
Clean it up, you spoiled guinea-brat
1232, that was a good scene
Probably got one vote, that's the reason I mentioned that
Maybe that was Connie
Maybe Connie got cast a vote
Here's the fact that it says
Do you know that Paul Anderson, the director of Magnolia, is the son of Ernie Anderson, the old ABC TV announcer
We used to say, the loo-boat
I didn't know that, did you?
No, no
Now we do
He's great, man, Paul, what is his middle name?
What is his middle name?
Paul, Thomas Anderson
I don't care what George tells you Magnolia
First see the Godfather, then Magnolia
When you got about 15 hours
And then once upon a time in America, the new director's cut
And then you'll be dead then
No, that'll take care of the weekend anyway
Also, it's his Fargo blows, don't waste your time
Okay?
I'm just reading the text
I don't know
When the first time you had one that I didn't like, and the...
What can I say?
You're the ones that like you guys like bully
I like bully
Please
Based on what? Why did you like that? What was there like about that movie?
Because it was gritty, it was disturbing it
No, it was something that rhymes with gritty, I'll tell you that
Schmitty
Remember Schmitty used to be down at the corner newsstand all the time
No
And it says Eric Spelling is one of my favorite things on the website with all the words in that sentence
Spelled a real bizarre
Eric, Eric said a little bit of identity crisis up there
He's not sure he wants to be a computer wizard or just a fat guy
So he's working on both
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you don't forget our good close personal buddy, Joe Costello, who's now a married man
Probably gonna have a family pretty soon
Wouldn't you think of the big bucks that he's making?
Probably, see I hate to say it, but probably she's making a lot more money in here
I mean, probably
I know that she is, but I don't want to say like him fatically yes she is
I mean, he's our friend
Yeah
Okay
He's securing his masculinity
So what does that have to do with it?
Well some guys don't like that getting out there that their woman makes more than them
I see
Makes them feel inadequate
Although I will say that thank God she got a different job because the agency she used to work for the ones that came up with those monks at the hockey games
Oh
I think the Panthers lost a whole bunch of games in a row
With those damn monks up there
And that would my luck
The night they got rid of the monks is the night the Leafs came to town and they kicked the Leafs ass that night
No she moved on
Yeah she moved into it like a real job as opposed to that lame agency
See the one thing was for real I really do I because I know a lot of it is stick but nevertheless he's you know he's doing this thing
And he's got everybody whipped up into a frenzy
And how much he got a few people out the game last night
Factor the man
But the fact that it matter is when the Panthers season starts and he's saying he's gonna do the same thing there
I'm not gonna jump on anybody's band way unless they they give us something you know give us something put something out there
Don't just be an ass look at least with the Marlins you know they got this kid now Don Trellen they got Mike Lowell
And what's his name that the grease ball that writes for the essential Mike Burrino
They were ripping him on a station the other day because they were embarrassed by the truth of his column that he wrote but it is true
Pretty embarrassing when a franchise has to press conference to announce that they're not gonna trade away their star player
That's pretty embarrassing
Pretty sad
That's like Michael Jackson and all these other and Bert Reynolds and Tom what's his name?
Selik holding press conferences when asked that they're not gay
Gay?
Yeah
But that aside
Yeah
Let me say that I swear
I'm a soldier my grandchildren. Yeah
But I will not be the one to break the peace we've made today
Are you sure?
Whatever I ever done to make you drink your service was better
24 to 1 at 560 WQM. So did I ever read the promo or not?
Oh yeah Joe is out there no into 2 now double 2 at the Verizon Marlins 6989 Westbound Boulevard and Plantation
Stop by to spend the WQM prize wheel
And win some Marlins tickets if you're really really lucky that's now no two would Joe Castillo would Verizon Marlins in prestigious plantation
560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line here's Miami with a whole bunch of stars next to it you know what that means hello
Hello Neil
Yes
How are you darling?
Okay
Listen Neil
Absolutely
What I'm talking about for now I want to make you a better guy again
Okay once the king always a king okay but once the queens enough get out of here
Lost
Of course it is you know it's a dog days of summer you were telling me before the show today that coming to work there wasn't a dog on the road
No
Not a live one anyway
In fact George said there were a couple of cats on the road it's where I got there so fast he was speeding up but he couldn't catch him
No no
I have to know about that I must confess that I have had the opportunity because cats are pretty dumb
I don't care what anybody says about how smart they're they're stupid yeah and I've had plenty of chance to like run over cats and
Wrote up by me but I just can't do it nothing make a mess you gotta watch no it's not that I'm not gonna run over a little pussy like that it's bad
It's really bad oh no I just couldn't live with myself I
Mean I'm not saying I would like like a dog I would slam the break and I would swerve into a tree
I would do anything to avoid a dog
I would get one of those ducks those nasty me you know I have not I don't I don't I'm not interested in killing living things okay that you were interested I
Mean I might make an exception absolutely but I'm not interested in like a
Squeezing the life out of some living creature I mean cats I don't know what they're probably they'll do one of
Two things they'll either dart across the road real fast without even looking I mean I mean even the armadillos and the
Accoons have got more common sense than that you know sure like you'd rather than I'd out there like by me I'm still out in the country kind of although almost
There be corner I was gonna my house on it but there's still a lot of possums and accoons out there right all the
The raccoons are thriving in the urban environment but but they'll they'll look around you know before they cross the street and I
Mean I get that deer in the headlights look but nevertheless at least at least they're aware that they
Dessent like running your way but a cat they'll either scoot across without paying any attention at all or they'll like kind of
Mozy along and like right in front of your car maybe they're daring you maybe it's like an active suicide they got their agenda
Is that what it is so in other words I'm interfering with the agenda I'll keep that in mind next time five six seven
O five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line here's Tamara hello hey Neil yes sir how are you today pretty good
All right this morning headlines on the today program is there's some serial killer out there in a Denver and Utah killing the cat you're about that yeah
We had an on a little longer. Oh I'm sorry I didn't pay attention to thirty five of the forty seven cats have deserved a dollar something like that a lot of pussy dying out there
The second thing is coming I think the line was there's a lot of dead pussy in Denver yes
The second thing is my favorite line is Clementa with with take leave the gun take the clonoli right that's probably one of the best parts of that movie
Absolutely
Take the clonoli anywhere you're the best and I'm out of here I'm heading to South Carolina got to leave Florida I'm packing you all right now
Are you getting out permanent yes sir I got to get out of here well have a great life pal it's you're moving in the right direction all right have a great good luck
Thank you how do you like that there's a guy who's so desperate he's going to South Carolina well if he's going to the coast that ain't so bad
Okay there you go and maybe he's going over there where there was a golf joint there in South Carolina where they have the big golf tournament you're asking me about
Costa oh god no now our gust of death in Georgia when you know it is it pebble no pebble beaches in California what's the place in the South Carolina oh come on
Jesus Christ I think on issue we'd have some real golf experts
We're often in the Hilton head Hilton head that's it really let's go get out they have golf there that's what it's famous for there's a big resort
There what what did you think Hilton head was famous features in expensive places to stay that's what there's a lot there you go I mean pebble beach too I'm sure that there's plenty of
Resorts and beaches and famous stuff but they have a world famous golf court Augusta I can't believe that vulnerable you better brush up on your golf
Mister otherwise you're going to be off the station in a heartbeat
Sorry I told you don't bother me while I'm in here I sir hello it's Mickey Mouse oh
Mr. Mouse good morning how are you what the hell are you doing to me nothing sir you're freaking tell me no
Not I got there but Kelly call me every three minutes why did we move the process sir you told me to move the
bride didn't tell you when you must have misunderstood me no sir you said move the practice to Monday hey hey listen but
wipe on the boss I make the decisions you take the heat right you all move the practice okay how we doing with it anyway
I do man hold on
Remus yeah well shot the hell up I'm on the phone Remus hi there yes sir what was your question I'm telling you I'm going
crazy over here between David Kelly and not Michael Jackson call me every three minutes I'm gonna go out of my
freaking mind hold on
Remus
Can't hear you boss stop it Remus I'm gonna fall off stop the floor Remus
if I'm missing my hand Remus that's your penis balls my other hand Remus
Oh that's a phone ball right I can't hear anything we miss stop slowing the floor
Sorry I think sir sir the moves are working out very well the practice is fourth and it's time slot and
What's time slot crazy are we even beating the WB barely oh my god Michael Jackson thing was a rating success
I quit hold on a second Remus
What's a hell you doing with a high Monica
Remus I'll jam that thing down your throat
Give that blue bird away from me
I'm allergic eyes sir over 25 million people so
Shut up I said listen yeah you see me what I'm doing here
Sir you're on the phone I know I'm on the phone do you see what I'm doing you hear
Imagination for quite a while I'm moving my hands up and down side to side I'm the puppet master I
Said you do it now Fox is gonna air all the stuff that you cut out of a Michael Jackson interview
But sir you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him
I
Revelled yes the animals what the hell you doing now listen to blowball
It's nothing wrong with the floor Remus what's this in my ear that's your penis balls my other ear Remus
That's the phone Remus get out
Get out I sir. Yes, sir. Kill me. Kill me. I'm sorry sir. Kill me. Sorry. Kill me softly
1248 at 560 now. I'm looking at our website now. There's the summer schedule. I
Know this speaking of spelling problems. We got Tuesday day is after the Godfather celebration today, right Monday Monday Tuesday
Wednesday Thursday, so there's a schedule for us starting this coming Monday July 7th through August 22th of
This year and then most importantly of all a must see for today
There is the best in the LCD cover
All right, I can't get over to now who did that for us same guy as um
Sorry, it's all in front the same guy that did the other the Neil on the cloud thing. Yeah, he's great
Thank you very much to whoever you are sir. Thank you. You're the best
The best in the largest
2002 2003 which has got great stuff on including several the Mickey man eyes near things
John Russell. Thank you John and
There I am dancing on Moe's grave and there is Moe's tombstone and his hand reaching up through the ground
And he's and he's saying
It's a beautiful thing. Thanks John
So take a puke and now you can't order that yet, but it says coming soon and it will be as of August 1
560 560 pound 560 on a 18 TNT in Hawaii where Godfather intensive today. I really have been remiss you know it
Because I just love where the hell is it?
Oh
Sarah would have been good in the Godfather
So now that happens to me in my favorite but the love thing
He tastes
And
The soul of the
Did
I was very disturbing to see Al Patino keep wiping his nose after my clusky broke his
nose. He was over there and sissly he always had a snob rag. Huh?
Broke his jaw. Did he have a while? He broke his nose. He had his jaw.
Well, whatever he broke, okay, I'm sure he broke his nose. I thought it was a
shot. Maybe it was all of these things. But at any rate, the point I'm trying to
make with you keep interrupting is that he keeps his got the snob rag and he
keeps like wiping off the sun because he keeps snob all over himself because
of my clusky. Okay, whatever he broke, it still broke. It's a nowhere shut. That's
the place that it's not personal. He's always wired shut. Yeah. Or was it just like
F'd up? It wasn't wired shut. Get out of here. Maybe he needed braces like Donnie
the Wiz kid. 5 6 7 0 5 6. I'll tell you one thing if Donnie didn't need
braces in the beginning of Magnolia, he sure did by the end. Make no mistake
about that. Here's for a lottery. Hello. Hey, how you doing?
Yeah, pretty good sir. It's one thing to say the lines of the
noticing the live them and I agree with you on Mo green. But you got it. Well, I
know you don't do this, but you got to try banging cocktail waitresses through
at a time. Yeah, it's definitely the move, but it's actually better to try it
than actually and make this make and the sauce is fun too. You know what the
new Bushite strategy is to what they do is they you know most cities are
funded by bonds. Yeah. What they're doing is in the cities that have legislators
that they don't like. They don't vote for the right wing agenda. They are not
funding these bonds through their cronies to put pressure on them to vote the way
they want on cultural and insurance issues and things of that nature. So there's
like extortion don't know and the people don't even know that their
legislators are being quote unquote reverse bride. Right. If they don't vote the
way they want them to do they won't give them their power. Not to mention all
the redistricting they're trying to show through like Tom Delay in Texas so that
they can ensure that they have like you know like a monarchy. Why wasn't Tom
the stereotypes. He's put a little Hitler mustache on these perfect. That would
have been good. Thank you. Of course I think most of the people
leave is I think L. Present there. I think a little mustache on him would fit.
Thanks a lot. Have a great day.
I got you out there a little bit with my green. Do you know who I am? I'm
Mo Green. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders. Hey Mo how about
that shoulder? Well at least he felt good on a way out you know I mean who's
going to nice massage. It was relaxed. That's right. 5 6 7 blood. Sorry. It's
the for all thing. 5 6 7 0 5 there ain't no more stars. Okay it'll be
scary in people way. We finally got our act together here. Get that big roll
and stones concert on July 30th here. Sorry. You know they've sold almost the
400,000 tickets already. No. They're saying it could be up to 800,000 people
there for that thing. Grow. AC DC going to be there. Rush. Okay. The stones like I
said. Justin Tinkerbell. I mean nothing's perfect. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60
on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. Now line 9 you just you just know can't you
smell it. I don't see any stars next to it being her boy. Never the less. Here's
Miami. Hello. Hi Uncle Neil. Yes sir. All right first on talking to you I'm not
one of those other jag off. All right so we'll call let's say wow a shocker
line 9. Thank you sir. I tried to call earlier but I couldn't get through but
listen you know who you forgot to put on the list that is a favorite of mine. He's
a minor character with a lot of style. It's Chi Chi. I think the only line he had
was in part two when Frankie fantansily assault drunk and goes what are they drink
and he gets champagne and he goes champagne and then he gets wasted when they
try to snuff out pantanjuli and they run him over. But he's got the sunglasses.
And a little muggle must have. Yeah. I always love cigarettes. Remember we had a lot of
buffers. Yeah we had a lot of buffers. Yeah and then hearings yeah buffers he was
on he was on a witness stand don't you remember that. Oh yeah that's right but I
just thought you know it's a little late at all. Yeah I was a buffer the family had
a lot of buffers. Yeah. All right Uncle Neil the reason I remember it's because
you know how many times I've seen that there movie. But third man. Oh thank you.
And I got to beat believe me. Have a great holiday. All right you too. Five six seven
oh five six to yeah it's a movie that if you see it once you'll keep watching it's
not a movie anymore at that point. Once you've seen that first time all three of course
I'm mandatory. At that point it becomes a part of your life. Am I right? Absolutely.
No question about it. Absolutely correct. So we had him to the list. No. Okay. I mean I
understand what the guy is saying he's talking about himself personal but nobody's
going to vote for him except him. Yeah. He had a nice head and nice little mustache.
Near your own have any. Carlo does have one. That's obviously from some either woman
hating guy out there or somebody who just lying to the whole S&M thing you know. Clean it up.
He's just beating the crap out of her. She was hiding in the toilet and he's just beating
the stonker. And then when he gets the phone call when Santino gets the phone call you
notice how he he bites his bite his hand. Yeah he bites the side of his index finger.
That's right. Kyle. Yeah. Ice gone sunny. James Conn another one of our unsung heroes.
He's a lot better than people given credit for being. Absolutely. Once Kathy Bates got
a hold of me wasn't ever the same again. In fact I think it's debatable as to whether
he was in worship after the episode on the causeway or after Kathy Bates finished with
the kneecaps. I six seven oh five sixty. There's a message for you Carlos. Don't be getting
all these groupies out there going to be because not your celebrity. We'll be grabbing
and groping you just because you're on a radio. Watch out for Kathy Bates. Too late. I hear
a twin sister hangs out at the Amarlin Games. 1257. We got the big one and two hour coming
up and then I'm telling you this this is like a countdown. It's like a New Year's Eve
all over again for some of us. Plus you got tomorrow off right right so the appearance
until the treasure island six to eight. How can we don't have promos for that? I guess you'll
promote no you won't how can we should be promoting it today you long head because Miguel
didn't give us a and again you're a long head we should be promoted today although
being a boy can promote it all will be anybody listening say yeah yeah. Six to eight we
got a special Friday night edition of Treasure Island in our with George and whoever else
shows up. Book of Brian. Book of Brian will be there and Miguel may be there with his
lovely girlfriend. She key. Don't be too. She. Mo green right or maybe maybe some other
more my show up. Absolutely. And you called dial amatriciate at one eight hundred
mattress what are you waiting for if you want the best brands of discount prices every
day without any hassles of show room shopping then do what I always do the smart thing.
Don't be like Fredo be in stupid be smart call one eight hundred MATTRES right now. The
people of dial amatric have delivered down to a science you get to choose the date and
time to fit your schedule any to our window that's convenient for you so they have to sit
around on your ass killing a whole day and don't forget dial amatric delivers evenings
weekends holidays even the fourth of July whenever it's most convenient for you maybe
you're one of those people thinking about those Swedish foam mattresses that you see
in a specialty stores. Well good news for you dial amatriciate is tempered
as well plus all the big brand names like SIRTA Simmons King Coral and Sealy at unbeatable
discount every day prices. So I have the biggest mattress store in the country just a phone
call away you never have to leave the house. Our good friend the lovely Miguel who just
the screwing up real bad today recently called one eight hundred mattress got him in his
lovely girlfriend a new mattress from the folks at the auto mattress nothing that have
been easier just like I always tell you they showed up right on time they set up the beautiful
new mattress took away the heavily soiled old mattress and the did a stupendous job for
him. So don't wait another minute if you want to guarantee yourself a great night's sleep
for years and eons to come pick up that phone right now and dial one eight hundred mattress
that's all it takes one eight hundred m.a.t.t. r.a.s. for dollar mattress or check them out
on the web at mattress like he said dot com
we're sports radio 5.6.
UAM
Hi this is Dwayne Stahl for Black Teeth and you're listening to the 2 to 1 hour.
Hey Ferrell by the way so I've been given it some thoughts.
How many think it is I know that me and you can do much better go with 6 to 10 and
on in 5 a gentile in the cranky I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind you got to have your weary bed stress on to time
no chance I'll do a show with you I'd rather die we'd be crappy together.
Why I'll help you know that I'm a big baffin Jew and Brooklyn Heights.
I've been waiting for everybody but you you're not my type.
Me and Moe this that would blow no way that if we had a fight that you'd survive
who'd wanna hear a gentile and push it like that's crappy together.
And show what you would mean for me is much better 6 to 10 not 5 it's only right that I should get more sleep at night.
I think we might be happy to get there.
All the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time.
Absolutely.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T line who's your favorite character from the Godfather 3 movies.
Look at that Michael is moving into a pretty good lead 98 Don Corleone has got 89 never saw the Godfather 72 14.6% you believe that?
I guess what?
Santino sorry 47 Clamenza 35 look a Broughtsey 33 Tom Hagen 31 Moe green 24 Frankie Pantangely 15 Fredo 13 Hyman Roth 11 and it rest nobody cares about the rest.
Because Jack Walts is still we got five votes not seeing the Godfather is like not having eaten steak.
Well it's like a step away from not having breath fresh air not having had sex right not having heard the more how we did it at show.
Here's Miami hello.
I thought maybe that might go somewhere you know like maybe you know what the hell was that told music.
That was hold music yeah I thought maybe we were somebody like planted that we were on hold.
Yeah that was that person does they call they put you on hold and we never we never usually get that kind of entertainment though.
Not a snappy tune like that. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and 10 for ice line lots of open lines this hour all of a sudden.
I think we're alone now like Tommy James would say here's for a lottery. Hello.
Danielle yes sir being a Altecocca in the prostate challenge capital of the world.
So I doesn't have the number one quote have to be I give 4 million just to be able to take a piss with either.
Yeah that was good. Yeah yeah I have the book in front of me I just could you enjoy it you know.
I thought I seen the guy thought it so many times what are the only 5 characters that appear in all 3 movies played by the same actors and.
To other act to other characters that are played by different actors would you enjoy what did they have for breakfast this morning.
Michael Michael is one of them right. Okay. K is number 2 number 2.
The county is number 3 right there's 2 more actors that were all 3 played by the same actors.
Frato is number 3 no 4 no what do you mean no. Frato is not in the other 3.
Like I said the Frato is not in there Rocco no he was killed in 2 that's right.
Clemensa no not in 3.
I haven't got a clue. One tough one DC Al Nere played by Richard Brad.
One nearer yeah right. And Teresa Hagen played by Terry Livornio.
Yeah but do we do we ever see her in and got her to believe it or not little glasses.
I mean I know we saw her at the wedding and got father one. Yeah no she's in 2 and 3.
I'll be damned. I never noticed everything. The other 2 are of course dancing.
No no you you know you should notice her and got father 3 because because is it.
Michael says I wish I wish her father could be here to see him or whatever it was.
The other 2 are the other 2 of course there's Anthony Crowley on an old 3 played by different characters played by 3 different actors.
Right. That's it happy to like with and back to you.
Yeah he got us on that one I never would have known that in a million years.
It's good to held it gun in my head and forced me to listen to moe for 20 hours.
5 6 7 0 5 60 I'll take that instead.
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a lady I think it's our first lady of the day. How do you like that?
We've been really past over. Lady and Lake Worth. Hello.
Hi Neil. How are you?
I am wonderful. I need to tell you the first of all I need to profess my love to you.
I think you are awesome.
I have to have the high even access to the 603 on my refrigerator.
Oh my god.
I know it was a little hard.
It's a little hard so I can just like slip it back and forth and check it out.
I think you're great.
You have an excellent perfect humor. Very intelligent.
Yes I do.
Yes you do.
I totally appreciate you for the width and the humor and the entertainment.
Well that was really nice.
I was having a bad couple of days here. I was fired over the phone.
I'm sorry.
Off the clock on my own home at home.
I took you on today and both immediately shared the app.
You saw a really good movie today.
Thank you for that.
Thank you for what you're doing for the pet rescue.
Right.
And I think you're really, really wonderful.
And I have one other negative comment.
I did read the new Times article with Scott for all of the city.
I did a attempt to listen to him one time.
I immediately set it off.
I'd rather listen to Gelby's little screechy voice.
Yeah.
Then an obnoxious Scott for all.
Well he can't bad a thousand you know what I'm saying?
I love you.
You are the best.
Good luck sweetheart.
Have a great holiday.
Thank you.
Bye.
Well she don't like Scott.
I'm sure that there's some women especially.
I think all the men like Scott a lot.
But there could be some women.
Huh?
Much to his chagrin.
Right.
He'd rather have the women.
Well yeah, he's, look, he's doing okay.
He's not missing any days.
Believe me.
Five, six, six, eight, not missing any hours.
Except maybe those he's working.
See, that's another good reason he should only be on eight to ten.
He's busy.
He's very busy.
Michael 101, Don Coyleon A93.
He never saw the Godfather 14.5% 74.
Get with it.
I hope every one of these video stores all over town, especially a Best Buy.
I still am.
I'm glad that I was there for that one week when we're in the middle of all the movie talk.
Best Buy's got an excellent selection.
Yes, they do.
And you don't have to find somebody to climb up on the ceiling to get it for.
You don't have to wait for an hour to pick out your, you know, DVD.
Right.
Ooh.
Can't, can't think just maybe they could get like insurance coverage and they could let us climb the ladders.
What do you think?
Right.
Well, it's just badly.
If they let the customer climb the ladder and then maybe if you go in there with somebody else,
you hand them the carton at whatever you want is in there, then you don't have to wait for like three hours to wait it on.
And stand there very obediently like a school child at the counter.
Stand right over there by the counter and will somebody will be with you.
Right.
It's hit or miss.
Sometimes you can get in and out even when you need something off the high, high shelf.
Yeah.
Off the Jeff Hiner.
You heard the other times.
How's Jeff Hiner doing, by the way, haven't seen him lately?
No, not lately.
He did come in when I was down there, but haven't seen or heard from him here.
Oh, right.
Hi, how are you?
Oh, oh, oh, God.
There's so many reasons I enjoy being here and that's one of them.
12 minutes after one at 560 WQM.
Let me tell you, I celebrated 27 years on the Air and Miami this past March.
In this year is the 25th anniversary for Brandy Shoes.
Any little family shoestor that grows the way they do in six around that long has got to have been doing a lot of things right by their customers and your feet.
And one of the things they do is offer you the best shoes in the business.
Rock ports, echoes, Mephisto, Timberland, Clarks, S.A.S. Floreshawm, and lots more all the top names in the business.
And no matter how gigantic or tiny your feet may be, they can give you a perfect fit.
They got man size of 6 to 15.
They can even fit Tom Wally even when it's swelling in his foot too.
Women's 5 to 12 and went from the very, very narrow to the very big wide and fat.
I bet you, Janorino's got big fat ones and feet too.
And don't forget the professional sales staff.
If they know your feet just by the aroma and they'll make sure you get a perfect fit every time.
That's Brandy Shoes, the perfect place for your feet, 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach through open every day.
Daily 9 to 9 Sundays 10 to 5.
And all this week at Brandy's shoes from a select group of women's naturalizer sandals for only 3490 and men's rigorous boat shoes only 3990.
Stop in or you can visit my website brandy's shoes.com.
And my name is Moral.
This is sports 20 or 5-6.
Q-A-M.
It's day!
This is Miami Town.
Here's your prepared.
At 5-6-0 W-Q-A-M.
The other day that he's in jail.
Tyson's in for the night he went nuts again.
You know that so often we seem to fail.
This man they drive.
The six didn't buy all of the feedings.
They've taken their toll.
There's one thing to do.
The six he lost control.
Put him away.
All the figure that it won't be long before my Tyson's feet find the bars for real on stay.
$1.17.560 W-Q-A-M.
I just mentioned in passing bad unemployment news for the USA up to 6.4% this morning.
How do you like that?
Nine-year high, something like that.
It's a high market.
Market already closed at 1 o'clock for the holidays but not too good.
The Dow was down.
How much was it down?
They keep changing that damn thing.
I hate seeing it.
I never was down 73 points like I said you were taking.
The NASDAQ was down about 15.5%.
Unemployment 6.4% but you see if you just hang on and wait for that trickle down to start trickling.
Just like under Reagan before we had a gigantic depression.
Wait till the trickle's down.
Here's a call from Bokeh.
Bokeh.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yeah, Neil.
How about Salazzo?
The job.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
I'm making it up.
ires, let me worry
about Luka.
That guy really
All the guy that stabbed me in the hand.
All the guy terrible than anything.
one of those goons with another really nifty hat yeah five six seven oh five
six to taglias goons here I was Barzini all along oh sorry so you get it right
up until this up until this day here's North Miami Beach with a star hello North
Miami Beach I'm not gonna press my luck you know I'm saying right Hollywood
hello Neil yes sir I got questions uh sickler scene and the godfather at the
beginning of Connie's wedding when Luca Brock threw his out in the tariff
fair and Tom Hapen was receiving death in the dawn study and told
after told this to hunt that he's a lucifer he wanted to see the dawn and
uh uh uh uh uh uh uh rando said wow this is necessary is this really necessary uh
yeah why is that why didn't he want to see him because he wanted to go out and get
involved with his daughter's wedding he was a good-in-patient because he had
always asked for he had all these assholes live that that wasn't personal it
was his business you know I mean I have a great day palsy and am I right about
that and uh Luca's just a soldier I mean why you waste my time you're just a soldier
get that you know you're taking a spurry first right I would agree five six seven
oh five sixty he there's just something about James Conway he starts doing
that thing out of the corner of his mouth what was the movie I was just telling
he was in nice stuff is right oh no not misery the other one that I told you
where he started talking about the way of the gun oh that's right you haven't seen
it yet I haven't seen it yet it's good pretty violent though I don't know if you
can hear well you know no that's really very good
that's actually had yesterday about what's his name Ren de la Cavadier
whatever the hell that kid's name is what's his name who the French kid that
acts in there come on beater boy let's go
right Philippe Ryan Philippe Philippe Philippe
I think we're gonna have dead air from tentative tomorrow I think
computer boy is gonna be just laid out or just laid I think you need to go to
the same opium portal that Bob the mirror was having such a good time and
once upon a time and Maria get a little pipe action
water pipe sir WDQ I am
hey I talked to you speaking yeah yeah hey what happened there was
Luca when the godfather said you know I really have to see him
right it was in the book as I'm just trying to read the book right now
the book is the book is great I read that way before I saw the movie I've
always seen it one time the movie one time it's amazing how vivid the scene of that
movie stuck within my head now that I read the book
but he says at the beginning when he talks about Luca that the godfather
doesn't necessarily fear Luca but he makes him very uneasy
uh-huh and that's why he was getting like a little shaky like I really have to
see Luca I mean all these things are very very very scary guy
right so he just made him a little uneasy that's the one thing I know the
wild but you mentioned you know what should you be doing with the
bedtime stories on the website please leave them on oh we were
just it's just I can't even tell you if you want to follow my
have with it there's so many of them I need like you know a day and a half
you get through the website because you know I get some a little slow but I
just love having it and you do such a great job and I really thank you for it
okay have a good holiday pal you too Max thanks okay there you go there's a
guy that appreciates the massive efforts and the bedtime stories will
continue all the way through the summer by the way
beena boy is taking personal responsibility on the days that I'm not working
keep that in mind beena boy as in starting tomorrow
you got it and I hope is he is he is in his
bad-asshape as he sounds this week he's been really comatose
of course he has been busy I beg your pardon he's been busy doing what
bedtime stories things like that I see excellent after all a little distance
away to get some of that stuff sometimes got the schedule on air for the
summer and he's got the cover or our CD right above dancing dwarf Moe I'll
tell you if you're really bored to that just click on it where we got dancing
dwarf Moe and just sit there and stare it'll keep you occupied
for hours make no mistake what are you gonna do nice college boy yeah
they want to get mixed up in the family business now you want to go down a
police cap and one because he slapped you in a face a little bit
huh what do you think this is the army where you shoot him a mile away
you're gonna get a post like this the thing your blood it brains all over your
nice time relief suit come in you're taking a spare your purse
he is too good to be treated great 26 after one at five sixty I'll tell you
else is great chuck Alfie Erie Charlie's been helping guys with their bald spot
problems for over 35 years now and sooner later to most of us it happens God
sticks his little finger in the ear and scratches you on a head and your
hair starts falling out in clumps it's bad news
leaves you with that big shiny bright spot that most guys don't want and you can
do all kinds of things there got to be about five thousand different ways of
filling in that bald spot and there's only one that really looks good like
it's the real thing the natural hairline system the most amazing hair
system ever invented which is why even the guys with the big bucks go to
Charles Alfie Erie and right now Charlie's offering you his summer special
hair system only five hundred forty nine bucks for first-time customers if
you already have a hair system a piece you can say 50% on service and
repair and all types of air systems including shampoo and trim can you
imagine how neat he could make most muskrat look nifty
Charlie's got a guarantee for you too you have nothing to lose but the bald spot
because if you try his hair system for 30 days and all of the way it looks and
feels and smells if you're not getting action like round the clock then return
it for a full refund Charlie is really the benchmark of the hair industry
don't delay get your life turned around forever and look better and younger than
the ever dreamed you could again call one eight hundred three two one twenty four
thirteen that's one eight hundred three two one twenty four thirteen and give
back a great looking full head of hair or check them out of the web at
Charles Alfie Erie dot com
mine and local
here's for 20560
you a
two a m
terrible he was young he was innocent
he was the greatest piece of ass either bad or not had him all over the world finally
there's a tv channel for rednecks well besides TNN
it's the WT wide crash television
tonight at eight joins your fox worthy as he fits two teens of good old boys
against one another can see it if you keep their hand in the box with the box
head on for factor and tonight at nine
your fox worthy will fit two teams of shape free mechanics again one another to see
who's first to put together a running vehicle from parts of a tour of cars and
Jeff's front yard all along raking lots of air on
dirt yard wars then it's in if you love them hot robots and we know you do
be here when your host Jeff Fox worthy fits two teams of in-bred retard using
cattle pros to make blindfolded cows run into one another
on the premier episode of cattle box all that plus classic reruns of the Jeff
Fox really show tonight on the WT
what trash television 131 get a 90 share easy here's a
whole bunch of facts is Keith and Bokas says you're killing me got a question for
you guys in the godfather during the wedding scene
some guy throws two or three sandwiches to that kid Polly when he throws
to me else something what that was he saying
I think he's talking about Clements away to a Polly more wine
yeah right that's the only thing I can think of right it's big fat Clements
a Polly more wine that's the only time I can remember
also Greg and Miami lakes asks well before we get to that one
here's one that says from Robin Pompato Beach I can't remember the name of the
think tanker with web address you mentioned truth three months ago
it was right wing in content putting it very mildly and mentioned the
West needing a small war for some BS reasons could you mention the
think tank statement web address I needed desperately for ammunition against my
right wing Christian brother thank you very much I think he's talking about
P-NAC project for the new American century I think so I think so PNAC
just just to research PNAC and you'll find they actually have their own website
which is kind of scary when you read their own crab and then you can read about them too
my people will expose them for the bunch of lunatics that they are including our governor
Jeb Bush and our president and a bunch of other grand uh
Greg and Miami lakes why is Michael Corleone so special I saw God Father one in two twice
I thought Michael was kind of boring please explain the fascination for this character
well I mean compared to a Santino we certainly boring and compared to Don Corleone
and compared to a Joey Zaza he doesn't make a Bella Figura like Joey Zaza right right
now he's he's low key I don't know the word certainly isn't boring but he is low key he's
endearing because uh like he's the the war hero the common man can relate to him he's not so much
of a Guido yeah he's the war hero came back and just inherited the family business when the old
man got sick and he just kind of like fell into what would that hold right this one pop was in a hospital
with the assassination attempt and he's the father right and then he got smacked in a mouth by
uh McCloskey right he's quick he's quick and then they had that little acclaimed then nice the
dinner at Louise in the Bronx which there is a Louise in the Bronx by the way we've already been
through that let's be on the city so there you go Greg and my me lakes you're right he's a little
bit low key but I don't think boring is the right word so and if you didn't like him that's okay
although he is winning the pool which I would not agree with that Michael 107 in fact I would think
that Don Corleone and Santino both got him beat easy oh yeah right yeah but he was in all three
movies again and keep in mind based on that other guy that called before there's only five people
that were in all three of them Michael 107 your favorite character from the three guy for other movies
uh Don Corleone 100 never saw the godfather 79 of you 14.3% 79 of the people in the pool
Santino sunny 59 he should do better than that Clemens of 39 Luca Bratsi 37
Tom Hagen 34 Mo green 26 Fredo 16 Frankie pentanza see the people who liked Fredo the best they
probably can relate to him well this smart yeah not smart not dumb they're smart Fredo 16 Frankie
pentazoli 15 Hyman Roth at 12 oh check walthus up to six Sophia five McCloskey three Vincent
three Connie three Tessio's got three Solazzo two Carl a Carlo one and near you don't have any
although he does eat a mean box of chocolates I was a bit of a thought it would have been
Clemens now it's the smart move Tessio was always the smarter one that that was another good scene
where they're sitting there at the funeral right and Michael is sitting there and Tom Hagen comes over
after after Tessio comes over and arranges the meeting five six seven oh five sixty
pie on five sixty on a 18 T and four eyes and mark oh what am I doing that for we're doing
scrimas right right I'm in coherent WQA and hello hello yes sir
okay good one thank you have a nice time howdy WQA and hello
Neil yes how's it going good hey happy fourth of July and back to you yeah just wanted to say
will you please admit to me that my monkey's are cute oh see there's another one of our chronicles
that we do not want to speak to we don't want to know anything about you we don't want to hear
from you we don't want letters we don't want phone calls we want you to go away there's nothing
cute about you your monkeys your brain your mouth your ass we want you to go far away okay you're
an imbecile WQA am hello okay Neil yes sir how you doing good I hate all these chronic a holes
with their cheesy whatever but you brought something up before that you only called the tale of
you said there's some kind of a concert going on in Toronto and Russia and the Rolling Stones and
all that can you please inform me on that July 30th okay and it's let's see it's 2150
Canadian 16 bucks U.S. I think if you called I don't know how far I mean I know there's
some in the U.S. but I don't know how far if you call ticket master they could probably tell you
where you'd have to call or do whatever to get them do you know the name of the event
the look it up what's what's going on oh geez I mean how many how many concerts would they
have July 30th in July it's the SARS benefit I don't know if that's the actual name of it
I know you're not a big rush fan but that's the reason I want to go see you my love them right
but thanks for thanks for the heads up on that and once again Neil you're awesome I'll see at the
border love you baby okay see you have a great holiday okay there's a guy coming up there's a lot
of people coming up from the states and elsewhere for that concert July 30th here in Toronto
I know George and the Beenerbor both be up for that right I'm up right now five six seven
oh five sixty stones they just turned uh 90 now hey listen they still draw I don't care what
anybody says they still like gigantic humongous draw cartoons no kind of like you know
port graffiti graffiti five six seven oh five sixty it's a screenless last half hour and then of
course tomorrow is the fourth of July everybody's gonna be off and then we start our summer schedule
to which we say oh yeah and George is relieved too because he had somebody trying to undermine him a
little bit yeah Carlos yeah somebody was trying to like sneak in there a little bit and you know
no more power to look at it not not more power to him he needs he needs to just calm down a little bit
take it a little bit slower we love him he's greatest sensational he's the Marlon man he's
take you can't take on the whole world all at once follow him saying no what do you say I don't
know nobody QAM hello hello yes sir is this Neil speaking hey Neil you and I we've got the same
I like silence of the land I like the godfather go check out the the streets gangs of New York
the streets gangs of New York yeah with the caprio would we own the caprio no I don't think so
no five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty then we just go through that two days ago about
who would I would never ever there is no chance I wouldn't care if you told me it was the
greatest film in the history of the human race if Leo is in it I wouldn't be caught dead watching it
WQAM hello yeah like to speak to Neil speaking hey Neil how you doing good how are you hey so what about
that's a real guy in the morning how does he look there how does he look to me ugly he's a
lovely guy is a big ugly guy but he's a panic how does he why do you want to date with him yeah
I want to talk to him what did he say he wants to talk to him too that was the for all guy that's
called for time and no kidding come on George I may be in coherent but I'm not stupid okay there's
a difference in coherent is one thing stupid that's another one do a lot of magic mushrooms you
coherent but that doesn't necessarily make you stupid five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line he's a big in fact you do we still have this picture on
our website yeah well yeah you say yeah look I mean I don't know because we've had so much
other stuff in that area in that part of it we got dancing Mo and swinging Mo and squirrely Mo and
Mo's out of clown and dancing dwarf Mo and then there's me homo
all kinds of stuff oh and then let me also mention this don't forget about the hot couples
contest and we got gildy and gildy and Mo and clearance in the beast and Mo raping yours truly
oh and there it is a very small picture for well that's why I'm out of sight out of mind you know
smaller than the you know we put it up to really big it's smaller than the original one anyway we
still have the pictures of Aaron and Amy on there for you really desperate folks just to keep
taking a look at both of them that'll do it for you and we need to get a lot more of these entries
I should mention is because it is the dog days of summer now and the contest officially starts a
week oh that's right you got all week next week and so do I right what am I thinking about I was
thinking that started this coming Monday it's a week from Monday so don't waste your time doing that
okay thank you no because we've only got what we got just the one or two right what are two
for a hot couples contest number four our fourth and final for this year 20 till two at five
sixty wdqm it's a neo-rodgers fourth of july blowout sale from our good close personal buddies
Tom Lamin and Joe Prieto and hella Pontiac GMC going on as I speak a whole bunch of great deals
going on waiting for it the gildy oh number one gets 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003
Pontiac or GMC in stock the gildy oh number two get up to a four thousand dollar rebate on every
2003 GMC and Pontiac in stock all you current and former military personnel gets yourself an
additional $750 rebate from your friends at hell right now just for the heck of it neo-dial
number three at least the new two thousand four grand pre gt one for as little as two hundred
eighty nine bucks a month it's a thirty six month lease the good folks at hell it will give you
all the details and neo-dial number four last but not least get an additional five hundred bucks
off some of the most popular GMC models including the on-boy you con and denali now through this
coming July fourth weekend plus a GMC toolkit while supplies last also now at hell you can test
out a vehicle for 24 hours you can take it home take it to work take it to the racetrack anywhere
you like and have a great time with it hallowed Pontiac GMC in the same great spot they've been
making phenomenal deals and treating you great for 35 plus years one thirty four oh one
south fixie highway that's on us one across from the falls open every day seven days a week
for more info on those neo-dial's called our hotline tool free at one triple eight five three four
forty two eleven one triple eight five three four four two one one don't forget all these neo-dials
always something to credit approval see the good folks in hell afford details you'll agree with me
when you do your car shopping there that at hell at Pontiac GMC they definitely are professional grade
my my and look all this is four three oh five six
break eight you
oh
kehading
Oh you're back.
There's much better.
Hahahaha, very good...
...for me to take home.
Am
Am
I determined a beacon of fire
And I am burnt
There are so many different things.
If we don't know the way,
da, daa, da, da, sweet,
yeah,
yeah,
otted
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No!
Johnny Ponte will never get that movie.
I don't care how many take-o, get-o, what?
Greece, both, Gumbos. Come out on a woodwork.
I'm German Irish.
Let me tell you something, my croc, McFriend.
I'm going to make so much dough for you.
You'll know what it is.
The walls come the lawyer.
I have not threatened.
I know almost every big lawyer in New York.
Who the hell are you?
Exactly.
12 minutes till 2 at 5.60, QAM.
Who the hell are you?
Aren't you excited the way this countdown is going today?
Yeah, sure.
You don't sound as excited as I am.
Yeah, I wonder why.
Maybe it's the paycheck.
Oh.
WQAM, hello.
I'll be damned.
That is a real shot in the post.
You know, I'm just damned it.
WQAM.
Can I speak to Neil?
Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I got some news for you.
You know that new government will do not call list?
Yes.
That they're proposing out there.
Right.
You know in order for you to apply your telephone,
then we have to enter an email address.
Right.
You know what the government is doing with your email address?
It's telling you to enter a net marketing company.
So they can know that instead of spamming on a telephone,
they can spam your email address.
Maybe they can also sell it to the RIA,
so they can check out, make sure you're not downloading
and sharing files with music.
Well, they're also doing it.
You know how much a list can go for?
Like people pay like $1,000 a list.
Right.
For $1,000 a list for about half a million a names.
And their proposal is to get about $67,000,000 email addresses.
Mm-hmm.
And you forgot another mode.
Yeah.
For Florida.
More important thing.
I love you, Neil.
Oh, here's you.
Wow.
$567.0560, $560, $808.00 and Verizon Line.
By the way, you didn't get a chance to rip Bell South today.
Bell South sucks like the vacuum of space.
George, had another great Bell South experience.
I'm saving that for Monday.
Yeah, save that for a Monday for your own show.
And your nomination of my Bell South experience.
Don't waste my time with your personal frustrations
of my close personal friends like Spurious Canton
and all those assholes at the Bell South.
They should all rot.
I agree.
They hate me like poison anyway.
So what they'll know?
In fact, people will wonder,
well, how come you don't have a Bell South line like you used it?
Because they hate me.
Because there are a bunch of religious nuts that run out company.
Untrained chips working at Bell South.
And they should only rot.
And that's an insult to chips.
Precious on passions is going to be insulted
and take that personal.
How about you, QA, and hello?
Hello.
Yes.
How are you?
Good. How are you?
I'm great.
Johnny Ola.
Johnny Ola was good.
How could we forget Johnny Ola?
And a piece of fruit from my aunt.
And Superman, right?
And also, I think Sophia Coppler was in all three as the little girl.
Whenever, at whatever age she was in, if I remember correctly.
And you're right.
She was the infant in the baptism scene in number one.
Mm-hmm.
She was in all three.
But what was she in number two?
She was the little girl.
She was in there when K had a say goodbye.
Right. Right.
And that was her.
You're absolutely correct.
You're right.
I had a weird, difficult time on the pole.
I was going for a Clement.
I voted for Clementa.
But I love Hymen Law.
What bigger than U.S. Steel?
Right.
Love him.
And I think also that Danny I.L.O. was one of Salazzo's...
Coons?
Goons. Yeah.
In the-in the Garrard-in-C.
Danny I.L.O. was in that movie?
I think he was.
And he was nobody.
He was just one of the goons.
But in-
Well, he asked me.
He's still nobody if he asked me.
I can't-I can't handle it.
I don't know what it is, but there's something about him.
I think it's lack of personality.
Like a somebody.
He's just-
He's not me in a lot of movies.
Yeah.
It can't be.
Have a great holiday.
Thank you too.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
151 Johnny Ola.
I'm Superman.
How could we forget that?
Oh, yeah.
Johnny used to take me there all the time.
Uh-oh.
That's right.
Old man wrote-
I've never-
Old man wrote to one of these places.
But Johnny knows him like the back of his head.
Right.
Uh-oh.
That's it.
His eyes were spinning like a-
To the machine.
152 at 560 WQM.
I hate by now you've been here to talk on this program about laminets
R.S.
And how laminated wood flooring from laminets R.S. is the easy low maintenance alternative
to natural wood flooring.
You've been here in that.
Absolutely correct.
Laminets R.S. is the best place for you to find laminated wood flooring from
Peridora.
Pergo Wilson Art Unifluor and Quickstep.
The top names in the business.
They've got all the top names all installed by Pergo certified installers.
And here's another good reason why you have to be calling laminets R.S.
Their prices will positively flooring.
Right now you can get their summer special for just 1995 bucks.
That's right.
Only 1995 bucks for up to 380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring.
Positively astonishing.
And laminets R.S. will match any legitimate written off for two.
For a free and home estimate with no obligation call laminets R.S.
Toll-free.
1-877-773336.
What could be easier?
They give you free carpet disposal, free furniture moving.
A 25 year warranty and years and eons of beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring.
Call laminets R.S. today and please tell the Neal 40 to call toll-free.
1-877-773336.
My!
And local!
This is 430560.
You ain't way, you ain't.
But yeah, whatever.
Let's talk about DNA.
I'm already today.
I want to give me some goose.
Yeah, but we come that way.
I woke up with King Dong this morning, man.
Dude, I was pitching a pump tank.
No, I mean, your lady were doing a pretzel jetsle position last night.
You know that one.
What's your favorite position, Beast?
I don't have a real sport all the other.
Hey, all them delinquent-skat-million dollar contracts to play B-Boy by an escalates with gold spinner wheels.
I hope they all flip upside down on each other in a giant pile-up and fall over a cliff and die!
Wooah!
Wooah!
Wooah!
Well, hello, Skull.
Hi, Greg.
Well, where's that bokeh-bying get off comparing me to Jack Benny all the time?
Did I just don't get it?
And how was your statement to talk to me about?
No, it weren't some of my meat.
No, no thank you.
You're now looking.
Why?
Could you just calm down?
I need wear a sport station after all.
You're not supposed to be exciting.
Yeah, I mean what you're talking about.
It borders on astronomy.
And kids should just return to the sanctity of mold.
I'm gonna kick you out.
Now cut that out.
Are you eating my leg?
Oh, you out.
Who you stopped the bow?
I-
Wooah!
Everybody want this tie?
Absolutely.
156 is 560 WQA-N.
See, I think some people in the audience are confused.
Well, I mean, that's an understanding.
You know, I mean a little bit confused because we like to keep them off guard.
We're famous for that, QA.
And we keep everybody, like, you know, who's on first?
Like yesterday, given the wrong starting time for the Marlon game last night.
That's really embarrassing.
I don't know if there's nobody respite about that.
Nobody within the building.
I mean, Beth looked at the schedule.
Oh, yeah, you're right.
And he kind of like walked out with his head hanging out and was asked.
Even though he didn't do it.
He knew it was clearance.
But, you know, whatever clearance I mean, if clearance gets raped by the beast, that feels it.
You know what I mean?
That's how tight those two are.
The fronter from the...
Back them!
Well, that's why he just went for that screen cleaning.
Anyway, here's the result of the pull before I get back to this fact.
Oh, and I love the condolese facts.
That's a beautiful thing.
Yeah.
Thank you for whoever created first and said that.
We just love condolese.
Not.
Anyway, we asked that our pull today.
And please be sure to look at our pull because if you're confused about the schedule, it's
right on there.
Being avoided as usual, stellar job.
Not only are you getting that on there.
I'm getting the summer schedule, but also getting the cover for a vest and LCD, which comes out in August.
That's a beautiful thing.
Hey, Mo!
I'm dancing on your grave, sweetheart.
I can't wait.
And you're supposed to play.
I'm listening.
Oh, that's...
He's way across the room.
Oh, and I'm just...
I'm listening.
That could be the all-time best.
Absolutely.
Oh, even better.
Well, I'm not sure.
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime.
All the time.
They're all pretty damn good.
Keep them coming, Mo.
Okay, who's your favorite character from the three Godfather movies?
Michael Coyleone, 116.
Even other one guy thinks he's boring.
And he's a little low-key.
He's not as exciting as Don Coyleone.
He's got 107.
Never saw the Godfather 84, 14.2%.
Let's see how many votes we got.
589, almost 600.
And we got over 14% never seen it.
Which I guess is good because if everybody would have seen it, then what...
What are we accomplishing?
It's like preaching to the choir.
But here we can buy all of this hysterical and enthusiastic talk.
We can encourage a bunch of other people to see it.
Santino, Sonny's got 66.
Clemence of 43.
Luca Bratzi of 37.
Tom Hagen, Reston P.35.
Moe Green 28.
Frankie Pentangeli 17.
Fredo 16.
Hyman Roth 12.
Jack Waltsk is got 7.
Sophia 5.
Captain McCluskey 3.
Vincent 3.
Connie 3.
Tessio 3.
Salazzo 2.
Carlos got 1.
And now Neary's got 1.
Everybody's got at least 1.
Oh!
I felt so bad for Neary, you know.
Because we all appreciated the job.
It did with the Archbishop.
Right.
Now Greg and Miami Lates says,
I almost forgot to have a great summer vacation when you return.
I'd like to do the highlights of your vacation.
Making it sound as though like this is my last show to Lea of the summer,
which I only wish from Earmoth to Greg's ears, Greg, another Greg.
But no.
I'll be on Tuesday and on Thursday.
All through the summer, Georgia's doing Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
Tomorrow, of course, is a holiday.
So, Beenerboy's going to be playing a bunch of bits and crap and stuff.
And probably farting, and stuff like that in between.
And if he heard from him, it'll be the real thing.
So, I have a great July 4th holiday.
And Beenerboy tomorrow, Georgia will see you on Monday.
And I'll see you on Tuesday.
Bye.
And all I can say is,
All right.
Bye, bye, bye.
Send me the Roger Show.
I'm flying to the U.K.A. and the Miami 4th.
Are you threatening me?
Are you threatening me?
Are you threatening me?
