I can't let you queue bastard.
Special dedicate to the blonde bitches in the honey game's best side.
I had a nickname pay.
One day she flew away.
To Tio on a weather moon is blue.
Love oh is blue.
But with our right wing censorship,
there are words that mustn't slip.
To truly tell you how I feel for care.
That's it for me.
So...
If you see K in Tijuana,
I'll see you with Tio on a two.
Now if you see K tell her I'm a Surrey State.
And the SEC won't let me sing this.
So I'm my rose today.
Now if you see K take her hand gently say
that after this transmission I'll be out in 90 days old.
If you see K in Tijuana,
that's how I'll see you with Tio on a two.
But gotta see you with Tio on a two.
Oh!
When we say again for the umpteenth time,
there's nothing wrong in soft Florida
that a people transplant wouldn't cure.
Line up those buses baby.
That's what we need.
Beautiful palm trees, beautiful weather,
especially right now.
Beautiful beaches.
Speaking of beaches.
Seriously, if I would have had a hockey stick
a baseball bat I would have done serious physical damage
to that bitch in row three section 102 last night.
And the guy sitting behind me was
a little kid was kicking me for two and a half periods.
Kicking me in the back.
So you should have taken that little mini-pipe.
Kicking it back on my seat.
This is a place where you see it's the goal of the people who live here.
Now I understand what goes on on this show a lot of times.
It's their goal to make sure that you don't enjoy it.
Not just the old people. I've always said they want you to be as miserable as they are.
Misery loves company.
No, it's most of the people.
I'd say 70% of the people who are here.
Maybe they're bitter because they're stuck here.
Which I can understand that.
So they want us to be as miserable as they are.
And they're going to do everything in their power to make sure
whether it's at a sporting event, whether it's out there trying to drive from point
eight to point B on the roads in a highway.
That you cannot enjoy your life.
That they make you as unhappy as possible.
That was damn good game-wise.
And I started out pretty comatose, but the third period in the overtime
damn entertaining game. I wish I had to seem a lot more of it.
I mean I was there.
And I want to say this before I started on a blonde bitch in a guy with a little kid
that was kicking the back of my seat for two and a half periods.
You people who are supposedly ushers at the Macaroon, I spoke to Steve Dangerfield of the
Panther Organization before the show this morning was a good guy.
Because I called Bimmer last night to vent about all of this.
But the fact of the matter is that here is a place where they're desperate.
Now we had a sellout last night, only because of the fact they were about ten...
maybe even more than that, but at least 10,000 Red Wing fans.
I mean it was scary.
But at least they show up. I'm not going to knock them.
And the real ones, I mean the phony ones, the front-running phony's were in the Red Wing
jerseys who wouldn't even know where to find Detroit and a map.
I'll screw them.
So we had the sellout, big crowd there, but the fact of the matter is that most of the season,
after a lot of disappointment after being screwed over for years and years,
and not to mention the outrageous high prices, keep in mind, in my deal here,
I get my tickets for free, and still rarely go.
Because it's not an enjoyable experience.
Sitting in home and watching a sporting event on television in the comfort of your home,
your living room, your den, wherever you're sitting out on a patio,
you're sitting there, and whatever you want to do, okay?
You want to get up and go take a leak, you don't have to fight 100 people.
You want to go to the refrigerator and get yourself a beer or a soda, whatever.
You don't have to stand online or get raped at the concession stand.
That's not funny.
And you're right, raped at it is not funny.
So when you're desperate to try to get asses in the seats, and the team,
okay, that might keenen hats off to you, might do in a hell of a job.
Unbelievable job.
Roberto L'Huangot, this kid in goal, him and legacy last night played as good of a game as you could possibly ever see.
Both unbelievable.
It turned into a really exciting game.
The first 10 minutes of the first period, if I saw two minutes of it, it was a lot.
Why?
Because you usher is to get back to these old grizzled farts again.
And like you're saying, you put anybody in a position of authority,
and right away, they're going to show you a thing or two.
The only problem is they do it when it doesn't do any good.
Let me show you your tickets, and this is an hour before the game.
And this isn't some guy that just came in there in our section.
This guy who's been there for years in Old Fossil.
Oh, hi Mr. Rogers, how are you?
He knows who I am.
So an hour before the game, he's checking everybody's tickets to be sure who's naughty and nice.
But then once the game starts, once the game starts,
they do just the opposite of what they tell you.
They keep putting up on a scoreboard, be considerate.
And I want to apologize to the Dutch people, the people and the names to them.
They're the politest people, uh, well, sure more than here.
No, seriously, everything is relative.
You know what I'm saying?
I talk about how rude and obnoxious and pushing their polite.
They're only a step below the people in Toronto who's on the polite scale compared to here.
Roode obnoxious and considerate, disgusting.
As soon as the face office is about to take place, they drop the puck, the game starts again.
That's when the usher lets everybody start coming down.
Just the opposite of the way it's supposed to work.
You see?
And that usher at 102 last night, I'm going to tell you how to be horse whipped.
You're okay.
You're pathetic.
You're sad.
You're tragic.
You're an asshole.
You're an imbecile.
And now they're all coming down.
And also, and actually they have to, they're looking around, they're finding their seats.
They're roseward, and they belong because half of 90% of them are usually there anyway.
Oh, and I'm so tired of answering people's questions.
Though the reason I haven't been there is not because I give up on a team, but because of the fact it's kind of hard to go to a Panther game when you're in Toronto, unless they're playing the Leafs.
See what I'm saying?
It's kind of hard to be at the Macarena when you're in Toronto, most of the time.
Only back like a week and a half, whatever it's been.
It seems like a lot longer.
You know what I mean?
It seems like about five years.
The usheres.
They're the biggest problem in that place because, and then of course they're carrying all their food and the people in the rows are going to stand up.
And they don't have any hurry to sit down when they finally find where their seats are supposed to be.
Well, they're like getting their pantaloons in order and getting their teets in order, like a juggling their boobs to make sure that they're comfortable.
And then meantime, there's a thing going on out there.
There's someone that's called a game.
You hear the sounds of people hitting the boards and the puck and there's a game going on there, although the ice is horrendous, I should point out.
And the puck bounces like a basketball out there.
I notice even Brett Hall made that comment after the game.
And he's right.
But if you want to put on an entertaining show, if you want to encourage people to come on out, especially in a town like this,
that's such a horse and buggy, one-dimensional town, supposedly with their football bull crap.
Although it's interesting, I stopped going to the dolphin games years ago and I used to buy my own tickets.
I was a faithful season ticket holder for five seasons with great seats.
And why did I stop going?
Because it became an unenjoyable experience with a bunch of loud, obnoxious, drunken assholes kicking over their beers, stepping on your feet, doing everything out of the sun.
I'm looking to start a brawl with anybody that could fight or look at them cross-eyed.
That's not my idea of an enjoyable afternoon.
And last night, last night to me told me everything I will ever need to know about this town, as if being here almost 30 years doesn't tell me.
It just verified it, times 10.
One of the most grotesque experiences I've ever had in a public event, anywhere.
I was going to go to a bunch of games while I'm here for a couple of months.
I'll go to the Leafs game February 5th to see the Maple Leafs.
I will not be going back other than that, under any circumstances.
That doesn't mean I don't support the team.
It just means I'm not a masochist.
How would you like to be sitting there with some little kid kicking you in the back of your seat for two and a half hours?
And some bitch standing there who keeps getting up back and forth.
And then just finally in the third period decided she was going to stand up.
People in my row who are seasoned ticket holders and pay for their tickets in a vendor since they won in a Macarena.
They finally got up and left after two periods and they said to me on the way up, we're going to go home and watch the rest on television so we can actually see something.
Maybe she thought it was a rock concert.
I'm going to tell you seriously, if I went ahead of baseball, bet I'd be in jail right now.
I'm telling you, that's how that's.
And finally in the third period, she decided she was just going to stand up.
Not just wave the arms and go back and forth and schlep around. She was just going to stand up.
While the game is going on and the people in the first row behind me, which is a few seats to my left started screaming, sit down.
And she's like looking at them.
Like she's like all the sudden got hearing problems.
And she's still standing up.
I finally yelled out, sit the hell down.
And she still was standing up.
You have never seen in your life move as fast as I move.
I was like I was shot out of a cannon.
And running up the stair to that damn usher, who of course at this point was busy.
Shmoosin with some other asshole, one in pain and the attention to explain to him what that was going on.
And he says, well, which woman is it?
And at that point, now she's coming up the stairs.
She finally got the message that we're about to tear and feather her.
Okay.
Woman with a black blazer, a blonde.
I love to find out who the hell she was.
Oh, I have clients all over the place in here.
So maybe she works for some radio station or the newspaper TV station or some ad agency.
She should only croak this bitch, a wicked nasty death.
And I would, I'd pay admission to watch it.
I would pay lots of money to stand there and watch her bleed to death.
So now she's coming up the stairs as I'm telling the usher about what's going on.
And I said that one right there.
And she just keeps one of Lollogagging along like nothing's going on and out the exit she goes.
Yeah, she had some of her clients there.
Of course, they were red winged fans, never seen them before in my life.
Some guy with a hair lip and his whatever the hell she was.
That's a clucked palate.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That was a great nightmare.
What a great time.
Nothing wrong with this town that a people transplant wouldn't cure.
Seriously, I would say about 40% of you people in this town need to be removed from the planet.
Let's get a hold of the clonied people right away.
Maybe we can send them to whatever planet they came from.
We can send these people there.
Because it's not just at sporting events.
It's the driving.
It's at the shopping mall.
It's in the public's.
It's everywhere you go.
The intolerment, the obsessive rudeness,
bitching people out, getting hysterical.
You were talking about somebody that had a check out at the supermarket,
bitching about because the scanners scanned the wrong price as if somehow the woman had the cashier had some responsibility for that.
Was there a fault?
This is on sale.
I had a coupon here.
This is on sale.
Like the old bag that wanted the salad dressing free because it said free on the label.
That's the true.
Nobody believes me about that.
I believe you're right.
This woman was older than Mathusa's grandmother.
In this place, I believe.
Yes.
She couldn't believe that the cashier actually scanned the product because she...
Wait a minute, you're charging her for that?
She said, of course.
She said, well, look, it says free.
It's called free, meaning fat free salad dressing because free in big letters.
It's a true story.
Yeah.
This is South Florida for you.
So anybody out there who thinks that I'm a grumpy old man that exaggerates,
you're full of crap, okay?
This is the rudest, the most obnoxious, the most unacceptable God damn place.
Thank God I live in Toronto most of the time where the people are polite and happy and decent and friendly.
You wouldn't see what happened in that place last night at the Air Canada Center
or me if I leave gardens under any so-and-a million years.
You'd never would have seen it.
It wouldn't have happened.
You might get a little bit worked up here.
Good.
Not enough.
Well, I'm just starting.
913 at 560 WQM.
Have you ever been presented with an opportunity when you should have could have or would have done something like beaten her brains out with a baseball bat?
But you didn't do it.
Well, there's an incredible Fannie Mae mortgage rate out there at 3.45%.
This rate is very, and by the way, before I get on to this spot,
90 days in jail for killing two people on a DUI,
Michael Mayo wrote the worst column in the history of newspapers in this morning's Sun Sentinel.
Go back to the sports section where you belong, Michael Mayo.
You wimp you idiot.
90 days.
And they may want to throw that out too, by the way.
A little slap on the wrist.
Anyway, there's an incredible Fannie Mae mortgage rate out there at 3.45%.
That's available by calling financial group,
toll free 1-800-9-4-05363.
If you were to compare a 7% rate with 3.45%,
you'd save yourself $3,500 in the first year alone for each hundred thousand dollars that you owe.
A hundred thousand cost, you only $447 bucks a month.
This is an opportunity that won't last though because it's a 40-year low.
So if you're thinking about refinancing or buying a home call financial group to this smart thing,
call 1-800-9-4-05363.
The process is simple and the call is free.
1-800-9-4-0-L-E-N-D.
Financial group has been an equal housing lender to thousands of borrowers of the Fannie Mae program.
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you wait too long.
5.34 APR.
Call financial group today toll free 1-800-9-4-0-L-E-N-D.
3-800-9-4 remix
8-24 SYNE
and politicians they know they.
This town was once alive.
They even had spring grey.
There were things to do all night.
In Broward and in day.
Let the old fart walking dead.
And the power to let a crooked who knows.
Who just got off the boat.
If I heard Neil Rogers rise.
This is the day that finally died.
Everyone who's ought to say the best.
Are the ones who brought us slow and painful death.
Through Miami.
Can you believe there was a time.
They had casinos and hal
and d'oeil.
Try to organize the crime.
But the experiment had failed.
When the brain didn't get into town.
And tore the thoughts of town.
They pissed along in the place.
It's a big cut in the screen.
I heard Neil Rogers rise.
This is the day that finally died.
What a great place to call the best.
What's self-serving as over with it.
Without the feet.
I heard Neil Rogers rise.
918 at 560 WQM.
I don't want to live in New York, Lynn.
OK, Lynn Samuel's is emailing me back and forth.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, it's great.
114 votes on a poll from yesterday.
The Neil Moahower, David the feud, is.
Bad for QAM 12.
Good for QAM 14.
Disturbing 20.
You know, like this town, disturbing.
In bad taste and must stop immediately, 22.
No.
Great radio 156.
And retaining 180.
Getting old 322.
And yo yo yo, let's rape Moah.
Yo yo yo, let's rape Moah.
Came from behind and passed the other one
like a was standing still 388 votes.
Are you ready for that?
388 people in this audience.
Oh, I like that said.
Yo yo yo, let's rape Moah.
And that one a poll.
Out of 1114 votes.
Pretty heavy duty turnout if he acts me.
I'll get back to that experience last night moment.
I don't expect anybody else to call in
because one thing over the years I've discovered
is in spite of all the people who come up dead during the games.
And again, last night, Neil, love your show.
Happy New Year.
A lot of very nice people, but none of them ever called this show.
Almost never.
You can do it.
And I'm not talking about the game.
I'm not going to make that mistake.
Talk hockey on the year because that's like suicide in this town.
It is.
Had a sell all last night and we had thousands and thousands of red wing fans.
People will understand the game.
People will understand that when the game gets someone and puck drops
and they start playing the game, that's when you sit your ass down
and you pretend at least you're watching the game.
As opposed to like up and down and forth and back and in.
And out.
Oh my god.
Crazy people.
That's what we got here.
And as amazing as it may sound, I want to say it again.
The old Miami arena, you know, because it was too small
so Wayne could make any money.
But the older arena was a thousand times better than this piece of crap we got now.
You can't complain about the ambiance in that building because there isn't any.
Still got the same jackasses on their cell phones, talking to somebody
also along the way.
Then we got people while the game is going on.
Oh, there's so and so.
Why not wait till the period ends, okay?
And go say hi to your buddy.
Go shmuz with somebody.
Oh, look at who's there.
And they're standing up and pointing.
And there's people who want to be seen and see other people.
See, I think you've got it real plastic.
Oh, in other words, there's not a game going on.
No, it's just a gathering.
It's just.
I see the game is an excuse to get together in the same place.
I see something.
David Ferrell was led out of a Broward County courtroom in handcuffs yesterday
to serve the first night of a 90-day drunk driving sentence.
But the former FBI agent might be out as early as today if his lawyer can persuade a judge
to release him pending an appeal of the verdict.
Defense lawyer Bruce Udall said Ferrell was accused but acquitted of killing two
Loddhe Hill brothers by driving the wrong way on I-95
would spend last night in protective custody at the Broward County jail.
In addition to the 90-day jail, term-broward circuit judge Mark Gold sentenced
Ferrell 39 to a year probation, 50 hours of community service and a DUI
course.
He also ordered Ferrell to avoid alcohol during probation and suspended his driver's
license for one year.
Suspended a sentence like that.
Huh?
This is one of the great travesties in the history of mankind.
I think second only to OJ.
This pisses me off.
Well, you know, the FHP, they kind of like changed the story and they did this
and they said that, you know, right.
First he was doing it and then he wasn't doing it and he's going to drink a whole
of, he's going to drink a six pack.
He's going to drink five six packs right there in a witness stand to show you
what a, how much he can hold his booze.
A farce, a dog and pony show, masquerading is a trial.
And Michael Mayo writes, seriously, Mike, you ought to be ashamed yourself.
You ought to hide under the bed for a month.
You ought to crawl right under the bed right now or go back to the sports section.
You didn't do a great job there, but at least you couldn't, didn't do as much harm.
I wouldn't even dignify his column by reading one word from it.
Although it does say like, well, that's the only word.
Starts out like, you're disgrace.
Here's today's poll before we get to our calls and more about, oh poor Leavon,
how about Leavon Hernandez?
You see that story?
Yeah.
The sterical.
We don't have that. They have that in the sports thing.
I love you Miami!
After the 1997 World Series, don't forget.
Like Dan LaVastard said, Miami didn't win the World Series.
The Cubans won it. We won it.
Remember that? That was all about Leavon.
Don't we like it?
The Cubans won it.
Well, congratulations, George.
Better late than ever. It's six years later.
But congratulations on your way.
Oh, they can't have your ring.
Well, not that kind.
Oh.
You have the wrong kind. That one.
That's a risk.
Sorry about that.
Well, I saw Joe and Janine Galasne at the game.
They were behind me between periods.
Wallace guy took his little kid out there for sensitivity training.
Still very.
They're still very dischflash their rings.
So they had a great time in Vegas.
Although they admit that they went at the wrong time of the year.
That it was just Jan packed.
Thanksgiving in New Year is not good times to be in Vegas boys and girls
if you want to get around unless you plan on walking a lot.
The traffic is impossible.
It is just Jan packed with living and breathing people.
They said they had a marvelous time.
Now they're talking about this summer, maybe going to Italy.
See, you know something I'm giving up.
I said, you must go to Roman Florence.
Wow, you know, Venice said this.
And of course, Joe's ancestors were from Naples.
I said, you don't want to go to Naples.
Naples is for Schleppers.
It's nothing but gypsies, tramps and thieves.
But, well, but it's Joe knows.
And now I realize, huh?
Joe knows.
Right, no matter what it is, Joe knows.
So they know better than I.
So I'll keep my mouth shut.
No, seriously, I'm trying to do a favor for them.
Because I've been there as it in times.
I know what they'd enjoy.
But like I said, like man, it's always does every time I mention Mo.
He just gives that zip across the lip motion.
Is that mandatory? You're scared of?
The man just said, I'm scared of.
I don't, I dash and knock him because he'll beat the crap out of me.
Yeah, in fact, I'll knock him right now.
He, yesterday, although he's doing the right thing.
But the fact is he started because there's no football in this time going on anymore right now.
So he mentioned the fact that there was the column, who's column was it?
He read like a couple of sentences about the Panthers and the only game in town.
I forget who's calling.
He read like about one sentence from that.
And then that was it.
And he said, well, the Panthers are competing for the playoffs.
Does that tingle your toes?
Got it? And what's his name?
Dave, whatever his name is.
Le Mans?
Dave Le Mans said, hey son of a year out.
So leave on here of the 1997 Marlins World Series victory.
It was arrested Miami yesterday after allegedly swinging golf clubs at a 65-year-old man
and grabbing him by the throat during an argument at a warehouse.
Permanently, I thought I said a warehouse.
A warehouse.
No, I saw the piece on TV.
And the old guy, a 65-year-old guy.
But I don't know who I really believe.
Because the old guy, like, yeah, yeah, he did it at a club.
And then all Le Mans buddies, now he didn't do it.
I don't know what other witnesses that said that, yeah, he's swung at him.
Yeah.
Who do you believe?
See, see, you want to believe them because it's an anti-sports thing.
You know, you want to pick out poor Le Mans, who never stole a freight train.
All his relatives said he's a wonderful guy.
He never stole a freight train.
Whatever.
And he loved you, Miami, to be swinging at an old man like that.
He had to be swinging a golf club at a 65-year-old man.
Thank God, it wasn't OJ, at least swinging a golf club.
Well, maybe he's going to say, I got bad aim.
Maybe he thought the old guy was the guy that killed Ron and the Cole.
Huh?
Maybe he was trying to get even.
Well, that's right, it wasn't OJ, it was Leavon.
I'm just, seriously, I have never had an experience, the likes of last night, in my life.
In my life, I've been to a lot of sporting events.
I told the other, I was going to grab the usher by the throat.
Yeah, see Mo, I could have punched him out because he's a dot-a-ring old man, even worse than you, Mo.
But don't forget, Mo has always been a buff board.
See, I love guys that come on a year and put on posture for the audience, like, oh, I'm righteous.
And I don't do those things.
And I think we all should get along.
And then behind the scenes is stabbing everybody in the back and in the heart, trying to get people canned.
You're not fooling this old Fag Mo, not for one second.
And I want to thank whoever faxed me that radio George, the listener, George with a G, who faxed me that piece from Dave Halberstim's book about sports casters.
And could they do it again?
And yeah, please fax that to me again, by the way, because we'd like to keep that Hank would like to see it.
And others, hey Mo, Hank hates you like poison.
27, what are you laughing about? You know it's true.
Yeah, that's why it's funny.
Exactly.
Like poison.
27 after 9 at 5, 60, WQM.
Another year's gone by and you're still underpaid and stuck in a crappy job working with a bunch of butt plugs, like Mo.
A bunch of grumpy old farts.
If your new year's resolution is a high paying career, here's the answer for you.
Call fast train toll free at 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
If you win a rule, now you can be certified on the way to a new high paying job by April.
That's right, if you can come at three nights a week, fast train can have you certified as a computer professional by this April.
And fast train is the folks who can do it for your right.
Call toll free 1-866, like I said, they be the folks.
866-FAST-TRAIN.
They offer you a job placement, easy financing, day-night-a-week-and-classes, and they have four convenient locations all over town.
They're in Miami, they're in Kendall, they're in Florida, a lot of day-all, and now in Pembroke Pines.
Just one simple call can get you underway to a new, exciting high paying career.
So get out of that dead-end job, say goodbye to that asshole boss.
Oh, and call fast train right now, toll free at 1-866-FAST-TRAIN, or check them out in the worldwide Wicked Web if you like it.
FastTrain.com
Find and local!
Here's sports video 560-CUE-A-M
Chill
Oh, there's a lot of people in the world.
I'm not a fan of the people.
I'm not a fan of the people.
I'm not a fan of the people.
I'm not a fan of the people.
I'm not a fan of the people.
I'm not a fan of the people.
I'm not a fan of the people.
I'm not a fan of the people.
I'm not a fan of the people.
I'm not a fan of the people.
I'm not a fan of the people.
I'm not a fan of the people.
The reason I dismissed that sneak and fasted it is because he wouldn't shut up and he can't play conaster.
I swear he took it over there. Nobody took it from my rat.
I wrapped in your talk.
Like, look at me, I'm thinking, I ain't no square.
I'm a ding-dong daddy man, I'm really dead.
I buy a ready what I want.
I don't care.
Let's play if they make me flip my wig later, smelly green hair.
I get tired myself and even happens to the greets.
Westwood once said you'll get out of here whilst we break your legs.
So now I sit by the pool, life's as good as it gets.
With my paladin cocktail, placing bets on the gins.
Paradise, paradise, and I guess nobody's asked him paradise.
I'll be shoving up the screwkins when I get the gins.
But the cleaners aren't ready with my lime green pants.
How long does it take?
Kelsi calling the plate.
And we've just got little thoughts on what I love this thing.
I think that's funny when I knock the sandwich buddy.
I can do what I want, but the management loves me.
You're gonna tell you something, oh, something you oughta know.
But along this time I wanted you to be my own.
You wipe my tight bow, now I'm straight, no no.
Who? Who's the one you don't?
I'll take no for an answer.
Let's get out of here.
But it's time.
Not you.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
Get out of here.
932-560-WDQ.
I'm happy Thursday to you.
Who we got?
We got Joe Rose for the Mad Dog at one today.
Hank is doing to show a crystal palace in the Bahamas, no less.
Her Akun hotline at seven o'clock, 9 o'clock Josh Freeman,
Eddie K from GA at 10.
Joe and Mark and Janina overnight.
Anyway, now what's wrong with Elle Goldstein?
I'm a fat Jew.
Yeah, I think he's coming to glued.
Your close personal friend who made you all those free meals by the way.
Right?
That you used to go sluppin' up there along with fat-riched
because you were into those free meals.
Sure.
And it was been let you use this apartment.
Right?
Not.
Well, I'll give that story momentarily.
It's almost not even- I don't even want to give him the publicity to be honest with you.
Here's today's poll.
Over the years, who has been the worst chronic on Neal's show.
It's already up there on the website.
I already got some votes.
And boy, that's kind of shocking to me.
Look who's in first place in the early voting.
Your gay.
Reverend Jones.
The worst chronic on Neal's show, Greg from Portse, Lucy, etc.
Mitch from the video store.
Gilbert from Hunger.
Blind Mike.
The guy with the eyes.
Andy from Hollywood.
Reverend Jones.
Your gay.
Woody.
Now here's one I put on that you won't remember because you did it so way before your time.
Gil Seagull from WKAT.
Oh, hi to the writers.
It's Gil Seagull, I want to say hello on behalf of my friends and brothers who are going to
the chamber in the Camilla's house.
That sounds like Gilbert.
Very close.
I think related.
Gil Seagull.
He was foisted on me by Craig Worthing, by the way.
What's Gil short for?
Oh, I never thought about that.
The Madacone guy.
And Dennis, the professional Catholic.
Now that was my list.
What do you think?
That's a pretty good list.
Am good.
Have you got anybody out?
I don't think so.
I think there's anybody compete with them.
Those are the only people that we have names for.
Right.
Then there's like that.
Thagot Julio Codre out there.
No, no, no, no.
I'm not going to dignify them by putting them on there anyway.
See, because they would they would like that.
Now, these are people that we can stick our finger on.
Win.
Over the years, who's been the worst chronic on Neal's show, Greg from Portse, Lucy from
Boyton Beach from all the other places they've kicked them out of.
I wonder if we got a fact from Greg yet.
Oh, no, not yet.
But here's that thing again from listener George.
Thank you so much.
There's the article for Hank.
And whoever else wants to see it about Mo with the Moe Meister.
And where does it say that he got the...
Eddie's.
No, Eddie's.
You want to put Eddie on there?
Yeah.
Okay, let's put Eddie on there.
Hey, Eric, we hate to make you do this because we know you're in a sour mood.
Fanny pack.
A guy with a Fanny pack.
Yeah, but he's not, he hasn't called that much.
Not anymore.
No.
Eddie, as in this is Eddie.
Got it, Eric, okay?
Eddie in parentheses.
This is Eddie.
Yeah, you're right.
He belongs on there.
Now, where's that one line in this thing that we read yesterday from Dave Halberstam's book?
Final four, yadi yadi yadi yadi.
Fence of...
I don't understand.
Where the hell is that line?
Oh.
Didn't have any any way to experience a net's commanding voice you left over was ostensibly financial differences,
but others later confirmed he was pushed out for being overbearing.
Well, you talk about the understatement of the century overbearing?
Wow.
What an understatement.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Yes, hello Neil, how are you?
Okay.
I was at the game last night.
That was the worst I've ever seen.
I just called up the Macarena.
I want to get my money back for the rest of the season.
They were throwing bottles at the end of the game.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
It was ridiculous.
That was in 107.
So it wasn't just in 102?
No, it was 107 too.
I had some people in front of me.
There was a guy behind me.
The whole third period, he was talking to his father, telling him where to look for him on TV.
Uh-huh.
It was ridiculous.
He went up and told the guy and all the guy kept undoing it, coming down and telling the kids in front of us to stop changing his eyes.
He didn't say a word about any bottles being thrown.
It was the word.
At least you had somebody that was paying attention what was going on.
Our Aarsher, he was busy back up there playing with himself.
I don't know what the only was doing.
But he sure wasn't paying any attention.
And every time the faceoff would take place, as soon as the puck hit the ice, that's when he'd start sending people down to stand in everybody's way.
Exactly.
Everybody came down right in front of it while the play was playing.
Exactly.
I agree with you, Neil.
It was the worst game I've ever been at.
I want my money back for the rest of the season.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Thank you.
Okay.
Don't spend it all in one place.
See here.
Now look at the good timing.
This is AD.
It says you forgot AD.
AD.
Right.
You're right.
We got him on here now.
We didn't forget.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
You think the woman standing in front of you was hysterical.
You should have seen the Mickey and Danny show overnight last night.
It was hysterical, man.
Mickey and Danny show.
The Joy and Mike show.
Joy and Mike.
Joy and Mike.
Rick and Ed.
Rick.
Yeah.
Spick and suds from it in McBean.
Rick and suds from it in McBean.
Rick and suds from it in McBean.
What did I miss?
What do you miss?
I miss.
Go back to Canada.
No, stay here, by the way.
Neil.
You're so camouflaging.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5.
You want me to map?
Huh?
It's a crazy person.
Don't you understand?
It's just another crazy person.
We're still waiting for some real causes.
Is this going to go on like in perpetuity now?
Is this going to go on forever?
That's it.
Then after my outburst, after that grotesque experience,
I can't get the one good guy that called their first.
I can't get it.
But evidently, I must be out there on a limb.
Here's Weston.
Hello.
Hey, I'm holding for the mad dog.
Yeah, mad dog in here today.
Here's Volka.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
You know, I tried to call most of this morning twice and they hung up on me.
Why is that?
You know, I wanted to tell him that he was busting you this morning pretty bad.
You only have one subject to talk about it.
How does he know that if he doesn't listen to the show?
Yeah, he says he doesn't listen, but he turned it on yesterday for the first time in seven months.
I see.
And he doesn't know that he says that all those moments should be on a CD.
Is it make a CD and make money out of it?
That's a great idea, yeah.
Yeah.
He's such a liar.
You know, there's one thing.
He came in this market saying he's going to change sports talk.
Oh, he sure did that.
Okay.
And number two, they have no ratings.
I want to see ratings on that show.
Yeah.
You carry the station because no idea.
Well, that's why it's so ludicrous for him to come in here with all his bombastic bull crap and lamb-baseding me and my audience and everybody else.
But in the meantime, like you said, we carry the whole damn station on here.
And he's so far he's produced a minimal at best, mediocre numbers at best.
And they're paying a money that you earn the station.
There you go.
And that's why that's my F.
Okay. Thanks a lot.
Thank you, Neil.
To you.
It's my agent.
I wish.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T, Barry Slim, Response, again, here this morning.
I don't think we have any audience out there, you know what?
I really don't.
I've never ever seen it like this.
We get one here.
We get one over there.
It's like nobody's got anything to say.
I'm going to seriously, if I'm the only person, I'll do the show all year long from Toronto.
I don't care.
If I'm the only one who's offended by the behavior of the people who are at sporting events and elsewhere.
You name it.
The theater.
Anywhere.
I'm gagging on it from this crowd.
60 votes over the years who's been the worst chronic on the Eelshow, Reverend Jones 15, Dennis the professional Catholic 10.
I think he called the other day.
Demata Kohn guy 9, Gilbert 9, Andy from Hollywood 5, Andy this is Andy 4.
Greg from Port Seilose, he only got three votes.
Greg, Woody 2, Gil Seagulls got one, somebody with a good memory, one for blind Mike, one for Mitch for the video store and none for the guy with the eyes.
Who's going to feel very left out?
20 till 10 at 5, 60, WQYM, kick off the new year with a great new mattress from our friends at DollarMatress.
Help out your back, get you a great night's sleep every night.
Forget about those department embedding stores that rip you off, they give you that bait and swish deal.
Because DollarMatress has got exactly the great name brand mattress you want in stock ready for.
Just about immediate delivery, they carry only the best they got.
Sealy, Surtis, Simmons, Kingcourt and every size and style out of the sun.
And when you order you new bed from DollarMatress by calling 1-800-Matress, they'll have it there on time even the same day you call.
You choose the date and time ones convenient for you.
I think I would have choked it out here because some of that champion might have went down the wrong thing.
DollarMatress prides itself under 99% on time record too, which is just one reason why they're ranked first for overall customer satisfaction in the universe.
Surtis, what the smart people they were QAM have done, yours truly Miguel George, we sleep on mattresses from DollarMatress you should be doing the same.
It's a piece of cake.
Just one easy call that's all you have to do and they'll be there in no time.
1-800-Matress, 1-800-MATTRES.
This is my life and love. This is for Treadiel 560.
You weigh it too, weigh it.
It's a piece of cake.
I'm going to watch you sign in.
But I don't like you sign in.
I'm going to watch you sign in.
Bye bye bye.
Bye bye bye.
I'm 45 and 560 WQM Happy Thursday to you.
Here's a call from Lake Worth. Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir. How are you?
I'm originally from Toronto. I've been down here for about seven years at a love your show and I'm a charismatic fireman department that I'm children.
I'm named in Broward County.
I've never seen such a large group of complete morons in my life other than the people that live down in South Florida.
I'm sure you've heard all this before.
But I've been to numerous Panther games and it's totally disgusting.
It's one of those games.
Not only that, but all the Christian conservatives in this country are absolutely cracking me because they have absolutely no clue of what is of a reality or any other thing of life.
Yeah, well I don't care whether they have a clue or not, but they should stop trying to browbeat everybody else with their crap.
If they want to live in a stone age, that's up to them.
But don't try to impose it on everybody else.
If you want to become involved in politics, you should also be taxed.
And you cannot go without being taxed and also try to have your way in the political arena.
It's unbelievable.
Okay pal, good luck to us.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
What a response, ladies and gentlemen.
What a tremendous response.
Now just draw the line on the calendar on the map.
This is finished here.
This whole town finished.
5, 6, 8, even a story about the cop, David Ferrell.
The FBI guy.
Now nobody cares about that.
See this is a town where basically people come here and once they come here, you're just supposed to throw in the towel.
Just like that thing I tried to bring up a couple of days ago about the herald and the pan-related.
Nobody cares about that anymore.
They just gave up.
They just been beaten down so much.
They don't give a crap anymore.
Even if they used to, they don't care anymore.
They've given up.
I haven't, I couldn't even imagine even as long as I've done this show.
Couldn't imagine that a community could be as lethargic and disinterested in everything and anything than here.
All they want to do is call this radio station and why?
The dolphins lost to her at Coonslide.
Why aren't we cursed?
You know, that's it.
That's this town.
That's it.
Speaking of assholes, airport sex talk gets Roncey Publisher pulled off a flight.
It's your friend, by the way.
Screwpuff, what are you laughing about?
You don't want to always encourage him to come in here?
Never won.
Screw magazine publisher Al Goldstein misdeflights in New York yesterday morning after his sexual comments reduced an airport security worker to tears.
The vendor of salacious publications was pulled off the American Airlines flight by BSO at the Fort Lauderdale Hollywood International Airport.
Kelly Noble's a screener for the TSA told police that Goldstein looked at her and said, are you a real blonde?
He also commented, if you were me, were to have sex, I want you to keep your uniform on a coin to police report which notes that other screeners heard their marks as well.
Noble's reported that she felt really uncomfortable began to cry.
Goldstein said he simply asked the woman how often she is propositioned on the job, then continue talking with a group of men about porn star Ron Jeremy.
BS, deputy's interview the Rockest publisher and pompano beach resident finally determining that he hadn't broken any laws, although he was uncooperative at first and screened at the officers.
Goldstein said he missed his schedule near surgery in New York, but was rebooked on the later flight and upgraded to first class.
Isn't that great?
They upgraded to first class to make up for the his being late and to reward him for his aberrant behavior.
The eccentric publisher blamed the incident on the Ken Jenny conspiracy, a reference to the Broward County Sheriff Goldstein 66's campaign on successfully for the Sheriff's job.
He said Jenny is aware of his plans to run again in 2004, hence the harassment at the airport.
That's ridiculous and BS spokesman Jim Leidall.
And it goes on about while the girlfriend threatening the shooter, stuff all these other name harassment suits in his spend time in jail and Rutgers Island, etc.
What a sad story, you know.
He's just the reaching the bottom of the barrel poor owl who we used to like a lot. Well a little bit.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Nail.
Yes sir.
Just off the fire it up about that FBI guy man.
Yeah.
Not only is he just going to get 90 days in county jail, he's in protective custody because he's an ex cop so he's going to be separated and get all kinds of perks in jail.
Uh huh.
I mean this is ridiculous.
I heard the chef is going to cook special. That's what I heard.
I'm a dancing girl. He's going to love.
I mean he can't believe it. And for your poll, you forgot to your Boolean guy.
Ah, he's small potatoes.
Okay. Thanks.
He's like Frankie Pintangely. How's the bullet coming?
Here are the contenders Reverend Jones 21 Gilbert 15.
Then it's the professional Catholic 14.
This is Andy's got 13 and the mighty Cohen guys got 12.
Those are the only ones who double digits so far.
It'll be a pretty good battle I think.
Here's a call from derral. Hello.
Hi.
Yes sir.
Good morning. I don't know if you saw last night the show on CBS. It was like a, an hour news special was about, I want to get your opinion.
No, I did not see it because I was at the hockey game trying to watch a game.
Well, it was about these sick people who look at these child model websites.
A lot of sick people in the world exploiting their own children and making a buck.
I want to get your opinion on it. What do you think?
My opinion on what?
On that type of activity. Don't you think it's kind of, what type of activity are we talking about?
Ah, I said to you all the 40 year olds selling their kid on the internet for pictures, dressing up.
Well, of course it's sick. I mean, is there something debate about that?
No, I love it. These people, these disgusting pathetic people try and pass themselves off like it's okay and they call for the rationale.
Yeah, well, so the pedophiles they also pass it off like they're like the name of people like it's a legitimate organization.
If there are other sick people and everything comes back to South Florida.
Well, he wasn't too well, did he got to that last part? You're right about that. You are absolutely correct.
Wow. As long as I live, I don't think I'm ever going to get over that experiment. I mean, I'll get over it, but I'll just never forget that experience last night.
It was just so, and there was no excuse for it. There was no need for it. It just can't happen.
It's like if you get like 20,000 people in a building and just like have a free for all, you know, well, everybody just go crazy to whatever you want.
You know, the fact that a bunch of people paid a lot of money to come here and enjoy a sporting event or a concert or whatever, well, don't bother us with the facts.
In addition to which they still got the noise in there, booming as loud as ever, can not make your eardrum burst.
The guy who sits in front of me, he was turning around to talk to me and I'm like leaning forward to talk to him several times there.
And not while the game is going on, but you know, in between and in between periods. And they still have the music so loud, you just can't hear him.
You can somebody sitting right in front of you. What? Huh? Why even bother?
So, you know, you can belly it all you want. These people in the organization, but you have a long, even after all of these years.
You've had a long way to go to putting out an entertaining and enjoyable evening for the public.
And I know that there are a lot of the sick of fans out there that people are professional groupies, the ones that sniff the jog straps, will be there no matter what you do to them.
And I noticed the same one. They're all going to be there.
Wait, you have that panther, you know, but they're not going to put enough money in your pockets to make the franchise viable here.
You've got to make it an enjoyable night's out for the public.
And if it's if somebody like me who is probably the biggest hockey fan in this town, if somebody like me didn't have an enjoyable evening and what turned out to be a pretty good game, there must be something wrong there.
You know what I'm saying? Do you get it?
Must be something wrong. What do you say in that joint?
Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. You know why Lee White none this is.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Welcome here. Yes, sir. Happy New Year.
Same to you. Got one for your poll. Check a big.
Here's Volker. Hello. Hello.
Yeah, sir. Yeah, I was just going to say a lot of people I think they call your channel. They've never been and visited a lot of places that you've actually gone to.
And it's sort of like if you've only in Hamburg or all your life, you don't really know what foaming y'all is.
And I think that you know when you talk about Toronto, I've been there. It's a fantastic city.
So Shane, more people don't get that opportunity because they just think Miami is the greatest.
No, I don't want any of these people that are going to Toronto. I don't want any of them going there. Let them go to Buffalo.
I wonder that for the lay of Seoul restaurant on the clean street. Unbelievable. It's a great place.
What is it? What did you I didn't know what you just said? I was just going to say I thought you know it's a great place. Wonderful restaurants.
It like you say. Let them stay here. Okay, thanks. Thanks. No, I'm not plugging any place else. I'm talking about here. How I like how this place could be enjoyable and why it is not.
Not how people should go to Toronto, to this place, to that place, to disconnect to be. I'm not talking about that.
I'm talking about the way people should behave to be civilized and tolerant and decent with each other.
Instead of grotesque and unfriendly and nasty and hostile and anti-social. You know what I'm saying? That's right, anti-social. Like farting in somebody's face.
Sean and Hollywood, you've been up real good up till now. But you're just how can you leave off the chronic from Lutz?
First of all, John Broward was chronic and they gave him his own show but he wasn't a chronic caller to my show. He never called me or at least very rarely.
And the chronic from Lutz only made one phone call. How can that be chronic? It's several but it was over the like two months.
The chronic from Lutz that we did the song about. No, because that was a phony. It wasn't even for real. He used to call all the time.
Ah, that was like one month. Right. One month. One month out of 27 years. Don't cut it, Sean. So, you know, quit while you're ahead. Good facts you though, but he happens to be wrong there.
Did we forget Ken Block, by the way? Oh, look at look at this every single day. I'll give this anti-submitic crap George ain't out anymore. Okay, wait until my next vacation.
Yesterday I'm getting in and today I'm getting into just zero and anti-submitic swill coming on the facts machine.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon line Reverend Jones 21 Dennis the professional Catholic 19. Now you're talking Gilbert 19 and also the Maddekone guy 19.
This is any 14 and the rest single digits. Hey guys, if you want your hair back, you can go out there and get plugs in your head and watch the blood drip and down over your eyelids.
You can get yourself a mousey looking piece that'll have everybody on the floor in hysterical laughter. You can go take those dangerous pills that might make you sick, might even kill you and probably not grow with one single strand of hair back or you can do this smart thing.
You go see my good close personal buddy Charles Alphieri at the Alphieri Studios in Fort Lauderdale. Charlie's natural hair line system is the best in the world, which is why everybody with a brain goes to see him whether they're multi millionaires or shluppers or somewhere in between because they know that for no amount of money in the world can they get a better more natural looking system than Charlie's natural hair line piece.
And Charlie gives you a 30 day guarantee. You have nothing loose but that big glowing glaring ugly bald spot. If you don't love the way it looks and feels up to 30 days Charlie give you a full refund. If you're not getting laid 20, 30, 40 times an hour, Charlie give your money back.
Call today and take advantage of your $200 Near Rogers discount. Charlie also services and repairs all types of air systems while you wait for only 25 or 30 bucks.
Here's the toll free number to call. There's no obligation to give you free consultation and they'll actually show you just how much better and younger they can get you guys to look.
1-800-321-2413. 1-800-321-2413 be sure and tell them that they're all kneel for you to call or check out their website CharlesAlphieri.com.
And I'm finally home. Please God let my folks move the wrong.
Sick of hearing about my talks, my past surgery. Sick of hearing about my mom's fake screwed up trickney.
My sister Doris weighs 300 pounds. Whatever she sits on in water it drowns.
And there's my calls and earning from LA. What a shocker he's gay. It's okay we know you're a mole. Sick of my family.
I'm glad that I'm home. Please God let my folks move the wrong.
It's 10 o'clock right on the nose. The big hand is on your little hand. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Don't forget Joe Ross for the mad dog at 1. Hank at the crystal palace in the Bahamas and other toughest assignment for the Humper.
Between 3 and 7 and 7. Perkwood line at 7 followed by Josh Friedman 9 to 10, 1 hours playing for him and an 8K at 10 from GA in Joe and Mark overnight.
Here is this fact is so idiotic that I'm almost a kneel. I'm a little shocked you haven't spoken more about the tragedy that continues to unravel with the Buffalo Sabers.
This ain't a hockey show. K. Joe I'm talking about being in a hockey game and about the behavior of the people not about hockey.
Because there's nobody down here who gives a crap in addition to which he's a little bit shocked. What does that have to do with us?
Aren't you concerned about the tragedy of the Buffalo Sabers? What?
Aren't you concerned about stew barns and mirrored shitan and Marty Biron?
And right now I tell you what I feel sorry for is Rick Generette. One of the great broadcasters of all time.
And anyway he says at the end of this idiotic about I shall also probably should be a bunch of some from Rochester I shall also be a Buffalo Bills fan.
Here's a guy that's telling me what I should think what teams I should root for it all also at the end.
PS George is really bad on the nearby himself.
So there you go George somebody that don't like you.
Jay blowing out your ass sweetheart get a life.
Take that killbassa out of your rectum 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the video is family shrieks police kill dog.
Now Carlos has actually seen a video I haven't seen did you see it? No I haven't see it. All I'm sure we will.
Cokesville Tennessee police video released yesterday showed an earth Carolina family kneeling and handcuffed who shrieked his officers killed their dog which appeared to be playfully wagging its tail with a shotgun during a traffic stop.
I think we'd like to get this cop and that blonde from the hockey game last night and just time together the FBI agent and the FBI agent and put him on a railroad trestle.
Huh but that sounds good. What's a trestle?
Call up Maureen Dowd Chiltaa.
The smoke family was pulled over in the evening of January 1 on interstate 40 in eastern Tennessee by officers who mistakenly suspected them of car jacking.
An investigation show James Smoke had simply left his wallet on the roof of his car to gas station and motorists who saw his money flop the car as he drove away called police.
Buche Yenthers. How do you how do you like that they called police?
The family was driving through eastern Tennessee on their way home from New York's trip to Nashville. They told CNN they're in the process of getting an attorney and considering legal action against the cookville Tennessee police department and the Tennessee highway patrol for what happened to them in their dog.
In the video released by the THP officers are heard ordering the family one by one to get out of their car with their hands up.
James Smoke and his wife Pamela and 17 year old son Brandon ordered to get out of their knees and handcuffed.
What did I do James Smoke asked the officers? Sir inside information is that you was involved. Listen to that.
Inside information is that you was involved in some type of robbery in Davidson County the unidentified officer says you was involved.
Smoke and his wife protest incredulously telling the officers that they're from South Carolina.
Oh and that their mother and father-in-law traveling another car alongside them.
The Smoke's told CNN that as they knelt handcuffed they pleaded with officers to close the doors of their car so their two dogs wouldn't escape but the officers wouldn't listen.
Pamela Smoke has seen on the tape looking up at the officer telling him slowly that dog is not mean he won't hurt you.
Her husband says I got a dog in a car. I don't want him to jump out.
The tape then shows the Smoke's medium-sized brown dog ropping on the shoulder of the interstate its tail wagging as the family yells the dog named Pat and first heads away from the road then quickly circles back toward the family.
An officer in a blue uniform aims a shotgun at the dog and fires at its head killing it immediately.
They showed this? Huh? He hasn't seen it.
I think you said you did see it. No he was asking us if we saw it because it's out there. The video is out there.
For several moments all that is audible are shrieks as the family reacts to the shooting. James Smoke even stands up but officers pull him back down.
Y'all shot my dog. Y'all shot my dog James Smoke cries. Oh my god. God Almighty.
Oh god. Jesus tell me why y'all shoot my dog James Smoke says. The officers bring him to the patrol car. The family comes down but they still ask the officers for their explanation.
One of them says Pat and was going after the officer. No he wasn't man James Smoke said. You didn't have to kill a dog like that. Y'all didn't have to do it.
Brandon told CNN Pat and was playful and gentle like Scooby Doo and they have simply gone after the beam of the flashlight as he often did at home when Brandon and the dog would play.
The Tennessee Department of Safety which oversees the highway patrol said an investigation is underway.
Cooke'sville police chief Robert Terry released a statement on the department's website last night describing the department's regret over the incident.
I know the officer who should circumstances could have been different so he could have prevented shooting the dog Terry wrote.
It is never gratifying to have put to put it have to put an animal down especially a family pet and the officer reassures me he never displayed any satisfaction in doing so. He wasn't high-fiving.
Terry said he and the vice mayor of Cooke'sville met with a family before they left to convey our deepest sympathies for the loss of their dog.
This is the smokes very their pendant home a white cross marks the grave so grotesque so freaking American man let's shoot anything that moves.
Like the bitch with a blonde hair. See the dog is dead she's still alive that's what pisses me off.
I'm serious if I would have had some kind of a club some kind of a weapon because I finally I just couldn't take it anymore she was ignoring these poor people behind her it's now the third period it's a one-one game it's an exciting game it's really getting intense.
And she's standing up and they're screaming at her sit down please we want to see the give sit and she just stand alive.
I think she was also from South Carolina. She was a southern bitch a real a real trailer trash type.
Oh I got lots of clients all over the place here seriously if it's the last thing I do I'm going to find out who that bitch was and who she works for.
Here's Miami Lake sell out.
Hey Neil yes sir that cops are real asshole.
Okay listen I'm a young American tax paying law abiding watch the story in 60 minutes to let find about a food line somewhere in Ohio people that have been out of work or lost their jobs that are really struggling to make it with what they make welfare wise or food stamp wise.
I'm wondering if the government ever sees these things and can do something about it instead of donating so much money I mean to other countries and to things like that I mean.
I understand that we have to help out other countries to make us look good but we still we got to work work on the people here in our country to begin with.
Okay inhale now I'll tell you when to exhale I'll tell you when I live it out.
Okay well press the buzzer when it's time yeah they're doing something about it all right yeah worse 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T by the way if you want to read the truth about bushes tax cut proposal call fools gold in the village voice it's on our website now.
I'm your Rogers dot com along with lots of other fantastic stuff springs cancel city election calls Miriam elephant inept.
Do you believe we're going to run for president boy I like this strap on aircraft thing but only forget to talk about that.
I can just can't you envision that people flying into each other instead especially here in South Florida.
If they can't drive a car like a couple of blocks without killing somebody or coming damn close you can just imagine them with their little flying machines.
Flit in around up in a year. I'll buy the hard hat of course flit in around up in here some of us don't need a flying machine.
Here's popular hello yes sir.
Uncle Neil happy new year.
Same to you listen I know you're a big game show man got three quick things to talk about right now if you guys have the game show network there's some show on with Bill Cullen.
I know you always come into the about him.
Yeah so he's on right now.
I'm doing a radio show now I know I know I like Bill Cullen.
I love Bill Cullen.
I just I pointed out is called block buster is on game show.
I know that show.
Okay second thing real brief is this and I'm going to talk to you about us yours because I work as an usher at a couple of different places.
The guy who was the king of spring break crazy Greg Newell is about to pass away.
Right I'm aware of that.
Yeah I just I fill you in on that he loves you and he just loves your attitude and the whole thing so I just I point it out.
Well wait a minute but what does that have to do with us yours.
No I'm going to tell you that right now I'm going to tell you I'm sorry I said three quick things.
Well you know I want to hear depressing news about Greg is just on a verge of power.
I talked about that back in November already.
I know I know okay I'm sorry.
Is he going to leave us his beanie at least?
No but he's going to have a hell of a party it is waking in his funeral.
I'm sure he will.
He's paying for it.
See there's another great example there's the guy who invented spring break and once they once they destroyed spring break here that was like the message anybody out of the age of a hundred we're making it official today we don't want you here.
They're a real place for you here.
Now regarding usher I work at a couple of places around the area I can't really say where I'll probably wind up losing my job.
When people I'm not taking this woman side the woman that was standing up in front of you believe it or not if somebody buys a seat to an event whether it's a hockey game of concert anything.
They want to stand up in front of their seat.
There's nothing legally that you or the usher can do about it.
No no I've had people say that to me I've had the police and other security people say that to me you cannot force somebody to sit down after standing up in front of the seat.
Let me say this to you sir.
Sure let me say this to you with all due respect.
If someone has tickets whether they bought them whether they stole them whatever else right and somebody else is inhibiting their ability to enjoy the event by standing up by acting rowdy whatever you describe it.
There is no way to just they should be removed immediately.
I've had people.
Period there's no debate they should be removed immediately.
I don't give a crap as a matter of fact I don't want to talk to you.
He's trying to justify it.
He says first of all I don't want to justify it and then while there's no legal that's not the point.
The point is that the people like the Panther organization in this case or the promoters of a concert or whatever else if they want to expect people to come back and subsidize their crap.
It cannot be permitted it's not allowed.
It would be the same if she took her pants down and took a dump right there in the seat.
It's just not acceptable.
The idea that somehow because she paid for the seat therefore she's entitled to whatever the hell she wants.
Sorry.
Now if she wouldn't like died in the seat then we would have had a party.
We'd still be there.
I'd had a call George to do the show today.
We'd have had a party.
I would have danced on her grave.
I'm serious you have never ever encountered a person like this like this bitch.
Can you even envision it?
People are screaming at her now.
Sit down.
I screamed at the top of my life.
Sit the hell down already God damn it.
And she's still standing there.
And the usher is back up there when I came when I went flying up there and he said maybe he knows this last guy that just called me here.
Who's trying to rationalize it away?
Oh she's got her right to the way she bought the ticket bull crap bull crap.
You don't have a right to interfere with other people's view of the game the event whatever the hell it is.
So don't give me a son of an aunt like she's got her right to do whatever.
You can apply that to anything.
What if somebody was standing online at the checkout counter not moving just standing there?
Yeah that's right.
Well they're entitled it's a constitution or a right to stand there and block everybody else off.
Or how about if somebody just gets out there and creates a hazard on the interstate just going about 10 miles an hour we have a minimum speed limit for that reason.
You just can't do whatever the hell you want sir.
Bitch.
Disgusting obnoxious blonde-headed bitch.
And I'm not sure who's worse.
Her or the usher or the little kid that was coming.
See if I don't play a little kid it was his father.
I mean there was just a combination of all of the and I'm sure it just isn't me it isn't only me.
No.
Because these other people in my section were just apoplectic including the ones who left.
They left.
And they're real fans they're there all the time they pay for their seats.
So you people in the organization man you're sure as hell not doing it.
You can cry and weep and man listen but the fan and yeah it is a horse ball town and it's not a hockey town I understand that.
But when you understand all of those things that means you have to try harder.
You have to go the extra 5,000 yards to make it an enjoyable experience for the public.
Especially at those inflated prices.
God damn it.
And this and this so I get a call from a guy justifying it that's typical.
12 minutes after 10 at 560 WDQM.
Hey let me tell you about a great place where they will treat you right.
Whether polite where they love your business and that's Brandy's in Pompadabeech where you'll find the bigger selection of men's and women's shoes all the time.
The best service and most important to most people the best prices in town period.
We're not talking about off name brands that nobody ever heard of anymore that your feet would like sneeze at.
We're talking about the top quality names on a shoe binis.
Names like Rockports, Floreshawm, SAS, Spirry, Timberlin, Naturalizer and lots more.
And with a big selection they got a Brandy's you can just about be damn sure they got your size and style in stock right now to stick on your feet.
Brandy's is open every day from 9 to 9 Sundays 10 to 5 and you'll find them in the same great location they've been doing people's feet right for about 5,000 years.
12,19 or federal highway in Pompadabeech it's always worth a trip no matter where you are.
And all this week at Brandy's it's a great time to buy new balance shoes.
All men's and women's new balance styles are 20% off this week at Brandy's in prestigious Pompino Beach.
5 and local, this is 5 cities.
The radio's on your side.
Q&M!
Have a penis. I've never had one. I swear.
Never made it as a wise man. Got thrown in prison for a penny stealing.
Made friends with the inmates. Though they can't get touch it feeling me I don't know now.
Then behind me.
A warm love then behind me.
Thinking up to my can. A warm love then behind me.
Thinking up to my can. In the shower, the story.
A truck is open, you'll be sorry. Hey man there. Not faking.
The referee you for, little love making. It's so wrong. You've been down.
To grab the soap then they've been show bottom. They like me when I'm wet.
Prison life been a been fun. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. They've been fun. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
They've been fun. Yeah.
Welcome.
1017 and 560. Nobody QM. Happy Thursday to you.
Yeah. Baby this is the place man. This is where it's at. South Florida.
It's a paradise. Make no mistake about that.
34 votes. Over the years has been the worst chronic on the show. 34 votes for the mighty con guy.
Reverend Jones 29. Dennis the professional Catholic and Ojampa Vodka tour 28.
Gilbert 27.
17. Everybody else single. This is including Woody who's only got eight.
I think he ranks higher than that. Don't you affect? I vote. I voted for Woody.
If you add up all the years and numbers of calls. Andy from Hollywood 8,
Mitch from the video store 7, Greg from Port St. Lucie, etc. 7,
who hasn't faxed me today and I feel really pissed off.
Gil Segal KAT 3.
Oh hi there, Neil. I did this. I'll see you off. Talk about the brothers.
I'm going to jump in a Columbus house. I mean, I'd be having a guest on the year.
We'd be talking about maybe something even worthwhile, you know, which didn't happen very often.
And not that it happens anymore. But I'm right in the middle of the conversation about whatever the topic was.
Oh hi there, Neil. Right? I just got to see go.
Lied Mike too and the guy with the eyes got a vote. I'm a team voted from so just we've not left out.
What's it library? He never used to being lonely. Wouldn't you think?
That's since his men. Mom passed.
Why did now? Why do you say something like that? Well, I actually said we liked her. She was a pit.
But that was a long time ago, right? Well, why do you say something like that?
That's just so she's the only talk to you. It's so tacky. It's just grotesque.
George said, by the way, I didn't say it. What's all his name? Ken. Ken.
I think I think it's Ken. Now you're right. We could have put Ken block on there, especially after he faxed this.
That good information the other day, but nobody knows who that is. A lot of the.
This is South Florida for all your visitors out there where our middle name is.
Is that. Here's Voke. Hello. Hey, how you doing?
Okay. Did you say how both team was moved up the first class? Yeah.
Does that mean his fat ass sitting in a coat seat? How does that work?
Yeah, that's a good point. Never thought about that. I'll tell you one thing.
They sure did a couple of people a big favor. Doesn't he make enough money that he get a board like a first class fee?
Not anymore. Not since all of his ex-wives have been suiting him and he had to pay all these settlements for all these other things that are going on.
Well, if I had to pay George every now and again too, you know, George and him are included.
There could be one surprise me. One of your fans out there, George.
Obviously. 567 was probably Jay that sent me that idiotic facts about how come I'm not talking about they're faded the Buffalo Sabre?
Because I'm not in Buffalo and it's not a sports show. You got the message, Jay? God.
Here's one from a Tim Pots again. I'm not interested. Tim, you bug me.
Okay. Chronic Factor. Tim, get a life and your comedy bits suck.
Was it his comedy or did he do songs? I forget what the hell his thing was.
I don't recall. And we don't want to recall. We want to forget. We're trying to forget you, Tim.
We're trying to like do a self lobotomy where you just like take your finger like Greg Read always does.
You stick it in that big hole and you're hitting like find that one spot where you are etched in there and you like pick it out like a booger.
Huh? Like a booger from your brain. That's what you do. You pick it out and you toss it like that's it off against the wall.
And then you say I forgot Tim Pod. Here's Pinecrest. Hello.
Mara Ran.
Delray B. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir.
Neil, I'm so excited to talk to you. I have so many things to say. I'll be as brief as I can.
Well, thank you. Don't be brief. Take all the time. First of all, I was born and raised in South Florida.
I have the luxury to say I'm leaving this town and ain't telling you where your list is.
Where I'm going because I'm like getting these assholes to follow me. I mean, I mean that from the bottom of my heart.
Real quick, Neil, you have brought such joy to me and these people, the snowbirds, they have no idea what they got down here.
Here's a wack that analogy. You know, have you ever seen the footprints in the sand that that thing in the walls? It's a religious thing.
And the guy dies and he dreams.
Jesus Lord, how come every time the lowest part of my life there's only one set of footprints? That's you, Neil, to me.
Meaning every time my life sucks, every time I broke, every, you know, I turn you on and you make me laugh at being hard at some believable.
So I wanted to thank you. I'm being serious. Now enough of that such a two, two, two burning questions as I leave this town.
Yes, who is the sound that goes? Oh, and the other one is that goes why? No.
No, no, no, no, no, Larry King. One is Larry King. No, and the other one is like, no, no.
The other one is what? That was the one. No, no. That one?
And I don't really, yes, that was that one. I don't think you want to answer to my question. You just keep going.
Okay, you're going to keep going. I'm going to tell you, but you obviously don't care. Go ahead.
I'm sorry. And the other one is the old man, which is the opposite. You're a gunna hell is that?
I'm got spuff a little bill. Silence of the lambs. Oh my goodness. Well, buddy, I made it. I'm leaving town and I'm going to wait for you.
I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you.
I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you.
I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you.
I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait for you. I'm going to wait
for you. Because I will not do this all year. There isn't a chance in hell that I'm going to sit here for four and four more years begging for people to say something every day. It's not a talk show.
And every time I take one of those pools which I probably shouldn't do, because I enjoy
it, it's a lot of work but it doesn't bother me.
Quite a hurry that bitch had called you a couple weeks ago.
I don't even see the cap out.
Is it too much work?
No, it's not too much work.
I just got to feeling this audience didn't want that.
They don't want to hear somebody reading on the ear for four hours every day.
They want to hear a telephone talk show with a bunch of goofballs calling.
We can't even get that.
We can't even get that out of you people.
Because this town gives the yield nothing.
They will give you nothing except my grain and big hemorrhoids.
How's the hemorrhoids, Ma?
Here's my me lake.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, buddy?
Okay.
Hey, you left your lip there of the pool.
Yeah.
The Chris Wish guy.
The what?
The Chris?
Yeah.
Okay.
Hi, him.
Not interested, Spic.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello?
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
I wanted to comment about the woman who was standing in front of you at the stadium.
Let you know the last phone call was talking about the legalities of whether or not they
could do something.
You're absolutely right.
If something should be done and could be done because you'll see on the back of any
ticket you buy in Arena, it's a you are a guest of the Arena.
You are a guest of the promoter.
Right.
And they have a right to take that back at any period of time for any reasons.
Of course.
If you're a guest of the arena, you're creating a disturbance of any kind, they should remove
you immediately.
That's right.
And they have a right to just let you know that they absolutely do.
Maybe now we know why that guy isn't an usher anymore.
Have a great day, pal.
Hey, Karen.
Thanks for your oral support.
Over the years, who's been the worst chronic on the show, the Maddacon guy, 39, Dennis,
the professional Catholic, 33, Gilbert, 31, Reverend Jones, 30, anybody don't know Reverend
Jones who's got 85 different voices now.
You're gay.
Yeah, that's him.
Eddie, 20, and everybody else, single digits.
Everybody else is sucking hind wind.
And you know, I see I don't want to be so bitchy, but I'm sure it's from being here.
You're right.
I'm in a much better mood when I'm in Toronto because for example, this log, whoever this
Mb is at MP and whatever, what is her name?
Michelle Michelle.
Now she a nice person, sweetheart, incompetent.
Incomponent.
Where's the water Nazis?
She on vacation or something?
No, she's here.
Well, if she's here, then how come the log is said?
How come MP keeps making these additions?
Why don't the water Nazis straighten her out?
This woman couldn't do a log if you stuck it.
Uzia Paras.
She keeps putting that.
Why didn't she just put the same spots all back to back?
And the sad part of it is nobody in this place cares.
Nobody cares here.
See, when I'm in Toronto, I just, I'm removed from this, see?
So I don't have to be surrounded by this, by the feeling like, I don't know, like I've
just having a world around in a big cow pile.
You know, that's how that's the feeling you get.
You want to go and run and take a shower real quick.
It's like encountering the crow in a hallway.
Well, I mean, that stench, that cashmere bouquet or whatever it is.
Let's find out what brand of talcum powder he bathes in every morning.
At least he takes a bath.
That's a good start.
You know, another good year has gone by or another bad year, whatever it was for you,
and it may not be all that great if you're still underpaid and stuck in a really crappy
dead end job.
If your new year's resolution is to get you a high-paying career and get out of that
horrible dead end, call fast train right now.
They'll help you do it.
Call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
If you enroll now, you can be certified on the way to a new high-paying career by April.
What was that thing about April Levine and that website and about people getting viruses
in their computers?
You see that?
Oh, what is keeps saying April?
For April Levine?
Yes.
Because that's what that stands for.
That means.
Avril is April.
I see.
Speak.
Yes, if you can commit to the United States of Week Fast Train, you can have your Certified
as a computer professional by Avril April.
So call fast train, tool free at 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
Fast Train offers job placement easy financing day and out of weekend classes.
Fast Train's got four convenient locations and by the way, she's not Jewish.
Four convenient locations in Miami, Kindle, Fort Lauderdale, and Pembroke Pines.
It's with a G, Levine with a G.
It's one simple call to be on your way to New Exciting Career.
Say goodbye to your dead end boss and your dead end crappy paycheck and get you a real
career in the computer industry where a lot of guys are making the big bucks.
Call fast train right now at 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
1-866-FAST-TRAIN or check them out on that wicked web.
I was just speaking about only moments ago.
Maybe Avril Avril will be on her too.
Is she a teenager?
Fast?
She's not.
Are you telling me she's hot?
Yes, she is.
Avril Avril?
She's like one step away from her music.
I like her music.
She's like Christina Aguilar, I feel like.
Wait, one or two more slices of cheese.
Oh.
Oh.
Or check them out on the web at fasttrained.com.
We're sports radio 560-UAM.
That rich reminds me of my mother.
I love her.
I love her.
But what about the food?
I love her.
I love her.
I love her.
I love her.
I love her.
I love her.
I love her.
I love her.
I love her.
I love her.
I love her.
I love her.
I love her.
I love her.
I love her.
I love her.
I love her.
I love her.
I love her.
I love her.
I love her.
I love her.
I love her.
I love her.
I love her.
And that's it.
I love her.
I love her.
I can't wait to see you.
I know you know me.
Q.A.M. So here's the facts and I hate to do this because Eric's gonna get really all bad out of shape again. It was a fever unusual, but
It says
How can you possibly omit? Oh, this is rich factor. Oh, no wonder no wonder. He remembered you know fat rich reminds me my mother that voice Paul Harvey Jr
Paul Harvey Jr
He's got to be on there. Sorry about that. Ericka. You got to add him on I bet you'll move up the left
I know rich factor of those forms
Find somebody else's computer
Here's a fact that said did you happen here the color on Moe show they talked about you know because I don't listen to Moe show
Don't you understand I have my CDs I listen to my music
The caller stated you talk about mode during most of your show then Moe said he knows that if you were to take out all the bits on Moe
You'd have about five minutes of airtime left. He said Moe even mentioned Bokobrine
I have one thing to say about all this jealousies of bitch
They all suck and Moe wishes he dreams about having the ratings you have
This is one female Cuban spick who loves you to death keep up the good work in conclusion
Drop the colors they all blow as she says well. I wouldn't say they all blow but an awful lot pretty weak today pretty weak this week
Going through another one of these cycles man just like dog food this time we go through these cycles over and over and over and over again
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Here's our first lady of the day in West Palm Beach hello
Hey, Neil. Hi, I was at the game last night. I was in 402
And I found that the people who sit upstairs are actually a little bit more into hot
Yeah, then you have to deal with downstairs
You know I'm fucking think I don't know. I've never set upstairs. I have no idea
I don't know why that should make a difference
But we had a great time. I will I will say this that the people who sit upstairs most of them buy their own tickets
The people downstairs most of those are corporate tickets and a lot of these jackasses that show up and get those tickets
Didn't pay for them. We don't care what's going on and have no consideration for anybody who does
The regulation
And what an unbelievable overtime
Fedorov gets a breakaway a coslog gets a breakaway hits the post and then finally Detroit wins which unit was gonna happen
But why the perfect pass from Jason. Well, I know don't don't rub it in. Yeah
Thanks, what's with the phone that today the sound huh? That was her phone. No, no
I've noticed that on several calls don't start getting argumentative mister
I'm not damn it
No, seriously the quality of the calls today. I'm talking about technical the rest of it goes with the territory
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line 43 votes for mighty Colin that guy
So far Dennis the professional Catholic 37 Reverend Joe slip a little bit after a strong start
He's tied with Gilbert with 33
Eddie 22 and Woody 12 everybody else including although Greg from Port St. Lucie's moving up the ladder a little bit slowly
He's gotten young no fast from in today. They'll Greg Greg. You know, I can't believe that
Didn't I extend the hand of friendship yesterday? I
Think I really did spite of his
Pestering and just bugging and nattering whatever that means
Maybe this fax is from Greg. What do you think? No, it is
Can you and I do there's my psychic powers again as as I was saying that the fax was coming over the machine as I was saying that
Is that spectacular or what? Am I?
An old fart or what
I think there's two pages oh two pages the order took him so long. That's why it took him so long
Dear Neil
I'm offended to be part of today's pull when I think of the meaning of the worst chronic
I would tend to think that was someone who has way too much free time in their hands
Well, obviously he doesn't to write a two-page fax like this in the middle of a work day
Which I already admitted to have been six to eight years ago
These people called you up with nothing of substance they want to hear themselves on a radio
They want to irritate for no other reason except to validate their existence
Years ago when I lived in the toilet, Broward County. I wasn't very happy with my life
I hated my job back then it was a form of a skip to be on your show
You know what though? I was smart enough to get out of that little shmit hole of a town
Or he says shot hole about seven years ago a town where the population is so out of control
A town where you have road rage every time you're in your car the traffic is so awful
I wanted to put a gun to my head and the people driving down there made it that much worse
Just tried driving on university drive now compared to 10 or 15 years ago
You have 80-year-old people driving in a coma sitting on three phone books to see over the steering wheel
Who by the way get their licenses renewed by mail without a driving test for six years by the way Greg
That's a topic for a future fax
Anyway
You know something see we sold we sold him short, you know
I got a hand it to Greg
Tara he's one of those people not good on the year, but great on the fax machine
It says anyway may not be paradise but up here in Port Seyland
Lucy the people are friendly or most know how to speak English
I'm very happy married to a beautiful woman in Vegas by the way and on my own business
On other words, I got married in Vegas
Like George and Joe Castella
I don't need your show to what being escaped. I'm out there out of there for good
As far as the meaning of words chronic clearly that wouldn't be someone who has an opinion
A person that doesn't just call up to either kiss your ass or just attempt to get you riled up
I call it like I see it
Good or bad you can take it and I've always appreciated that but I don't appreciate being in a pool for worst chronic
How about best chronic
Oh that that's like that's like saying what was the best vow of diarrhea you ever had in your life, you know
Right as opposed to saying the worst diarrhea. What was the best diarrhea you ever had my favorite head injury was that
What was the what was the sweetest smelling fart that anybody ever blew any elevator when you were in there huh
I mean it says um
How about the best chronic that in my mind would definitely be fine with me
How can I be in a group of the bunch of freaks?
Well it seems to me I could be wrong
But some of these freaks he was concerning with like Andy from Hollywood and Gilbert and the guy with the eyes, uh
Greg
Most of them wait on hold to yell three or five stupid words and then hang up. I can't be compared to that
I have tapes buried away of my calls and faxes from seven or eight years ago that are four more interesting than anything
I'm hearing at the present time
People need equipping afraid to talk to you. You mean like Greg read like Greg read who comes anywhere in browbeats
George all the time make sure that I make sure that my cars not down there that the coast is clear
You know what I think I'm gonna start doing
I'm gonna go down here. I'm gonna take my car and park over like by the BP gas station
And I'm gonna walk back and sneak back in
And I'm gonna sit in the corner over there where I can't be seen through the glass window
And when Greg comes in here to start browbeating you I'll open up that door and I guarantee you he'll have a how far to attack right there in the room
Let me know when you're gonna do that so I can bring my camp here. He will pass out right on the floor
Because that man don't have the balls to speak to me
All the time after I'm gonna come sit here browbeating George about stuff that has nothing to do with George that George has no control over the George didn't do
But it's easy to pick on George because he's a
A living you know
Quizzling look exactly very well said a little quizzling a little dwarf
Greg goes on to conclude here. Thank God just because a person doesn't agree with you
You'll still usually let them speak without hanging up
So grow some balls and open up your mind. It's just a voice on the other end of the phone. I can't hurt you. It can't hurt you
Why always talking to the people out there the pussies P.S. Please you move me for them pull well no
But excellent the facts today Greg outstanding
Not as good as yesterday's where he made the very good point. What was the good point he made yesterday
About what was it about it was it was an excellent point. I mean it couldn't have been that good that I forgot already, but it was it was fair
Five six and you got ten votes now Greg. Oh you're moving up. Don't kid us. Everyone of those votes gives you like stimulation
Make no mistake about it
20 to 11 at 560 WQM Joe rose the little dog for the mad dog
They want to clock it and hang from the crystal palace and Bahamas
This afternoon between three and seven. How does he get all those tough assignments?
And by the way did I mention yet today that Hank hates Moe like poison?
Hey, listen for the new year do it yourself and your back a big favor because one of the things about the way you feel is that sleeping every night has a
tremendous amount with the way you feel all day the following day
And if you want to get yourself a great night sleep tonight and for months and years to come the way to do that is get a great mattress
How do you do that you make one simple easy call even a simple thing can do it
Just call well even a train monkey can do it just call one 800 mattress MATT RES
They'll have you sleeping like a baby all year long
The automatically is curi celi cert a Simmons King Corle and every size and style when you call one 800 mattress
You'll be speaking with an expert bed and consultant who can recommend the perfect bed for you and your back
They have what you want exactly the mattress you're looking for in stock
No phony sales no bait and swish like those department and betting stores
And then when you order that new bed from the automatically is I guarantee you they'll have it there on time the very same day that you call if you like
And you get to choose the date and time when it's convenient for you instead of sitting on your ass all day long praying
That somebody might show up they pride theirself on their 99% on time record
Which is just one reason why they're ranked first for overall customer satisfaction
So to what the smart people here at QAM which is Miguel George and I have done sleep on a mattress from
dial amatric and kick in the new year with a gift for your back column right now toll free
1 800 MATT RES be sure and tell them that crusty old Neil told you to call
1 800 MATT RES for dial amatric the perfect way to start off the new year
This is for 20 or 560
QAM
For two guys
Everybody is a good high G
I know a way to keep your hands clean
In public toilets with your whole tooth
Take up your leg and flush with your shoe with your good flushes
Oh
I
Can't
They ain't something that you're on the squeeze
If you don't want to catch the crabs or
Just use your foot and you'll be ready to take my foot flushes
You put your foot flushes
You put your foot flushes
You put your foot flushes
Touch with your shoes
You're up left seat
And for today
I
Watch your hands before you touch
Or watch it after it don't matter much
You in it by way should be good enough
Now this you use your foot whenever you touch
Good
Lush
Dush
Yeah, John and Mike work we spoke about leave on thank you anyway, but we spoke about
Then we speak about it. Yeah, thanks anyway, John and Mike work your can our book
To the show starts at nine and I realize especially where we're sitting like John and Lake worth
He should be listening at nine right up till one of you did
When you think meditually is a matter of fact there were many people talking him told me last night that the most exciting
Humanit's in radio are the crossover between like a 59 and like a 902 or three
Between Moe and yours true. Yeah, they tune into here what I'm gonna say
See before I guess they were tuning into here whether it was gonna be ginger Rogers
Which I guess he's dropped that now that he's being very civil and trying to suck around a little bit
In addition, which that business is talking about me every day now, which I just fine with me. I don't care
But it's just because the football seasons over they got no material anymore
See what I'm saying. What are you saying?
Football seasons over we lost what are we gonna do Jimbo? What are we gonna do? Are we cursed down here?
Oh, by the way the answer to that question is yes, we are so Greg follows up with another facts
And why no he's responding to my question to my Alzheimer's how can you forget yesterday's point the current state of your station
Compared to incredible flow from the 12 hours of work in South Newland Phil from music or that we'll never see again very
Very good Greg thanks for the reminder. How could you forget that the flow
We used to have the flow now we got the old
blow
Mo and mo
We got mo blow and less flow very sad I like the supreme's
5 6 7 0 5 why do you play that bit all the time? I hate that bit
I heard you playing that again one whenever I turn it on for like two minutes. It's a long the supreme. Oh, that's a good point
Kill some great time here's crawl springs. Hello
Good morning. Yes sir. When is the Astuia?
When is the I'd like to thank you and and all of the chronic for giving me all the laughs over the years
Ten years of listening to you. Mm-hmm. You're welcome. The price was right too. Oh, it sure was
I worked out here in crawl springs and an aesthetics vehicle
I've been with the company 17 years. Yes, and for 10 years of listening to you you make my day because the day goes much smoother
But I like to uh, did you say they go?
No, the
Watch it. Okay. I will watch it
I'd like to share something from this morning though
I'm on my way to work this morning and I agree with you. It's not the place
Here is the people. It's beautiful day out. It's blue skies
Lovely weather, but the people that sometimes make you shake your head right? I'm on my way to work this morning
I'm on the turnpike coming south and this lady next to me flies by me in this white car on her cell phone
Obviously she's not really paying attention. Right. She's dangerous to everybody else
So I flow down and let her go and I go about my business, but as I come up to the toll plaza
There's a car and it ends up that it's actually her she passed
Where she had to grab the ticket to pay her toll
She had to get out of the vehicle
Walk back to the toll plaza grab the ticket and then we wanted to proceed
Right behind her
Right behind her was a man in the car. He was a bit about 90 years old and he had
He had pulled over too far to the right of the toll plaza and couldn't reach the ticket
They made such a traffic jam that everybody started harping the horns and going crazy and I just
Like I do every day. I just
Shuck my head and so this is South Florida. Yeah, just shut your head
Take care of him. Have a nice day. You like pally. Why?
And you're like that he got a toofr
He got two incompetent old parts for the price of one. Oh, yesterday or Tuesday
I think I mentioned this as I was driving him on me south. I think I mentioned it the
500-year-old guy that was driving they're coming the other way and sterling road on the cell phone
This guy under the under ideal circumstances on an empty road with him being the only vehicle on the road for a
600-mile stretch still shouldn't be on the road couldn't drive his finger up his ass and he's on the cell phone
Hey, how you doing? Hi me what's going on? What are the odds on the game tonight? You know that kind of stuff
Maybe just talk calling any K. I don't know
But good God what is going on here?
And then of course you can't say anything because then you're picking on old people
You know like Joe Castello always chastises me for in fact
He said that at the game last night said are you still picking on those old parts? He didn't say that
He was talking about biggest and about this and about that and better be better
He just you know you're right about him. He's a little on the stubborn side
That's great. It's uh, which is really good because he married a young lady who's also is a stubborn as a brick wall
So between the two of them kid wouldn't you like to be a flying a wall in the kitchen and here's some of those discussions
They're walking floor show. It's great
Here's Margate. Hello. Dale. Yes, sir
You forgot one of the worst chronics of all time. Okay. Mr. G
Oh, yes, oh
Very very good. Sir outstanding and what reminded me of him was put it on here immediately Eric. Please Mr. G
Thank you. Yes, what reminded me of him recently was that Greg followed you over to pop in O Park
Uh-huh. Didn't Mr. G pull that back in the day too. Oh sure
Boy, nothing worse than games. I didn't appearance at the some one of those condo complexes
But I was still in new condos or something and he showed up there and he takes his shirt off
Which is an ugly side by the way. I didn't want to see and he started running around and putting on a floor show and everybody's looking in like get the butterfly net
You know, if you had a drink in his hand. Yeah, cigarette. Uh-huh. That's him. Thanks
Um, so listen you're gonna be doing play by play and crows gonna be doing color. No, crow crow's gonna be the color man
B-Y-E. See you
Ah
Oh, here we go. Here's now today today. He's Jim the little scratchy writing. You know Jerry Jim
I don't read your faxes Jerry or whatever your name is also Tracy Foster aka Joey
Don't waste our fax paper either because you're an idiot
See sent me stuff sucking up to me where I get it. What's the point? What is the point? You're just a misfit Joey
Tracy Foster whatever your name is a little right winged misfit. Maybe you can look with Miss drudge that would be a good match
She's got a nice outfit, Miss drudged. She cleans. She sent that blue dress to the cleaners. I hear
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. That's what Lynn told me
She said you ought to see her outfit
Here's Davie. Hello
Hey, yeah, yes, sir. How's it going excellent? Listen on the side
Yeah, little figures and then it calls them in kind of weak
This whole week. Yeah, I sort of noticed it too. Yeah, pretty weak. Yeah, I just made
Yeah, I think maybe you have something to do with since the majority of cars come from big hurricane fans
And maybe that you know the majority of calls come from big hurricane fans
You know, you know most of the cracks
We don't have we don't have five hurricane fans in this audience
I'm a hurricane like I said there's one. There's one. I love you nearly and my son
He's another country. Benny called about Chris Bush and
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 he had a sock over the phone obviously when he were little spick friends the cruise out
See I told you they'd be upset that we left them off the pole
Very very upset too bad you guys lose your bunch of Schmidt heads, okay
And the only guys in town the only Hispanics in the phone book whose name is Schmidt
263 votes on a poll so far the worst chronic of all time they might a cone guy 48
Dennis the professional Catholic and rabble rouser and trouble a maker and Oja Prabhakator
Dennis O'Donovan whatever his name is 42 Reverend Jones 41
Gilbert 36
Eddie 28 Greg from Port St. Lucia good news for a great year all the way up to 16
woody 13 and then it's single digits mr. G just one honor don't have any votes here, but I'm sure he will
I'm like as soon as I get home he will
Here's Coral Springs hello
Hi good morning, yes sir
Changed the topic a little bit I need you help after four years having a dish
My condo commando decided illegal now
This anything we can do he said what is illegal?
It's illegal to have a dish and the condominium of course agrees. Oh a dish. Yeah, I've had a like this, but he's full of crap
What can I do about I would say call a lawyer because call one of those
And Jew lawyers were the same two names of those commonly co-in-co and co-in-co
What I bet you the satellite companies themselves know about that and have some information that they can yeah, help you
But he's still gonna need a lawyer sure
Because the having some information is gonna just do it by itself. Yeah congress passed the act that said that they can't do that
That was like two years ago. I think I don't know what the number is nor do I really care because I have 85 dishes
See even a goi-mar learning that's always good to have two separate dishes
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60
On the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Let's see rarely do we like to wish you statements by bababa. This is from the Cooksville police department about the dog
Uh, I know the author now this this was already in the story that I read thank you very much for this fact
But it was already in the story that I read thank you and it's his I love dogs and so do I
Oh, but you're so anti cop yeah, I'm anti cop that blow away dogs that I just used their weapons
Indiscriminately blow away people like the way you were telling that story the other day about the woman who called in she was being attacked in a home
So you about that today. It happened just last week and she so she's goes to the kitchen gets a knife to try to protect yourself from this lunatic
Caused the cops the cops shows up. She goes to the door opens it up because she's got a knife in her hand. He blows her away. Shoot her
Don't ask questions just shoot first ask questions later with the awake
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T now I want to say this
I don't want to like you know play butch boss with this audience today
But the performance of the audience today and tomorrow will determine what happens on Monday
Whether we go back to periodicals on audio and just you know cut off the phone again worked for me for seven or eight months
I loved it. Yeah, even though you don't believe that I was fine
It was like I felt like I was doing something positive
I mean obviously it was a waste of time
But at least it was a waste of time that I enjoyed doing and I felt like I was being productive and passing along some of it
Information as opposed to sitting here and begging and pleading something you know
There's something wrong with you people man. You're just about to take her's
It's like those people at the hockey games
I'm not impressed with that all these people come up to me. Oh, we love your show it for 20 years
Great. Well, give me a call when that word desperate here. Okay. Talk about what happened there last night
Have something to say about something
Can't do a can you no didn't think so
Man this place whoo you think I'm going to be here for two months. You really believe that no
I don't now don't you think I had the best of intentions about that sure I do
But that was my absolute positive intention to be here for two months for january and February
I would mind be it's waiting through six feet of snow to be honest with you
As
As opposed to to I mean the weather here right now is paradise. It's great. Love it
got that cool
Reason here
Nice and crisp it almost makes you feel alive until you look around and see where you are but
But other than that man the people we did that if we need a people transplant
We're putting on a call right now for a people transplant for south Florida plays were begging you
We want to replace about 50 or 60 percent of this town with some new blood most of the people we need to bring in under the age of 100
There's a good start. Oh
And even a few who speak English which we don't want to get too carried away
If you ever been presented with an opportunity when you should have cut a wood or done something
But didn't do it while here's a deal for you should take advantage of right now
There was an incredible fanny main mortgage rate out there at 3.45 percent
This rate's available by calling financial group tool free
1809 4053
63 if you were to compare a 7 percent rate with 3.45 percent you'd save $3500 in the first year alone for each 100,000 you owe
A hundred thousand bucks is only four hundred and forty seven bucks a month
This is an opportunity that won't last long
It's a 40 year low. So if you're thinking about refinancing or buying a home do it call financial group at 1 800 nine four oh
53 63 the process is simple and the call is free
1 800 nine four oh LED and D financial group has been an equal housing lender to thousands of borrowers of the fanny main
Program credit restrictions do apply and rates of something to change if you delay
5.34 APR call financial group right now while you're thinking about it and when in doubt check it out
1 800 nine four oh
Oh
David's a bitch coming up tonight on inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
We take it good hard stiff look and to start him
They came from Jacksonville to determine to change the way people felt about southern rock
Since nobody give a crap about southern rock in the first place they easily accomplished their goal
They were 38 special
Sure we was riding high back in 81 and it was sweet 38 special lead singer
Donnie vanzan and even without the success we're still out there playing for the fans
That's why we do it if I can meet some of them fans now
I'd like to tell them that they're the only thing it's keeping us from packing it in you're in luck Donnie
We've got some of your fans right here
You hold me and I'm doing fine. We know all the words to all your songs. Well now I'm touched hold on loosely
Don't let go
Rock man
You're out there man doing what you're doing for people like us. Oh, yeah, I guess that's true
That is so
Amazing man whoa man. Oh, what why? Oh
God
It's over man. I'm sorry everybody. I think it's all
Well our work here is done
It's a big juicy shopping wet look at your business tonight on inside the vine
Yep, my work is done remember that guy 1102 at 560 WQAM 567 0560 we got about 40 50 open lines
pound 560 only AT&T and Verizon line
Here's a call from Miami Beach. Hello
Miami Beach
Must be gone. Here is now they were actually there. They were just too late plus a bad hum job on it line
Here's another one we got to put on their Eric. Sorry once again. Why do we keep apologizing? You know, I mean that's part of his thing
shoe Steve on your chronic list shoe Steve
Haven't heard from him in a long time. Thank the Lord. Thank you. God goodness
shoe Steve
Here's a fact that says being obese at age 20 can cut up to 20 years off a person's life with the biggest impact
on black men according to yet another study that underscores the long term dangers of being
overweight fat
The research appears in the yesterday's journal the American Medical Association was released today after another study that said being fat at 40
Shortens of person life by at least three years
But at 20 up to 20 years of shortening and your life too. Well, that's bad man
Bad news that fat
George is making some soup. I'm not eating today
No lunch. I may be over to pizza locked a little bit later on
With rumour for a free meal
5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line
Here's Hollywood. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi there. I'm trying to make a parody with the
Donald McKinnells and the Michael Eisner phone call using Mo Howard. Did you give me a suggestion? Should I make a guilty?
being the
Here's a call from Tampa. Hello
Tampa
Not there
Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Hi. Okay. Let's have a question. I need your expertise
Um, I'm gonna band and the drummer band. He's a swinger
I know something you might be question for George, but wait your expertise will be required here just bear with me for a second
They're heavily into the lifestyle. That's fine. And I'm a very liberal guy, you know, and
Anyways, they're always picking up couples and you know, doing their thing and he comes out and so this a little while back
They um, he's performed all sex on then several times and he enjoys it
Yeah, let me go to understand that he doesn't think he's gay. Yeah, and he says it like in he was at this case like, you know
I don't like men. I don't want them to touch me but why because they just have a fascination with the penis. Yeah
And um, so how was it? What's that? I said, how was it?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon live. We got many open lines and like I said before today tomorrow
I don't think we're gonna be having any calls on Monday. I think we're gonna be taking any calls starting Monday. Looks like they want that
That obviously their lack of response. He indicates to me that they want to go back to the good old days of periodicals on audio
Neil reads for four hours because the phone is so distressing and so pathetic and so weak
And again, I come on here. I do a heartfelt tirade for God a knows how long this morning and and the first guy we spotted and that was basically it
And then we had the other asshole who tells me he's to be a security guard and or an usher or whatever and they people can do whatever they want
And that's it
They just don't give a flying puck in this town. They don't care
Tampa again. Hello
Yeah, sir. How you doing? Okay, happy New Year's year. See you sir. Long time
Listen, I just call to tell you that the war anymore because all your problems are solved
I'm over here and I've worn Tampa driving. I've already news time which I haven't seen signs in a long time
And this one says if you have any problems, I'll solve it. Signed God. Uh-huh. So we're all safe now. So
Like you know, there's no more problem. Yeah, good. Okay. Thanks for the good news pal. Don't call us again
5670560 pound 560 on the ATT. Thank you. I've got for Greg's faxes. I'll tell you that
Certainly we're one of the highlights of the show today and probably oh, here's the Orioles spring training schedule
Anybody want to hear it? No, I might read it a little bit later on if things get slow
Here's Miami. Hello
Hey, Uncle Dick Ruff. What is it?
Didn't hear it. So who the hell knows what he said
Here's Hollywood Beach. Hello
Hello, new. Yes, sir
Glad to see the wheels of justice turning that South Florida on that Farrell case for 90 days and nobody cares about that either
But he's probably gonna get out there to say possibly that because they're appealing the 90 days
Right. That's right. I mean they got some nerves sticking in like Michael Mayo says whoever heard of a DIY guy
Being put in jail. Of course he forgets. I guess about the fact that he was on the wrong side of the road and killed the two people
But nevertheless
Right his body's a D. F. H. P. Right
This is only a couple lives destroyed in the process
So I promise hey Neil, I'm leaving for all day today from South Florida and I
Want to see if I ever quit size there. I need to hear eyes there one last time. Okay. You got it man
Okay, other clap new moon rules. We'll look to you
Let's see here's a facts door. Look at look at this design on this facts pretty fancy schmancy I've never seen this before
It says needles. I mean dear Neil. Most problem jealousy
One jealous resentment against arrival a person enjoying success or arrival
I thought we were supposed to be on the same station
And we're even partners in the in the time slot six to ten anyway
Jealous resentment against arrival a person enjoying success or advantage etc
We're not the success or advantage itself to mental uneasiness from suspicion or fear of rivalry on faithfulness etc
Are as in love or aims random house dictionary
Describing jealousy song comes to mind jealousy night and day you torture me jealousy. I think that was Frankie Lane
Wasn't it who's that in the doorway? Oh
It's it's so leather lungs
Get out of here. We got a show going. I don't don't bother him during the show. I'll be very very upset
I'm not in the mood today to see sales holes. Okay. What do he want? New copy
New copy for what
We whatever it is we won't do it
Now it goes on to say Mo has now decided he's going to be funny like Neil only funnier
He bombs every time he has no idea that your mind runs at 110 miles an hour and his barely breaks a 30 mile an hour speed limit
He's pathetic it says he can't afford to make himself look ridiculous have a great day signed the BUA
Man in his position can't afford to make himself look ridiculous
So we ought to remove that hairpiece immediately and the bag
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line the mitochondria is pulling away 53 professional Catholic
Dennis 47 Reverend Jones 43 Gilbert
39 and Andy 31 Gregory be pleased to know you're all the way up to 18 sweetheart
Here's Davie hello
David whatever's name is what about the conspiracy of FHP
The way they spotched it up is almost like LAPD out there. Yeah, that's what we just got to sand and
What about the uh the restaurant to promote five dollar beer drink all you want?
I mean, you know, does anybody going after them? No, I mean it's ridiculous
Just like nobody's going after the cigarette manufacturers that are killing everybody with a cigarette and just the raising the prices so we can get more tax money
Well, somebody wants a smoke at their own house. I think I'm gonna drive into your car
You know kill somebody but these bars and promote
Then all depends on what they're smoking sir. Oh, I'm sure too. Yeah, anyway
I think old howie's pissed because you know, he used to be the jet barcaster
He's got a team that sucks and there's a real team going to the playoffs. You know, you don't think that's just an accident do you?
I think that's the greatest thing since the
Probably you don't think it's just an accident that was uh that's exactly what happened
That's what I mean. That's why once he got out in New York all of a sudden the jets made this tremendous recovery
And they found Chad pennington and now they're on a way to the Super Bowl
And he's down here with a choking gagging team
Is it good that both and and and picks and picks them to lose to the Patriots which they did and I still say he put the hex on them
Mo kiss a death
If you don't believe me look at the last couple of books
5 6 7 oh forget a week from tomorrow the book comes out George
Ready why is that door keep like uh what what's is somebody on the other side of it?
Maybe it's just the breeze. I don't know. Yeah, maybe somebody's got a finesse new breeze out there. Maybe fat boy walk by in the hall
Kind of like opening a little bit a little uh was there somebody out there?
Maybe it was philous out there. That's right. She's on vacation
I told you the water. Not she was on vacation
Because uh Michelle who maybe a very nice person hasn't got a clue
She couldn't make a Lincoln log. She couldn't make a log in the lady's room
11 past 11 at 560 wqm. What's the new copy for is it one of these spots I got on today that I'm going to do right now or like
What is it? It's for florists. Oh, well, we haven't got to them yet
Well, it's a new year and everybody out there who picked out during the holidays
desperate to lose that weight
Here's a place you love shopping because it's for all of you folks who believe in low-carb diets the atkins dot all the other low-carb
No sugar diets and those pounds can be gone on a heartbeat before before you can say the lights of west bokeh
The lights is your megastore for the atkins diet or any low-carb sugar free diet
It's the place to shop good reason to join the thousands of others who travel to the lights because they've got tons and tons of goodies
There were tarar stores dedicated to you with over 600 delicious low-carb food products like their new control carb chocolate brownies in four scrumptious flavors
With only one and a half carbs
So whether it's carbolite ice cream breads chips muffin cheesecakes pasta sauces
Delicous-wess bokehs the place and you can sample before you buy you can try before you buy it
And you'll discover what you like they have an knowledgeable staff open seven days a week from 10 to 10
And they carry the most complete line of atkins brand products in the world. They're always
25% off all day every day
And I'm sure you're hearing about them a lot of talk again about the atkins that because they discovered guess what it really works
So head for the number one low-carb sugar free store in the world the lights of west bokeh
I'm the northeast corner of blades in 441 is where you'll find them right next to Boston market or call tool free
One eight seven seven low carb or check them out of the web at lowcarb.com
My and low-carb this is 4356
Way can way
Yeah
Bretton and say cheese
On the town in old Iraq
Santa who say try to beat the clown
For hot news it will pick cash
Who knows what his guy didn't and his mustache
Small box and antifracts
Got a few cans and that uranium he bought from friends
He made his angry. Yeah, it's just a tan. Let's give him a light so he can see back that it's an American bomb
It's an American bomb
We'll stop a monster down till he comes for his mom. It's an American bomb
It's an American bomb
To keep your oil warm
We didn't want to be a foe but now you need some more of these American bombs
It's an American bomb
It's an American bomb
It's an American bomb
Ever swole an American bomb
1115 at 560 WQAM
54 votes for the muddy cone guy
Dennis the professional Catholic is right on his ass with 52
I bet your father O'Toole's gonna be nervous about that
During the Dennis's right on the muddy cone guy's ass
Reverend Jones 45 speaking of that Gilbert 39
80 33 and Greg is almost in the 20s 19
Mark van der Merley former voice of the uhuracons was just in
He's on vacation here like visiting his dad who's 70th birthday tomorrow happy birthday. I'll still believe
We're doing real good with the Houston Texans bad to see me. He's a real good Dutch boy good man
A lot of fun working with him here and then of course you see what we got now well
Here's a fact from Jane who says destroy the cops shooting the dog is absolutely revolting humans have some nerve calling animals animals
Right good point Jane?
Forgot to wish you and George and the folks who help you out there happy new year happy new year George and all the folks who help us out
Carlos I guess that's it though. It's ready to off to really off to a pretty crappy started says and I forgot to mention that George
Didn't do so bad while you were going while he got um when he got all pissed off and fired up about his wife's doctor
He started to get interesting and it was great to hear suds your miss the days back at W. I. O. D
Miss Mike Rineri also remember a rock you went play the bow and did the blah blah
PS
Concerning the FBI guy you can't but can't convict a cop in this country of anything
How about the cops in your city you shot the guy about 45 times none of them were convicted at all good point Jane
I'm a do the yellow
Don't start don't stop with your anti cop tirades George is going to be driving this SUV on a way along you license plate number
So all you pour through that there can be on a lookout give him a whole bunch of tickets
Here's the fact that says you had a car yesterday who was 23 asked how much you're along how much younger your listeners could get
I'm 19 and I fact and called you a number of times
I might even younger years and I met you and rimmer on several occasions
I'm going to school in Orlando and listen to you religiously on the internet to work daily
I'll get right to the point it says you belong with my own intelligence has turned me away from organized religion and my Roman Catholic upbringing
Excellent good news. Oh, Dennis's upset
It amazes me at my young age that so much of this country in the world for that matters walking so blindly through life
Living to fulfill ridiculous rules and hopes of eternal life
Last semester I composed my English term paper on the subject of the Roman Catholic Church and the priest molestations
It's five pages would be a great honor to for you to read it on the ear
But if you don't want to I understand just let me know I'll face it right over where you can face it and I'll peruse it
Maybe I'll read it on the ear one day. See what I'm saying. I probably don't have time to like peruse right now
Also you just read the article about being obesity dates 20 can cut 20 years off your life especially black men
When I arrived at school this past year I found that my roommate who I was to share a bathroom with is a 400 pound black guy aged 20
This was especially disturbing to me being a skinny white clean freak you can imagine the sites I see and the horic gives me when I have to go to the
Bowl shameless request found mouth dolphins and no can do Kenny but thanks for the nice facts can't play that no more
We don't think we can play no more we're not really sure but
I mentioned that to muff this morning that they won't tell us see that it's it's kind of like Russian roulette
It's like when you send a comedy bit we what we tried that at iod we sent a couple of things into the FCC
Oh, no, we can't rule on that now. That would be prior. We stream
So we can't tend to whether it fits the guidelines or not
Just go ahead and play it and then we'll decide then we'll find you five grand or something
And like I said at the time, and I'll say it again
It's like putting up a new super highway without putting signs of the speed limit on there
And you and you get on there and you think oh well about 65 would be good on here and then they put it over
So oh, no, that's only 50 on this road. We just decided
Why because you're going 65
Same thing
Here's Miami. Hello
Name is Neil on the ear sir. I'm sorry. Only relative is called me by that name
Yes, just real quickly. I'm sorry. I just don't do it again. I'm not impressed
The he's sorry
Where are the articles morning I read about
Al Goldstein. Yeah, I think at the
At the airport. Yes, right now. I'm not an Al Goldstein fan. I mean, I'm not either
But I will say this
And you talked about it the thing the fact that this lady is a screener a security screener. Yeah, she was brought to tears
Based on the few things that she said I feel you know she needs to be far today because if she's supposed to be screening for a terrorist the people that can hurt us
Simple comment of it if I beg you you should wear a uniform
Yeah, that's a good point. We don't need any simple ring wimps there who are like if somebody looks at them across
I'd start breaking down in tears because the tears get in the rise net about three or four bags slip through and maybe one of them
Got the big bomba in it. That's a good point exactly
So so that one and then the auto Alice still disgusting and the thing in
Quit knocking your head in there George. You got your head so far about Goldstein's ass talking about you lie so much
I do not haven't seen him in like a year
That's all because I abandoned from this joint here plus you ain't buying anymore free meals
If he invited you in crystal up for a free meal this weekend you'd be there in a hard time
Yes, you wouldn't fat rich would be right there with you no free loaders go ahead sir. I'm sorry
I'm sorry. I'm talking with free loader in there
The cop that killed all of you are making
The cop that killed the dog
I seriously can't wait to see the lawsuit. I only wish I could be on the jury. Yeah
I mean as the dog owner myself. I can't believe that I could only just imagine the insanity that that guy must have been
In addition to what stop and think about it these people weren't guilty of anything
Yeah, I mean that's the whole thing listen when I was a kid I was arrested by a dirty cop that was trying to put a charge
I mean that has nothing to do with anything, you know
Yeah, and and I've been in those shoes where all of a sudden you're pulled over like what do you mean stolen car
We talking about you know and and um it's insane and and the same guy's
With the FBI guy they watch out for their own, you know, maybe they're 15% 30 cops and maybe there's 85% good or the other way around
But the fact that there's even one bad cop and and how the system works it really sucks with the people who never did a thing wrong
I have to put up with that crap 90 days if he gets the 90 days that is 90 days for kill on two guys because he was drinking too much
And on the wrong side of the road
I'm asking those bitchhips, you know, so he'll be even you know probably 20 pounds in here
So I say say goodbye and closing
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line 54 votes for the amount of corn guy and Dennis the professional Catholic 53
They're side by each if you ask me
I think there's a blessed union going to take place there
Here's Delray Beach hello
Delray
Going once
There were not you like that sound
Here's Miami hello
Hello, Neil yes
Hey Neil all this cop talk I figured I had to call you in the first time caller shop talk
Cop talk cop talk cop talk
So yeah, I'm driving down 836 westbound just about to hit the toll booth and I see a
Messer day cop slam right into an old the cop right here lovely
Pieces flying everywhere
The amount of two you don't just want to say you guys are great. I love you. Hey George. You're awesome guys have a good good day
Okay, happy circus to you all right see you 5 6705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Here's a call from Melbourne hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today?
Don doing okay. All right. Hey, how about in the clinic on the
Board? Are we the old guy? Were you flunch packing?
Is that you that's me? Yeah, but you weren't chronic you were just the funnest
Yeah, I'm calling a long time. Yeah
Well, I thought you maybe you can put me up there. Maybe on my were you punch back and buddies could up put me up
No chance. All right. You've been through rehab. You're you're clean now. Have a great time. All right you too
See there are people who want to be on that thing
desperately that eat that funny. I wouldn't mind putting him on
Do you ever meet him? No, I
Did 350 votes on a poll lucky you. Yeah, I thought so he's pretty interesting guy
Pretty interesting young man over the years who's been the worst chronic on Neil show Dennis 50. Oh all right
Let's head. Oh man. I feel validated now. How do you like them apples? I has moved in the first place
Passingly mighty cone guy. There's no fact in the church. Right
56 for Dennis them or is that Denise?
The metacone guy 55 urban Jones 49 Gilbert 41 Greg from Port St. Lucie
Greg's all the way up to 39
Eddie
Eddie 35
AKHC whatever the hell is name is what's the name don't say it
Paul harby junior 18 how do you like that he's only been on there what about four seconds
And he's already got 18 votes
woody 13
Andy from alliwood a dozen
Mitch from the video store 10 oh
What a it's only the passage of time that allows me not to puke when I see his name
Remember that remember those days I remember I remember when he brought in the Italian iceman
brought him into the studio
Anyway
Mitch from the video store 10 at least we gave away a bunch of porn movies anyway
The guy with the eyes nine gill segal
I didn't hear right he's gill segal for the brothers like the chamber of the house
gill segal six
Blind mic five mr. g3 and she was Steve just went on there he don't have any votes yet
I think he's small potatoes i don't think he can give people this only for you we forgot another one
But i'm not even going to say it on the air give me a clue
For fear of climbing out now i'm not going to say it now
Here's open park hello i would like to concede and i want to ask the poor media
other Jones oh boy
Well if you climb down maybe somebody will help you out okay he wants to climb off the pool
Where is that thing here's open park hello yes is this mr. Rogers speaking mr. Rogers
Reverend Jones here and uh i another another phony reverend
You have a controversial you'll show today on dollars from the past what is it you're having a
controversial show on colors from the past no we're not talking about colors from the past
You're gay bits bits that you're doing sure what are you talking about you're you're playing old
No, no i'm not
I weird we we had a call a while back and i guess you did a tape and you made to some type of
A card on it i guess that's what they're telling me and we discuss not playing it on the air
What are you what are you talking about the part the gay bit sir that was one of my
Yes, sir, yeah, you appreciate to not play that
I thought you agreed the letter
Did you receive your letter sir your gay your gay
Did you receive the letters your gay your gay
Sir your gay did you receive the letters your gay they'll be a lawsuit your gay
Sir your gay no your gay sir your gay
What was he trying to say your gay oh 26 after 11 at 560 Reverend Jones is uh he's got 50 he's in a running
He's got a shot just like Jimmy said we got a shot
He forgot to doubt the eye though and then along came they've once said he did doubt the eye
Hey snow and Miami. Yes, Tom lemon and Joe Prieto at the helipondi agmc are buried the factory sent
Howlet so many cars there's no place to park them even Tom lemon had to park cars in his driveway
So need to place one in yours
Howlet is blowing out all the new vehicles regardless of profit including the Pontiac vibe
Starting at only 13,998 and up to five grand off every GMC envoy in stock plus kids 0% financing up to a
$3,000 rebate right now at the illustrious helipondi agmc
And of course howlet's also got the usual dependable selection of pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs
And if credit is a problem for you if every other car dealer falls down on the ground and laughter when they see you approaching their showroom
Have no fear because howlet will cut you deal
It's a winter blizzard emergency clearance. They're going on right now at helipondi aggmc
And you'll find them in the same spectacular location that they've been doing folks right for a very long time over 35
Long years that's 134-01 South Dixie highway US1 across from the falls open seven days awaken as always
Be sure much and you heard about them here on the near Roger show because it'll save you even more money
You can call the near Roger's
Neal deal hotline toll free at one triple eight five three four forty two eleven
He's got the word Neal and here only 72 times this spot nice go on time one triple eight five three four
Fourty two eleven for howlet Pontiac GMC and don't forget we are
Professional grade
This is for trail five sixty
one
Oh god neal
2230
2230
Some hablit
Of the source engine or a
he's fans
That pipe smoker
I'm a renaissance-size cute woman
And gave you the pink of the day
I'm a cranky homo-fold
Not that I'm minded, but I'm way too old
I fantasize about being in bed
In a trist with feet loaded, my man friend
I'll just make up with gender as some day years
And then ask them to rate my pun
No, there ain't no, but again
Welcome
Though I would not feel the most full
And I would not be ashamed
About a ginger and bogey union
Just bold and then stroking away
For me, he'll be your nut my tight
You sound like a nine-year-old kid
Only a macho-melly guy
You don't know it!
That makes me bliss my wick
If ginger was a lover of mine
I'd bury my boldest pain he knows
Inside his hip-ly rear end
No, I would not be a sport home
If I was not a closet of fame
That's why a ginger and bogey union
Would make me feel giddy and gay
Everybody follow my thousand bulls
Yeah, ginger and bogey union
Would make my sorrows bony ass feel safe
Gay
If we had a ginger and bogey union
And he wouldn't have to get me raped
It's love of 31 at 5.60 WQM
Joe Rose the little log for the mad dog at 1
Hank at 3 from the Bahamas mine
Oh brother, Crystal Palace in the Bahamas
Wanna go there?
Yeah, mine!
Not this kid
No way Jose
5.670560
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line
Here's a call from Jupiter, hello
Jupiter is gone
Hello
They're fumbling with it
They're squeezing it
Yes sir
Yeah, for next year's TV
Are you in Jupiter?
Yes sir
Okay
For next year's TV celebrity boxing
I'm requesting a match between Catherine Harris and Icturne
Here's Kendall, hello
Hello, yes sir?
How you doing?
Okay
Yeah, I wanted to talk about that idiot cop
That shot that man's dog
Yes
I mean, you get a punk a badge on the gun
And he thinks he has the right to make life and death decisions
That's exactly right
And another thing, I mean, the people that hire these cops
Don't they have some kind of competency prerequisite that they put these more on through?
No
This wasn't Tennessee you're forgetting
Oh, he'll believe you
Exactly
If they can yodel and pick their nose at the same time they're hired
Well, the scariest thing is that there's enough morons in regular society running around
South Florida's evidence of that
And then there's the people that supposedly regulate and protect those people
And they're the ones doing this stuff, I mean, it's ridiculous
Amen
God bless you, Neil
God bless America sir
56670560, pound 560, just stay out of Tennessee
That's my best advice to you, stay in the hall out of there
Yeah
Not a place you want to be in Tennessee
Here's a call from the keys, hello
Let me try it again, here's a call from the keys, hello
Here's Hollywood, hello
I don't know how you do it, Neil
Neither do I
Every single day you have to deal with people who have absolutely nothing to say
Yeah, and then like today we got about 50 of them who aren't even there
I want to talk about Greg for a second if I can
This is Greg
No it's not, Andy
Hi
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Marles, I actually get him a couple of extra votes
We don't talk to you, Andy
You're uninvited on this show as of a long time ago, isn't this the same Andy who said that he's real happy now
He's found other things to listen to when his life is wonderful and his lovely Japanese wife and yada yada yada
And this man is as chronic as it gets
As chronic as it gets
I have to tell you Monday believe you me this weekend I'm gonna be stirring up a whole lot of good material
Starting a nice big stack of stuff
Bedtime stories
And you know what, so what if we get a two-share
At least I'll enjoy those shows because I feel like I'm doing something worthwhile
As opposed to sitting here and demeaning myself day after day after day
Is there anybody out there got anything to say and I sure as hell with all the stuff going on here that I've been talking about
And they still have nothing to say about it
And the excuses, well they're scared to talk to Neil or Neil's a sour guy or whatever the hell it is
They have nothing to say they have no opinion on anything
This is a vacuum
And the next time my friend Lynn Samuels faxes may or emails me some crap about how wonderful soft Florida is how much he likes it here
I'm gonna like a fart right on a goddamn email and send it to her
Here's one for you Lynn, there you go no charge
Because it makes me want a puke
You can't complain about the response you get down here because there isn't any, there's none
And that guy that called us said he used to be an usher and people can do whatever the hell they want
This guy he epitomizes this time that's the attitude I guess I'm out of step here
You're not supposed to be polite you're supposed to be rude and indifferent to everybody else around you
Screw him
I'm sorry I forgot where I was
Here's Miramar hello
Yeah hello Neil
Yes sir
Good morning Kia
This question's more geared toward George
I have a question because I know he goes to those you know those clubs and all that
Yeah
I was wondering which one would he suggest out of all the ask him when he's on the air
Okay sir call George and talk about swing clubs he's not on now
Good golly miss Molly
5 6 7 0 5 6
10 5 6
We know where George hangs out and that's a date club you more out of the club
Here's Palm Beach hello
Good morning Neil
Yes sir
Just a question about this day hole Farrow
What could they do to him in Civil Court?
What's the worst that he can get in Civil Court?
I don't know but they're going to sue his ass I know that and they're also going to sue the FHP
So they can fake but they won't get any jail time or anything like that
No
No all this is his monetary it isn't just for money
Right
Well why not?
I wouldn't you?
He killed some of his your family isn't that the least you'd like to get just like OJ?
Please it's horrible
It's disgusting I'm embarrassed I can't
And nobody in this town cares
Nobody in this town cares except the black community who are open arms
But then again the most of them are used to getting the shirt out of the stick anyway
It's horrible
It's such a black eye Florida
Really is but you know what this is where we get from?
This is what we get
Good luck to you pal
Thank you sir
I'll pray for you
5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
This place is enough to make you cry
Now what are that woman's ear for was crying when Al Gorelstein talked about her teacher
whatever the hell he said
Butter ass
Does it with everybody?
He does it because that's his whole thing is to be in public as loud and obnoxious and gross as he possibly can
Embarrassing
Every other word has got like four letters in three letters five letters
That's his life and now all of a sudden it's starting to crumble and fall apart
Because people are tired of that stale sorry act
Just like there should be real sorts tired of Ron Jeremy
The walking furball
Man oh man
Every time I see him one thing comes to mind I want to yell out like today he was in here
Hey Ron go suck yourself
And of course
Well not anymore
No not at that weight not at the 600 pound weight
Hello
Yes sir my name is yours
Hey how you doing?
Okay
Hey dear that fit that you just played that uh uh uh
Mo and ginger reunion who does that is that Boka Brian?
Boka Brian a genius
And that guy is a genius
He is an absolute little genius
That's one of the funniest bits I ever heard
Good
56670560 pound 560 on the ATT and Verizon Wireless Line
Here's Boka hello
Hey good morning Neil
Yes sir
Oh I'm trying to contribute a little bit if I may
I'm running good
Boston Public I called just a few weeks back
And then I called George on his show
And you followed me I don't know if you were listening and I was saying how it's on the hour before Monday night football
Um every Monday and it had dealt with the priest remember
I don't know if you got a chance to turn it on but that is one heck of a show
It totally called him out and one of the teachers was molested as a kid as one of his students were
And it brought it to light so uh so well done the way it was done
That show brings a lot of things out there and that's just trying to once again encourage you
Maybe take a peek at it it's the right before Monday night football the hour before
Okay
Okay
Thanks
Alright, bye
Take a look at it
Nobody cares in America we're concerned about the Rayleighans in that clone baby
The two of them
Both of them they do it
Oh they're great
In fact one of them is already smoking that wicked weed under in the red light district in Amsterdam
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the only AT&T in Verizon wireless line
20 till noon on a spectacular Thursday here at QAM
5 and a local this is 5 6 and a radio's on your phone
QAM
QAM
Go fuck yourself
Eisner
Mr. Mouse
What the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean sir?
Why am I reading in the paper you're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn?
Well sir we're just scouting locations
Jesus I'm scouting CEOs you are killing me
But sir look what we've done with New York City Times Square for East African Street
And on
Raymond
Raymond
Turn off the vacuum quitter Raymond
Get that blue bird out of here
Okay boss
Eisner but sir look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan 40 Second Street is incredible
I don't know what publicly I support at that but you took all the point away
You're telling me I'm going through a gavoscow like kids
We're just scouting areas calm down
Listen to me but much don't tell me to calm down
We got lucky with Lee Loan's stage $128 million
Now you're trying to ruin the whole network
What kind of programming are you running?
Hang on a minute
Raymond
Yes got blue bird crap all over your shoulder
Queen yourself up for heaven's sake
And head off the module quitter
Okay boss
Good God
Sir the network is fine
Why couldn't you come up with American Idol?
Good God you're still running James Bond movie
They're 60 years old
Why don't you just put steamboat willing on and be done with it?
Please don't make a couple of damn dollars
Well the movie division's fine
You mentioned we were in fiction now we have the new M Night Shumel on movie coming out later this summer
I know signs what the hell does that mean?
Stop sign yield sign
You're going to start swinging some of these titles past me
Please
Raymond
Raymond
I know you can't hear me
Raymond
You're still running on the module quitter
You're done running the module
You're not hearing me
Raymond's been taking a blue bird for a few minutes
All right
Yes sir
I'd be very careful the next time I started my car
Why were you?
What do you mean sir?
I'm not done with you
What?
I'm not done
I put hand stone in your job
But sir
You're terrible
I'm sorry
Maybe I put remiss in there
I don't like to be present in a Disney Remiss
I'm a...
What a wonderful day!
Get out of here you nutfag
Hey man
I'm 45 at 5.60 W.A.M.
My O. My What a Day
That's my take
Over the years who's been the worst chronic on you'll show Greg from Porte Lucey with a lot of phony votes now
91
We'll take him
The Maddy Cone Guy 68
Then it's the professional Catholic 62
Reverend Jones 54
Gilbert
46
Eddie 40
Parvig Jr. 20
Zooming up that list after a very very late edition
Andy from Hollywood 14
Woody with 14
Mitch from the video store 10
Guy with the eyes 9
Gil Segal from KAT 7
Blind Mike Scott 5
Mr. G3
And Shusney got a vote
Probably him
Out of 4404
5.607 05.60
On the AT&T in Verizon
Wireless line
Here's Davy
Hello
Nobody there
Thank you so much for hanging on that's it that's the end of our calls today
The nice talk to you
Here's another one in Davy hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
How you doing man?
Thank you for making your call
Okay thanks for making your call
Hey I just have a question
I've been busy so busy
I've been like working and no TV news papers now
A cop shot is off for no reason
Is that what you happen to be doing?
Yeah he pulled over this family on a road because he got our tip which turned out to be phony
That they were like a bunch of scumbags
And it turned out that they were the gas station and the guy put his wallet on top of the car
And a few bills flew away
And right away they call the cops and say oh these people are scumbags and this and that
And so they pull the people over they make them all get out of the car
They make them get down on all fours
And the dog they pleaded don't close the doors because we got a dog in here
The dog gets out on a highway
Just waddle some on a little bit and the cop shoots him
Okay that's good
Well you don't want a dog catchers
You know I mean because you know
I'm unbelievable
I don't believe it
Believe it
Zined America baby
Averant, bizarre, grotesque, unacceptable
That's the American fucking way
You got it
And I'm beginning to think that this experience I had this grotesque experience I had at the macarena at the hockey game last night
Maybe it's not just a South Florida thing
Maybe it's an American thing
Being rude and obnoxious and grotesque and standing up in front of other people and getting a
Plast out of your mind
It happens at football games certainly all over the country
Let's go burn the town down we just want a championship
Let's go burn the city up
Maybe just maybe
That's the American fucking way
Well it was there you know
What was Tommy just mumbling about
What was whoever was in there just talking about
Later
What something important
Maybe
Well give me a clue okay
Oh
Of Greg
5 6 7 0
No
We're trying to Greg is leading in the pole we're talking about Greg from Port St. Lucie
We just calm down
5 6 7 0 5 6
Greg 8 you
Palm 5 6 the on the AT&T line
Him too
Here's sunrise hello
And how you doing okay
Listen I understand this is the spec role is it's wrong
I'm on the wrong side of the road
Yeah I'm not making assumptions
Don't you know don't miss Komi here
But the other party ran into his car
That's like that's like charging right there
That's like charging and best
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the on the AT&T line
Here's pomp and oh hello
Oh Neil
Yes sir
Yeah I want to talk about Miriam Olifon
Yes
How can they let this go on this the government of Brad County I mean it's appalling
And you see the newspapers they say we're going to contact the governor
It's still nothing to done she's asking the county to pay for their county
He needs to be fired right now which would still be long overdue
Oh she should have been fired after September
That is correct
But I'm sure there's a certain aspect of this community that will have to be...
Absolutely correct if she was as white as I am I guarantee you she had her as fired a long time ago
Oh yeah and then they're trying to pin all the blame on this deputy she just fired the guy that they made her hire
You know to run the place though it would be run efficiently
Yeah
You know here in Brad County we all sit down and take it
You know it's very...
Sure you got to understand this is the most passive place on the face of the earth
Nobody here gives a flying crap
They may you know they may voice a little bit of crap here and there
But they won't let the finger do anything here
These people are beaten down they've given up and they just don't care
Yeah but I'm tired of it I've written a Riley call it...
Well my suggestion is move to a place where people do care because it sure ain't here and they ain't going to be here
He's tired of it
Brad County's election crisis is prompted Coral Springs to cancel the upcoming referendum and election experts to begin drawing up a Doomsday plan for other cities to run their own votes
Without the aid of the scandal played elections office this from the scum Sentinel
But even a city leader scrambled to deal with pending municipal elections
Elections supervisor Miriam Elephant stepped up her demands on the county
She told county officials they owe her nearly 886 grand for expenses from November's guleter to her election beyond what she was budgeted
Elephant also suffered another major defection in her top staff yesterday
Losing the office's third lawyer in a two years in office
Michael Robinson's resignation came through weeks after Elephant's highly respected deputy Joe Cotter
Quint actor charging she'd interfered with his work
Despite everything Elephant remained up beat
Removing along in the right direction with the election she said I'm pleased with our progress
She told the Sun Sentinel in a voicemail message
The first round of the 2003 municipal elections is a month away and Coral Springs drastic decision is a sign of the city's concerns about
Ola fans ability to run a smooth vote
Coral Springs wanted to place 8 charter amendments on the march ballot
Coral Springs official cited a lack of confidence in Ola Fender and her higher fees she's charging to handle elections as the reasons for mixing the referendum
Vice Mayor Alan Poland said he hoped the city's action would send a resounding alarm to the community
Are you alarmed?
No!
Is it resounding?
No!
No, nobody cares
I mean you just have to reach the point where you say hey they don't care
They don't care, just stop beating up on yourself
You can't make them care, you cannot force them to care
Just like my story today at the beginning of the show I'm going to tell you
I could get a better response telling that story to my little dog
He would have probably leaned right over and dropped a little number on a carpet just in response
Just a...and a...fiance to that grotesque behavior that I encountered
Nobody gives a crap
See and you know something?
Part of the problem with that is that if most of the people who were there really cared about seeing a game for example
In that case, then they'd care
But since most of them are just their dishmuse and lose and crews and abuse they don't give a crap
The people nice to me, the people down my royal couple of seats who did care they got up and they went home so they could see it on TV
So they could see something, what they were paying for
The rest of the people, the movement like that
And yes, I know number 20 on the Maple Leafs's Ed Bell for okay sir
The guy, the Toronto guy that kept coming back up to me
You know what I mean? He said okay guy
But you don't have to test my knowledge about the players on the Toronto Maple Leafs or in the National Hockey League
God
What is it? What is this place? Please answer that question right now
What is this place? The build of the nation
Where we had the press conference in Hollywood, Florida from the Rayleans to announce the cloning of the first human being in Hollywood, Florida
And when I heard about that I thought how apropropriate that is, how perfect
Maybe they could call my mother then everybody could have hemorrhoids
In fact it or not
Here's Parkland, hello
Hello
Yes sir
Neil? Yes
Well they didn't even say it's Randy from Parkland
Because we don't do names on here, sure
We don't do names, what is it?
Hey, hypothetical situation
Let's say the guy that was driving the wrong way
Yeah
Was a black fella
Let's say the other two guys were you and I
Yeah
What do you think would have happened?
50 years
Minimum
What do you think about it? You don't think so?
I agree
He wouldn't have had a Chinaman's chance if he pardoned that expression
Yeah, I do care down here, I'm from Ohio and I do care
You've got about two or four others and that's it
You got it
Better get with it
Have a good one
You too, get out of the bed
Furrier head deep in that sand baby
Stick dig a hole dig a hole deep in that sand
Put your head in there like an ostrich
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon line
Here's sunrise, hello
Hey how can you talk about that mindless hockey all the time?
I mean really, this town couldn't care less
Well then why are you listening to the show?
Because I'm listening to this, I'm listening to the show
Why are you listening to the show?
No, no, no mindless hockey
Hockey's the greatest sport in the world
And just because you're one of these dumb pink skin squeezers
Don't be a bus my balls about it, okay?
Tweet it all the other shows on this station
And hear them talking the same crap day after day after day
20 hours a day
The same mindless crap
That's mindless crap
I hate to break the news to you but for South Florida football season is over a sweetheart
It's over
5, 6, 7, 05, 60
And it is, but he does have a good point in that is because all you panting people out there
You've given me no support over the years on this show at all
None
I would like to be able to talk about a little bit more and he's right there
There's no interest here, you're right about that
Even as much of a schmuck as you are, you're absolutely right about that
They don't care
This town having a hockey team would be like
George Werner, Yarmulke
I mean it just doesn't make any sense to me
Well it's even worse than
It's that it's possible
5, 6, 7
And by the way, Mo, listen, you know, if Hitler came back and tried to join Ben-Abrith they'd say no thanks
And the same with your overtures, whatever they are
No thanks
Too late
Here's line four in somewhere, hello
Oh yeah, George is a big staggy
5, 6, 7, 05, 60
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon line of chronic pull
Greg from Port St. Lucie is going to have to be disqualified, I'm afraid 92
Mighty Corn guy 70, Dennis Lee, professional Catholic 65
Reverend Jones 57 and Gilbert is hovering overall of him with 49
He's lurking in the back, probably in the corner crying as usual
Remember those great days?
Oh yeah
How could we forget?
Miguel has no idea for all his bitch
No, no, Miguel, you just got like a little taste so to speak
A sample
If you want to really get the real flavor of Gilbert, it's if that will be for like many, many hours
It will tell you stories that you absolutely will not believe
Will not believe
Hey have you ever been presented with an opportunity when you should have could or would have done something but did not do it?
Well there's an incredible Fannie Mae mortgage rate out there at 3.45%
The rate's available by calling financial group tool 3189405363
If you would have compared a 7% rate with 3.45%
You'd save 35 out of our bucks in the first year alone for each 100,000 you owe
A hundred thousand dollars cost you only $447 a month at this rate
This is an opportunity that won't last forever, it's a 40 year low
So if you're thinking about refinancing or purchasing a home here's the deal for you
Call financial group tool free 1-8009405363
The process is simple and the call is free 1-800940LD
Financial group has been an equal housing lender and took thousands of borrowers to the Fannie Mae program
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you delay
5.34 APR call financial group today get all the details there is no obligation
Call tool free 1-800940LD
LITEMY ALORGE
Fugged all
Boss writing you again Fugged all
Wife being a pain in the ass Fugged all
Fugged all has been prescribed in Europe for years
And thanks to a loophole in FDA regulations is now available in the good ol' US of A
Patients using Fugged all should be aware of the following side effects
Oil discharge Spontaneous air loss
Genital shrinking Historical blindness
Kidney stones Uncertainly nail fugs
Refle bleeding and worms
So when the pressures of everyday life get you down
I need this on my desk by 7 a crack
Test came back positive
I'm pregnant
Fugged all
Just reach for that little blue bottle and say Fugged all
I do have a nice lunch
12 noon at 5.60 WQM
There's Muff he's the only human in the building that we can count on
You know what I don't want to say that like I'm sucking around because I would not do that
But he's the only one
That's right take that cross with it a lunch you can't hurt rub the rosary beads a little bit say if you hate me
Hell Marys for us because we need him
So anyway Mo has turned on Joe and Mark is that what you're telling me that's the story oh no Mo
Now there now there the scapegoat see one thing it's amazing to me is when people look for scapegoats for their failures
Well like when people start blowing off producers things like that
I don't want to mention no names
Or other people very similar I don't want to mention
Always somebody else's fault if they can't get any numbers if they can't if they go over like a pregnant pole vault
Or on a hot August day in the hell
So now the only people in the building who've even given him since he's shown his true colors to all of us
Who've even given him any slack who've tried to like be helpful and a little bit on the friendly side
Joe and Mark two very likable guys by the way
I mean just you know just guys mention right
Munchen
Don't thank you and he's turned on them this morning. I would only had a spastic outburst
Just before the crossover there at 6 a.m. This morning and the fact that he sandwiched between two non-sport shows is the reason that
Bombastic Mo ain't doing all that great is what he's saying for according to the grapefine
Isn't that something?
And they changed their schedule for him?
Yeah, they changed their schedule so instead of doing Friday nights overnight because he's not on Saturday morning
Like every other show does they do Sunday nights which nobody does so they can be the lead in for him
And he still turns on them see a lot of you people out there don't want to believe me which I don't really give a crap with you
Believe me or not because everybody in this building knows it's true
This is one dastardly situation we got here
Which is another good reason to be not here see because when I'm not here it's like
Just you know rolls off your back that Friday night was the only night that any real people had a chance of listening to them
Right because they don't have to go to bed early they were at least they are late they're out partying
They're coming in like in a wee hours in the morning and they'll hear those guys that's a very good point
And you'll notice and you'll notice by the way
That in the first book when they were on Friday night they had a really big number
And since they changed the hours to accommodate the heralous one now all of a sudden their last book went in the
Trapper okay. Oh brother
Just to accommodate the grumpy grouchy old man with a bad varicose veins that
Said
Here's another facts from Greg yet you see I said one a day okay like a vitamin pill make you feel good to a day
And like three a day
The poll is but we already said it's this qualified we notice it is we're calm down see
He asked to not assume one of your callers is me I promise I've not called number well good good
But no more he's filing an official protest
You know something I just changed my mind based on the third facts
I think he deserves to be the winner don't you sure
So like I said Greg is got 94 votes he's in lead
He's just doing like a running commentary is what he's pretty soon he's gonna want to sit in there and do your job
And I got news for you sitting here and look at it you ain't no picnic but look at it him for four hours
That ain't gonna happen Greg maybe I could sit on your lap
Let's see and then I'm kidding it's faxing you in here the episode of Boston by stop stop stop already
We're looking for phone calls not chronic factors
5 6 7 0 5 60 pun seriously the panther thing is really just and a nigma
It's just well maybe it's just typical of this town. Oh, we just love your show happy new year
It's so good to see here and then all these people asking me like how come I haven't been there because I haven't been in town
I haven't been here
Obviously there are people either a who don't listen to the show or be who haven't realized because it sounds so great when I'm in Toronto
Like just like I'm here. We assume that was here right right
Except your daughter's busy. No except I'm not I'm in a bunch of it and we'll live a lot longer by the way. Oh look
We live many years longer without all the stress of being down here surrounded by this unbelievable
Swill that's just it's like being it's like being in Venice, Italy. You know where all the water is the canals and everything and stuff to your hip boots
It's like being the swills up to your goddamn armpits in this place. It's a swill place
It's paradise
But I'm not complaining man because you want to know what tomorrow is don't you pay day pay day
Evening the candy bar after it it was so sweet
Here's coral springs hello
Coral springs yes sir yeah, Neil how's it going all right all right? I'm coming in I came in from Chicago
I heard you last year and I had to call you again just to say move to Chicago forget all these Florida people that don't even believe in you you're awesome man you rock
Okay, all right. Let you know this too. I was at a Hawks game. I'm 10th row from center ice who's in front of me three freaking panties dance and during the fickie game
It's going on under center dancing. Yeah, like sit on you
Yeah, I want to say what I said, but anyways, they want to check me saying like I'm the wrong one. I mean everybody's ignorant first of all
They shouldn't even have alcohol sporting events all it is a bunch of people getting drunk. They're not even there for the game
Let me say this if they didn't sell beer at sporting events you can have your own section. Yeah, exactly
Yeah, but that's what it's all about. Okay, good luck to pal go back to Chicago
There's Woody Graber and there with his ponytail looking just as dapper and spiffy as ever what he's probably got something to fix about how come not
I'm not talking about the sabers. I've lost weight. You've lost weight. I can't see you're standing behind a computer. Stand behind George there.
The stand sideways. Yeah, I'm waiting. You've lost weight, but now wait look turn around. Look at him. Look at the way his no stand forward face me. I know those were his he's still wearing his fat pants. Nobody
Some new pants even fat rich did that. Jesus God almighty. You're looking almost as fashionable as Greg Reed with that crappy haircut.
So what do you in here for what do you want to know in around? I'm talking to George about some concert ticket giveaway that treasure island promotion scorpions and docking and white snake.
Okay, I'm gonna give you the number for air Canada.
Here's Cooper City. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Happy new year. It's not the same to you. All right. Listen to me. I'm gonna be on a plane so fast. You never know what hits you guys. I'll go on a plane. Give me a ticket. I was just one of the common one thing which you said before you said football dead in this time. Well none of your jet fair today because it keeps going and going. Yeah, I hope. I want to talk to you about was I know I mean I would then you talk about banks and I had an incident in the bank the other day.
And and some trust if I could say it now you know you have if you make a deposit and you want the positive slips with your name on it. Do you know you have to pay for the positive slips? Really? Did you have anything crazy? I mean I told them behind account. I said you may tell me I got to put money into your bank and I have to pay for my deposit.
I put money in your bank and they said yeah, trust he says yeah that was such a yes sir. Yeah. And I said well what about the regular ones behind the counter they said oh yeah we have them I said could give you about 10 of them or so they said no we can only give you one you make it out now. And I said well I want to do my bank and at the house I want to make out all the deposits and everything.
Right when I go I'm there. No they won't give to you you have to buy them if you want them. You know what I did don't you withdrawal time. Excellent. I hope you didn't go to watch over your money bank. No I go anywhere yet I'm still waiting. I've got to check I'm still waiting.
Well that's my advice you do not go to watch over your money. Is that right? They suck. I bet. You're lucky pal. Okay. Can I just bring your money over here we'll hold it for you. Yeah.
What about it with you. You give them we'll take good care of it. No we only take deposits. No. I can't. I can't be questioning. Go ahead. How about that. I think the news to you that no one. Oh okay. My son always a dolphin fan. If I could play for him on Sunday man alive will make my day. Okay you got it. Thank you.
I said long it's Katie. I thought a new one but it sure seems a bit of the enemy. See you know.
It's the same old stuff.
Miami has the dolphins there the worst football team. They flop the ball from goal to goal like no one's ever seen.
There on the ground that's where they'll stay there never in control and when you say Miami you're talking toilet holders there the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many jeans in a week. Thirty two. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Don't bet on them you'll always lose.
They don't know how to tackle. They don't know how to block their coaches ought to tell them to put then gay in their jocks. Then they would run much faster and even in defeat.
When we go to the stadium we'll see Miami. And there the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many jeans in a week. Thirty two. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. The team that hasn't got a clue.
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans just fifty thousand assholes sitting in the stands. They watch the game and all they do is mown in gripe and bitch. I wonder how Jo Rabi got to be so goddamn rich and they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many jeans in a week. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. I hear the crowd begin to boo.
The dolphins have J. Fiedler that quarter backs at you. Run down the field and he will throw a pass over you. I'll never win a super bowl. You shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut. That doesn't mean that he was circumcised in there.
The Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many jeans in a week.
Twenty two. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. J calls his signals and he brood.
The dolphins have no defense in their offenses at joke like George Bush eating pretzels. You know they're gonna choke. They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race.
With fewer points than parkmarks on high zingas ugly face and they're the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. Oh what the hell.
My Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Now they're through.
And their people here call me a sloppy dresser huh? Every time I see that. Woody Gruber talks. I mean Woody Graber. It's like they don't have the confidence that they're gonna keep the weight off so they keep wearing their fat clothes waiting to fill them back in.
Yeah. Have you noticed my lovely new attire? My new pantaloons? Yes. This is not a new shirt. Well you have been. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every
Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day Qab at all. Every day. And every day. Every day. Every day. Twelve. A day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Every day. Not anything that you do, not care because nothing but anguish!! And when you wisdom comes out, you
Now here in the response always says where do you get your information?
It's always that you know like that Mitch call, but he did the right thing.
Need but he did the right thing.
Thanks for reminding me.
Oh my god.
This is sports radio bicycle.
You way up.
Impounded.
Don't come around here telling me that sorry your excuses they just bore me.
What you did to me that night was more than me.
Yes, that's a great old night when you were feeling yesy.
Your ill-wended friend, passed me.
Throw you did in the half of last week.
Yes, you put a belt on a back-hell back.
Hell by its high nerves you laugh.
You just like that.
You look at those cheeks on my surface.
It had a sound that was power back.
What's that?
Hell when you're ten of trouble.
Tell my brother I'm losing.
What else could I do?
You took aim and you should be ashamed.
You did it on our first date.
You let one go.
Then you get the go.
Just because you let one go.
You let one go.
You look like I was in the right.
That's another year gas attack.
You let one go.
Talk about a major go from that top of hell just up the road.
Better things twice for you.
It's low and over back for you let one go.
Let one go.
Probe 17 at 560 WQM.
That's just astonishing to me turning on Joe and Mark.
That is just amazing.
How low can you go?
Mo.
5607 05 60 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's our last call.
It's in a Vointin V.
Hello?
Mr. Nioh, how are you?
Okay, sir.
I was at the game last night and sat up in the club seat.
I was lucky enough to get tickets up there.
Is Bernie still part owner?
No, he has nothing to do with the organization now.
Okay, in the program, so does name list.
I don't know.
He has nothing to do with it.
That's why he was wandering in.
He came into the club's sweet square end.
And it was just like a normal guy wearing shorts and a sweatshirt.
And it was awesome.
He's just nice and could be.
But what does that mean?
No, he just said down earth guy.
I didn't know if he was still even part of the ownership.
I heard something about him being bought out or trying to get out.
But he just was up there just having fun with everybody else.
He was a nice guy.
He was a nice guy.
He was pretty mean on the ring.
He was a good guy off the ring.
He was a good game last night.
I thought he was a terrific guy.
If you could see it, it was terrific.
I had pretty good seats.
Sorry about your seats.
That's too bad.
I wondered if you think that money would win fans there if they weren't so well.
They weren't playing so well.
I don't know.
If they were sticking the joy out, probably not.
That's just human nature.
But at least they did show up.
I will say that for them.
About 10,000 of them anyway.
That's yet of our calls today.
Out of calls.
That's it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
So I guess obviously by doing this, by their absence,
they're making it very clear that starting on Monday,
they want periodicals on audio back, which is fine with me.
Well, I can't wait.
Because my kishkis are churning from this exercise today.
And this last guy, I mean, what is that?
Green Coastars and I sky.
Yeah, well, we already know that.
But what does that mean?
What does that have to do with any way, shape, or form,
with what I was talking about?
Anything?
No, no.
No.
It's just a level on which the people function here is just...
I can't relate to it.
I can't relate to it.
But then again, we got so many jocks nippers here.
We think that's what being a sports fan is all about.
Oh, yeah.
I ran into someone.
So I ran into Jose Santiago at the...
Whatever his name is.
Yeah, and?
102 votes for Greg from Port Saint-Lucy,
you're in first place, sweetheart.
And the last fact is what convinced me to leave you on there.
You're beyond chronic.
You're in a separate category.
The Madacone guy, 73,
then it's the professional Catholic 70,
Reverend Jones 60,
Gilbert 53, Addy 43,
Paul Harvey Jr. 23.
And a few in between.
Shustee's got a couple of Mr. G's got three.
So everybody's got at least one.
Nice to see.
Spread it around.
Here's a call from Boca.
Yeah, hello to the...
Okay.
I got a logistic news for you.
I was reading that Billy and Riley's website
and they have these opinions
and some of the regular opinions that you were
blaming them as well.
And they...
Okay, great.
Well, we're getting a new phone number one.
And nobody here cares about Bill or Riley, okay?
But thank you so much.
You're right, by the way.
There's something wrong with the phone.
Wrong with the phone, yes.
I know that.
The phone is all screwed up.
And of course, there's anybody here in this building here.
No.
No, they don't give a crap.
That's what makes it triply frustrating.
See, when I'm doing the bedtime stories,
I don't have to worry about is the phone going to work today?
Is anybody going to call?
Is it going to sound good?
Am I going to feel like this is a worthwhile exercise?
The phone is pure, unadulterated, schmit.
Okay?
Beyond the... Am I wrong?
No, you've got 11 audio elements in there
not counting the microphone.
And that's the weakest one.
Right.
That is right.
That's correct.
All the other stuff here works fine.
PCS works good.
Eeeeh!
Everything else in here works great.
See?
Just like clockwork.
But the phone is a piece of a schmit.
And it's like, you know, it's like underwater talk radio.
Half of the people sound like they're gargling.
And the other half are.
Here's Alamarada.
Hello.
Yeah, I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have a question concerning your morning show.
Is that okay?
Or...
You can talk about whatever you like, sir.
And if I find it acceptable,
then we'll discuss it.
If not, you'll hear the strange sound.
It sounds very much like a dial tone.
Go ahead.
What makes your management think that people...
Ah!
No, see, you should have stopped at that point.
That was where you put the question mark.
What makes our management think?
And the answer to that question is nothing.
That we are going to...
That anybody out there is going to listen to the morning guys
until the off and season starts again.
Mm-hmm.
They're on a material, as it is.
And it's only been two weeks into the playoffs.
Right.
The gentleman whose things haven't dropped yet.
He's okay, but the other gentleman...
He calls a good football game.
And he's got a nice voice.
But they basically is just football and football.
And they don't discuss anything else.
Yeah.
And it gets to be very extremely repetitive.
Now he's quoting things from the 60s.
Well, some of us weren't even around in the 60s.
So what the hell is he talking about?
We're even born in the 60s, right.
No, but I'm serious.
What are the making thinkers going to listen to him for the rest of the year?
Well, see, when you box your seven of a corner like that,
and he's willing to have my keenan on for two minutes,
and maybe talk to a two-minute zaki every day
and pretend that he's really spreading it around a little bit,
you're right.
Except for the most one-dimensional people out there,
they narrow a segment of the audience.
Most people accept fans of those teams that are still in the playoffs,
which we don't have any down here.
Nobody cares.
I mean, you've got...
During when I was flipping CDs,
and I do listen to CDs,
I took one out, and the only thing I heard was some guy calling in about...
What do you think of it often scheduled for next year?
This is the 9th of January, okay?
What do they think about the dolphin schedule for next year?
I mean, that's just unbelievable.
Well, let me ask, does your programming basically need only ratings half the year?
They need ratings every quarter?
All the time.
And so far, that's your aim-producing much.
That's how you finance the advertising career.
That is correct.
So it's like...
Is it produced two quarters out of the year? That's okay?
No, I just got through saying, of course not.
The only time in the year that they're not that concerned is the summertime,
which is why they put Georgia.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and they're not happy with that.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T, they're not happy with anything,
because generally speaking, they're about to miserable bastards is what they are.
And if Greg comes in and says,
Hey, George, did you do that?
Just tell him, talk to Neil about it.
Of course you won't do that because you're a worst.
What?
Whatever.
I just answered his questions.
I didn't.
Don't answer any questions.
Tell him, we don't answer questions.
This isn't an interrogation room.
This is a studio.
I'm busy sitting in here doing something.
Make it look like you're doing something.
I was doing something.
What were you doing?
Filling up my talent thing.
That's important stuff, because it has to do with getting paid.
That's probably why he came in here to try to distract you,
because he knew you were doing something.
I had to do with getting compensated for your time here.
And that's not something that they're too crazy about doing these bastards.
Wow, look at that.
Check that duck put in a male personal to me.
What was that from last year?
That still hasn't shown up yet.
Remember that one?
Maybe it was stolen out of your male box.
Mabii, damn.
That's the one you don't use.
Yeah, that's right.
Boy, that thing is really slow.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Hey.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hello.
Hey, I prefer the show without the colors.
Yeah.
You're very entertaining and it's a pleasure to listen to you and your whatever.
Am I right or am I just being a hardass?
Don't most of the calls suck?
Yeah.
But for some strange reason every time I take a survey on that,
this audience wants the guy to have phone calls.
What's that all about?
Although the guys that are calling, I would prefer to listen and enjoy what you're talking about.
And if I have to get something up, my mind I just email you or a factor.
And regarding the hockey thing, you know, when the silver fox and all that crowd
from the old place, you always stand up.
And then that's one of the things that the Noit and Eve has going to the game.
Right.
You said, you know, the worst game I ever went to was when there was a playoff game or something for the heat.
And they had like hardly something happened and they didn't have that many ushers in the Miami arena.
And it was chaos.
In the upper level, people were coming and going all the time.
And I said, where are the hell are the ushers?
And they're like, oh, there's another game going on or something.
So we're understaffed tonight.
But that's definitely need the ushers to keep control on people.
Well, you can't complain about the job that the ushers do with the Macarena because they're not doing any.
They're just, they're doing nothing.
They're doing nothing, except being good little Nazis before the game, checking 15 times the tickets that people that they already know belong there.
Well, if you, whoever you want to do the show, you do it.
We enjoy listening to it and we'll agree with what you want to know.
I mean, it's so much easier for me to come in here and just take the calls.
It's a lot easier for me.
We put a lot of good, these good stories that I come up with and put them on the website.
So people can still find out what's going on in the world.
And that supposedly is what the audience wants.
But it's like everything else in this town.
When they say they want something, you give it to, it's like if you go to the grocery store and your kids says, oh, give me a shredded wheat.
And you take it home, oh, I don't want shredded wheat. What then do you buy that for?
And that's what this town is constantly all about.
They don't know what they want.
And have a great day.
Thank you, sir.
And back to you.
They do not know what they want.
Malcontents.
Look at, look at how, how little that I've been doing.
I require.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, I know.
Just give me a microphone, a few pieces of equipment that are working me a big fat paycheck.
That's it.
I don't need anybody in here kissing my ass.
Suck it up to me.
Shining my shoes.
Sooling my ego.
Massaging your bag.
Massaging a squeeze in my bag.
Snapping my veins.
It's like velvet.
27 pass note.
And by the way, what's your name again that's soon to log down?
Michelle.
Michelle.
Great job today.
Slide and local.
Here's sports radio 560.
She will.
You a.m.
But can't keep his packer in his pants.
The beat.
A South Florida.
This is the rhythm at beat.
You miss out on when you leave South Florida.
Especially when you leave it fast.
We got a touch band like no bears veils.
Even if you do, you'll touch.
If you don't pick up the South Florida rhythm,
it would be like all those times
to try to throw a broken garbage can away.
They don't pick it up.
And the beat.
A South Florida.
That's the beat.
A South Florida.
Where the sun burns the wound of your brain.
And strength your balls.
South Florida.
That's with the beat.
510 votes out of poll so far.
Shew Steve, two, Mr. G's got three.
Blind mics only got six.
Even Gil Seagulls got seven.
Skipping over all of those losers in between.
Greg from Port St. Lucie's on top 105 and deservedly so.
The Maddick Kohn guy, 76.
Dennis 74, Reverend Joan 64.
And Gilbert 56.
Eddie is stuck at only 45.
Even Paul Harvey, Jr. has got 23 as a very late addition.
And let me say it again.
And deservedly so.
Oh, he's busy listening to Tony Bruno.
He ain't going to be talking to you.
Remember that day?
How can we ever forget?
What a loser.
What a sad sack.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Of course, he probably had the affiliate list.
Here's Lake Worth.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You said Greg's on top, but rumor has it.
He prefers it on the bottom.
Really?
That's what I'm here in front of Amy.
I'm Ram Starten.
Hey, this is John and Lake Worth.
I send you some stuff from time to time.
Yeah, John.
How you doing?
OK.
I just spoke to George.
And I'm going to, I just got a copy of the Bob and Tom.
It's a double album.
They're latest.
I'm going to send that guy to you.
It's a little old.
Excellent.
Yeah, and I'm, and I'm outspad for, uh, for George.
Can it hear real quick before I go back to Toronto like in a couple of days?
I can try.
I don't know how fast it's going to be, but, um, I had a, you know, I had a question.
You obviously in living part of the time in Toronto and part of the time in Amsterdam.
What is the perception of our president and everything that he's been doing in there?
Well, as Prime Minister Crichens' assistant said before she got fired, he's a moron.
Is what they think?
No, I'm aware of that.
No, no, I'm answering you.
That's what they think.
He's a moron.
And in Canada as well.
Yes.
You know, Prime Minister Crichens is Canada the last time I check.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I, I, I, I, I, okay, you're right.
Um, you know, and I know that you already know this, but the whole thing is obviously about oil and whatnot.
But you know, it's really funny.
It's, first of all, and you've said it many times and I'm a firm believer also that Americans buy and larger just dumb people.
Uh-huh.
But, um, but you know, this whole thing with North Korea, I mean, they already have two or three nuclear weapons pointed at our country by the way.
They have the potential to make others.
Uh, yet we're not gearing up like we're gearing up towards Iraq.
So what does that say?
They don't have any oil, sir.
No, no, no, no, I, I understand that.
I'm just saying for the rest of Americans, Americans buy and large, as you know, you know, they, they love war.
They like going out and kicking ass.
They don't aren't the, they don't realize the big picture.
They don't realize war.
They like seeing their kids coming home in body bags.
I'm not so sure.
I don't think so.
No, I don't think they like going in body bags.
But what it is is the United States, when they went into Persian Gulf and they go into places where there's really no threat, where it's such a one-sided battle.
America buy and large, like Iraq, where the army has been decimated, where they basically have, where they're almost defenseless.
Exactly.
But you go in there and you kick some serious major ass.
You only have a handful of casualties in Americans say, hey, look at us, we're the greatest.
They're real, like, how expensive it is and how much money we're going to have.
Well, I hate to tell you this, but around the world, what I'm discovering, and I don't want to say all around the world, at least in the place where I am.
Generally, Americans are despised at this point.
This, we're not very popular around the world.
And I understand that, and I lived for two years in Europe.
I told my wife, I will not retire in this country.
You had a caller yesterday who echoed me exactly a guy who said he was on the plane.
Almost ashamed to be an American. I too feel that way.
And when I was in Europe, I used to tell people that I was Canadian for fear of getting my ass kicked.
That's funny because I do the same thing.
Absolutely. I have no problem doing that.
At least in my case, it's partly true anyway.
Exactly. And it really is ashamed.
I mean, I just, I just, more and more becoming less of an American because of, of, of, of, of,
of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of
of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of
the house floor building that
you go north on university
east on five ninety five ten north on ninety five
yeah
so he had to drive all the way from the quarter deck all the way up
to his lantic avenue where this action occurred
whereas the the two uh... other people
we're going east are going west and get it on ninety five
how did he return around between here
and lantic avenue and end up coming south
i don't know i wasn't telling him so i have no idea right i mean well that's why
i think it you know i'm not saying he did or nothing he didn't
but there's a lot of he did a lot of out he did
there is no doubt
well unfortunately my mind there is but
but based on based on what
based on on how he had to get up there how did he get there then did
did somebody uh... to get a sky hook and let his vehicle off the road and
stick him on the wrong side going the wrong way
well that's what i'm saying if he's not that happened
well i must he did it i don't know but now that the pretty obvious okay just
keep changing like a squirrel keep chasing your tail
you know it's a lot of people making excuses
i'll exactly and no question about it
like like uh... what's his name in a paper this morning
the sun sent me a
michael meh hold the mail
let me say it again like that's the dumbest the most embarrassing column
when are you gonna grow up here man
when are the like i said everything is the same here i'm not going to get
excited about it
this is a horseman time and
same bush leager is writing the same problem the same crap
afraid to open up a month and really say anything maybe two or three times
he or somebody really says something worth repeating worth reading on the
year
which is your the which is your this fact
high-neil
the problem with moe is Greg didn't follow the formula he's not a jack or a
jew
uh...
that we're better save this
moe how a david is not jewish
oh my god
as a guy maybe that's why he wears the two pay it has a maybe that's really a
yarmic he's wearing a not a to pay and without a lot of under it
at least he's got his head covered
out of respect
course he used to respect
joe and mark but that's in the past
five six seven oh five i still can't get over that i shouldn't surprise me
but that's well he can't i mean that more than always like almost joined at the
hips
at least in the year perception yeah
all the thirty boys this and the durey boy that and then only they did a show
with strippers or something like that he heard it the day i said it
and got just psychotic about it because they weren't talking about sports and
he's just doing the decision is this in the fail because he's he's squeezed
between two non-sports shows
yeah we definitely help in your fail mo
with a big nine to ten hour that uses your numbers up by a full point and then
great calls very jack as and says oh my mo got this which mode didn't get it all
because he's quote the six to ten number and it has only until nine
and the nine to ten hour like i said who's this is number up by a full point
usually in every book but don't confuse very jack as or Greg or anybody else
with the facts
squeeze between two non-sports as it shows five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T just squeeze the bag mo
here's Kendall hello that's hilarious you know i haven't called you at about
three years why not
i just don't like the body what do you mean bother me that's a post if that's
supposed to be a talk show yeah but you know i you know i just you know i got
nothing to contribute i won't call you but if you have nothing to contribute
then don't bother me exactly there you go you know
the a couple of colors ago were saying you know whether you guys look at the
ratings the whole year just four months out of the year
have you ever heard when mo has for competition
but what does that mean have you ever tried listening to that other sports show
on on on the other stage no that that's not our only competition he's got
Howard Stern is a heavy-duty competition around and Paul yeah that that sports
it was not our competition that is fox sports is not and they don't even get a one
share they don't break a one share they're not as
important for the chaxen if it is you know i mean that would be the only other
alternative sir it is not see when you when you're on the air your competition is
every other signal it's on when you're on like we have we have heard a
Howard show to contend with Howard Stern i'm talking about we got Dr. Laura we
got big fat ass limbaugh that we got to deal with so we got all of these people were
against and you know that's that's it but that's not competition anyway but at any rate
i mean you're wrong it is competition like i just got through telling you
whatever else is on that's your competition
it it it you know theoretically speaking no it's not the
right so you remind me the guy the other day it was trying to give me a seminar on the ratings
no no i'm not giving you a seminar i mean i don't think those people can compete with you
as one i'm saying yeah okay i mean yes i realize that your competition
because they're all against so let me let me say this since you are bothering me now
what is the bottom line of this the bottom line you started out not bothering me and now you are
bothering me that you promised you weren't going to do so it'll be three another three years
since i called you but the bottom line let me let me mark the calendar okay
the bottom line is that you know he know you know you're talking about who are the chronic
and the most god you know date the rate of jetspan that calls him every morning to make him fall
start around Steve the baseball guy that guy Ricky from Borshead right that's it that's a show
that's it that's that's it i can never listen to most show okay i'm in the car driving the
work in the morning at that time i can never turn on his show without hearing those five guys
everything well well let me ask you this before i start knocking him for not having a lot of good
calls or any calls how what calls this show well i i i i i i i came back from a nice extended
vacation last Thursday new year that after the years day right Thursday the first day back was
great phones ring like crazy we have that i left here feeling so great that they in fact i'd almost
forgotten about it i caught man that's the kind of show i'd love to do every day get that kind
of response remember that George it was great Friday the very next day was like and not all that great
and this week has been like i've just like this whole audience has disappeared but see George
screens out your chronics now if you let all of those people that are on your list today call you
consistently you know you beat just like his show i'd like to sports shows on it i do understand
what you're saying never they're never any shortage of calls on the sports shows and i also
would have been off the year 15 years ago if i would have done that because you know when he takes
the call you hear your state the later guest but but but you're missing my while you're squealing
now you're missing my point you're missing my point there have been many times today when we've
had nobody on the line so the point is that if those are the people who will call him then what
do you expect them to do who else is he going to talk to well i think i'm going to not knock him
about is the damn phone calls because this station blows when it comes to calls this is the worst
damn talk station in the universe when it comes to phone calls not only the ones that don't come in
but the ones that do come in and don't bother me for while i love you see yeah he was okay
just don't give me seminars on a numbers okay we got numbers coming out of our ass numbers coming
out a week from tomorrow by the way and it'll be interesting to want to be interesting not really i
you know something i just i don't care i just don't i know you don't believe that but i just i
reach that point i don't care anymore i get what what what incentive do i have
running no i mean to you that means something that bonus you think that bonus makes a lot of
difference to me no there's just no incentive this is a lethargic place the management in here
doesn't even dare come anywhere near me right yeah so so so what's the point what kind of
relationship do i have with this place the rest of the station i noticed that my friend a mad dog
the last couple days at least has dignified that i'm on the air which is something new maybe now
that i'm in town here she sees i'm alive but generally speaking we're a total island i mean the
moa's on her bitching about he's he's doing it because he's sandwich we're we're like a little
tiny piece of baloney in the middle of the sandwich we specialize in baloney by the way on a show
that's what we are but how can you be belly-ick at about being adjacent to the highest
rated to on a station i don't understand that he's the one that isolated himself from us not the other
way around he's the one who decided he was going to be the island that it was going to be him and
dirty boys against the world and now he's turned on them so i guess wqa and the new format is
moa against the world
got two sets of lips
i'm compacting it a stichula model that i'm all how i'd admit to the show
you know what we got here
hey moa if you say i'm trying to think i just want to tell you you even know where my life
again well i thought i smelled something fungiment it's the wrong of you no i won't
oh i split my bag here got that a lot of my weight where am i supposed to go
the hell you squeaky little bastard hey i don't think i got to see you boy you don't huh
no i think you need your balls examined my balls that's right now drop your pants so i can
examine them now you are the one a white in this business again yeah and don't pay my command okay
oh that's bigger than oscar mire truck yeah
jesus look at that look at my flashlight over here
where's your balls did it your pack of the python in your pants and no balls
i got balls there at the little oh yeah let's see what happens when i swear my foot
down on your foot that hurt mo hey your voice yes you sound quite a good to know yes quite right
it's a far far better way to sound i don't believe let me see if i can get a ball
i'll say something fall off the bone baby back ribs see that your balls dropped it
pretty good huh east of the rockies you like that yeah you like that yeah
let's see what happens when i put them back i'm putting them back see
sorry to say but you get a better way to me hey hey what are you doing this thing
you know i'm like a cobra yeah i can't hold it i'm going around me not to bounce
what's the plan
10 minutes till one at five sixty never to qm the little dog Joe Rose who also by the way hates
mole like poison he'll be longer one o'clock to learn for the mad dog
106 votes for Greg from port St. Lucie who with his 45 factions today has distinguished himself
as the most chronic of them all by far the mighty corn guy 81 Dennis 79 reverend johen 64
and Gilbert 61 and others are like a second wind here's a call from Orlando hello
hello no matter how bad it is there come to Orlando and i guarantee you it's 10 times worse no
thanks i finally found you on the internet thank god you are on the internet you're the only
life on the internet yeah so glad to find you so what happened to i.o.d what does that mean
how come on the stock while i saw Orlando on here how come i knew it was going to be a radio call
well i used to live on w.w.w. for five years sir i've been on the station for over five years
wow yeah is that okay that's okay okay see yeah five say but Tampa or Orlando it's almost 99%
of the time it's some kind of a radio call oh well you know up here in real radio and over here
in Tampa on wfla here's Miami hello hey i just wanted to see what you think of a guy like
a howard start what you think of him i wish i had his money that's my only comment about
really yes you don't respect anything he's done i didn't i didn't say that i'm like why would
you put words in my mouth i'm asking you i'm not putting that was my first responses i wish
i had his money he's enormously successful he's one of the few people in the world who's been
like number one in like just jivians of major markets and what can i say i don't listen to
his show anymore because he's a shadow of what he used to be when he was really funny years ago
but uh uh huh it's getting better no maybe i'll give it a shot okay thank you maybe i'm
listening to the wrong howard all i'm not even listening to him anymore maybe i'm looking for
some entertainment on the way to work in the morning maybe i listen to a Howard sperm but i don't
think so what do you think George now here's plantation hello hey Neil how you doing okay
i was listening to uh it's a mold earlier this morning who and he was actually uh he was actually
saying that he felt sorry for you because of your calls so i don't know if he doesn't listen to
this show uh how can he he said he said he said he listened to you a couple days ago or yesterday
and he said you know like he said he said he's a little flier for you because of the calls
and it's good chance to say good chance
and he said you know let me tell you what was that now wait wait it was a bad phone
yeah that belonged to an asshole wow what was he saying he no he turned the radio up
after he got far enough and he turned the radio up so he could hear him
sir he could hear the sound of his own voice good i hope you're squeezing it out sir
here
here's pompano hello pompano hello yes sir hey i love you
hello i'm here i'm listening i want to ask you a question that's all right
five six and take the phone out of your ass then maybe we can understand what they're saying
here's what's palm be tell him okay here's another one we can't hear it all
you can't hear me now i can hear you oh there you go how's it going
i got to have the dolphin song how do i get that George says there's no way that's beautiful
let me sit again no way here's Miami hello and yeah how you doing okay uh i just kind of i was
listening to a caller earlier talking about our david and um i just want to add my two cents and
hopefully somebody at the station is listening because i'm sure there's other people that share my
opinion how do you know that hello how do you know there's other people that share your opinion well
because i i talked to people who are sports fans like me and and and you know listeners of yours and
and we and and before you before you ever started you know whatever ripping him or whatever it is
you know bothering him doing the skits or whatever i never liked how are david from the beginning
everybody says oh he's a great football announcer i think that's subject you know to opinion i mean
how how can somebody to say oh he's great i mean you think he's great i think he sucks
i think more Howard gave it to an asshole on his show yeah he's an asshole on his dolphins call
and he's just an overall asshole i'd love to see the guy because i've never seen a picture and you're
always talking about his mouthy wig and whatever don't you have a computer well yeah well
we're on qam dot com and if you wear it says our hosts just click on host and you'll see the picture
him and guilty they're together that thing crawling around on most head what's funny and he probably
looks like Schmidt in the picture and and you know why don't you go look at it calender find out
five six seven oh five sixty maybe he's uh wants to do something while he's looking at the picture
i don't know he sounds pretty excited here's hollywood hello hi nail yes sir
commonality between the list that you have today and the assholes at the football and hockey games
everything else everybody's trying to be part of the action instead of going and watching and
paying your money to go see a protein play and that is the event not the no it's got nothing to
it no it has nothing to do with being part of the action it's just they want to be part of the
show that's why they're dressed up like idiots with fins on their heads and shoulder pads look i'm
i'm not talking about those people the people that come there who are fans and enthusiastic
i'm more power to them i'm not complaining about those people i'm complaining about the people
have no concept of i'm having a consideration for other people let us see the game
what the difference is if they come dressed up or whatever enthused about the team what's
wrong with that if they get involved in the show they want to be part of the show instead of
watching the game if if you were an athlete or or a fan a good fan you go there to watch the
game not to watch the circus that's going on around you or the drunk or the more i'm talking to
what's going on around me sir let me say it again has nothing to do with the people who are
dressed up with pants or outfits or whatever else but evidently there you must have waxy build-up
and you can't hear what i'm saying to you believe me that experience last night was tragic
it was said it broke my heart a sport that i love so much that's so great and so enjoyable when
played well which wasn't the first period in a half but after that got pretty exciting and i
couldn't see it i couldn't enjoy it because of a bunch of inconsiderate assholes and we've got all
these intellectuals out there and i like this guy and they're analyzing well these people want to
be a part of the show it's gotten under new that they're rude and they're assholes that's all simple
there's nothing complicated about it there are a bunch of rude assholes which is basically what
this town is all about and take the sports element out of it just go out there on a highway
anywhere you pick the road you pick the time of day or night and go out on the road
and what you see out there if you look it up in the dictionary you'll see a picture of that next
to rude assholes you'll see a picture of a south-floor to highway with a bunch of other idiots cutting
each other off making left turns like 10 seconds after the lights turned red all of these things
making right turns from the center lane cutting right in front of your ass doing
aberrant unacceptable things that you rarely see even in places like Rome where they drive like lunatics
but they need you know you just don't want to get it okay it's just me i'm a bad guy i'm just not
pleased when i'm here and i'll be gone soon here's a fortlaughter deal hello i'm getting quick
here's bokeh hello hello yes sir hey what's up meal how you doing pretty good
as first time i talked to you i talked to George once before and that one guy called before about
i don't know he was a fireman or something from brown county he's pretty right i just uh as one
to call say what's up in the cops uh later the fireman from brown or county you got the was that
on uh motion five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and for rise in line
hollywood hello oh i'm so tired Neil so tired i love you
here's howl and bill hello Neil yes sir
Neil how are you i was wondering if since mole uh you know uh if you then
hello i'm listening i'm listening miraculously you're still on yes is mole what
now try to find out it's Bob's soul okay five six seven oh five sixty another one of your
spicks see that's another thing man these people have just decimated this town make no mistake about it
i'm not saying that the yahu's haven't done their own good job but you folks have like come in
and put the finishing touches on this town whatever we had before it's done it's finito
in fact you know something maybe all the people that we used to talk for maybe they
wise up and took my advice maybe they've moved out maybe that's why we don't find them anymore
they're all gone and more power to them here's my any hello hey Neil how you doing okay i guess
yeah it's rough day man i'm so pretty hi the call you in about ten years i had to pitch you
in the day but you hit it on the head about the sporting events that's what turned me off
around this decrepit place it's like driving out here going trying to go to a sporting event
there's so many rude bastards like that yeah and also you know most it's something about uh he'd
like to get jiggie with you but i don't he he's up and down i tell you he's always talking about
kneel this kneel that and kneel scared of man ditch and i don't know i think he's trying to be
your partner now sir ain't gonna happen it ain't gonna happen it's so boring in the morning
kneel we look forward to the nine o'clock hour every wonderful day and you too
too late five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
now you know this is gonna be a very quick call here's hi alia hello
port st lucy hello hello Neil yes you're out of man man i listen to you every day and you've got the best
damn job in the world which i was you enjoy saying bye
here's dear field beach hello hey Neil yes sir hi i'm a member of the auto society
go what the auto bond society you're a bird watcher yes yeah and i'm trying to put a petition
together to have the moment hair piece uh designated a pigeon refuge um-hmm i was wondering if you
could help me get that together here's Miami hello Miami when is this you can't spell
without the train monkey call from daniel which we really get hello hello
yes sir yeah hi i was driving up i 95 and i thought that qa m finally put up a billboard and i
seen it was depot yeah unbelievable why is it unbelievable how many billboards have you seen for
qa m in last eight eight hundred years i'm sure back in the old days when they were like the only
game in town well you didn't really need them anyway but they still probably put them up back in a
rich char day back when the hey day when this station was like a real radio station and not whatever
the hell it is now anyway that's gonna bring it into another outtelling between the hockey game last
night and this experience these four hours here today believe you me how's my friend Helen
in air candidate doing it we got Joe Rose for the mad dog coming up next hang from the Bahamas at
three bye bye bye i want you to know i'm five sixteen million qa Miami port largaos yeah
