You're the one, the one.
Come on.
As you seek, as you see, as you see.
In theaters now.
That's a nice pick from the director of the Matrix.
Where are you loaded?
It's a prize to see me.
There it is.
The ex-lacks unloaded.
You take the red pill.
You stay in Wonderland.
No.
Way.
You take the blue pill.
The story ends.
You wake up in your bed and believe.
Whatever you want.
Do we proceed, yes?
You gotta go.
Here we go.
Let's jump.
The ex-lacks unloaded.
This has been a most unusual day.
Anybody out there do your homework over the weekend.
No.
That's our first question.
Nobody did it?
No.
You think they've done it?
No.
Okay, here's our preliminary poll for today.
Little quickie.
One hour poll.
Eric is going to get this up right away, right?
Okay.
What are you asking me?
Yes, sir.
Come on, Eric.
Let's get with it.
Okay, we don't have time for you to like, fiddle around.
Poll number one.
How do you rate the movie Requiem for a Dream?
Six choices.
Never saw it.
Neal's right.
It's great.
Good.
Okay.
Okay.
Week.
Or.
It sucks.
It sucks.
It sucks.
Now, it was on again on Independent Film Channel Friday night.
Right.
Saturday morning, 12, 15, and A.M. Meeting Friday night.
So it was there.
There's no excuse.
Six Wayne Newton 24.
Slice the load 23.
Julia Roberts 22.
Queen Latifa 21.
J. Leno Knight 20.
David Hasselhoff 19.
Marilyn Monroe 17.
New Heart 14.
Christine Aguilar 10.
Carol Channing 8.
You know why I was confused?
Because in their doding, in their doderage, they both looked like the same person.
Carol Channing and Phyllis Diller.
Okay.
Never seen together.
No, and throw Edie Gormay in there too.
Now, come on.
Oh, that's just another anti-Serman to Cow.
Is that what that was?
Colin Firl 7.
Colin Powell 49.
Dean Martin 6.
Kevin Coster 6.
Bono 6.
Being cross before, and Johnny Carson also with four out of 1732 votes.
See, I told you it was secular just to put Johnny Carson on there.
And I'd tell you that.
And we got faxes.
Now, now we can go ahead and put that new pull up there.
See, now, Eric was just waiting for me.
My bad.
Sorry.
He was waiting for me to read the pull from Friday.
Just way ahead of myself.
It's this new schedule.
Aren't you think that must be it?
Sure.
Why not?
Plus the fact that our sales department is like, they're AWOL.
Don't give them the Glen Gary leads.
Whatever you do.
Okay, not to that punch.
Well, seriously, don't give the Glen Gary leads to that sales department.
So over the weekend, I did see two more great movies.
And they both were excellent.
Glen Gary Glen Ross.
Sensational.
Al Pacino was playing PD Lenny in that movie.
Are you talking to me?
He was playing PD Lenny.
And Jack Lemon was so good, it was scary.
Yeah.
He was great.
And boy, if that movie didn't prove what I've always told you on it,
I'm going to show about sales people.
Sales people are ice holes.
Yeah.
It's sad.
You know, I think that's going to be tomorrow's pull.
I don't know how you worded.
But what job is the worst, the most, I don't know how you worded that.
I did.
I think I did it twice.
The worst job that you could have in South Florida.
But no, not in South Florida.
Forget about South Florida.
I'm just talking about the worst job you can have in general,
the most degrading job, maybe.
Oh, God.
How would you like to have to be a salesman?
Been there, done that.
Never mind.
Come on, don't you want to come on.
You want to buy some spots?
No.
Huh?
Anybody want to buy some spots?
No.
Not on this station lately.
Our sales department must be watching Glen Gary Glen Ross.
They ought to bring in Alec Baldwin just to do that scene.
Just to do that scene one time.
Sit those losers down to their desks and let him come in.
They were just re- just re- them and ask.
In fact, that whole thing looked like a typical QA themselves meeting.
Sure.
On my screw-in, put stuff just a little bit.
But we've got a lot of, a lot of factors here for over the weekend.
And I will say this from that poll that we had over the weekend about the most
over-weighted entertainer of all time.
The show ended two o'clock on Friday.
Problem being that the audience at that point all of a sudden got really motivated to start sending in names.
So we had about five million more names come in but a little bit too late.
Let's see.
Here's another list of movies.
I don't understand this.
What my sources see, these are also worth the time.
One of Stranger calls.
Excellent movie.
But what is the, what is this list?
I guess he wants you to see those movies.
Seeing it once upon a, oh it once upon a time in America's coming out on DVD in a, any minute very soon.
Okay, we'll get to that.
We're movie intensively in Wine Hell Not.
Also saw Memento for those of you doubting Thomas's out there who's, oh you'll watch the first five or 50 minutes of that and turn it off.
No, we did not.
I thought it was very good.
I mean it was some mind blowing.
Kind of like.
Yeah.
In other words, it's cerebral.
It's one of those that really is going to wave very heavily on your brain.
And if you're not, if you're not in the mood for that, then don't watch it because then you will shut it off.
Just write yourself a note on your arm.
Who will shut it off when it gets to the five minute mark?
Man.
You could, you could spend hours dissecting that movie.
And I have.
Have you?
Well, I mean in your case, what else are you going to do under the overpad?
Right.
I can't see all the homeless people out of the overpass.
Well, what do you think about Memento?
What about that scene where Attetti was, let's see, here's some facts about Ferelle.
The new guy Ferelle kicks ass.
It says.
Yeah.
Anybody that can say.
He's just like the kid's got a gun.
The mock goes and he's holding this package.
He comes out of the kids got two pistols.
Yeah, he's obsessed with packages.
Have you noticed that?
Yeah.
Says anybody that comes in and kicks Danny Boy and the balls is good by me.
Ferelle rocks.
Requiem for a dream.
What a great movie next to Johnny Depp and Fereloathing in Las Vegas.
Oh, I haven't got that yet.
Is that what we decided I should see?
I don't think so.
I didn't.
I couldn't get through it.
Really?
A lot of people had that problem.
I saw it.
I liked it.
The acting was great, but it is out there.
Like really?
That's not why I couldn't get through it.
Like with monsters running around because they're tripping into the monsters.
I don't know if it's why I couldn't get through it.
Oh, that good, huh?
Yeah.
Kind of like the Beast.
And I like Johnny Depp and Fereloathing.
By the way, if we're out a little tip, we love you.
We're delighted to have you, but keep the Beast off here as much as possible.
Okay, get him off.
That's the one thing I agree with Moa.
I mean, he is just, he's too much.
This is the Beast.
Yeah, go away, dude.
Go eat a few meals.
You and Zach, go have a couple of our breakfasts together.
William Boca, this facts about the, he says, finally back to back kick ass shows.
There you go.
We're finally having a little bit of fun here on the radio is what we're doing.
As opposed to that morbid depression crap we went through for well over a year with the
Mole Man.
The Mole Man.
Oh, go away.
Okay, let's see.
How do you rate the movie Requiem for Dream?
The new pull is up.
This is only the first hour.
Then I got a doggy pull.
Can you believe I'm actually thinking about getting another dog?
No, I can't believe that.
I'm thinking for up there.
Obviously.
No, not for up here.
I can't have a dog in my building for down there for my house.
Let's see.
Okay, just voted.
Neils right.
It's great.
Let's see.
21 votes already.
This is good.
Never saw it.
10.
Neils right.
It's great.
7.
Good.
2.
1.
Week.
1.
It sucks.
And nobody says, okay.
Well, whoever said it sucks.
We're going to come to your house and break both of your legs.
You have to have no taste.
You have to be the vanilla bean spec guy.
That's got to be the guy who said it sucks.
Maybe some people just don't like movies.
That could be it.
Or maybe they just don't understand if they don't get it.
Maybe they took too many orange pills before they watched it.
I mean, that movie was so good that it just shocked me right out of my seat.
You know what I mean?
When I sat down to watch it, I wasn't prepared for it to be that good.
But it was.
It was riveting.
It was mind blowing and you just get involved and you just your head starts spinning like a dreidel.
Sarah and we all feel like a little bit of Sarah Goldfarb is in us.
You want to say?
Or her?
Do something about that arm hairy.
Oh man.
Don't shoot in that thing.
Oh god.
Yeah, but the time he was in hospital is certainly looked just a little on the nasty.
Maybe like a little infected.
You know what I mean?
Just a little bit.
Wow.
Anyway, we'll get all these faxes into some calls and all our got a lot of good stuff going on now.
Almost feel like we got a real radio station going on except for our sales department who ought to be in Glen Gary Glen Ross.
Although you know something, we don't have any sales people who live up to any of those characters to adheris or alpino.
Or certainly not to Jack Lemon.
No, no, no way.
Well, I think Bob Eisenberg.
The closest we came was Pacino and of course he didn't do any more PD Lenny.
I think Bob Eisenberg is the Jack Lemon character.
Is he?
Sad.
Jewish.
Yeah.
Loser.
12 minutes active 10 at 5.6 in bad here.
How low can they go?
Now the financial group.
Now what is that?
It's a bond goes.
You see this?
No.
Gonna be bond goes?
Oh yeah, it's a matter of fact.
Now the financial group does the limbo one of the lowest in financial aid.
How low?
1.95%.
That's right.
It's true.
Now you can refinance your home or buy a new home and get super low.
1.95% financing with financial group.
Call 180940 land.
That's 180940 land.
Music.
If you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate, call
financial group 180940 land and talk about savings, check this out when in doubt.
A $100,000 loan, you pay only $368 a month.
If you have a $200,000 loan, your payment's only $736 a month.
Call financial group at 180940 land and get the low, low, amazing rate you're looking
for 1.95% interest rates at all time low.
So don't wait, call now and get the amazing rate of 1.95% from financial group.
1.894.0 land.
They'll explain it to you.
That's financial group 1.80940 LED.
The Renekville Housing Lender, credit restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR.
My name is Paul.
This is 4205 City.
You way up.
For Riddians, done as dirt.
I don't think that's one that's going to be on my list.
Matrix Parts 1 through 100.
I don't think that's going to be on my list.
I don't think that's going to be on my list.
I don't think that's going to be on my list.
I don't think that's going to be on my list.
I don't think that's going to be on my list.
I don't think that's going to be on my list.
I don't think that's going to be on my list.
I don't think that's going to be on my list.
I don't think that's going to be on my list.
I don't think that's going to be on my list.
I don't think that's going to be on my list.
I don't think that's going to be on my list.
I don't think that's going to be on my list.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
I know that.
50 years after you graduate. No thanks. No thank you. You know what I mean? Right. Oh yeah.
This sad looking old man. He's there in the stream and he's like, oh my god. I mean,
wasn't bad enough that he got the raccoon eyes right off the bat in the movie. What happened to him anyway, Craig Schiffer?
I don't know. Somebody beat him up with a baseball bat and just shoveled both eyes back into the...
No, it's a pretty good movie. River runs through it. It's low key. And daddy who was very low key, very low key,
preacher daddy, he hit a red on the head when after a red pit died. He said he was beautiful.
What do you like about that? That to me is now course being, you know where I'm coming from being old.
But he sure was. I think it right on that. He sure was. He ain't too beautiful no more probably,
but he sure was beautiful. Well, it's pretty unusual. You don't find in most movies which are geared
toward heterosexual mainstream America. You don't find most movies calling a guy beautiful, you know? Right.
But it is interesting about Brad Pitt. He must not be threatening. I don't know what it is. But you notice...
Brad Pitt guy. Yeah. See, anybody male, female, children, animals, everybody in this country seems feels comfortable saying, oh yeah,
he's a beautiful guy. Brad Pitt. He said that about anybody else. They like, you get their dander up.
They start picking dander lines. Here's a fact from Jim who says, might of your past views about John Henry's
Boston Red Sox who weren't Toronto this weekend. I thought you'd be interested in this extraordinary sentence.
And the Red Sox notebook in the Boston Globe May 28. Medical personnel will meet the...
with the socks this afternoon to educate them on the SARS virus. Some players have expressed concern about playing in the
city meaning Toronto which also has had cases of mad cow disease recently. Oh god.
As a precaution, Nesson will not do the in-crowd interviews during this series. Oh, so what are the Red Sox letters here?
They'll be between the rest, beside getting their ass kicked every day, but a blue jays. Oh, I love that.
Also had cases of mad cow disease. They had one cow in Alberta, which is about a city of miles from here.
One cow that had mad cow disease. But now we got SARS, we got mad cow, we got... Oh, it's Jesus. Fak Bacon.
Yeah, you know, I'll tell you one thing. For all the right about Boston and its sports teams in their fans, first of the Red Sox fans.
And the Bruins fans and the Celtics. They suck.
Including some of the guys who broadcast their games over the years. I don't want to mention anybody who used to do the Zelda games. Sucks.
Here's the fact that says I'm not a sports fan, but I love the new guy Scott this morning only cut the last hour of his broadcast.
He made my morning. I was laughing out loud. I love that he had the balls to say what he said about Dan Marino being in Dan Marino land.
I am horrified by the article you read about the guy in the chat room. Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob. I'm seriously thinking to move into Canada.
Also, George, see, this is before you. They found your little dog. Right. I'm so sorry about your dog. I love my pets as much as I love my daughter.
I'd be frank. It good luck. In fact, George said he would mind to have lost the little girl. Not that Sabrina. Of course.
A little agree. He would have. Now that's see, you're going to not going to give me an honest answer with that. If you had a choice between losing your little dog and the new little baby that you didn't want.
I mean, dog. Thanks, Linda. Yeah, I know you want to go home again. So George got his dog back. If anybody missed the later part of the show Friday.
I'm thinking about getting another dog. I don't know why I just dogs have been such an important part of my life the last 14 years.
That when I go home, it feels like there's something missing. They've done studies that lowered blood pressure elongates your life. Yeah. If you have a pet.
Anyway, here's the facts that says because nobody's perfect. We don't want him to get a swelled head.
Freeweed on Franklin says I think for well sucks. He's got no talent or knowledge about anything. He's not. He sounds like the illegitimate illegitimate shot of the water Nazi and Carl from sling blade. Yeah. What's your point? He's great. He's losing a little hair and back.
I think the over under for for all to be about 30 man that's 30 minutes more than we need to hear. I think hearing Dwight Lutterdale eating and bishops dried out acid be more entertaining.
What a disgusting thought. Did you ever see Dwight Lutterdale and fuzzy bear from the muppets in the same room together? Who?
Fuzzy bear from the muppets. You should know that you got a final kid. Patrick and Boko Facts is what they're sure were busy with the facts over the weekend.
Yeah, weren't they? Yeah. Two suggestions for cards or what do you think he means?
Carts. Is that what you try to say Patrick? Carts from Rick William for a dream. Be excited. Be be excited. We don't have that but we have. Be afraid. Be very afraid. And we got a winner.
I do like that. That guy is great. That more townie junior. Look like that guy's sensational. We got a winner.
But you'll notice the one interesting thing she never during the entire movie she never turns on the TV with there's anything different but that that program on. Right. Always on.
Also with some of the QM tell Mo he's been demoted. He hasn't figured it out yet. He is an assholes as Patrick. You got your thumb on it Patrick and Boko.
You know, Memento I'm thinking they if they would have named it properly should have been called Demento not Memento. Yeah.
I mean it's you should pop a couple of pills before you watch. You can tell you which colors.
Because it is a mind blowing experience. Just write it down on your shoulder or mind or pop the green one at the end of.
Let's see how many votes we got on here. How do you rate Requiem for a dream? And this of course was your homework.
It's been on a couple of times on independent film channel since we started talking about it. 114 votes.
Never saw it 65 57% never saw what is wrong with you people try to turn you on to something good.
And they got excuses there busy watching the Marlon game not. I mean what is it that they're doing probably playing golf.
A lot of golf. Niels write it's great 27. It sucks 9. Good 9. Week 2 and OK 1. 9 people say it sucks. I don't believe it.
Could it be possible if there are 9 people with such unjust nasty elective taste in the universe? I don't think so.
I don't believe it. The professional contrary assholes.
Now let's see Georgian the Boehner boy trying to talk me to watching shallow grave training day.
And then I looked on the what's almost I looking for you might not like training day it's a Denzel movie.
I don't know if you have a problem with him. No. Did a really good job in it. What does that mean? Do I have a problem with Denzel Washington? Why is that? I don't know.
Didn't I just love seven? Did you? Yeah. OK until we got to the what's the box?
That's more than that. Yeah one thing about Brad Pitt he's like either very good or very bad you know.
Am I right? Yeah. I mean that movie what was the movie I we just mentioned before when we went on that list.
Rebugs where they had his hair a dye blonde. Oh, that movie to the type that one. I mean nice about oh.
I saw that clips from that movie so help me. I mean that was enough to just make you want a bar.
Well when he puts on the bad phony accent that's when he's really bad. He does the worst phony with like the southern draw.
You know I'll do the worst early grace. Oh good. Golly Miss Molly. He's either very very good or very score short bad.
He's the pits. Anyway here's this long list of clicks. See my goal is since I know nothing about movies.
Remember the day that somebody bitched us out that thanks we got well gee I never heard anybody you guys know nothing at all about movies.
Well I don't know it's just it's never been my hobby. If you're going to watch a lot of recent and old movies it's got to be a hobby of yours.
Now that I got my DVD player up here and I got plenty of time. Oh let me also tell you one other thing.
This this going back to 10 to 2 is the great one hour makes such an incredible difference in my life.
I can stay up till like 11 30 or midnight I can watch movies late at night I can like like I have a life again.
That 9 to 1 crap I was like doing a morning show right and when you get to be a daughtering old man.
I don't want to mention no names when you get to be a daughtering old man.
The last thing in the world you want to do is have to go to bed real early and get up real early in the morning.
And after years talk about having your biological clock praying.
This has been like somebody gave me my life back.
So thanks a lot to somebody. I would thank Greg but of course he's the one that screwed me up in the first place.
It just has made all the difference in the world I feel like seriously like somebody has given me my goddamn life back.
28 past 10 at 560 WQA. Barbecues galore what a place they have an exceptional selection of grills that you won't find any place else because nobody else has them.
This week check out their incredible deal on the three burner barbecues chef for only 199 bucks with 42,000 BTUs, a 625 square inch cooking area and a built in hood thermometer.
You can't beat this deal for a propane or natural gas grill.
For all you traditionalists out there check out the beef master charcoal grill for 199 bucks with more than 600 square inches of cooking space cast iron cooking grills and adjustable fire grate and a full width ash catcher.
Both of these grills will make a perfect father's day gift. What day is father's day?
Day 8.
I'll be sure and get that something more.
And speaking of fathers day barbecues galore has got hundreds of great gift ideas for dad for under 50 bucks.
Barbecues galore carries the biggest selection of barbecues and accessories including liquid propane, natural gas, charcoal, smokers, tailgate supplies, all.
Here comes one of the best parts at the guaranteed lowest prices in the universe too.
Also take advantage of no payments same as cash financing until January 2004 on approved credit.
Barbecues galore you'll find stores and plantation and university driving a fountain shopping center called 954 423-1400.
And it crawls springs at 7485 West sample row that's corner sample in Rock Island.
Call them there at 954-757-6668.
Now that it's 100 degrees every day in the shade this is something you ought to be thinking about.
A trip to Barbecues galore everything you need for Barbecuing and waiting for you in one great store.
My, my, and local. We're sports radio 560s you and you a.m.
And you're a big is a pocket lot.
Double D's belong in a D cup. You see on and I pay 20 grand for it and I have just to see them.
No, no, no, no, don't it all. We seem to go.
That you don't know it's every other than not but it appears pretty nice.
The spring is a twok in love.
Hey, follow, follow, take a look at what I've seen out.
Only a sheet of one set of melons to struggle about the birds and the bees.
Please don't it always seem to go.
But you don't know it's every other than not but it appears pretty nice.
The spring is a twok in love.
I've passed pretty nice. There is big is a twok in love.
PEP33, you know, I'm thinking every day we ought to do all our work.
I get a little bit nervous about it too bad.
Give a little exercise. Okay, work off a couple of calories.
Every day between 10 and 11 what we ought to do is do a preliminary pool prior to our regular pool for the day.
Okay, I'm on a different movie every day.
Okay, the pre-pull.
Like tomorrow we could do memento.
Or I'm just mentioning that in passing.
Could be anything. Could be a happiness or unhappiness.
Here's a fact that says the narrator for a river that runs through it is Robert Redford.
Well, I'll be damned.
Another similar great-fret pit movie.
I never said that a river runs through it was great.
Now you get a little bit carried away. It was it was schalzy.
It was it was fine.
You know, it was good.
It was certainly wasn't a great movie.
It's not in the same lead with.
But anyway, legends of the fall, I noticed that you got like an ass-terrisc.
Yeah.
And said much better though similar.
Oh, much better than a river runs through it.
Yeah, another montane of Brad Pitt's and Montanagan.
But this one has more meat.
It's they take off and do some world.
It has more of Brad Pitt's meat.
Well, I'll be sure.
Yeah, it does.
It does. It's way more interesting.
What do you mean by that?
Don't give me the big tea.
Oh, I don't remember how much of his meat he shows.
I don't know.
Well, we already seen it on the internet.
I can believe he was like skinnier and so-
So hunting.
It was like a crochet needle.
Fight tug. Grizzly.
It's got stuff.
Yeah.
Did you just think it looked like a crochet needle?
Of course, true.
Have you ever reeked more than yesterday at the end of the day?
No, not really.
Anyway, so, and also the same facts.
It was off to such a good start this fact that was so promising that it says,
Requiem for a dream hated the first 20 minutes and couldn't continue boring.
The opening credits weren't boring enough.
I want to cry.
I just really want to cry.
How could anybody say that that movie was boring?
Especially anybody who lives in South Florida.
When she goes outside with her little fold up chair.
Oh, I mean, that's South Florida folks.
I hate to break the news to you.
Especially those of us who've been around long enough to remember the pre-South Beach glory days.
Back in the days when South Beach had degenerated and nothing but a bunch of ACLFs and nursing homes.
Right.
And all the old Yenthas were sitting out there on their lawn chairs all day staring up into space.
That was South Beach, baby.
When I was at WS News, one of my sponsors was, or maybe was on KAT, long time ago, the Continental.
You know what the Continental was?
It was an adult communal living facility in ACLF.
Now, of course, that was back in the days.
That was like almost 30 years ago.
So I was like living and breathing at that point, like a young man compared to a daughtering old fart that I am now.
And of course, when you advertise for some of these people, you have to go out and see their joint.
Oh, wow.
I remember like it was only yesterday that tore through the Continental, the ACLF.
Oh, it's so smalty in there.
In fact, I think I saw Sarah Goldfarb in there.
She was just kind of staring off in the space.
Nice haircut, Sarah.
Yeah, nice do, honey.
What do you do?
Anyway, here's the fact that she said, did you see?
Oh, and this is embarrassing to me because the pull we did over the weekend, we left off such obvious choices that I just wanted to say.
And it's not our fault. The audience is fault.
We gave you four hours to call in with your suggestions.
God.
It says, did you see the key and who Reeves?
He should have been on air.
The star of highly acclaimed motion picture such as Bill and Ted Dexel and Adventure and Speed 1 and 2 is getting 15% of the gross off the two matrix movies.
That comes out to a little more than $200 million, $200 freaking million.
Mr. Reeves just passed Oprah and Vanna White.
The top of the list of no talented filthy rich American icons on six is this fact.
Yeah, Vanna White and Pat Sejak, how come they weren't on our list right?
Because of them.
Oh, brother, because of the audience.
I mean, two such very obvious choices.
Here's John in Miami who wants me to plug another thing.
I'll think about it, John.
Okay, you're using the show to the point of, you know, I'm having a good time here and it's a meeting of a debate about the Patriot Act.
You know, I mean, that's all well and good.
Are they going to change anything?
No.
They're going to change nothing.
I mean, we'll continue putting stuff up on the website and all day and once in a while I'll read a couple of bedtime stories if there's something really good.
But we're not going to make any, we're not going to change the world.
Let's face it, you're screwed.
You're F. We're all screwed.
So all you can do is just do the best you can.
Enjoy your life and do the best you can.
And vote for anybody but Bush next year.
That's all I can tell you.
Here's a call from Miami Lakes. Hello.
Yeah, God.
Yes, sir.
What a weekend.
Again, it's so good to have you back.
I was, what a fast name week.
At first of all last night they had that show 44 minutes.
The L.A. shootout on Fox.
And I'm watching.
The guy says, ain't that a load of S.
And he said the whole word.
And I said, wait, this isn't cable.
They never said that.
That's what's cable.
They, I'm sorry.
Nothing.
They don't, not only said the S word, but they also showed one of the perpetrators given the finger.
I thought that was, there was a no-no.
But then I was watching.
Why is that?
Why is that a no-no?
Oh, I don't know.
Just assume that unless you're on cable, you can't get the bird.
What's on cable?
Oh, okay.
And I was watching the book clubs.
You should have seen O'Reilly and Al Franken go at it.
Al Franken was chewing him up.
He came up with a new book about lives and liars.
And the lives that they just tried to deceive.
It's the whole thing about how the Republicans are trying to convince everybody that the Democrats are weasels.
When in fact, they're not prepared to go on at it.
They don't have to convince me that Democrats are weasels.
Michael Moore is the man for president.
This is the only one that makes sense to me.
Hey, man.
And by the way, General Rees wasn't in speed two, but I agree with you on the poll.
Okay, thanks.
I'm just reading the facts.
Okay, I'm not a Kiano Reeves fan.
Although he was good in that one movie, which you didn't see.
And I can never think of the name of it about the one where he's like plays the ass murderer.
And he's kidnapped the, kidnaps the broadener up there on the roof.
And then I can't think of who else was in there.
You know what I'm talking about, Bonaboy?
No, I don't think so.
He plays the nutcase and he kidnaps the chicken.
They're up there on the roof and he's got her tied up and whatever that is.
Well, I'm compelled.
No, it was a pretty good movie.
But other than that, I can look at how Kiano Reeves, he just leaves me limp.
And then there's this long list on his one facts of all these movies which I mentioned before.
One of Stranger calls, which we've already talked about that a million times.
Have you checked the children?
We put that line on that movie drop-in thing.
Remember that?
I'll write it down on your arm.
Last temptation of Christ didn't see that.
It was good.
In fact, I didn't see almost any of these.
Spinal tap.
It's the low key comedy.
Just the murky graffiti.
Saw that, of course.
Butchery boy.
Hey.
Vener Boy.
Never thought it.
But I want to.
Six degrees of separation.
I didn't see Butchery Boy.
And degrees of separation is probably the worst suit movie ever.
Okay.
Great.
Once upon a time in America, like I said, it's great.
It's about 75 hours long and it's coming out on DVD any minute.
The great dictator, the brothers McMullen, lost highway, blow up.
Don't look now.
Welcome to the Dollhouse.
That's the same director who did the happiness.
And I did see that, but I forgot.
Oh.
The producer and the doctor.
Hello, doctor.
Oh, speaking of doctors, must go to the doctor tomorrow.
Oh, I should mention that.
Welcome.
Just give you a clue as to what it is.
What?
Well, he's reaching that point in his life.
You know, we all get a little bit older.
It happens to the best of us.
It'll happen to you too, mister.
When I got to check out your Hershey highway.
Welcome.
That's right.
As a matter of fact, I have a feeling when that doctor looks in there
with that little periscope tomorrow.
He's going to discover there's been a lot of traffic on that highway.
10 to 41.
He hits my drift.
Oh, my God.
Me, Josh, Joe, Zee, and Tree the Engineer, man.
Oh, I see.
In the middle of a tape and feral door, I got part of the beast.
Listen, go away.
He's going to make a bad mistake if he puts that punk on the ear a lot.
Stop making him like your sidekick.
Oh, I can't think of anything worse.
It would be like an act of self-destruction on his part.
Now, how's the pull coming?
How do you rate the movie Requiem for a Dream?
199 votes already?
Well, at least they're responding anyway, even though they didn't do their homework.
Never saw it.
116%.
Never seen it yet.
Well, at least there's some hope there, right?
There's some.
Neal's right.
It's great.
50.
Well, that's the leading category.
Let's hear it.
25%.
50 people say it's great.
Good.
17.
It sucks 14.
Week 4 and OK.
Just two.
OK.
I don't know what is with you people, huh?
Paper or plastic.
Vanilla bean speck or vanilla just plain.
Without the beans.
And I was just telling George and Bonerboy before the show this morning I discovered bacon, precooked bacon.
See, there's another category.
It's never too old to start learning things because I never cook bacon before.
I was talking about it last week and I got all these suggestions.
All one of them.
What's the way to do it?
I don't remember having to sizzle in.
Remember that?
Yes.
That wasn't bad.
Yeah, but didn't it cause your guts to like fall out or something like that?
I'm telling you, if I keep eating this much bacon, I might go and make another batch during the break.
Oh, no, I can't not do it in these breaks today.
I don't know.
That's one good thing.
Oh, that's a bacon.
Mm-hmm.
No, not that kind.
Not unless there's another Brad Pitt movie.
Now he's, you know, although that one movie, what was it across the Toulouse-Latrac?
Yeah.
Was that it?
That is with Ricky Schroeder.
He looked really good in that movie, boy.
He looked really, in fact there was no story there.
It was very depressing.
It was morbid.
And didn't he also get to craft feed out of a minat movie?
Yeah.
But a drug dealer.
Yeah, oh, that's right.
Drug dealer.
And so this is Brad Pitt's role in life because he looks so good.
We got to kick the crap out of him, which of course was the basis for that whole movie, the fight club.
Just beat the crap out of him.
Just put his nose where his ass used to be.
I'll teach him a lesson for looking so good.
Plus he's got a crochet needle for a penis.
1043 at 560 WQM.
Here's something that's really great.
Oliomed.
Oliomed, soft-tales contain the finest olive oil.
You'll find even with a search party.
Not just ordinary everyday pedestrian olive oil, but super concentrated, good stuff.
Loaded with health benefits for you.
Oliomed in your mouth every day can produce that risk of heart disease and high cholesterol.
And now there are 14 count them, 14 different Oliomed formulas for you to choose from.
Each one combining the best olive oil with vitamins and minerals, herbals to support specific health needs.
From your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system.
All you do is just pick out the formulas that are right for you and the parts of your health that you need to work on.
Now there are three new Oliomed formulas.
Want to help you sleep?
Want to help you control your weight?
And sell Q10 for your heart.
Fix them up today at Public's Records, Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarro's and Sedano's.
Here's something good to pop in your mouth.
If only Cera would have been doing Oliomed, you know what?
You can order it online, oliomedamerica.com.
Or if you want more information on the products called Tool Free, 1-866-Oliomed.
That's 1-866-653663.
Pick up some Oliomed today and for better health, start popping it in your lovely push.
My, and local, this is Fort Real 560.
Way, way, yeah.
It's day, birds with my heavy tongue.
At 560 WQA.
Oh!
Oh, Mr. Lector.
To save me a piece.
I'm disappointed you passed on clearing.
Still eating people right after you kill them.
Not even leaning behind a tiny crow, the lectern.
Finger again.
He cleansed people, tastes just like chicken.
If you see a handful of the streets.
Better honor you, I dead meat.
I'm the label.
Mr. Lector, I've got two ass.
How dare you eat things through that funky mask.
Though it looks good, you can't move your jaw.
The first cannibal to use a silly straw collector.
I wish I saw you pay a visit to Jebacan.
Keep the clinthins on your next free.
Just remember, I've come today, see.
I think I just figured out how we keep Fatboy and Zach in the Josh treatment alive.
It's the Doctor Lector mask with a red ball in the mouth.
Huh?
From three months.
How about tomorrow we do in the first hour Glen Gary Glen Ross?
Okay.
You think?
I'm up for that.
Because I know that's one of your very favorites.
And in mine too, I thought it was great.
I normally don't like those kinds of movies.
Oh, it was excellent.
And Jack Lemon was so damn good that it was really scary.
I had no idea that he could actually act like that.
I mean, I always liked him.
Why do you say that?
Because I've never seen him in heavy drama.
You saw Mass Appeal?
Yeah, but I forgot.
No, that was a good movie.
All you anti-religion, anti-catular church people definitely ought to see Mass Appeal with Jack Lemon.
In fact, we should start adding that to our list.
But tomorrow we'll do Glen Gary Glen Ross.
How do you rate Requiem for a dream we're asking today in our 9-10, uh, 10-10 to Willock, excuse me.
See?
Force I have it.
226 votes.
Never saw it.
122.
53.9%.
Niels write it's great.
57.
Good.
21.
See, we're making progress.
It sucks 16.
Okay.
Five.
Just okay.
Okay.
And weak four.
So the negative votes are 20 out of 226.
Not really all that bad, huh?
No.
One of the 10 best movies of all time.
You can bet, uh, Beenerboy's life on it.
Okay, and make no mistake.
Oh, Beenerboy ain't getting paid this next payday.
I'm the 10th.
How about that?
Is that for real?
Is he just pulling your leg about that?
That's for real.
Hey, listen, Clarice, I don't want to start giving any directions in life, but you're supposed to be the program director.
You're about 15 years old and you're already, uh, at least in name, the program director of a major marker radio station.
Why don't you like get with it?
Okay, start being like a bench and stopping an overgrown child.
You know, he's got to be on the U.M. out there.
Would it be sweating and farting and puking and doing U.M.?
Is that being the sports nerd?
Okay, Clarice?
You're supposed to be beyond that.
If you're going to play the role of the program director, you have to graduate beyond that.
Especially if our operations manager tomorrow goes through the test and they find some kind of thing crawling around in his...
Correct him.
Wow.
Wouldn't that be something?
Good luck on your test tomorrow, uh, Mr. Hypo-Kon, I mean, Mr. Operations Manager.
God, he is such a Heppocon, you know what, Muff?
Man, a real basket case.
I don't think he ought to be watching Requiem for a Dream.
You know what I mean?
It might...
Might set him back a little bit.
Like, that's right.
No, he's just too emotionally unstable to watch a movie like that.
Let me say this if you're emotionally unstable, do not watch Requiem for a Dream or definitely not Momento.
Because if you have like certain emotional problems and you watch Momento,
you'll be like right in crap all over your body and on walls.
In fact, that goes back to the graffiti thing we're talking about.
Right.
He'll be writing messages all over the goddamn place.
Of course, there is no such thing as graffiti I just made it up.
Just like glory holes.
I just made it...
Man, he factored that.
Just aggravated all the heteros out there.
There's no such thing as a glory hole, is there?
A part of your state.
So Joe Z is a funky looking guy.
Even he recognized the old penis face when he saw him.
Yeah, I've seen something look like that before.
Here's the call from West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Neil, good morning.
How are you?
Yes, sir.
When is the STS, sir?
I've seen a movie House of Games with Joe Massagnya.
I didn't want movie like PJ Walch is in there.
It's like an ensemble of...
I don't want to give anything about the movie away because it's such a great movie.
House of Games?
House of Games with Joe Massagnya.
I think it is.
I think that's how you say this last time.
He seems like the hood and got another three.
Right.
And then it's like a ensemble of a lot of fine actors.
And then $20, you see the $20 bill or $20 bucks?
It's like what happens to a $20 bill on a 24 hour in a typical day of a $20 bill?
What happens to it?
Mm-hmm.
It's got, again, a lot of like that steep machine needs in it.
And there's a lot of character actors that you know,
you might have another name.
Oh yeah, I know that guy.
Yeah.
I've seen him a little bit in time.
You're a really good movie, so I think you're right.
Okay, get on on my list, pal.
Thanks.
All right.
I'm compiling a list because I've seen other than ravenous.
I've seen all the movies that I went out and bought.
And I'm trying to think, well, no, there were some...
No, I did not see all the movies because they didn't watch kids.
And what was the other one that you were suck me into getting gum-owed?
Oh yeah, that's a bit...
The kids in gum-o after watching Bully.
I'd like to take the three of those and stick them up somebody's ass,
whoever suggested I get them.
God.
This boner boy, man, we better, you know, you and clearance together,
maybe we can get you a package deal.
Go to what they call grow-up school a little bit.
Just advance a little bit.
For a package deal?
Yeah.
Seriously.
You have to advance beyond that because you were doing so well,
giving a solicitor a really good flex,
and then you come up with kids and Bully.
I don't know what I was thinking.
Oh.
Especially since I haven't seen that one.
Huh?
Especially since I haven't seen Bully's yet.
You were the one who recommended it.
Okay.
Was it me or was that you?
It was me.
Huh?
It was me.
Oh, it was George that done it.
Well, the audience is on to you.
They were right.
I always defended you, but you know,
you're taste sometimes really sucks.
5, 6, 7, 05.
We're going to do a dog pool starting at 10.05,
which I don't know.
It's kind of like paper and plastic.
But I think it's interesting.
What's the best breed of a dog for a pet?
Now, you know what I'm voting?
I'm voting Golden Retriever.
And then also, I hate dogs.
Don't know never had a dog.
And then we'll make out the list.
Do you want to vote Pomeranian?
No.
No, I'm not going to put that.
I mean, I like our little dog,
but I don't like Pomeranians as a rule.
Really?
Then why did you get it?
It was free.
Remember?
You can go down to the pound,
the animal shelter.
You can go down to our friends at a band and pet rescue.
And you don't have to spend a lot of money
to get a nice dog.
Remember, it was a gift for the wife.
Oh, for the wife.
For the wife.
The wife always wanted a little dog.
She could carry in a little French bag.
You notice one thing?
Boner-boner-boner-boner-boy.
You notice there was George.
George has compartments for everybody.
Everybody's got, it's the wife, the kid, the dog,
the old man, the, uh...
Everyone has a title.
The drug dealer, you know, whatever it is.
Everybody has a title.
The wife.
Nobody has a name.
They just all have a title.
I guess it's easy that way.
You don't have to write like a lot of stuff on your arms.
That's right.
That was a damn good movie.
And on the more I think about it, the more I realize they're actually liked it.
And then I can understand those people that would say,
wow, you know, after the first five or 15 minutes,
you're going to turn it off.
I can understand that.
That backwards format pisses some people off.
But if it's not only backwards, it's like all over the place.
It's not just backwards.
I mean, uh... everywhere.
And what was the name of that motel again?
The dude dropped in.
There were a couple of times I wanted to yell out during the movie.
Hey, that's Teddy, you asshole.
That's Teddy, you idiot.
Jesus Christ, don't you know by now?
Man, don't believe his lies.
Oh, never, don't, yeah.
Don't believe his lies.
And then how about the scene where the abroad?
What that was her name?
And what was the thing on her lip?
That was driving me nuts, Shanker.
No, seriously, because it would come and go like from one scene to the next.
They're not necessarily in the right order.
I think if you want to rewatch it to try to find a mistake,
I think that's where you'll find it.
I think that was a continuity error.
Because the thing where he beat this snot out of her
and then she came back, well, I should probably not tell.
Yeah.
And she said it was the drug dealer that beat her up.
And of course, he forgot that he's the one that beat the crap
because she was saying groteses things about his wife.
Very good job.
Really?
What was the name of the actor and end who played Leonard?
Oh, um...
Yeah.
Guy Pierce.
Guy Pierce, good job.
Excellent.
260 votes on the pool.
How do you end a course?
We'll close it out after this first hour.
I like this idea that 10 to 11 movie thing hour.
We don't know what it's going to mean.
We got to talk about it every day.
But we'll just put it up there, different one every day.
Which means in the next couple of years, we can have like hundreds,
hundreds of movies.
This is where it's at.
Look what a wonderful thing will be doing for the DVD business,
local legitimate and pirate.
I mean, who would do that?
Criminals.
Same people with steel cable boxes, satellite signals, things like that.
Crooks.
This on is people.
Sales people.
Skahn.
260 votes on the pool.
The DVD's votes never saw 144 over 55% of the audience have never seen
Reckway and Procreme.
Get with it, God damn it.
You'll thank me because look at this, 62 people, St. Neils write it's great.
24 said it's good.
18, it sucks.
Six said it was...
Okay.
Okay.
And five said weak.
So far.
That's not a bad-mating average for a hard-ass crowd like this.
This is it.
No.
It should be a lot better though.
I don't...
I just don't get it.
Of course there are different people who just...
I don't know.
They like Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom and Gloom.
I guess that's what they like.
There's plenty of Doom and Gloom in this movie.
It's more like Indiana Schwartz and the Temple of Gloom.
In fact, Sarah, maybe if you would have gone to Temple instead of watching
a damn stupid TV show.
We got a winner.
And you notice that show didn't have a name.
Did it?
Not that I recall.
Now, I don't think that's your head of name.
And he didn't have a name either.
The Morke Downey Jr.
looked like the host.
It might have.
We might have missed it.
I don't think so.
Well, I'll watch it again this afternoon.
Two or three times.
While I'm popping my reds and greens.
10, 58, and 5, 60.
WDQM, where our motto is all the pills.
All the time.
Hey, I'll tell you one thing.
You can take diet pills.
They'll kill you.
Here's every scan going under the sun.
They got...
What is this...
What is the name of that Pilates?
Windsor Pilates.
Have you seen that in the commercial?
What a scam.
What is that?
Scissor legs.
And you can't take great body.
And all the stars.
Yeah.
All the stars are doing the old scissor legs.
And the weight just pours off your body.
Forget about that crap, okay?
If you want to lose some weight, you sure ought to try balance for life.
Because it takes all your scissor legs exercises away.
All you have to do is open up your little black sack.
That's where it's at is in the sack.
That's what I always say.
Just check out that sack.
Balance for a lot combines the knowledge of the zone diet.
With special emphasis on the glycemic values of carbohydrates,
which controls your sugar levels, and they deliver right here dough at your home at your office,
wherever you want them to deliver, three delicious gourmet meals,
and two snacks right in the sack right to your doorstep every day.
Got enough food for the whole day.
No little teeny tiny portions.
You've got plenty of food to keep you satisfied all day long.
And you get two choices for each meal and snack every day that's around the program.
Everything is fresh.
Delicious.
There are chicken dishes and beef and omelettes and crepes and all kinds of good stuff.
And too many of the crepes that will make you crepes.
So if you want to lose weight, get with the real weight loss program.
Even our good buddy, Ponytail, at the pizza lot,
who's surrounded by food all the time, even he lost a lot of weight on balance for life.
This might be the thing you've been looking for.
Give it a shot.
Balance for life, call him at 954-568-3229.
954-568-3229.
Or check him out in that worldwide wicked web and watch results on that scale within just a matter of days.
BalanceForLife.com.
My life and look all this is sports radio 560.
You ain't can't wait.
Dude, that was fucking sweet.
He was a major star always on top.
How you doin'?
And he's perfect.
Training places and family health problems.
Bruce!
I still got the magic.
So what the hell happened now?
He's a nightmare.
nightmare!
What do you mean?
He's making crap.
Crap.
Like, like, daddy day care.
The more he's good man, he should retire.
I'm tired.
Yeah.
I'm tired.
Dude, I was a doctor.
Close.
Very big fat dude.
Money, look.
Holy man and both.
I got to tell you that one thing, your thing was a piece of crap by a green.
It ain't my face doing more stupid stuff.
It's about the money.
The money.
Showtime and I spy stuff.
They went nowhere.
That's also because he's making crap.
Crap.
Like, like, daddy day care.
Oh man, he's a funny scene with daddy day care man.
When he can't piece all over the toilet.
Pull the race stuck, but maybe like some money.
I made a fortune like, move away baby.
Look all the child just wasn't funny.
And it made me true wasn't funny but that's a cute care man.
You see that kid's face?
He's like a doll.
Like, he'll partially make me black little doll.
You kid, not funny but cute.
Daddy day care man makes some major cash.
You ain't kid man, it better I got a fact in deal.
But here comes the major hot news class.
Oh man, you been in something again.
It's the latest that he must be trash.
Just you killing me man.
This thing is worse than fluid on match.
1103 at 560 WDQAM.
Oh yeah, I get this thing.
Remember Phil Saltsman was calling, right?
And bugging a crap out of me.
Just a joke Phil.
At any rate, he is divesting himself of his season hockey tickets.
Which are right in front of me.
He's got a pair right there near center rice right in front of me at the macawena.
And so what he would like to do, what he's sucking around for since everybody likes to use me and use this show.
Just like that John guy with his Patriot act to that.
I'm not going to do that thing John.
Don't take it personal.
I already did you one favor.
I don't want to you know our fair time is valuable.
Look at all the spot.
I think it's appropriate that I watched Glenn gerry Glenn Ross this weekend.
And then come into with like a basically empty log today.
Because our sales department back there are playing pinot go.
They're playing with each other.
They're playing motor vehicle speaker.
Oh brother.
Very sad.
Yeah, let's get to Alec Baldwin in there.
Okay, to kick their ass.
In fact, they kick him out the door would be good.
So if anybody is interested in getting the great piracy season tickets that Phil is not going to renew this year.
You still got the facts there or should I like facts you this back for free?
No, of course not for free.
Oh, if you want to buy great season tickets, you got to pay for them.
Okay.
A lot, a lot more than you make in a year.
Okay, so forget about it.
That's a lot.
Now do you still have this facts or not?
I don't know better facts.
Okay, I'll fix it back.
I want to get around to it.
Right.
And you can call George or Bonerboy or somebody there and they'll hook up with Phil and you can work something out.
Okay.
Okay, here's the final vote.
How do you rate the movie Requiem for a dream?
292 votes.
That's pretty good for less than an hour.
You know what?
Never saw it.
It's 166.
57% of the Saudi, it's never saw Requiem for a dream.
Which means your life is incomplete.
Incomplete.
If you were like giving you a great on an exam, you get an eye for incomplete.
Neal's right, it's great.
66.
It's good.
26.
It sucks 22.
It's okay, 6 and weak 5.
So let's see, weak and it sucks 27.
I've turned to 92 votes.
Not exactly, of course, you know, fact 57% haven't seen it yet.
And what's...
Oh, but you've got all this power, this tremendous impact.
Yeah, right.
What about your ass?
Ugh!
And what's your name's in it too, if you're born?
What's your name?
What's your name?
What's your name's in it?
Connolly.
Yeah.
Jennifer.
Jennifer Connolly.
Well, I mean, there's got to be something there.
Yeah, there's something.
Oh, that's right.
Then there was that old cocker that called you that one day about her crotch shot.
Which I mean, you talk about desperate.
If that's what it takes to keep that guy going more power to him, but that's desperate.
I think it's time for the old question to let with a fully loaded piece.
Besides the mirror was all steamy.
There's nothing to see there, okay?
You saw some pubic here.
If Jennifer Connolly's pubic here is what it takes.
And good luck here.
We'll send you something.
We'll send you something to mail.
Of course, it'll probably really be a boner, boys.
Or maybe muffs.
Speaking of people getting blown away.
We try to tell you people don't play music too loud.
Don't play your radio too loud.
We've been telling you that on a show for years.
Am I?
Be a conscientious neighbor.
A man enraged by loud music from a birthday party that went into the early hours yesterday.
Morning shot five of his neighbors killing three of them.
Kevin Evers, 41, was founded as parent's son, Ryes Hohm.
After he fled the scene where he'd been staying at 50177th Street,
he's at the Adede County jail on murder charges.
Yesterday morning, Patricio Ernesto Fondulvila, 33, laid in front of the apartment,
where he'd been celebrating his wife's 27th birthday.
Behind him lay his friend Luis Alberto Liddisma, 34, inside under a happy birthday,
a bannerly another friend, Elizabeth Ferreira, pullee said.
Two other people were suffered minor injuries, taking him outside and I released yesterday.
And none of our detectives can remember having a triple homicide,
never mind a triple homicide involving a neighbor dispute, the PD Hernandez said.
Bobby Hernandez.
Evers had argued with the party goers earlier that night asked him to turn their music down.
He shot his victims around 4am from about 10 feet away.
Nine shell casings were found on the street.
One more.
He'd been staying with a woman in apartment 9 for about two weeks.
Police were interviewing her and her name wasn't released.
So there you go. They came over and said, turn on the music.
They didn't turn on the music. He was very upset.
Pist off, fired up.
He went around a block. He was thinking, should I do it? Should I not?
He came back and sat across the street and watched.
He lifted his t-shirt and then just started blowing people away.
Turned on the god damn music and if you have your radio on extra loud right now,
turn it down. Somebody's going to blow your brains out.
Okay? Not trying to make light of a tragic situation.
But turn the god damn noise down, baby.
That's this week's message on the The Arrogers Show is when it does, who did it out?
Here's the ultimate final vote on Syracal Farb.
33 votes. 173. 57% never saw it.
Neal's right. It's great. 69.
Good 26. It sucks 23. Okay, six and week five.
Neman here and he did. Yes, and funk.
We all we were sweating through everything.
Oh brother. Have any hear about how bad the beast smell that that was.
That was it for me. Get him off your show for a while before it's too late. He'll kill you.
He's got a long, long list of people who shows he's sabotaged.
Am I right? Get him off of there.
Or we could play for a while off the air. We could play in our Thanksgiving Day show that the beast did.
We have that. I think that would turn him around real fast.
Here's a call from Miami. Hello. The watcher, Neal.
Keanu Reeves movie. The watcher. Yeah. Was that the name of it? Yeah, where he had to grow.
Looked at everything in the watcher. No, that was pretty good.
It was good. Requiem. I had the tape at several times.
My as one of my daughter's favorite movies. It's I love the music and it's it.
And the black guy that called her made Marion has made a lot of movies for John Carpenter.
His name is David Keith.
Yeah, so what did you what did you think of the movie? I thought it was great.
I'm going to ask you one stupid question. Ellen Burst and she didn't want to play Greg and mom in the extra sister.
Sure. I recognize I couldn't figure the name out when I heard her talking. I figured out who she was.
That's her. I got a great, great actress. Yeah.
An Amsterdam question. Please. Just one.
You mentioned the coffee shop thing there. Is this an intentional thing to get rid of the coffee shops?
Or is it just about smoking in general that they're kind of cut out? It's another one of these militant anti-smoking things.
And evidently, whoever's behind it is so stupid.
They don't realize that whatever tourism they have left, which isn't all that much has been like evaporate.
When they buy this, I don't think the war just about killed them first of all.
And if they pass this law, they're done as far as it's going to be.
What do you mean the war just about killed them? That cut the tourism down away.
I was there two years ago. There was a lot of people and I was there in March and it was almost empty.
Oh, I see what you're talking about the fact that people stopped traveling. Yeah, between between the war and the terrorism and the stars and all of these things.
People worldwide are traveling much less, but because of that unemployment there, and because the city has turned into an outdoor toilet, people just don't want to go there no more.
Well, that's that would be the nail in the coffin if they cut out.
Amen. Okay. Have a great day, pal.
Here's the fact that it's now that I know your taste in movies is bizarre as mine.
I love wrecking happiness, momentum in American psycho. You might like Magnolia or Mahal and drive.
I saw Mahal and drive a couple of times.
And Anne Miller was in it.
There's something about I don't know what it is. I've mentioned this before about Anne Miller.
She's like a throwback, you know, like something from the ancient days of showbizness.
Yeah, but she's she's okay.
She's good in that movie.
You didn't like Mahal and drive.
I can't remember if I saw it.
Where they have the accident and the actress gets she gets lost and they put her up in a hot, I don't want to go into it.
No, I didn't.
And there's the dead body on the bed. When you want to see Mahal and drive, it's pretty interesting.
I order. Now what about Magnolia?
I saw the important part of that.
The frogs. Yeah.
That was pretty cool.
It says it does have time cruising, but only a small part. He's only got a small part. That's what I've heard.
I'm not a cruise fan. It says, but he's good in this rule. Mahal and drive is a David Lynch film in the payoff is in the end.
But if it pulls you in, you can be entertained and confused like it. Yeah, it's like momentum.
It's like what happened here and what's this all about and who's the chicken of bed?
And it says pretty good.
Magnolia has some scenes that's funny and bizarre as Requiem.
Here's our new poll that we're going to put up. It's not as exciting. It's more like, like I said, paper or plastic.
What's the best breed of dog for a pet on you dog lovers out there? Golden retriever.
And then I just love space for whatever people are going to call in and we'll, you know, I'm in the first example of somebody says pitbull.
I'm not putting that down.
Some redneck some assholes. Oh pitbull. No. Should we put it up now?
I hate dogs or don't know. Well, I mean, we only got like three categories on here.
So I want we wait till we start filling it out. Of sure.
See, that's probably a good idea, beener.
Is till we got more than more than one choice.
Although in my case, I don't see that again. That's like Requiem for a dream.
I don't want to be like an absoluteist like Dick tutorial.
But golden retriever is the best pet in the world. I'm not going to get another one though.
If I did get another dog, you want to know why I'll give you one word.
Years. Oh, oh, yes.
It's not thought of with a hot human climate. It's not a place for dogs with big ears like hockey spaniel.
Now, Alpacockers. That's another story.
Huh?
South Dakota is specialized in Alpacockers, but not cockers, spaniels or golden retrievers.
Any kind of dogs with big floppy ears because it's a constant battle.
And you, oh, it's so sad to watch all the grief and agony they go through with the ear infections.
Oh, and the good news that I never gave you. I've never gave you the good news about ears.
Is that my ear finally opened up after all those weeks?
And I didn't realize it.
Now everything seems so goddamn loud.
Everywhere I go, I'm thinking, why are you people talking so loud?
Are you tone it down a little bit?
Yeah, turn the music down. I'm saying this.
11, 14 at five. Maybe that's what happened to that guy in the beach.
Maybe he had ears plugged up for a while and it like popped open.
And he just, everything started seeming a lot louder.
You know, see that could be.
Don't you think that's a good alibi? Let's get Ellis Ruben to defend him.
Plugged ears syndrome.
I'll tell you a place. If you got a real problem with your weight,
certainly going in your regular supermarket is the answer because almost everything they have in here
will make you fatter and fatter and fatter. I mean, it tastes good,
but it's not good for losing weight.
The lights of Westboke is an entire store dedicated to those people who are trying desperately to lose that fat,
that unhealthy, nasty, grotesque-looking fat.
And it's your store especially for the Atkins diet, all the other low-carb sugar-free diets too.
They're introducing right now their new almond snack cakes by control carb.
Each serving is only one effective gram of carbs or tried to light new chocolate raspberry muffin with only one gram of carbs.
If you like something to crunch you on something crunchy and munchy and really good taste in,
try one of the three new flavors of low-carb racquet chips.
So whether it's the carbolite ice cream, the breads, rolls, cheesecakes,
chocolates, pasta and sauces, any other six-handed low-carb foods,
the lights of Westboke is the place you'll find them all because everything in his great store is dedicated to weight watchers.
You can always sample before you buy it too.
They've got knowledgeable staff knows that, adding backward, forward, upside down, inside out, open every day, seven days a week,
from 10 to 10, they carry the most complete line of Atkins brand products in the world that are always even better yet.
25% off the regular price all day, every day.
Head for the number one low-carb sugar-free store in the world, the lights of Westboke,
you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market.
You can call them tool free at 1-877 Low Carb, find them on the web if you like it lowcarb.com.
Don't forget there's only one de-light to Westboke and this, your official Atkins retail service.
I bet the low-carb, this is $560. The radio's on your side.
Q&A!
I try to bring a certain honesty to the program.
Channel 22, News Anchor Dick Brown talks about dedication.
Well Maria's terrific, she's terrific. I've never worked with anyone as dedicated as her.
She's your 24 hours a day working. My friends joke, they say, hey, man, have you had me of that?
And man, I'd like to take a dip in her palm. It's true, she's an attractive co-incor.
But her journalistic knowledge, the understanding on how to deliver a top notch to the point news program,
is why I find her so attractive as a colleague.
What I f*** her? Of course it is.
Would I rather learn from her expertise?
Absolutely.
Dick Brown and Maria Alvarez.
It's just one more reason channel 22 News Beat is your number one source from local news.
What a funny coincidence because you know the productologist that Muff is going to do tomorrow for that exam?
Right, that's his name. Dick Brown.
Love and I, team, now what does this mean? Please add Boston Terrier to the list.
Okay, we'll add Boston Terrier to our doggy list.
And also it says, and work the something seven seconds. What does that say?
I was hoping you could explain that. Work the something. I can't read it.
Billion, okay, hey, Billion, prove your penmanship a little bit. Okay.
But we added Boston Terrier to make you happy.
Work the movie.
Seven seconds.
That's the name of a movie.
Not that I know.
I've heard of. Here's the lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Oh, hi. Yeah, I'm sorry.
I wanted to get a late vote in for a recommend for a dream.
Loved it. It was great.
It reminded me of, I'm a young mom.
And after I had my baby, the doctor was giving me all kinds of anti-anxiety drugs.
And not just the old people who want all the moms are driving around on the tranquilizers and things like that.
Absolutely. America is completely hopped up thanks to the doctor.
But you know, my husband's a doctor and he did not like the movie.
Really?
There you go. Well, yeah, because he said that he thought it was unrealistic because they don't give a much less shock therapy anymore.
Yeah, but on the road.
Wait a minute. Whoever went to see a movie because it was realistly.
Well, I don't know why I said it.
But it's like a heightened reality. It's almost surreal.
Not, you know, it wasn't the point.
But he didn't like the way doctors were portrayed in the movie.
Yeah. I said, I would.
And hit a Ron nerve. He took a push and probably shouldn't.
Yeah. He should very personally.
Tell him to take a drive through sunrise lakes.
There's plenty of Sarah Goldfarb's running on the loose.
I just visited his parents' house. That's all we need to do.
There you go. Thanks a lot, Neil.
Bye.
Bye.
Shock therapy is being used again. We had an article where you were gone.
It's back. It's back.
Bigger than the back.
Don't anybody tell Jack Nicholson about it?
He's going to be cheap.
How about the chief?
It was juicy for wasn't it?
Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Lines.
By noon, we'll put up the doggy list.
Okay, because I'm sure we'll have some other suggestions.
I'll be right there.
Huh? Okay.
I don't know. I'm just thinking about it.
I don't know. I really don't, uh, because I'm not going to get a golden retriever.
And I certainly don't think that if I get another dog, I'm going to get another minpin.
Unless I'm assuming that they all pretty much look the same, except for the brown ones.
There are brown ones, which we are like different breed. I don't.
But the ones that are black like tiny was, I think they all probably look pretty much like that.
Don't get you a little dog.
Little like that.
Oh, just because you're irresponsible and you don't have no, we've had this discussion many times about these psychotic nature of little dogs.
They're psychotic and they're hyper.
But they're also, they're also neat little companions.
And they don't take up a lot of space and they don't have all kinds of ear problems and, uh, all of these things.
Of course, every now and then they do go out and they flop in the pool and get nervous.
Or every once in a while they go out and like chew on a boofo toad and start dancing upside down.
But, uh, you know, that can have more than any kind of a dog.
They're like, closest is funny.
Yeah, that's what makes them neat little dogs is the fact that they're, see, tiny had like ten different personalities.
He was a skitzoid.
He was like, what's your name?
We'll live here the havelin and the snake pit.
You were always complaining about tiny.
Did I, what did I just get through?
Same.
And I don't think I'd want to get another min pin.
And if I did, what I would be trying to do would be like replace a dead dog with another one to like, you know, they look the same.
And probably call it Tony or something like that.
Rescue yourself with doggy.
Something that's about to die.
No, I don't want to get a dog that's about to die.
Chris, we rescued your ass.
What more do we have to do to redeem ourselves, huh?
Get him paid.
No, now you're getting a little carried away.
Come on, Claret.
Get him his money.
This is a, this is a kid that just can, he's driving a car with no air conditioning with no radio.
He lives under the overpass.
He's working his ass off on our website.
He does more work in one day than you on your story, ass than in your, and your operations matter to do in a month.
Get him his paycheck.
You scumbag, you low life, you no talent suckling, you Joseph Gaki wannabe.
Well, that's really something when you're a Joseph Gaki wannabe.
That's bad.
That's a sad comment.
I just sweat it in crevices I didn't know I had.
Yeah.
Good. Good for you.
In crevices he didn't know you.
That's really saying a lot.
And it not the beast talking about crevices he didn't know he had.
I love eating nuts.
Oh, brother.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Here's homestead.
Hello.
Jeff, I put that plate down.
The buffet is for closers.
Oh.
For closers only.
We know.
Yeah, we are.
Very lame.
Lane reading from Glen Gary Glen Ross.
That's going to be our movie tomorrow.
That was Alec Baldwin, Jr. Junior, Jr.
Very weak.
Here's a call from Tamarack.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I made two Rick movie recommendations to you last week.
I trust our cowboy and bar fly.
Did you get a chance to see either one?
No.
He should.
Well, I mean, how many can I watch in one weekend?
I watched Glen Gary Glen Ross.
What is it?
I missed it.
Okay.
Glen Gary Glen Ross and momentum.
I mean, if somebody calls in and gives me a recommendation,
I'm not going to go rushing right out and go buy it and watch it that afternoon,
unless I may be just by coincidence.
I'm making a list, checking it twice.
Rules of attraction.
I don't think so.
Somebody suggested that for the effect two people suggested last week.
And a punk that's in that is the kid from Dawson's Creek.
Oh, I get a creek in my neck when I see him.
He just gives me spilky's that guy.
I don't like him.
And wasn't that supposed to be the big attraction?
Yeah, him and the other guy.
No thanks.
And just a good deal.
See, that's a great thing that you can go online now and you can go to like Amazon.com or eBay or any of those.
And you can watch the trailer from the movies on there.
You can actually watch it.
You could hear it if you got a computer that's got an audio card, which mine doesn't.
Isn't that pathetic?
Isn't that sad?
Give me a comment.
This is a radio station.
They provide me with a computer up here.
It's a pretty dang good one.
Worst just fine, but no audio cards.
So I can't hear any sound.
Assholes.
Cheap bastard Bob Vermouth.
Dickhead.
Here's North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes sir.
Alan Bernstein, right?
Burst and not Burns Bernstein.
He's Burst made.
Was resurrection.
Did you see that one?
No.
Oh great movie.
She dies.
She comes back and she has these special powers.
Great, great movie.
Her performance.
Well I'm going to get that.
That sounds like my kind of movie.
I'm going to get that one to read.
Yeah, the direction.
It's an oldie.
It's from the piece.
I'm going right out and get it.
Now also a long time companion.
Did you see that?
No.
Oh another incredible movie.
Highly recommend everybody to see a long time companion.
So I got.
Thanks.
Okay, we're making a list of the next 20,000 movies that Neil's going to watch.
Rules of attraction.
I'm crossing it out.
Fae.
Forget about it.
Shallow grave.
That one sounded interesting, although it's British.
Training day.
And you say training day.
Wouldn't like.
Oh we got your confused.
You were confusing Morgan Freeman with Denzel Washington.
Oh, with Denzel Washington is who you're saying.
I said Morgan Freeman.
I was talking about seven.
Well why didn't you correct me at the time?
I tried.
You guys corrected me an hour later.
You tried?
You went on with something else.
Well I was sparking.
They all looked the same to me.
You know.
Denzel Washington.
Well what's wrong with Denzel Washington?
He's okay.
I didn't know if you liked him.
Could stand him.
Whatever.
Does the fight go?
I don't watch movies or not.
Unless it's somebody who really nauseates me like Bruce Willis.
Okay.
Well I didn't know.
You're a stand on Denzel.
Or am I watching movies?
Somebody I really like a lot like Ethan Hawke.
Gatica.
Gatica.
Wave that hanky again.
He's in the Gatica.
No, it's either.
That's my favorite part of the movie when he stands there waving at White Hanky.
Mama.
Mama Mia.
27 past 11.
5 6 7 0 5 6 1060.
Tom, can you get me a talk?
Oh, by the way.
Nice job on this one, Peter Boy.
Oh, that's safe.
Yeah, he has a little book of Brian experienced there right after the conversation.
He's a little bit of a flip.
His bad.
Yeah, his bad.
Well, that was the only one.
Keep your friends close.
But your enemies close.
Al Pacino is a PD Lenny, by the way.
I want the world to know that.
28 past 11 at 5 6.
You don't forget salespeople are assholes.
I guess my doggy pole ain't going to go over too big, huh?
Well, we'll just put it up Golden Retreatment Boston Terrier.
We'll just put up those two choices and somebody's going to win.
German Shepherd.
German Shepherd's good.
But German Shepherd's are too big.
They're not as big as some people think they are.
What does that mean?
They're not considered a big, big dog.
Like, like, what?
Or, goldens are bigger than German Shepherd's.
Really?
Yeah.
And then they have those miniature German Shepherd's.
You ever seen them in the print house?
They are, huh?
And they have the pointy here.
That sounds good.
Although German dogs, I don't know.
Superstitious.
Yeah, it might, it might, uh...
You understand the Gestapo keeps track of everyone.
Yeah, I think the way things are going right now is probably
not my time for a German dog.
What's in the name?
29 Pass, the love it.
Here's a couple of names for Tom Lehman and Joe Prieto
at Haleth Pontiac GMC.
They think that the people listen to the show are the greatest.
I guess because they haven't met you yet.
At Haleth Pontiac GMC, check out the Oris Biggest Selection
of 2003 GMC Unvoys, Unvoys Excels, Yukon, Yukon Excels, and Denali's.
That's right.
Nobody's got a bigger selection than Haleth.
Like I just said, Haleth's also got a great selection of pre-owned cars,
trucks, SUVs.
If your credit is marginal, if it's weak, never a problem,
but Haleth will still find a way to get you into a great vehicle.
So for the biggest selection on GMC SUVs,
Neil Deals and lots more, see Haleth Pontiac GMC 134-01,
South Dixie Highway.
That's on US-1 across from the falls where they've been making great deals
for over 35 years, open every day, seven days a week.
For more information called the Neil Deal Hotline Tool-Free,
1-Triple 8-5-3-4-4-2-11,
that's 1-Triple 8-5-3-4-4-2-11,
and don't forget, no matter what kind of a vehicle you're looking for,
be sure to mention you heard about the Neil Deal and save even more cash.
Haleth Pontiac GMC, they definitely are professional grades.
What are they doing, Carl?
We're supporting the 0560-CUAM.
Hello?
I'm Neemy Phanestoff.
It was the summer of 1962.
I was working as a White House intern for the Kennedy Administration,
the days of Camelot.
My duties included filing, answering phones, delivering documents,
and pulling the President's lap-tafie.
It was a very exciting time in my life.
I was 19 years old and never knew what would happen from day to day.
One day, for instance, I might be asked to escort highly salicy into the Oval Office.
The next day, maybe, I'd be asked to zip up Jay Edgar Hoover's floral pattern dress.
And of course, pull on the Presidential lap-tafie.
I also remember being asked to make President Kennedy comfortable when he finished his daily swim.
It was my job to bring him his towel, his flip flops,
and then yank down his speedo and pull the lap-tafie.
But the mood in the White House changed later that year with the Cuban Missile Crisis.
During that time, President Kennedy didn't think about sex till after nine in the morning.
My right forearm began to look like Popeyes,
and I had to have my blouse sleeves let out to make room for my taffy puller.
I remember one memory very vividly.
The President and I were alone in the Residence watching Beverly Hillbillies.
He was naked from the waist down and was calling me Ellie May as I pulled the lap-tafie.
For two weeks following that experience, President Kennedy asked that I wear a rope as a belt.
It feels so good to finally have the secret out and to let my grandchildren know I was a White House Fouche.
At least now they know I grandma's right forearm is so damn freaking massive.
27 to noon at 5.60 W. Cream we got the mad dog at two.
Got that mad dog at two.
Oh!
Hang from a four to seven at Chula State too.
Then we got the big at seven o'clock tonight because there's no ball game.
Nothing else we can stick in there.
And then ten o'clock it's at 8.00 a.m. and Joe and Mark overnight two to five.
That's the pristine lineup today with no ball games to interfere to get in the way to chase the audience away.
Now what is this papillon?
I thought you were doing movies with me again, but this is a dog partly.
Doesn't look like my kind of dog.
It's kind of hard to tell from this picture because in third generation by the time it got from point A to you to me.
It looks like one of those fluffy, puffy, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
Gay.
No, not gay, but just, well maybe gay.
I like a curly dog.
Maybe that's why they said it to me.
I don't like curly dogs.
I like manly dogs like tiny.
The extraordinarily long, fringe butterfly like ears are the reason behind the breeds name.
Papillon being French for butterfly.
But there's also a drop year's variety called the Phelene named after a nightmoth which drops its wings.
On the continent both varieties are called continental toy spangles.
Well ain't that cute?
Not for me.
This dog looked eight to eleven inches weighs nine to ten pounds.
That looks like my kind of dog.
They have a great spot.
Maple leaf brand chicken.
Let me just not have to tell you about this because you won't be seeing it there.
Maple leaf brand chicken has got a great spot where it's like a takeoff on a Westminster Kennel Club show.
Right.
Only with chickens.
Oh God.
And they got the judge standing there in his tuxedo and of course they've got like four all these people standing around his vigourina.
And they got a chicken standing on top of each platform.
Cox or hen.
And he goes over and he puts his hand on his lungcock and he lifts up its tail and the announcer courses doing this thing breathlessly.
And I think he's made a decision and he comes over and he points and they're all cheering.
And then the owner takes the chicken on the leash and is strutting around.
You have to see it to get the full impact.
And it makes you realize that the whole thing about the Westminster Kennel Club has nothing to do with dogs.
The dogs are really props.
The dogs are strictly props and what a shame that is.
I think we ought to turn those bastards into the petta people.
You know what?
Serve them right.
Paida.
Yeah, the petta people.
Treating them dogs using them like that for their own self-aggrandizement.
Nobody, nobody watches that to see the dog.
I'm almost nobody.
They watch those assholes.
Those silly ass people strutting around with a dog on the leash.
Oh, it is so.
Why don't we start that?
Why don't we start the chicken show?
In the, huh?
What's the mother kind of show where you like to bring your partner and strut them around on a leash?
In P.P. Park.
Yeah, something animals on a leash or people on a leash.
Including many of our salespeople, most of them.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a 18 and 2.
This dog pole is going over like Kaleva in Saudi Arabia.
Not big.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
I got a dog for you.
Okay.
The, uh, Labrador Retriever.
Okay.
Beautiful dog.
And as far as what George, I can't stand George.
It's complete.
Yeah, this is the same guy.
I'm not even putting that down.
Okay.
And I even put it down.
It's a shame because I would have been my suggestion, but just I'm not going to put it down.
Well, I'll put it down and pretend that you said it.
That's, seriously.
I mean, why do you, we know you hate George.
Fine, but the way he's to call and waste everybody's time and George sucks and I hate you.
Okay, fine.
You hate George.
Great.
Well, we've made a note of it.
I wrote it on my right arm.
Right where Leonard would write it.
If he had any room left, but he doesn't.
Write him to the tattoo.
That's it.
This call is a douchebag, which I'd forgotten.
Get a life asshole.
Okay, get a freaking life.
You're boring.
You're terminal.
You're ponuous.
You're an idiot.
You make George seem almost a human.
Here's a lady in Boyton Beach.
Hello.
Lady in Boyton Beach.
Is gone.
The lady in Boyton Beach is gone.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
I have a suggestion of Scotty or the West Island carrier, the white one.
Well, what is it really called?
West Island carrier?
Yeah, the white one's the West Island carrier.
And the black one is just the Scotty.
Oh, well, let's just put down Scotty.
They'll know what that means.
And they have excellent disposition.
Right.
Wonderful dogs.
Good with children.
Good with everybody.
Don't they have big ears, though?
No, I think they're pointed out by head as well.
No, they're pointed up so they get air.
Oh, thank God.
And, you know, if you could even consider a dog from a shelter because they are forever grateful
Neil.
Right.
You don't have to get a fancy schmancy, you know, to impress somebody.
No, you don't have to go out and spend hundreds of dollars to get a dog.
That's for sure.
No, I mean, just a good animal.
In fact, I always believe that the best dog is a mutt.
That's right.
They're healthy.
And they're happier.
Right.
And a lot cheaper, too.
Right.
Okay, thanks a lot.
Okay, bye.
Okay, I put Scotty down and I would list this start to grow a little bit now.
Should we put mutt?
I mean, mutt isn't a breed, but it's an opinion.
Pretty all inclusive, but sure, why not?
Yeah, let's put mutt down there.
Okay, which is all inclusive.
I mean, a little mutt, half and half.
A little mongrel, kind of like boner boy there, you know, half-reak and half-a-maxigan.
That's why I was just going to say.
Of course, we know which half yet.
We'll let them up find out for us.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
What's the best breed of dog for a pet?
Don't know.
Never had a dog.
I hate dogs.
We can go ahead and put it up there, okay, Eric?
Because we'll probably get some other choices on here.
I'm just kind of curious because the only, I'll tell you, the only kind of dogs I've ever had my life.
My first dog when I was a kid was a mutt.
He was part, um, pomeranian and part fox terrier.
Sounds like a good combo.
No, it was not.
Oh, okay.
He had a n- I mean, you know, he was okay with me because it was my dog, but he had a nasty disposition.
And strangers, he'd bite him.
He would.
He'd snap at him and he would bite their ass.
Not a nice dog.
And I've had the min- the min- pin on the golden retriever.
Those are the only three dogs I've ever had in my life.
Don't go to spring or spaniel.
Why not?
Disposition.
Really?
Yeah, they have big floppy ears and they have the cockers.
Oh, you know, that's good.
Beagle there.
There's another one I like, Beagles.
I think they're sweet dogs, but boy, Florida floppy pounds.
Any kind of hound?
Basset hound, right.
With them big, big ears.
How about a, uh, what's your call it?
A sausage dog.
Oh, the, uh, dog.
Who in the, uh, Dushwin.
No.
Actually, when we were in Germany, I did see people walking their duchoons.
Those are silly dogs.
Silly dogs now also have big floppy ears, right?
You see how they look like mutants.
Oh, come on.
That's bad.
You know what?
Who's talking?
He's talking about the duchoons look like mutants.
Yeah.
Hey, I'm in proportion.
Those go.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Mm-hmm.
I like that.
That's what I heard.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T Verizon wireless line.
We'll get that pull up there any minute now.
We got Golden Retriever, Boston Terrier, German Shepherd, Lab Retriever, Scotty, Mut.
And I know that it's just a matter of time before you sent along to me a fax.
And it says, oh, Neil, we got a bunch of min-pin puppies in there.
Yeah.
At the hockey games, there's this one lady and her daughter.
Very nice people.
Maybe they're listening right now.
My best wishes.
Very sweet.
But they're always trying to pawn off dogs on me.
What the hell do I want a dog for?
I'm never there.
Right?
Although it would be nice for John to have a dog replace Tiny.
Tiny was a good company, you know?
Especially as he got older, he became less psychotic.
And I mean, a little bit less psychotic.
And he was just kind of like lay around.
Like a-like-like-lionus is blanket.
Like a security blanket.
See what I mean?
Yeah.
So something that's small to grab onto.
You can relate to that.
I sure can't.
1141 at 560 WQM need a creative gift for fathers.
They are somebody's graduation.
Do something fun and memorable.
Send an authentic Vermont teddy bear.
In fact, if you forget, write it on your arm.
They'll receive a beautiful beer handcrafted and Vermont and personalized
just for your dad or graduate with a free card and gourmet caramels.
I've just gourmet candies, but gourmet or you say caramel.
Caramel.
That's what I say.
All delivered in the colorful gift box.
Just call a bear counselor a toll free at 1-800-829 Bear.
And they'll have to pick out the perfect bear like the Groovy Grad Bear
or the classic graduation bear wearing a black or white gun,
grad cap, and holding it a ploma.
You can even add their name and degree to the gown, if you like.
It's the perfect gift for any college or high school graduate.
They've got over 100 bears for Dan Taylor to his job or hobby.
So call 1-800-829 Bear or shop online at VermontTeddyBear.com.
Setting a bear is the creative alternative to flowers for birthday, new baby, any occasion.
Send a bear to show you care for fathers day, graduation day, or any special occasion called toll free.
1-800-829 Bear and tell them that old Neil told you to call 1-800-829-BEAR.
This is Sports Radio Vice City, QAM.
The old big shot.
Oh!
That's how we pass the time away in the GEOGELER R.
Forget board, shorts, and speedos.
If you want to get noticed on the beach, show up with a Sandy Johnson.
Sandy Johnson swimwear from Mad as the latest looks to get you noticed.
That's because every Sandy Johnson swimsuit comes with real beach sand sewn right in the crotch.
So when you walk the leg it down the beach, everyone will know.
You've got a Sandy Johnson and for gals there's Sandy Gapswimwear.
Where it is, tiny dog, and you'll know why it's a Sandy Gapswim suit.
Sandy Johnson and Sandy Gap available only at the Gap.
1146, here's the worst news possible.
I can't think of too many things worse than this. We knew it was coming, you know?
As expected the FCC voted this morning to ease media ownership rules but most of the changes are on the TV side.
That's great. Rupert Murdoch now can own every TV's channel.
All spin all day.
The main changes to radio ownership rules involve the redefinition of markets along arbitrar metro lines
and the allowing of newspaper owners to own TV and radio stations in the same market.
The commission which voted treated to along party lines to approve the revisions,
which means the three Republicans are the ones who passed the push this thing through.
Also up the percentage of TV households a TV station owner conserved from 35 to 45%
and allowed TV do op-opies and markets under certain conditions and triopolis in the largest markets
with more than 18 full market stations.
New York and Los Angeles latter which has currently temporary NBC on three station cluster
but left the UHF exception intact, crediting UHF stations with half of a market's households.
You following that? You got the math down? Got it.
Chairman Michael Powell who of course is son of Colin Cancer Powell
and commissioners Kathleen Abernathy and Kevin Martin of three Republicans voted for the new rules
while commissioners Michael Cops and Jonathan Adelstein the Democrats voted again him.
Media bureau chief Ken Ferrey started the hearing by noting how his children don't distinguish between broadcasts
and cable TV stations. Ferrey called the old ownership rules unenforceable and indefensible
and praised his staff for their work on the new proposal.
Yoddy yoddy yoddy yoddy. This goes on pages and pages and pages.
You want to put this on our thing on the website?
I do. Yeah, go ahead, Mia.
When you get a chance, stick it on there and they can read it in weep, okay? Read it and weep.
Pathetic. So now we can have like three or four companies to know what every guy at the MTV station
we've already got three or four companies on almost every radio station
and the newspapers and a partridge and a pair of tree.
So it can continue having less than less.
In fact, the article that we have on there now on the website today, the headline is it's from the early times.
Hered the local news it may soon be harder to find.
Amen, brother.
Because everything is going to be pre-packaged just like Chief Channel.
Where the hell is the local news? They have IOD which is supposed to be the market's news station.
They have a, you know, a popo-ray of news in the morning.
And then like during the war, they were putting a bunch of crap on there like John Levitt,
hyperventilating and sucking the president's ass.
Oh my God, putting a bunch of misinformation on here.
By the way, do you know that Sodom and Assumster dead?
No.
Where you should have been listening to IOD that night when they dropped the two big ones.
DJ Valentine says, way of the gun.
Written and directed by the man who did the usual suspects.
It's like a present day we make a butcher Sundance.
Best movie James Khan is done in a while.
Tried digs, Peninsula del Toro, Ryan Philippe, and Juliet Lewis.
Who's Ryan Philippe?
What else does he know?
A lot of gunplay, but it's great.
Funniest opening scene in movie history.
Way of the gun.
PS training day is great.
Completely different denzel than what we're used to singing.
He's like a lot more like Morgan Freeman in this movie already.
He's gritty?
Yeah.
Ramswig.
What a pity I haven't seen yet.
My list is growing now.
This is good.
Way of the gun.
Pretty much.
Huh?
I completely forgot about way of the gun, but that's definitely a must-
Let me write it down.
Okay.
Way of the gun.
I'm going to replace rules of attraction with this.
Way of the gun.
Well, I can go and spend a fortune again.
This is good for the Canadian economy, yay?
It's excellent.
Let's see.
We went to see movie this past weekend and was suggested by the exor-
And by the way, for those people in the audience who don't like movies,
because they're going to be some OG that talks so much about movies now.
Bye, bye, bye.
Who doesn't like movies?
Huh?
I don't know.
I mean, I realized it's out Florida.
You'll find people that don't like chocolate too.
I mean, there's always some asshole out there.
Ted Kaczynski.
Yeah, he don't like movies.
He's busy writing stuff.
Bye, bye, bye.
How about Eric Rudolph, huh?
Him too.
Yeah, he probably don't like movies too much.
Although he does like the one he's showing a batcave.
He likes them Batman movies.
This is an excellent fact from Mark who says the Morton Downe Jr.
What did I say?
Morton Downe Jr.
Lookalike.
Well, I kind of rush here because we got so many spots.
The Morton Downe Jr. Lookalike in Requiem for Dream is a highly underrated actor named Christopher McDonald,
who routinely is stuck with material that doesn't warrant his talents.
Among his other good movies and performances, he played 21 host Jack Berry in Quixho.
And I was a good movie.
Yeah.
And he played Mel Allen in 61, a recent HBO movie about the Manel Marist,
a former unrecorded chase.
I'm trying to think about it.
I saw that.
I didn't.
No, you wouldn't because it's a spore thing, dummy.
I've seen some baseball movies.
Like what?
The natural.
Oh!
Robert Redford?
Yeah.
He makes me c- uh, caca.
It was on once.
I'm not a Robert Redford fan at all.
I think he's way overrated.
He should have been on that list.
What's a good movie that he was in?
All the presidents, men?
Um, Jeremiah Johnson.
But he's, I don't know.
He's just to me.
He's highly overrated.
Mm-hmm.
And I'm going, I don't, I destined their sale.
I've said it before too.
But he's, you know, there's just something about Al Pacino.
He either, if you watch Glenn Geary Glenn Ross again,
there's something when he's sitting there at his desk
and Jack Lemmon is going through a big song and a dance
and about how he made the sale.
No, it's, it's, it's, it's just before that.
I think it's when his client comes in and tries to back out of the deal.
Uh-huh.
And he starts making this sound.
And he does it like, it's not Huah, but it's very similar.
Like Huah.
Huah.
Like that.
Oh, see it again now.
Yeah, you'll have to watch it again.
And with our sales department,
it's certainly we have a great inspiration
of watching over and over and over again.
I've seen it like four or five times.
Including even many of our sales holes
who aren't there anymore, like Frank, Fabulous Frank.
Boy, we sure miss John Penis of WQA.
I'm going to tell you that, you know, they knocked him a lot.
And I guess he'd probably put a few sliders through or whatever.
But who the hell didn't, you know, he was good.
At least he was good for this show.
He sold this show like crazy.
Pop had Jenko look what we got.
Anyways, for the character itself,
meaning the Mortoni Junior look like in Requiem for a Dream.
It says he does have a name.
His name is Tabby Tiddens.
The best part is that MacDonald mostly improvise the material
for the character.
And they did all in one day.
Incredible.
A phenomenal performance, sadly overlooked.
Not overlooked by me.
I thought it was great.
We got a winner.
You was by Sarah.
You was by Sarah.
You were just by Sarah.
And what does that mean?
We have no idea.
One bit of sad news.
This is bad news.
We're going to need to get the drop-in.
Little work for Bonerboy there.
On April 12, 2003, Sydney Lastic passed away from complications.
Of diabetes.
Who was Sydney Lastic?
I would never have any idea.
Would you?
No.
Sydney Lastic was the actor of portrayed Charlie Cheswick in one flow
over the cook who's nest.
No longer will we be able to demand his cigarettes from his ratchet.
Cook who's nest was the only movie ever saw him in.
But damn, he left an impression of all of us.
No red meat, no refined sugar when thinking of thin.
Says Mark.
Not that Mark is impressionable, anything like that.
But that's the fact.
Thinking thin.
And with the help of Windsor Pilates, man, with the old scissors.
Let's see what you do with the scissors.
You cut off the fat.
Or cut your throat.
Yeah.
Now you cut the fat out.
And big chunks.
Just leave it around.
Sydney Lastic got out.
I want my cigarettes, Miss Ratchet.
And you did say Miss Ratchet, not in Ratchet.
We want to make sure we get these all the lines right.
All the drop-ins all the time.
Get them right.
It makes friends close.
But you're enemies close.
There you go.
Anyway, here's the fact.
As long as you see a movie this past weekend,
it was suggested by the express.
The movie was called Friends and Family.
The plot was about the Game Offie.
It's the worst movie I've seen in years.
Don't waste your time even if you're curious.
It tried to be humorous, but it wasn't I graded an F as in F them.
Okay, Mark that down on the list of do not see.
Anytime soon.
Friends and family.
Please.
Yay.
Probably about that Montana Mafia, the one that Brad Pitt had problems with.
Let's seriously stop and think about that.
I realize the Mafia's got their testicles reaching far all over,
but a little bit ridiculous to think that the Mafia,
it's not the same Mafia.
What is that?
It's a bunch of cattle ranchers and land developers and things like that.
Oh, I'm so relieved to know.
Although the bad news is Brad Pitt is still dead.
Yeah, I'm so depressed about the fact that the end of the movie,
I realize that it's Craig Sheffer is an old man.
Standing there throwing out his bait.
Oh, God.
Why couldn't they just have chopped it off before we saw him?
Yeah.
And you wouldn't have been as depressed.
I don't want to be depressed.
It was depressed enough when they killed Brad Pitt,
but then daddy made up for when he said he was beautiful.
Maybe daddy was a little bit.
Well, he was a preacher, you know.
That's right.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
I'm doing great. How are you?
Great.
I have a great dog for you.
Okay.
Shetland sheep dog.
Shetland sheep dog.
Yeah, they're also called shelties.
Okay.
They're great medium sized dog.
Not too small, not too big.
Yeah, but aren't they real hairy though?
Longer.
You know, they have a very thick coat,
but in terms of shedding, I tell you, I have a pair of them.
It's much better than having a short hair dog.
The hair will periodically come off in little clumps.
They'll just roll into the corner,
and you can go by with your swiffer and pick them right up.
Mm-hmm.
Well, what do you mean it's better than having a short hair dog?
What do you mean by that?
The short hair...
My mom has a short hair dog in the little hairs,
or just all over the floor.
They come off.
They're all over and you constantly having to clean the floors,
and mop, and all of that.
With these dogs, the shedding is absolutely not a problem.
Oh, we cured tiny of that shedding problem though.
I used to pop them,
and every time he would shed,
I'd pop them into microwave for 30 seconds and stand there
and look at them and threaten to hit the start button,
and he would stop shedding.
Well, you know, that's a very good technique.
I like it.
He did have a problem that sounded like shedding,
but he never did stuff that.
Yeah, I heard it.
I was like, I've never mentioned that.
One thing about little dogs, no matter how housebroken they are,
how old they are, how well trained you think they are,
they always like to leave you a little surprise.
Little presents all over the place, huh?
Right. Right.
Well, you know, poor little things.
They're so small they can't keep it in.
Is that what it is?
I think that's what it is.
And I'm going to tell you for a dog that it's utmost,
that the top he ever weighed was 10 pounds.
He sure did pack a punch.
I'll say to that.
Oh, God.
He packed a bunch.
Yeah, that'll ruin your whole day coming home to that.
Okay, I got you down.
Shetland Sheepdog.
Shetland Sheepdog.
Check them out.
You can look above the internet.
They're great.
They look like small collies.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks a lot.
Talk to you later.
Bye-bye.
Here's a whole list of them.
Okay?
10 picks.
Good.
Let's see.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba from A&E Top 10,
as we rate the top 10 dogs and view families interacting
with the most beloved canines.
So here it is from the A&E.
Beagle.
I guess we should put all of these down, right?
All right, Shetland.
Well, why not?
Oh, Bishan Frise.
I don't know.
The callers used to have two of those.
Bishan Frise.
Have you ever seen them?
No.
See, I'm not into dogs that are real free,
like a bundle of free.
You know what I mean?
Like a pomeranian.
Like a pomeranian.
It's a good example.
Like, if there's a head in there somewhere,
you know what I'm talking about.
I don't know.
Those are like lady dogs.
I mean, even the...
That's right.
For girls.
Seriously, those are girly dogs.
I'm not into girly dogs.
They're like a manly dog.
Like a golden mishie.
Even a minpin is a manly dog.
You know, even though it's little and barks a lot and it's a pain in the ass.
Border Collie.
What about a regular Collie, right?
Let's put down in a Collie and Border Collie.
They have...
Put this whole list down on there.
Just facts the additional list of Eric.
Boston Terrier we go, right?
Boxer.
Boxer's in a lot of good word about boxers in Florida.
Short hair.
Don't shed pointy ears.
Super smart, super boy.
Very smart, right?
And medium-sized and they don't, you know, crap giant landline.
Didn't sound like Garfunkel to a song about them?
That's right.
And the clearing crats the boxer.
Cocker Spaniel.
German Shepherd.
We got Golden Retriever.
We got Lambert Retriever.
We got Poodle.
See, I'll put it down because I know a lot of people, especially ladies.
And that a ladies dog.
Yeah, they're supposed to be smart.
And it's not what you think.
I don't care.
Ew.
I don't...
Can you see?
I'm walking my poo.
I don't want to even touch one.
Right.
No, no, seriously, there are some reads of dog that, to me, aren't like dogs.
I know that sounds insensitive and cruel.
And it's bad for my images of dog rubber, which I really fancy myself as being.
But, I don't know.
And they bite.
Poodle's bite?
Yes.
Well, I'll be then.
They're in the top, whatever it is, 10, 20 of...
Well, if that's the case, I guess the Poodle is out.
But we'll put it on the list because there are a lot of people out there that love Poodle.
Especially the ladies.
1159 at 560 W.M. I've been telling you about dial amatris for so long.
Sometimes people ask if I really sleep on a bed from dial amatris, the only answer is,
the long time is a matter of fact.
And here's why, because you won't get a better deal anywhere on a planet.
You won't find a company more dedicated, customer satisfaction than dial amatris.
These are some of the finest people I've ever done business with.
They're ranked number one in customer satisfaction because of it.
One quick call to 1-800-Matris, and you won't believe how easy how simple it is to pick out
the perfect bed for you, depending on how you sleep.
The expert bed and consultants guide you through the whole process.
These people know their product details couldn't be more helpful if they have their lives dependent on it.
You ever go to a showroom and they start staring into the house brand, or maybe a discontinued set,
or a mismatch or something like that, kind of crap like that, forget about it.
dial amatris sells only the best.
Top quality CLE, service Simmons and tempera-peatic mattresses, with no sales gimmicks and no false promises either.
They've got the high-end vids too like CLE's crown jewel line and the top models from every brand all at low prices every day.
Call 1-800-MATTRES right now.
You'll see exactly what I'm talking about.
Ask about the comfort exchange policy.
If you're not completely 100% satisfied, they'll exchange it. No questions asked.
Plus they give you a free setup, free removal.
You get to choose the date and time for delivery that fits your schedule.
Nobody else in the universe does all of these things.
I'm Tonya, dial amatris is the easiest, the smartest way to get you a great night sleep for months and years to come.
Call them toll-free. 1-800-Matris.
Be sure to mention fat-boards name. They'll get a chuckle out of it.
1-800-MATTRES or check them out on the web at mattress.com.
My line and local, here's sports radio 560-CU-A-M.
Castle.
Don't miss the hottest movie of a year.
The special effects are groundbreaking.
The acting magnificent.
The cinematography incredible.
Then there's the plot.
You see, machines have taken over the world. We're all enslaved by the matrix.
Except the guy from the Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure will be in the gameplay that I turn it.
So what's really happening isn't happening at all, but it is, but it's not.
Now they're free, but are they really free?
Everybody wants in a while. It is not so free.
So much. They went black, leather outfits and sunglasses.
And they do freaky sitcom food tricks.
Agent Smith, who died in the first movie, is that.
But now he can copy and paste himself in and out of the matrix.
Kinda like a really fancy word, perfect program.
Plus the Chico place Trinity is all tricked up.
Good. And you can see your butt.
The matrix. We loaded.
Maybe we suggest you get loaded before you see reloaded.
Otherwise you want to miss no balls, chefs and hell of understanding reload it.
Then they have another movie called Matrix Revolutions, which is actually the second half of this movie reloaded.
Then again, none of it's really happening anyway, but it is the matrix.
We loaded.
That sounds like they got it to that low blow, but then yes, it is.
Turbo two at five sixty WQM.
The two best dogs have ever had cornered this fax R and we got them both on the list.
Boxer and a Boston Terrier.
See now to me, Terriers are like little Yippy dogs.
You know what I mean by that? Yippy Kaie?
Yeah, Yippy Kaie Kao.
You know what I'm talking about? They're like Yippy, Yippy.
Snappy.
Am I wrong?
No, they are.
Well, like I told you, Skippy, my first dog when I was a little kid, was part pomeranian and part the fox Terrier.
I don't think the pomeranian was like real bad.
We have a Yippy Skippy here in the building.
Yeah.
I heard he's a nutcase is what I heard. I heard he's a nut job.
Now who was it that was bitching about all the water nuts here?
We didn't put that on the air.
Water nuts, he was bitching Skippy out last week one day.
Which I don't understand why because even though he is a retard, he's, you know, he means well.
When you say?
Oh no.
Like I said, when it comes to Skippy, he's an asshole.
I mean, he's, I didn't say he's competent, but at least he's not well.
Okay, he's a QM sales guy. Let's be sure it's all.
Boxer sounds interesting. I don't know. Boxer.
Boxer's a nice dog like you said.
They're pretty and everyone that I've spoken to who's ever had one only raves about them.
Great temperament.
Great temperament. Speaking of Ryan Phillips, is this fact? Have you ever seen the modern day remake of dangerous liaisons called Cruel Intensions?
No.
I'm also, don't see it.
Don't. I'm also going to travel in more time to get you to see Brazil.
If you watch this while thinking of all those people who call you about the paper deck, how they're willing to give up some of their freedoms for the sake of safety.
Brazil.
Yes, I and don't see you.
I see I don't have time with this list that I'm making again. Look, I got resurrection way of the gun, shallow grave training day, legends of the fall, house of games, $20 bill,
Magnolia. I got a long list of the trapped, trapped with the Kevin Macon Bacon.
I don't have time for marginal movies. I only want greatness. You know what I mean? Greatness.
Also, the guy from Amenta was in a remake of the time machine. He avoided all caused.
Okay.
Yes.
Well, here you go. Here's another one for our list. Pugs.
Now, see, that's not my kind of dog at all.
Yeah.
They would have flat face like that.
Right.
It looked like they ran into a wall or something.
Yeah.
A couple of jowls, man. Pugs.
No, you tell me bulldogs. Yeah, them too.
Pugs are nothing.
No, bulldogs.
Pugs, bulldog on a list too, just for the fun. I don't like bulldogs.
Yeah.
Now, see, I think what I'm coming out of a closet as here, they are selective dogs like her.
I mean, I do love dogs and like, you know, if somebody had a dog and they brought it by no matter what kind of dog I'd pet it and like, you know, pretend to be nice to it.
But, uh, I'd some, it's like people.
Some people you like better than others and some people you'd like to pet more than others.
And some people, uh, they're okay, but you're not that crazy about hanging around with, right?
Yeah.
I see a lot of similarity, you know?
Like, for example, right in that building.
Let's see, Eric Rudolf's family spent time in homestead is this as this fact.
What is always a fluid connection to everything grotesque in the nasty.
Oh, look at this.
Jack Russell Terrier. They're very, very good.
My first dog and she's great or an English bulldog.
It says like we got bulldog Jack Russell Terrier.
I can't imagine what I can't think in my mind.
I've heard so much discussion about that.
Right.
Right?
Remember that?
What is that?
I don't know.
We can buy that.
If I did this, see if I had a break longer than 30 seconds, I might be able to go on and do a search on the way on the net.
But now I can't do anything.
This sales department has to watch Glenn Geary Glenn Ross about a week or two ago.
Man, I'm serious.
Bring Alec Baldwin in there and tie those bastards to a goddamn desk and let him just cuss their ass out.
In fact, just for all times they bring back.
He deserved it.
He was another rocket scientist.
Look at all the different sales holes that we've been through at IOD.
At this station, I think back over the years, some of the other places.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
By the way.
Yes.
Jack Russell Terrier is a beautiful dog.
Is it?
Beautiful dog.
If you see it, you know what it is immediately.
I mean, that's a good dog.
I've heard so much discussion about that.
And I even remember reading a thing on the internet about where that came from, the name and the whole.
We talked about that long time ago.
I mean, you know, let's face it, folks.
When you've been on the air for 100 years, like I have in this town, is there anything we haven't talked about other than who I'm dating?
I mean, other than that.
Here's the pool.
What's the best breed of dog for a pet?
And this isn't going to go over all that big because it's not exciting, you know?
Because I'm thinking of getting another dog.
I know I shouldn't be talking about that out loud because then my mother will be of Colin and bitching me out.
And you know, see dogs are as George has discovered.
Dogs are responsibility and they like tie you down a little bit.
And they, you know, but now that we found that doggy heaven place, what's the name of their place?
Bark Avenue.
Right.
Parkie's or it.
Now that we got that, I don't have to worry that if everybody's out of town, there's nobody.
In the house that, you know, we don't have a place to take the dog.
Because that one bad experience I had with my two dogs there, oh, that was bad.
That was really very unfortunate.
That was sad.
That was sad, Dr. West.
Boy, I just thought others, huh?
I just sent you a page of all the dog breeds.
You click on the breed, it'll show you stuff.
What do you mean by that?
When you open your email, there'll be an attachment.
It's a page.
Oh, it's on the email?
It will be.
Oh, speaking of email, how are we doing on our third hot couples contest?
I think we're off to a kind of a lame start on that.
One more today.
Yeah.
Do I have it?
Yeah.
Well, one more, one more in addition to what?
Oh, like I said, one.
Because the other one was bogus.
The other one was to make believe it was something off the internet that was, you know,
Oh, look at all of these emails here.
I've got eight emails.
Let's see, here's one from George.
The other ones can wait.
Let's see, Lynn says, check out German wife gives husband penis to, oh, I got to get that.
Don't we?
It must be a brought-worn story.
If it'll ever come up on here, come on.
I'm clicking on it.
I'm clicking it.
I'm clicking it.
God, sometimes this thing is so slow.
It's from, yeah, German wife give husband's penis the chop.
Berlin, a German woman is partially severed her husband's penis during a quarrel after sex police
in the southern town of Constance, say.
An incident recalling the main media former US marine John Wayne Bobbitt, who temporarily lost his penis in a similar attack,
the woman 43 sliced her 34-year-old husband's member with a carpet knife, police said.
They just had their bit of hanky panky and she went for him with the knife, police spokesman said,
the bleeding man drove himself to a hospital emergency surgery, the outcome wasn't known yet.
The woman probably should have driven to the nearby bar and tied one on.
The woman fled to a restaurant where police arrested her.
She was later released.
Police said the motive for the attack was unclear.
In 1993, surgeons managed to sew Bobbitt's penis back on after his wife cut it with a curving knife while he slept and threw it out of the window.
He later turned porn actor with his stunt-looking penis.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
Now what was the movie I told you Ron Jeremy was in, speaking of stunt penis?
Oh, that rules of attraction.
Oh, no wonder I'm not going to go see it.
I'm not going to finish seeing it.
I'm looking on the internet, we're talking about different movies before the show and here's rules of attraction.
And I'm looking at the cast and the stuff of the name is up on my faith, done aways in it.
And then I see Ron Jeremy.
Oh, and I thought, fat!
Oh, my God.
There is a man, you talk about one of the luckiest people on the face of the earth.
Here's a lady in Kendall, hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
How are you doing?
Good.
I'm so glad you're back at your old time.
Me too.
Yeah, me too.
Anyway, I just wanted to tell you about my dog.
I've had quite a few dogs.
I've purchased dogs.
And then I found dogs.
The dog I have now, a girlfriend found for me.
She's a dandy in Monterey.
She is the best dog.
I mean, all my dogs have been good.
Yeah.
But she is so good.
She's sort of like, in a way, like the way I have her hair cut, she looks sort of dengish.
But she's, I get a lot of compliments with her.
For example, like lots of times I have to work on South Beach.
And I would have to take her with me because I can't like leave her home for 12 hours at a time.
And I mean, in South Beach, of course, you meet people from all over the world as well as locals.
I have so many people who come up to her and just want to pet her and love her.
It's unbelievable.
My sister, she keeps prompting me to want to make a will.
I think she wants to adopt her.
You know, she's just a great dog.
She's not a yippy dog.
Now, you've mentioned like some like the Boston Terriers.
And then you've mentioned, what was it, the Jack Russell?
Yeah.
Some of those can be really good.
And then some of them are so yippy, it's unbelievable.
Well, how come we haven't put mint in on the list?
I guess the tiny would be upset if he knew that.
We better put mint in on.
And you know what else we better put on here?
How about a Doberman?
Doberman is a nice dog.
Doberman is a great dog.
I like her because she's only like 18 pounds, 20 pounds max.
So if I need to take her with me someplace, it's fine.
If somebody wants, you know, can take care of her for me.
If I'm out of town, you know, she's not like a huge dog.
But she has a great personality.
She's a great companion.
She's sweet.
Now, well, what kind of is it again?
What's the breed?
I'm Dandy Dinmont Terrier.
At first I think.
At Dandy?
Yeah.
I thought she was a losto for a long time.
And then my sister called me and said, no, I did some research.
And she's a Dandy Dinmont Terrier.
And another thing is, because my friend founder and gave her to me,
a lot of dogs, you'd be doing your grape favor to adopt one.
You know, a lot of them that I have bought from breeders.
I've been like looney to them.
Really?
Yeah.
You know, because like they're just overbred.
If some of my best dogs are just dogs that I need to found on the street or a friend, you know.
Yeah, sometimes this one's a good breeders are like the beesleaks.
They're in bread.
Okay, well, I got it down.
Thanks, sweetheart.
Okay.
Oh, and can I say Republican stuff?
Can I say that?
Okay, you sure can.
Okay.
But not too loud.
Okay.
They'll come and get you.
So anyway, the Republicans, Michael Powell and the other two partners in crime money FCC,
they pushed through this thing this morning as big business continues to thrive.
And they're going to say, oh, look, did you notice the market is through the roof again today?
I have no idea why.
I had to.
Because unemployment is grotesque and the dollar isn't worth 15 cents anymore.
The Dow is up 141, almost 9,890, one.
See that?
Mm-hmm.
I do.
NASDAQ is up 24.1619, but crude oil is down to rise too.
So what do you make of that?
I'll tell you what if you can't figure it out, call me Church.
My life and look all this is 420560.
You weigh it too, weigh it.
Can the makers of behind the camera, the Amanturai story of three's company, comes another
story of intrigue and betrayal.
Millions of Americans laughed along each week at their unscreen antics.
The backstage, egos, were out of control.
NBC presents behind the planet Melmack, the unauthorized story of Elf.
Alright, episode 9, scene 3, cake 36.
Hey, stop yelling.
Well, we're just about ready to roll out.
Oh, this, take 36.
Let me cheerleme a joint and shut up.
Al, can we just do this?
Hey, do this, buddy, please, Al, come on.
It's been a long day. Can we just shoot the scene?
Hey, who the f*** are you?
I'm Max. You know, I play Willie Tan.
I don't give a fly and crap, get out of my face.
What? You better take two steps back or I'm going to go medieval on your goofy 4-eyed ass.
Come on, what's the matter with you?
Hey, here you go. Who's the boss?
Hey, you're not the boss.
Oh yeah, what does that giant sign over there say?
It says that Thai lunatic shows how.
And who's the boss?
How?
Who's the boss?
How?
Alright, you are Ralph, you are.
You're damn right, I am your 4-eyed freak.
Chase, call my agent.
There was also sexual politics playing out behind the scenes.
Hey, what the f*** are you doing in my trailer?
Al, it's me, Andrew. I played with Lentana on the show.
What does that mean to me?
Well, we had a date last week and we got pretty intimate and you never called me.
And?
So we had something together.
We didn't. I point you. Move on, cuck-a-k.
What you told me you loved me.
You believed me?
Yes, I did.
I am a great actor then. Get the f*** out of here before I call security.
Behind the planet, no, Mac, the unauthorized story of Ralph next week on NBC.
Gotta see that.
12-19 at 5-60 WM-DQ-YM.
Here's the way to pull us coming so far.
What's the best breed of Duog for a pet?
See, personally, in South Florida especially, but even just generally.
I don't like hairy dog.
I mean, I don't want to say I don't like hairy dogs.
What am I saying? Golden retrievers are here.
Did I just say that?
Yeah.
No, but I mean, that would be the one exception.
But generally, I like like short hair dogs.
You know, dogs that are neat and clean and low maintenance and don't shed all over the place.
Month, 34. What did I tell you?
Best breed of a dog for a pet, 34, say a month.
Labyrinth, 3, 25. Golden, 3, 24.
German Shepherd 13.
I hate dogs, 8.
Oh, brother, what?
Oh, now it's 9.
9 people line assholes out there say I hate dogs.
Can you imagine what great things we could accomplish with a baseball bat, all three of us?
I'm sure these are the same people that didn't like Requiem for a dream.
Yeah, that must be it.
Yeah, they don't like dogs. That's their problem.
You know, the defining moment in that movie is when the pills aren't having the effect anymore.
And she puts a second one in her hand.
Right.
And she looks at it and looks at it.
It's like when the first half gallon of Breyer score ice cream doesn't satisfy you.
I mean, Sarah Goldfarb to me, even though the movie is in New York, to me, Sarah Goldfarb is what's out for it is all about.
Well, of course, Harry's what's out for it is all about too.
What's about to like?
Now, isn't that Morgan Freeman that plays the guy with his partner?
It's Josh Freeman.
Josh Freeman.
Let's see, I hate dogs nine.
Don't know. Never had a dog seven.
And not everybody should have a dog. I should point out, especially in this audience.
Can you imagine some of these people with the dog? Good.
Boston, Terrier five, Cocker, Spaniel four, Alpha Cockers, Portal two, Boxer two, Beagle one, Beijon, Frise one, Border Collie one, Shetland sheep dog one.
Pomeranians got one. You didn't vote for that. Did you? No, I wouldn't think so.
In fact, actually, George was trying to get rid of the dog his wife was the wife was upset.
And Jack Russell, Terrier one, none yet for anybody else on here. How about the mint pin?
Minutes, your picture has none.
Tiny would be so upset. He'd take it personal.
He feel really wounded. He'd pee on the carpet and protest.
Yeah, he'd do more than that.
Oh, my God, I bet you you could fill a bathtub 40 times with the amount of pee that he dropped in my carpet over the years.
You could fill up half of the goddamn ocean, but it's just one of those things.
And the excuse is, well, he's a little dog. You can't keep it in.
But wouldn't you assume that little dogs bladder is the same size and proportion?
Right. What I'm saying.
That would be like saying that George is sure it's therefore that's why he pees all over the floor all the time.
I mean, you know, maybe that's probably not the real reason.
56670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good. Two things.
This conception about Terriers. Terriers aren't happy dogs. They're small dogs, but they're great dogs.
They got a lot of, they're feisty and they got a lot of spirit.
Yeah.
And I've got a two-wire hair fox Terriers. And Vicki is list.
She'll be 15 this December.
Wow.
Greatest dog I've ever had. And a little bitch. I could say that lately.
She's getting old. She's going blind. But I would never trade her for another dog.
And this conception is that if you get a dog from a breeder, you get the inbreeding.
And that's not true. It's when you get them from the pet shop because they don't give a flying effabetic.
Like, you know, something I was very lucky because I bought both of my dogs at a pet shop being naive and stupid, I guess, as I was back then.
And I was just very lucky because they're generally they were both pretty healthy and they were really great dogs.
But I was just lucky.
You were lucky.
But I paid, and since I bought it from a pet shop, I'd take a thousand dollars.
And if I were to bought it from the breed, I would have paid about $3,000, $4,400 for it.
Wow.
I got screwed twice.
But movie. Drugstore cowboy was a good movie.
Yeah, somebody suggested that. I better write it down.
OK. All right. Thank you.
Thanks a lot, pal.
All right.
Drugstore cowboy.
It's got my schedule approval.
I mean, I'm not a big Matt Dylan fan.
And I still say his brother Kevin Dylan number one looks better, number two is a better actor.
But, you know, his brother's not famous.
In fact, the only movie I could tell his brother was ever in was remote control.
Notice how I remember that this time?
After the first 40,000 times?
That was an interesting movie.
He was also in the remake of the blob, which was actually pretty damn good.
Yeah, I like Kevin Dylan. He's a good little actor.
But drugstore cowboy, in fact, I'm going to go, I'm getting that today.
It's on my list. I'm getting about a half a dozen clicks today.
Matt did it. That's very well in that, boy.
Does he really?
I want some movie where he plays the, like, the pool.
What the hell is that?
The flamingo.
Yeah, that's it.
The flamingo kid.
The flamingo kid. He's pretty good in that.
Can't believe I remembered that.
That was that. They blurred it right out.
I'm telling you, George, for you better watch out.
Yeah. This punk is really, of course, he's not getting paid.
This is the only problem.
He's doing a hell of a job.
He's coming up with answers that we could never, but he just ain't getting paid.
So, in the, see the point of that is, we don't want you to get too big for your bridges.
A QAM will want, really like keeping everybody in their place, you know.
Before he started getting a swell head.
That's the one thing they're good at.
And then he'll like, when I moved, like, live inside somewhere, you know, as opposed to under the overpass,
who I like, live inside with, like, plumbing and stuff like that.
AC, what do I know what to do with it?
Here's the call from the Reblins. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm calling to say that George is completely wrong about Brazil, between the great movies ever.
Yeah, George. How do you like that?
Kind of covers everything that's going on now that's bad with everything.
That good thing's in it. It's just not what it should have been.
What does that mean?
What do you mean it's not what I do have bad execution?
I don't know about that either.
It's a wonderful movie.
I think I'm going to get it just out of spite for George and then we'll see.
And then you can cut me.
Okay, it's on my list.
Thank you.
Thanks, Paulie.
See, he said Brazil was pretty damn good.
But Brazil, I enjoyed it up to a point.
And that's what I'm saying.
By the way, don't go to Brazil, all your people out there.
Of course, nobody's going anywhere anyhow.
The good news is you do, and you have seen, even though it's not of interest to you,
I did put it on our website yesterday just so people would know.
Here, Canada is okay.
They got still problems, but at least they're solvent.
You realize that they came with an eyelash or just the shutting down?
So you say, oh, man, I mean, I was on pins and needles.
I got up earlier yesterday morning because they had decided until like 2.30
Saturday night yesterday morning because the damn pilots union was like,
they were the chigger in a wood pile.
And just like all the other airlines, they got problems, baby.
They got real problems.
And of course, not only the war and 9.11, all of these things, but also SARS and MADCAUS and all of this stuff.
So where Canada has been losing their ass, which in a way, you know,
hey, by the way, Helen and Aileen or whatever, I think her name is Aileen.
The other nicely either they're Canada or not, they're all nice.
Thank you guys.
You're going to be okay.
I think I hope because they sure cut a lot of jobs.
But came within an eyelash, you're having to fly American.
You know where you have to bring your own things.
They're so bad at American now.
You have to bring your own hand grenades to put in the overhead.
Use the supply, though.
But why don't the airlines just stop with the food thing?
Did you see that US scare is now making food available like for 10 bucks?
No, I didn't.
Yeah, I think in economy classes like 7 bucks in business or first five, 10 bucks,
for like some kind of a sandwich.
I don't get it.
I've been saying for years, why not just let the fast food people cater the thing?
They can heat it up into my grave, right?
Or just have some lean cuisines or...
No, no, no, don't forget about that.
You don't have to have like a chat to bring on and steak up, plop.
Forget about that stuff.
Just hungry.
Just like sandwiches should tide you over.
Unless you're on a long flight like those flights of Amsterdam.
And KLM does a pretty decent job.
I should point out.
Tombstone pizza.
You have a crew, take your seats.
Have a crew, take your seats.
And of course they say that about 20 times during a flight.
Now I like to see Holland.
Don't go there.
Just get on a plane and then turn around and come back.
I'm KLM.
It's a pretty good experience.
In business class.
Have a crew, take your seats.
Now why is it that they sit in English?
Everything else they say in Dutch first and then English.
You want to know why?
Make you feel better?
No, because the international language for everything is an English.
It's a point of that.
I know you knew that, but I just want to make sure everybody knows that.
So when are you going to start speaking it?
29 past noon at 5.60 WQA.
I'll tell you, speaking of dogs, man.
They're wonderful animals.
I love them, but there's no question that if you have carpeting in your home like I do,
they leave their mark.
Okay?
They put your carpets to the ultimate test.
They really test your carpets endurance, which is why you need to get in touch with our good friends at dry concepts.
I still have after 11 or 12 years in my house.
I still have the original carpeting.
Isn't that amazing?
That's amazing.
Especially with two dogs.
One of which, especially I don't want to mention the little one, head-like memory problems.
You know, they forgot to write it down on their paw.
Don't pee and don't crap in the house.
If tiny would have just written that down on the paw, Leonard would have had the tattoo thing.
At any rate, dry concepts will make all of that stuff disappear.
Not only the appearance of it, but the aroma as well.
Oh, God, when your dogs pee in a carpet, man.
Not good news.
But dry concepts, dry clean your carpet, which suck out that stuff that's nasty and grotesque.
Way down there in the fibers of your carpet, they make them look and smell and feel just like brand new.
Not only your carpeting, but also your drapery, your expensive area rugs, your oriental rugs,
your upholstery leather furniture, all of these things.
Dry concepts is like they weigh their little magic wand and perform a miracle right on your floor.
And if you have problems with pet odors or milder odors caused by water damage, dry concepts will make them disappear as well.
No games, no gimmicks, no rip-offs.
They give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job.
You can't be with a stick.
So talk to the professionals that dry concepts them and let them work their wonders in your house.
Call them tool-free, 1-800-248-5071.
Once you use them the first time, you'll understand why I've used them for over 20 years.
1-800-248-5071, or log onto their website at dryconcepts.com.
With dry concepts, don't forget their motto.
Clean today, you can entertain tonight.
And look all, this is 43560.
You weigh it in a way.
And what's noteworthy coming up tonight, inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
They got us chanting along to their hit, pour some sugar on me.
But could the song have been about sex?
We'll find out from Deaf Lever.
What ever gave you the idea was about sex.
Sex, that is rich.
Deaf Levered vocalist Joe Elliott spoke to inside the behind.
Along with his manager, Slavvy Gold.
That song is not about sex.
Right, definitely not.
I specifically told the boys write a song about sugar.
About how much you love sugar and you want it poured all over you.
Right.
In fact, if you had to choose between getting sugar poured on you,
or the luscious love nectar of some hot bay poured on you,
you would definitely not go with the sweet sticky,
the listening moisture dripping from the nuts.
It's about sex.
Yeah, it's totes about sex.
I mean, well, you got it.
Of course.
So why asks inside the behind,
did they feel the need to lie?
Listen, things ain't been too good for Deaf Lever since the 80s.
We've been looking for ways to make some dough.
So we're, we're doing a children's album.
Yeah, we thought we could put some distance between us and love juices.
But the bands are going to love this record too.
Don't you worry, the boys ain't going to compromise.
No way, we're going to rock you.
You know, with songs like, my best friend is neat.
And it crossed the street with care today.
Right.
And they must do what mommy and daddy told me.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
There, there, there.
Come on.
You want to be, I want to take drugs and body.
No, no, no, we all got each.
Deaf Lever.
A band's got to do what a band's got to do.
But we'll all show them those references to female secretions.
It's a big, juicy, shopping, went, look at show business tonight.
On inside the behind.
Pro 34 and 560 W. Kimber, we're getting a lot of doggy faxes now, you know what?
Yep.
Although thank goodness so far, nobody has said,
oh, Nia, I got these puppies for it.
No.
And of course, if you get one, you really have to have two, don't you?
What for a appetizer to keep each other company?
No, exactly.
Oh, that would have been terrible if I would have had only one of those two dogs all those years.
They keep each other great company.
Or at least they annoy the hell out of each other.
They can spire.
Here's a faxes I discovered to CBC after you mention them.
CBC, how are they doing?
Obligation.
Because this Canada's oldest and first political party.
Yeah, you're out, man.
All those conservatives there did meet here.
It says, found the video stream and shared it with your listeners during the war.
Yes, we have.
It's right on our website.
There's a link to it.
I've been watching the CBC for a while.
And other coverage there is great.
They give two points of view.
And there is no sensationalism over the weekend just to see how their conservatives are like.
I watched the progressive conservative convention.
To me, it seems that their pussy cats compared to the Republicans.
And if this is what conservatives are like in Canada, then the liberals must really be great.
I wouldn't say anybody of the politicians here are great, but by comparison.
Also, I was shocked on how open a convention was like compared to ours where a regular schmoo can be there.
And part of it no matter what they think.
See, when you watch the apartment on the ear here, just like in Britain, they like some guy will be speaking or even a Prime Minister.
And they're like, are you for granted?
And they're all screaming and pounding and thinking, the bag is great.
I love that.
It's fun.
In fact, sometimes they're so loud you can barely hear them.
And they have to be just streaking before the guy with the flowing robes gets up in the demands everybody shut up.
Yeah.
It says it seems watching the CBC that Canada is more open and a mellow place.
Absolutely correct.
Where people are still loud and not afraid to express themselves and be themselves.
Now you catch it on.
That's why I live here.
It's a great place.
That's why I live here part of the time, like most of the time.
The CBC report is also seem to encourage it when they're interviewing.
It's a sad, sad, and this day that the FCC has sold out.
But I have to go to the CBC and BBC to get the national news.
But it seems as if everything in the USA and I was sell out and fake.
Sad indeed.
More people should watch the CBC to see how different their news are compared to ours.
How much we're slipped to a fake production of everything.
So I'm thinking of checking out Canada to see what it's like.
I've lived in South Florida all my life and it was bad in the past but now it's much worse.
I've got a cousin who lives in Vancouver.
I may go there also to run a Montreal to get a feel for Canada.
Question are you thinking about returning to Canada when you're done with radio?
Yes.
Oh, I would do the same I'm doing now.
You know, I live here part of the time, part time resident, and then like November through when the winter is sucks.
Then I would not be here.
I don't think I'd be in South Florida though.
Do you?
No.
I've had a choice.
Not me.
North Carolina sounds real good for George.
Right.
So here's the dog faxes.
I've had a lot of dogs as Joe and South Miami and I'm compared to my two Jack Russells.
He says their brilliant dog short hair, little shedding, very low maintenance, super loyal, funny as Schmidt, content entertainment.
Here's the key.
The short legged versions are wider than the log leg kind.
The short legged type can be a little hyper.
I've had them both in the log leg type as an o-brainer.
You'll love them.
A long legged Jack Russell terrier says this guy.
Okay?
Okay.
Expensive little dogs.
I don't think you care about it.
There what?
Expensive little dogs.
What do you mean by that?
They're expensive.
Actually looked into getting one a long time ago and I actually had a job that made money.
Yeah.
What's expensive?
Thousand?
For you?
Yeah.
That's why I kept looking.
This is a guy that can't even afford dog food with what he's making now.
Who's not going to get paid on the 10th of June.
Did Ferris come in and give you a kiss on the cheek and make up and tell me he's going to take care of that?
Huh?
Ferris ain't taking care of it?
She's a liar!
Yeah, that bitch.
Here's the fact that the best dog breed in the world is Kishon.
The breed is the national dog of Holland, barge dogs.
Forty pounds of love, very, very sensitive.
Never a bad attitude.
Never a bad day.
I have two of them.
Never a bad day.
Why do I get to think there's never been a bad tomberpley day?
Remember that?
No.
No, because you didn't see that moving.
You won't watch it.
Tell it Mr. Ripley.
Right?
No.
Forty pounds, where she says, Tom, why do I get to think there's never been a bad tomberpley?
There's something like that.
You did it, Tom!
You did it!
Good movie.
You just don't want to see it because of the fat element and I'm telling you you'd like it.
It's an excellent movie.
That and everybody I know said it sucked.
No, it did not suck.
The town that Mr. Ripley sucked.
You know, it's a big trouble.
That's what the man asked for.
If it comes on cable for free, I'll watch it.
How's that?
When it rotates around again.
Here's Trish who says, my favorite dog is the Rottweiler.
Get that on there, beater boy.
Rottweiler.
They're wonderful dogs, very protective and great with children.
Very misunderstood dogs believe it not the Cockers Spaniels are not good with children.
Really?
I thought all the Althacockers were good with little kids.
No, history of bites.
Spaniels?
Yeah.
Cockers Spaniels bite.
And fingers.
And so do the child.
And so do the Spaniels bite.
So do the child.
Childs bite.
Notorious.
Bad, bad, bad.
Beautiful dogs.
Black tongue.
Really great.
They bite away with everything.
Black tongue.
They have a black tongue.
They've been taking pectobizmal.
Oh, that's right.
Pectobizmal don't make your tongue black.
It makes your tongue black.
I forgot to say that.
Michelle says, and that's a little message for you people out there.
If you ever take pectobizmal, which you shouldn't, because it's really bad stuff.
But if you do take it, it makes your tongue black.
So don't get all panicky.
Do you ever have that happen?
Not today.
Good.
Michelle says, well, I'm asking you, you're always got an upset stomach and crawl it around on the floor and puke in the area.
I'm not sure.
It's probably from all those, well, I don't want to say anything about drugs again.
From all that bad stuff.
I only see a pig crash.
Come on, Sarah.
It's time for a couple of blue and sweetheart.
I am going to watch that again.
I know I got all these other movies on my list.
I got to watch that again.
I'm just, I'm obsessed.
In fact, if you tuned in late, the first hour of the show we started something new today, every day between 10 and 11 until we run out of movies.
What year is that going to be?
25, 25?
We'll take one movie and take a poll on it.
Now, the homework assignment, see this would be good if we could get people to go out and rent these movies today and then like tonight they could watch it.
Because otherwise we're just going to be stuck with those people who have already seen it.
Tomorrow we'll do Glen Gary Glen Ross.
Believe me.
If you're a sales hole, if you know sales people, if you work with sales holes like we do, this is a movie you've got to see.
Glen Gary Glen Ross.
But we took the poll on Requiem for a Dream today.
We had 75,000 votes and every one of them said, Neil is right.
The movie is great.
And that what it said?
Right.
Michelle says, I'd like to suggest the rat terrier.
Do you ever hear that?
I'm confused because in some of the stuff that I'm looking through the break here, I see the Jack Russell Terrier referred to as a rat terrier.
Now, I don't know if you've been in the stake or what.
Well, wait a minute.
It says the dogs are short, have short hair and pointed ears.
I love my rat terrier.
There is no way in hell I would suggest a Jack Russell Terrier.
Those dogs are crazy.
I'm confused.
I see.
And it says, here's some information on rat terriers.
Just in case you think it's a joke because of the other name.
And it must be another sheet that Michelle said or maybe didn't come through.
The info.
I thought it facts everything.
No, you got a sheet there with the info on the rat terrier.
Let's get with it.
Okay.
I still like the idea with the chicken on the leaf.
Five and a half.
This is five sixteen.
The radio's on your side.
You win.
Well, the dog almost died.
And that's cos he tried to towed for breakfast today.
He started to foam and he started to mow and his eyes rolled around in his brain.
So I came into work and there was some jerks all these mung brains were causing me pain.
My army was chronic, allodale catatonic, and on each head for brains.
Okay, here the doubt on the back.
I'm trying to fix you that thing.
Phil Salton's number.
Okay.
And just as I started to find there goes it's gone through 1243 at 560 WQ AM.
Here's the information from Michelle.
Let's see, considering a jack Russell see comparison chart.
Other like more pages coming.
Or is this just it?
This was the only thing that I thought was what I didn't.
You know, but in rat terrier.
A natural hunting ability and of course, I'm looking at the picture and you can't you know the 18th generation to finally get here.
Can't really make it out.
In northern California rat terriers hunt deer in the canyons.
In the southern section they participate in dog circuses.
In the southeastern states, there's anonymous woods squirrel hunting.
Some state local police departments use them as drug sniffing canines.
Oh, good.
I'll bring it to work every day when I'm down here.
I can check out Georgia.
He can help me go look.
Maybe Syracon hooked up with a diet doctor.
Hey, doctor.
Or I just covered dinner.
Have you ever wondered how come so many diet doctors have skinny people coming to their office every day?
No, I don't know.
I know.
49 people say a mutt is the best breed of dog for a pet.
49 say a mutt.
40 golden retriever.
Oh, yeah.
Lavardor retriever 33.
I hate dog 16.
Boy, would we like to beat the crap out of you people?
I don't understand that.
How can there be people who hate dogs?
Cat people.
Oh, whoa.
Don't know.
Never had dog nine.
Boston terrier eight.
Boxer seven.
Cocker Spaniel five.
A little nippy.
Cocker.
Jack Russell terrier five.
Poodle four.
Doverman pincher four.
Beagle bulldog.
Minpin have three of these.
I think that's what I'll probably get if I do get a dog.
Another minpin.
Hey, tiny.
Now is that permitted?
I mean, can you get another dog and call it the same name or does that make you neurotic?
Why not?
Well, if you get a minpin, believe me, you'll be neurotic.
Pomeranian two.
Pug two.
Bishoffer's a two.
Colley two.
Sh-
Careful.
Shetland the sheep dog two.
Minutes two.
German Shepherd one.
Border Colley one.
Scottish terrier one.
So far two and twenty one votes.
So it should please you to know.
Yes.
Trying to find pictures of these dogs that we're talking about.
Mm-hmm.
There are many, many dog comparison sites like Yahoo dogs and things like that that have pictures.
Doggy poop.
All the vital statistics reviews what their strengths are, what their problems are, etc.
And do they shed blah blah blah.
Or something that sounds like that.
Right.
So they shed a lot like all over the floor.
Remember how I told you about house breaking the dog people and I didn't just make that up.
It's not something that I would have done.
Do I dare say it on the ear?
Why not?
Matches.
Oh yeah, yeah.
Not wooden matches.
Paper matches.
No, thank you.
What?
I just, I'll stick to the old part.
Okay, I won't do the matches then.
How about those little baby suppository?
No, no, no, no.
Yeah, that's fine for the vet.
That's what I pay him for.
I have doggy poop.
You know what I'm talking about house breaking your dog?
Your vet isn't going to house break your dog.
When you take your dog and you take it outside when it's a little puppy and you insert a little baby suppository.
And of course then, right outside.
Thank you.
No shortcuts for me.
What do you mean by that?
It's a hell of a lot thinner than laying papers down and finding out they've got a bad aim or something.
I have a little zone or a big box or something like that.
And then you get lender to come by and you write on their paw.
Don't do this inside.
Do this outside.
Things like that.
House broken.
Lots of dogs.
I'll just stick to that method.
Thank you.
Don't let me forget.
I'll Wednesday will do memento when they tend to live an hour.
Memento.
Okay.
Write it on the end.
Yeah, write it on your arm between now and Wednesday to go out and rent memento.
And don't be one of the, see, one of the promises we got a lot of impatient people.
So I'm sure that some of these people, if they go to a movie theater to see a movie,
you know, these are the people that walk out like 20 minutes into the flick.
You've seen people like that.
Oh, it is saying for me just like that.
Oh, I watched the first 10 minutes and it was so boring.
Which I don't buy them, but even assuming you just stick around and you'll find out
it really gets great, okay?
You impatient fastudes you.
Here's a lady in Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi, how are you?
How about a befend me?
A besenji?
A besenji for a dog.
Defend me?
How do you spell that?
B-A-S-E-N-J-I.
They're African dogs.
They're short hair.
They're very easy to take care of.
They don't shed.
They love the heat.
They clean themselves like a cat.
And they don't bark.
They don't bark at all.
They're barkless dogs by their breed.
Are you serious?
I'm serious.
I have one.
They're the best dog.
They're close.
They're quiet.
They're really...
Well, what about if somebody's trying to break into your house at three o'clock in the morning?
No.
They make this yodel in that noise.
The yodel?
Yeah.
Other adorable dogs.
They're very clean and neat.
They love the heat.
You can leave the dog outside.
They'll lay in the sun.
And they're just...
They're quiet and...
No, it's not going to...
How much do they weigh?
20 to 24 pounds.
Oh.
It's like real tiny dogs.
They're like in between.
They're in between, but you would love to have one.
Okay.
I got it down.
I'm going to look it up.
Look it up.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
56670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Horizon Wireless Line.
Vassengie.
Vassengie, there's so many different bizarre breeds of dog.
The most of us never heard of before.
Right.
If you were to go to Europe, which of course you won't,
that was what you're making.
But if you were to go there sometime and you'd be a maid,
I don't know if they're like they have different breeds
or if they're just mongrels.
And the dogs, too, I'm talking about.
Both, I'm sure.
56670560.
Now in Germany, I did see a lot of dogs ones.
Yeah.
And German shepherds.
But I guess that makes sense, though.
And dogs, too.
Don't be knocking the people in Germany, man.
Oh, I know.
At least the ones under 40, the ones over 40 you can have.
They'll make you pay.
But the ones under 40, oh my goodness.
What is that all about?
Seriously, Cologne Germany is a place you market right on your arm.
Get a tattoo.
Before I die, I'm going to Cologne.
And right at the way they spell a KOLN.
OK, with the two dots over the O.
Got it?
I don't want to get an arm tattoo about you.
Now, let me ask you this, because I noticed in the movie in Memento, he was tattooing some of his own stuff.
Like, don't answer.
He found that don't answer the phone was under the bandage.
That was a fresh tattoo.
I see.
So if he had a fresh tattoo, he'd put a bandage over it.
And I guess he forgot to take the bandage off.
I guess.
Had a little bit of a memory problem.
The sky Leonard.
A little.
Just a little one.
And because he was going to the tattoo parlor all the time.
But didn't he have to write himself a note?
How did he remember to go to the tattoo parlor?
No, no, but when he went to the tattoo parlor, didn't he have to write himself a note as to what he was going to get tattooed?
I don't remember.
It's special notes.
It's the special notes.
I guess he puts a little asterisk next to them.
And those are the ones that he needs to go to the tattoo shop.
That's why I see.
Because I was confused.
Like Teddy.
Don't trust him.
Don't believe his lies.
Don't believe his lies.
560, 7.0, 560, pound 560 on it.
And I know that there are a lot of people in this audience and a lot of you.
If you were to watch that movie, you'd bitch us out.
You'd say, I rented it.
I bought it.
And I said, watch the first five minutes.
And I just heaved it out the window.
I'm using it as a guy that's in coaster now.
Because it's a suck.
But you have to have patience.
You have to stick with it.
And then you realize that your brains are going to be fried by the time you get finished.
But it's well worth it.
Here's a call from Orlando.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have a dog for you.
It depends on what you definition of a good Ted is.
I have a good dog.
And I'm a big guy.
But I have two Chihuahua.
Oh, two small and two nervous for me.
Well, I have one that's good.
Oh, and glad you got your pummer any back George.
Thank you.
I won Chihuahua.
I was a bad one.
It's named Nicky also.
So, uh, but what I was well behaved.
And, uh, I probably got you some listeners, Neil.
It was on the Internet for your night.
I listened to Forrest.
He's great, by the way.
Yeah.
And, uh, I found somebody up in New York.
And he had all these bits like the grease band and Ron and Fizz.
And I was trying to find a lot of things.
I got blown out of New York also.
And he had them soundbikes.
And he was looking for Forrest by emailing them to them and check out NeilRogers.com.
And he'll be back.
So, thanks a lot.
So, you probably got to listen to their excellent.
And then closing.
I have Keisha on play for Tampa Bay.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Okay.
Put while you're ahead.
Look at this.
13 emails.
How can I have 13 emails on here?
We've been ganging up on you.
Yeah, I said to you a couple.
Oh, wait a minute.
Here comes a picture from George.
Oh, isn't that cute?
That's my kind of dog.
The Jack Russell Terrier.
That is one of my favorite little dogs.
I've seen those.
Yeah, they're cute.
Those are great.
Oh, this is the long wagon one.
Is that the short wagon one or is that the little puppy?
Yeah.
Because that one next to it, I'm a little bit nervous about.
Sorry, I didn't specify.
I know there's a, I think that's a puppy.
Oh, that's a, that's a great little dog.
Famous dogs.
They're in a lot of movies.
Let's see.
Miguel.
Oh, Miguel sent me more stuff that also won't know.
Start day for, okay, great.
You're the best Miguel.
You're okay.
You're fair.
By the way, tell Miguel I'm coming back tomorrow.
Just to make them nervous.
And I'm going to breathe all over you, Miguel.
I'm going to breathe on you.
Okay, Lin is the email me 75 times.
But I don't have time right now.
I'll say Carlos.
Oh, wait a minute.
Let me go back to that one because it says, I know you'll make fun of me.
Okay.
And you know me.
Standard poodles are great dogs.
As Lynn Stammels, they're smarter than many people I've known.
Well, that can be said of almost any drug.
They're not little yappy ones.
They're the big poodles.
Standard poodles.
Right.
Also, resurrection is a great movie.
You might also want to check out repulsion.
Anybody seen repulsion?
Nope.
That also must be about salespeople.
Now, what's the one I said I haven't watched yet?
Oh, um, the cannibal one.
Ravenous.
Ravenous.
I've got that in the other room.
I haven't watched that one.
It's the only one I bought that I haven't seen yet.
Besides kids and gummo.
Bring those down with you.
Please.
I'm going to bring those down and stuff them up.
Beener boys ass.
This is cute.
We got a fact here.
It says best dog is a pet up dog.
What's that?
Oh, going on.
Can't imagine what bit we're playing next.
So, limb likes poodles.
Okay, standard poodles.
Well, to each his own.
Okay, I'm just not a poodle guy.
It's okay.
I don't take it personal.
But I'm just not a poodle guy.
Okay, let's go back to the inbox while Neil checks his emails on here.
Kind of like Hank doing his bookie while he's in the middle of his show.
Ah.
Oh, pair of jack russles from Beener Boy.
Here we go.
Here comes the picture.
Oh, those are great.
Those are wonderful.
All the one on the right is ugly.
Yeah.
Huh?
Don't get that one.
No, I want the one on the left.
He's cute.
It's cute.
But the one on the right is, uh, I don't know.
They're kind of like strange shape, though, aren't they?
Some of them are.
I don't know what's the difference.
I saw both kinds.
I saw ones with like really good.
They're like, they're like, they're like, they're like, they're proportion.
And then they're like that.
Oh, here comes the key shon.
And he's right.
He's wearing what number is key shon?
We're 13.
According to that, he's not.
K-Case him.
K-Case him.
Look at that.
K-Case him.
I don't see any beautiful dogs.
There is e-shon.
There is e-shon.
There is e-shon.
There is e-shon.
But a lot of similarity as far as like the main and the face shape and everything.
There's a re-called the key shon.
K-E-E-S-H-A-N.
Oh, this one's cool.
I don't have time for this.
I got to go and open the file and fart around.
Don't you realize it's only a four-hour show?
I'm sure the audience is excited as Neil Texas emails.
Check along with me, okay?
Take a look at the picture.
56670560.
Here's a Cooper City call.
Adopt a greyhound.
I have four of them.
They're the greatest dogs.
I've shawed head.
They don't bark.
Pointy-mile in an hour.
How's potatoes?
Ha-ha-ha.
You know who that is, no sir?
Yeah.
A lot of...
He needs some.
Although he does have a good point.
That is a lot more people should have not the greyhound.
Everybody says, well, not everybody.
Some people tell me that they're nervous and high-strong.
Yeah.
They are.
That's what I've heard.
Oh.
And other people say they're great pets.
But the sad part of it is that you really should.
A lot of you should adopt the greyhound to keep it from getting the gas.
Okay.
Because I understand that you people are dog racing vigness.
You're in denial.
You don't want to admit what goes on in a breeding.
And of course if they run real fast, that's great.
And if they don't run fast enough, they're not uping, you know?
Very sad.
That's tragic.
That's a real disgrace.
You know who used to be in the dog grow racing vigness?
Hey.
And I only mentioned it in passing.
Tom Jicca.
We're sports radio 560, UAM.
Pow, this is Rosie O'Donnell.
And the clock on my stomach says it's the Neil Rogers.
Once it's him.
And the way we go.
Hey man.
Hey who's this?
It's Jeff.
Hey, I was in your restaurant and it smelled like updog.
What is updog?
I don't know.
What's up G?
Yo, yo, yo.
Get it?
No.
Okay.
We were just speaking to us like the place of catering order.
Hey Richard.
Yeah.
I was in your restaurant, my wife and I, and she was commenting as I was, that it smelled like updog.
Like what?
Updog.
What is updog?
No, what's up with you G?
Get it?
Are you okay?
Yeah, hi, a gizuntite.
Hey, I was in your place and it smelled like updog.
What's updog?
Eh, not much.
What's up with you G?
Yeah, what's updog?
Was I in dog?
Yeah, not much, yo.
I'm busy.
What, what you want?
Your place smelled like updog.
Okay, bye.
Get it?
Yeah, hey, how are you?
Hey, I was in your place and it smelled like updog.
What is updog?
I don't know.
What's up with you G?
Get it?
Ha ha ha.
Okay, 102 at 5.60 WQM.
It's our big one to two hour.
We took a poll on the first hour today between 10 and 11 o'clock
about that movie.
Requiem for a dream.
172,000 votes and they all said Neil was right.
It was sensational.
One of the all-time bests.
Now, Dean of Boy, let me ask you this question.
How many Jack Russell Terriers do I need to see?
How many pictures did you send me?
Oh, come on, but I helped you pick up on the second one.
Huh?
I was only supposed to send you the second email.
The first one was a mistake.
Jesus, I'm going to have like 75,000 emails here.
Where is the picture of those contestants he asked?
Non-topeless.
What?
What's another one?
I got to patch around and open the file and fart around with that.
I don't have time for that.
Now, don't you understand?
I guess I'll have to wait and go through all of these after the show in about 10 minutes.
5.670560.
Oh, here's another picture.
Wait a minute.
One moment, please.
Oh, it's the Jack Russell Terrier.
Yeah, put the Jack Russell Terrier on our hot couple of contests.
Here's a lady in Cooper City.
Hello.
Hello.
Lady Cooper City is gone.
Hello.
Hola.
Gone.
She's long gone.
5.670560.
See the problem is I can't get anything done here in between the breaks because there are no
breaks.
I got news for you.
Once they clean out your sphincter tomorrow, if you better get in there and go back and beat the crap out of that square and bitch.
You better get to Alec Baldwin in there.
Straighten that sales department out.
I have a feeling that you were right before.
There's something going on with these with the time changes of the shows.
Yeah.
That they left them kind of holding the El Saco.
And nobody knows which spot is supposed to run where, but that's their problem.
But in the meantime, it makes for a format from a hill.
Cindy says, if you want a smart, lovable, calm dog, get a booby-air day flanders.
Booby-air.
My dog Oliver came from Belgium and is so smart he rings a bell to go outside and do his job.
He rings a bell to go outside and take a whatever he wants to take.
Number one, two or three.
I bought him from Claire McLean who wrote a very good book on his breath.
They have long hair, but I keep his short and they look like bears.
They look like bears.
A booby-air day flanders.
I'm also factoring with Harold Neighbors' cover of a booby-air this past weekend's dog show.
Oh, look at that.
Did you see this?
I'm looking at it now.
Good luck and even if you don't take my advice on the booby-air, any dog you get will be great.
PS, Brazil is one of the all-time worst movies.
I guess what?
I just crossed it off my list.
Huh?
I wish I was good.
Maybe he's just into what goes on down there.
I don't know what it is.
It was a good idea and good cinematography and good execution.
Kind of like sprinkling.
Bad execution.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th and 10th Verizon Wireless Line.
In anticipation of my possibly getting another dog possible, we're asking them to say,
what's the best breed of dog for a pet?
MUT65.
Golden Retriever 47.
Lab Retriever 45.
I hate dogs 22.
22 real nasty subhuman pieces of crap say they hate dogs.
I thought maybe there might be a couple.
You know, 22.
Does that explain to you a lot about this audience some of the cause we get?
Some of the behavior of these assholes?
German Shepherd 17.
Don't know, never had a dog 14.
Jack Russell, Terrier 9.
Boston Terrier 8.
Cocker Spain to late.
Eight like the old cockers.
Boxer for a 7.
Poodle 5.
Doberman Pincher 5.
B. Schaunfer's a 4 Bulldog 4.
Shetland sheep dog 4.
Beagle 4.
I do like Beagles.
But they have big floppy ears.
M.
Minoture Pinchers 4.
There you go, Tiny.
O.
Colley 3, Border Colley 3.
Rotweiler 3.
Minoture German Shepherd 2.
Most people I don't think you've ever seen those.
Those are really neat little dogs.
Pomeranian 2.
Pug 2.
Not for me.
See to me a pug is not a dog.
I shouldn't say that because you probably got people in the arms having mispests.
I mean, you have a pet but you don't have a dog.
You follow what I'm saying?
I get it.
That's not my definition of a dog.
Scottish Terrier 1 and that's it.
And let me just say this to you also, there's little balls of fur that, you know, some people carry around like those lady dogs.
That to me also is not a dog.
Right.
Accessory.
It's an accessory.
It's a ball of fur.
5.
6.
7.
05.
60.
Pound 5.
60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
All right.
I have to agree with you.
What's some of the colors?
We thought the boxer?
Yeah.
Excellent dog.
But I got to correct George.
They are naturally floppy ear dogs.
I know what?
It's generally to, um, you got to cut Bob the ears.
Can you guys say?
They generally, the tail is docked like three-eighthousers are born.
But you get a dog with floppy ears and they look really cute with the ears floppy.
Or they look a little timidated with the ears up.
Excellent dogs.
They're, uh, they're, they're called satin guard dogs.
They don't really bark.
The only bark that something is up, otherwise they're quiet.
Very low maintenance, wash and dry them.
And that's only really good one, prior.
What?
Low maintenance.
Here is his top of the drier, George.
Yeah.
Okay.
There are a little too big of that.
I mean, there are medium sized dogs, female generally.
Oh, big one.
Around 45 to 65 pounds, males generally between like 55 to 70 pounds.
Here it is.
So that's it on that.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Sure.
There you go.
There's everything you wanted to hear about a boxer and then some.
Not for me though.
I don't want to dog that big.
Although I might just get a golden retriever and a minpin to, to average amount.
Yeah, because you got one, it's like 80 pounds and one that's 10.
That's about 45 each.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Everywhere.
So you can't go back.
You know, be like, try to recreate your children.
You can't go back.
No.
You know, you just leave, let's leave dogs.
Why?
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Oh, you got Neil?
Yes.
Oh, okay.
Shoot.
I can't say that.
Yeah.
He's still there.
Okay, listen.
I'm still here.
You just said shoot.
You can say shoot.
Okay.
It's not if you're getting one.
Don't get another tiny.
Look at a jack Russell.
I don't have one.
Girlfriend has one.
Get the short leg of the.
You know what the history of those things were?
They, uh, Fox hunting.
These things are burrows.
They're like, uh, back in Vietnam, they had the guys that, uh, tunnel rats go in after
the get-gong and stuff.
These things would tunnel into little things and chase the Fox out the other hole or something
like that.
Uh, they can be as active as you want them to be.
And extremely intelligent.
Girlfriend had one.
I don't think the thing ever did a crap in a house.
It's a year and a half old.
Really?
Oh.
It, it, it's strange.
He tells me over the phone that, uh, well, I'm, I'm going to take her for a walk and a dog
starts flipping and stuff.
Know what it means.
She started spelling it.
After about a week the dog could stow W-A-L-K.
But she has to start, you know, I'm going to take which we call it for W-A-L-K.
And a dog can hear, you know, I mean, extremely intelligent.
Uh, get the short legons though.
Uh, they'll burrow underneath the, uh, comforter in your room won't come out unless you want
to screw with them.
Fan, add, I don't want to do that.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks.
Bye.
See you.
5667-0560, pound 560 on a AT&T.
Here's the whole history of the Vuvia de Flanders.
Looks like a big sheep dog.
Give me a minute.
Or a little sheep dog.
Oh, is it a little?
I don't know.
You don't, we don't have anything for a scale on this picture.
Oh, it says it's about 26 inches at the withers, 25 for, and weighs 70 to 110 pounds.
That's a big, big sheep dog.
That's a big, big sheep dog.
Thanks, Cindy.
And she also says I'll read that again.
Brazil is one of the worst movies of all time.
Crossed it out, sir.
The guy that called him was a bitching you out.
I mean, see, just by accident, George, once in a while is right.
Just like on, on that.
Who is the one that turned me on?
That movie.
Me.
See?
Years.
Yeah, but I'm going to want to turn you on to happiness.
Yep.
So we're even.
Now, what's the one with Brad Pitt that I got to see, Legend of the Fall?
Legend of the Fall.
The one where he's naked the whole movie?
Oh, I didn't say that.
He's, you know, I mean, to reach his own, but he's, I don't look at pun him in that, you know.
I mean, that movie he did with, with that Ricky Schroeder, naturally.
He was like a punk, you know, he looked pretty good.
Hey, that's Rick Schroeder now.
Oh, excuse me.
You know, Rick Schroeder actually did a, some movie where he was pretty good.
Was it made me a TV thing?
I forgot what it was.
I saw him in some time.
I was embarrassed.
I was humiliated that actually watched it because he, you know, he still looks the same.
He looks like, like hell, punky little kid, like 10 years old.
But he was actually a pretty good actor in that movie.
See, this is a problem that people have to bear child actors.
Just ask Robert Blake, like what it did for him, see?
Just ask Mo, he'll tell you.
There was a three-stages movie on yesterday.
I came so close to running in here and just putting it on cassette.
I really did.
I'm just too lazy to do it.
Yeah, there's a lot of it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It was great.
And then I thought, why should we pick on Mo now that he's been demoted, huh?
And back early in the morning.
I mean, out of sight, out of mind, Mo, he's still going to get the message.
That's the point.
You asshole.
He's still not going to stand.
Maybe when they put him on from like 230 to 245.
You asshole.
Maybe then he'll start thinking, well, maybe there's something wrong going on here.
Maybe they're trying to tell me something.
Yeah, we're trying to tell you something, Mo.
We hate you, like poison.
12 minutes after one, but we don't want to get into personalities.
As he always says.
Let me tell you about a place where you'll love the people that you do business with dial amatris.
I've been telling you about them for a very, very long time.
And that's because I've been using them myself for years.
You won't get a better deal on a great mattress anywhere in the world than dial amatris.
And you won't find a company more dedicated to customer service than these people,
which is why they're ranked number one in the world and customer satisfaction.
Just one easy call to 1-800-MATRUS.
And you won't believe how simple it is to pick out the perfect bed for you depending on how you sleep.
The expert bedding consultants guide you through the whole process.
And these people really know that product details couldn't possibly be more helpful for all the money in the world.
Ever go to a showroom and they start stirring it toward a house brand, something you never heard of.
Maybe a discontinued set or a mismatch.
In other words, a piece of crap.
Dial amatris doesn't waste their time or yours with crap.
They sell only the best.
Top quality ceiling, service events, tempera-peatic mattresses with no sales gimmicks and no false promises, too.
They've got the high end beds as well, like Cili's crown jewel line and the top models from every brand all the everyday low prices.
So call tool free right now 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS.
And you'll see what I mean for yourself.
Ask about the corporate exchange policy, too, if you're not completely satisfied with the exchange it for, with no questions asked.
Plus they give you free setup, free removal.
You get to pick the date and time for delivery that fits your schedule when it's convenient for you. Nobody else does that.
Dial amatris, I'm telling you again, it's the easiest, the most intelligent, a piece of cake way to get you a great new mattress and a good night's sleep for years to come.
Call them today 1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS or visit their website at matris.com.
This is 20-year-old FICIP.
You will.
There's a butt ass smell.
All right now, welcome back to the Mojave de Chau on Yard. More mucus of station.
No!
We got a spatial guest journey in this today.
Oh no! Not on the feedlard again.
That's tape feedlard, ya numpsco.
And they didn't hear me.
I'm even tired of dropping his date.
So how is the ratings party?
I don't want to talk about it.
Why?
Well you see, I thought it was an old nude ratings party.
Lawrence told me everybody there was going to be in the nude, so I showed up naked and everybody ran out of that.
Yeah, because she showed up naked.
No, he told Louie in the same thing.
Oh yeah, well.
Oh, here comes our special guest, Ferrell, right?
Hell, what do you know? What do you say?
You know, this is gotta be one of the premier radio shows on the air today.
What do you want?
Oh, the farts and the bites.
You guys are a panic, eh?
What farts and bites?
He's talking about real show, Mo.
Let me tell you something, man.
I watch out for that spooge, offer.
That guy there is gayer than Lister.
Whoa! Get loaded and loaded!
What is the port's all out in here?
This is a sports station.
Ah, putting the tap of your shirt.
And a ride to the end of that bed.
And you set the sound.
What about your hands?
No, on your two pay.
I suppose you want to rape me now.
You got it.
Everybody else wants me for their receptacle?
Why not you?
There you go.
No chance you'll best it.
I'll see enough of these cases I'm bokeh every day.
I want you down.
My job? That's a different kind of rate.
Hell, have you?
No, I'm the king of the station.
And you have the gold.
Who is the gold?
All he has got out of here.
Hello, mo.
Frank, what's the meaning of this?
Please large fellas are here to escort you outside.
You gave me the keys for the kingdom of the king.
Why, of course, mo.
You can always count on me.
Yes.
Miss Carlos and Tim.
Come on, sister.
Let's go.
Get the fuck off me.
Drop that in tight blue.
Oh, and just one other thing before you go.
What's the noise?
Say some away, fellas.
117 to 560 W to QAM.
Don't forget our hot couples contest to response to this third one has been pretty weak so far.
All of we're just getting started, really.
You have to till Monday, June 16 to get in your pictures on your Rogers.com.
The email is a picture of you and your significant whatever.
And then the pictures will be up on air for a week.
And on Monday, June 23, we'll pick up the well whoever gets the most votes.
We won't pick them, but whoever gets the most votes will win.
Either a three day two nights day for two at the Royal Oasis resort in Cassini with a Bahamas
with a round trip airfare on Lake career or what's the other one?
Sorry, it's choking on a fun ball.
Heed anism in Jamaica's, but I don't have how long and what for.
It's on something.
Oh, it's somewhere.
It's on the website.
It's on a website.
Yeah, look on our website.
We also have more pictures of Aaron and Amy.
Their victory pictures are up there.
All right, excellent.
Make it pretty close.
Dinner for two at the Pizza Love is third prize.
Okay, so get with it.
NewRodges.com.
Start email them in those damn pictures.
Very slow start.
Here's a facts and again, people like this to reach its own.
I'm not trying to be judgmental, but I will anyway.
I don't understand these people.
The best house dog is a pot-billy pig.
And then there are, you know, there are those people hot-billy pig.
Yeah, exactly.
That's their idea of a pet.
I don't...
To reach its own.
People with snakes, his pets, whatever, whatever you want to cozy up to.
Whatever you feel best reflects your own personality.
Don't you think that's it?
Yep.
Here's one that says, look up Jack Russell on the Internet.
The first description is big dog and little body.
Rarely barks as smart as we live.
If raised in a house like a person will learn to think very human-like.
It's like an ongoing game of fun chess.
They're also the sweetest.
Thank you, Johnny.
Here's a puppy eight weeks old and here's when it's five years old.
And here's when it's six years old and a part is in per tree.
I got Jack Russell Terriers up the ass here today.
I'll tell you that.
So guess what, guys?
I don't think I need any more pictures anymore.
E-mails are pictures of Jack Russell Terriers.
You sure they are around?
Huh?
I got a whole bunch more here.
No, no.
Sure.
I spent the last break there, all 20 seconds that I have in my spare time and it breaks.
Deleting emails, okay?
No more.
Enough of the emails.
Some of you some emails have naked pictures from our contestants, please.
Including Erin.
Anyway, PR Ralph says the Jack Russell Terrier is great.
The deal is the JRT has the long legs.
The right Terrier is short and stocky.
Let's see, I don't get that.
Because the other woman says that the right Terriers are not the same.
And she also, I'm just confused.
That's a welcome.
Huh?
I was confused.
Now you are.
Yeah, I don't get it.
So I guess I'll solve that problem by not getting either one of those.
And I'm certainly, am I not getting a dog at all?
I would say about 90% chance I'm not getting no other dog.
98%.
Get a parrot.
Get a parakeet.
Maybe a cockatoo.
What's the best breed of dog for a pet?
Muts 75, Labrador Retriever 53, Golden Retriever 50.
I hate dogs 23.
Well, guess what?
We hate you, okay?
That's got to be the crankboat of the day, doesn't it?
Mm-hmm.
Just to get me aggravated.
Well, it worked.
Then from Miami Beach says, dear Neil, I've had a bunch of dogs.
The two best I've had have been a yellow lab.
And now I have a miniature doxan.
Since I now live in an apartment building, I went for a small dog.
A little sausage.
There are hounds and mine is a little hounder.
She's by far the most intelligent and retaining dog I've ever had.
Not to mention extremely cute and cuddly.
The long hair variety I have is an amazement problem.
She doesn't shed the way he knows.
I don't know if they had long hair doxans.
Maybe.
She tends to bark at people in other dogs in time, but not as much as some of the other dogs in a building.
I like the way she wags her tail when spoken to and her insatiable appetite.
And this goes on.
Actually, my wife saw a dixie first in a pet store.
We went in there just to browse, but ended up taking her home.
Oh, isn't that cute?
That acute story?
Mm-hmm.
It was love at first sight.
Oh, there were no more small breeds to choose from, but she was the one sitting calmly in the cage while the others were freaking out.
Come on, get a menpin, okay, Dan?
Get you a cute little menpin.
Every morning I take her out on the beach, she digs up the cramp holes and chases the stray cats.
I love a dog that goes after cats and just catches them and just rips them to pieces.
Yeah.
Oh, I mean, that's not funny.
That was bad.
But it's true.
She even likes to go swimming in the ocean.
I have to be careful.
She doesn't devour the chicken bones left by beach cores.
They could be buried in the sand, but she'll zero in and find them.
She's not just a baller for her and is a real dog.
Thank you, Dan, for my me beach scissors.
She's a real dog.
Thank you very much.
What kind of shoe?
I'll finish her dog soon.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on eight.
See, I couldn't have one here anyway.
They don't have dogs in my building.
Plus what the other one want to have a dog here for?
How would I slip it back in the forest?
Oh, often.
Not practical.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Dale?
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
Oh, I have a Yorkie pool.
He's a mix, Yorkie, and Poodle.
And he's got the cutest face you've ever seen in your life.
He's travelable.
You can put him right under the seat between your feet on the plane.
Uh-huh.
And he's got the greatest personality.
He's very trainable.
In fact, my dog is crate train.
He just, I just say go into your cage because I've been his little cage.
And I think that's a great dog for you.
It's a mix.
Perfect.
Hmm.
Is that so?
Okay.
Look at her, a little binging.
Huh? Like a little binging.
No, that's not my kind of dog.
Her body is cute.
Yeah, I'm sure he is.
But not my kind of dog.
Okay, thanks.
Bye.
Bye.
She has like another little fur ball.
Sit over there and break them.
Well, when I first got tiny, he was like about, I don't know, maybe two, three pounds.
Step down a numerous times.
Oh, even sometimes by accident.
And then of course when he got to be ten pounds, I still kept stepping on them.
Didn't work.
Now see, min pins, they're a lot of fun.
And they're like, but they're very, very hyper man.
They're very like most little dogs.
You know, these people would say, oh, I got a little dog and they're not hyper.
Little dogs are all hyper and they bark a lot and they run around and they're like, you know, which is fine.
But when you get to be a dottering old man like me, I mean, you want a little more peace and quiet, you know.
Well, this is one when it's like real almost in a coma.
In fact, I think what I'm going to do, I got a picture.
I'm going to get the picture blown up.
I just still got a picture of tiny around somewhere.
I'll just get the picture blown up, you know.
See, I suggested you have an taxidermy.
Yeah, that would have been a good idea.
Hey, tiny, how you doing?
I heard, I heard.
Let's hyper.
So much less hyper.
It certainly wouldn't be a, do anything more.
I don't think.
That's what I'm afraid of.
I think he still might have done that.
No, I'm sure he just did it without even thinking about it just everywhere, especially toward the end.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Nobody online.
Well, I'll be damned.
Maybe if I went to line eight, Miami.
Hello.
Hey, what's up, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Uh, the Jack Russell.
Yeah.
Hyper.
Very high.
That's what I thought.
Very smart, though.
I mean, they can open doors.
They're, they're super smart.
But the hyper, I'm, people would say they're not hyper.
They don't have one.
They're full of crap, yeah.
Uh, cute, but way too hyper.
The English Bulldog, it's not the kind of cute looking because it's kind of funny looking.
But it's a, it's a relaxed dog.
They don't do anything.
They sit around.
But they, they're also like 40 pounds, you know, not small.
And they do swabber a little bit.
Oh, I know.
You know, I know.
I know.
The best thing to do is when you come down, go to the, just go to the pound and find a dog
with the face you like.
Right.
And they had some sort of relaxed demeanor and you cross your fingers.
Exactly.
Right.
You're like anything you buy, you know, you, you could be good.
Or it could suck.
You take a peek at it and you hope for the best.
Yeah, because I'm telling you, my sister-in-law has one of those jackwessels.
And I mean, they love the dog and it's brilliant.
And they, but they, you know, they have to revolve their life around the dog.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, but that's true with most dogs, don't they?
Right.
Yeah, I, you know, I don't know.
I have a, a mixed, uh, retriever.
And, you know, some other type of dog.
I don't know what it is.
And you just mentioned the word walk and she runs to the front door.
Mm-hmm.
I mean, she's, you know, this Martin, but you know, it's long hair and, you know, you've got to deal with that.
Yeah, pin in the ass.
Exactly.
Okay, thanks a lot, Pally.
Thanks.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Major responsibility, man.
You go to the rescue shelter, you go to the, wherever, the pound.
A vented pet rescue.
You look at me and you say, that's the one I'm taking home, right?
Right.
In fact, the, the deal is to get a dog that's like two or three years old.
It's already house broken, already handed shots.
Yep.
Right?
You do that.
Sure.
But they died two or three years earlier.
Why is that?
Well, you only have a bird, two or three less years.
Oh, I see what you're saying.
All right.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
I don't think I'm getting out of the dog.
Sure killed a good show, though.
I mean, it is a thought.
It's something I've, you know, vatted around in my brain a little bit.
I can have those.
You take a sheet of paper and on the one side, you write down the positives, which I'm still trying to think of some.
And on the other side, you write down the negatives.
And out on my second sheet of paper on the right hand side of the column.
28 past 1 at 560, we got the mad dog, two to four, Hank is doing a show at Shulas 4 to 7 to 7.
And a full play today is that the most master would say we got the big 7 to 10,
8 to 10 to 2 and you want Mark overnight.
By the way, Eddie came us to be a feeling of sigh relief.
You heard that story, didn't you, about how he made a fairly sizable bet on the mighty ducks winning the Super Bowl.
I guess in Vegas had to get the Super Bowl.
Yeah, that's it.
Yeah, they'd be a long shot winning a Stanley Cup.
And they won again.
They actually scored three goals and over time they won a game, which is pretty shocking.
I don't think that'll happen again.
But Eddie Kay, he's touting that he can retire if Anna Himeshul won a Stanley Cup.
Wouldn't that be great?
For him?
A lot of pressure though.
A lot of pressure on Eddie Kay.
Just stay calm Eddie.
Start popping some of them.
Reigns will be good.
Reigns in the morning.
Orns in the afternoon.
A couple of blues before your show tonight.
And then purple before he hit the sack.
I'm sure hope everything comes out okay for Muff tomorrow morning.
Back to him.
29 after one at 560 WDQM.
If you're bald, then fast train can't help you out.
Nothing they can do for you.
If you have sexual performance problems, go to the scenic guy with a Viagra Pills because they can do nothing for you.
Okay.
But if you're in a dead end job, then fast train of the people you want to be talking to today.
Because fast train can have you fully trained and ready for a new high-paying computer career in just four short months.
Count them okay.
Call fast train 1-866 fast train.
It's got locations all over town.
So like I always tell you, there's about to be one convenient by you.
They're in Miami, Kindle for Lottard Island Pember Pines.
Call fast train today while you're thinking about it.
And get yourself a real career and a big fat paycheck unlike certain people we know.
1-866 fast train.
They offer you a job placement assistance.
Financial aid can be a day-dining weekend classes.
So you have no more excuses anymore to stay in any dead end job or can put a real putts.
Get yourself some real cash by getting a real career.
It's just a phone call in four months away.
So jump on that fast train today and call that tool free number 1-866 fast train.
And be sure to tell them the crotchety old needle told you to call 866 fast train or check them out on the web if you like it fast train.
Find and local.
We're support 20560-CUA-M.
Right wing Nazi Republican mother.
Fingers.
Sanctimony is boni to winter in their own mothers.
I'll bet you're gonna save that when it comes at your back if they make you board that train.
Right wing Nazi Republican mother.
Fingers.
Well, it just ain't enough.
Just have luck.
Peel in the airways with hatred.
The radio was permeated with the likes of Dr. Laura Bill, Andrea and Michael Reagan.
They call the clear channel cost are clearly out to make the message clear.
The right wing Nazi Republican mother.
Fingers.
They're all right wing Nazi Republican mother.
Fingers.
For all the table talking idiots who couldn't get any dumber.
That or not, or two whatever they are told to believe and worship George's their king.
Right wing Nazi Republican mother.
Fingers.
Well, the Democrats who craft their pants like a child that is scary movie.
I've carry my color who should go home and shut up because he don't have a clue what he's doing.
The Democrats have a death wish when it comes to deciding who they will run.
And you can color them done.
If they run jolly, they're mud.
Right wing Nazi Republican mother.
Fingers.
They're all right wing Nazi Republican mother.
Fingers.
Who get a dignity that isn't that much getting a juicy hunger.
Just remember what I said when it comes in your back as they make you board that train.
Right wing Nazi Republican mother.
Fingers.
They're all right wing Nazi Republican mother.
Fingers.
For all the table talking idiots who couldn't get any dumber.
12426 till 2560 W.
Who am I having one bitch of a time opening up these damn emails you're sending me and I'm not going to waste my time with it.
It's just you know, I'm trying to do everything in a hurry because of these great breaks that we're doing.
Can't rush it can't do it.
Don't have time, Pally.
5670560 pound 560 on a AT&T Verizon world's line 379 votes on our doggy pool.
What's the best breed of dog for a pet mutt 80 labored or retriever 57 golden retriever 55 German shepherd 21 I hate dogs 28
and we find you ununconscious and unacceptable.
And my list of movies I'm going to go out and buy today.
Repulsion.
Resurrection.
Way at the gun.
Shallow grave training day.
Legends of the fall. House of games $20 bill.
Magnolia.
Drugstore cowboy and trapped.
One two three four five six seven eight nine ten.
That's a dozen.
That's a dozen damn movies we're talking about there.
Do you understand?
Lot of cash.
Lots and lots of cash.
Let's hope.
Clarence comes through better with my paycheck on the 10th and he is with beater boy.
Didn't he come in and say it was just a joke?
Not yet.
I'm hoping.
Did he come in and say we're just playing with your mind?
We wouldn't want to screw over anybody.
Especially on the old show.
We don't want to screw over one of the producers.
Didn't he say that?
A little Clarence who's too busy with the setup.
Joseph Gackie's ass.
I mean that whole thing with a U of M and at whole hurricane thing.
The aroma.
I can smell it all the way up here.
It's so uh, anxious.
I'm not.
You went to the press town afterwards and that's where it's like air conditioning and people
have like iced tea and everybody's happy.
And then they the three of you walked in there.
Four of you and there was just a just drench.
There you go.
I risk my case.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, I am.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
I just wanted to tell you I have a mint pen and he's pretty high.
Oh, great dog.
Great dog.
But Jack Russell, they're really hyper.
Yeah.
But if you want to get a sweet little old lady, get a doxin.
You're talking about just the dog that lays around and does hardly anything.
You just got to eat, drink, drink, and stuff like that.
We have that.
Get a doxin.
I have two of those too.
And I was already here about tiny.
I relate with him.
Yeah.
So anyway, but good luck wherever you get.
I'm sure he'll have a good home.
Okay, thanks.
Bye.
He'll sure have a lot of spots to go to the different around, you know?
Right?
Hmm.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live.
I'm going to take my computer and throw it off my balcony, I think.
All right.
No, no, I'm just frustrated because there are some things even as relatively computer-literate
as I've become, most of which teaching myself, there are some things I'm not real good at,
yet like the email thing, we're opening these files and doing these things real fast.
Like Miguel, I'll give you an example.
Miguel emails here, the start date for our Best of Neal campaign and the keychanda.
And then he says at the end of his message, write me back if you like the sample CD cover.
And my message to that is, like I saw it.
I mean, he emailed it to me and I couldn't open it, I couldn't deal with it, I couldn't, nothing.
I did everything but take a goddamn ball-peeing hammer to this thing, nothing.
Right? I just mentioned that in passing, okay?
Okay.
I mean, shouldn't it, isn't there an easier way to send stuff?
Like most of what you send me, I click on it and there it is.
Right. You've got to send it.
It's a one-step process.
And, and I don't know, it ought to be.
I'll see what he said to you, it should be.
Yeah, see what Ali sent me, okay?
What's going on with you, Miguel?
Okay. You pussy.
He probably like put a filter in there because he's afraid he's going to get SARS if I like, you know, have a direct line.
Here's Dearfield Beach. Hello.
Neal, I'd like to put in my vote for Schnauzer.
Schnauzer, we haven't had anybody mention that today.
Schnauzers are among the favorite terriers.
They have all the qualities of the terrier breed.
They have a short, wide-recoat, which is great for hot, soft, Florida weather.
They don't shed.
They are feisty dogs, but they're not crazy dogs like some of the terriers.
And all three sizes of Schnauzers, the miniature, the standard, and the giant, are known for their intelligence, their loyalty, and their easy trainability.
In fact, you mentioned this earlier today, the giant Schnauzer is actually the favorite police dog in Eastern Europe and Western Europe, especially in Germany, with the German Shepherd.
Okay.
I think you'd like one.
Okay, my friend. Thanks.
He says I'd like a big Schnauzer.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Play till 2 at QAM.
My, my, and lobe.
This is 43560.
Way to way.
Hey.
I love my, four-reo's forever.
I love my, four-reo's forever.
Yeah, they're saying, saying, not good to me.
And they say that an Oreo ain't safe, but I ain't going to throw my way.
Oh, hold on to the angel that cookie, and lick all that white stuff away.
Oh, I like that little strome at the end, don't you?
143.560WQM, the mad dog go belong at 2.
All right.
Hank from a shoe was at 4.
I still can't see this damn thing.
I'm not going to use it.
Topless, non-topless.
I still can't see a goddamn thing on here.
Well, it's a picture of a couple, one picture with top, one without top.
They want to know.
They're going to give it a soft.
That's what I figured.
We're going to put the topless one on.
But you know what?
I'll wait until we get it on there.
Okay.
And then I'll decide.
56670550.
Here's a interesting story.
Pleasant the elder, Brasco, a man accused of trying to steal and,
and Hygros ammonia has been arrested for hitting a police dog.
Suward County Sheriff Joe Yochum said deputies were sticking out the pleasant Dale co-op tank yesterday morning.
After the manager reported that and Hygros tanks used for field work have been tanked with a week before.
A 39-year-old Lincoln man was seen climbing one of the tanks opening of valve to place the chemical in a portable tank he brought to the scene.
Deputy Brody Duncan identified himself called for the man to climb down to get him the ground.
Yochum said the man then fled into the dense brush and trees west into Brasco highway 103.
Deputy Scott Walden, his police dog, Hexa, found the man hiding in the foliage.
The man refused to comply with Walden's directions, hit the dog several times with his fists.
The man gave up after Hexa bit him on his left text, attestical.
Ooooo!
The man was taken to Suward County Detention Center after he was treated for cuts and genital swelling at Suward Memorial Hospital.
It was arrested on suspicion of felony position of anthygrist theft resisting arrest, false reporting, cruelty to animals and obstructing a police officer.
Ooooo!
Most anthygrist deaths are related to methamphetamine manufacturing.
No.
Chuck says we've had a recent greyhound we adopted when he was four and a half.
Great, great dogs. They love people.
Are not hyper at all.
We now have an Italian greyhound.
That's a nice.
He's very cute and affectionate. He's a little skittish. He doesn't bark in the house only in the urban other dogs get him started.
There's even a website, Italian greyhound.org.
Do you ever hear of an Italian greyhound? No.
It says the best dogs we own are MUTs. We now have a border collie sliced Britney Spangler mixed.
Very smart and beautiful dog. Keep in mind if you adopt an older dog, you don't have to house break them like puppies and they catch on much faster.
Britney Spie is makes?
Yes, Britney Spie is J. Lomick's got a big ass.
Correct them.
Lister George says every man to himself but see here comes the real story.
My ex-wife had a jack Russell terrier. It was a terror.
And what is it with a... this is like a... it's almost like a cult with the jack Russell dogs.
You know what?
Partly I had no idea.
Oh yeah. I've always known that. It's like they're obsessive about it.
It says the dog can jump five feet high from a standstill.
Well, dig into everything and get its mouth or claws on.
Has the metabolism of a bunny weavit which is great if you're a triathlete or outdoorsman or hunter.
All my ex-wife's friends own the same breed. It's a bokeh thing and complain with the same things.
He says our love dogs but honest to God the hellhound ruined shoes, carpeting furniture,
dug up holes in the yard like bunker buster, built for speed, not for chilling at home.
And his new wife just likes goldfish.
What are you going to do?
At least you don't have to worry about them on the carpet.
Our friend Moses says, yes the boxers are great and his just had pups if you want one.
No.
Thanks Moses the answer is...
No.
Too big.
Watch too big.
If I do get another dog I'm not going to be a big dog.
I'm totally getting a little dog. It's like a security blanket.
You know, like line is would carry around on a shoulder.
Here's a whole big song that ends about the standard poodle.
I don't like poodles.
Okay, excuse me. I'm sorry.
With all the respect to the facts here and the linen everybody else.
Poodles are great for those who like them.
You know?
It's like vanilla ice cream.
If you like vanilla ice cream, great.
Just...just slobber it all over yourself.
Take a... fill a bathtub within all of bean speck and just dive right in.
I think they're ugly.
Poodles?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh huh.
I don't want to say that though because I want to hurt anybody's feelings.
I think they're extremely ugly dogs.
Just like I think that those little...
Not long ago I had to call it as two two owls.
You know what I say?
Like, Lat dogs, he's got two little chihuahas.
I'm not saying they're ugly.
They're cute. Chihuahas are cute.
But they're like...they're hyper.
They shake.
Have you ever seen somebody with a chihuahua?
Yeah.
They never stop shaking because they weigh about three pounds.
And here they are.
You know, it would be like being a pet to an elephant, you know?
You get a little bit nervous.
And there's one thing I cannot stand.
It's nervous, unfriendly dogs.
You go to somebody's house and they got a dog.
Oh!
Oh!
I can't stand that.
And he just...
He just reached out to like, pet him.
And just, you know, look at him and they run.
They run.
Like, you're going to kill him.
Don't like anti-social dogs.
Don says...
Oh, then this is a good dog.
I can't believe nobody said, why am I a reener?
Right?
We're going to put that on there?
Right now.
It's a great short hair, levable silly German dog.
Sometimes called the ghost dog.
Silver gray with yellow eyes.
I've had one for six years and it's great, but now real smart.
Good.
We don't want dogs that are smarter than we are.
See all these people talking about, oh!
The dog is so smart.
How about when it's not quite so smart?
You know, one life for Greg Reen would be good.
Well, it's not too bright.
Something you could relate to.
Ivan says, my husband and I have four-year-old Yorkshire Terri is a beautiful dog with a great temper.
I take him to work in fact.
We take him everywhere.
He is never alone.
We love him.
You could consider the Yorkie breed.
Says Ivan.
Aren't Yorkies like real Harry?
I don't know.
No, they're not.
They're not?
No.
And they don't shed hardly at all.
I'm confused.
I must be confusing with some other kind of a terrier.
Maybe I'm thinking of a wire-haired terrier.
Is that possible?
I don't know much about those either.
Susie in Weston says, go for a greyhound, and they're not too big.
They make great pets.
They come house-trained and they're big old couch potatoes.
Very low maintenance and they need good homes.
That's true, Susie.
I'm with you.
We had one that lived at 15 and a half and the other one at 13 and a half.
Also cats are really great.
No, no, no, no.
Susie, I don't want to say you're barking up the wrong tree, sweetheart.
Archie says, cats are really great.
My husband didn't want our first one.
I doubt that him now we're up to five cats.
He's crazier than I am with him.
There was hardly as any dog, but don't need to be walked and be left alone if you go away.
You were doing great with the greyhound, Susie.
But the cats?
No.
If I could tell you what I think of cats, okay?
The words that I would use would get us into deep crap.
Don't like cats.
Don't like people's houses where there are cats.
Don't like the whole concept with the litter box.
I talked about that until I'm blue in the push.
I think four ways.
Oh my God.
I mean, how about your kids?
I mean, you know, it's expensive to keep that water bill going, flush in the toilet.
How about just having a box in the living room?
Or in the kitchen maybe, you know, like where everybody cooks their food?
Yeah.
Have your kids tell you get a box?
There's only one.
Just let them drop a number in the box, okay?
And cover it over with sand.
Huh?
Yeah.
Why not?
If it's good enough for kitty cat, why isn't it good enough for a kid?
Well, the kid's poop wouldn't smell as bad.
Oh, man.
And then when they pee in that litter box,
Woo!
Forget about the poop part.
But you walk into a house with somebody's cat, and they deny it.
Oh, my house smells like lilacs, yeah, right.
Yeah, like lilacs that some cat pee on.
Who the hell are you people kidding, man?
Oh, and of course it's like anything else.
If you live in it, say with what I had the dogs, it's the same thing.
There's a constant aroma in the house, no matter how hard you try to avoid it.
So when you live in it, you don't notice it.
But when somebody comes in, a visitor, whatever, comes in the house.
Whoa!
You could just swoon from it, you know?
Like, where's the lilacs spray?
Whatever hell like crap is.
They've gotten used to it, so they have no idea how much I like it.
Right, that's what I'm saying.
They've gotten used to the smell of pee and crap, and, oh!
I'll combine with that stuff in the litter box.
Oh, no, it smells just like roses, like dandy lines.
It smells like pee and crap to me.
What?
152 at 560 WQAM.
Yeah, how about if I get a kitty cat, okay?
Mmm.
Yeah, hey, nah, I'm just thinking of those things I would like to do to it.
Like maybe skin it.
Fry it, take it.
No!
Are you starting again with that Chinese stuff?
We already got SARS from people eating kitty cat.
Let's not extend it anymore, okay?
Moths, as he heard, they do some amazing things in the kitchen with gerbils though.
In the kitchen?
In the kitchen, in the living room, and in the bedroom.
How low can they go, folks?
Now the financial group does the limbo under the lowest refinance rate.
How low?
1.95%.
Sounds to be true, but that's the number.
Now you can refinance your home or buy a new home and get a super low 1.95% financing
with our friends at Financial Group.
Call 1-800-940-Lend.
That's 1-800-940-Lend, and, of course, because this is a piece of agency copy
that Todd Dreck won't retive, it says Music.
I want to forgot to bond growth.
Even if you're thinking about refinancing or buying real estate,
call Financial Group 1-800-940-Lend, and you talk about savings, check this out.
If you have yourself a $100,000 loan, your payments are only $368 bucks a month.
If you have a $200,000 loan, you pay only $736 a month.
So call Financial Group Tool-free and find out what it's all about.
Call 1-800-940-Lend, and get the low, low rate you'll be looking for 1.95%.
Interest rates are at all time low, so don't wait to call now and get that rate.
1.95% from Financial Group 1-800-940-Lend.
That's Financial Group 1-800-940-L-E-N-D, the Renekville Housing Lender.
Credit restrictions apply, rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
The price is $1.99.
I want to talk about my daughter's store.
I don't want to talk about my daughter's store.
I don't want to talk about my daughter's store.
I don't want to talk about my daughter's store.
I don't want to talk about my daughter's store.
I don't want to talk about my daughter's store.
I don't want to talk about my daughter's store.
I don't want to talk about my daughter's store.
I don't want to talk about my daughter's store.
I don't want to talk about my daughter's store.
I don't want to talk about my daughter's store.
I feel really, really fucking...
