Anyways, he on there. Can I talk to him?
Oh yeah, I'm just practicing. He's just cleaning his torso.
Oh, just cleaning out my pipes.
I was gonna do this. Is this true? You just don't leave this hanging out.
You're telling everybody that guilty is the build out?
It's obvious. I mean the guy just did a pull the no show.
I mean, he just did it. I mean, who just doesn't show?
A guy that can't handle his partner anymore.
Probably, and he's probably off having an interview.
He's probably in Los Angeles as we speak.
You do understand that since the Howard started like,
which is a year ago March, since he started a guilty was the only one that held on and held on.
You know, for some preservation, say, I guess.
And he finally just ran out of patience.
His wife stopped. No, Mo. His wife stopped smiling.
She used to smile. I started to go alternative and she looked like she had barbed wire on her lips.
She had a sour look on her face. She just wish. I think she met me.
And her forehead had a red light going off like a hooker house.
So how does this, so how does this a boat for next week?
Now, what's the schedule going to be? You're going to come in early now and hold Mo's hand because the old man.
I mean, you've got to get up three in the morning. He can't. He can't cut the whole three hours alone.
I think he hates everybody. All I know is that I went free here.
It is Jewish golf club. That's all I go out there. I just want to play free golf.
Yeah. That's all I do.
Well, guarantee you the minute you walk in the door, boy. His face is going to let up like a goddamn pinball machine.
Can you see tomorrow I'm going to a four dealership. I'm going to look like a big chocolate dildo sitting in a dealer car dealer for two hours.
What am I going to do there? I'm going to try to kidnap children or something.
You know how he's changing the subject, but that's okay.
No, listen, I don't want to. It's good. But he is just going to build up a little suspense for Monday and the audience can tune in and find out who shows up.
Why don't you come home or something? Why are you in like that 70 cent whorehouse up there?
Get your ass back down here. Why not?
You keep saying that because it's it. I mean, I love it. I'm jealous. You've got the life of Riley.
Well, your psychic powers are kicking in because I'll be seeing you on Monday.
So my pirate, as he coming down here.
Yeah. Oh, that is sweet. So my pirates just to see you.
My pirates were up there this week.
We didn't got their asses kicked.
Who doesn't kick the pirates ass?
And the best news of it is that seven that you don't even know this yet.
Seventh inning stretch that came on the is of the 22nd.
Yeah, that you're giving the tickets away. They hate the Metsonite.
Seventh inning stretch. That's the night that right at home plate.
The beast is going to get done all fours and the clearest is going to mount the beast right in the middle of the morning.
You got some nasty pictures of all four of Moe in that website of yours. That is some horny stuff.
I'm throwing out the first pitch on the 22nd, which is Sunday, I think.
But I'm doing the Wednesday night. I hate the Metsonite.
And then my next event is going to be the, but I'm throwing out the first pitch Sunday.
And then the following week, the Braves are in. I'm having John Smoltz's Jesus night.
So yeah, you know, I'm really one that's ever going to be, I know what you think of tomorrow.
And I listen to you and you think it's like an abortion.
But I'm going to revolutionize it. You're the new kid. Oh, yeah.
I guarantee it. You're going to see next Wednesday night.
You were doing so good right up until now. I will have two sections in a film dream world.
Listen to me. I will have two sections filled with big, huge rack.
Well, great. I got every horn stop. He even pickets away. Man, no problem. You'll fill a whole ballpark. Are you giving away?
I always told my mom and dad I'd have friends if I had three things to give away.
Everyone's my especially in this town. Trust me. I'm bringing the hammer.
We're going to go to to season. Hit on some skanky flesh from 530 to 7.
And then we're going over to that wretched ballpark and we're just going to cry.
We're going to abuse the match so bad that I believe one of them will jump into the stands and kill the scurvering about another week.
Skanky flesh is what this audience wants to hear about. Not about the Marlins.
But you'll find out for yourself. I have both ends of it covered. I got the Marlins and the skanky flesh.
That's what Clarence said. He's got both ends of it covered.
You know, do you think Beast will ever get laid?
No. That's why I'm trying to do this.
The Beast and Clarence either want them to get laid and amped to them.
And that's why we're hooking them up together.
You know, you know, your studio in here is like a pharmacy.
I walked through there. I mean, I went in there. I didn't even have to stand in line.
There's stuff coming.
No, it's not like a pharmacy. It's like a restaurant now because you guys, I mean, don't be a pussy.
Okay. If they put a memo out like that, tell them like this.
Yeah. Don't believe that. Crap. Just eat what you want.
Just eat what you want. Don't be in the question.
Just stare back in his bags right now. Get ready to go to Omaha to hang out with a bunch of red necks and cow tippers.
You you ever been in Omaha? That chicks would no teeth.
Have you ever been in Omaha? I I got to be dead.
No, Omaha's actually a pretty great place. The people there are beautiful because it's like corn fed Midwestern.
I did the college world series five years in Robert Hurricanes, which you probably don't even know that.
College of it. Now I explain to me how does a college baseball coach?
I don't care if he's got a 40 foot long. I just see make a million dollars.
Jim Morris is making a million dollar.
That's why everyone's telling me this gets a million. He makes a million of your coach in the college. He was aluminum bats.
I'll be damned. I mean, that's what makes the things.
Don't you like to plank? It's kind of like planko on a price.
Let's see. Right. It makes that plank up next to you.
What do you make about five million a year? So I mean, I just don't understand how a baseball coach of any kind.
You think Jack McKee is actually one of Madame Chordos waxed all.
He's on social security. Forget about this. He's got some power seats hanging on his.
That's where Marlon's brought him. He works cheap. He's collecting social security.
Well, listen, it's four minutes after ten or three weeks.
Hey, can you ask your last week? Can you sleep with your eyes open?
Yes, thank you. Have a good weekend.
See you Monday.
Friday, you bestie.
Do do do do do.
Five, six, eight, W, U, A, M, R, S, W, Q, A, M, full caps.
Starting Harvey, high, S, E, S, R, T, Bill, tenor.
Robert Green has her old Gregory.
Held his letter and Jeff divorce.
And Andy Dick has driving the blinsey.
What's your problem, Lindsay? I can't get my hemlines straight.
What? Get out there on the grind.
Okay. What? I mean, yes sir. Step nimbley on those heel-sister.
Step nimbley on those heel-sister.
Step nimbley on those heel-sister.
Step nimbley on those heel-sister.
Hey buddy, I got a hot tip on the boys.
The whole deep hole.
I heard that private defile.
Oh, I guess I...
The point to Colonel Reeves' office on the double.
Why, yes, certainly.
For a port and a zorted vinyl reef.
Well, that is private.
Thanks sir.
And now look it.
There's a mole in the company.
A mole sir?
Yes. And I'd like to know who that might be.
Well, I...
I think it's you sir.
Oh no.
Oh no.
They'll never know it's me.
I'll run away.
Everybody!
I don't think they're visible.
You can't hide it.
You can't hide it.
I don't know what I've been told.
I don't know what I've been told.
Big leg is moving in just no soul.
Big leg is moving in just no soul.
Whole catgo, catgo, catgo.
Linux Super Engine
No, not that way!
No! On top of Carol!
Ah!
Yeah!
Oh, no!
Ah!
Oh, no!
Anybody want me to open the barracks and even do twins?
That's your paid off big time, didn't it?
That's QA and Bootcamp!
No!
I almost forgot about that whole episode, you know?
Oh, how could you?
I've been trying to push it back out of my mind,
kind of like the way we're pushing Mo back into the middle of the night.
So we got a major development at QA and...
So, and I, and again, I'm only quoting Farell because we don't know he might just be a troublemaker, although I don't think so.
But the guilty evidently not only was absent this morning, but AWOL, he just called inside, I'm not coming.
I'm not gonna be there.
Not like I'm sick, not like my wife is sick, or the baby is puking a green smegma,
but I'm just not gonna be there.
And according to what I'm hearing from Bienerboy,
although I don't want to mention getting into personalities,
but Bienerboy has been telling me that guilty and Mo have been like any to their throat,
literally on the early, look, last week has gotten really intense.
The tension is palatable.
Palatable.
Really?
In other words, it's thick.
It's really thick.
Seriously, I don't know what...
I mean, you know, Farell's a hoot, but once he's given an opening, you know?
Man, he's a wild man, he just can't shut him up.
Which I don't really care because it kills him good time,
but we gotta get our breaks in, you know what I'm saying?
Maybe we just ought to hold him over.
Not over what?
Flane, a barrel?
That's gonna be great watching Clarence.
I want to be in town to see that when Clarence mounts the beast, right at home plate.
I don't get a crown out there.
I guarantee you that.
Poor, well, Farell will learn a hard way, you know?
Given the thick tickets away, oh yeah, I'll take six.
I'll take five.
And then he'll find out that most of those people aren't gonna show up anyway,
even for free.
They won't show up.
You remember years ago, maybe it was even before your time.
I think with the Panther Dallas game, I remember specifically,
it was against the Dallas stars.
And it was like, I think the second year we had a hockey team in town.
Before my time.
And it was part of the fundraising thing, and like a schmuck,
I'd already given my donation.
But I came, you know, I forked over another one or two grand,
and I bought the tickets.
I bought a whole bunch of Panther Dallas, you remember that?
Of course.
And gave them away with some difficulty, and we gave them away.
And then lo and end, they were all like in one session.
Go to the game, and none of the people that we get the tickets
who are there, in fact, most of the people who were sitting in the section,
which was fairly empty, but the ones who were there,
they didn't even know who the hell I was or what the show was all about,
or I never heard of it.
Because come to fight out that what the people did when they got the tickets,
a whole bunch of them sold them.
Right.
You know, like they were $30 tickets or whatever at that time.
So they sold them for like five bucks a piece.
Well, what would you do?
Sell them.
Burn them.
I mean, that's just what it is.
It's a free load in town.
But you know, you continue.
Another month or so, and then they'll wear off,
and he'll realize that it's a lost cause.
I'm glad he's enthused about the Marlins and all that other bull crap,
but it's nobody cares.
Nobody cares if it's a bottle head dollar, something else for free,
they'll be packing it, but other than that, forget about it.
So Gelly may have been pushed over the edge by Moe,
which would be, he would be the last holdout.
Because we were talking about this before the show.
Everybody else that Moe is encountered that he's worked with.
His first was Kirlin, and then it was the Beast,
although I understand that.
And then it was, uh, who else?
I mean, everybody that's been involved with him has just run,
shrieking and screaming from that studio.
They can't deal with him.
He is impossible.
And Gelly's been the holdout cause he needs the job.
He's got the wife and a kid.
He needs that paycheck.
You know what that talks about?
A paycheck.
But sometimes you push people a little bit too far,
and even with that squeaky voice, I mean, Gelly's been around for a while now.
He can probably, you know, he's probably got some context.
And wasn't it here just a few weeks ago that the rumor was he was out at ESPN
looking for a job last time he didn't show up?
Wasn't that the rumor?
Yes.
That was a rumor.
So now, Ferrell, and of course, uh, now look at it the other way,
maybe Ferrell is hoping it might be wishful thinking because this might be the opening that he's looking for, you know.
Because he might just kind of move in there between six and eight, like join Mo,
and then of course Mo just kind of like fade off into the woodwork after about a week of that.
Huh?
Well, no, he'll just beat up on the old man enough so he just won't be able to handle it anymore.
And that'll be the end of that.
Well, I'm guaranteed.
Stay tuned.
Stay tuned because the QM soap opera gets more interesting by the minute.
Here's our pull from yesterday.
We had a thousand some odd votes.
Worst or most disappointing movie ending ever was, and I'm only going to read the ones in double digits.
Blair Witch Project, boy, look at it.
Not even close.
Pulled away 244.
Matrix reloaded 150.
Vanilla Sky 71, cast away 66.
AI 52.
Plenty of the 851.
Contact 50.
That was the ajoity foster piece.
Yes, piece of crap.
Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon 41.
Science 35, Hannibal 34.
Last American Virgin 31, Magnolia 30.
I don't, you did that.
Yeah, I creeped it.
You, no, no, you talked him into it.
Holy Grail 28.
I mean, see, the ending in Magnolia was strange, but that wasn't the question.
Worst or most disappointing ending.
Strange, bizarre.
Disappointing.
No.
I thought it was very funny.
What about you, being a boy, did you think it was very funny?
Yeah.
Unbreakable 22.
Let's see, weren't very enthusiastic, the way you said that.
Come on, whip it up.
Well, I'm a little busy over here.
I'm like running around from one.
I've got to run to the mic.
Yeah, it was great.
Unbreakable 22, Monsters Ball 19, Minority Report 19, Fight Club 16, 1-hour photo 16, Xanadu 15,
and Donny Darko, that was my vote, had 11.
Horrible ending, just unacceptable.
Okay, we got two polls today.
Gregory Peck is dead at David Brickley or dead.
Same day.
Oh, brother.
We talked about the David Brickley thing, and then I get off the ear, and I'm, I'm prusing
on the internet, and I see Gregory Peck.
It's guy.
87.
Don't you think that's a shame that we lose two big people like that on the same day?
Yeah, but, you know, they hadn't been active for a while.
What do you mean by that?
It's not like they're going to stop performing.
Well, first of all, you don't know David Brickley from, uh, to Christie Brickley number one,
and number two, uh, Gregory Peck.
I guess you did probably see some Gregory Peck movie.
Sure, as a matter of fact, that reminded me that I wanted to put Moby Dick on the movie list.
Yeah.
Moby Dick.
Moby Dick.
Uh-huh.
I liked it.
It was good.
As opposed to like to kill a mockingbird or a gentleman's agreement to overrated to kill a mockingbird.
Or spellbound.
Right.
Moby Dick.
Moby Dick.
1013 at 560 WQAM.
If you run the Atkins, don't any other low-carb sugar free diet.
You walk into your supermarket.
They got like one half of one, uh, shelf that's got just a swan handful of items that are low-carb.
And the rest of the stuff in the store as you know are loaded with carbohydrates and forget about it.
Nothing for you to buy.
That's why you love shopping at Delights of West.
Okay.
It's the number one low-carb store in the universe.
Over 900 low-carb sugar free products.
Waiting for you with Delights of West.
Broken right now they introduce a brand new one for you.
Their new low-carb instant cup of soup.
All you do is add water and pop it into microwave.
A low-carb meal and a cup that over four delicious flavors.
Or check out the new simply low-carb muffins for a quick breakfast or your own individual size cheesecake waiting on you too.
And the list goes on and on with low-carb hot cocoa, apple cider, blondes and brownies.
And don't forget Delights and Quiddible Selection of low-carb pasta.
Great sauces.
Their pasta sauces are sensational with very, very few carbs.
Gressings, chips, chocolates and their famous Carbolade ice cream too.
Come on in and try everything in the store before your bite.
Delights of West.
Mocha's got all Atkins brand products on sale all day, every day, even on some chastura.
Stop by and talk to their staff because they know dining inside and out.
Open every day 10 to 10.
And you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market.
Not too far from Mocha's house.
Column tool free at 1-877 low-carb or shop them on the web at lowcarb.com.
That's Delights of West.
Mocha make no mistake, it's your official Atkins retail center.
My name is El Mar.
We are sports radio fighters.
2 AM.
For an abandoned the butt, honey.
Okay.
Michael Iser.
Two rings, Iser.
It took two rings to answer.
What are you doing over there?
I'm sorry, so I just couldn't reach the phone.
I couldn't reach the world.
One ring, Iser.
We've been over this.
I'm sorry.
Get on the ball over there.
Okay.
We all hung over out with your mighty dicks.
Who, sir?
The hockey kid.
Oh, the Anaheim mighty duck.
Oh, what a successful story that's been...
I don't want to ever sell it.
Sell it.
Now that team are terrible.
So they're in the Stanley Cup finals.
What does that mean?
Well, they're in the championship of the national.
I say that I'm not in the sports anyway.
I'm one of a porn miles.
I'm porn-mass.
Forget about the ducks.
It's a stupid name anyway.
Who came up with it?
Well, I did, sir.
We remember we had that.
Oh, it's terrible.
And I see you hanging out with that straight brim on your hat.
You look like a moron next to Charlie Sheen.
No, no, no, no.
That was Emilio Estabez, the star of the mighty duck.
They did.
It's the same kid.
Terrible.
The mighty duck hit.
I mean, they really are entertaining.
It's a great family value.
I don't care about the dick.
What?
Hang on a minute.
Yes, sir.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, my God.
What the hell is wrong with you, Ravens?
I'm not feel well, boss.
You're almost white.
Yeah, I'm pale, boss.
Oh, has some bad Chinese.
Some bad Chinese.
Yeah, middle-town town, boss, Lane.
Lane's a panda.
Whatever, boss, I've got to go.
I'll get away from you.
Think like a brewery.
Oh, my God.
Good God.
I'll cover you.
Come on.
I, sir.
Yes, sir.
Well, things are going very well over here.
You know, we have the mighty ducks in the Stanley Cup Final.
Terrible, so, um.
And we also have the Finding Nemo movie, which is doing very, very well.
Yeah, I'm in Viva.
Let me ask you a question.
Yes, sir.
Why do I have a check for $4 million on my desk and the thing made $70 million?
What kind of deal do we have with Pixar?
Well, we sort of...
Bring it on.
Did you do it?
I think I put myself off.
You're put yourself...
Viva, get out of the office.
We are...
My own money.
My own money.
My own money.
My own money.
I need a disc up in here.
I, sir.
Yes, sir.
Prepare after me.
I...
I...
Am...
And idiot.
And idiot.
Goodbye, I, sir.
Okay, well, sir, would you like to take it to the mighty ducks?
I told you to sell the ducks.
Docks?
Change the name of that thing anyway.
Change the name of the...
Yeah, we gotta keep it.
Make it the leases.
The leases.
What are leases?
Leases.
More than one mouse.
That's just mice.
Yeah.
Are you correct, and leases?
No, sir.
That's good.
I hate it.
I hate it.
Walk, balls.
My, oh my.
10-21 and 5-60 W-Q-I-M.
So the new, the first poll we got, two polls today, we got like part one and part two.
I think we ought to do that every day, don't you?
Although, my kid Eric a little bit bent out of shape.
That should make any difference though, once Beener Burgerts control the whole thing.
Now, are we gonna have Scorley Moe on the website over the weekend?
Yes.
If you like the Mozo and the other Moe pictures and the other ones have, uh,
of course me and Moe asked to ask, if you like those pictures on our website,
wait till you see Scorley Moe.
Even the beast liked it.
I love eating nuts.
Yeah, wait till you see those swinging nuts.
Moe and his swinging nuts.
Scorley Moe.
So what's gonna be on our website any moment as a matter of fact,
here's the fact that it says, Neil, I hate you.
I cursed today you said, Roger's chocolates on the ear.
I'm on my second box.
As I grow fat, I spit on your name.
Ha ha ha ha.
Oh, don't forget that, Roger's chocolates.com.
Almond Brittle.
I wish I wouldn't have said that.
I can't find any place that sells it here anymore.
I'm glad that I had to find that out.
Although you can't order it right off the internet.
Like George did.
No, I, uh, a nice listener brought it to an appearance.
Oh, really?
I thought you said you ordered it.
No, somebody brought it.
Oh, that Roger's almond brittle, man.
That's some of the best stuff that will send you into orbit.
Okay, here's pull number one with Father's Day coming up on Sunday.
We've discussed this many times in the past,
although we never get a call on it.
And why should that be different from anything else I bring up?
Uh, the fact is that a lot of Father's Suck, you know?
Yeah.
Mother's generally, if one parent is gonna be good,
and the other one is gonna be bad, it's generally.
The mother is a better, more conscientious, more loving, more caring.
A more likable person than the father who's usually cold and distant,
and hostile and afraid to show his emotions.
You know, you know what I'm saying?
Right.
Of course you do.
This is true.
So here's the pull from now until noon,
and then we'll put up the other one,
in which we're gonna build.
If we're gonna build a pool,
I say in the first couple hours, or at least the first hour,
we have something else to keep the market putt.
Keep them off the street.
Twenty-fifthotes already.
How would you rate your parents?
Both great ten.
Oh, all right.
Let's hear it.
Both great ten.
That's excellent.
I feel so good for those people, don't you?
Yeah, that's level.
Both okay, seven.
Not great, but-
Okay.
Both of disaster five.
Mother good, father lame, one.
Father good, mother lame, zero.
See now, maybe I'm wrong about that.
About the father thing.
Maybe it was just-
I don't think so.
Huh? Maybe it was just my fistful.
Although, you know what I said,
Magnolia, every father in that movie sucked.
Right.
Every one of them was a bad father.
We had the one who was like doing the incest thing,
and then we had the other one who was like just abandon his kid.
Mm-hmm.
And every father was a piece of crap.
Although, at least in the end, they died a wicked death.
I should say that.
Not enough of them.
Here's the fact that says there's a link on Drudge today.
Oh, I miss Fudge.
An article about Ashcroft pushing Patriot Act 2
and the Secret Police Empowerment Act that makes every crime including speeding,
maybe an act of domestic terrorism.
It also allows the Justice Department to revoke anyone's citizenship
and then treat them as an enemy combatant.
He's the most dangerous man in America.
John and Port St. Lucie says.
I don't know if he talked about Miss Fudge or about John Ascroft.
Actually, the only reason John Ascroft is dangerous is because somebody else put him in there,
which makes the president the most dangerous.
D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D
D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D
You know what I'm saying.
Oh, here's a bunch of them for you.
Now, see, we're requiring you to make a choice.
These people, a lot of them, remind me of, like, Muff, who's sitting in the toilet, you
know, and he has to get on the intercom with Duff.
He has to call Duff on his cell phone to find out which hand to wipe with, you know?
Who'd I say has to call Greg or himself?
The worst acting performance ever in a movie was, and my choice is Eli Wallach and
Godfather III.
I can't imagine a worst performance.
Now, I know somebody.
It shouldn't be me also write the other one down because it's going to be obvious.
What other one?
Sophia Coppola.
Oh, oh yeah.
Also in Godfather III.
I don't know the name of the actor, but in that same movie, but he was small potato, so
he's like, he's been worth mentioning, so I don't know why I'm going to.
The guy that played Anthony, the son, the opera singing son.
What was wrong with him?
He was just his brother.
He was only there for three-sacral identity problems.
What was wrong with him?
He was okay.
You're putting him in the same category with Sophia with a big schnauzon.
No, it was just all bad.
Dad, don't spend it all in one place, Dad.
Oh, brother.
There's one of the worst cases of nepotism in the history of the human race.
Francis Ford Coppola taking all of his other brilliant work and just shoveling it right
down the toilet by putting his daughter in there in that role and then Eli Wallach.
I thought we could reason together.
His waving the arms around like he's got St.
David, every line that he said in it was like so overdone and so cornball.
Just awful.
Oh, you'll leave.
You know, the thing where he's going to get in the hitman, he's having a hitman in his
mulee son there.
I love him.
He was great.
Mulee son.
You know, the one I made the mule the year.
That's it, not bad.
1027 at 560 W2QM, the Neil Deals just keep on smoking from Tom Lehman and Joe Prieto
at Halipond, AXGMC.
Here they are for the very latest ones.
Neil Deals number one, get yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC
in stock.
Neil Deals number two gets you up to $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC in Pontiac in stock,
attention-coronored former military person.
They'll get you an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Halipond and Neil Deals
number three going on right now, at least the new 2004 Grand Prix GT1 for as little as
$209 bucks a month.
This is a 36 month lease.
See dealer for details.
I told you you should have got your car in Halicsmuck, beater boy.
Oops.
Puts.
Now at Halip, test drive any vehicle on the lot for 24 hours.
That's right, you can take it home, take it to work, take it to the warehouse wherever
you want and you can test drive it for 24 hours.
And of course, Halicsm also has always got a dependable selection of great certified pre-owned
cars, trucks and SUVs and they're not picky about credit even if it's marginal, look
it should deal with Halipond, AXGMC.
You'll find them at 13401 Soft Fixie Highway that's US 1 across from the falls open
every day seven days a week.
For more info call the Neal Deal Hotline tool 3, 1-triple 8, 5344-211.
That's 1-triple 8, 5344-211 and don't forget all Neal Deal subject to credit, approval,
see dealer for details.
And Halipond AXGMC when you do your car shopping, they'll agree, they be professional grace.
Why are you bastard?
Warning, we have mercilessly taken the following material out of context without endorsement
or permission from those depicted.
It is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous
as possible.
We hope we reach that goal or at least major laugh.
On tonight's action news, Hillary, congratulations, your book is out and it's flying off the
shelf.
Thank you.
So when did you start having group sex?
30 years ago.
So who are you and Bill swinging with?
Bill and Al and Chipper and I.
Did you know that sometimes Bill had sex with Betty White?
I find that absolutely unbelievable.
I know, I just made it up.
On tonight's action news.
Hillary, what was your favorite place to have sex?
For me, love behind.
Blackdome.
1032 at 560 W at QAM, maybe the Beast can get some pointers.
Here's our first response on a poll.
It looks like it's going to be pretty weak which means I could read some real good bedtime
stories all day today which is fine with me.
But the second, but the second poll will put up there from noon to two.
But in the meantime, we're going to try to build it in these two hours.
But you know, maybe it'll work.
Maybe not.
Maybe they don't want to play the game today.
The fact is, Vodera can Tarzan.
That's Tarzan, the 8 man and I concur.
Okay.
Tarzan, the 8 man.
Vodera.
The worst acting performance ever in the movie was we got only three nominees so far.
Eli Wallach and Sophia Coppola and Godfather 3.
Vodera can Tarzan.
560, 560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
This should be a piece of cake, man.
It should be like 600 nominations for this.
Don't you think?
Yeah, but should be.
Well, they're just, it's Friday.
It's to the kids around a school.
They're off on a busman's holiday now for whatever the reason.
Plus, we got no free tickets to give away.
Well, 100 votes on a poll.
Our first poll.
How would you rate your parents?
And this is good.
Both grade 44.
Both okay.
27.
Mother good father lame.
15.
Both a disaster.
10.
And father good mother lame only four.
Only four people say that their father was a good parent and their mother's sucked.
So far.
560, 7.
0560, 0560.
We have been aboard.
We'll get to that phone eventually where he just won't get paid on the 25th again.
And he won't pay George back and he'll just be like a snowballing.
It'll be like, oh, in the mob money, you know.
The company store.
You'll just never catch up.
Oh, and let me just also mention, I should have.
I should have cussed his ass out.
Did I mention it when Ferrell was doing his little 20-minute crossover about the eating
thing?
I did tell him that.
Don't be a pussy.
Don't believe all these memos they put.
Oh, no food is allowed.
No smoking.
No farting.
No talking.
You know, what kind of crap is that?
See, this is parents again.
Try to be a butch guy.
Try to push everybody around because he can't get laid because he's got a real inferiority
complex because he's got a penis like a little girl.
And therefore, no seriously, so therefore he's trying to flex his muscle and he's going
to show them you'll notice he doesn't include our studio in it because he knows I tell
him to stick it up his ass.
No chance, clearance.
And when I'm going to be there next week, in fact, maybe I'll be there for a couple of
weeks and it all depends on how I can handle it.
But if you think we're not going to be eating at least bacon or whatever we feel like at
a studio, I got news for it.
We're dreaming, sweetheart.
Let's have a feast.
Yeah, an excuse being able to solve his answer on a building.
Well, maybe if Greg wasn't such a cheap bastard and they don't even have to spend money,
they could trade it out.
They could just do it for a few mentions or good, but he's Steve from ATM alternative
termite management.
Is that what it is?
That's what it is.
They're the best.
They're the best.
Just a few mentions, he'd come in and clean that then building out and get rid of all
the pests and the bugs too.
Work with Geldie so far.
Boy, that's really interesting.
That's a pretty, uh, going to keep our eye on that.
On that Geldie situation, he might be bailing.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, this is a really so cool.
How you doing?
Okay.
What?
I have a 10, 10 father for, for, for a month.
Okay, great.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon wireless.
What kind of stories will you be sharing with us today?
A whole bunch of them.
It looks like many.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
This is so name.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Yeah, lame is the word, man.
That's you.
Look at the mirror.
Lame.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
This is what happens when they got no material.
When they have nothing to bring.
And they make it so easy for a man.
And he's doing a little megaphone thing again.
Let me say it again.
You're there every minute of every day.
As full as you think that there's anybody stupid enough to buy into your crowd.
Of course not.
Because after they hear the, it doesn't even make any difference what the words are that follow.
It's just a sound.
The sound of the God damn Campbell soup cannon from your ugly poest.
Man.
Get some freaking material as whole.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
What about the North?
He's the worst actor in the world.
I don't know the name of any of his movies, but he.
Who is it?
Chuck Norris.
The Crow.
Chuck Norris.
Yeah.
Yeah, he was the worst.
No.
No, you're not listening to me.
You don't understand the pull.
Not the worst actor or the worst actress.
The worst acting performance ever in a movie.
Yeah, he's a kid.
He's a nutcative.
Yeah.
Ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha.
You know something that one guy was right long ago.
He was right.
Make it simple.
Paper or plastic, you know.
Jesus Christ.
It wouldn't matter.
It's just amazing.
It's shocking to me.
It is shocking.
And you wonder why South Florida is the intellectual toilet that it is.
In fact, it makes that toilet in trans spotting look lovely by comparison.
Look appetizing.
Oh, well, we don't understand why you wouldn't want to be here all the time.
Neil, it's such a paradise.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound.
We still don't have one on the phone yet.
Do we?
Don't we have the one that came in on the facts machine?
And that's it.
Well, this is good at this rate.
If I bought four four into 30 this afternoon, we might have like five or six.
How would you rate your parents?
Both great.
And this is because Father's Day of Summit.
This is just something to kill some time.
Okay.
128 votes.
Both great 60.
Both okay 33.
Mother good, Father lame 18.
Both of disaster 12.
And mother, Father good, and mother lame only five.
Following that and keeping track of those.
We're learning a majority.
I'm a minority.
Quite a minority.
What do you mean we?
Not now you're going to tell the audience how we voted.
Both lame.
When my mother is listening to the show and probably is too.
Does your mother listen?
Well, she has a spy that reports due to the late.
Well, guess what spy?
George said your lame.
Your lame mom.
Your mama.
Eat to mama.
Tambien.
That's right.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I was calling for a suggestion for the worst acting performance.
Okay.
The kid who played young Darth Vader in this most recent Star Wars movie with the album.
He didn't work.
Oh, you're picking on poor Hayden Chris.
It was the first one.
The little one.
Well, he was bad too, but this last one was the most nonmenacing person I've ever seen in my life.
Both of them.
I don't have trouble choosing.
Yeah, he did.
He was a little light in the loafers.
Hayden, he was pretty, but he was light.
Okay, thanks a lot, Pali.
Bye.
Now, what is Star Wars?
What?
I don't know the second one.
I'm trying to block it out of my head.
Episode two.
Star Wars two.
Okay.
Hayden Christian, Pali.
He's not in a pretty little Hayden Christian, so he's pretty, but he was a little bit of a fortune in that movie.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Who was the worst actress in history?
That's our pull question today.
Isn't it?
Who was the worst newscaster next to David Brinkley?
Boy, they sure went whole-hob on Adidas.
Did you see that all the networks?
Not just on the CNN.
Yeah.
And what's it called?
I was having to even watch King No Mo.
Uh-huh.
Because I don't watch CNN.
I refused to watch it.
My microwave oven was showing highlights of David Brinkley.
Yeah, he was all over the place.
Good night, Chet.
Good night, Chet.
He kept saying it.
Good night, Chet.
I mean, I liked David Brinkley, okay?
And of course, he got that thing with that archer Daniels Midland.
Remember that big scandal about that?
Got into kind of a kind.
And then all of a sudden, very shortly thereafter, he vanished from our TV screens, never to return.
I thought it was good when he was on Sunday mornings on this week.
At least he counterbalanced that obnoxious George Will and the anxious San Donaldson and at nasty herpes that kept sliding around.
But then once his eyeball, that left eyeball started to slide down on it, was cheeked during his closing when he started yuking it up during those commentaries.
I think that's when he decided that was time to ship him off to the farm.
Poor David.
David Brinkley is dead.
It's a close of a great chapter in American Newsmen.
When we still have like real news people, I know that comes the shock audio punks out there.
We used to have like real news people on here like Chet Humbly and David Brinkley and Walter Cronkite, John Chancellor.
And John Cameron Swazie, it takes a lickin' and keeps on ticking just like the beast.
1040, 20 to 11 at 560 WQM.
Let me tell you about something you ought to be lickin' right now.
We're never gonna be not lickin' just poppin' it.
Some ol' you might in your poos.
Ol' you might soft shells are good for you.
They contain the finest of purist, the bestest of olive oil you'll find anywhere that is super concentrated
with all kinds of benefits for you and your health.
Ol' you might in your mouth every day can up reduce the risk of heart disease, high cholesterol, and all kinds of other Tsurries.
Plus there are 14 different ol' you might formula to choose from each one combining.
Farmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins, minerals, and herbals.
This supports specific health needs.
From your bones, to your blood pressure, to your immune system.
All you do is just pick out the formulas that I'm right for you and pop it every day.
Right in the old poos.
And now you got three new olio-meda formulas.
One to help your sleep, one to help you control your weight, and cell Q10, which contains coq10 for your heart.
Pick some up while you're doin' your shop in a day because it's all over town.
Pick up olio-meda, publics, records, wall greens, whole food markets, nvarros, and sadanos, order it online, if you like.
Just make that one quick trip over to olio-meda-merka.com.
Or if you want more information, make that one easy call.
Tool for E to 1, 866 olio-meda.
That's 1, 866, 65, 360, 633, it's good for you.
For better health start poppin' some olio-meda-nure poos right away.
My, my, and local, I'm your sports radio five-sixies, you a-c-u-a-m.
Holy s**t dude.
From the network that brought you NBC, C-N-B-C, and MSNBC, comes the greatest channel in the history of broadcasting.
Vs-NBC, tonight at A-B-M on softwall, Phytos Press Secretary R.A. Flasher tells Vs-NBC why the mush-tax cut will actually help poor people.
Homeland Security Director Tom Ridge will show you how duct tape and plastic sheeting will keep you 100% safe from chemical and biological attacks.
Then, at 9, Vs-NBC investigates, brings you an exclusive interview with Scott Peterson who'll prove he's totally innocent.
Remittain Ryan Williams and a panel of absolute geniuses, blow the lid off the Sars hoax.
And later, your wife will tell you that it happens to every guy and size does it matter.
All this, a-s-I'm-as in the morning. On the most watched, most busted, most defendable, most honest, new channel in the history of journalism.
Vs-NBC.
1045, you need a search party to find MSNBC's audience, let's hear that right now. Is Donnie Houston on there?
How about that great new show with Jesse Ventura that started yet?
How about, uh, what's his name? Who's that fat-headed guy that had on a fiber clock?
That awful newspaper guy that, uh, Jerry, uh, Jerry the dead guy.
Oh, I think he died or something, he's gone.
And now, they really, to show you the desperation, not only they put these right wingers on, they got that Keith Overnon man.
He make-he gives me spielkeys, man. This is the guy who takes himself very seriously, who's made a career out of picking himself seriously.
And he was on ESPN, they blew him off, and he was on MSNBC, they blew him off.
Anyway, the fox in they blew him off. Now he's back on MSNBC with his point to share whatever he's got. Keith Overnon.
He talks in a very serious voice, like he's- he really believes he's gonna change the world.
Like he's gonna- he's got all the answers, he's gonna solve the problems for the world.
And you just look at him and you laugh at him. He's a silly person. He's a sports nerd.
It would be like- it would be like clearance going on CNN to solve the problems with the road map in the Middle East.
See what I'm saying? What do you say?
Oh, here's the good news. No, no WHO travel advisory for Toronto.
They were peeing into their pants here about that, you know, because of that one exported case to Chapel Hill, North Carolina.
That'll teach that guy who came up here. Don't be coming up here and visiting people in hospitals and nursing homes.
You asshole. Jesus Christ. Then he goes back and infects a couple of his coworkers.
That'll teach you. You idiot. God.
Hey, don't forget, join Joe Costello today from Noondil II at the Verizon Wireless.
At 329 Arthur Gottfried Road, Mami Beach, stop by to win our usual low-of-budget QA and prizes.
And some Marlon tickets. Wow, what an incentive that is, huh?
Joe Costello, our close personal buddy, Noondil II today at Verizon Wireless.
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello.
Yes, sir. Neil. Yes.
Worst performance, Darrell Hannah in the band.
Clant of the Bayer or something like that. Clant of the Cave Bear.
Yeah. Yeah. Terrible.
Clant of the Cave Bear?
Yes. Darrell Hannah.
Okay, we got you down, pal. Thanks a lot. Sounds fishy to me.
I like Darrell Hannah, but that doesn't mean she couldn't put in a bad performance.
Well, it was so long ago I can't even remember. She was probably better in the bathtub.
She was fine in that movie. It's just that that movie was just her, her acting was,
that was the dialogue. What was it again?
Oh, man, since your ATM card, Guttie, and you just have been the same, you know,
between, between not getting paid on payday and then in the same week like a couple of days later,
the machine eats his ATM card because his bank is a piece of crap.
So the little money is again, make Atlantic, they suck.
All the banks and stuff, Florida suck.
Oh, yeah.
And especially, watch over your money, bank man, they make me puke.
God, are they bad?
It's like they're all having a contest with each other to see how little service they can give you,
how they can screw you over and make your life miserable and keep bouncing your checks
and screwing up your deposits and eating your ATM cards.
And just, just in general, making your life a piece of crap.
Here's a call from Miami. Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, you got an?
I beg your pardon?
You got an?
No, I don't have any an, they got an an in the studio.
An an in the studio. I want to send you some free samples of the great ant faith that it's not a poison to people.
Yeah.
No, well, listen, send us some that's not a poison, then send us some other ones that mark them up that are a poison.
We'll put them in most studio.
Good deal.
You going to send it?
I'm going to send it, Gabby. Have you got to give me your address?
Okay, hang on a second.
Okay, give that guy as a raise free, so we'll take it.
Okay, Greg, we'll be having to take that.
If it costs us any money, we won't do it.
I mean, you talk about cheap. Come on.
How many times have I talked about that?
Not only are there ants in there, but there are like little things.
There are about a half a dozen different kinds of creatures flying.
Some have wings, some have legs, some have, you know,
every kind of insect that's ever been invented is flying around an adult building because they're too cheap.
First of all, the building is a toilet.
The elevator is a joke.
I think they had to bribe somebody to get this certificate in there to approve it.
Everything in there is a goddamn joke.
And then we can't get an exterminator when they're even for a couple of trade-outs spots.
What this kind of goes to show you, the kind of a concern Greg has for the people that work there.
It's in none.
Which is why in the beginning, you guys were in a trailer and at the condemn of a trailer.
I'll never forget that day.
I went in there to pick you up to take you down to a kindle Toyota.
And I'd walk in that place and I look around.
I thought, you know what that place reminded me of?
The toilet in train spotting.
And all of that building reminded me of.
In fact, I wouldn't have taken a crap in that building.
That's how that was.
Seriously, when you walk into a place and you say,
this place looks so filthy and so grotesque, I wouldn't take a crap in here, then you know.
That's what it was.
We had carpeting on the walls and there was mold and mildew growing in it.
And then, then I remember before starting at QA,
a normal camp brings me in here to take the tour of the QA and build it.
And the walls are stained and a carpeting looked like people had mungled all over
like there'd been like series of orgies on them.
And we're just disgusting.
Yeah, all mail.
And that's Greg Reed.
Look, I've told you many times I'd sure hate to see what the inside of his house looked like.
Here's a whole bunch of fashions.
Let's say you said bad acting and the first name that popped up was Vin Diesel for a fast and furious.
It said, I'm sure someone is worse, but that's what I got to see.
Well, what's wrong with that Vin Diesel?
Nothing.
I'll write this.
I'm writing it down.
I don't have to write these.
Do I?
No.
No.
No.
That's a tough question.
Why do I write them down?
Why do I write them down?
Why do I write them down?
Why do I write them down?
Why do I write them down?
Why do I write them down?
Why do I write them down?
Here's one from Joe.
I don't understand.
I can't think of the title of the movie.
Dolly Parton tries to teach Slice the Loan to be a country singer.
Right.
What is it?
Rhyne Stone.
Rhyne Stone.
The vote is Slice the Loan in Rhyne Stone.
Rhyne Stone.
Cowboy, wasn't it?
Am I going to have to look this up?
I'll look it up.
I can do a quick search.
Slice.
Stallone.
I can handle it.
I got my computer over here.
I can type in the stick it up my nose.
So that's just the law.
Here you go.
Come on.
It's only a four-hour free-con show.
We don't have a ball game today.
But that Marlon game yesterday, that kill us or what?
Wow.
That was shocking.
Slice the Loan.
Okay.
You want to know all the names of his movies?
No.
Oh, Shade Taxi 3.
Liberty's kids.
What's the one we're looking for?
Rhyne Stone.
Rhyne Stone.
Rhyne Stone.
Rocky V.
Tango and Cash Rambo 3.
Nighthawks.
Victory Flitters.
Rhyne Stone.
That's the name of the movie.
I stay corrected.
Asshole.
I thought you were stupid.
See, I had to waste all of that time.
The audience is probably pissed off at Carlos now too, because I had to waste all of that time
because you would listen to your...
See, one thing about Beener Boy.
You know something.
He knows better.
No matter what it is, if you know, just like with poor Eric up there, who's probably having a nervous breakdown?
Well, I had looked it up a lot faster than you were.
Eric was an expert computer nerd, but I hate Beener Boy.
He's a better computer nerd.
As long as we all understand that we'll get along just fine.
Okay.
And let me ask you this.
Is there a squirrely ammo up there yet?
Well, what do you want up first, the stories are the squirrel.
Both.
Or the pole.
You can take it on the pole.
I'm doing the stories.
What do you mean you're taking down the pole?
What do you mean you're taking down the pole?
He's writing it.
I'm writing down the suggestions.
I thought you were taking down the pole.
It's supposed to be up there till noon, in which case you had gotten probably fired.
How would you rate your parents?
186 votes already.
Both great 89.
Let's share it for those people.
I am so jealous of those people who I like.
Two good parents.
They're one of the so much better adjusted than I am.
And then George, wow.
Yeah, we are.
Both okay, 41.
Mother good father lame 27.
See, I think this is making my point because father good mother lame only eight.
Right.
Oh, I agree.
And both a disaster 21.
Oh, geez.
So 48 56.
So 56 out of 186, which is about 30% about 30% who've had the parent problems.
Well, you know, not everybody.
I think people should have a license not to get married, but to be a parent.
Yes.
Oh, yes.
Because not everybody should be a parent.
Yeah, almost anybody can make a baby, but that's not the trick.
Okay.
Making a baby even monkeys can do that.
Okay.
Even gerbals can do that.
But being a parent, being a responsible loving, caring, thinking parent, that requires a license.
Out of the allow.
Right.
Plus, unless you look pretty good.
You know, who's got beautiful kids?
Who the hell was that?
I forget who that was.
Somebody on the other night, the on biography has just unbelievably good looking kids.
It'll come back to me.
I was shocked.
And oh, I know who it was.
It was Jose Santos, the jocky.
His wife is unbelievably beautiful.
He's got a kid as son and a daughter and they're just knockout.
They're just beautiful kids.
It sounds a little bit young for a Carlos.
That's certainly a really beautiful family.
And I sure didn't come from Jose with all the apologies of him.
And we're sorry to him in the triple crown.
Worth acting performance ever, Shaquille O'Neal and Kazam.
Got it?
Shaquille O'Neal or anything.
Well, there you go.
We got something specific.
It's time for another Shaquet test.
Hey!
Kristen and Lentanis.
We're getting this going now.
They're finally catching on.
They're not all as stupid as a couple of more.
Like that mouth breather.
Oh, Jesus.
I'd like to get a goddamn baseball bat.
You know, my last show.
The last show that I do.
I'd like to get a baseball bat.
With or without corking it.
And just line those bastards up.
You know the ones I'm talking about.
Oh, magnificent.
Doesn't.
Just a dozen of, right?
And just beat the snot out of every one of them.
That did.
Oh, man.
What a great way that would be to go out.
Oh, we're getting excited.
Be excited.
Be be excited.
Kristen and Lentanis.
My, my suggestion is Nicholas Cage in Moonstruck.
She says I wanted to cut off his other hand
and maybe some other appendages as well.
Oi.
Thanks, Kristen.
You got a down to close cage.
I don't like him.
Never saw that movie though.
Oh, I don't like him.
There's just something about him.
I don't think he's a good actor.
He looks.
There's something about the way he is.
His whole ambiance and appearance.
He just bugs me.
Can you think of one good movie he has been in?
Leaving Las Vegas.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on a 18.
See, I'm, I'm going to step all over you if you try to say any.
Because already for well talk about the first 80 minutes of the show.
Which is fine.
But boy, he, he's like a, he's like a machine.
Right.
He's just like a talking, squeaking, grappling machine.
Just wind him up.
He just, ah.
So if I was more, I'd be real nervous now if Geldy doesn't show no more.
Because once for well starts moving down that territory,
I won't get in there.
Nothing edge wise.
And then he'll start going back and up till about 3 30 in the morning.
Here's a call in four lottery.
Hello.
Hey, what's up?
How you doing, sir?
Hey, did you get my pictures?
I sent you?
Of what?
I think that's the, ah, squirrely picture of Mao and Mao and Geldy.
And then one of you was the Neil God.
Oh, they, those came from you.
Well, thank you so much.
Yes, I did get them.
And they're all a beautiful thing.
Okay.
Now, I'm not sure.
I have another one of the Neil God that's an X-ray the version.
I don't know if you want that.
I've photoshopped out a particular thing for you.
Why do you consent to us?
We won't put it on your website because we don't want no X-ray to crap on our website.
I figured that you didn't.
That's why I did that particular version.
But I don't know if you had to hang that picture up somewhere in the studio just for fun.
Okay.
Well, the squirrelymo is going on a website as of a little later today and we appreciate it very much.
Oh, actually, I've said new more stuff.
I got a lot of time to waste today.
He always said that he had swinging nuts and I think he had a point.
Well, if he is, he has a squirrel on top of his head too, so I figured that's a double entendreter.
You know what I mean?
Thanks, Pally.
Take it easy, man.
See ya.
I was that up there yet or not.
Get in there.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Although, as much as I like the Mozo and Squirrelymo, I think the ass that I have,
is just, you know, a...
Beautiful thing.
My, my, my and loco.
This is Sports Radio 560.
You, A-M.
Radio weekend on 560 WQ-A-M.
New from Ronco, the burry Manlo Bedroom GPS and Compass.
Never get lost in your own bedroom again.
Your burry Manlo Bedroom GPS and Compass will lock on the six strategically located satellites maintained by the US Government
and will warn you before you walk into your walls.
How could you possibly survive without it?
Imagine never having to use your own sense of direction again.
You can stop using your brain completely
and still find your way through your own house.
The very Manalo Bedroom GPS and Compass from RUNCO.
Don't stay home without it.
It's 1101 at 560 WQAM.
We got the mad dog at 2.
From Hooters and Pemberpines, you got to Humber at 4.
Full three hours today, Hank.
Everybody assignment.
4 to 7.
That was probably...
7 o'clock, you got QAM Rewound, the best of QM.
To kill a half an hour, because we got no Crow, no Mo.
He's over on a competition.
On the stiff competition, Marlon's on deck 730.
Marlon's at the Texas Rangers.
With a $25 million man, it's him.
It's like about 100 games under 500.
Man, looks like last place for Texas again.
It's your Marlon's at the Rangers 805 tonight.
Fomored by the 80K show and ESPN radio overnight
because we get it for free.
Now, you're keeping a list so I can't...
Because this is the list that's going to go up and noon
and I really boxed myself into a corner.
But that's okay because you can read them.
We can read them.
Before we speak of a Viking read them,
I guess we have to address a fax or a notorious fax around the year
because I can't fax back to them.
And they're very well intended.
They fax like 20 pages at a time.
None of this fax is our legible at all ever.
And they're just constantly faxing all day long.
So the person...
What is he faxing about?
Well, about anything and everything.
But the last fax that he just said,
acting performances by musicians
and they've got a whole list here of really bad
acting performances by musicians.
By musicians?
By musicians.
In other words, like Brittany, people that are musicians
that become actors.
You mean like Jelo?
For example.
Anyway, this...
So this person knows who they are.
I tried to fax back.
You know who you are.
Leave us alone.
Quote wasting our fax paper.
We can't read any of them.
We can't read any part of it from this person.
Go on and meet you a new toner.
Go steal one somewhere.
Just stop faxing place.
Schmuck.
Okay, the worst acting performance ever in a movie was
Eli Wallet, Godfather 3.
Sophia Coppola, Godfather 3.
Dad.
Dad.
Dad.
Dad.
A Bo Derek Tarzan,
Hayden Christiansen, Star Wars 2, I like them.
Oh, he was kind of like, I don't know.
He might have been a little on the fruity side.
Darryl Hannah,
clan of the cave bear.
And that's as far as I got out.
And you've got the rest of them.
Right.
What are they?
I'm not a boarder Darryl Hannah,
clan of the cave bear.
Nicholas Cage, moon struck.
Yeah.
Tom Hanks, Joe versus the volcano.
Right.
And Van Diesel for what?
Van Diesel for the fast and the furious.
What did I call it?
Van.
Van.
Diesel van.
Diesel van for the fascist of what?
Of Eastwick.
The fascist.
Okay.
So us are still on an rying stone.
Yo.
And Shaquille O'Neal and Kazam.
Shaq for a chasier.
We're not too big in this shack, okay?
I'm very upset that Joe versus the volcano made her not to this list.
Why is that?
Is that one of your favorites?
That's one of my, I'm embarrassed to say
it's one of my favorite cheesy movies.
I see it was as good as kids.
I don't know.
Well, actually, no, kids is the one that I have seen.
Better than bully?
That one, I don't know.
That's George, that's one of his favorites.
Here's a call from broken, hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes sir. Hi, how are you? Great. Just called with the choice for the poll. Okay.
Keanu Reeves the Matrix. Okay. All right. I almost anything you would have followed Keanu Reeves with. I'm sure we'd all agree.
This is actually a good movie despite him. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pat. I think I'm kind of stood out. We got you down. All right. Thanks a lot.
Keanu Reeves, man. He couldn't act as wet of a paper-freaking sack, you know what?
Whoa. If we're going to put Keanu Reeves, I mean point break. I'm an FBI agent.
But Keanu and Dangerous Leazons. Whoa. What for sake or not saying, dude. Yeah. And don't forget the one that I just watched, which you didn't see because it's a
Fag movie that when that's why he's in it on my own private Idaho.
Very, very lame. Just lame. Awful. In fact, the whole movie is pretty awful, but River Penis. See, they write about how good
River Penis was in that movie. It's not that he was so good. It's that Keanu Reeves was so bad. Hollywood, community college is
proud to present act like a pro. Yes, with our act like a pro workshops, you can learn the techniques of your
favorite Hollywood stars and how to duplicate their success. This week our special instructor, Keanu Reeves. Yes, Keanu Reeves can
teach you all the range of emotions from excited. Excellent. To fight. Happy to depress and even startle.
I know come. Plus, he'll also teach you how to speak in a foreign accent. I go to the cost of rock.
You're on. So, no, and this week in Hollywood community college for your special guest lecturer, Keanu Reeves. And you too will be saying.
You know, he must have administered a lot of oral in order to get to where he is today. No doubt it. And maybe anal as well.
So there you go, Beast. There's a guy to guy to the top. All of quite frankly, you looked a little bit better than the Beast.
I had a laugh this morning when I guess he's trying to like, you know, be nice to him. Maybe he's trying to like psychoanalyze the kid a little bit.
When Ferrell was talking about the Beast, you know, being fat, everybody's making fun of how fat he is. And about that's his personality. That's what makes him so great.
Is this because a little round tub of crap, you know what I'm saying? No. Which is probably a way of encouraging to keep eating and maybe like,
he can get a new producer or something like that. But we'll find out in time because this some momentous stuff
happening with that most show again, it just keeps it's always in the state of flux. You notice always in the state of flux.
Never comes down to the ground ever since Greg's true, but a morning show. It's never quite come back down and hit the ground.
Here's our pool number one. It'll be up there this hour and then that noon. No, we put up the other one. How would you rate your parents?
Father's Day is this Sunday. Here's a chance for people with really crappy father's defense. Or both.
How would you rate your parents? Both grade 115 49 and a half percent said I have great parents.
Oh, and that doesn't it just tug of your heartstrings? Yeah.
Both okay 50. Mother was good or is good father lame 32. Both of the disaster 26. Father good mother lame nine.
So you see that 32 to nine where they thought the mother was a good parent but the father's suck was a piece of crap.
Cold, this did obnoxious disgusting walking ice cube.
Yeah, that should have been my father's nickname Mr. Warmth.
Man. 232 votes on there not too shabby in the first hour. Don't forget Jo and Joe Costello noon to two today.
Verizon wireless 329 Arthur got he wrote on the beach and he just wants to see it because we don't have a lot for it.
We got some of our usual low budget QM prizes and some Marlon tickets. No, everybody's giving away Marlon tickets for
all everybody else. Anybody want them? No.
5 6 7 I mean if ever there was a case of trying to force feed something to the public that they don't want that's it.
Panther tickets and Marlon tickets.
If we had some dolphin tickets then you'd see the phones go crazy. Then you'd see people like lining up at the door.
We'll take them. Oh, I'd speak into that.
Now I'm kind of curious is a beenaboy there are you a football fan?
Yes, I am. Are you a dolphin? Yes, I am.
Because I have those will be coming probably in the next month or two.
I would imagine my dolphin season tickets and the last couple of years of the row I've given them to a Joe Costello.
But I was thinking about this the other day since Bonerboy does so much work there and we don't have you know.
When you think absolutely. I mean Joe love Joe.
Well, I love Joe. Joe's a good friend. I like Joe Costello. Well, he calls up here every once in a while to see how I'm doing.
I'm a little bit but I think really Joe is huh we have to grease our own wheels.
We got to grease our own guys. I'm pretty greasy as it is but that's what the beast said this morning.
That was unbelievable. That was I mean what a line that was. I think he wants it. You know something I think he's getting excited about it.
See everybody else in the building thinks I'm joking about about having clearance mount the beast since neither one of them can get any.
But I think that they're both like relishing it. I think they're going to do it with relish.
So say so keep on and follow olive oil you got there. Oh god. That's a gallon. No, sir. He's not yesterday.
He said he would do it for like six figures and then what do you say today? Just for a race. Any kind of race.
Yeah, just for a race like a quarter for six or four quarter a week.
Back to him and he said he's already comes pre-loved. You know what is extra virgin? This jug of olive oil we have in here.
Fits right in. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's the pompino. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got a selection for your worst performance in a movie. Yes.
The name of the movie is Body of Evidence and a greater performance that she's ever had was Madonna.
Oh yeah. Absolutely horrible. I mean the worst movie maybe a full time also.
Okay. Oh, I don't know how. What was the phone? Joe Montenna, you ever gotten that movie?
They must have owned somebody such a big favor to risk their careers to being a movie with.
I mean the worst movie and without question the worst performance. Okay, pal, they got you down.
Okay, and just to let you know you're right about the quality of broadcasts.
Work as journalists in the world today. I mean maybe just three or four good ones maybe.
The rest of it nothing more than just props or anything else. I mean it's terrible.
I don't even bother watching the news. I go online to a web page called it.
L dot O R G. You bring up any newspaper in the country even in the world.
Right. It's something you should check out. I know you would appreciate it. What is it? What is it again?
It's I K L. Stanford Internet Public Library Rory dot O R G. Okay. You can bring up magazines,
newspapers, all different types of records material. I'm sure you'll enjoy it. Okay, thanks a lot.
Okay, have a good day. You too, bye bye.
I P L dot O R G. Okay, we'll check that out. Seriously, if you really want to know what's going on in the world
and have any concept, I mean if you care, I mean a lot of people don't care.
But if you do care, you've got to go online. You have to go on the internet because you're not going to get it from
the network news or the talking head networks. You're just going to get propaganda, fluff, BS and crap.
That's all you're going to get. Right. As far as the American networks are concerned anyway,
you're just going to get a flag waving, flag waving, pom, pom tossing and garbage, which is why,
you know, in Britain at least they're having a big upper or a Tony Blair. They're holding his
feet to the fire and how come you lied to us and you made up all these stories and you embellish
them and told us all of this bull crap when you was all a freaking lie. But here it's like, oh,
what time is that the next reality show on? Reality show. Oh my god.
12 minutes past 11 at 5.60 WQAM. I'll tell you all summer long people like to spend a lot of
time in the yard out on the patio on their barbecue getting their meat heated up and barbecue
scalores will place you on a shop because they have it all for you. And right now they've got an
exceptional selection of grills that you won't find any place else because they're only available
at Barbecue's galore. This week check out their incredible deal on the three burner barbecue chef,
a barbecue's galore exclusive. It cost only $199 with 42,000 BTUs, a 625 inch cooking area,
and a built-in hood thermometer. You can't beat this deal for liquid propane grill, nowhere, no how.
And for you traditionalists out there check out the new beef master charcoal grill and other
barbecue's galore exclusive. It's only $199 as well with more than 600 squirts as a cook in space,
cast iron cooking grills and adjustable fire grate and a full width ash catcher. Both of these
grills will make a perfect gift for Father's Day so check them out this weekend. And speaking of
Father's Day, Barbecue's galore has got great gift ideas for dad and all price ranges,
many under 50 bucks if you dad is like kind of mediocre. Barbecue's galore carries the
biggest selection of barbecue's accessories including gas, charcoal, smokers, tailgate supplies,
all at the guaranteed lowest prices and be sure to take advantage of no payment, same as cash
financing until January 2004 on approved credit at Barbecue's galore. Two south Florida
locations for you. They're in plantation and university driving a fountain shopping center
and also you'll find them in Coral Springs Corner sample and Rock Island. Please keep in mind
they're great folks to do business with. They've got it all everything you're looking for for
Barbecue's galore.
My, my, and local. This is sports real by sick.
You ain't way too way.
Oh, you're so old. Now usually I don't do this, but let me tell you a little bit about the
wheels that I drive to work in. Now I'm not trying to be rude, but you can really get screwed
by those dealers trying to sell you automobile brand new. See, I don't need the fancy grills,
all those new cosmetics. I've had my baby 20 years shifting on those stripped out gears
to the hongo and the hongo. It got a four on the floor. It got all four of its doors,
but not a hell of a lot more. It needs a brand new ignition. It got a broken transmission.
It got some holes in the body. It got front and rear fenders. Missing leaks like a ton of a gun,
but I'm like so hot across. It's a piece of, you know what, baby, but at least it's paid for.
That's an honor of a motorboy's great car and that he's got air conditioning in now.
Let's hear it. He's really moving up in the world. Woo-hoo. Yeah, he's dangerous now. He's got AC
in that piece of crap. See, I thought he should go down to hell and he would have talked to me.
If he would have talked to me, I should have. He got another station sponsor though.
Who's that? Power 96. Oh yeah. No, what's the name of the place? The
hongo, Rick case hongo. Right, this is another one of our stations. He's had another station,
so that's why I was like looking like a part of another station sponsors. 258 votes on
pull number one. How would you rate your parents in honor of fathers days someday? Both parents
grade 125, 40 and a half percent. Both okay, 54. Mother good father lame 38. Both the
zaster 30 and father good mother lame only 11. See? A lot of good mothers out there. Fathers.
Here's a facet to speak of the fast and furious Vin Diesel's coaster. Paul Walker gave the
worst acting performance I've ever seen. He's like the new piano reaves. One part stoner, one part
stone. My vote is for Paul Walker in the fast and furious and what is that? And two fast,
two furious to get off. Okay, well, the fast and furious is good enough. Paul Walker got it.
Got it. Nobody wrote that down. Madonna's not doing too well. A lot of hostility. Any movie with
Madonna and JLo, you know it's going to suck right off the bat. In fact, some of them have been
so bad that they won't even release them in the theaters. Right. Especially JLo, her and Ben
Aflac and everybody's going, oh yeah, right. I believe you guys. They're getting a big plantation
in in Georgia somewhere in Atlanta or outside of Atlanta. And there's going to be like two houses
under plantation. She's going to be living in one. He's going to be living in the other one. And
then there's like a guest house for Matt Damon. Madonna and Shanghai surprise. Are we going to put
all these Madonna ones down? That's not. Well, why not? And it probably is difficult to discern.
You have to be a real movie buff to be able to differentiate between like which was the
all-time worth. But that's what the essence of the poll. All right. Sweeped away.
Shanghai surprise. We already got body of evidence. Who's that girl?
Bloodhounds have brought way. The next best thing and dangerous. Where are you going? Come back,
Carlos. Where are you going? What? How about just Madonna and any movie? No, that's not the poll.
See, again, he's trying to change it. No, no. He's trying to be able to type these or answer the
phone. He can't do both. Well, I thought you're writing these down. I'm writing them down,
but he has to type them up. They don't. But this poll doesn't go up until noon. He's got plenty of
time. Just relax. Just take a chill pill, okay? Or take a purple one like Sarah would do. Just relax.
God. You're starting to get a little bit like Eric now. And I understand you got a lot of other
more important fish to fry. Don't forget we want lots of extra bacon in there. In fact,
we can have like Niels diner in there next week when I'm there. We'll bring it grill. Yeah,
we'll bring we get barbecue. So Lord, we're bringing a grill. We'll grill in Cybert's, of course,
as highly illegal. But what are we here? Oh, I got a little bit of grill at home. In fact,
I'm probably the people in our neighborhood think that the new Pope is being picked because
they'll be like smoke coming out of the top of the building. But that's okay, because we got
the fire department right down the street. Nobody cares about us. Boy, they must hate us like poison.
Yeah, we have like a for real fire alert about a year or two years ago and at the end of that
in that building. And the bells are ringing and the whistles are going off and the lights are
flashing and they never showed up. They're busy playing Pinochled on the street there. They were
watching it though with binoculars and laughing. Yeah, they were going like, oh, right.
Maybe they just don't like sports. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a 80 or maybe they just don't
like the Marlins. That might be it since this station is so freaking Marlin intensive.
Here's Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah, your movie intensive again. I guess.
Can I tell you? Okay. Worst performance has to be Elizabeth Barkley in show group.
Berkeley. Berkeley, I'm sorry. With that. Okay. Let me ask you a question. You're always talking
in the movies, but if always English movies are English speaking movies. Do you ever get into
foreign films or? You mean foreign films with subtitles? Yeah, such as. I don't know. There's a lot
like Spanish movies, lob desire, all those kind of movies. No, I want to do it real well. That's
a really interesting. No. Okay. But yeah, whatever her last name is has to be one of the worst.
Barkley, Berkeley. Okay. Pal, we got you there. Now what was that the Italian movie?
That very famous Italian movie that I finally saw here a few weeks ago. My life. No, you know,
huh? Like the one about the cinema, the cinema birdie show. That's the one. That was a good movie.
Yeah, depressing. Mm-hmm. That was pretty good. Had PP in it. PP?
Any movie with PP in it can't be all that bad. And then, and like I said before,
I mentioned that yesterday. But then again, that's a Fag movie. Somebody can watch a Fag movie on that.
It transcends a Fagory transcends five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T
in Verizon Wireless line speaking of Verizon Wireless. Don't forget. Join Joe Castello in order to
give him a big buildup, especially since he's not getting the dolphin tickets. Break it to him gently.
Oh, he's probably on his way driving it right now. You know what? He's probably just bitching me
out and muttering under his breath. Cleansion his teeth grinding his teeth like Sarah.
So, what caused Joe? He got a lot, you know, how many two, three years in a row at least?
Maybe more than maybe four. That I give him those dolphin season tickets, which I was pleased to do,
because he's a good guy and he gets underpaid and gets treated like crap. But he's got his own show
now and he's a superstar and he will get that five to six hour back once a forever gets more
out of the building, which the way it sounds like soon. Boy, Gildi, we're not too sure if you'd tune
this delay. Gildi was a no show this morning. He was a wall. He just said, I'm not coming in.
Not I'm sick. Not the wife has got the flu. Not the kid is crap in their pants. But I'm just not
coming in for his pants. Is it in the boy he's got? Yes, Jake. Jake with his snake. So the anticipation
is now the speculation is that Gildi may have flown the coop. That's what for all is starting
anyway. And of course, if that's the case, it might just be because of this five to eight thing,
because Gildi is sharp enough to see the handwriting on a wall, whereas Moe continues being in denial.
You know, I guess when you get in your 80s, you start denying a lot of things. Anyway,
you'll be noone to two at the Verizon Wireless 329 Arthur Gaffey Road Mime Beach. Stop by and
console him. In fact, maybe bring him some dolphin tickets. That would be good. And we got our
usual two enterprises and some free Marlins tickets. Here's a call from Papa. No, hello.
Papa. No, yes, sir. Yeah. I got the worst picture and the worst performance ever in history.
Yeah, Frank, Frank Sinatra in the mid 40s when the MGM and first signed him, they had to put them
into something. They put them into the thing called the gay culture or the gay Cavalierre or
something like that. They dressed them up like Zorro, put a patient a mustache on his face,
and he spoke with a Mexican accent. Oh, I got to see that. I mean, I mean, look it up in your book.
I understand that he spent a small fortune trying to buy the rights to it and picking up all
the prints and everything. It is the worst that you've ever seen. Okay, we got you down.
Okay, thanks. Thanks. I'm looking it up now.
You're supposed to make some sound.
Oh, I did. Oh, jeez. Scooted up. Oh, no. Scoot up the thing. The thing.
Well, I described the made a misprint on here. Okay. I'm just got to put in Frank Sinatra movies.
Okay. Because I just put on Sinatra and we'll get a bunch of this stuff that passed for music,
even though it never was. Compare prices on Sinatra DVDs.
Find Frank Sinatra movies. Okay, here we go. MovieTaggery.com.
That's entertainment. Some came running. It happened in Brooklyn. Never so few.
Paris-Wennett Sizzles anchors away. Van Rien's express from here to eternity in the tender trap.
I don't know when he's talking about soundness list. So during the break, I'll scour. Okay, because it's obviously not on.
In fact, it might be my maybe he did buy it up. Maybe it doesn't exist anymore. What do you say the name for was?
I forgot. Oh, oh, here it is. I forgot.
5.670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Any how you doing? Pretty good.
Actually, I think two colors back together called about a little bit sparkly.
Right.
Two girls. Really bad performance.
And there was a movie. I'm a big Robert Downey Jr. fan.
But those were movies that he did that he plays like a serial killer.
That is gotta be the worst acting. You can't believe him as a serial killer at all.
It looks like a druggy. And you're expecting to be intimidated by a dog.
What a surprise.
And I think it's a I think it is a sturdy foster and he has like apples in the movie. It's a crazy movie.
But it's really bad movie though.
Okay, let me let me while how am I going to know the name of the body?
I guess it's not a duty foster. It's something with dreams in it.
I forget.
He dreams. He's just generally bad.
Well, something with dreams. Well, I'll check those both through in the break.
Just relax. We'll get them both.
We'll get this in after one in a Robert Downey Jr. one.
Because I don't want Bonerboy to have to check it out.
Because he's he's overburdened already.
He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a full plate in there.
27 past 11 at 5.60 QAM.
Coming up tonight, on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
They were a very weird band.
But they were from Canada. So there you go.
They were crash test dummies.
I never thought I could get into music, you know.
Back then, growing up in Winnipeg, there weren't many places.
We'll arrive there. This interview's over.
What the hell?
Inside the behind's cameras kept rolling.
As an irate George W. Bush, dressed in some half-assed uniform,
which suggested that he himself had actually fought in the war,
stormed into our studios.
Winnipeg, huh? That's in Canadian, ain't it?
Lots of French people in Canadian, ain't there?
Well, as a matter of fact, Winnipeg does have the largest French-speaking
population in the Western part of Canada, but I don't see how that...
Shut up with your French talk.
But I'm speaking English, ain't it?
That's how you fool us.
Lazy French people.
What they ever do for us.
Well, they helped you win a couple of wars.
Gave you the stature of liberty.
They're bunch of losers.
They don't even shower, and their women don't shave their underarms.
Damn, I wish they had some oil.
I'd bomb their French asses.
Look, Mr. Bush, I'm with the crash test dummies.
We're just trying to do an interview here.
And another thing, the name of your band is now the Freedom Dummies.
We don't even have the word pensioner name, eh?
It's close enough.
Freedom dummies.
You hear me?
Whatever, eh?
The crash test...
I mean, the Freedom Dummies.
If you don't like it, it's tough luck.
It's a big, juicy, shopping-wet-looking show business tonight.
On inside the behind.
That W, he sure knows his dummies, you know?
It wasn't 32 or 5.
Sixty-now-the-yes, and after thing, I couldn't find the one he's talking about.
Because he said it right.
He called first, huh?
I don't think it exists.
Gays something, and the only one that had anything...
There's one movie he made called A Salt on a Queen.
Okay.
Well, he made a crampload of movies, did you know that?
Yeah, I did.
The only ones that I would say that were like,
Manchurian candidate was a great movie.
Yes, it was.
And man with a golden arm.
Never saw it.
Other than that, forget about it.
You didn't like it from here to eternity?
No, I'll pick it.
And the original, um...
Ocean's Leaven wasn't too bad.
Now Robert Downey, Jr.,
you're gonna have to have me with this,
because I don't know.
Wonderboys, I got a list.
They're all bad.
He's bad.
No, no, but that's not the one we're talking about.
There was a specific one this guy called,
they were not doing it.
See, you're doing what the collars do now.
You're trying to change the other thing.
And by the way, to change it, just a more Wonderboys was good.
Weird science.
Chaplain, which wasn't Chaplain.
In Dreams,
Air America,
Chances are...
In Dreams?
There you go.
Let's hear it.
Uh-oh-oh-oh!
See, that wasn't so hard.
Put it down.
56670560,
pound 560 on EAT and T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Father's Day is Sunday.
We're asking today.
How would you rate your parents?
We won't tell them.
309 votes.
Both great.
152.
49.1%.
Both okay, 65.
Mother Good,
Father Lane 47,
47 lame fathers.
Both in a disaster, 33.
And mother Good,
or Father Good,
Mother Lane will need 12, see?
Most of the mothers are not too bad.
George and I, of course, didn't get too lucky, but
that was perfect.
56670560,
pound 560 on EAT and T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Worst acting performance ever
in a movie by an actor actress.
That's it.
It's very simple.
Here's a call from somewhere.
Hello.
Yeah?
Yes, Malphore Drummond says.
Yes, ma'am.
Well, I wasn't for Drummond for me on a whole.
I'm in Orlando now.
I have a good one, George.
I hope George can help me out with it.
It was shot in Miami ahead.
Sharon Stone and it.
It's just alone.
And then a single mafia guy.
That's sliver sliver.
The guy I'm nominating is the old man who is fitting and saying,
you, you stupid.
You know what I mean?
No, I never saw that movie.
And that's Sylvester in it.
Sharon Stone hired Sylvester
to put a hit on this guy.
She got her an hour.
I never saw it.
He's covered in hair and cuba.
Well, we'll put down sliver and then somebody will call
and tell us what you're talking about.
All right.
Well, can I have one more in case if no one remembers that?
Go ahead.
Demi Moore in strip T's.
Okay.
Thanks, Neil.
You got it.
Thanks.
Okay.
Bye.
Demi Demi.
Get it right.
More in strip T's.
Now, here's one.
How do I have forgotten this?
Well, I was so carried away with Godfather
sent a woman, El Pacino.
Not just a bad performance and embarrassingly bad.
He gets an Academy Award for it.
That's the best part to share what political
much of crap that is.
I mean, you talk about overacting and just
bizarre his whole, the whole ambiance of his character,
the whole movie was just unacceptable.
Unacceptable.
We got something on our website.
How about your point?
We got something you want to know
on our website.
Oh, it's up there now.
Something a little squirrely.
Oh, the audience needs to see this.
Let me see.
Oh, God.
Now, let me out.
So this one, the balls aren't swinging.
They're just like, uh,
they're stationary.
Oh, they were swinging.
My aren't swinging.
My balls aren't swinging, man.
No, I didn't know they were swinging at all.
Was that how the original picture turned out?
Yeah, the ball swing.
I need to edit it a different way.
I'm sorry.
Anybody can have balls that just the
uh, the uh, sacked that just hangs down there.
But they have swinging balls.
They'll be swinging.
Is that what more told you that the
Teema? This is the amazing true story.
Moe Howard David, it is in their Tink and Leake
while Beanor Boy is taking his bath in the
sink this morning in a QM T room.
And most is to, uh, he's telling the story
about he, he's coming to work this morning
and he sees this Cuban guy getting
head in his car in a way to work.
In his car?
In the car next to him on a highway.
Shmuck.
And he was obviously obsessed with this because he talked about it at length this morning
from what I heard.
That's about all he was talking about.
He said he was going to, because there was a tie up on 95, he was going to take the
turnpike going home and he was going to see if he could find a Cuban guy, which you
can interpret that any way you want.
Maybe he wanted to be the next in line.
So he's trying to show a beener boy just a look on the guy's face as he looks over
this next car and the guy had a big smile on his foot as he's getting ahead as he's
driving to work.
Now what did he say to you?
Look, look.
And I was like looking down at the sink.
He's like, no, he's standing.
He's standing at the urinal taking a leak saying, look, look.
And I'm like, no, I get it.
I get it.
He's like, no, no, you've got to look.
See, if I'm standing there and Moa's standing, look, my thought is, I don't think so.
I don't think so.
Yeah.
So the gallery of the weird, the squirrely Moa is right next to the Mozo, which you can
pick your whichever one you like the best.
And I have a feeling you'll be able to know what's that thing underneath it there.
Yeah, I got to put that picture back.
I must have taken it down by accident.
What, the feral picture?
Right, because I resized it.
Yeah, make his package a little bit smaller.
Okay, it's too intimidating for most of the rest of us.
Pedro Miami says, here's one Nicholas Cage in Con Air.
It was so bad that it made Kiana Reeves in Dracula look good.
Wow, thanks Pedro.
Got that down.
Nicholas Cage in Con Air.
Got it.
Nicholas Cage was worse than face off with John Travolta.
Well, put it down.
Nicholas Cage in John Travolta.
Oh my god.
Mm-hmm.
I'd rather watch the rest of the train spotting for a second before I'd watch that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
We promised this is our last movie show, at least until Monday.
We've been overdoing this for like the last year or four weeks now, very movie intensive.
And we apologize, don't we?
No.
Don't we want to apologize to the audience for getting like two one dimensional?
No.
We don't want to do that.
We'd rather give away some Marlon tickets.
It'll take for all of our another week and then he'll understand.
In fact, once they come back home and he starts going to a few more games and realizes
that he's got his own section.
Yeah.
He'll begin to realize, and especially once we get to the dog days of July and August,
when it's 100 reasons to shade the mosquitoes or his biggest baseballs and they're
ain't nobody there.
He'll start saying, gee, I think this was a bad move on my poor killer for hopping on this gland wagon.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, my name is Rosemary, first of all.
Hi, Rosemary.
I have a request for you.
Can you play in my religion as better than your religion?
Any special reason?
My wife says it's a good song and I want to hear it.
Okay, Rosemary, you got it.
All right, thanks a lot, Neil.
Have a great weekend.
You too, honey.
Bye-bye.
See, another woman wanted something.
Right, I just mentioned that in passing.
I'll be glad to play it for you.
It's a great bit.
Yesterday, though, just coincidentally, but I'll be delighted to play it, but another female
caller who wanted something.
We're supporting you five to see you.
2 a.m.
Hammer.
The hammer.
Hey, Goldberg.
How many games did he miss in the last three years?
I'll give you an over under a 12 for a thousand dollars.
I'll say over 12.
Hey, me.
Hey, me.
Hey, me, me, homie.
Hey, hey, hey.
Support for you five to 60.
2 a.m.
You're a bastard.
3 a.m.
es like that.
I guess this part was implicitlyopian.
IRL but this piece, cues, and music.
I'm religion's better than your religion.
I religion's better than yours.
But we like about it best.
I find the boys in wear red dress.
I religion's better than your mother-o-sook.
God!
I religion's better than yours.
I religion's better than yours.
I should think of it.
We had no respect for women.
Driver, time to make a living.
I religion's better than yours.
I religion's better than yours.
I religion's better than yours.
I human heart for us wooby-goosuh.
We slaughter pigs and drop in votes.
I religion's better than yours.
I religion's better than yours.
I religion's better than yours.
We lotonies, I can tell their temper.
I religion's better than yours.
My religion is better than your religion.
My religion is better than yours.
We not endorse a bother like overbrushed,
to spew our views.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We wear ties and ride our bikes and gets to marry lots of wives.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We don't want to use our brains for pointless living,
so we're late.
My religion is better than yours.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Good old time, religion, baby.
That's what's doing.
And we got that road map to peace.
Oh, we love each other.
11.45, 15.til noon at 5.60.
QM 347 votes on poll number one.
How would you rate your parents?
And I think we're proven our point.
Are we not?
Yes, we are.
Both great 175.
That's over 50% of this audience.
Oh, right.
That's herod.
Lucky bastards, because you can pick your nose.
You can fit seeds out of your ass, but you can't pick your parents.
Both great 175.
Both okay 70.
Mother good, father lame 54.
Both of disaster 36.
Ma.
And father good mother lame only 12.
See that 54 to 12?
54 to 12.
With a good mother and a really crappy father.
A lame father, an emotional cripple.
A basket case.
A cold as ice stone man.
A piece of turd.
A distant nasty miserable hostile prick.
You got it?
I think we made the point.
Yeah, we got it.
So is worthwhile.
And in the meantime, we're building the other pull.
We should go up at noon.
It'll be up on air all weekend long.
The worst acting performance ever in a movie was.
And so far we got Eli Wallach, Godfather 3.
Sophia Coppola, Godfather 3.
Bo Derek and Tarzan.
What's the name of that movie with Tarzan?
What?
Tarzan the ape man.
Oh, hey, then, Christensen, poor little Hayden.
Come on, Hayden.
Let me pat you on the head.
It'll be everything will be okay.
Star Wars 2.
Darryl Hanna, in Clanda the cave bear.
And then you've got the rest of the list.
Oh, geez.
Well, that's the only ones that wrote down.
You say you don't have to write them down.
So, thus, there's the load in rhinestone.
Tom Hanks and Jovers of the volcano.
Nicholas Cage and Moonstruck.
Now, wait a minute.
Wow.
Now, why are you reading the...
See, this is like what you do with the spots for treasure violence.
Like you're making an announcement.
Do you understand?
Corny.
I'm trying.
Yeah, exactly.
An affected voice.
Why can't you read the rest of the list just the same way you were talking to me before that?
I'm trying to give you like a little broadcast etiquette here.
Okay, don't be cute.
Just read them.
Like in your natural voice.
In fact, maybe you want to read them in Pharrell's voice.
Oh, yeah.
Then down on the fast and the furious.
It was neither of the above there.
I should kill him.
Neon Kazam.
He's not making enough money.
He has to make Kazam.
I can't do reason the matrix.
Reloaded.
Or either one of them, I guess.
Madonna, on a long list of these movies,
I only wrote half of them down.
So Venus, boy, you got the right body of evidence,
sheying high, swept a hoos of blood.
Elizabeth, Berkeley, and showgirls.
I didn't know anybody was supposed to be acting in that.
Presidents after we're never going to find out the name of that other movie.
Robert Downey, Jr.
Whatever.
In dreams.
Nicholas Cage, Conair, Demi Mordes.
Oh, sorry.
Demi Mordes, Triptes, Al Pacino, and Stench of a Woman.
And Nicholas Cage and get that face off.
Now, I just want to ask Bonerboy if he agrees with me.
When you do that voice, not only you sound better,
but you all of a sudden you acquire the same
that Ferell personality.
You're actually funny.
He's infectious.
Oh, my God.
Am I right?
Yeah, he forgets to be himself.
Right.
But he becomes, he's morphing into a Ferell Jr.
I should see it as a visual thing, too.
Many Ferell.
In fact, probably when his package grows a little bit.
You should see it.
Okay, let's see.
Now, Silver Chair, it was at the name of that movie.
So I'll sliver.
We don't know.
For real.
She wanted the name of the old guy in it.
I won't ever find it.
It's never a movie that is about a hotel and one of the...
Yeah, it's a Picking Tom movie.
Really?
That has nothing to do with it.
Picking through the P hole.
Is that in there?
In other words, we have absolutely no idea what movie she was talking about.
Well, she gave us the Demi Mordes to cover her ass.
So we got that on there.
Got it?
Did you do that when you went on the...
Did you do a set of old movies?
I don't know with Al Pacino.
Yes, I did.
I called it Stenchable Woman though.
Oh, it was...
I don't care what...
How do I keep doing that?
I don't care how anybody tries to tell you that that's a good movie.
In fact, I wish you would see it.
I've been begging you to see that.
Then you'll say, how can that be anybody?
Can't it be an award for that?
I don't want to.
What a performance.
And talk about an ending.
At the end of the movie, he goes back home to...
I don't know if it's his wife or his sister.
I don't know who the hell it is.
Because we never find out.
And he goes and he walks in and he's like this...
...commudedly nasty prick who wanted to kill himself
and everybody hates him and he's like...
I don't know, he just wanders in and that's it.
They don't tell us who it is or what the relationship...
I mean, that's it.
And you say, oh, thank God it's over anyway.
We don't need a good ending.
Just an ending would be good enough.
Awful movie.
Here's a cop from Jupiter.
Hello.
Daniel.
Yes, sir.
George is getting pretty good at that for Elle, boys.
That's fair.
I think that's magnificent.
It sure is how beats just be in George.
I tell you what, speaking of for Elle,
that crossover segment that you do when you talk to each other...
Yeah.
...the other one predictable and off the wall.
I mean, I tune in just to make sure I catch that every day.
Great.
You think we ought to do that every day?
Because crossovers can maybe are generally...
Huh?
I love it every day.
Okay.
And a nomination for the poll.
Yes, sir.
17-year-old nephew who was living with me.
I think he got this movie for spank material.
It was so bad.
It was Britney Spears in the movie Crossroads.
She was awful.
I mean, it was embarrassing.
I was embarrassed for her.
Okay.
If she couldn't lip that, I mean,
it was so bad to see on the description.
You wish she could lip-think her movie part.
We got it, Pallie.
Thanks.
She got it for some...
Mucky spank in material.
And why not?
A Britney's in it.
Why?
We also got the name of Silvice Estelona, Sharon Stone movie.
Really?
Yeah, we got a lot of facts.
I just had it to him.
Sean got it.
Oh, you got it?
All right.
The specialist.
The specialist.
Oh, that was awful.
And you're supposed to...
Did you see it?
I didn't see it.
I didn't even.
It's a Silvester's God.
No, that's exactly.
That's why I didn't see it.
I wouldn't watch a movie with him in it
if you paid me by the second.
Oh, you mean you haven't seen Rocky?
Well, it's been on TV about 40 million times.
And every time it comes on,
I see about two seconds.
And that's how long it takes me to change the channel.
Now, if that is something...
If somebody needs to explain that to Manor,
there's a lot of really stupid people out there.
There's a lot of people who admire dumbness
because they feel it's like they can relate to it
like the president.
But, I mean, how can you watch him?
And take him serious.
And from what I understand,
he really believes he's a great actor.
He really believes his own bushman.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
He's the best.
But, like I said, there's a lot of dumb people out there.
What's wrong with making dumb movies for dumb people?
Everybody's gonna have something.
Just like they're all said about Britney.
Everybody's gonna have some monkey-spanking movies.
Although, generally speaking,
if you're gonna get a monkey-spanking movie,
might as well get one more somebody's really doing it.
Yeah, those are skaky ass nasty-looking people, though.
Not necessarily.
You're just getting the wrong ones.
The recently departed Rod Stiger played the over-the-top Cuban mafia patriarch
in the Specialist.
Well, I think I did see that.
Or at least a bit of it.
For the action, imagine Tony Montana at 75 years old.
James Wood is the hypersensitive former CIA assassant
not to be missed, says Sean.
PS, the worst performance must be Christopher Lambert
in Greystroke, Legend of Tarzan, Lord of the Aces.
Apes.
Did a fine job acting like a monkey, I thought?
Since he makes Steven Seagal look like Sir Lawrence Olivier.
Oh, no.
That's very important.
Nobody can make Steven Seagal look like anything but a piece of crap.
Crash.
Doesn't belong on the screen.
Yeah.
How about what's it?
Oh, and you know what?
I never got that other movie.
Well, there's a whole bunch of mine I've never got.
But the one with what's his name that I can't stand
from the post encounters of the third kind,
which you drive out of.
Mr. Holland's penis.
Never got that.
What was it called?
Mr. Holland's Opus?
No.
The one that they said was so funny that we'd pee in our pants.
Oh, the horse racing movie?
Let it run.
Yeah.
Let it run.
I'll never get it.
I'm not getting the movie with Richard Dreyfus.
He just bugs me.
I don't like him.
And it's not just because of that one.
I just don't like the whole of his whole ambiance.
He's just too, I don't know.
He's a melodramatic actor.
Just like the actor who played in that Port noise complaint.
That real stereotypical, juie guy.
And what was his name?
I never thought Port noise complaint.
Oh, where he was a screw in the box of liver.
Oh, you'd like that.
No, hey, as a matter of fact,
tell Clarence that something ought to practice over the weekend in Omaha.
And then when it gets back, because they got, you know,
they're famous for the great meat in Omaha.
He said that he likes to be so much he's going to take him home as a trophy
and mount him in the living room.
5667-0560-
Pound 560.
Every time I talk about that, I start envisioning it, you know?
And I can actually, some things you say that are so off the wall,
and you just never could imagine it.
But I can imagine that.
I don't want to.
And I think they'd like it.
That's the scary part.
I think that you're talking about two guys who are so desperate.
Clarence just turned 30s, never got laid.
Never even got close to being laid.
You know?
Because at least to get laid, you have to get some,
a little bit of somebody's clothes off.
Unless there's just a dry hump, you know?
He never even got close.
The closest he came was chewing on some nice young lady's elbow,
and I was the end of that.
And then the beast, I mean, he's, you know,
he'll tell you stories, you know?
I'm like Robert Creeper.
He'll tell, I'm not a virgin.
I'm not a virgin.
See, blow up towels don't count, Robert.
He's got that janitor, we know blow up towel.
He hates her.
She's a Democrat.
That's what I'm saying.
That's why he's trying to kind of like a thing from the exorcist.
376 votes on your parents with five days a day this Sunday.
This is our Proof of Point Pull.
383.
How would you rate your parents?
Both grade 193, over 50%.
That's good.
I think that shows you why our audience is so well balanced, you know?
Both okay, 77.
Mother good, father lame, 17.
Mother, father good, mother lame, 17.
57 to 17.
And both of us asked you 39.
Oh, poor babies.
39 with two bad, no wonder some of us are so dysfunctionally, you know?
Yeah.
I'm not seriously.
See, my life could have been, not that I'm complaining, I'm doing pretty good for a, for a schmuck.
But it could have been so different.
But the problem being that based on my upbringing, you can't complain about my social skills because I don't have any.
Oh, it built character, you know?
When you have a heart attack.
No, sir, you didn't hear what I just said.
I can't complain about my social skills because I don't have any.
Oh, come on.
What?
You know how to, you have table manners and whatnot.
I'm not talking about etiquette.
There's an difference between social skills which mean interacting with other people.
And etiquette, which is like, you know, don't slumber too much all over the table.
And walk around with your, all your lunch on your shirt like fat rich.
Oh my god, you're so stupid.
This is your 20-year bicycle.
You weigh, yeah.
This is Steve Goldstein.
But you can call me Kelsey.
Whenever I'm in town, I listen to, wait a minute, I am in town.
It's the 12-to-1 hour.
Bye!
Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve
Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Farmier, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve,loud,
Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve, Steve,ramatic, creative song,
hours for Alternon, which I got misspelled even I know that.
Alternon. And what's the name of the actor? Do you have any?
It says Adam Stanyers. I don't know who that is. Cliff Robertson was the
the star. Yeah. I didn't I don't remember anything wrong with that movie.
Anybody being terrible in it. And I'm looking I'm not going to waste any more time
because I've been looking and looking and looking and the one that keeps coming up
here is that must have been made for TV movie of it. And all these other people
were in it not Adam nobody. And anything that says with John Wayne.
Well that's good. I'm going to agree with that but we've got to have an
movie. Here's one that says the worst performance ever William Shatner
and then say Schmittner as Kirk in Star Trek.
I can't disagree with that. I mean in terms of putting it down.
Are we going to pick one Star Trek in particular? Why do you go right ahead?
Star Trek the first masturbation. Is that the one you like?
Star Trek the motion picture the first one. I mean whatever.
Okay. William Shatner and Star Trek.
We just put down Star Trek because they're the same in all room.
Same stiff you know affected William Shatner and Star Trek.
5 6 7 0 5 60 point. Now let's get the new pull up there.
Okay. Here's the final result on the apparent pool.
Oh we need one more vote to get to 400. I like a nice even number.
One more. Come on. You can do it. I'm refreshing it. I'm looking. I'm waiting.
I'm waiting. Come on. Like I said 403. How about you rate your parents?
Both grade 202 50.1%. Both okay. Not great but okay 82.
About 20% out 20. Mother good father Lane 60.
Both parents are the Zaster 40 and a good father but a Lane mother.
Oh there's nothing worse than a Lane mother.
We have any of those at QAM 19.
So 60 bad fathers only 19 Lane mothers. See it plus 40 you say both of them stumped like...
What's his name like Remus? 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and T.
And for Rise of Marlos Lane don't forget our close personal buddy Joe Castell.
He used to be our friend who I said I was going to give the ball.
I can think it's to be an avoid this year. Well maybe you'll split him up with him.
Huh? He'll share. I was thinking of giving him giving him some of them.
And then you thought why would I do that when I could sell him?
Right. Right. Well by give I may see I'm giving him to you and then you do whatever you want with him.
You know what I'm saying?
Now give me those parking passes through those purple parking passes.
See I have a feeling that he's probably going to want to sell on them.
Some of them.
Probably get some good bucks. We get some right on here.
We can auction them off and say it's for our favorite charity.
We got a bit of it. Right.
5 6 7 0 5 60 are pull questions today.
Who do you like to regular George or the Feral Junior George?
We already did that one time.
Yeah. And the Feral Junior George won by a mile.
You better practice up on that because you're going to have to have a whole summer doing that.
To home.
You better start drinking like a lot of tea with honey and lemon.
Other like inhaling those stars.
Yeah. That's supposed to inhale them but I think I'm going to have to.
Now just to keep my voice.
How long do you think he talked like that since that this is real voice?
How long?
What age did he develop there?
Well you couldn't have possibly had that all his life.
You've been up from the age of 12.
When I had that urban sign accident one of my friends said this was scotch.
I'll tell you one thing when his not strapped.
Must have been like a guy they're earthquake.
Let's see Brad Pitt is an IRA terrorist in the devil's own was easily the worst attempt at acting in the history of cinema.
His pathetic effort at portraying a terrorist with Irish descent was so appalling that I personally went on strike against the whole industry for six months.
If it was anyone else their career would have been blacklist until they were buried lucky for him even though he's had a sexual guy.
I think he's pretty.
He is pretty.
Even some of us homeless well he was.
Also any Ben Affleck movie should do well on your pool.
This isn't a movie but David Schwimmer and band of brothers almost destroyed the entire series.
And it says dig Lemouski is hilarious that Tina Borky's trying to talk me out of.
I'm going to go out and give it today and maybe even watch it tomorrow.
How do you like that?
Chad, don't miss it.
Hey listen it can't be any worse than train spotting.
Train spotting was a masterpiece of a movie.
Oh please how could anybody you know I'm giving Joe Castello those dolphin tickets for a long time now it's kind of like a tradition.
And I have a feeling you're trying to like talk your way out of them.
You really mean that the train spotting was a masterpiece of a movie.
Even for non fecal freaks.
Also in other words you're admitting that you're a fecal freak is that what you're trying to say now?
They call this cat man it over.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean here is a guy I think we're under for all secret.
I think you brought him out of the closet.
I think that once you anybody anybody puts on that voice and people that weren't even mildly amusing before are now all of a sudden they're a panic.
Chad, I know.
Those people are evil.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Here's a call from Daytona Beach.
Hello.
Hey, yes sir.
Fight for the after movie was called the kissing bandit.
Okay.
That guy wasn't close with Catherine Grace and absolutely the worst.
But you know what would have made him a sex of a woman a good movie if while he's driving blind that they both got killed.
That's your one of sure enough a little bit.
A good movie.
Alright.
I agree.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Okay.
See ya.
He's right.
Yeah, he was driving a Ferrari test driving a Ferrari.
Blind man.
And Chris O'Donnell is telling him.
Oh, take a sharp left here.
I mean, it's so it's just so preposterous and it's in New York, no less.
But there's nobody on the streets.
There's no cars parked alongside the curb.
There's just all these empty streets.
There's no traffic in the middle of the day.
Just coincidentally, there happens to be no traffic and he's flooring it.
I don't want to say it's just a little bit ludicrous.
Okay.
Just a little bit outrageous.
The whole premise and everything.
Yeah.
And then the best one of the best parts of the movie.
I'll spoil it for you.
Because I'll avoid the wasting your time seeing it.
Is when he takes this, this, this war, this marine hero who's now a daughtering fool.
And they take him in the limo.
And Chris O'Donnell's sitting outside in limo while he's in the, the whorehouse trying to get laid and he can't get it up.
And comes out real sad, you know.
That, that to me was one, I think that was very appropriate for the whole ambiance.
Awful.
Just brutal.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Last night was the MTV Movie Awards.
It was?
Yeah.
They've been replaying it for a week.
Oh, in other words, it's a week old.
Yeah.
Like I said, last night MTV showed the movie awards again.
I thought it was actually a, oh, what the hell do I know?
Right.
They actually had some funny pieces.
Oh, I didn't see a funny piece.
I saw a part where they were trying to be funny with Will Smith and I forget who the other shfarter was on it with him.
And it was so pathetic.
It was the comedy movie award and then luckily Austin Powers won it.
Mike Myers, which is great.
But they were trying to be funny and the funny thing was that they both set a line and then he said July 18th.
Right.
Yeah.
Did you see that?
Yeah, I saw that part.
And that was, and then we're yorking up.
Oh, my God.
Will Smith marries Laura.
He makes me gag up the food that I've eaten years ago.
Oh, for a scud missile while they're both on stage.
Oh, my God.
Jesus.
Good God.
All my, and of course if you say that, that makes your racist if you don't like Will Smith.
I don't dislike him because he's black.
I love Morgan Freeman.
I love Denzel Washington, although I can't tell him from the other even a one's old enough to be the other one's grandpa.
But, uh, but, oh, Will Smith.
Then you'd really enjoy seeing him.
I'm going to be in the next six degrees of separation starring.
Will Smith.
Oh, gag me with a prune.
Here's a call from Bokas speaking of prunes.
Hello.
Good one.
Okay.
That was an elk whistle.
That must have been Mo with the phone stuck up his leg.
Don't bag.
Mo phone.
The mo phone.
Oh, don't forget.
Get to our website, please.
All I'm already going to vote.
The new poll is up there.
Look at this.
There's going to be a lot of choices on here.
I'm going to vote for the very first one because I'm the one that stuck it on there.
Eli Wallack.
I don't care what you say.
He may slice the loan, look like a Gregory Peck.
He, at least in that movie.
I'm not saying Eli Wallack was always a bad actor, but that performance.
It was just mind blowing.
Please eat the cannoli faster.
Eli eat a couple of them.
They're really good.
Okay.
We got some votes on there already, but just a smattering.
The new poll is up.
The worst acting performance.
I'm saying again, don't confuse the worst actor or actress, which isn't necessarily so.
Because you sure as hell wouldn't say Eli Wallack is the worst actor in history by far.
No, no.
But in that particular performance we make an exception.
It was just indescribable.
And Sophia, you're almost, I mean, even though I put her on there, she's got a couple of votes.
You're almost reluctant because she's not a real actress anyway.
She just happened to be right there with a family.
Right.
Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello.
I just wanted to tell you that the name of the obnoxious Jewish guy is Richard Benjamin.
Richard Benjamin, he makes me sick.
He made me sick too and many things.
But I wanted to ask you, what is the name of that British actor that's in a lot of things.
He was in that like Rio de Janeiro movie and he was like Michael Cain.
Michael Cain, his worst performance ever.
Not that he's a horrible actor, but he's a great actor.
He's a great actor.
But when he tried to play a southerner in hurry sundown many, many years ago,
it was a southerly accident.
It was unbelievable.
It was a horrible performance.
I won't put it down.
Okay.
I mean, a lot of people are going to remember that though.
Okay.
You're welcome.
One is good enough.
Thanks a lot.
All right.
You're welcome.
Hi.
Michael Cain and sundown.
I see the bad accents, I mean, forget about it, the whole movie, which I was reading a review on.
What's that Robin Williams' main statement movie?
Good little hunting.
And aside from the fact that Robin Williams eventually breaks into his usual stale routine,
aside from that fact, the soft Boston accents are so bad in there.
I think that's in my big bone book, the bone book.
It says, well, Matt Damon's bone is so bad in there.
Speaking about Michael Cain movie, I do like Matt Damon Lato.
Yes.
I think I got a weiner.
You got a weiner?
Jaws IV.
I forgot what the woman's name is.
The mother of all the jaws is in Jaws IV.
She's the shark mother?
Well, no.
Mama shark.
Mama shark.
I'm going to find out her name, but that has to be one of the worst performances by any actor.
Okay.
One moment please.
Jaws IV.
20.
Now, she and all the jaws is?
Yes.
Oh.
Here's the 25th anniversary collectors edition when you like maybe George will buy it for you.
For your birthday, retroactive.
And I'm clicking on it and I'm clicking on it.
You know what really frost my ass when you're doing a search and you get a pop up bad?
Is that supposed to happen?
Huh?
Oh, seriously?
Is that supposed to happen?
They have ways.
Oh, we have ways?
Okay.
I'll get to it during the break because I don't want to get behind here.
But I got the big shark is on here.
Now, look at that in full color.
And there's some Manaked Broad Swoon on top.
Stark naked naked as a jaybird.
1213 at 560 WDQ and Barbecue's Galore has got an unbeatable selection of grills that you'll only find at their stores.
Nobody else in the universe has them and certainly nobody can match their deals either.
This week check out their incredible deal, unbeatable, on the three burner barbecue chef.
It's a Barbecue's Galore exclusive and it costs you only $199.
It's got 42,000 BTUs, a 625 squirch cooking arena built in Hoet Thermometer.
You can't beat this deal for a liquid propane grill.
For all you traditionalists out there, check out the new Beef Master Charcoal Grill, another Barbecue's Galore exclusive.
It costs you only $199.
With more than 600 squirches of cooking space, cast iron cooking grills, and adjustable fire grate and a full width ash catcher.
Both these grills will make a perfect gift for Father's Day.
So hurry on in there this weekend.
And speaking of Father's Day, Barbecue's Galore has got great gift ideas for Dad.
And that is if you have a good one.
For all price ranges, many of under 50 bucks.
Barbecue's Galore carries the biggest selection of Barbecue's accessory they got everything you need.
They have gas, they have charcoal, they got smokers, they'll get supplies, all of the guaranteed lowest prices anywhere in town.
And when you go into Barbecue's Galore, be sure and take advantage of no payment, same as cash, financing until January 2004 on approved credit.
You'll find stores in plantation, that's on university drive and a prestigious fountain shopping center, and a crawl springs corner sample and rock island roads.
Please keep in mind for all your Barbecue needs this summer and audio round.
Great stores, you love shopping here to people are stupendous. Barbecue's Galore.
My new local, your sports radio five six East, you a, you a, M.
Best of...
Are you a terrorist who started paying outrageous prices for your tools of one-time destruction?
Think of the crazy, optimistic scout terrorism warehouse.
Hey, even though you're a delineged Islamic fundamentalist killing machine, you still know a bargain when you're seeing one.
All we can do is to beat our big car bomb blow on spectacular by a car backed with over 1000 pounds of exposes, hit free air conditioning.
Because when you're getting ready to drive into a building and throw your head off, you want to be cool and comfortable.
How can I do this? I'm crazy. Just like you.
Did they only buy one schemas? Hit five free available in black, red, dark or, and tall.
Because when you're confronting the great state and known as the United States, you want to look sharp.
By pumps, we got the five pumps.
By pumps, free for so much scrap, your evil American targets will be wishling, dixie out the other side of the rest.
Buy one by pumps, hit the set of brass, knock the spree.
Perfect for the next time you get your wife without her veil.
Come on, you face, face, demon, death, face, sludge.
So come to Greece, I can imagine this come terrorism warehouse where we're declaring holy war on prices.
Praise the law!
From 18 to 560 WQM, happy Friday, too, we got the mad dog back from a really rough work week.
It is really been overdoing it this week.
He'll be at the Hooters in Pember Pines today, really finishing out a brutal week, 2 to 4.
Hank Goldberg in a studio 4 to 7, and we got QAM rewound the best of QAM at the 7 to 7 30.
You notice it's a really short show?
Yeah, I noticed that.
Marlins on deck 7 30, Marlins at the Rangers 805, any K after the baseball game ESPN radio overnight.
Here's the first votes on our poll, the worst acting performance ever in a movie.
Oh, and before we get to that, the only female I find on the list of characters, Lorraine Gary.
Is that her?
That's her.
And yours?
Yes.
So we put that on there.
Lorraine Gary and yours?
He did it.
Got it for you.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
560, 7 05 60, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line, the worst acting performance ever in a movie was, and you can vote now, and we'll build up the list.
We're building it.
Shaquille O'Neal in Kazam has got 10.
Well, I'm sure glad I missed that.
But Sophia Coppola on Godfather 3 has got 6 already.
Dad, dad.
I mean, it's like most of the other people in that movie were acting, except for her, Eli Wallach and George Hamilton, the third or fourth or whatever he is.
Okay.
Oh my God.
Sophia's got 6.
Can't or Reeves in the Matrix 5.
Eli Wallach got Father 3's got 4.
Let's hear it.
Oh!
That's my choice.
Vodera can tarz in the 8 man's got 4.
Slice the load and Ryan's stones got 4.
Vin Diesel, the fact in a Furious 3, and also Brittany and crossover's got 3.
And the rest are like, yeah, we're just building it.
We're just getting started.
Just getting our feet wet.
Cross over.
I beg your pardon?
The move on to the Ross roads.
But who might have?
Well, it says, Krunna, whose mistake is that?
Is that Beener Boy's mistake or Eric's mistake?
I have a feeling it's Beener Boy.
Probably was.
Is it your mistake?
I'm sure it was.
Okay, well, there's one pair of tickets that just...
Here's Pompato Beach. Hello.
Pompato Beach.
Speak to me.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I am.
Okay.
If they haven't called us in here and just seen Beetman and Steve.
What's the name of the movie?
Steve.
Speed.
Just seen Beetman.
Okay.
We got you down, pal.
And just seen Beetman wasn't seen.
Hey, up the mill.
Can you do something for me?
Anything you like.
Can you play two joints because the weekend.
Okay, you got him, man.
He just obviously already smoked his.
Because he wasn't in that movie.
No, Sandra Bullock.
Sandra Bullock.
Sandra Bullock.
Sandra Bullock.
Let's not pick on her.
How could she have been done a bad performance?
It was just fine.
A cutesy fine performance.
There was nothing wrong with it.
You know, something that is always the word that comes to my mind.
When I think of Sandra Bullock, cutesy.
And she was even in a movie with Ben Affleck.
The wooden stone-faced Ben Affleck.
And that movie was kind of cute.
I don't know what the name of that movie was.
You know what I'm talking about?
Forces of nature.
Was that it?
I don't know any way.
I'm just trying to say it.
But it was okay.
And not because of him, but because he's cute.
I just like her.
And what was that movie that she was in?
I can never think of the name of her.
She was like in Chicago.
And she met the guy on the guy that almost got killed on the subway.
Oh, I don't know.
He wanted to call him.
Yeah.
And she waited and waited.
And he came out of a coma.
And he had him amnesia.
And he thought that she was his wife or fiance or whatever.
Remember that?
Her whole family.
His whole family thought that.
Right.
I forgot the name of the movie.
Oh, no, no, it was a cute movie.
I like Sandra Bullock.
Let's not pick on her.
Okay.
I would be.
Well, like you said, last time maybe smoked a little bit too much.
Okay.
Maybe he got into some bad crap.
Some unrighteous crap as opposed to the really righteous crap like Damon was getting.
They had a pretty good business going there for a while.
You notice?
No.
Oh, I'm sorry.
See, I just had a store point with George.
What?
When I said that Damon and the Harry had a pretty good business going there.
Oh, yeah, they did.
But.
But yeah, greed kills.
That shoebox started getting in fear and in fear and in fear.
Yeah, that's you.
I mean, if you were like selling drugs, wouldn't you like, and do we ever figure out where it is that they were hiding at shoebox in the closet?
Was it a post office box?
Yeah.
I know it was not in a house or something.
It was like in a something.
Oh, geez.
Everybody knows.
Not good.
I want to clarify once again because George as usual, as you'd expect, if you were to be in a house, you'd be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
I'm not going to be in a house.
That's where everybody who brings in food,
including back in the days of Iran Scott, and those guys,
and everybody else, they put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
They put all that stuff there.
I didn't see it with that voice all day.
I didn't see it with that voice all day.
I didn't see it with that voice all day.
I didn't see it with that voice all day.
I didn't see it with that voice all day.
I didn't see it with that voice all day.
I didn't see it with that voice all day.
I didn't see it with that voice all day.
I didn't see it with that voice all day.
I didn't see it with that voice all day.
I didn't see it with that voice all day.
I didn't see it with that voice all day.
I didn't see it with that voice all day.
I didn't see it with that voice all day.
I didn't see it with that voice all day.
I didn't see it with that voice all day.
I didn't see it with that voice all day.
Oh, let's go.
I'm sure has a interesting package, you know what?
Look, look, I'm sorry, I'm just quoting him from this morning.
His balls ain't swinging yet though, you gonna work on that?
It's a complicated thing but yeah, he's working on it.
Because we got a real battle going on here, we got Squirley Mo against Mozo.
In fact, you know something maybe on Monday, we'll have like our first year we do the
early pull.
Yeah, we'll have a runoff on that and find out which one they liked the better.
Squirley Mo, I think that likes Squirley Mo a little bit better when his packets are swinging
around.
He'll be a little bit more in your face.
As Joe Castello might say, don't forget Joe is out at Verizon Wireless till 2pm, 3.29
I think I've heard Rod Miami beat you look for the QA and Van, he's got some prizes, some
Marlon tickets and he'll be just tickled that to see and say all kinds of nasty things
about me since I'm giving his dolphin tickets to Beener Boy this year.
And especially considering how ugly Beener Boy is the fact that I'm being generous enough
to do that.
Because I'm always the one who gets accused, you know.
Oh, and also don't forget today is the last one over the weekend but they won't be
able to hear about it.
First, remind them about the hot couples contest because the deadline to get your pictures
and any arrangers.com is 10am on Monday.
And then next week we'll be doing the voting all week long, put the pictures up on the
website and people can vote for the hottest couple of them all.
And we got about a dozen, something like that, they're about to.
And there's some pretty interesting people on there but I will say this, it's not like
the first, the last one, right.
We had the models as a couple who you know right off the bat that they were either going
to win or maybe be second at the worst.
Here it's kind of like a level playing field.
Oh my God, it's engineer Holyo, how you doing amigo?
I'm doing good, Neil, how are you?
I'm doing fine except for the fact I'm coming back for a few days but I'll be out of there.
I heard you had phone trouble so I was calling.
You'd be the guy.
What are you doing these days?
I was just calling to number one, say goodbye to you.
And number two, tell you what a pleasure was working all that time with you.
Can we already do this?
Well, not on the air.
Oh, he didn't do it on the air, okay.
No, and let you know I'll be moving on to Phoenix, I picked up a job there.
Excellent, beautiful, anything anywhere that gets out of South Florida can only be moving up in the world.
Oh, you don't understand how happy I am.
I think I do.
Anyways, I just wanted to call and let you know I appreciate it, everything you ever did for me.
And it was great working with you and George and even Carlos.
Well, we appreciate everything you did for us.
This was an engineer who really cared.
He's one of the few people ever walked in that building who cared about doing a good job.
And this studio up here is a testament to you because you did a lot of the work on it there toward the end.
Well, it was my pleasure and as always, I'm proud to do whatever I can.
As a matter of fact, in honor of this call, Julio, after this show, I'm going to go out and write your name and the alley.
Oh, do you think you can also maybe get a dance for me at the Zanzibar?
For 120 bucks.
Yeah.
Good luck, Julio. I've been hearing from you.
Thanks, Julio. Take care.
Bye, Julio.
Bye-bye.
Good guy.
See? To show you, we're not about your hard-hearted bastards.
There's a really good guy, Julio.
Engineering, Julio. We got a job in the finish. He's getting out of South Florida.
He was up here for a couple of days. He discovered every nook and cranny and alley and he's an interesting guy.
We miss him already and look at all the problems we had there immediately upon his following.
But now we got to fix it. You know, fix it's okay. What does he work about one day a month?
Oh, he's here.
You see? Fix it's actually in the building?
Yes.
Well, that's something.
5.670560, 0.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Shaq, I don't think they're going to catch your Shaq. Although Sofia's on his ass.
Shaq has got 22 Shaqille O'Neill for Kazam.
Worst acting performance ever.
Sofia's got 13 for Godfather 3.
Bode Derek tries any 8 man 9.
See, I mean, and that's interesting because ordinarily you wouldn't want to be picking on Bode Derek and Brittany and people.
It still says crossover on my thing here.
Isn't the name of a cross dresser? I mean, cross your heart.
And hope to die.
But in better news.
Yes.
Swinging going on on the website.
Oh, no.
Everybody in the audience immediately is going to have to take a look on our website.
And there it is right underneath the flame of where it's flaming, which I think is appropriate.
Right underneath the plug for the hot couples contest.
There it is.
It's Mo and his swinging nuts.
Oh, wow.
You know something I'd be hard pressed to tell you which one I like better.
Squirly Mo or Mozo.
Because Mozo morse from the bald headed the toothless Mo into like the clown, Mozo the clown.
But swinging Mo just he's like kind of standing there, but his nuts swinging a breeze.
Yeah, I like that.
Look, look.
Maybe that's what he maybe had a premonition.
5.6705.60, 0.560 on EAT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Be sure and check out Squirly Mo over the weekend.
Okay, you will not be disappointed.
He's a real swinger.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, the worst acting performance ever.
I didn't see the movie, but just seeing the previews was enough.
Per seastool and hebert was vanilla ice and cool as ice.
And any movie Madonna did.
Okay, we got you down, man.
Hey, and also you had a couple of weeks ago about the most underrated actor.
Yeah, I see Steve McQueen.
Because that movie, Papillon, I saw when I was seven.
I must have seen it like 30 times since.
About 30, yes.
And it's a great movie.
Yeah, I had a fight with the co-workers of the Existing War arguing, which was the best decade in movies.
And I was telling him the 70s.
And he was telling me the 90s.
You know, I had 90s.
Oh, man.
I told him, look, look.
And you know, I'm the same age as George.
I said, look, Godfather, the French connection, network,
the exorcist, Papillon.
I mean, those were down for glory.
So, you know, those were great movies.
Yeah.
And sometimes you can have a pro.
It's the what kind of tape people got out there.
You know, which was the best decade in movies?
That is a great, yeah.
Thanks a lot, Palli.
Thank you, sir.
Bye-bye.
We got you down, vanilla ice.
Did you get into the movie?
Well, you know, he made a movie, he made some great music.
5.670560.
He was no, will, Smith.
I'll tell you that.
Oh, he just, I just see him and I get angry.
You know, I don't begrudge anybody.
Rosie O'Donnell, I mean, just get sick when I see her.
But I don't begrudge anybody anything, okay?
Because life is short and you do the best you can.
And if you're lucky enough to fall into a bucket of crap, grab it.
You know, or like the guy in the trans spotting said,
if you fall into a bucket of crap, fish around in it.
I still cannot believe the fact that you're trying to encourage me to watch the rest of that.
It ain't going to happen.
It is not going to happen.
Oh, my goodness.
So what was the term that the Bean of Boy used before he's a fecal freak?
That's what he used?
Well, he sure came to the right place to work.
I'll tell you that.
Because that's our motto with QAM.
We'll full a Schmidt.
5.670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Make sure you stay clear of the nuts fecal wise.
Okay.
All right.
Here we go.
I got a couple.
Tom Green, Freddie got fingered.
Oh, bad.
Yeah, what a big smash that was.
Mariah Carey and Glitter.
Yeah, let's put Tom Green down just out of spite.
And just for the road, the rock, the mummy returns.
Now, I got the worst performance by an actor as Jesus Christ.
And that's technically Jesus Christ superstar.
I hate you, George.
I know.
Just don't get all emotional.
Let's say the same guy.
No kidding.
I love this.
This is 420560.
You ain't way.
You ain't way.
I hate you, George.
I hate you, George.
I hate you, George.
I hate you, George.
I hate you, George.
I hate you, George.
I hate you, George.
I hate you, George.
I hate you, George.
I hate you, George.
I hate you, George.
I hate you, George.
I hate you, George.
I hate you, George.
I hate you, George.
I hate you, George.
I hate you, George.
I hate you, George.
I hate you, George.
I hate you, George.
Oh, Morning
Hi, this is Hillary Clinton.
I hope you run out to buy my book.
You won't be too shocked to discover I have a fat-
Cheze.
Well, if you buy my book you can read all about the affair I had with Santa
your burnhard and our lunchiles.
Now, I wasn't born a Democrat.
I switched parties after looking in the mirror
and seeing the body of Tipo Nio.
So by my book, now, because I can never have enough.
If you order a copy today, I will personally
autograph the all-newed scratches, Nip Holdout.
So we should...
And you're almost slipped up today.
Who what?
You almost let me slip up.
I haven't read my sentence from a Hillary book yet.
Damn it.
But I just came up with a good idea.
See, I'm not going to schlep this back with me
when I come back.
So let's people...
No, well, we'll keep them on the edge of their seat for a whole week.
But...
See, I'm not going to do it at the beginning of the show
because that makes it predictable.
Plus, there is no beginning of the show anymore.
Now that Parallels here, because, you know,
we do that crossover for about an hour.
But anyway, here's to...
Today, this is what?
About the fifth sentence.
Hillary says,
I was free to make choices unavailable
to past generations of women in my own country
and inconceivable to many women in the world today.
That's it.
Aren't you really getting into it now?
This is enough to make you want to just rush right out
and pick up two, three copies and give it to everybody, you know?
Or just rush right out?
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
Pound five, sixty.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Now you're talking.
Let's see, don't ever take that off the side.
It's hysterical and infectious as Richard Evil.
He's talking about the swinging mo.
Instead of squirreling mo,
what we are called, that swinging mo.
What do you think?
He's swinging it or...
I'm infectious.
Nutty mo.
And you notice they just keep swinging back and forth
and back and forth.
Hey, kids, stop.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
Hey, Carlos, look.
Now you have to have embellished that story.
That can't be for real.
Was that?
I'm talking about Benerboy and Paul is in that story
about his encounter in the tea room with Mo this morning.
Maybe he said, look, one less time.
You sure he didn't say, look at this?
I would have left.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
Pound five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Maybe he was pointing at his bag, you don't know.
Here's a call from Lauderdale.
Hello.
Lauderdale.
Going once.
Going twice.
Gone.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
Pound five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
You know what is happening?
I've let him mark it off of the phone
and it rushes to their computers.
And you know what, I don't blame him.
In fact, I gotta look at it one more time.
I just gotta get my fix of swinging Mo.
Come on, let's go.
And you know something, see, there's a little bit slow
getting on here because two damn many people.
Hmm.
Are you picking on Eric again?
Good.
Good.
Get him all psychotic.
Don't take much.
Gallery of the Weird.
Here you go from the twisted minds of our talented listeners
and here you have on the left, Squirley Mo
and her swingin'
back and forth, two and a throw
and Mozo on the right.
Squirley Mo and Mozo.
And the best news of it all is that guilty is finally wise.
And he hauled that.
He's evidently disappeared.
Maybe he's down here in that pit with Sheridan in that rat.
What a shame.
Only on passions could the sick minds who write that show
put a beautiful, beautiful young lady like Sheridan down
in that pit with the rats nodding around at her feet.
Now those wouldn't be.
Gambian rats, would they?
They might be.
Maybe they're like just the Chia pets.
God, George loves saying that word.
Gambian rats.
He likes something about that.
I don't know what it is.
Has a sound to it.
Worst performance is this factor.
Keanu Reeves and the remake of Dracula.
Valley Boy Action,
Impiri Custom Phil Teeters with Embarrassed Laughter.
Oh, we gotta put that down.
Keanu Reeves and just everything.
Are you listening to me?
Yes sir.
Keanu Reeves and Dracula.
We can't put that.
Do you have any idea how many movies
some of these people have made?
When you go and do a search on there,
like I was looking for that sonopter movie
which it turned out was kissing banded.
He's made about 185,000 movies.
Oh wow.
We don't have time for that crap.
Wow.
Besides, they just started off horses
that want their heads chopped off.
Best vision of the future sci-fi movie,
avoid his dog.
You are absolutely correct.
Love that movie.
Very, very young Don Johnson who looked very good
in that movie by the way.
No wonder they were milking.
Very clever premise for love.
Oh, I guess they assume I haven't seen this.
I talked about that movie for years.
I we both did love the art.
Especially me, I love the lack of the ending.
It's there.
I thought he made a good choice.
Put it on.
Why Neil hates train spotting?
It's a self-loading straight guy thing.
What?
Hey.
So in other words,
being a boy like that because you
is a self-loading straight guy.
I guess.
It says if you like train spotting,
you should see lock stock and two smoke and barrels
has a very stupid title,
but excellent characters and super twisted plot.
It's funny, sad and has fantastic violent scenes.
Oh, great.
That is good.
But same direct right.
I don't mind the violence.
I don't even mind the snatch.
OK, but I don't want to see that.
Well, no crap and snatch.
You guys snatch next.
Oh, if I got a line for that.
Yeah, what is another?
I'm not I need to do that.
Touching it.
I'm not touching it with your hand or tongue.
Another best funny moving violent movie.
Two romance.
It says I like it a lot.
I have it.
I like it, but I don't think you'll like it.
Oh, yeah, put in Tern Tino.
It's a Christian Slater.
It's really violent and Christian Slater.
And you have it.
Yeah, that was good.
It was a gift.
Thank you, guys.
Hopefully.
And you said you like it.
It was all right in spite of him.
This is the number one Christian Slater
hater in the world.
I mean, I can take him or leave him.
He doesn't make me nauseous.
What he does to you.
I hate him.
Why is that?
He just I hate his whole act is ambiance.
Personality.
I'll tell you what.
I'll be beginning to dislike a lot.
And that's James Spader.
Oh, I hate him.
I've hated him for years.
Yeah, he started reading again on my nerves.
Oh, no.
Anyway, why the masses don't like movies like Magnolia,
Network or Memento?
If you've never read anything or been anywhere,
if you don't want anything about literature,
religion, fine art, history or culture,
then most of it flies right over your head.
You miss all the irony and it's boring.
Sadly, the only literary illusions that most people can catch today
are about the medical TV shows and commercials.
Oh, like the ones that Book of Grind does.
Oh, this is excellent facts right on target.
Beautiful.
And they'll be pleased to know I did not only see a boy
in his dog several times, but loved it like crazy.
Loved it.
A very lovely Don Johnson, who was really good in that too,
was a rest in peace speaking of Magnolia.
Jason Robards.
Jason Robards, dead.
He was great.
Pardon?
On biography last night, another underrated actor, James
Coburn, right?
Like we just died a couple of years ago.
He was really good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
We got a dead ass tie now.
Sophia's red on Shaxe, black ass.
The worst acting performance ever in a picture was 28
votes of peace for Shaquille O'Neal and Kazan.
And Sophia Coppola.
Dead.
In Godfather 3.
Dead.
Hey, Sophia, dummy up bitch.
Look at that.
He pulled to a head again.
That's going to be a battle.
That's where the horse races.
Britney Spears in Crossroads.
What's the real name of it?
Cross-stressing.
13, Bo Derek, Tarzan the 8-man 13.
Sylvester Stallone, Ryan Stone 11.
See, I want to say this seriously.
If there's anybody out there in this audience,
anywhere in the world who really likes,
slides Stallone and thinks that he's a real actor,
we'll get you some help, OK?
Get a drink.
I'll take out my collection.
Elizabeth Berkeley and Showgirl's 10.
Eli Waller, Godfather 3.
Eli's hanging in there.
He's got...
Yeah.
Slice the low and the specialist 9.
Kiano Reeves the Matrix 8.
Vin Diesel 8 for the Fast and the Furious.
Tom Hanks doing a volcano.
You must have sneak that in there when I was looking.
No, we talked about it.
Did we talk about it?
Yeah.
I just agreed with it.
We're too bad.
And then of course, also with 5 votes.
Puma!
Al Pacino, the centerwoman.
Send me right to the toilet.
That's what it sent me.
It is bad.
I want you to see it.
I'll tell you what, when I'm there,
I'll buy and bring you a copy.
That's how badly I want you both to see it.
And then you won't have to take it back
and you won't have any excuses that you got to daily.
I'll watch it.
Watch it that you're a perusal and amusement.
Here's a call from Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty damn good.
All right.
And how about Dan Moreno in the center of pet detective?
That was some ugly work.
Dan Moreno was in a movie?
Yes, sir.
Wasn't it a Jim Curie movie?
Yeah.
Wasn't that it.
And Danny Boy was in it.
The movie was good, but he wasn't.
OK, let's put it down.
Let's pick on Danny.
If it's good enough for Ferrell, it's good enough for us.
Thank you, Neil.
Thanks, Pali.
And let's put down Danny Boy.
We like you, Danny.
But you know, you're not perfect.
You got those Batman lips.
You got it?
We got it.
Danny Moreno.
There won't be too many votes for that, because it's just,
you don't pick on Danny.
And Jimmy, you can pick on.
OK, hey, you're talking big game, Jimmy.
See if it's me.
I want Brian Greacy to snore.
I take it back.
I want you to feed her because I'm a Patriots fan.
I take that back.
But if I were a dolphin fan, which I'm not,
I want Brian Greacy to start that first game, wouldn't you?
Remember, he has a good back, sir, that fax has 20 pages,
and we can't read any of them.
Yeah.
Not two facts anymore.
Right.
He faxed again.
Hey, you're an asshole, sir.
We hate you.
Then Moreno is a god.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Well, we'll never have any use for that again.
Might as well play it there, right?
Shaqio 31, Sophia 28.
It's a two horse race.
And you know something?
I bet you wins by nose.
Here's Pember Pine.
Hello.
Pember Pines going once.
Here's plantation key.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
Good.
That Sandy Willock what you're talking about.
Yeah.
Called While You Were Sleeping.
Right.
Good movie.
And yeah, you know, in public word for her, cutesy and doable.
OK.
Easily worst performance ever in a movie.
Kevin Costner and Robin Hood.
Oh, the white, hey, Kevin Costner.
Yeah, that was terrible.
He even makes me look like Mr. Personality.
OK, we got you down pal.
Thanks a lot.
Yeah, Kevin Costner in Robin Hood.
And just about almost anything else you did.
But that's a good one.
You think he's got some of the naked pictures of who?
Anybody of whoever makes these movies, of whoever makes,
does the casting.
And he's another one of those people you dare not say anything
bad about Kevin Costner because he's a, he's like legendary,
you know.
Am I right?
Yeah, he's legendary.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Land.
Rumor I'm hearing is that Joe Costello is really pissed off
with Bonerboy.
I can take Joe too.
For sucking up.
Yeah, you could go with Joe.
And now he can leave his lovely wife home
and she can do the knitting or whatever she's doing.
Knit some little booties for that baby that's coming.
I have a local business.
He's here all by himself.
There are you, all yours now.
You and the one to do our.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
And the next installment in the matrix, the third prophecy.
In the third prophecy, the Oracle says.
Mr. Smith would have become.
Yes.
Smith.
First, there was the matrix.
And the matrix reloaded.
Now, matrix uncocked, directed by the former Larry Wachowski.
Now, notice Debbie coming soon with heater and a dumpster near you.
Oh.
101 at 560 WQM are a good friend.
Lynn Samuels has some suggestions.
Devil's advocate.
She nominates Al Pacino and he and O'Reaves.
Got it.
Got it.
Battlefield earth, John Vulta.
Warren and Boca one of our chronic practices.
Another worst performance, John Wayne in the conqueror.
He played Genghis Khan with his trademark slow western draw.
Oh, God.
John Wayne.
Another one.
Kind of like a earlier version of Slice to Lone if he acts me.
You, Darren, you doesn't say that.
Next thing you're going to say, you didn't like that.
A small, teenage smigmy.
What was that?
I don't know.
You know, piano thing you mentioned earlier before.
A battlefront.
The name of the movie and you can put them down singly since we're not devil's advocate.
OK.
Put them down individual.
Got it.
I don't want to start giving orders out.
And after that one.
Battlefield earth, the central voltage.
Well, you're starting to slow down a little bit, aren't you?
Although we don't.
I'm not going to knock Bina Boy now that we got swinging them all on there.
Oh, brother.
That made my week.
Oh, it's swinging monkey nuts.
The worst acting performance ever in a movie shackle.
Neils got 33, but Sophie is still on his ass, boy.
He's got her nose right in the crack from Godfather three.
All the 34 to 30 now for shack.
I'll tell you basketball player with a good acting performance was Karim Abdul Jibbar in
Irk, Irk, Irk plane, right?
He was a panic Roger.
Didn't have to do much, but he was just a panic.
He was great.
Britney Spears from cross address 15.
Boad Derek, Tarzan the 8th man, 14.
Who would ever believe on a poll on this show on a heterosexual male dominated audience
show.
We'd be knocking Britney and Boad Derek back to back side by each.
Huh?
Yeah, I'd like to knock them, but just because they look or looked good didn't mean
necessarily the correct way out of a paper sack.
We don't care.
They could crawl away out of a paper sack.
See, I don't understand one thing.
I know this sounds tacky, but I'm sick anyway.
But if you look like Britney Spears, all she'd have to do is make like one porn oh movie,
right?
Okay.
50 million dollars.
Sure.
Right?
50 million.
In addition to which a lot of her like the Pepsi spots she did and a lot of her stage performances
in the videos, she's about as close to being naked as you possibly can be, which is her
whole stick.
She's a slut.
And, you know, one porn oh movie, 50 million.
That's it.
Have a great life.
Mm-hmm.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
Whoever would finance that.
In addition to what you watch a lot of the movies, a lot of these movies we've been watching,
there is so much simulated sex on there like rules of attraction that they're just about
doing it anyway.
You could charge a hundred bucks a ticket for the baby to get into see it.
Easy.
And as a matter of fact, that's a good pull question one of these days.
How much would you pay for a porn oh movie with Britney Spears?
Huh?
Right.
I think that's it.
Of course now some people can't afford the big bucks.
Now, be an abeanor boy.
Eight bucks.
That's all he can afford.
He's an abeanor boy.
You know what I'm saying?
Any day to borrow it from you.
But maybe you can watch it together.
Well, on different sides of the room.
Yeah, please.
Maybe he and Moker watch it together.
It will matter.
Maybe that's what Mow was trying to show you.
Maybe he's trying to prove you he's a real swinger.
Let's see Britney 15 for cross dress.
Bo Dirk, 14, Tarzan E. Apan, sliced the low and rhinestone, 14.
Vin Diesel, fast and a furious 11 Eli Wallagot, part of the 311.
Maybe we could reason together.
And it's not just the way he's delivering the line, but his gestures are just so ridiculous.
You just have to laugh out loud.
You know, I mean, here and that's in the scene where like they're doing the hit.
They're having a big meeting in Atlantic City.
And the chandelier starts shaking.
You know, and it's a hit and they're like firing from the helicopters.
And it's a maybe one of the most serious scenes in a whole movie.
And he's the one comedy.
I thought we could reason together.
Anyway, Elizabeth Berkeley, showgirls, she's got 11.
Kiana Reeves and a matrix nine sliced the low and the specialist nine.
Vanilla ice cool as I seven.
But we just put that on her, didn't we?
Yeah.
Tom Hanks, Joe versus the volcano six and spite of violent protests by a being a boy.
Al Pacino, send the woman's got five.
I'm so ecstatic.
I'm so delighted because I didn't even vote for that.
That there are enough of you people out there with a brain to realize that that was just,
you know, see a lot of times people say, well, let's Al Pacino.
It couldn't possibly have been bad, you know.
Well, a lot of people would have said this everybody like Wallach, right?
He was never great.
What was he like great and he never bothered me, but what was he?
He was never a bad actor.
He never said, oh, he was just awful.
Like Madonna.
He was never something.
He said, oh, he's an idiot.
I'm not going to go see it or like slice the loan.
But that was just maybe he was just saving enough for them.
He's got to be dead, isn't he?
Good question.
I don't think he is.
Really?
Try one more can only sweet heart.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, I'm a first time caller.
I was mainly called right basically to get back from you.
We go to first and really rough times lately.
And it's kind of hard to talk about, but I'm going to sit it out.
They've been together for about 26 years now.
And just recently, I was told that they're thinking about splitting up.
And 26 years, if they've been together, it's just really a long time.
Your parents?
26 years.
Neil.
Yeah.
It's really hard for me to even say this.
But the fact that they're going to be splitting up after 26 years.
Yeah.
How many years?
26.
I'll be damned.
And yeah.
I just really need to hear.
Yeah.
What should I do about this?
Why are they splitting up?
What can I do?
Are you trying to qualify for our poll today?
Is that what this is about?
No, I'm being serious now.
Yeah.
And my best suggestion is mind your own business.
5,670, 05,60, 05,60.
How many years would they together?
3rd man.
Pretty close.
Yeah.
2nd year old business.
But out.
2nd year old life.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Hey, how are you doing, Neil?
I think that was Reverend Jones.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Good.
How about your family using Dumman Dummer?
Who?
Your family?
Dumman Dummer.
Dumman Dummer?
The Jim Carrey, yeah.
OK.
And a good modern movie.
He.
OK, man.
Thank you.
See you.
Got it down, Jeff Daniels.
Dumman Dummer.
As in...
Wasn't that the Greg Reed story?
Yeah.
I think so.
Nice job.
And that morning show, by the way, Greg.
If the audience thinks that we finally come up with a solution, man,
you ain't seen nothing yet.
Because if the guilty stories are true, if what Ferell was babbling about this morning turns out to be true,
we got all kinds of complex crap going on, huh?
In addition to what you know what I was thinking during the last break,
here's Clarence, our program director, who just turned 30, going on about 12th,
who's had a little bit of a life problem.
You know, he's like a little immature and he can't get laid.
And he's not a bad guy.
And he gets me my paycheck all the time on time, sometimes the day early.
Oh, right.
But you bring a guy in like Ferell.
You make a big fuss of it, all the TV.
People you bring in, you make a big splash about it.
And Clarence and Greg are obsessed with Ferell.
I mean, we like him, but they're beyond that.
They're obsessed with him.
So the first one of the first things you do is start putting out memos about no food in there.
You know, you found out what I'm saying?
Oh, yeah, I got it.
To try to make him feel like he's brought into a like a Gestapo.
Like John Ascroft has run into the joint, something like that.
Not a good idea, Clarence.
Well, not a good way.
And of course, then pulling a Greg Reed, you know, Clarence very soon will be off the Omaha and be gone for several days.
So he don't have to be there until the smoke clears, you know, right?
Which is fine because I'll be there next week and I'll be eating whatever I want,
which I'm not going to be in a whole lot.
But if we want how he's to bring us in a bunch of bacon, guess what?
How he's will bring in a bunch of bacon and the beast they get in any of ours.
Which one of the reasons that we don't aren't too crazy about the beast no more came in and stole a boner boy's bacon this morning.
Well, it didn't exactly go down that way.
What way did it go down?
It was a part of like it.
Did it go on back home?
It was what?
But he recaptured it.
Which I did.
Right out of his mouth.
Right.
I found that he had hidden it in his little Styrofoam stuff with all his other food.
Yeah.
It was hiding in there.
So I looked inside and thought he was eating it.
You know, you have to write out of his mouth.
Yeah.
So it's like a tug of war.
Every two dogs fighting over a steak.
Now he's a tub.
He really is.
I mean, we've had people in the building fatter like Josh Freeman.
He's gone by the way.
Josh Freeman won't see him no more.
And there, there have been people fatter.
But and certainly fat boy is fatter.
But nobody is more of a just a grub than the beast.
Although then there's always Zack, you know.
Wow.
Can you imagine if that morning's show could get paid by the pound?
We're sports radio 5cc.
UAM.
Got out.
WQAM.
Where the fack it is.
Hey, who you looking at?
Ooh.
Yeah.
Slides in the case.
You can't look directly at me.
You cannot look in his eyes.
If you do your job, goes by by.
He'd say when I come in a room,
You leave it to leave without turning around.
It's no wonder they deal us that long.
You're smart.
But first that's one of no jobs.
Posty smart guy is their job.
Another suing you when you're white.
You're smart to love and give you speed to your mom.
Stack your back, goes your guard.
There's gonna treatment just in right.
No.
You're smart to love.
Oi!
Slice the loan is letting prove that you could package cow crap and sell to the American public.
If you'd just package it the right way.
38 votes for Shaco Niel and Kazama is the worst acting performance ever in a movie.
Sophia Coppola is still right on his ass, boy.
The Godfather 335.
Britney Spears.
Cross-address.
16.
Bo Derek.
Tarzan the 8th man.
15.
Slice the loan in rhinestone.
14.
Vin Diesel the fact that fast and furious in the feces 12.
Elizabeth Berkeley showgirls 12 and Eli Waller Godfather 3 has got 12.
Oh look at that.
He's only got 12 and Sophia's got 35.
Not even a contest.
Would you agree with that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's true.
I look at it differently because I don't expect anything from her because she's not a real actress.
Okay.
Good point.
So if you start with no expectations then she lives right up to it.
You're right in his case for a guy that's supposed to be a real actor to ham it up like
that and just absolutely disgrace himself.
No wonder she gave him the Goddamn can only.
Anyway here's a really good fact.
Two gruesome performances Barbara Streisand and Yintel.
Oh yeah.
Or she would say.
Oh.
A test to portray a young boy and obvious vanity project for this complete mega-lomaniac
and you are absolutely correct.
Deborah Winger in the sheltering star.
Are we getting these down now or am I just making sounds?
Deborah Winger in the sheltering sky.
One of the few films I've ever walked out of the film also gives you the highly dubious pleasure of seeing her pie.
Also I've heard many of these fine films recommended you recently.
Two from the 90s I didn't hear mention which you might have missed.
Although one we just had that guy a little while ago.
Heat.
Yeah.
Heat without Pacino Robert De Nirovail.
Kilmer, Kilmer Ashley Judge on Void Time Size More.
Very entertaining crime drama.
Ashley Judd has one of the best scenes for many movie in recent years.
Be careful not to get to the come of the same name with Bert Reynolds.
Oh don't worry about that.
Oh no.
We pushed our layout.
Boogie Night's was fine.
Nice going Bert and Deliverance.
Those were his new movies.
That's anything else forget about it.
You might leave anything out.
Did he do anything else?
No.
Movie was seen.
Rokor Ace.
Like I said.
Smoking in the band is part one through one hundred.
LA Confidential with Guy Pearson Russell Crowe.
Kevin Spacey James Cromwell, one of our greatest actors unknown to most folks.
Danny De Vito and Kim Basinger.
It says.
So what I'm going to do is I'm out and cut you would agree with that right?
LA Confidential is a definite must see.
Okay and heat.
Heat.
It was to me it was bland.
It was a blend.
It was good but long.
It got slowing parts.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Nothing there was nothing that much to it.
I give it okay.
I give it an adequate.
Right.
Okay well across that on.
So I'm going to go out for sure today and get three.
LA Confidential, usual suspects and big low eloinsky.
The big.
The whiskey.
Okay.
That's on my shopping list for right now.
Because there's so damn many.
There's so damn many of them in so little time.
You see that's something about guys that play golf.
Right.
Don't let me forget to ask him on Monday.
For all about you know when's the last time he's really seen a movie?
Because guys that play a lot of golf.
That's a lot of valuable movie watching time.
Of course you know watching a movie is sitting on your ass which isn't good for you.
And going out there playing golf is really good.
You're going to be great exercise.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes sir.
Hey Neil how are you doing?
Sensational.
All right.
I'm surprised nobody has ever mentioned Al Pacino in Scarface.
Comedy.
I mean the accident he tried to put on.
Yeah so bad.
Really bad.
Yeah and it's an Italian guy being a Spanish mobster.
Yeah it was horrible in that.
Okay we'll put it down.
He deserves it.
Anyway the cop that you'll see in LA Confidential.
Yeah.
The one that's the final becomes a lieutenant with the glasses.
He's an Australian.
He's an Aussie.
Well we won't hold that against him.
No I know that but I mean in the movie he doesn't even have a trace of it.
Well that's a good reaction I mean.
Well how about I mentioned a couple of weeks ago I talked about Jude Law and the town
that Mr Ripley who's who's British and got a very heavy British accent but in Mr Ripley
he doesn't have any accent laws speak perfect English.
I mean like we do.
Yep.
Perfect American.
Okay thanks pal.
Okay man.
Jude Law is an ember actor okay.
Yes he is and.
Yes.
Enemy at the gates with Jude Law is a true story in a good movie.
I better put that down then.
Because I crossed out heat.
Enemy at the gates.
Yes.
About the Nazis invading stolen grad in the.
We are not about Jews.
You're not allowed to watch any of these movies until you watch beautiful mind and snatch.
Beautiful mind.
I don't know.
That's right.
I don't have a snatch yet.
Do I?
I don't know.
I haven't found snatch yet.
Of course I haven't been looking for it all that much.
Enemy at the gates I'm crossing out.
I got usual suspects Big Lewinsky and snatch.
That was the other one.
LA Confidential.
I got those four.
How many can I watch like in one sitting you know just give me a break here.
Give me a break.
Plus I still got a whole crap load in there.
What's that one the smelly beast or something like that?
Oh uh, a sexy beast which I never saw.
You never saw it.
You'll have to tell me if it's good.
Okay.
Well I mean what do I know?
I mean you know based on your taste.
Because if you didn't like Magnolia.
This is the beast of fat Jew.
5, 6, 7 he's disgusting.
He really is.
Hey by the way Beast don't take it personal but we're not too crazy about you anymore.
We're on to you.
See we're on to him.
That's what bugs me.
We're on to his act.
He even pulled it this morning just to come in there and steal your food.
And now that he notices that we're getting along real good with Pharrell and we got a great cross over going and we're real happy to have him there.
Now he's trying to suck.
Suck back into us a little bit.
See after he like after we kicked his ass out.
Now he's trying to suck his way back into our good graces after he's screwed our good friends at balance for life.
Nice going Air Beast.
Radio Chameleon.
Exactly.
He's a radio Chameleon man.
Hop in from one room to another.
Pollinating everywhere he can.
Talking trash and then go out and stab it in the back like two feet down the hallway.
That's the beast.
So I hope their clearance gets you good sweetheart.
I'll pay to see it.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound five.
I'll pay to miss it.
The worst acting performance in a movie ever was Shaquille O'Neal and Kazam 41.
Sophia Coppola and Godfather 3 38.
Those two seem to be like way ahead of the pack.
50 likes ahead.
Brittany Crossroads 16.
Vodiric.
Cars and the 8 man 15.
Slice the line so unfortunately.
I mean, just nobody else is even in the running.
Out of them near 255 votes.
How's he like a wallock to 12 dozen dirty doesn't was the in that.
I don't recall he was in the good to bat in the ugly.
He was the ugly.
Here's a call from the field Beach.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
I put a vote in it's probably late in the game and this may not get a lot of votes but Bruce Wilson Hudson Hawk.
Ugly one of the worst action performances one of the worst movies ever made.
Well, don't forget this poll stays up all weekend so it's got a chance to get a lot of votes.
A complete waste of soliloid.
Okay.
I know you're only only allowed one foot but I also have to mention Dennis Rodman.
The news was in a movie.
He was in a movie with John Clark Van Damme called double team.
Oh.
Horrible.
Oh my god.
Run run run screaming in the opposite direction.
He was you should rent enemy at the gates.
Good movie.
Good movie and it wasn't just what was the guy.
I don't rent him.
I go and buy him when you got the big bucks you don't rent him.
Who was who was the other guy?
Who was the wrong one?
Ron Pearlman.
Who played the other the the the the the the Harris and not the sniper.
Yeah.
Excellent movie.
It's like a duel between I just wrote it down again on my list.
I'm going to get it this afternoon.
Check it out.
Thanks, Sally.
Thanks.
Okay.
There you go.
Enemy at the gates usual suspects.
That's Ellie confidential and the big Lewinsky.
I sure hope that whatever that show she was on.
I hope that's off already has been canceled.
Yeah.
I think I don't know.
You see maybe someday if I live long enough to about 400 maybe somebody can explain to me why the president was the bad guy.
And please don't tell me that she was so young because she bragged about it that she was going with her presidential knee pads that she was a slut and she was getting ready to like service her president.
So he's the bad guy and he's almost gets impeached.
He comes with an interview getting convicted in the impeachment trial.
And she's like a TV host.
She's a celebrity.
She's the victim.
She's the poor abuse the underling.
Right?
She's a slut.
Yeah.
That's all.
And not only that, she's an unattractive slut.
And she's a divorce for it.
That's what I'm saying.
I can't stand that slut.
Amen.
Say it again.
I can't stand that slut.
Oh.
Man.
Fat.
Disgusting.
Nasty.
Fowl.
She saved the freaking blue dress with a cum stand on a nice go.
It's weird.
That's a nice touch.
She saved the blue dress.
That's a souvenir.
He ought to be rich.
26 past one at five sixty WQM.
Hey, if you own a home and you have a nice pool, there's nothing worse on a hot summer's day.
Then going out in the backyard to take a nice refreshing dip and you take a look at a pool.
You want to puke your guts out.
It's like watching train spotting.
It's stained.
It's dirty meeting.
You've got cracks in it and the pool too.
Whether your pool doesn't have to be a mess, no moe.
Call our good friends Atlantic Marseille and let them perform a miracle for you.
Atlantic Marseille specializes in refinishing pools.
Bring it back to life and make him look brighter and more colorful than ever before.
And now Atlantic Marseille has got something new and even more exciting than ever before.
It's called Atlantic Blue Bright.
For over 12 years of Atlantic Marseille's beautified pools, with the ever popular diamond bright,
and now the makers of diamond bright, have developed Atlantic Blue Bright exclusively for our friends at Atlantic Marseille.
Atlantic Blue Bright leaves your pool with a richer, more colorful appearance unmatched by anything on the market anywhere.
In fact, it's going to look so spectacular, so shiny and beautiful that your friends, neighbors and everybody in the hood will think you've got a brand new pool.
License and insured are real construction company.
They don't use like subcontractors who just came off a banana boat raft and have like a little pickup truck.
They use only full-time employees.
Atlantic Marseille is family owned and operated.
Thousands of people all of us outflow to trust a man love them because they do such a great job for you.
They serve daydroward and Palm Beach counties too.
Atlantic Marseille also does expert deck renovations, though my head out big your deck is custom lighting, pool heating exotic water features too.
So really enjoy the summer and audio long right in your own backyard.
Call Atlantic Marseille today.
Tool free it's 1-800-558-883.
Be sure to tell them that ancient Neil told you to call 1-800-558-883.
Atlantic Marseille really is your pool's best friend.
This is course waiting for my city to be here.
You way am.
Why the hell you bastard?
The process of cloning has always been extremely controversial.
It began in 1997 when scientists cloned Dolly the sheep.
Since that time millions of dollars and countless laboratory hours later scientists at the University of Idaho are reveling in another incredible cloning breakthrough.
It's the world's first cloning of a mule.
Scientists now say based upon this incredible success they have plans to clone other asses with Nehuston.
Mike Tyson.
Rosie O'Donnell.
Monica Lewinsky.
Bill and Hillary Clinton.
Very cool.
That's certainly what I did.
As cloning.
One 31, but he had everybody in it.
I just got through talking about the big lebus and Lewinsky.
Do you just emailed me more of these pictures?
Not just.
Oh, a while ago.
Some of them are like, I don't know, they're just sitting there and not doing anything yet.
I'll take a peek at them.
Don't forget this is the deadline this weekend for Hot Couples Contest number three.
You could win yourself a trip for two either of the Bahamas or Jamaica Mon.
You could read all the details on our website right above the Squirrel Emo.
And then Monday morning at 10 we closed the entry box.
We closed the box.
And then we move on to the voting, right?
Right.
Speaking of the voting, 44 votes for Shakira Loneidon, Kazan 38 for Sophia 39 now.
I forgot about the three.
Everybody else, small potatoes.
Here's a call from Lake Worth.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Here's my nomination for worst performance ever in a movie.
OJ Simpson in the naked gun.
You know, it's funny you mentioned it because a little while ago during your break I was thinking about him
and I couldn't think of any of the movies he's been in.
I mean his performances are always wooden and they slay me but I couldn't think of one day was it naked gun.
Well, here's the thing about that movie is that for 90% of it he was in a coma and he somehow managed to screw that out.
Damn it.
Or more thing, Neil.
Jessica Geary, smelly bitch.
Well, you know, OJ had to come out of the coma because he had a whole bunch of things that he had to do.
You know what I'm saying?
No.
Well, like maybe kill some people.
Five.
Let's get that down.
OJ Simpson naked gun.
Got it.
560, 7.0560, 560 on the AT&T Verizon wireless line.
How'd your cost dollar do I have to Verizon today? Any report?
No.
I hate speaking to me now.
And, yeah, and be an abhor, I forget about that. He'll never speak to you.
Doesn't already.
Here's Davy. Hello.
Yeah, I think the worst performance in the best movie was Steve Owen, Jack Astamovie.
And if you're going to see any movie this weekend, you should wear Jack Astamovie.
No.
Oh, yeah.
No, do that right now.
Yeah.
Oh, God.
560, 7.0560, I mean, why would they even dignify that with a comment?
Why would I respond?
What I respond?
Oh.
They called during another movie poll inside the same crap.
Oh, yeah.
Well, he's a tell us.
He's got the mentality of a ten-year-old.
What can I tell you?
He's in a time warp.
He's like Boca Bryant only on the opposite end.
Here's a call from, what is it? Hollywood.
Oh, nice.
That's a good one.
I wrote it down.
What the hell?
They're suggestions.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Oh, you mean to be here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
What the hell was that?
Me.
Fort Lauderdale.
Oh, yeah.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Why are you going to stop this movie business?
It's been going on a week.
You know, I'm a woman listing you a lot of years.
Yeah.
It seems like you're on this movie movie kick.
Yeah.
We enjoy your program, but I think enough is enough.
Yeah.
How many votes you got on the survey?
Don't come up to anything else you've ever done.
What about the first hour when we had the first two hours when we had 400 votes on how you
wait your parents?
See, you're leaving those out.
You're leaving those out, my friend.
Yeah.
I'm just giving my opinion, Dale.
Still going to listen to you in the greatest.
Okay, thanks.
Enough is enough with this movie business.
Thanks for the sloth, pal.
Yeah, bye.
Have a great day.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Thanks for the stab.
He's still going to listen, but enough.
And now it's not enough.
Well, we'll be done when I'm done when I feel I'm tired of it.
He's still going to listen.
He just got through.
Tell me that in addition to which he many a day on these movie polls, we've had like 14,
15 hundred votes, which we never have on an overnight poll on a weekend.
Yeah.
14, 15 is a spectacular response.
Plus since he's into these things, the next one on the stats on our website now, I hate to break
the news to him, but the last two, three weeks in a row, we break the record for most hits every week.
And let me just tell you this right now.
Once they get a chance to see swinging more, we're going to like break him this weekend again too.
I have that feeling, don't you?
Yep.
I can feel it in the pit of my sack.
I mean, he's got to wait all of that time.
Well, when you're going to quit this all right, when you're going to stop, what are you going to stop?
I'm against that.
I mean, like you, but we don't want to end it.
And of course, if I were to ask him that magical question, no, right?
I mean, I've been watching enough.
You notice that I even waste my time with that?
Like, what else would you like us to talk about?
I mean, we finally let's down to something here that we haven't talked about for a long time.
We spent a few, you know, about three, not just a week, but at least about three weeks on it.
But what's the big problem with that?
You know, life is not going to disappear.
We still got plenty of time to talk about other crap.
I mean, we could talk about ball games. We could talk about the marlins.
But I'm not going to do that.
Yeah.
Jesus Christ, give me a break, man.
We could talk, you know, sit here and change the world and talk about how W is a fascist.
And John Ascroft isn't even bigger fascist and the audio, the audio.
But, you know, let's, we already know that.
Look on our website.
Read some of the good crap on there, okay?
It's on there every day, including a great feature story that's going to be on there for several days.
Conservatism here today, going to Marl by Dennis Rackonen.
The sensational piece.
If he asks me.
It's just amazing about South Florida.
I mean, here's a guy that likes the show.
He loves me. He'll listen regardless.
But he's got to give me, he's got to make my back bleed.
You know, he's got to give me like a little bloody spot.
How many had like a little bloody spot from that day I'm in growing here, but my left nut is a heel bump.
Be very pleased to know sir.
My left testicle is heel up very nicely from me in growing here, okay?
Yeah, it's fine.
Here's a call from Pemberpine.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
All right, I have a few more recommendations.
Well, how about recommendations?
Well, yeah, like if you like a requiem for a dream, you'll love it.
Yeah, Emily.
It's a surprise.
Emily?
Emily.
Emily with a name.
Oh, Emily.
Also, it's a horrible movie.
I thought that's what you put in your crankcase.
What is it?
Repo Man with Emilio S.A.V.S.
Okay.
The worst movie of the Overseas.
And worst actor, weird out on UHS.
Okay, thanks.
I have no idea what he just said.
I mean, he just said a bunch of stuff.
Do any of those, are any of those of you sponsored our poll question?
No.
No, but he did say Emily.
Don't you put that in the crankcase to improve your oil thing?
It would have been better if you had instead of watched it.
Oh.
Okay, so I'm crossing, of course, repo Man, that's when you wouldn't watch.
I watched it.
Did you?
Yeah.
It's weird.
It's weird.
It's strange.
It's supposed to be.
I see.
56670560, pound 560 on you.
Look at the vote total, man.
Isn't anywhere near what we usually have?
Only 283 votes since about 1215 since this thing went up there.
48 for Shackle, Neil and Kazan.
42 for Sophia Copeland, Godfather 3.
And then Brittany and Bo Dereck are like side by each other.
They're in lockstep, cheek to cheek.
And that's it, with only 16 of pieces.
It's a two horse race so far.
I still say she wins by a big nose.
We still love you, but we don't like what you're doing.
No matter what it is, we don't care what it is you're talking about.
We're unhappy with it.
We're so disgusted.
I'm not already with this.
Okay.
Talk about something interesting.
Talk about the notch.
Fly in local town.
You're sports radio 560.
You ain't.
You ain't.
Disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Good morning, Americans.
It's Paul Harvey.
Stand by for news.
Charles Stewart and his son Andrew of Fort Myers, Florida, go into the public's grocery store when they happen upon the condom pile.
Andrew asks his father why there are so many different boxes of condoms.
Charles replies well you see some.
That three pack over there, that's for when you're in high school.
You have two for Friday night and one for Saturday night.
Is some Andrew asks well what's the six pack for?
Is that replies well what's for when you're in college?
Son, you have two for Friday night and two for Saturday night and two for Sunday morning.
Then Andrew asks his father what's the 12 pack for?
His father replies well that's for when you're married son.
You have one for January, one for February.
Now page two.
Abigail and Reginald Lowry of Wichita, Kansas, returned from their honeymoon and it was obvious to everyone that they were not speaking to one another.
The groom's best man Don Fieldz takes him aside and asks what's wrong?
Well, said Reginald when we had finished making love the first night as I went to the bathroom.
For my quote of fifty dollar bill on the pillow without thinking.
Well you shouldn't worry too much about that said Don I'm sure your wife will get over it soon.
She certainly can't expect that you've been saving yourself all these years.
Reginald nodded and said I don't know if I can get over this though she gave me twenty dollars change.
Paul Harvey, did they?
He's a panic you know what?
He's still alive.
He's still doing it.
He's still on the air.
What do you mean is he's still alive?
He's still got a studio in the basement in Chicago and he's still doing that show every goddamn day.
He's got to play him.
He's about 145 now.
Good day.
I beg your pardon?
It's still occasionally interesting.
You know, Joe Costello is a really big football fan and it really just breaks my heart to see somebody come along and stab him and throw it through the heart.
You know what I mean?
No.
What?
I'll let him have a camera too.
You don't have to do that.
Look he's a big star now.
He can afford his own damn tickets.
This is a disturbing story from Cape Carnival.
NASA is trying to identify a small object spotted floating outside the International Space Station yesterday according to a report.
Ground, let's see, astronaut Edelwee spotted the object outside the window of the U.S. laboratory and took pictures of it.
Local six news partner floored it today reported.
This is Channel 6 in Orlando.
Ground controllers are analyzing lose photos but don't yet have enough information about the object's direction of travel.
To determine from whence it came the object which has moved out of sight is likely from the station itself according to the report.
Or maybe just maybe it might be a flying sausage, you think?
No.
Now, do you know how many thousands of pieces of space junk we have floating around is that we put there?
Oh yeah, this is all kind of crap out there.
Now what is this thing that you just emailed me?
I mean the fact me, this email hint.
The Hake Goldberg show is personal private email that I went in hacked my way in down there to the tent top and sent to Neil Rodg of me, George Rodriguez sent it to Neil.
And I saw him do it.
Yeah.
Well, here's one that says I'm not usually want to write to my congressman.
In this case to a radio show host but you, Pharrell said something that I could not ignore.
I don't understand.
It's on Hank's website but it's addressed to Pharrell.
Am I right?
I mean the message is Pharrell.
Anyway, it says you were talking the story of the pregnant lady who fell two stories on the some sort of audio equipment and commented that baby was okay with you said I hope she dies.
I guess you want that child to go up without a mother.
I understand there has to be some shock rather distinguishing feature which separates you from your peers.
But this was a stupid low life classless remark that showed me just how much of a scumbag you are.
What if it were my wife? What if it were Geltie's wife?
Or friends wife that you may that you have many friends?
Or not, friends with bad citizen punctuation?
Not that you have many friends.
Even if you made the whole story up it still shows our classless you are.
Is wishing a pregnant mother death going to increase ratings?
Nope. You just lost at least two list is probably more.
Since they changed the schedule to accommodate you have been turned off by your ugly, tear your throat already, raspy voice.
And I'm convinced that I'll never listen to repulsing show again.
Hank and others will do what we do to get rid of this POS piece of schmit.
That's why they sent this to Hank.
Also, there's another email that says I want to book Mozo for my child's third birthday.
I'll say to Andy what time is chronic Tim and primitive pines is I got them all beat the worst ever Lou Ferrigno in Hercules.
Do you want to put that on there?
Whatever. I can't stand Lou Ferrigno.
No, it makes me nauseous.
Lou Ferrigno and Hercules get it on there man.
It's a two horse race. There's no point in looking at the other ones.
Although sliced alone has moved into a tie with bowderek and with Brittany for rhinestone 16 votes.
But the top two are like so far ahead of everybody else.
The worst acting performance ever in a movie.
Shaquille O'Neal in Kazan 51.
Sophia Coppola got for the 346.
And everybody else. I mean the next highest is 16 small potatoes.
And if we were talking about something important today like Ma Zhong, we'd have thousands of votes.
You know what?
Oh man.
For the fact that you suck me in all this goddamn movie crap.
Mm-hmm. What about that?
And you know this in the middle of talking about movies.
Did one person call today saying anything about Gregory Peck?
No. No. No.
Gentlemen's agreement to kill a mocking bird, spellbound, movie break.
Movies dick. What the hell's wrong with you people man?
Gregory Peck 87, one of the great actors of all time.
And you see the problem is that except for movie buffs like George and old farts like me.
Nobody out there knows from Gregory Peck.
Right?
Yeah, Bean or Boy what do you know about Gregory's Peck?
Tiny.
Seriously you don't know from Gregory Peck. Have you ever seen a movie with him in it?
To kill a mockingbird.
You did see to kill a mockingbird.
Yeah.
And now you think that black guy did it or not?
He just needed to bust the script.
It doesn't require a response.
It was just a little joke.
See now the same person that sent that facts to Hank about for real.
Now they're going to be sent what about me.
See the same old crap.
He said that the guy done it.
We know he didn't do it.
It's just a joke.
And then of course there was that one about anti-Semitism.
Gentlemen's agreement, right?
Right.
You saw that?
Mm-hmm.
Bean or Boy?
It's been a long time ago.
Yes.
No you didn't.
So now I hear you some homework for you.
Start watching some of the older stuff with some really great actors.
Okay?
It's great that you're up to date all these recent movies last few years.
That's fine.
That's great.
It's very helpful.
Well I haven't been alive that long.
Then that's the point.
That's the point.
Look at all you got to catch up on.
See?
Right?
Yeah.
How about you name and see Rainman?
Did you?
Who's in that?
You see what I mean?
Now we're starting to get to the bottom of this.
Mr. Big Shot, Mr. Expert.
And they're like giving me a bunch of crap.
And it's everything so because I come on here admitting.
I don't know too much about this.
Which is something that I can learn from and everybody else as well.
K-Wart sucks.
Right.
You didn't see that movie.
He saw it.
What George just told up a line D.
He right there done and hold it up for it.
Right.
Hand signals.
Favorite scene was when he's bouncing his head against the wall because the alarm's going off.
How about the hospital with George C. Scott?
That one I haven't seen.
Ah!
It's on my list by the way on our websites.
It's on my list.
Another petty, trashy piece of brilliance.
Okay.
Absolute brilliance.
And if you look up in my bone book, it's got four big fat bones.
Okay.
Even Moe would be jealous.
My and local.
This is 4356.
You way, you way.
Why are you bastard?
What if no wheels don't be a ringline?
I'll be missing a snack.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
We're in love.
Baby, don't do it.
We're in love.
Call it all along.
What?
She'll don't do it.
It's torture, thrilled, they're getting married.
But people want me to be wary.
The juxtalist, a mappella.
Sure, I might burn here with your talent.
I can't believe you want a very bad ass like.
Each one had enough of writing, Alamoni checks.
Although she never been Atlas or Raven,
I hope her baby is already very smart, baby.
Well, he is honky, my love honky.
So just believe us alone.
This baby about him, I am not just yet very good.
He loves me and my body was so good.
I won't have enough, because he makes more than me.
Right, then I die and I'm so glad.
That's a real dead girl just to bend the priest's chest.
Just show love, you're making me mad.
Just like his newbie, this marriage will be bad.
But I don't want to be alone.
He's for your king, but why not just be that boy alone?
Now we talk once again.
It will work on your finance.
So I wish you.
155.560 WQM.
I just saw the other pictures there of Ian and what's your name?
Yeah.
So I guess you'll pick out whichever one that we want to put on there.
We'll pick it.
Well, see, but that's a problem when people send us more than one picture.
And then, you know, you guys have to pick out one that's going to be on there.
And then they'll have to deliver the results of that.
You know what I'm saying?
But I'm sure you'll do a fair job.
I'm going to pick out the one that you want to see Rodic and Exotic.
It's going to be interesting this time, I think.
No, sir.
Because the first time was a foregone conclusion.
We had the one virtually, well, no, they weren't naked.
They weren't naked, couple spread out in the sack.
And then we had the other couple of the two models, Aaron and Amy,
who obviously were, if they weren't going to win,
we're like right on somebody's ass and they did win.
If this time, I think it's an open, an open battlefield.
Unlike our pool, two horse race, worst acting performance ever in a movie was
Shaquille O'Neill, Kazem, 51 votes.
Sophia Coppola, Godfather 3, dead.
48.
And that's it.
Next, next, next, next high total of stilly 16.
This is our last movie show for this month, okay?
You hear what I just said?
I heard it.
No, seriously.
Because I don't want to get that guy all upset.
Plus, there are many others out there who are like forming at the mouth.
Oh my God, you've been going on for weeks with this crap.
Well, we had a good time with it.
I did.
I did.
And look at all the money I was able to spend in part of the economy up here,
which they needed.
Badly.
All these Saurus-free movies that I was able to go out and buy.
I think it's spectacular.
Nice job, Neil.
Thank you.
And you actually learned something, as opposed to,
well, gee, I think the Aikis can win the pen, you know,
the kind of crap that's on so much of the day.
It just, it makes my teeth ache.
It makes my bones rattle.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And for Ryzen Wireless Line.
So don't let me forget Monday if I even mention them.
I'll probably well have to mention if I went out and bought these.
Any of the three.
I'll set it off the air.
Off the air.
Not on the air.
We draw the line right here at two o'clock.
When the little hand hits the big hand, we draw the line.
Because on Monday, I think we're going to start doing sports talk.
Oh, right.
Here's a call from Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Great.
Hey, I love the movie shows.
Keep doing it, man.
Right.
I don't care.
But I've got two really disgusting performances to give you.
Okay.
One was filming Miami.
It was Jimmy Stewart in Airport 77, which was just pitiful.
And the other one, I guess I would say, you said OJ already,
but OJ and towering in Ferno had to be worse.
Oh, yeah.
I saw that.
He was little.
He was ugly.
That was his first role, I think.
It was a killer, yeah.
So, but yeah, keep going with the movie shows.
Okay.
Hang in there.
Thanks.
You too.
See, there you go.
Here's the guy who says he likes it.
So that evens it out.
The other older, older guy.
And this guy seemed like under the age of 100.
Now, the other guy is okay.
He just is grouchy, you know.
He's upset that it rains every day.
And he's like mosquitoes the size of bowling balls.
And it's a human in 100 degrees in the shade.
And he's upset about that.
And nobody goes to the Marlon Games.
And nobody cares about it.
And all of these things.
Just like, you know, Farrell, who's, you know, good guy.
But he just, and then he finally admitted.
You notice the end of our crossover this morning.
He admitted he's jealous.
I guarantee I bet your Carlos is salary for the next 10 years.
At least 50 bucks.
I bet you that much that he's wishes he could do the show
from someplace else.
Because you know, he's only been there a short period of time.
I'll tell you a lot.
It says a lot about South Florida.
When the most exciting thing you have to do every day after your work
is you want to play golf with a silly old man like Moe.
What does that tell you?
Yeah, I think that speaks volumes.
And he finally admitted that he's jealous of this kind of a deal.
He wishes he only wishes he could still be in New York
and do a show every day from there.
When you think?
What would think?
One would certainly think so.
I mean, if you had a choice.
Anywhere.
Almost.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
I love your show.
Can you please take me on a bus and tell me my old,
Amy Uncle, Grandfather in Del Rey.
What the hell was that?
What was that?
Can I please play for his old Jaime Ankle,
a grandfather sitting at a bench in Del Rey?
No, no.
We don't have time to play sitting at a bench in Del Rey for your old Jaime Ankle or anybody else right at time.
When I were going to do a big crossover with a man dog,
now you see the way I located his four hours in a,
four hours only got a two hour show,
but four hours is more than enough for me when you think,
jizz for a minute.
Now that we see all these other two hours shows,
including some guys that show up like once in a while,
like whatever the hell they feel like.
Yeah.
I'm starting to get jealous.
See, what it basically boils down to is everybody saw the good deal that I had.
And now everybody's trying to like, they're taking my advice.
Less work, more pay.
So they're like trying to want up each other, you know?
So Hank has done a three hours, gets the same pay.
He's on like to Lamarlin Games, which a lot of days it's at 6.30.
Some days he's not on it all hardly.
We're like a half an hour.
And out of man dogs, he's all of that going on.
He says, well, I'll show you guys a thing or two.
I got like an ace in a hole, you know?
My ace in a hole.
Joe Rose.
So, you know, I just want you to up some days.
And some days we'll put that ace hole on there.
Don't forget Monday morning, crucial morning,
will Gellie show up or not?
Bye, bye, bye.
Can you do a russian show on 560 to MQA?
Miami for Mario.
I got done.
