Friday you first date.
All right.
I'm the third day of Hanukkah.
And the picture of my bed.
And her knees.
All right.
On the third day of Hanukkah.
My parents gave to me.
Really happy shirt.
Two thinking dreadles.
And the picture of my bed.
So why?
Well, you look it.
What's the weird thing on her head?
That's her face.
Hi.
On the fourth day of Hanukkah.
Hanukkah.
That's cool.
My parents gave to me.
Lousy kosher candy.
Three ugly shirts.
Two thinking dreadles.
Sing the dreadles song.
No.
Sing it.
I made it out of play.
And when the one is watching,
I'll throw the thing away.
No, but that nice.
Fight me.
Fight me.
I'm the fifth day of Hanukkah.
My parents yelled at me.
For one take a Christmas tree.
What?
What Jimmy's got one?
Maybe Jimmy's Catholic.
Oh.
And not watching candy.
Not watching shirts.
Not watching trade-holes.
Or a picture of my bed.
And her knees.
All right.
On the sixth day of Hanukkah.
My parents made me sing.
If I were a rich man,
I'd go and play the song every year.
In front of my bed,
in the next.
All right.
I think.
On the seventh day of Hanukkah.
Not bad.
My parents made me sing.
Seven greasy lockers.
Oh.
Here's my one little rich man.
I want a Christmas tree.
I want a Christmas tree.
I want a Christmas tree.
Christmas tree.
Now.
Hi.
Is this a cut?
On the eighth day of Hanukkah.
My parents gave to me.
Nothing that I wanted.
Seven greasy lockers.
If I were a rich man.
Where is my Christmas tree?
I'll be kosher candy.
Three ugly shirts.
Two stinking trade-holes.
And a picture of my bed.
And her knees.
All right.
On the sixth day of Hanukkah.
Hey.
Speaking of religious intolerance,
one I love every year at this time.
There's always that element of people of Goiom,
who say, oh, well, don't you have a Christmas tree in your house?
Right.
No, we're Jewish.
Or no, we're in atheists.
Or no, we're whatever we are.
You can say, don't you have a test for you statue in your house?
Yeah, right.
Aren't you a choking and chicken on your front door today at noon?
Well.
Back door.
So Georgia's going to read us the results yesterday's poll.
You son of a bitch.
He would like to do that, but he can't do it.
By the way, everybody who calls today be sure in West Georgia happy birthday
because tomorrow.
With Georgia's birthday, he turns 85.
Yeah, might as well.
So everybody in course, George, because of the fact that Mars' birthday
has got two appearances instead of one.
That's right.
It's the birthday party.
Which they should kill some good time.
Do they readin' at the charity drive?
Oh my god.
That book is like a book.
A banded pet rescue.
And yes, that is our charity.
We're very proud of it for that asshole that called again this year.
It's quite yesterday, no less.
43,840 bucks.
So they will for sure go over 44 grand.
And then we'll get over 50.
Today's only December number five.
Here's the results yesterday's poll.
Although I think before we do that, let's give the story of the day.
Got a lot more Michael Jackson crap.
We got Rush Limbaugh crap.
We got Lawrence Phillips crap.
Honey like that.
Haven't heard his name in a long time.
In a coons age.
Woman gets 10 years for running over McDonald's manager.
All right.
A McDonald's customer in Houston who flew into a violent rage
when she was denied mayonnaise on her cheeseburger got 10 years.
10 years in prison today for running over the restaurant's manager.
She was denied mayonnaise on her cheeseburger.
Didn't anybody tell her that that's trache?
Right.
It's got eggs.
Right.
The cheeseburger's kosher but not with that mayo.
When Edelm Nolan 37 could have received as much as 20 years in prison
for hitting Sherry Allen Jenkins with her car, dragging the employee across the parking lot
and breaking her pelvis at the McDonald's in Southwest Houston.
Nolan showed a little emotion yesterday afternoon when the jury came back with a punishment after four hours of deliberation.
Earlier yesterday, however, the jury heard testimony in the punishment phase of Nolan's trial.
Her 43-year-old victim tearfully said she couldn't pick up her grandchildren because of injury she suffered in the incident.
I put the mayonnaise on her burger Jenkins told the jury.
I took the onions and the mustard off.
What did I do?
Juries took less than an hour to convict Nolan of aggravated assault in the courtroom of state district judge Brock Thomas.
Nolan testified she thought she had rolled over a bump when she ran over the jacket.
Right.
The incident began when an 18-year-old employee working at the drive-through window near Bissene and Bellway
told Nolan mayonnaise was not an option on McDonald's cheeseburger.
When Nolan became angry, she was encouraged to pull her car around the window to the window counter and speak to the manager.
Witnesses said Nolan cursed him through a cheeseburger back through the drive-through window.
When Jenkins offered a special order cheeseburger with mayonnaise, Witnesses said Nolan complained her French fries had grown cold.
After receiving new fries, she then demanded a new drink.
Unable to pacify the management customer, Jenkins finally called the police, so I have to get the customer's license plate number, Jenkins walked out to the drive-through line to get the number.
Nolan testified she had instanted her car forward to put ketchup on her burger when she heard a car horn, realizing she was blocking drive-through traffic.
She said she gunned her car forward to hit Jenkins.
She floored it.
After running over Jenkins, Witnesses said Nolan sped for the parking lot and drove into oncoming traffic on a one-way feeder road.
She was arrested at her home after a man who saw the assault followed her and reported her plate to the police.
How do you like that? Over Mayo.
Only 10 years?
What a crazy ass bitch. What a miserable nasty slut.
And speaking of crazy ass people, let me give the poll results.
On a personal level, how do you feel about George W Bush we asked yesterday?
1419 vote.
And you couldn't crack 12% by the way. They tried very hard, the bush-lookers.
They got him, goose them up, there are a couple times, then even 12% but the final total he ain't going to cut it.
Of the positive votes, 11.8.
On a personal level, how do you feel about George W Bush?
He's a bumble-giddy at wins, 454.
I hate him like poison, 360.
He's a compulsive, devious liar, 248.
He means well, but he's over his head, I'm sorry, they tried very hard, the bush-lookers.
They got him, goose them up, there are a couple times, then even 12% but the final total he ain't going to cut it.
Of the positive votes, 11.8.
On a personal level, how do you feel about George W Bush?
He's a bumble-giddy at wins, 454.
I hate him like poison, 360.
He's a compulsive, devious liar, 248.
He mirror-wanna people, they just, you know, rod in jail forever, especially in your state.
Banditory.
Right.
But scumbags who keep molesting and raping and abusing and this and all of these things.
Well, they slap my arrest and he put them back out on the street again.
Like Lawrence Phillips and like that Rodriguez scumbag.
Right.
Paco.
Phillips who started at the University of Nebraska was also charged with assault and uttering threats.
Police ate the incident involving his girlfriend to replace in Montreal of Ember 27.
Phillips 28 was remained in custody until the day after he failed to post $1,000 bail.
He was released by Calgary October 10th for disrupting practice by arguing with Coach Jim Baker over the team's offensive strategy.
He was released in May by the Montreal Allo Wets for feigning to meet what the team said were minimum behavioral standards.
Phillips insisted it was because he had demanded a major pay raise.
Due to a police record in the US, Phillips needed a government permit renewable each year to play in Canada.
While at Nebraska, Phillips pleaded no contest to domestic violence and a confrontation with a girlfriend to put it mildly a confrontation.
This is in the hurdle.
Confrontation.
That was when he stuck her in a goddamn locker.
Remember that?
Yes I did.
He beat her up and stuck her in the locker.
But it was a confrontation as a whole.
We got some Michael Jackson stuff.
It's kind of disturbing.
Now, of course, the show is in the New York Times.
Even the prestigious New York Times is often full of crap like they were yesterday.
About how the case against Jackson was like perhaps crumbling.
The case was, you know, right.
The case is looking pretty bad if you ask me.
Former sheriff's second child claimed in 1993 Jackson molested him and we got the inquiries to read,
which I noticed all the newspapers, including the South Florida papers, are picking up on now.
The only difference being the inquire picked us up days ago and it was any issue I picked up yesterday on the newsstand,
which now it appears in all the newspapers.
Secret witness, I saw Michael do it.
You're going to read that?
Yes.
He do it.
And then of course we got the Rush Limbaugh crap, man.
Man, is he got some crap?
And of course you do realize it's just a witch hunt.
You don't say that.
Fish in that.
Fish in expedition.
Everybody whip out your pole.
Stick a worm on the end of it.
Because we're going fishing.
Yeah.
He was going shopping, not fishing, shopping for doctors, so they say he has a legitimate need.
He had a legitimate pill poppin' eat, so that's what's on the agenda.
Let's see the first poll today.
Let's do the first one.
We got two polls again.
Plus we got no spots today.
We're having to go on out of business sale.
What?
Well, it's the holidays.
Why would anybody want to advertise during the December holidays?
Everybody has a 70% of their business for the whole year.
No, no, no, no.
He was going shopping, not fishing, shopping for doctors, so they say he has a legitimate need.
He had a legitimate pill poppin' eat, so that's what's on the agenda.
Let's see the first poll today.
Come on, baby.
Come play with these titties.
Okay.
Oh, so bright.
It's almost blinding like hurry satellites.
Them reindeer in the night.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Can I hear you never talk about that?
I guess Santa can't come down to your chimney if you live in a condo, right?
Right.
But if you're in soft floating living in a condo, you probably do it anyways.
Who would I want to see Sandy Claus?
17 votes.
That's all we got so far.
Them reindeer in the night.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
10, 19, never talk about that.
I guess Santa can't come down to your chimney if you live in a condo, right?
Right.
But if you're in soft floating living in a condo, you probably do it anyways.
Who would I want to see Sandy Claus?
17, any good.
Wait a minute.
Oh, and now it just came back and now I'm the one that's ringing.
This is a polished Schmidt man.
This is garbage.
One moment, please.
Jesus Christ.
Oh, and you wanted to know why this happens because every time there's a problem, I forgot about that.
Every time there's a problem with the internet down there, it messes up the phone thing up here.
Let's see if line one is working.
QAM.
Good morning.
How are you, kind sir?
Our phone is working.
How do you like that?
Thank the Lord for that.
Can you imagine?
I can say, it's a miracle.
It's a time of year for miracle.
I got news for you, man.
When anything works if QAM, it is a miracle.
You're right.
Listen, I referenced your list.
Believe me, I am as happy as any of that Mary Amal upon is out of office.
But you know how the media kind of sweeps stuff under the rug.
The woman she replaced with named Jane Carroll, a lifelong Republican.
She was in an office for 20 years.
She's the one who provided over that mess in 2000.
And the day after the election, she got her car drove to North Carolina.
There was no transition period.
Mary Amal if I started out in a ditch as it was.
So Mary deserve a lot of blame for being an idiot.
Yes.
But Jane Carroll, who everything that came from the Supervisor elections office had,
Jane Carroll and huge letters, a little tiny letters, Supervisor elections,
she was the self-worked.
And there's no dots.
So I see them flashing, but there's no dots.
Apparently no.
The internet, the connection is coming on just for like two seconds at a time.
Just fantastic.
Just enough to freak you out.
Just enough to give me elective teas.
We're going to punch up line two and see if I can hear it.
Hello.
Q.A.M.
Yeah, who you calling?
Neil.
This is Neil.
Neil, this is, I try to get you yesterday.
Go Pants is 6000 people, 6000 people.
Go Pants.
Well, click that thing, saw it.
Click it.
What?
He's clicking it.
Those are the clickers they give out, baby.
6000 people.
There was like maybe 3000 for that game to give the night.
So that make believe game against the guy.
I mean, that was pathetic.
That was saw.
Yeah, chronic.
But I can do it.
Do you know how long that guy's been calling the talk shows my god?
He's been around since before.
Heinrich Himmler was an infant.
Man.
So all the lines are smoking here, but I can't wait to see some dots.
Here's line nine to chronic line.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Sweet. I'm Carl from Orlando, man.
I call up the local radio station here with Silio.
Right.
I don't know anything about for all coming up here.
What do you mean for all coming up there?
Who's the first?
I'll get the girl supposed to be up in Orlando, but Silio.
Yeah, right.
Oh, man, that's a lie.
Who told you that crap?
No.
All right.
I guess this is not.
No, Silio is going to be on in Miami on WRFX starting January 5th.
Oh, okay.
I'm about to.
What is point zero, zero share?
Okay.
No, I thought he was going to be up in Orlando.
No, not that we know of, probably.
Okay, I'm sorry.
I get back in my way.
Ever wait.
We can.
Bring it.
Bring it.
Wow.
See even Jim Sarni finally caught on.
Did you get your stuff back?
Because my dots are back and lines are flashing frantically.
This is good.
No, this indicates we got somebody that just relax.
Okay, you know, it's an F-Dope place.
Yeah, that's just the way it is.
Here's the facts.
The internet is.
We apologize for the ineptitude of our engineering stamp.
I think back all the good things I said about Fixit.
He's an idiot.
Uh, changes in the morning at WRFX, where it's Jim Sarni.
Well, this last guy that called for more land though,
he couldn't hear it either, right?
Uh, he was just all bruckless to call and get the, uh, the,
the straight poop, get the lowdown, get the dope on, formal,
but the friendly co-driver, Orlando, that we know of at any rate.
Carl Foster's morning bullpen is gone.
All right.
Dan Sillio show is coming.
That's what Jim Sarni writes.
The morning, of course, we told you this yesterday.
The morning bullpen ended its run on WRFX last week
when Foster's contract with Clear Channel expired.
Foster said he'll announce new plans for the morning bullpen
and other shows this week.
Right.
Sillio, the former U of M player, host of talk show,
and WQTM, the lowly last place rated 740 AM in Orlando,
will add WRFX to the mix on January 5th, 6th to 9 AM.
Sillio, Sillio, continue to be based in Orlando,
but he says it'll have appeared to South Florida fans
who really want to hear about the magic in the Tampa Bay Bucks
and all those things.
And the Jaguar is all of these things.
But crap.
We got some heavy duty crap coming up.
Former sheriff says second child claimed in 1993
that Michael molested him.
And then we got the big stuff here.
Secret witness.
I witness.
I saw Michael do it from the inquire,
which I'm going to read in its entirety.
We got the Rush Limbaugh Doctor Shopping Story.
Hey, now.
People of Florida say as far as a pain in any taxes
for a stadium for the Marlins, the people say 80 to a 15%.
On hot-due clothes.
And speaking of polls, good news.
Bush is a support in Florida, dropping like a rock.
Excellent news.
And even more excellent news.
Just relax.
Is that Howard Dean is moved into lead among Democratic contenders.
Six months ago, he had 1% in Florida.
And the latest poll, he's got 16% leading very nearly West Park 15
and Jew Lieberman, who was leading before, has got 15.
I think a few of them old Jews that supported Lieberman probably died in the interim.
Now, we got a heavy play this for his stuff going on this weekend.
Let's see.
From 11 to 1 today,
Joanne Markle, be at the singular wireless at 119-25 West Sunrise Boulevard there,
kicking off their second annual Joanne Mark toy drive to benefit the Joanne Massey
or Children's Hospital, and also they'll have the best in Neal Merchandise as well.
They'll be 11 to 1 at the singular wireless, 119-25 West Sunrise Boulevard,
and then later today, 4-6 to Vanneble be at Hollywood Chrysler Jeep located at 2100 North
State Road, 7th just north of Sheridan Street, and tomorrow on Georgia's Birthday.
You can go buy a wish-dure to Happy Birthday and get our best meal stuff.
Tomorrow noon to 2 Georgia will be at 4 Lauderdale imports or Lauderdale imports,
whatever it's called, Lauderdale imports slash BMW, at 1,400 South Federal Highway
and 4-1 at the singular wireless, 119-25 West Sunrise Boulevard,
and then later today, 4-6 to Vanneble be at Hollywood Chrysler Jeep located at 2100 North
State Road, 7th just north of Sheridan Street, and tomorrow on Georgia's Birthday.
You can go buy a wish-dure to Happy Birthday and get our best meal stuff.
Tomorrow noon to 2 Georgia will be at 4 Lauderdale imports or Lauderdale imports,
whatever it's called, Lauderdale imports slash BMW, at 2,400 South Federal Highway
and 4-1 at the singular wireless, 119-25 West Sunrise Boulevard,
119-25 West Sunrise Boulevard,
another January, August 2000 North State Road, 7300 South Federal Highway,
We would like to see the bully you get laid.
It's for his birthday.
It's for his birthday.
We hope this time.
We put a brother on our bed.
1031, happy birthday to George.
And by the way, I got some special news for it.
Right, Lauderdale passed a long message when I was down there.
But I've saved it for the day before your birthday.
Yeah.
I wanted to thank you profusely for turning him on to eating ants.
Oh, I know, Swatsky.
That's why he did have to shave off his mustache.
I wanted to avoid leaving any trail of evidence behind.
You want to leave no hairs on Anzass?
But he said he's having a time of his life over there.
Channel 10 just eaten every ants that comes by his poos.
I was thinking about that yesterday about that whole episode.
We still have that tape.
I have it on a file.
Oh, man.
If we could ever put that on our website, all of the people at Channel 10 might get in beer ass.
But that's okay.
It should be public domain by now, shouldn't it?
Sure.
Yeah.
They're talking about you.
They're talking about eating ass.
Eating ass.
That was a whole maddy-belfhing.
And they played the wrong tape in Dwight Lauderdale sitting there about a shrift-based as you can get.
Oh, that meal sure is funny.
Yeah, right.
77 votes on a pool.
In fact, if they would have kept talking about eating ass, Channel 10 probably have an 80 share down there.
But they don't.
They didn't wise up.
And, do you think that done?
No.
Approved to that?
I know Todd Tungan liked it.
Who's credibility took the biggest hit in the past five years?
We got 77 votes.
We apologize again to the people who can't hear me talking right now.
The phone is as spastic you should know.
Yeah.
And that is I have dots right now and I see lines flashing.
But then I notice lines keep flashing.
But every now and then the dots go out, which means there's no point in pushing them up at that point.
See what I'm saying?
Extrify.
It's a mess.
It's a technical mess.
It's what we specialize in at WQAM.
A technical disaster.
And Duff is sitting in there with his head deep inside.
Clarence's ass.
Checking everything out for the weekend.
And nothing's going on.
Are there engineers in there frantically?
And do one stuff now or not?
I saw somebody.
I don't know.
Right.
82 votes from 36 say Rush Limbaugh's credibility took the biggest hit in the past five years.
Top of a couple of more rush.
He's out shopping for doctors right now.
Hey, he had legitimate need.
Yeah.
Not like those medical medical medical.
It's a fishing expedition.
Tony Blair 14, Colin Powell 12.
Look who's out there.
Just a second he was under Colin Powell.
Right.
Jesse Jackson 8 with that love child.
I went to hell though that love child thing happened.
I like two years ago.
There you go.
Miriam Elephant 6, Michael Jackson 4.
And I guess assuming that he never had a credibility anyway because the first episode's plural took place in 93, which is 10 years ago.
And Pat Roddy's got a pair out of 82 votes.
Pat Roddy's got a small pair but does have nice slick back here.
And does listen to this show.
Hi, don't pat.
What a pleasure right now.
Look at that on the screen right now.
What's that?
Catholic sex scandal forces sale of mansion.
That's the story we had yesterday.
Dollar bill to settle abuse claims.
The building in land had been valued from 14 to $100 million.
Right.
85 million they said they're going to hope to raise from that sale of that building.
They got to raise money to pay for their pedophiles speaking to Michael Jackson.
I'll tell you one thing.
I wish that the media was his outrage.
They were for like a few weeks there and then of course they had a Vatican and a dog in pony show in Houston.
And they had the media or Dallas or whatever the hell it was.
And you know, oh well, this is outrageous and we're not going to tolerate this.
And at the meantime it's still going on.
You can bet your life on that.
You can bet a million dollars even if you don't have it on that.
That's still going on every single day.
Former sheriff's second child claimed in 1993 that Jackson molested him.
Oi!
Former Santa Barbara sheriff Jim Thomas said there is a second child who claimed in 1993 that Michael Jackson molested him.
Those accusations were audio tape but not videotape the sheriff be saying.
Sources close to the prosecution in the current alleged molestation case against the pop star say that the second alleged 1993 victim could be called a testify.
Unlike 1993 when he was much younger and frightened.
He was a scared.
District Attorney Tom Stedden said Thursday he still plans to file charges in mid-December against Jackson.
For the singer's alleged molestation of another boy more recently, he also scoffed at published reports that speculate the cases week because charges have not yet been filed.
Everything will become clear when the charges are filed, so nothing be seen.
The New York Times really blew that yesterday.
We apologize to the New York Times that they are under a lot of stress.
Their credibility is a waning.
Jackson 45, well we know that.
Jackson, the defense attorney Mark Garragos did not return several phone calls seeking comment about the second alleged victim in 1993 but a source posted a defense told CNN he believes the defense is aware of such claims.
In other words now all of a sudden they quit opening up a big mouth.
Well we're going to come down like an elephant squashing an ant on you if you hear.
Now that more stuff is coming out, including that the story from the inquire which I'm going to read in its entirety momentarily, I guess we'll do much reading today because the phone is like touch and go you know.
But what we'll get some calls in here because the show ain't crap about all those great calls.
That's right.
Charges were never filed in 1993 after the first alleged victim dropped out of any criminal proceedings when his family settled with Jackson reportedly for millions of dollars 15.3 so they say those who know best.
Thomas who conducted the decade old investigation in the molestation charges and cooperation with the lay police told CNN yesterday the second accused of a 1993 a boy aged nine or 10 at the time.
Decided he was too ashamed to testify against Jackson and didn't want his friends to know.
The parents also did not want the boy or themselves subjected to a take no prisoners defense. Thomas said.
The child didn't want to testify and we can't force the child to testify so we never went forward. He'd be saying a source close to the current prosecution confirmed to CNN.
There was a second alleged victim in 1993. Thomas said he believed the second child would have gone forward with the allegations had other alleged victims come forward.
He said the case was strong but it would have been up to a jury to decide and it never got that far.
The allegations by the second child did not go to the same level of molestation as that detailed and graphic declaration by the first alleged victim in 1993 sources familiar with the auto tape statement said but the same sources described the second claim is credible and said the pattern was similar to how Jackson courted and seduced his special friends as investigators refer to the boys.
The former sheriff said a pair of the second boy intervened upon learning of his alleged molestation and severed contact with Jackson. The pair was angry pissed foaming at them outside Thomas.
The former sheriff's investigators all over the country and as far as the Philippines to investigate other reports of sexual molestation by the loved one.
How do you like that? I hope they fry his freaking stupid ass. Yeah so sick and tired not only at him but those assholes who defend him.
Did you see that thing out there this morning? Sure did one of those black charities that he gives money to see everybody wants their hand in the trough that's why Latoya changed her tune all of a sudden.
The same Latoya that ten years ago was just rip him an ass. That damn bag and I can't stand it. Yes and again Latoya. That damn bag and I can't stand it. You go girl.
So sick and tired of these nauseating assholes bunch of sparks is out there demonstrating a Michael Michael yeah because because they want to continue living off the trough.
Sure. But all his charitable donations. Right. Just make me and the same little toy and arrest the family. You know what's his name?
Jim a bit of a jibbadaia right. Yeah but is it your main to the case what he has to say that's the question I think the answer is no.
He don't want to stop that gravy train okay he's just like a hungry dog man he wants that gravy train to keep on coming.
Speaking of dogs Florida investigators have rated Rush Limbaugh's doctors offices and sees his medical records in the first sign the radio job could face criminal charges for buying black market drugs.
I love the way they refer to him as the radio jock you know. Yeah. Nobody's a talk show host there a jock a dish. Jackie.
Talked or maybe just wears a jock probably a real big one. The blockbuster development was revealed yesterday in search warrants that accused Limbaugh of doctor shopping to find a steady supply of under the counter painkillers under the counter.
Mister Limbaugh's actions violate the letter in spirit of the law one of the warrants said on file of the Palm Beach County Courthouse.
Limbaugh lined up four doctors to provide him with controlled substances and alternated positions to obtain overlapping prescriptions according to words that were issued November 25 before cops rated the orifices in West Palm Beach in Jupiter.
The right wing radio jock has not been charged with a crime yet and an apparent bid to blunt the impact of the revelations limbaugh said on the syndicated show yesterday that prosecutors want a fishing expedition.
Let us make our position clear Rush Limbaugh is not part of a drug ring limbaugh said reading from a script prepared by defense attorney Roy Black.
We won't speculate on why the state attorney's office is handling Mister Limbaugh's case the way it is.
The Palm Beach County state's attorney whose painkiller probe ensnared limbaugh issued a statement saying that only that only that all medical records have been obtained by court sanctioned search warrants.
New York criminal defense attorney Louis I Dallas said it appears investigators are building a case specifically against Limbaugh that could be bought before a grand jury.
Oh right.
There will be an assistant made whether to prosecute I Dallas.
So I guess that Mr Limbaugh is having a few sleepless nights these days limbaugh who recently fessed up to being a painkiller junkie denied doing anything or criminally yesterday said he was being singled out because of his prominence and well known political opinions and being a big fat hypocrite.
Oh, limbaugh who lives in a $24 million Palm Beach palace went into rehab five weeks in October after the probe was revealed admitted being hooked on prescription painkillers including oxycutton and hydrocodone which he took for back pain.
I always also causes hearing just about disappear and everybody have all that sympathy for poor rush.
You know, I know it's good for sleepless nights.
I can't even stand the smell of that damn rush.
Why, why, and local, we're sports radio five sixty-seeing UAM.
Yeah!
Take to bat day, which nipping doon?
He do the rush struggle limbaugh, bouncing off the walls in a rehab room.
He do the rush struggle limbaugh.
Limbaugh who lives in a rush struggle limbaugh.
He do the rush struggle limbaugh.
Limbaugh who lives in a rush struggle limbaugh.
He do the rush struggle limbaugh.
Unknown from got in April and rotten, he do the rush struggle limbaugh.
Snortin' and poppin' in eagle ackey got him, he do the rush struggle limbaugh.
Limbaugh who lives in a rush struggle limbaugh.
He do the rush struggle limbaugh, limbaugh.
He do the rush struggle limbaugh.
You, girl, candy, I had a sniff in my friends.
A sniff in me.
It's done.
We met before the heat of the storm.
Under the rug is where the stories go,
He do the rust, ruck, limba, damage controls,
So they can fit in holding.
He do the rust, ruck, limba, limba, limba, limba.
He do the rust, ruck, limba, limba, limba, limba.
He do the rust, ruck, limba.
We'll tell you the course I'm loaned from his neighborhood records.
Gold Rush, this is in this week's inquire that December 16 issue.
I told you that we always get for whatever reason here.
The taboids luckily, several days ahead.
I don't know why.
We don't get them at all here anymore.
You don't get the internet, you don't get the taboids,
You don't get your bonus, until they damn well feel like we have that.
Right.
You don't get much of anything.
Don't get laid, that's for sure.
Sores.
Authorities probe his drug debt for a housekeeper to a housekeeper.
The inquire exclusive from Billy Rushlinba's secret addiction to black market painkillers disclosed
that the super rich radio host went deeply in debt to his drug supplying ex housekeeper.
Well that I tell you I don't know why, there are drinking kunnen.
Now I've heard that some day I'm a big bad brat lately but probably I just haven't amplified my porky balls this week.
and Jerry Lewis is too. Are you sure? Well, kind of. And now the 50s meet the 80s to form
a supergroup for the new millennium introducing Jerry Lewis and the news. Hey lady, the heart
of rock and roll, heart of rock and roll is still beating through the ventricles and
the AR didn't clean well and already would ship wagon and the flaggool and all those places.
The King of Comedy is about to become the Prince of Pop. It's Jerry Lewis and the news.
Hey lady, oh please I'd like a new drug, you know me those ways. It is a nice man, the
pharmacist type person and the white goat ladies eyes, I'm here thank you. Hey, it's hip to
be square and it's even hipper to buy something round like the new CD from Jerry Lewis and the news.
Available, you can find it wherever find record is sold with a nice man behind the gown that
they have you find it with the nice lady person. Okay, well, I hear the pictures in the
inquire moon face comic, Jerry Lewis. It's 51 pounds in rehab. It looks not too bad. Yeah,
not that I'm all that pleased about it or that concerned because we would just go away.
But it's got this side by each picture is the one with the humongous fat face that looks like a
boof photo like somebody stuck a tube up in his esophagus and just pumped up his head and then
the other one next to that where he looks a lot more like him. Aren't you excited? Oh, thrilled.
He's weaning himself off prednisone the drug that made him ballooned 250 pounds. He looks like
himself again in Tampa to march for its show in Las Vegas. He's lost 51 pounds while we're
rehabbing a pal says the 77 year old star is feeling great. They'll soon be back at work. He's
definitely going to beat his addiction to prednisone. He's got a fantastic attitude even then we find
him obnoxious disgusting and a real pain in the ass and old and the tired. He's got a lot of
energy he's going to make good as vow to be out of we haven't performed march for it at the
Orleans Hotel in Casino. How about you you'll be there for that? Oh yeah, Bell's on. Okay,
well now that we got the dodge back and we got the phone out you got everything is the internet
back or what? No. Oh, well I better grab these real quick like because I bet they'll be real good. WQAM.
Hello. See, I know it's working but they're just they're just playing with me. Well, there's
only two lines that were flashing. How many lines you got? I only got one now. Three. You have
three? Yeah, but not just as I said that and looked up now there are three four. WQAM. Yeah,
I can't believe George doesn't know about Pat Tornillo. Isn't that pathetic? Who? Pat Tornillo.
Right. The United Teachers of Dave. Right. Criminal. Criminal. I was stealing out of the
teacher's pension fund. Way to jail. Oh, that guy. That's the guy. You know something? Yeah. Pat,
he's not even on the podium. I keep looking over there and he's not on the podium. These guys
today they're just taking a busman's holiday today. I'm fine. You got it. Thanks a lot,
Pally. Have a great weekend. That's the terror. Well, you fact that the air but Eric is a little bit
slow. He's got baloney sandwiches under each armpit. He's got 14 beef burritos under his chin. In
fact, he looks a little like Jerry Lewis today and he's got a beef burrito with extra beans in his
push right now as we speak. So he's a little tied up so to speak but he'll get around to it when
he's good and ready. This is exciting. We got the. Oh, you know what? We do have the clock is back.
Hey, the dots, the lines are flashing like crazy. WQ I am. Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. We have the same
internet providers. You guys, we've been down since yesterday and so have a couple of other
businesses in our area. We're little with the library doing our paperwork because we can't do
anything online. Not even the dollar is working. Isn't that pathetic? Yeah. And I talked to some
other people who use, you know, companies who who lease lines from. They're also having problems.
Damn it. I tell you right. There's a special. There's a special place in
purgatory. It's not your people's fault this time. Okay, that's it. That's the first. Thanks a lot,
pal. I got lucky. Okay. See it. The library. Okay. There's a guy. How do you like that? So it's
not an internal thing. It was an external but now how come I came back? But you still don't have
the internet up? No. Well, I better take a whole lot of calls real fast like I said. Because I
got faxes here. I got stories up the ass. But we better just take a lot of calls. In other words,
strike while he iron is hot. Remember that saying? I don't know what that means. WDQAM.
WQAM. Hello. It's both out of a bit. Oh, he and he, why does he always come up online?
Six. I wonder what are those things? WDQAM. Bush and Russell. Russell and Bush. Bush and
Krummi. Huh? Rummy and dummy. Maybe he's got it. Maybe he's been drinking gin.
Rummy. Oh, now look at that. Eight lines flashing frantically. But I don't see line nine flashing.
That's disturbing to me. That's my favorite line. WDQAM online. One. It's working now. Hello.
Hello. What's your name? I beg your pardon?
Is it a good morning? Good morning. This is Neil Rogers speaking.
Yes indeed. I want to hear a strange scream. Oh, happy birthday, George. This guy says.
Thank you. And I hope he gets a after the summer book, he should get a very big gift from you, Neil.
Right. Pat on the head. A little pat on the head. Also, I want a terrible thing about the weather
up at during the, they were my mom's during the dolphins game this week. In the wing,
yes. I'm not going to get any shots of Tom Brady picking his helmet off on the sidelines.
Damn it. You realize that? Well, I'll take a nap and wake up and see what the final score is.
Good luck, your pal. I see you. That good old Tom Brady, man. He just keeps rolling along.
He's elucinous here, though. You better take a look at him right now.
All you ladies and fags out there. He looks pretty good to me.
Did I see Dan rather last night? This story was on silencing voices of descent.
Oh, I got to get that on today. Also, this thing about the Phil Henry about the rip and rush on
here last night. Are you sure? That's what this guy says and his collar is calling and pissed off.
I see really good hopes for Tom Brady and then he's going to have a bit more roes like Tom Brady in the
Arctic hydrated rear. He's the holy shit. I won't roz you don't riot. I don't think so at
time we don't have much of age
...
All right excellent 45 year old man sleeping with little boys there those people to me. Oh no he's the he's the soft of the earth
He never stole a freight train. He's a great guy. He's just an ordinary or a guy. Yeah, I would have funny nose and looks like
Something out of a guy named Barbie Dolls shop
You know, he just look at that and he's like that
Everybody's doing it. Yeah, her traction cop the police gonna serve five years in juvenile facility. All right excellent
45 year old man sleeping with little boys there those people to me. Oh no he's the he's the soft of the earth
He never stole a freight train. He's a great guy. He's just an ordinary or a guy. Yeah, what a funny nose
What's better than a live radio show every morning on TV? Well just about anything
But that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teaming up with radio's original bad boy who now looks like an SD old lady
Listen Bernie. I'm a sell that intern as coffee sucks. Yes every morning
See I miss was new a tape of other people's county miss live on the air. I mean a hammer to bite into this muffin
Just somebody a best press one play playing you see his wild behind the scenes at it
I don't know me, but I am the Iman you're a walrus cook-cook-a-tune. I get me some fresh coffee or your fire
I miss he's irreverent. So I want to deal the pole
Topical so I want to deal with his water game. He's in coherent. I'll tell you what that
Is a government president?
And he's only on MSNBC a cable channel nobody watches and a bunch of AM radio stations nobody listens to
And that's somebody to get some fresh jiggle it's Irish
I love it. It's love in 32 or 560. What did you say I have to play?
The Arnold I apologize
Well, which one is that I don't know what it's called. I don't have a copy of it. They say I ran out of paper my fast machine. Hold on
It's the end of the world
That's kind of scary yeah, but then unlike there
I have an unlimited amount of paper here. I've cases and cases and reams hurry reams. It's just a paper up the ass
Well, we've got paper
Anyway, here's a silent thing voices of the sense somebody fact me that you see Dan rather last night
No, as a matter of fact somehow I missed any boy. This story was on
Activist Brett Burcy has made a profession out of annoying US presidents for nearly 40 years demonstrating for or against a variety of political causes but
As CBS news correspondent lead count reports while demonstrating during your presidential visit to South Carolina last year
Burcy was arrested and could now be facing up to six months in prison. It was the content of my sign that was the problem said Burcy
Our US secret service agent told Burcy neither he nor his anti-war poster belonged on a public corner
He said he couldn't be anywhere, but in a free speech zone
What you hear that I heard it the new thing but that so-called free speech zone wasn't outside the hangar where President Bush was
As speaking it wasn't across the street nor was it down the street
It was a half mile away where he couldn't be seen by the president. That's exactly Burcy's point
We are minimalized to the point of being invisible says Burcy the invisibility of protest is something that's new under the Bush administration
Few would argue controlling protest is one way to control security at the Philoppy Convention
The nominated Mr. Bush in 2000
Demonstrators were fenced in for fear violence would break out and it did
But an ACLU lawsuit charges the president's free speech zones are so far out of sight
They don't control protest instead. They make them disappear
There's nothing more fundamentally un-American and punishing people for the content of their speech said Chris Hansen of the ACLU
The suit sites more than a dozen instances all across the country where peaceful demonstrators were segregated from the rest of the public
When Mr. Bush's motorcade came to Neville Island, Pennsylvania last year
Probo citizens could lie in the curb and wave and cheer
But anti-bush protestors like referee Bill Neill retiree Bill Neill were ordered behind offense out of suddenly president in the press
My moment to speak out was taken away from me says Neill
No, God the secret service declined to discuss any specific case or comment on camera
But told CBS news the decisions made in the formulation of a security plan are based on security considerations not political consideration
Right sure they are just remember America's that a free speech is out fire fighters
We're spying to a blade to a blaze from three different points in the city also the same to Kalamazma black smoke
The sky over a junkyard as soon as they left their stations in for a longer day of this morning
20 cars stacked too high in a 20 foot trailer run firing the northwest corner of the sunrise sports car ink junkyard on the 900 block in Northwest
19th Avenue just off sunrise, but of our around 920 this morning
Just off-west sunrise
That is shame. Yeah, the fire was still burning at 10 30 but firefighters headed under control
Just a little local thing there for it so we're not out of touch, you know
We don't want to be out of touch like Tom Zicker. Yep
Neil and George when you have your internet back and now see you don't understand it
I got my internet right here. I can look up anything you like okay my internet works just fine
Go to worth a thousand dot com click on galleries click on religious shapes too and down the page
You'll find a great picture of Jesus juice
How do you like that fresh squeeze fresh clothes?
Jesus juice
Man well he did to a lot of work for Glenn Campbell he didn't live in Cincinnati oops. He's white not to worry Glenn
That's right his bizarre behavior might have instigated a little bit of
activity there what I get a little bit upset with people who might like if they're dark and big and fat and
Up here to be dangerous. Well like I still dead
Good old Nathan. I do like his hot dogs though
Mike Fax isn't says perhaps the station should contract direct way
Broadband satellite internet associated with direct TV right right Mike
He says it's sensational even faster than the connection we have here at work
And it only took six hours to install the dish
Pricey the service is a hundred bucks a month for the first 12 months and then 60 bucks thereafter
I certainly got what I paid for I'd recommend it to anyone says Mike that'd be a great idea, but they won't do it because it cost money
In fact even our direct TV is a work in no no no
I mean that's another joke and they always lie about these things like remember the time that
Volkham Brown was gonna FedEx me the disc for that week and come to find out that the station's FedEx are kind of enclosed because they didn't pay their bill
They didn't pay their FedEx bill and so they can they close the account
You're supposed to talk about that. Oh, I see I don't want to see the bees. These don't pay their bills
But you know what the bees these don't pay their bills
This is a publicly traded company on a guy damn stock exchange and they don't pay their bills
Just like George tomorrow's his birthday to get his bonus yet for the summer book. No. No. It's not overdue yet
What I whole overdue thing for crime. I'll love
Jesus God
So anyway getting back to the Phil Henry thing here's our really chronic faxus is got a chance to catch Phil Henry show last night
I immediately switched the dial at the sound of the pathetic panthers hockey a panthers didn't play last night
So maybe he's like a day is a little confused. What is the data?
And this it says December 5. He sent it today film was ripping Russian who asked
Brackham using words like fat and junkie and basically tearing him down
It was also interesting when he opened the phones to regular car as they began ripping him for his attack on a rush
That's right. What the hell how dare you do that?
Yes, he's stepping a little bit out of line. It says PS everyone here is going around saying
That's good. That's good news. I mean somebody must be listening and we're not going to be getting direct weight because it cost money
I'm sure it's fabulous and certainly a lot better than the service we already got that's out, but you know, it's one of them things
We've been fighting this battle for a hell of a long time
One more great reason out of thousands I can think I read off the top of my head for me not to be there any more than
Absolutely necessary then absolutely
Rush Limbaugh whose credibility took the biggest hit the past five years rush 117
Tony Blair 53
Colin Powell 41 Michael Jackson 27 Jesse Jackson 25
Miriam elephant 19 Pat Riley 6 and Pat Trinlow 2 out of 290 vote. We'll keep that until noon. By the way Eric will keep it until noon
Now see if I had a direct connection from here to Eric then we wouldn't have to worry about that. I could email him
A week ago. I'll call it
And noon will put on the other pull the second pull is going to be
Wait and this will be the one it'll be up there on the weekend. So this is the important one obviously the first one is just like a dry run
Just to kill a couple hours. I got dots by the way
Standby
What no, we have to grab my we can get them WQ a.m. Hello. Hey. Yes, you are higher
Hey listen, the thing was B.F. Net. Yeah
Well get this one
They're losing people's account information. They did it to me last night. I go in there and try to log in and everything just to kill a couple hours
I got dots by the way. Standby
What no, I don't know if we have to grab my we can get them WQ a.m. Hello. Hey, yes, how are you?
Hey listen, the thing was B.F. Net. Yeah, well get this one
They're losing people's account. Yeah, that support people. Mm-hmm
And they're telling me I don't exist either so I have to well how the hell did I log on to chat with you if my email is in valid
Sounds like free internet to me. Yeah, well, it was free internet now
I don't know what I got because I'm on the road and I'll probably go back to the house and probably pulled the phone lines out
Shit
They put a BS and BS man. I had good luck here. You'll need it. Okay. I do like that. Oh, that's very
nice. I really feel like at least the company. Here's a fact from somebody says credibility
Means someone was once credible. I can't vote for anyone on your list because I don't feel they were ever credible based on this criteria
I'd dominate Bill Clinton
He doesn't deserve his new persona created by the opposition. I think he is incredible
What happened to him more closely fits your question is to lose the most credibility in the Maronic public's eye
You buy that
Huh?
Well, too on it
I
We're sports radio five six
two a.m.
Politics religion which by the way today's the official day no more religion
His views on South Florida his taste in music his taste in movies
I don't agree with anything he says or I don't disagree with much he says. I think that's pretty good pull. There it is
There's what that's a pretty good poll. Oh
I thought you said yeah, there it is. I thought maybe you're probably back in number two went up there like as soon as I said it
Which would have been like magic I disagree with your sexuality
Yeah, right now. I was gonna put like my taste in men, you know
Not a good idea which in these you most strongly disagree with Neil about his politics
Religion the Lord made it so yeah his views on South Florida his taste in music his taste in movies
I don't agree with anything he says
And I don't disagree with much he says so there's some other choices on there
Now
How come we kill the other whole hour here of farting around
Yeah, what just two more to go farting around no seriously we kill the whole hour farting around and look at that lines dots
Go to Q.A.M.
Yes, go to your own right now Phil
Oh, I'm sorry lay it on me
So last night we go to the first batch of
Wait a minute is pa harvied junior that's his real name. Oh, we know that
Go ahead
I wouldn't call this wasn't important. Okay, you have to bring it makes a couple points
Bring it to the first batch is for the Christmas page and you know, it's the one they
Tellibis internationally. It's got the live animals and all that
Oh, so I got your act of that and we're seated next to two cameramen
And all of a sudden one of the cameramen turns to the other and says what the hell is he doing here? He must know somebody at the door
Now who would you imagine would be walking down the center of the center aisle making a big hubbub or who would be the last person
Where was this this is at the Baptist Church for our Shlomba
No
Big of hodler you know how are david plus
Jeff rumored yes really
Jeff rumored was it a Baptist church for Christmas pageant free food right
No, come on you're making this up. I swear as the Lord Jesus Christ is my wife. If it's free. It's me if it's free
It's me if it's free. It's me
Yeah, so you know, yeah, Jesus
Yelped out a couple of words in the itter. So I guess that made it worthwhile
That's right. Wow. It was just odd and I guess he was there with his mom. I'm not sure
With his mom
Have a good
Always like that Paul Harvey talking about
Why I always like that Paul Harvey James. It wasn't the rumor rumor was not at a Baptist church last
I was this man talking about I believe you like Paul Harvey Jr
Because he's ripping your friend rumored. That's why
Taking a cheap shot. Who do you think I am?
That's it
Nobody Q. I.m. Hey, you do. Yes, sir. I want to talk about your fault
I want to say I disagree with everything about you. I mean, I like this to be but I think you're a bag
I think you're wrong about religion
Right still like let's get these well. Let me ask you something. Do you like president bush?
Bush he's an idiot. Oh, there you go. So we found something we've read my turn all right
And Marie Christmas
House
See he's just trying to be a hard ass. We found something we agreed on plus the fact that this guy to just calls an asshole
We agree on that right? Yes, so there you go. You're coming together for the holidays
56705 60 we got dots up here on my phone baby. We got dots. We got dots through guts and
Hands and pots
And most bag
Watts
W. I.m. I can't do it
Well, this must be Reverend Jones. Hello. Yes, sir
I was also at the
Free church and guess who I thought coming down yeah
George Washington
Yeah, that was it
I think it gets it right
I'm oh my god, I sure hope he didn't show our chop down a guy named alter
That would have been bad
So Jeff rumor makes a guest appearance at a Baptist church in vocalist that are somewhere in Palm Beach County
I don't I find it so difficult and addition which his mother's been dead for a year
So I don't know what he's talking about I think it was a poor harby junior got some of Russia's
shipment while Russia's busy making all kinds of denials while Russia's doctor shopping
Or maybe he just outfishing like freighter on a fishing expedition. Oh my god
He didn't show out shop down a guy named alter
That would have been bad
So Jeff rumor makes a guest appearance at a Baptist church in vocalist note or somewhere in Palm Beach County
I don't I find it sort of and addition which his mother's been dead for a year
So I don't know what he's talking about yeah, I think about Harby Junior got some of Russia's shipment while Russia's busy
Making all kinds of denials while Russia's doctor shopping
Or maybe just just out fishing like freighter on a fishing expedition
WDQAM.
Three votes. He's popping it. Tony Blair 59. Colin Powell 47. Michael Freak in Jackson 36.
Jesse Jackson's got 30 man. Maria Elephant 25. Pat Riley 9 and Pat Tornelo's only got four.
All of that got a call. He had a good point. He wishes it was a lot more than just four,
but that's it. Here's the new poll going up there momentarily. I'm sure that before I even
finish reading it again, it'll be on your screen, won't it?
No. On who's free? Well, I didn't tell you how so I'm going to read it though.
I mean, oh, I got the dots. I got dots WDQAM.
Hello? Yes. Hello? Yes. I am the CEO of Rimmer at the Congregation's Alphone
Field. Yes. And look like he was being trailed by the Reverend Jones.
All right. I think they make a cute couple. Couple of what? Clowns. What's at ease? Do you
most strongly disagree with Neil about his politics? Oh, and look at that. It's up there.
Eric Man, you are the best. He probably can hear me now. You think? No, no. Well, I got
dots. So see, when I got dots, that means you know, the connection's working. It's streaming.
It's a score. It's pouring out all of our fine verbiage here on Neil Rogers Show.
Do you understand? Here's the schedule by the way. You got the Humper S4 after
you manage it to. And then why aren't we reading it backwards? Here's the schedule by the way.
You got the Humper S4 after you manage it to. And then why aren't we reading it backwards?
Then you got the Dave Wonstett, who was part of Hank's show at five to six to seven,
because it's Friday and at big games Sunday afternoon in New England, maybe in Foxboro.
The dolphins and the Patriots. To the Patriots, can afford to lose that game and guess what
they still look pretty good for the division. The dolphins for them if they lose, they really
got some tourists, maybe because if anybody thinks they don't take the Eagles with Frado,
St. Laudahale Marys. I mean, in his case, it can't hurt. Democrats want inquiry. See, I'm glad
that I have no dots right now because I, you know, it's already 12, 20. I've been screwing around.
I got too many important things here to make good bedtime stories. And I, at the risk of making
this one of those shows, you know, like we did last year, I don't want to do that in Omaha
too much, but these are too important. Even though probably nobody cares. Let's see. I wonder it says,
I wonder how many oxy-content pills Lush Limbole was taking. I used to be on two-odd
A.M. Hood that ever bind me up. Maybe that's why he's got such a bad altitude. I had to take a
jar of laxatives to unbind me. Oh, by the way, send this guy my mother's phone number. Okay.
So if Lush was on more than two-odd A, he had to be a blivit. A blivit is 10 pounds of
agement and a five-pound bag. You sure had to have him around when he blew up. Okay. Also,
Ray Denzel says, I wonder if he's kind of Denzel Washington. If so, loan us $50 million, please.
By the way, the internet's done again. The internet's what? Back off. Oh. But my dots just came back.
How can that be? W-Q-A-M? And it shows that I'm on the line, right? Yeah. W-Q-A-M, hello.
Bitch. Races. I love your show. Stumbled on a website called Thinking Quotes. I'm
faxing a few of them. Hope you enjoy. Right up your alley. Right. The stories are great. Keep up the
good work. Oh, here's a bunch of stuff. The surrendered ignorance and call it God has always
been premature. It remains premature today. They said Isaac Asimov, the brilliant science
fiction writer, Albert Einstein said a human being is part of the whole called by us universe,
a part limited in time and space. He experiences himself as thoughts and feelings as something
separated from the rest, kind of an optical delusion of his consciousness. Yadi, yadi, yadi,
it goes on. In other words, you're born, you live, and you die. Right? Right. You die. He also said,
my deeper legiosity found an abrupt ending at the age of 12 to the reading of popular scientific
books. That's what Einstein said. How do you like that? Wow. He says, the man's ethical
behavior should be based effectually on sympathy, education, social ties. No religious basis is
necessary. Man would indeed be in a poor way if he had to be restrained by fear of punishment,
hope, or reward after death. Oh, how well said Albert? Good Jewish boy. Margaret Mead said,
never doubt that a small group of thoughtful committed citizens can change the world. Indeed,
it's the only thing that ever had said the brilliant anthropologist she's dead, Margaret Mead.
Mark Twain said, I was gratified to be able to answer. What is this? In religion and politics,
people's beliefs and convictions are in almost every case gotten at second hand without examination.
The Bible has noble poetry in it and some good morals and a wealth of obscenity and upwards of
thousand or a thousand lies that was gratified to be able to answer promptly and I did, I said, I
didn't know. These are just like isolated quotes. A man is accepted in church for what he believes
and turned out for what he knows. That's cute. Thomas Edison said, you know how dumb he was. Right.
Say hello. Hello. I've never seen the slightest scientific proof of the religious
theories of heaven and hell of future life or individuals or a personal God. So said someone is
ignorant as Thomas Edison. Yeah, would here you go. They're always trying to tell you, oh, the most
brilliant scientists, the most brilliant ones of all time, they believed in God. They didn't,
they didn't. No, they did not. And even the founding fathers, the fathers, they were like deists,
which means, yeah, yeah, it's a poet. Right. Right. He's around somewhere. There's something
done his thing. There's something there like the ozone layer that used to be there, but it ain't no
more. I got that story too about report warns. There's no doubt industry is the primary cause of
global warming. He started up again. New evidence found by Ola Corotis, David Perlman.
Yeah, he must begin to Bob Perlman. You don't remember Bob Perlman? No, who was calling me at home.
Maybe that was before your time must have been. Wow. Somebody I went to Michigan State with,
who was trying to borrow money from me. I say new evidence found by teams of climate researchers
leaves no doubt that industrial emissions of greenhouse gases are responsible for increasing
global temperatures and ominous trend that has speeded up in the past 50 years and threatens to
continue for centuries, according to a report by two nations leading atmospheric scientists.
And of course, you can see it right here in front of your post as the weather is so bizarre and
strange and weird all over the world now. It's your imagination. The two government experts said a
climate change may prove to be humanity's greatest challenge and warned that it is very unlikely
to be adequately addressed without greatly improved international cooperation and action.
Ready for that? Yeah. Their published reports, their published comments reflected the growing
concerns of most climate experts over the White House stance. Neither scientist criticized the
Bush administration to be fused or ratified the Kyoto Treaty, but their published comments
reflected the growing concerns of most climate experts over their crappy altitude.
Well, there's no such thing as global warming anyway, right? It's your imagination. And you can't
warm up a plastic turkey. It's a left-wing eco-nazzy plot. Democrats want inquiry into reports of
Medicare bribe lawmaker allegedly offered cash to support prescription drug bills. This
should show you about your president bringing morality back to Washington. Right.
Democrats and illegal wants to a group of astaturned genital John Ashold to investigate
allegations that Republicans offered a House member a hundred thousand dollars in contributions for
his son's election campaign if he would vote for a Medicare prescription drug benefit passed by
Congress last month. Such an offer could be interpreted as a bribe that violates federal law,
no Schmidt Democrats and outside legal experts said. Ashold, Sposeman Mark Carallo said yesterday
that the Attorney General's Office will review a letter requesting an investigation from Democratic
National Committee Chairman Terry McCullough. Melanie Sloan, no relation to Ernie Sloan behind
the velvet rope, Melanie Sloan executive director of Citizens for Responsibility Ethics in Washington,
a nonpartisan legal watchdog group also wrote as crop demanding investigation. The attempted
bribery and extortion of a member of Congress on the House floor destroys the heart of our
democracy she wrote. I thought that was the game plan. Distoring the heart of our democracy.
Yeah. The alarming for support is common during close votes. The Republican successful effort in
the wee hours of November 22 stands out for several reasons. GOP leaders held the vote open for
nearly three hours. House Speaker Dennis Haster to customarily leave partisan arm-presting to others
was actively involved. So with cheesehead Tommy Thompson, President Bush and Secretary of HHS,
even though cabinet members seldom enter the House of Senate chambers. Media reports have alleged
that an undisclosed Republican told Representative Nick Smith, Republican Amishigan, that if he voted
for the bill, business interest would contribute $100,000 to help his son Brad succeed him. Smith
is not seeking reelection in 2004. His son is one of several Republican candidates running for
the seat. Not only was this bribe offered to a member of Congress it was offered on the floor of
the House of Representatives by another member of Congress McCullough wrote to the Umshis Ascraw.
The allegation was first reported in November 27 by syndicated columnist, the Umshis Robert Novak,
Kurt Schmoutz, a relation to Bobby Schmoutz, head of Smith's congressional staff said Smith
confirmed Novak's account is basically accurate. He said Smith had no further comment. How do you like that?
Oh man. The Umsh Smith said the incident is backfired in his district. A lot of
premier voters are disgusted with hardball politics in Washington. Smith did not support the bill.
Well good for him. But he's got sources because of it. How do you like that? I don't.
Here's our poll results so far which of these do you most strongly disagree with the ill about?
We got much has changed again. 109 votes. I don't disagree with anything. He says 60, 55 percent.
He's a freaking genius. Wow. His taste in music 15. Your mama. His politics 12. His views on South
Florida 10, religion 6, his taste in movies 3 and I don't agree with anything. He says 3 which
means George Duff and Josh voted.
You might mention my name's right, Mr. Gary.
That's now the right, the right, Marshall Delays. Headquarters in Washington. The Jim Baker singers.
Yourself Orange Mount!
dawg
Republican
isters
The Christmas presents on the ride
Say, I'm too
To repub the kid for a ride
I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm
Have yourself the passion's table
Christmas, May you find the day
Perhaps a digger and tie the two-your-trucks
Pale-gay
Have yourself the passion's Christmas table
With face
Merry Christmas
You're all general, how's that gonna show you?
Where are you at?
He told me to do
How are you today?
How did this man do in here?
1232-560 WQM
Um, yeah, I'm here to inquire on here
See one thing, I'm like the good old days
Or the bad old days
Now I'm totally prepared
Because I know that QM is technically inept at best
And even though this was a BS problem, evidently
Uh, there's always some reason, you know, some excuse
Right, it's Florida
Is that what it is?
Sure, we're cursed
My internet, my, uh, everything here is working a hunky-dory man
Fast is lightning
Which, uh, what do we got on the pool now?
160 votes, see?
Just take a look over there and this thing works like
Just like that
Like it always does
Drug tests for all at Chicago High School
A Catholic High School in Chicago announced plans yesterday to start drug testing all students next fall
So this is, it's just amazing
The Chicago Tribune said St. Patrick High School in Chicago
With that enrollment of about a thousand boys
Will become the first Chicago School to require drug test of all of its students
School officials told the Tribune
Here samples from the students will be used to screen for illegal drug such as marijuana
Oh my god
Cocaine and ecstasy but not steroids or booze
Oh I see, so marijuana is bad but steroids and booze are okay
Parents will, parents will be charged 60 bucks for the tests
Oh, I'm just soaking that in
So brother Conrad die bold, I wonder if he makes them vote machines
President of St. Patrick said the drug screening will help students deal with societal pressures
Right
He told the newspaper we do know that kids are under pressure and this gives them a chance to say no and say no with integrity
Students testing positive will not be disciplined but their parents will be notified
Officially, do you think they're called the pot police?
Officially said a second positive test could result in suspension or expulsion
The spirit of Christ expels you man
Well
And you know the public nothing shocks America man they just go right around their business
Oh wow you're just you know two worked up Neil just forget about it
Right, okay forgotten
Trampled Walmart chopper as history of injury claims
Woman is filed 16 previous claims nine at Walmart stores
Good, so there are as you go girl whatever her name is Patricia
Orange City Florida
A woman reported trampled last Friday by Walmart choppers desperate for $29.87 DVD players
Has a long history of claiming injuries from Walmart's and other businesses where she worked or shopped
Good for her
Patricia Van Lester 41 was knocked unconscious and her sister said trampled by a herd of elephants
By a stampede of shoppers reaching for DVD players that went on sale at 6 a.m.
That they after Thanksgiving courted Orange City police and the sister Linda Elsie
The story was picked up by the AP and carried newspapers in the media's four ways Australia and China an example
Some commentators have a pint of American access during the holiday shopping season
An investigation by WKMG local six reveals that Van Lester has filed 16 previous claims of injuries
At Walmart stores another place she has shopped or worked according to Walmart court files and state records
Her sister were committed to Friday and a visit to Walmart has also has also filed a prior injury claim against Walmart
Van Lester has her witness a company so in other words it's a family tag match family tag match
Van Lester is a witness a company spokeswoman said yesterday
Ask whether Van Lester's frequent injury claims might cast doubt on the veracity of her latest allegation or attorney David Els sweat
A port Orange said no sweat
No he said no comment
He did stress though that Van Lester has not filed a claimer if we decided to file one related the last week's incident
Walmart is reviewing store videotapes they've called up Warner Wolf let's go to the videotape as
We look into the claims spokeswoman Karen Berksett from the massive retailers bent into lock and saw headquarters
We'll investigate this claim as stories we have the other ten claims that this customer and her sister have brought against their stores in the past
Well, what a racket it's like to slip and fall con artists
Right
See some people don't really understand that there are such people
Yes, there are they called there are people who who who survive who make a living
Mm-hmm by going into like supermarkets and what they'll do is they'll like drop but they'll take like a jar of mayonnaise or something
Mm-hmm and while nobody is looking they'll like smear a little bit on the floor or something like that or they'll break something and like
Shimmer it on the floor and then oh my god my back, you know
And make sure they got somebody with them as a witness and then they sue for millions right and the fact of the matter is that most of the time
Big chains at any rate will settle out of court because they don't want to hassle and the expense of going to court
So okay, here you go here's 50,000 years on with thousand I
I had a friend I didn't know the people but he had a husband and wife a couple who made their living by doing slip and falls
Indy Troy
Ready for that? Yeah, no, I know all about it. That was their livelihood. What do you mean you know all about it?
You hear stories you see shows that kind of thing you meet gypsies
Oh gypsies? Sure. They know all of us. The ones who we pay for your driveway?
There's a book it's a big book like a giant encyclopedia of all of these scams and they do them all
Well see up until you started telling me about the gypsy stuff I never realized that gypsy the guy that does my driveway
Yeah, every year or two it comes around. No, no listen to me. Sorry. I know you told me that he does the tar job
You know, yeah, he does a good job and he doesn't talk me an arm like this because I don't know 70-80 bucks whatever it is and he puts down the new tar and it's
Does a great job and that's it. I don't care if he's a gypsy or what he is he does a good job if he does a good job
What do you do it every other every other year? Well whenever to hell maybe I don't do it every year well, you know the wear and tear and all of the crap
Maybe he's not doing such a good job. Why how often should you repay your driveway? I don't like every 10 years. Get out of here
About 30 man 10 years my ass. Okay. Well plus he's a nice guy, you know sure that of course they are. He's a nice gypsy.
I don't know if he's a gypsy. He might be an Irish traveler. Oh, that could be a two. He has a whole bunch of things or he might just be an honest
Been just been trying to make an honest buck and you're just a hard aspect. That's right. Always looking for some angle always looking for some reason that you don't like this one of that one. That's right.
Anyway, we got that story about it. I think we're gonna play stuff one or two. I think that was an excellent idea. Well, we have no dots.
We have a bonus bits hour. We'll play like a mohawi David's stuff which I got one in here the other day. Right. And we got like all like Christmas stuff like that one. I just played about the fascist F and Christmas. Right. Right.
I mean what else we're gonna do? I mean I could see her and talking. I feel like I've been out here for 20 hours today. Or nearly this thing zips by like you wouldn't believe.
But today I feel like I've been doing about a 40 hour marathon because half the time you're just gonna look it up there to see if you got any dots. I got like dots dancing in front of my eyelids right now from just looking at that stupid screen.
And then you have no internet. See that's another thing you say if I was there I could take the calls but we have no poll today. Right. Eric could fact it to you.
It would not be great like old days again. That was pathetic. Remember that? Yeah I do. Yeah. We'll back before we hit before I spent the money to get a computer in here. We used to have Eric. We take the poll. Eric used to have to fax me to results.
When I was there in a damn thing would go down every year five minutes. He'd have to fax me to results because the internet connection there sucks.
Which in these you most strongly disagree with Neil about 176 votes. I don't disagree with much he says 91. His taste in music 28. His politics 19. His views on South Florida which I hate like poison by the way 16.
Religion 12. I don't agree with anything he says seven but they're listening. You're listening. And last but not least his taste in movies three.
I guess you may maybe even get one of those voted on that. Miguel your advice guy you look good and all the other stuff but you're cool. It's me.
If it ever just made a cameo appearance to be a little ugly.
If Sarah would have just one time said I think it was at that party though. He was at what party? The party at the end. Oh yeah. The asked last party. Yeah. The end to end party.
It's a great movie. It's one of the greatest of all time and I don't care what you say Magnolia. I'm going to rewatch Magnolia this weekend. I'm going to make I'm going to put it on my calendar right now.
Oh good. I don't care what anybody says. I love Magnolia. It's just what you can have. Now you're finally a man. You don't even like it. I did like it up until it didn't end.
What? Up until the non end. I like that. Oh you mean like Fargo? Fargo ended. Yeah real abrupt like. They couldn't think of anything else to do. But it came to an end. They caught him and it's over.
Yeah. That was it like. There you go. That's the end of the movie. It's like it's like they ran out of film. Oh we're almost at the end of the real. Let's not waste another one. It went with a good movie. I liked it. I like what it makes me see. I think his performance in Magnolia was better. I agree. He was great. And was the guy from laughing?
Robin Martin. No no seriously. They got to play the Fag in the bar. I mean that scene of course. Oh yeah. You know what they might have. Oh Christ I can't think of his name. Oh they were grown seen. No. Oh no. Oh man. I'm going to have to run any other one. We get the movie out. Damn it. God I'll play something. I don't have it. I loaned it to somebody. Oh damn it.
1700 US soldiers quit Iraq says the French magazine. What French magazine? Oh, lock an art. Let's read. Lake an art. A thousand and seven hundred US soldiers that 17 ember. It sounds like they may have deserted. They're posting Iraq with many of them failing to return to military duty. After getting permission to go back to the US. According to the French weekly magazine. Lake an art. I'll show.
The magazine known for its satires and expos at the French are disgusting. They really are. And if you go to my funeral man. If you don't speak French. They're just as bad as in Paris. They'll look at you up. They've lost. They hate you. The magazine known for its satires and expos. They said the French intelligence agency.
The information was described as an American colleague. Setting a senior French official post in Washington. The magazine also said that 7,000 US soldiers have left Iraq allegedly due to psychological troubles and other illnesses. Some twenty two hundred other sustained serious injuries including the loss of limbs. It said. Well, they're giving us those stats because of course the US doesn't give injuries statistics because it's too embarrassing and depressing. And speaking of a bear this this worked out good. Catholic church in Ireland releases study of sexual abuse by priests.
Roman Catholic bishops doubling their pleasure release a damning report on their handling of child sex abuse scandals apologize just to the impromised to improve systems for protecting children. Anybody buy it? No.
The 332 page report the fruit of two years of work by psychologists to the world. Colleges of surgeons in Ireland. The tale that damage the scandals of the end of victims. The church and wider society in this overwhelming the Catholic nation of Ireland.
But a lot of those past the Irishman and women. This study makes painful reading not least for a bishops at our spiss of Sean Brady no relation to Tommy.
Present of the Irish bishops conference and leader of Ireland's former in catlicks. It tells of mistakes made in responding to those who came to the church seeking sensitivity and compassion.
They sought sensitivity and compassion. You know what the church gave them instead? Right. A smack in the head. More than a hundred Irish clergy have been convicted of sex offenses in the last decade.
The scandals toppled a government in 1994 after the Irish attorney general delayed extra edition of a priest wanted on sex abuse charges in neighboring Northern Ireland.
We're to busy killing each other all the goy. A compensation tribunal formed earlier this year is expected to pay up to $700 million.
$700 million. A thousand of claimants were allegedly suffered abuse in church runs schools work houses and orphanages from the 1940s to the 80s.
The government agreed to put most of the bill because it had the ultimate responsibility for supervising institutions.
And then it goes on about pledging to do this and pledging to do that.
Yadi yadi yadi. We're searchers surveyed a thousand 81 citizens by phone and conducted face-to-face interviews with seven victims of molestation.
And a clergyman convicted a sex abuse crimes. And it's got all kinds of stats and they did this and they did it. Some 65% so they'd be happy if their child became an author server.
See, no column altar boys there an author's server because they have girls now. And 56% they'd be happy if their son would become a priest.
Ready for that? No. Me either. I'll tell you what I am ready for though.
Find the local. They want to find five cities. They're reuse all yours.
Two in.
But heads. It's the one to two hour.
It's the wonderful world of science with Professor Mo.
Hello there boys and girls. Today we're going to learn about an invisible substance incident.
And it ain't got nothing to do with fluids and juices. So you don't have to worry about it.
As a matter of fact it's a night. That's right boys and girls. It's a noble guest named for Ray Noble in his orchestra.
Now two of them in straight.
I get more.
White Geldie. What a surprise.
Uh, pray tell what brings you here.
I want to learn about this.
It's a noble gash of more.
Now here. Hold this tool.
Not that one in my pants.
I don't know what you're going to do.
You're going to my whole day.
Yeah. You're the same.
That's how.
Yeah. Is that the noble gash?
I can out of here you little picture before.
Wait a minute. Oh, I got something for you.
What do you got there?
A big potato.
Potatoes. But what?
You can make a battery out of a potato.
Yeah. I'm putting it in your jacket pants.
Oh no you don't. What do you think of some kind of maroon?
Man, you need a conductor.
All right.
There.
Now what are you?
Who's boy?
Not working yet.
Oh that make a white. I put it in my ass.
I'm the boy.
I'm the boy.
I'm the boy.
I'm the boy.
I'm the boy.
I'm the boy.
Someday you'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
So they will all be dead.
Are you sure?
Yes.
The make we're born, we start dying.
We die a little more every day.
Young or old, Richard, poor.
There's nothing we can do to stop it.
So look long at that Christmas tree.
It may be the last one that you see.
Dead, go, read your house in green and red.
Cause someday you'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Someday you'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
I'm the boy.
Someday we'll all be dead.
It might have been in a couple months or 50 years from now.
But no matter when it happens,
it will seem too soon to you.
So be sure on Christmas Eve when you snuck a little bit.
That you think God for your family.
Cause someday they'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Someday they'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
Who knows how many Christmas is left in their short life?
Nobody knows.
That's my point.
Enjoy the while you can.
And so on Christmas morning,
let good tidings do your head.
What a festive season.
Someday you'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Someday we'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Everyone you know, dead.
I'll bury Merry Christmas to you.
Dead, dead.
Merry Christmas, everybody.
Heart of the earth, the chains shall sing.
Hurry to the new morning.
Would be leader heaven said,
with their speech and bad in mind.
Christmas joy, their barely bringing.
Carol's room and nose and singing.
Jesus, too, it did us fall.
When he begged the sing this song,
we leave on the air lift, angel sing.
Hurry to the new morning.
But critics agree,
this collection of holiday songs
may very well be the most moving
and memorable of all time.
I do a mean number-why.
Christmas, just with the words I used to know.
Yes, had no wax music presents.
Elmer Fudds, Christmas classics,
and this 24-record set is truly incredible.
Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way.
Oh, what fun it is to hide in a one-horse open sweat.
Oh, what fun you'll have hearing these timeless classics,
performed by America's most beloved hotter of wavits.
Move off the wet nose-way dear,
had a very shining nose.
And if you ever saw where you would even say it was.
Elmer Fudds, Christmas classics, not available in stores,
and when you receive your set in the mail, you'll know why.
Hello, everybody.
I shall hope you like my Christmas classics.
So call toll-free.
One in 800, but operators are standing by.
Santa Claus is coming to town.
You've heard him sing on Alimic Veal,
and now Robert Downey Jr. sings just for you,
a collection of Robert Downey Jr. holiday classics.
This Christmas, I'm on the crack bike, but again.
Well, the judge has been so damn spiteful,
just because I had a pipe hole.
But your honor I've got to go.
Buy some blow, buy some blow, buy some blow.
Cutting through my coke with a rusty razor plate.
Lots of pot to smoke, trying to obey.
The cops all dressed in blue,
adding down my jeans.
Good thing for me that I swallowed my embed of means.
It's the most wonderful time of the year.
There'll be hookers that plenty is,
I pop a penny, chase down with a beer.
It's the most wonderful time of the year.
Robert Downey Jr. Christmas crack bike.
On the streets of Los Angeles,
at 2.45 am,
I hide the rock down in my sock,
I just bought seven of them.
It's a holiday album for the entire crack house.
I'll be in jail for Christmas.
All right.
You'll also hear Little Druggy Boy.
I saw Santa breaking several laws
and decked the halls with vows of potlants
with special appearances by Charlie Sheen,
Brent Butler, Willie Nelson,
and many other celebrities who've ruined their careers.
The Robert Downey Jr. Christmas album.
What are you doing this year, me?
I'll be in jail for Christmas.
You know Dancer, Comprince,
Dacia and Pixen,
Comit and Cuban, Donner and Blitzen.
But do you recall?
The most famous raiding of all.
The world of the well-hung reindeer.
Out of every lengthy house.
And when he got excited,
it stuck out way past his nose.
All of the other reindeer.
Wondered why the sled wouldn't go.
Seren's out there, Rudy's organ,
was getting stuck in the snow.
Then one soggy Christmas Eve,
Mrs. Santa came to say,
Rudolph, with your two so long,
won't you drive me on the lawn?
All of the reindeer hate him.
He's the favorite one to come.
Rudolph, the well-hung reindeer,
gets to bang Mrs. Claus.
On tonight's Action News,
Action News,
some Michael Jackson interview.
The most lovely thing to do is to share your beard with someone.
What else do you share with the children?
Might know,
his thighs,
a lower torso,
my buttocks,
my penis.
On tonight's Action News,
where the last four people he had sex with.
Brooksheel, Diner Ross,
Vanu-Lewis and Bubbles.
So Tracy and Kendall says,
Henry Gibson was in Magnor.
You're right. Thank you, Tracy.
She says he was great and had a great day in YouTube.
This was.
Now?
A bigger part?
I said yes he was.
He was a small.
I'm assuming that we're going to have the other 160 bucks,
so we're going to 135 bucks more for $44,000 from Joe and Mark.
Really?
In other words, they never called again?
Did they call again, Josh?
I haven't gotten an update.
Oh, my, well, what do you mean,
update? They're gone and they're done.
Hey, join Joe and Mark.
I love it a one-day oops.
That's Eastern time, not Central.
They're gone.
So in other words, they raised $20,
and the last time they went on,
did that they raised $20 bucks.
Well, how can they raise $25?
What do we have at $25?
Sandy gave that money.
Why see so in other words,
she just gave a donation.
I mean, she might have taken a CD.
I don't know, but she gave $25 bucks.
But she gave $25 bucks.
So in other words,
it was one piece again,
just like last time.
Only they may not be great, but they're consistent.
There's something bad going on there, man.
With that, with that whole deal.
Hey, I appreciate their efforts.
You can't complain about their efforts because, well,
they called it.
We got $65 bucks.
25 of it was from your neighbor.
Okay, $65 bucks.
So that's another 40.
So that's 905, 43905.
So that means we need another 95 bucks for 44 grand.
Well, certainly get that between 46 and Safnall and Miguel, right?
Oh, yeah.
Well, what are you talking about?
Miguel was okay,
not like we used to in the old days,
but then again,
it's tough for a raise money now.
Plus we have no audience.
But four to six, the van will be at Hollywood Chrysler Jeep,
2100 North St.
So just north of Sheridan Street.
And then tomorrow after your two great appearances,
we got to have like a million dollars.
Yeah, right.
And you can have part of it.
12 minutes passed one at 560 WQM.
By the way, I have no dots.
I just mentioned that.
Not that I think caused this or any way,
but I just mentioned that in passing.
Somebody, nobody thinks we're just screwing off.
I got no dots.
Hey, if you want to give your home a new style this holiday season
by replacing that terrible carpeting,
here's a great idea.
Laminates are us.
They're the easy, low maintenance alternative
to expensive natural wood flooring.
Laminates are us is the best place to find laminated wood flooring
from the top names in the universe because they got them all.
They got pergol, peridor, Wilson Art, Unifor Quick Step,
and all of lemon and terrestrial flooring is installed
by pergol certified installers who really know their stuff.
Here's another reason to call lemon.
It's a rust.
Their prices are so low, it will probably for you.
Right now get their holiday special for just 1495 bucks.
That's for up to 295 square feet of beautiful lemon wood flooring.
It is absolutely...
Turn the light bulb.
And lemon and terrestrial max.
Any legitimate written off for two.
So if you'd like to get yourself a free and home estimate
and find out just what a great deal of is,
call lemon and terrestrial max.
Today, tool free.
Have 1-877-777-3336.
They make it so simple, it's a piece of cake.
They give you your free carpet disposal,
free furniture moving at 25-year warranty.
So this solid-assisted season give you your homergift.
A new style with beautiful laminated wood flooring
from our friends at Lamin Saras.
Call them tool free today and tell them that cranky old neil
turnity call.
1-877-773336.
That's 1-877-773736.
3-8887773336.
3-8ynthesis Challenges
www.orphicmasqu
3-826- 1952-2019
8th is placed.
NOTHING WORKS SHARLE
And Native material information.
Truly issues.
agan,
3-877-3836.
7-876-26
8th is placed,
NOTHING WORKS H ><
Agree- with the medical people.
Again.
St>-  in the pocket.
2-877-307.
I've been here for seven years! I hate this place! Nothing works here!
Coming up tonight, on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story,
they wrote the theme song to the sopranos, and we've never heard from them again.
Tonight, we go looking for Alabama 3.
I'll live this morning. I'll live this morning. I'll live this morning.
Alabama 3! I've never heard of them!
A legitimate new Jersey businessman who wants to be known only as a Guido.
Hey! That's Guido! Not A Guido! That makes it sound generic!
You're trying to reduce me to a cultural stereotype you Ivy League.
I'm sorry, dear Gohan.
Like I would say it, I don't know from Alabama 3.
What I do know is they write this song and suddenly certain criminal elements of our society
are in the spotlight again, and they are not happy.
And maybe they would like to kill Alabama 3 in a painful way, and be willing to pay
handsomely for it too.
With good money writing on it, we began our search for Alabama 3.
A band formed in London, England, by Nikol D.J. Larry Love, whose real name was Robert Sprague.
We soon found Robert Sprague's father.
I'll have a hammer three.
Uh, no, mate, now.
My son, Robert, I don't even have a son.
I never could. The low sperm count.
Why pace before it, but what can you do?
Dad, who are you talking to?
Oh, I say Robert's getting back in the secret room.
But I'm tired of Gohan, your stupid nit...
That was nothing at all.
It may indeed have been nothing, but to us, it looked a lot like the man behind Alabama 3
was hiding like a frightened little girl in his father's basement.
So we did what any respectable journalist in need of Quick Cash would do.
We let Guido know about it.
Hi, we know he's in there, you old freak! Go away!
Come here, come here!
Robert, come here!
Well, whatever happens next, we never had this conversation,
though I make myself clear.
It's a big juicy, sapping wood like a show business tonight, on inside the mind.
Car theft is on the rocks.
In America, a car is stolen every 12 seconds.
What can you do to protect your car?
An expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen.
The club won't protect the valuables inside your car,
but a big black guy named Ben can.
Get away from the car, motherfucker!
For less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system,
and even less than you'd pay for the club, you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile.
Get away from the car, motherfucker!
It's simple to use.
Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out,
and he does the rest.
Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car, Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them,
Get away from the car, motherfucker!
Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben.
It's always nice to have someone to ride with, although he really doesn't say much, just...
Get away from the car, motherfucker!
That's about it.
I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with.
I got him to protect my car.
It's the best investment I've ever made.
My neighborhood isn't that great.
There have been a lot of cars, Ben.
I can't tell you how many times I've heard...
Get away from the car, motherfucker!
Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben,
protecting my car, let's me sleep better at night.
Call now, 1-800-1-Big-Guy.
That's 1-800-1-B-I-G-G-U-I.
And instead of hearing this...
You'll hear this.
Get away from the car, motherfucker!
While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death,
the one thing you have to depend on is your car.
With two canoes left on the rise,
the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Car alarm.
Now bring you an old Jewish guy named Eisen.
Get away from my portable bail.
You big M.M.F.
Remember when we used the post-efficat Caribbean?
We ought to get a bunch of finish-fading.
The white ones are cooler.
Get away from my portable bail.
You big M.M.F.
What the hell is that?
I object seriously.
Hmm.
For a fantasy like that.
Now I take somebody's gun.
Get away from my portable bail.
You big M.M.F.
Get away from my portable bail.
You big M.M.F.
Whenever some bastard tries to steal my gun,
I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Eisen.
Get away from my portable bail.
You big M.M.F.
Get your old Jewish guy named Eisen Car alarm now
and receive a free flower antenna.
Get away, get away, get away from my portable bail.
You big M.M.F.
And old Jewish guy named Eisen Car alarm.
I will be able to do it all's air stories.
Her there is no Christmas in the silly middle east.
No trees, no snow, no Santa Claus.
They have different religious beliefs.
They believe in Muhammad and not in our holiday.
And so every December I go to the middle east and...
Bye.
Hey there, Mr. Muslims.
Merry fucking Christmas.
Put down that book the Koran and hear some holiday wishes.
In case you haven't noticed,
if Jesus says birthday,
soak it off your heathen Muslim ass and fucking celebrate.
I love right.
There is no holiday season in India I've heard.
They don't hang out their stockings and that is just absurd.
They never read a Christmas story.
They don't know what root office of vow.
And that is why in December I'll go to India and shout.
Hi there, Mr. Hinduist.
Merry fucking Christmas.
Three-keg nogginings, a beef and pass it to the bed.
In case you haven't noticed,
if Jesus says birthday,
soak it off your heathen Hindu ass and fucking celebrate.
Now I heard that in Japan everyone just lives in sin.
They pray to several gods and put needles in their skin.
On December 25th, all they do is eat a cake.
And that is why I go to Japan and walk around and...
Bye.
Hi there, Mr. Hinduist.
Merry fucking Christmas.
God is gonna kick your ass you into the delicious pagan scum.
In case you haven't noticed,
there's best said thanks to you.
So let's all rejoice for Jesus' merit.
Fucking Christmas, you.
On Christmas Day,
I travel around the world and say,
Now it's Christmas bonus and all you APS2!
Merry fucking Christmas.
Do you?
I see the
like a wise Christian
who knows how to do it.
How to do it?
How to do it?
 conferences in real life
Like a white Christian
and how he witnessed
making noble performances
and eating
and Kush
and chanting
how to achieve this
but not
to Foods
People
That would be paradise and the Republican way.
I see things like a wise Christian
and how we all must think alive.
All the games black and white must die.
Until everybody is Christian and what?
125, I don't know who agrees with that.
That affected the economy.
Yeah, sure did.
Anyway, I've got some good news for him.
I should mention also thanks for the picture.
Yeah, I brought back a lot of memories.
Most of them bad.
War and Eugene.
Oh, this is from Toronto, no less.
Norma Kent, email me this.
War and Eugene, a pioneer of Internet gambling,
sees a lucrative new online frontier in a Canadian law.
It allows people with certain illnesses to grow and smoke their own marijuana.
All right.
Eugene 43 says his firm and a Gula Medical Cannabis Inc.
Plants to grow and sell the drug to people authorized to use it for medical purposes.
And perhaps to some people not medically authorized.
He wants amygula medical to become an international publicly-listed concern.
This flower power has a new opportunity for resurgence.
He said this is what really interested me.
He spends most of his time in the Bahamas month,
said from his Toronto hotel room.
Eugene, a Canadian indefinitely no hippie says he never smoked pot.
It's not interested in the grassroots movement to legalize the drug,
but he sees a money-making opportunity.
His venture is being funded with $5 million of his own money.
He wants to raise another seven million from investors.
It will initially target medical uses, but Eugene says the market could grow
if Canada confirms legislation currently under review
that would mean the possession of up to 15 grams of cannabis
just over half an ounce will not be a criminal offense.
This plant cannabis has such a fragrance that it's ready to bloom and bleed into the marketplace
so to speak and produce an elaborate and remarkable return for investors,
said Eugene, who founded the first Internet casino, too.
Well, now the resistance to some fly-by-not-asshole is the guy who knows his crap.
A man of vision.
A man of vision. By the way, we'll give you the address a little later on.
So it's only certain illnesses?
Yeah, like headaches.
Okay, it's like tired, thinning hair, unhappiness.
Right, bored.
27 past one at 560 WQM.
Big news, how the Pontiac GMC is now,
Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest.
Our dear close personal friend Tom Layman,
a solid dealership to Lombardo Par as of Auto City Bureau of Pontiac GMC of Homestead.
He used to play first base for the Reds.
Expect the same great-neil deals and customer satisfaction,
your custom too, as halts.
Long time, Terrell Manager, Joe Prieto, is still there at the controls.
Stop by Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest for those great-neil Rogers deals on all makes and models in stock.
And right now you can take advantage of 0% financing for up to 72 months
or save yourself up to $9,000, $9 big ones with rebates and incentives, too.
This right, you heard right, Neal Deals are continuing at the new Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest.
Only the name has been changed to protect the Guilty Parties.
The same location, of course, 134-01 South Dixie Highway,
that's US-1 across from the falls, open every day, seven days a week.
For more info on those unbeatable Neal Rogers Neal Deals, call the Neal Deal Hotline,
say it again, the Neal Deal Hotline Tool Free, 1-885-344-211.
That's 1-885-344-211, all offers subject to credit approval.
See the folks at Auto City Pontiac GMC for details.
That's the brand new and exciting Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest,
low prices without the high pressures.
The
ll
celebrate the holidays with a little dumber girl in her same neck. A newly wedged Christmas.
When I find myself in financial trouble, I pull a wrap and it comes to me.
begging to remaster, let it be.
Because if we strip it, then the Beatles have a new CD.
You must find one small, it's not free. Let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be.
Christmas, it will be.
And when you free-bar these old songs, they're bloody long, we can't release.
Take you off of helping, feed our greed.
If you try to steal our music, buy them loading empty free's, you'll hear from our lawyers, waiting to see.
Waiting to see, waiting to see, waiting to see, waiting to see.
We will slowly advance off, waiting to see.
We are free, making free, feed our greed, feed our greed.
That's why we recite songs, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be.
It's our free return, it's our free.
Bruns build the poor print for that runny's a bar.
A monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey, a monkey
a monkey throwing a bow, a bow, a bow, aanny when it moves around the house, the zoo teams bow on, the bee, the zoo Into the squirrels us and the livers us and the parents, let us meet the
elsaw, the pilots used in the great
Who slapped his face that was these up bones?
Run these up bones, run these up bones?
Or perished gone?
Run, run, run,
G.B. Cyril Andrewfield that was these up bones?
Run, run, run,
Who's getting wrapped in a suit that's run these up bones?
Run, run, run,
Where's Gard herds on his socks that run these up bones?
These boots like Rowley Cox that run these up bones?
Run these up bones, run these up bones?
Who likes his butt tongue?
Today's fast-paced world holds its share of headaches!
Hey, there's a thumbprint on this report!
Do it again!
Oh, yes sir!
Got a problem?
uh, no sir!
Under some pressure huh?
Yeah, I feel like my head's gonna explode!
An aspirin doesn't do anything!
Well here take some, I do pro-fake!
I do pro-fake!
Well I'll try anything!
Oh!
That dirty rotten son of a f**k!
Who the f**k does he think he's talking to?
I had to make that little s**t!
Do his own s**t report!
F**k!
Did he'll better?
Yeah, what's in-ide-you pro-fane?
Well, nothing we can admit to on the radio except our secret ingredients, screw them all.
Would you eliminate any inhibitions you might have about saying what's on your mind?
Here comes your boss!
Look, I want this report done even if you have to work through your lunch hour!
Listen, num-nuts, what are you gonna get off your-
and do some work around here?
Well, I see you take ibuprofen.
Yeah.
I take it too, you lazy piece of-
Oh, no!
I'll just get a cup of your-
I take it too, you only a f-cking-director.
I miss this so boring!
What's better than a live radio show every morning on TV?
Well, just about anything.
But that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teeming up with radio's original bad boy, who now looks like a nasty old rink.
Listen, Bernie!
I'm a sell-out internist copy-suck!
Yes, every morning, see I'm a-
listen to a tape of other people's county myths.
Why, I'm the air!
I need a hammer to bite into this muffin just so many of you have asked for a question on play, thank you.
See, his wild behind the scenes addicts!
The last of the make-dove at Thammy EyeVanue on the wall was Poo-Cooka-Tue, and I'm getting me some fresh coffee or your fire!
I miss he's irreverent, so I wanted to deal with the poll.
He's topical!
So I wanted to deal with his water game, but he's incoherent!
I'll tell you what, that-
There's a government president, what the hell is this?
I don't know.
He's I miss the story!
And he's only on MSNBC, a cable channel nobody watches, and a bunch of AM radio stations go, but he listens to.
And when somebody gets some fresh jingle, it's I miss!
I'm like a Don Sillo in Orlando, you know, AM stations in a way, listens to kind of the same thing.
I know I played that before, but I could play that many times today.
Oh, great man!
And still wouldn't be enough for me.
I love it.
279 votes on a poll, which of these do you most strongly disagree with Neil about?
I don't disagree with much, he says.
139.
49.8%!
Boy, that is my flock!
His taste in music 53.
His politics 27.
His views on South Florida 21.
Religion 18.
I don't agree with anything he says it does, and the dirty does, but they're listening.
And his taste in movies only 9.
Not too bad.
So let's see, Nora Kent is pledging 250 bucks for Band of Pat Rescue.
So I'll put in the deal, let's see if you should call.
Where is he going to mail that?
Is he going to mail it to us?
P.S. All our addresses.
He can mail it to my attention here at the station.
Yeah, mail it to QM, you got the address, you've been there a couple of times,
if George's attention, because then we'll handle it.
It'll make it like more official for our total.
44,155 would norm as 250 bucks.
So we're over 44, we'll make it to 50 grand, it's only 50 December, right?
And especially with a lot more than John Mark appearances,
that should really put us over the top.
Oh man, what is their story?
Anyway, George is going to do better.
Tomorrow afternoon, noon to two, and here's your birthday tomorrow.
George will do worse, have a lot of it, but it's your birthday tomorrow.
Go buy a wish for Georgia Happy Birthday and bring him a big fat one and a check too for Band of Pat Rescue.
George will be noon to two tomorrow.
Lauderdale M4's BMW 14-endred sub-federal highway and four-loader-dale food from Atlantic City Sub's
get there early for the free food.
And he'll zip right over from three to five tomorrow.
Lauderdale BMW Pember of Pines at 14,800 Sheridan Street.
Food from Atlantic City Sub's again, and all of our best in the merchandise.
For really good cause and spread what that asshole said.
That guy needs to know what they need to do.
They need to take him and introduce him to that kid in Poppano Beach and have them have the kid throw his ass in front of the cars.
What do you say to that?
Oh, right.
I like it.
Well, they say Andy Williams used to sing.
It's the most wonderful time of the year back when Andy was still just barely alive.
But a lot of people don't agree because they hate the crowded malls, the long-wages, your lines,
the crowded traffic, the parking hassles, all of these things.
So this year make your gift giving a little bit easier for you and the ones you love.
Just a gift certificate from Palomac Rises all you need.
Just at one simple call again to 1-800-MACRIS and give the gift of it.
Thank you in, Vierer, and you're out.
Night in and night out.
Palomac Rises got gift certificates in any nomination.
And the new Bedford Master Bedroom makes a perfect gift you'll both enjoy for years to come.
At Palomac Rises, no phone, any promises, no bait and switch.
Just discount prices every day on the brand names you know trust and love including now.
Stearns and bananas foster.
Palomac Rises has the guaranteed lowest prices anywhere on Stearns and Foster Hewitt.
When you call Palomac Rises 1-800-MACRIS you pick the day in time for delivery.
And you know how it works any tour window 8 to 10 and more.
8 and a more until 10 and a night.
What does that mean?
In other words like between noon and 2, 1 and 3 what if convenient for you and you'll actually show up on time.
Take away the crappy smelly nasty, soil-rolled vetting and set up your brand new one.
You can't beat it.
Honest sales practices fantastic service every day low prices same day delivery and free setup and removal all of these things make Dalai mattress.
Number one and customer satisfaction you'll agree with me.
For service you'll like your only dream about called a bedding experts at Dalai mattress.
1-800-MACRIS 1-800-MATTRES or check them out online at mattress.com.
Happy holidays from your friends at Dalai mattress.
Fly and local.
We're sports radio 560s.
You and you AM.
Powered David's a bitch.
Forget about it.
That's what I say.
As that's a funny show idea.
If I may borrow a phrase from the great Marty Allen.
Hello there everybody in Paradise Land.
I'm Howard David.
I hope you'll join me each and every Friday for my forget about it show.
That's when I opened the phone lines to all three of my regular low-income callers and led them venture on what's butter and death.
I was up all night dreaming this one up.
At first I thought I'd go and would handpuff it like a sandy becker.
Or maybe a pole to a both-footquick wake.
But management and I agree.
This will be a real show stopper.
Now I run a family type show here.
So I don't want no references to sticks, jigger bows or baggage and guzzlers.
Other than that, I promise you a hilarious decafity, a high jeans and open conversation.
Forget about it Friday.
That goes for listening to 560 WQAM.
One pill makes you drowsy, my friend.
And it also makes you high.
If the ones my housemate gave me.
They may be itchy all the time.
I'm a no-ass whirl-up.
Here, she'll keep you well supplied.
If he's got a ball.
Abounding them goofballs, you hieldy-hearlin'
Bring me to a higher-ass-world plane.
I can have a groom drug and not get busted.
Thanks to my friends in a higher-world place.
A low-ass whirl-up.
She'll get you some worse than a hand from a golf ball.
I'm fat by suffocates and ready to build both of us to burn.
She knew where's it in other dissenters' friends.
That's extracting gold out of their teeth and donate the proceeds to the RNC.
Have a show of life support for our glorious leader.
And go ask Wilma.
She'll get you through your show.
By putting logic out of proportion to justify your saving hate.
Out my ass, I'm talking backwards, my dear friend.
Oh, damn that's a little bit fucked up.
He catches down.
Remember what Rush Limbaugh said.
All drug abusers should be dead.
That's a first for twice.
I'm a copie, pee-peek, tell me, mill and shell.
I live birth in Unic, Calche, a run and G.E.
Oh, North Drop and Run, MCI, World Tom, Figur and Bot Taylor and Dermyggy.
Can log ground and root, Carlisle and the Rendon Root, Murder, Doc Spock, News and Reuters, on Yombo.
Oh, Joyce Point Democracy, my date of A technologist, Chuck Hagel's Dive-Bold, blocking out your boat.
George Bush is a liar, Exploiting 911 for a global empire.
George Bush is a liar, and T.C. Unilell did find house hot to fire.
Dick Chaney woke up with Richard Pearl and other Dick Andrew Card, Carl Robyn, Mark Rack, Dick Kiko.
Heal Bush, get Bush, George P and Daddy Bush, Preston and Columbo, no well-mouthing mention.
Mark?
Trader Bob, no fact, Stapsie I.A. in the fact.
Rumsfeld says, all as well another soldier dies.
Outspoken Demotract, in the mail they get it, Thrack, Tarnahan, well-stoned, dead before their time.
George Bush is a liar, Like all his corporate neocardhood, fancy hard-ons.
George Bush is a liar, And the sinister media, as you believe in him.
George Bush is a liar, The song is something that'll never get on through channels.
George Bush is a liar, A traitor and an idiot and criminal piece of shit.
George Bush is a liar, A liar, A liar, A liar, A liar, A liar.
This year, ringing the holiday season with a voice that reigns as clear as a jingle bell,
it's a macy grey Christmas.
Johnny's parents, grand job of the world, grand job of the world, grand job of the world, grand job.
Grammy Award-winning vocalist, macy grey sings it a style that's beyond compare and a language that's beyond comprehension.
You know that I feel now, I feel now, I feel now, I feel now, I feel now.
On a macy gray Christmas, macy sings all her you will type favorites like
Hi there, I'm your head, right here, and this indescribable classic.
You didn't even say a cloud!
A macy gray Christmas. A macy gray Christmas is available at your local can at ya.
Sick Michael Jackson is backing a traffic, comes looking for anything for a graphic.
Pictures and videos packed in boxes. They even took the big way from the waves.
Neverland red smells like monkeys and llamas. Little boys wearing those trapdoor pajamas.
Michael with secretly watched when they peed and hauled them up to that damn linking tree.
Teddy bears wearing tricolor vibrators under a bed he's packed in the dumb waiters.
Lickerish comes drops and superman rings. Those are up to you obviously cranky things.
Michael Jacko, he's a blacko, he's going to jail.
Will this wrong be right? It will he be entitled? But his bear is will.
On sale.
At my wife and mom.
This is Fort Real by 60.
We can wait him.
Estes.
There was a blue.
Well, there's a blue.
There's a blue.
Well, there's a blue.
There's a blue.
There's a bathroom.
Where are you?
D the ratios of black and Metallic.
On his custard I can't leave.
Means he won't put them way more elk's except for this hook,
Jingle, scissors and me.
There it next to you, that is San Bernard.
You weren't feeling quite right, then your face turned all white,
or then you turned blue, blue, blue, yellow, good bye to you,
Well, but forever, but you're still the king of the Recover.
Every night I'm at home, and I'm watching TV.
I have to sit through all his dumb movies, and listen to you.
Well, this is whenever he starts to cry.
It's now or never, but as I watch his flicks,
and I look at all those chicks, I wish I knew if they flew, blue, blue, blue, yellow,
good, always once blue, blue, grey, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, blue, yellow, blue, blue.
This is Debbie.
Hello, Debbie.
I'm interested in getting some operations done,
and some body contouring and some lipub suction.
And I was wondering if you had some tummy tuck,
and lip augmentation cosmetic compresses
surgery face the whole of these things.
Uh-huh.
Those wondering...
Well, you like to start with?
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed
is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No.
Could you do breast implants though?
Uh, I can't be done, but then I'll tell you what they would do right away.
It was the lotion in the basket.
Uh-huh.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurface too.
Uh-huh.
Laser surgery.
Uh-huh.
Have the lamb stop crying yet, mommy?
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first,
and then if I'm looking at you, we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit, made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay.
Um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Okay.
My name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay, let me give you a little information from you.
Mommy.
What's the lotion in the basket?
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Uh, okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Or do you want to call me back?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
I got my skin suit nipple like a...
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
I'll talk to you in the train.
Okay.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Bill.
The mad dog is out of control.
And you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from Blackpuster Entertainment.
Jim Maddage sings duet.
Well, I'll ride.
Run around in the streets.
Well, I'll ride.
Here's the mad dog.
Jim Maddage sings lashing raw.
We're the kids.
All right.
The kids are riding.
Ah, ride!
Ah, ride!
It's all riding.
A ride.
A ride!
Aah, a ride!
Magic touches for armsably.
Well, alright!
Well, alright!
I'm gonna leave all of you alone!
Well, alright!
Well, alright!
I'm gonna leave all of you alone!
At first, Jim said he felt a little bit foolish.
I don't like that.
You didn't get a heart.
But now he says...
I like it.
I will like it.
The mad dog just can't piss enough with that cottage cheese butt.
If he wants me to sing, God bless America
and paste these in the jeep string up here, I'll do it.
You got food!
And everybody knows that it's all right!
All right!
Listen to the mad dog sing himself happy!
All right!
All right!
All right!
All right!
All right!
You mad at the things you had available now
and all blocked us their stories.
Bye!
The middle of what you show, I'm 5-6-7-9-Q-A-M
I'm a fat Jew.
Absolutely.
