In your blue days!
Okay, she's horrible.
I want her.
In my blood, in my blood, in my fear.
We have found the worst singer in the world.
I want to beat the worst singer in our life.
You're a close bitch tonight.
You're a girl, all say we need to be closer.
I'm singing your face, you get strong.
Let's search for the most talented kid in America.
I think you'll possibly be the worst singer in the world.
Try to feel faster.
Why don't we get drunk and drunk?
All right.
I know one, five, sixty WQAM happy Friday to you.
How come we don't get any food from how it's not that I want food?
But I would like some bacon which I don't consider like a meal, you know.
Huh?
They don't like us?
We didn't order.
What do you mean by that?
Well, does the morning show they don't pay for that food?
I don't reckon.
They do?
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
Nobody on this station pays for anything except well.
I'm going to put their friend.
But is he still the biggest fight away?
What is the story with that?
He's not on again today.
We got Eddie Kay at Gulf Stream.
Oh my God.
We love Eddie Kay but good.
Golly Miss Molly.
No wonder we're going in the tank.
Another plunging show, another gambling show.
Duff, what is wrong with that clearance, man?
We have to strap him down to the God Almighty.
What's wrong with clearance?
Is it muff?
It's you.
You keep forgetting where we are.
No, it's here's the Eddie Kay at Gulf Stream.
Where did it hang like Vanishing or something?
I know he was in Vegas.
I don't know why.
You know, it says Jim Madditch 103, which is, we like that.
Oh right.
Yeah, that's good.
And we like Eddie Kay a lot, man.
I'm not knocking Eddie.
But Eddie at Gulf Stream is like, you know, I had the one over the 278 and the seven got left in the gate and the eight took a dump.
You know.
Marlins on deck at seven o'clock tonight and in the Marlins in the braves.
Is that here?
Do we know?
Carlos thinks it is.
He thinks it is.
Because they never put it right on this thing.
It says the Marlins and at the braves, but it always says the Marlins at somebody, whether they're home or not.
Pretty lousy schedule clearance.
There's only one Josh in this building who's sticking around.
Anyway, the poll we had yesterday before we get to the heavy-duty stuff.
I don't want to get you nervous about those SARS cases.
What?
Well, then we have the news yesterday.
It's out of later.
I told you it was Atlanta.
Nice going, Carlos, you idiot.
We said that there were two SARS cases, but that they wouldn't tell anybody where they were, which is totally unacceptable, by the way.
All in Florida, could they come up with some scam like that.
So finally today, two possible SARS cases identified in Dade County.
And one in, where's the woman, the 70-year-old woman, she's in the Lansford County.
Now, the good news is the two, now the bad news is the first suspected case of SARS and Dade.
The good news surfaced in late March.
Today is April the 4th.
How come they're not telling us about this?
The second was discovered a few days ago, but the good news.
Both patients were treated by private physicians did not require hospitalization.
Oh, right.
So there's no reason to get all panicking about SARS.
But if you have like a headache,
and a heart state for a heart,
stuffy nose, no, not a stuffy nose.
Get out of here.
If somebody, if somebody anywhere near you coughs a little bit,
we see that.
Right. If you have a receding here line, if you have like a roid pop,
I'd be really nervous about that.
In Grontone, it would be bad.
If you have like a real nasty oozing bowel movements,
I think that might be a bad precursor.
But we got a lot of stuff today, man.
We got heavy, heavy, heavy, heavy.
Do these stuff speak in a heavy bowel movements.
We got a lot of crap.
Point yesterday, which of these phrases or expressions bugs you the most?
Did I mention that there's two cases of SARS and Dade County?
Which of these bugs you the most?
And we got a tremendous response.
Now, how many votes we have on the first poll yesterday about the over 300?
No, seriously, over 400.
And we have like almost 1100 here on this one.
Wow.
Which of these phrases or expressions bugs you the most?
Weapons of mass destruction.
120 people said that.
You go, girlfriend, 107.
Oh, I'm so glad this one did so well,
because it's the Jesus Christ,
the God squad that are always, what would Jesus do?
WWJD.
He dropped cluster bombs on his enemy.
I remember WWJD that's in Chicago.
But WWJD, what would Jesus do?
83 of you said that really bugs the crap out of you.
Those Jesus Christers.
You know what I'm saying?
No, what are you saying?
72 people voted for it.
You know what I'm saying?
What's your take?
That did pretty well.
57.
What's your take?
Don't even go there.
52.
You know what I saw?
These all kind of like tied together.
My bad.
My bad.
45.
George says that all the time.
My bad.
You know?
I can't believe that only had 43.
I thought that was always the biggest complaint of everybody is assholes who say, you know?
You know, like stupid joc say that a lot.
Well, you know, my nigger 42, embedded 31, closure and was a dog.
Each have 30.
Shock and awe.
Which I forgot we actually did put that on there.
It's a damn good thing because 26 people voted for shock and awe.
They're shocked and they're all.
Talk to the hand 25.
I've never heard that in my life.
I've never heard that in my life.
You don't watch a lot of Jerry or Ricky or any of that.
That's why I still have my sanity.
Talk to the hand and was up.
Each had 25.
24, 7, 22.
Dog as in what's up dog.
But just dog, 21.
As in mad dog, little dog, big dog, crappy dog, hot dog.
I'll be honest with you.
Well, you know, I won't, 20 said that.
Yada yada yada, 17.
Dude.
And whatever, 14.
Hey bro, 13.
Hey bro, when I would like, you know, in the 60s, I would go cold.
No, seriously, hey bro, when is old, out, right?
Ancient, bra.
Bra's are out.
Well, I'm, you're happy about that, but fair and balanced and collateral damage.
Each had 11.
Collateral damage.
You mean all those little parts that used to be a body, yeah.
Like that's collateral damage.
Let's roll 10.
Goes yard for a home run.
Well, I'm not going to read all these other ones.
Anything under 10.
I'm not going to waste my time with, okay?
At the end of the day, 7.
Word, 7.
And what not, head 7.
Snail male head only a couple.
You know, out of all of these, there's only one that didn't have any votes.
Heads up.
It's going to give you a heads up that we're going to do some spots in a minute.
Heads up.
Heads up.
Heads up.
Heads up.
Heads up.
Well, that's not really that annoying though.
It's just kind of stupid.
Here's the poll for today.
Another one of those that we're going to be building dramatically throughout the day.
And I must confess that I have several bedtime stories.
Oh, no, you're not going to do that.
Are you?
Yes.
I got a lot of stuff.
Too important just to a gloss over.
Very important.
In fact, you better, you're assignment today and over the weekend is to go to neo-rages.com
and check out because we got some heavy-duty crap.
Carlos is still working on these 7,500 stories we got on today on the website.
I mean, he is working feverishly in there.
So yesterday I get a call from the bank.
Yesterday afternoon at about three o'clock.
Is this Mr. Matt?
Yes, it is.
Wow, did you write a check to you?
I wrote a little bonus check there for a being your boy for the great work he's doing on the weekend.
I could have said who?
Carlos who?
I would have been thinking who?
I would have been understabbed.
I would have been understabbed.
I would have said who?
And especially since the check number is out of sequence.
See, because I wrote it out of my check book as opposed to like the computerized ones that I read all my checks on the computer.
And so it was out of sequence.
So I should have said, well, I proves it.
See?
Yeah, call a cop.
In fact, don't let him leave.
Don't let him leave.
Grab him right now.
Forward to her.
Is he like some little illegal alien being your boy looking at?
That's about it.
Keep him there.
Keep him busy.
Keep him occupied.
Call the IRS, the INS, CIA, SPCA, illegal alien.
Call the INS immediately.
So anyway, I didn't mess it.
Sure, whatever.
Small potatoes.
Weapons of managed destruction.
They're not too happy with that one.
Oh, look at that.
Lad test proved that the militants produced deadly toxins.
How do you like that?
I mean, the irony of this is that they found those boxes this morning with all that white
powder.
Right?
And we're getting really upset with them because they have all these weapons of managed destruction.
And they got some freaking nerve doing something like that.
I'll tell you that right now.
Just the, I guess the irony must be lost on a lot of people.
The fact that we're dropping this.
I mean, Zidians, what would you drop?
Like 24 trillion bombs so far.
And we got all these body parts flying around a lot of these grotesque stories.
And of course, a lot of allied, what not, coalition forces.
Yes, yes.
I'm sorry, excuse me.
I want to be politically correct.
A lot of coalition forces are going to come home and body bags, etc.
But since the American public has satisfied that it's going to be under 500, it looks like that it's not so bad.
And the bargain.
The good news for you is that Jessica is okay.
Oh!
She's safe and sound.
Well, about it.
They finally outman in the hospital.
They wanted to amputate one leg because she had two broken legs and she was like right on the verge, right on the edge.
But they didn't do it.
Good.
Thank goodness.
So Jessica's going to become a home superman.
We're going to have parades.
We're going to have party streamers.
We're going to be waving to big flags.
It's going to be great.
Right?
Right.
God.
I think that's fantastic.
Ten minutes after nine and five sixty WQAM.
I'll tell you a place that's really fantastic.
And you ought to be going to this weekend.
Pizza loft.
Go there before the rumors eat up all the food that's left.
Seriously, pizza loft is great.
The food is fresh.
It's delicious.
They give you big portions.
No soggy spaghetti.
I guarantee that everything is cooked alventing.
In other words, fresh to order the way you like it.
And they got all your favorite pasta dishes.
They got chicken and veal and seafood.
Three different kinds of pizza including that food.
Got some actually four different kinds of pizza now.
You want to know why?
Why?
Because they got the Mata Pizza.
The Mata Piqua.
And they got Kelzones and Super subs.
All of it for like I said, teeny tiny prices, big fresh portions.
That's why people keep coming back again and again to a great family restaurant.
Two of them now in Broward, pizza loft.
In Davey, on university drive between Gryffin and 595, call this number 954-916-8880.
Eat it there.
Have it delivered or stuff I take at home.
And don't forget the great catering they to too.
Where's a little of those five bucks per person.
954-916-8880.
That's the Davey location.
And now you'll find them in prestigious plantation.
And the Walgreens Plaza.
And now what it's called, I just named it.
I don't know what it's called.
Now I'm here on sunrise right behind Walgreens where Marcia used to work.
Call 954-382-1999 at that location with the same grade food, same grade deals.
And the same grade Motsup Pizza for Passover or as they say in Hungary.
Pesach.
382-1999.
That's the number in plantation.
The world famous pizza loft.
If you don't get much better than that.
My life and locals.
This is 43560.
You weigh.
You weigh.
Oh, R-O-N.
Those are boss.
Stupid.
Stupid.
Stupid.
Stupid.
Stupid.
Stupid.
Stupid.
Stupid.
Stupid.
Stupid.
Stupid.
Stupid.
Stupid.
Stupid.
Stupid.
opportunity of a lifetime. Is this really that the beer boy? Oh God. Oh that's what I should have said when she gave the name
I said oh you mean little beener boy? Oh that would have really got her. What?
You mentioned that bacon. Oh you stopped the crash. You're so full of garbage man.
All you got to do is mention food and all of his protestations and his little cup of soup that's gonna kill you anyway. Did you find
Howie? Good. Let's get a bunch of bacon. I wouldn't get whatever you want and tell me to want to pay for.
No seriously don't we not gonna pay for it. I mean I will if I have to. Duffle pay for it and don't get him anything by the way.
No don't get it because he's always trying to lose weight. He wants to be svelting you know a real fashion plate.
Duff was at the ballgame yesterday. He said they were packing it which is probably why he went there.
But he said that he said the bleachers were pretty full. 14,000 some odd had said in the paper.
Anybody believe that? No. No. Just keep lying about the attendance.
Which so here's the pool for today. I don't well let me take a call before we do that from Boca
because we're not gonna have time for a lot of calls yet. Boca. Yeah Neil I'm listening and show the last few days.
You haven't said much about the war you slammed it after was we had a couple bad days now. I haven't said much about the war.
They said not the last couple days since things have turned around American side.
Oh since we're doing such a wonderful job of killing people right. Let me ask you about your comments.
You kept on hiking on how they don't want us here. Did you see all those people welcome?
Sir let me say it again. They just had a piece on only 30 seconds ago about it's a mixed bag and they had some people
they're welcoming us with their arms. Yeah no not wrong. They just had it. Let me say it again. Just I just
watched it asshole. Now if you want to believe all the puff pieces and it's orchestrated so-called news
that they're creating on there go right ahead be my guest. Be a moron. Just get sucked into all the
propaganda. They're welcoming us with open arms and open guns. Yeah. You're a lunatic in addition to
which I got news for it's very appropriate that he should be the one call I took there because
wait till I get to the stories today including this wild man James Wolsey the former director of the
CIA who's another right wing of wild man him and his buddy Bill Bennett. Oh yeah yesterday he let
the can out of the bag so while you're below me about the the emancipation the liberation of the
Iraqi people small crap. We're gonna democratize the whole Middle East whether they like it or not
whether they wanted not what we're gonna do is alienate Muslims all over the world exactly what
Osama wanted. Yeah we're gonna give him a big G-Hod man. How do you like that? And James
Wolsey came out and said it W-W-4 is coming you know that I didn't even know we had W-W-3 yet he says
the Cold War was W-W-3-3-3 which he's just rewriting history as he chooses and he comes right out and
says oh yeah well this is just the beginning and on you on you schmachta heads over there in Egypt and
Saudi Arabia you better be real nervous I'll get to that article so I'm glad you called asshole
give me a lecture a lot see you're entitled believe my my feeling is you're entitled believe
whatever you want you entitled to get sucked into the propaganda do a little bit of reading on
your own to see whether it's really true or not. Guys I saw the puff piece where it's the soldier
through the kid to Frisbee and the kid looked at it like yeah what's this you know what a smile
on his face like hey it's for free to price is right what do I do with it it don't taste too good
there's not a lot of nutrition value in it but nevertheless oh yeah they're welcoming us with
open arms let me let me say this to you seriously I don't want to get off of it. I will anyway
in and because he was such a sarcastic ass okay now that it's going good you go what does that
mean now that it's going good in addition to which last night there was saying oh the the
ally excuse me the coalition they got full control of the airport the bag yeah and now this morning
while uh they're still working on it like we didn't know that it was going to be a slaughter
of one sided slaughter right right and there was an article this morning about how we spend
four hundred billion dollars on a military and their axe spend one point four billion well that's
a pretty good contest that sounds like a draw to me but keep in mind they're not fighting fair
yeah and they've got some nerve with these weapons of mass destruction good and of course
then we'll get to the thing about the cluster bombs we'll get the article two which we've
already had American soldiers killed by cluster bombs are you starting up again yes how can
you have them talking about the war yeah yes I am starting up again now what was I just going to say
before you interrupted me that he just got through talking crap oh yeah if there was any other
country in the world in the wild that was supposedly liberating any group of people by doing what we
been doing for the past two weeks plus this country would be screaming bloody murder we'd be threatening
them with nuclear weapons we'd be having a well fit and so a this guy who just called me look at
what they're doing those imperialistic lunatics yeah like once it on was liberating Kuwait right
that's there you go he was liberating Kuwait from their monarchy from those damn oil barons oil
thieves who steal all the money of the Kuwaiti people for fun and profit who the hell are you kid
man it's all the matter of whose definition you're using it's all whose eyes you're viewing it
true and you're viewing them through jaundiced eyes of the propaganda crap that's on TV
oh yeah they're welcoming us with open arms though they're not no they're not some are here
in there yeah those towns where uh were the Shiites some of the Shiites which they ain't no surprise
anyway because they hate Saddam sure right like we didn't know anyway here's the pull before he gets
me all whipped up into a frenzy what a fun see in other words this sarcastic one you know you said
this look you're entitled to believe what you want but I'm not see that's the difference that's
the problem you're right I'm wrong well guess what you're an asshole I stick by exactly what I'm
been saying and I'm going to continue and I got plenty evidence to back me up right here today
and all of this bull crap about well they found boxes with white powder yeah maybe it was
anti-mamas the flower who down those what it what it was maybe just maybe it was
there's yeah there you go so so then we'll be changing once again one minute it's liberation the
next minute it's the weapons of mass destruction the next minute after that it's uh what was the
third one I'm forgetting they got so many different excuses why we went in there oh regime change
I'm sorry regime change how about a big underwear change which is what I think most of the people
in Baghdad would like right now since they're sitting there in the dark well then how do they know
if they're dirty that's that's a good point we insist as well but maybe they can smell it
here's the pull we're going to be doing today which celebrity music TV radio or movies you
enjoy but would never admit it another one of my great pulls I like this a lot and of course I see
I see a trend running through the short list of names now of course this is only my list so far
but a trend they're kind of gay yeah except for George and Mo and Eminem Yuma but in any way
which celebrity music TV radio movies do enjoy but would never admit it and the list is Neil Rogers
which we have a big closet audience out there including this last Jack Ball who would never
admit he listened to the show George Rodriguez Richard Geer
Brackdom Michael Jackson Mo Howard Davided Gay Back Speed Boys
Eminem in stink Boy George or George Michael I had that pretty good list of all yeah I picked
up on the theme there well I mean I didn't intend for there to be a theme but I thought of you
know since we got this big macho crowd out there like this last guy who wants to drop the big
ono ziracchi bastards don't you realize that they're walking us with open arms and legs I see it
yeah well some of them don't have any arms or legs anymore but they would they would open
them if they still have a wave in the matter if they were still connected to their bodies anyway so
there's a list so far and I'm sure that the audience will add many many Mo to the list which
celebrity do you enjoy but would never admit it but there's a lot of that you know records that
you listen to but oh no I wouldn't listen to Michael Jackson yeah things like that now now comes
the peace the resistance the first of many of my bedtime stories today since this guy says I'm
not talking about the war and your full of crap by the way we talked about it as my for and then
I say ahead of time that we're not going to talk about it every day anyway that's not what the public
wants if you want to hear war crap but look at although not an official army site I mean there you go
round o'clock 24-7 oh excuse me you're back and you know something I I want to tell you something
how sharp I am I just pulled two pages off the facts machine I looked at this one from the back
New England Paul am I I'm just looking through the piece of paper I don't even see the writing
and even George I held it up and he can see look at that there he is opaque and backwards and you
can tell look at that couldn't get my facts to about the comedy but it's hate them like poison
would much rather listen to you for an hour why don't you hear you speak even listening to
Georgia we don't care okay we won't fall go away you're an idiot here's one that says don't
know if you read this book made in Texas by Michael Lynn but it's definitely worth the time scary
stuff here's a short excerpt and also says mold must go on the bottom of this thing absolutely
correct sure as fate would have it at the beginning of the 21st century thanks to rural over
representation in the US electoral college leadership of the most advanced technological
economy in top scientific side and earth had fallen to a politician with reactionary religious
from the part of the country with a primitive extractive economy as Emily Stevenson once
observed in America anyone can become president that's one of the risks you take lord help us
as well I think you got your thumb right on it man yeah but now the things are getting better you
don't want to talk about it now that we're in there in the kicking ass now that we're really in
there making it an offer they can't refuse we're liberating by elimination that's what we're doing
like I said I mean you know it's hopeless for that crowd of people which is a very large number
well by the way the one piece of good news you know all these polls they keep showing
about the people who support the war and incident well they actually had a couple of days ago
they had the regional breakdown which isn't up to make some of these people have a nervous breakdown
uh because they're always talking about the left coast the left coast guess what the in the east
which we're still in the east here but probably in the deep south but nevertheless uh in the east
only 41 percent the smallest percentage in the east you know we're like the most educated people
are in the east support this insanity this lunacy this illegal invasion this liberation of the
oppressed Iraqi people liberation and decapitation and palpitation well the people that don't die
are going to love this they're going to love that they're going to love it and wait till we get
all the McDonald's open oh oh then they'll die 26 past nine and that's right if our bullets don't
kill you if our bombs don't get you our fast food and our Coca-Cola will do it what are they
going to put those sugary buns out sugary buns that because Moses was here with his girlfriend
don't start with a sugary bunster what she was hot by the way Moses keep her away from George
he's got his tongue out he's looking at yeah keep her away from this wild man okay and then they
make a really lovely couple and we want the videos 27 past nine at five sixty wq I can't believe
what's going to be happening this Monday April 7th at Pompano Park the big stuff baby
it's the last free spaghetti dinner night of the season at Pompano Harnest Track is there
nothing sacred left in South Florida no you better make sure to get to Pompano Park this Monday
night because with every Pompano Park program purchased you'll get you a coupon good for a free
spaghetti dinner at the Ford Floor Players Lounge did we include rules and butter salad a
heaping plate of pasta with marinara sauce Pompano Park opened four nights a week for great
live harness racing including the night of course Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday first
post time 715 with free general parking admission is free as well and don't forget every Wednesday at
Pompano Park it's dollar night with dollar draft beer hot dog sodas and lots more why didn't
you have great meal on the top of the park restaurant on the 6th floor while you plunge your brains
out and watch all the top drivers including Brian Sears and Bruce Ranger and Kevin Wallace and once
in a great while Wally Hennessey when he's in a right mood watch them do a great job Brian you're
amazing man so all I can say I'm still embarrassed about that calm what's your fault you should you
know you should have come on and said you know that is Brian Sears you know his voice don't you
sure anyway don't forget Monday night it's the free the last free spaghetti dinner out of the
season at Pompano Park this Monday April 7th the market on your calendar get all your friends
from cemetery village and win more and a whole gang and we'll see you at Pompino Park
my life and locals this is sports radio 560
now there's a gas station just for us guys and producing
the
the 24 hour gas station come on and it
nickers let our good looking lady attend and slube your shaft buff your bumpers talk about your
full service bill mountain balance your tires our qualified ladies are eager to serve your needs
so if you've got a problem under the hood bring yourself on and the nickers we'll have that
puppy and peak performance in no time your motor is not overheated when you come in it will be
when you leave just drive it on in filler up my lady mechanics work by the hour they love the
bigger dickers 24 hour asters gas station you'll come again and again for hand again
stop with the wine take i 69 and look for orgasm
dicker 9 30 and 5 60 wqm happy friday too as we continue plowing right along and we will by the way
we'll continue plowing right along heavy bombing and bagged out overnight lights are out
they're getting a little bit nervous over there some of them people anyway getting back to the pool
our good friend Mike oxlongs got an excellent one he says he likes very manllow but don't tell
anybody and you know what Mike i wouldn't either but he's on a list now we've had him we'll get
a lot of those with celebrity music tv radio movies whatever you enjoy but would never admit it
neo-roger's George Rodriguez Richard Gears Michael Jackson Mohawar David at Backstreet Boys
M&M and stink boy George George Michael or Barry Manolo
with that nose like a banana i might have to dig that out and play it you know
haven't played that in a long time anyway here's the let's get to it because we only got to one o'clock
x cia director us faces world war four i hope many of you had an opportunity to see this wild man
this lunatic James Woolsey former cia director he said the united states is engaged in world war four
and that it could continue for years did you know we're in ww four we didn't even know that yet
thanks for informing us in the address to a group of college students in Los Angeles
Woolsey described the cold war as the third world war and said this fourth world war i think
will ask considerably longer than either world wars one or two did for us hopefully not the full
four plus decades of the cold war Woolsey has been named the news reports as a possible candidate
for a key position in the reconstruction of post-war Iraq he said the new wars actually
against three enemies the religious rulers of Iran the fascists of Iraq and Syria and Islamic
extremists like al-Qaeda it gets better Woolsey told the audience of about three hundred most
of whom are students of the university of california Los Angeles that all three enemies have waged
war against the u.s. for several years but the united states is just finally noticed as we move
toward a new middle east Woolsey said over the years and i think over the decades to come we will
make a lot of people very nervous there'll be america's backing of democratic movements throughout
the middle east that'll bring about this sense of unease he said our response should be good
Woolsey said singling out Egyptian president hasni mobarak and leaders of Saudi Arabia he said
we want you nervous we want you to realize now for the fourth time in a hundred years this
country and its allies are on the march and that we're on the side of those of you whom you the
mobarak's the Saudi world family most fear we're on the side of your own people Woolsey who served
the c.i. director under president bubba Clinton was taking part in a teaching at ucla a series
of such forums at universities across the nation a group calling itself americans for victory
over terrorism sponsored the teachings and the bruleen republicans ucla's campus republican
organization co-sponsored went to nats event the group was founded by former education secretary the
anxious alters right wing moralizer william Bennett who also took part in wednesday's event along
with paul brimmer a u.s. ambassador during the ragan administration the former chairman of the
national commission on terrorism so get ready for death monarchy ready we're in it ww4
and this is exactly what osama told us that's what he wanted wage war against uh... islam
all the muslim countries get every uh... muslim in the world all whipped up into a frenzy you're the
evil ones now we're gonna like do are they just had another suicide bombing this morning by the way
three more are sorry homicide for the track three more american soldiers killed other homicide bombing
in iraq it was worth it now i'm serious this is this is exactly what osama bin laden wanted
and everybody said all no don't get sucked into that that's going to be the worst possible thing you
know we're gonna wage war against every muslim country on a face of the earth and they should
they should be a work plan their nervous is what he says in other words we're going to impose
democracy whether they want it or not whether that's the lifestyle that they want whether that's
their concept of life right which by the way it is not it's not it's not what western values are
exactly the opposite of what islamic values are in that part of the world so instead of being
concerned about getting those illegal settlements uh... on the west bank all wrapped up and getting
out getting those people back where they belong instead of getting that situation straight now
what are we doing we're making more threats and more occupation more threats more occupation more
wars more bombs more dead people more billions and trillions of dollars for the military industrial
establishment that are gonna come out of your pocket so i'm glad that you're getting sucked in my
first caller from boka there my young genius i'm delighted that you're getting sucked in by these
manipulated the visions that you see in this made for tv a war
because that's exactly what it is a video game made for tv where there is no real blood no real
pain no real bloodshed no real naming no real dead people just a lot of people smiling and
welcoming us with open arms and flowers and the here's a frisbee it's worth it oh my god
james wolsey that seriously this story right here
this is all you need to know you can forget you can forget all this other stuff that's all the
world needs to know when they hear this kind of crack the intentions of this administration
this group of maniacs who've taken over who've stolen control of this country and whether we
want to go there or not this is where they're dragging us that's gotta be why rums fell just a
couple of days ago was rattling the spears about syria and iran because they're next now the brits
say i'll count us out we're not in on that one well too bad we don't care well then they don't
that that's right they don't get their share of the spoils
i'm i'm serious that what's happening in this country now this makes jol macarthe would be
humiliated i mean he not even the same category what's happening in this country now a piker
and the village voice which some of our bedtime stories i'm not going to have time to get to
those i don't think about talk radio and what's going on in the name of talk radio in this country
too you can't come on a year and say the things that i'm saying you just can't do it i mean here
i can do it because it's you know qa m it's my amie it's out florida most of the people are
walking dead anyway why do you say you know that kind of thing i'll give an example about florida
ac lu urges recall a religious aids pamphlet the american civil liberties union asked the florida
department of health yesterday to remove some aids education brochures from circulation because
they're full of biblical messages oh god the pamphlets with florida department of health printed
on the cover along with the agency's logo are titled a christian response to aids and use
biblical passages to urge compassion toward people with aids in the hiv virus a christian
response to aids printed by the florida department of health the brochure asks how would Jesus respond
to a person with hivian aids and promises that Jesus is our hope it quotes several biblical
passages throughout health department officials said the pamphlet which has been around more than a
decade is on a list of aids education materials approved by the state for community organizations to
use in some cases the brochures may be bought by the state and directly distributed into the groups
in other cases the groups may buy them on their own but can use state grant money to do so in
other words your tax dollars the pamphlet used in several states and published by one of the
largest health educational printers in the country has been criticized elsewhere last month
pencil vania officials took it off their states health department website after the ac lu
complained in a letter to the florida department of health asking that it stop buying and
associating itself with the pamphlet ac lu of florida director howard simon said the brochure
may have a worthwhile goal but contains a message that shouldn't be delivered by state government
while the state must respawn of this public health crisis and five ways to stop the spread of
the aids virus the state must base its message on medical and scientific information rather than
advocate a particular christian set of beliefs i'm in rotel secretary john agwanobi sectarian
messages are inappropriate for agencies of the state now that's in the past i guess nobody's
updated howard simon what the hell is going on now you understand the destapo keep track of
everyone the brochure was first published in nineteen ninety by the channingl beat company
a south-earth field massachusetts and has been on and off the states and proved that over the years
of tamla birdies chief of the health department hiv aad's bureau he said it was approved again in
two thousand about the time several church organizations became active in aads outreach
will consult our attorneys and determine if that points in the ac lu letter are correct and if
so we'll take action he said he said the path was approved by review panel that primarily looks at
the medical accuracy of the information in the material simon said the ac lu had records showing
the agency not only approved the brochures used but it purchased thirteen thousand of them
itself for about forty five hundred bucks democratic senator ron cline of del ray beat said he'd
never seen the brochure but when he showed it he said we should look into this and get them to
pull it and one of the other articles on this also pointed out that there was nothing nothing
about the medical aspects of hiv an aides or about prevent your not all that was in a pamphlet
just religious teachings we must turn to jesus officials in uh... governor bush's office
referred calls to the health department they're not committed or mum they say nothing
your governor your board again right wing governor who would never lie to us of course
but is trying to sever the will of the electorate with that class size amendment
with his devious plans and this is what you wanted man this is what the public wants i'm just
passing along the reality and you know do whatever the hell you want you know just keep looking bush
five said what am i giving the numbers up for not i'm out get to a call or two here in there i got a lot
of heavy duty stuff man heavy duty stuff or the the pool is up we can vote on it
well i don't know if i'm going to put up who the hell should i put up your rogers now i don't
i'll put up my co-jaxian just for that because he makes me nauseous but some of his music i'll admit i
know that's what the record of some of the stuff we the old stuff we like but we don't want
well m&m's got nine oh no because of that movie and my co-jaxian seven eight mile
ever been there no let's go to macamos and eight miles a strip club now by the way if it's
still there and all if you're buying no how about your plane ticket Detroit one way
twenty till ten at five sixty wq a amount of friday man you can smell the intention in the year
is repeated throughout the day with any well without i should say without any sort of analysis or
i mean again we're hearing from the iraqian ministry of information that the americans are not at
the airport well clearly they are yeah well of course they lie a lot too well the real of truth sayers
the the real truth tellers please don't i mean iraqis don't believe anything that they're
uh lunatics tell you they're full of crap hey we're down to the final four and basketball man we
got to stand the cup playoff starting in just a few days and the baseball is on again all of these
things if you want to lay down some bets all you degenerate gamblers out there you better know who
you're dealing with and vip sportsbook dot com is the people you ought to be because they're the best
they be the best you can have complete trust in vip sportsbook dot com a legal and licensed sports
book and one of the original online books and still like i said only moments ago the best you
like high parlayons how to parlay out of up to two thousand one sound how about a free same day
payout how about fifteen percent cash bonus and into your first deposit but most of all for the
past seven years vip sportsbook dot com is earned a reputation as a sportsbook with the best
customer service sportsbook review dot com is rated the number one customer service two years
in row is our bacon coming by the way yes thank god for how is who knows it might be returned to go
on a roll of a lifetime punching your guts and making some real cash but you better make sure
you're in right sportsbook if and when that happens so sign up online at vip sportsbook dot com
and get you a fifteen percent cash bonus ended your first deposit nothing like staring out a winner
if you're not online just call them to a free at one eight six six vip bets that's eight six
vip bets but keep in mind the fifteen percent sign up bonuses only available online so please
get yourself online and get you that fifteen percent cash bonus today at vip sportsbook dot com
where you definitely be the VIP what see this is with the short breaks i'm not used to this now
oh seriously i don't want to play the same damn thing you know just go through plan it's uh you
know you don't have time to fart right and my great close friend Miguel was just coming here with
a spy report about uh how it's burned yeah and the first thing he heard was sofa king again and
they're like raving about this great thing they discovered what is wrong with him i think i think
he's a pain too much mucky business with a bush be here's the story of a madiraki who is
stucking weapons to blow up the world had a mustache beret and body double gasp little boys and girls
here's the story of a man named han's blitz who was busy just inspecting and besides
but for you and this could not find the weapons there were about unknown
till this one day we know her cool that to yellow orange coats that were no more than a hunch
that's a dumb to find our resolutions that's the way they all became the crazy bunch that crazy
bunch that's the way they all became the crazy bunch
945 560 wqm the mad dog at one we got 80k from Gulfstream for the hopper at 3 to 7
no then we got marlin's stuff marlin's at the braves guess who's on after the marlin game the big
oh real eight at night that's a good spot for him moe a y'all interspersed call or two maybe
we'll get some suggestions for the pool it's going to be difficult because I got a lot of
stuff that I want to pass along climmy at james woolz story world war four baby we haven't declared
it yet but we're just that we're in it so get with it here's my any hello hey now yes sir
I thought at woolz the did you say he was clinton's uh yes he was director the c.i.i.s but he's a real
right wing rabid lunatic well I was I guess about a week ago and they first broke the news that
the syrians were smuggling stuff across the border he was a guest I don't remember which show
they asked him what did he think that they would do about that he said oh there's no question
serious next we have to go in there yeah he's I don't know I don't know all these people are
jumping out of bed wagon now the things seem to have turned around and we're like just a few
a miles outside of bag dad and we're gonna control the airport and we're doing this and the people
are like uh taking frisbee's from us all these people better understand this is only the beginning
this is just the start of what they've got in mind and it's got nothing to do with liberating
anybody well we'll see how that goes one another thing occurred to me from your spot if they
just legalize sports gambling in this country they could probably buy them at least do not have to
kill anybody there you go good point and one more thing personally the people listen to this station
when did you last see boob shambi in person uh a few months ago he swallon hank I couldn't believe
oh no no no near tummy he ballooned up again unbelievable oh my god boob shambi is
gotten up to 295 pounds again boys and girls and there's a high outside pits it's one lot
thanks for the bad news can you believe that now that's bad is that true have you seen him
not lately we want a spy report from inside the building please tell us the boobster hasn't
ballooned back up again that's all the few months ago when he looked I saw a few months ago
too many and don't you remember I commented I was so proud he kept off all the way this is a guy
it's a QAM thing you know Carlos and I were discussing that this morning in between talking
about how I stopped him and on a check uh now about the fact that this is such a place with
somebody big huge tummy fat people not just fat like me I'm small potatoes I mean big fat roton
people and boob used to be one of them right and then he went on whatever I don't know what it was
he went on but on the road I guess the de la Jenny ultra neutral fat slim white and he lost a ton
of weight and he really looked good I mean for him he always got orange here like a cartoon character
but for him he looked pretty good and last time we saw him he looked but according to this guy
I think he probably knows because he was probably out of the ballpark and seen him there
and moths it's a dirty lie that it's a lie moths says it's an absolute thank you
how do you like that see they might he wonder people do that this guy sound like like a you know
marginal guy and right away he makes up a story about the boobster just because I said we were
proud all the way you you just want to rip somebody an ass man if there's anything we can't stand
it's people like you they want to rip somebody an ass like our drunken salesman as you know
we hate that stuff that drunken slut I mean that kind of stuff what I don't like that people if
it's deserved like in her case no problem okay the truth this speaks volumes but when it's just a
bald faced lie see there he goes again with that bald stuff you know what a bald stuff
you get off the bald head body take off those checkered pants get out of here oh he'll be back
Monday by the way for those of you who've been Jones and for the emolmister he'll be back with
guilty on Monday thanks for the heads up yeah not a heads up it's a warning official issues apology
for comment on gaze this is it it's so typical of what's going what America's all about today
Hollywood Hollywood Florida this old cocker oh standing before a group of outrage gay residents Hollywood
commissioners Sal Oliveri apologize for a comedy made Wednesday about homosexuals saying he
understands homosexuality has nothing to do with pornography about ten men and women including a
realtor salon owner and exterminator ah that's what we want an exterminator gathered at city hall
four p.m yesterday to demand that Oliveria apologize and be held accountable for his remark the
communities passionate response was prompted by a remark about gays Oliveri made when discussing
his opposition to having another adult entertainment business open in Hollywood Oliveri was upset
about a deal the city struck with a business owner and said the city had a moral obligation
not to settle lawsuit the business owner filed near the end of his comments Oliveri said wake up
America otherwise you have a pervert or a homosexual living next to you or working up to you late
Thursday afternoon while the group waited to hear from Oliveri mayor Mera Goulante spoke to them
Maura remember Maura Goulante wanted all those t-shirts off the beach life as a beach she's
another bitch spoke to them for almost an hour in a conference room I almost took when he made his
comments I wondered if he meant it that way said Goulante who and it she wants to review the tape
on further review Sal has made some of the most outrageous statements in the democracy you get all
kinds she said yeah you get all kinds like him which I think is what she meant is he's an asshole
the group said a city staffer told the told them they needed an appointment to see Oliveri but
after about an hour he came downstairs from a city hall orifice ready prepared statement and
answered some questions some said they were satisfied with Oliveri's apology but other said the
commissioner scorted the issue oh he's wearing a skirt Carol Hoenn a pediatric nurse told Oliveri
I want you to know I'm offended for anyone to say my sexual category throws me into a pedophile
category Oliveri said tensions ran high at the commission meeting and did not mean to say
homosexuals during his comments he meant to talk about pedophiles he said right slip at the
turn in other words what I guess he really meant to say if I can find it was right everyone who
is right to know why did you hear this everyone who is righteous has the right to live the way
they do Oliveri said yesterday everyone who is right to do something I'm so sick and tired of
these crazy ass goyem and all this business about this war to different our freedom we don't
have any goddamn freedoms just like that think about the pamphlet that the ACLU's having to
have a breakdown about that has nothing to do with HIV or health education but has to do with
imposing religion and here's our good friends from how is again which we thank them profusely be
sure and give him about a hundred bucks okay give a hundred bucks five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T horizon thank you sir thank you so much of course Ruchia's a
monitor turned out to be can you that's okay we understand see there you go no charts thanks
how is we love you we're gonna steal how is from them I didn't know the monitor turned out oh you
heard it he know why he doesn't know what this place is we'll get a probably better off yeah
very manllows got 17 votes already what celebrity music TV radio movies do you enjoy but never
would admit it very manllow 17 m and m 16 michael's accentate George Rodriguez seven
fast beat boys
six and stink five oh George Michael four Mohawar David and four how do you like that Neil Rogers
three Richard geared to and boy George has one we don't want to see it but he has one
well we got a lot of stuff today man heavy heavy duty here's Miami hello no okay not interested
not interested okay not interested in like that when you got your phone deep inside your
ass not interested here's Miami hello I'm bigger pardon hey Neil yes sir the poem is unfair okay
because I love them and them but I wanted to vote for both the extra boys and when you can only
pick one whichever one is the most embarrassing to you I chose back street and you like the back
street boys well don't admit it because they might recognize your voice but another thing is I've
been hoping and praying that you can play the the Howard David and Carlos bit I haven't heard that one
in a while Howard what is that called I'm not asking you I'm no raves carlos oh more I'll find it
thank you okay thank you no raves carlos John cicada there's one get it down
oh no he makes me nauseous but somebody actually likes him I wouldn't admit it
John cicada one thing about John cicada by the way which really shocked a lot of me he has a wife you
know oh yeah we already had the story like it was I think two days ago US soldiers in a
rack asked to pray for Bush thank you but we already had that two days ago I believe in fact
much better story this one thank you 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line as
I started to say only moments ago this whole christianization of America pluralism is out pluralism
is out this is what these right wing mainly actually been trying to do for years and years now you
know we had the the what that was the fall well thing the the oral majority right and then we
had the anal majority which George was the founder of that and Dwight Lutter that was his only
member though we were I mean he had a lot of members but nobody else wanted to talk about it oh yeah
the pro jam think we don't care about that and a bunch of people got up and walked out of the concert
because the guy rip the abortion you ripped the mask up we don't care good I say you go boys
all pro jam you go Eddie yeah is Eddie better very man low 18 better nothing oh we got some bacon
let's hear it I'm just they're gripping a lot okay I'm sorry I apologize right off the bat we
got a lot of bacon no that's it oh better be more that's just a star hmm you know something
I guess bacon is easy to make you know but I've never made it in my life really I've never
made bacon well that's don't you have to like fry it and then put it like in the toaster oven to
like crisp it up no there's different ways but you know what worked really well for it is the
least the best and bacon really looks really well for it because I don't have my lean
in the brain right now George gave me years ago it's about the only useful thing they ever gave me
some other crap and bacon's about the only useful thing to make it a little greasy things
that were not making burgers in there because I cook some both sides greasy things yeah where the
grease just drains right outside of the world how about potato lattes would be good I do like
those don't make those my can't eat them they kill me but this is atkinsish huh yeah not good for
you bacon but I don't care I mean you know I've been doing so perfect since I've been back here
about color food orders order food Carlos ordered some food the prices right thanks how he's
where is how he's let's give him a plug no idea do we have a minute because they never give him a
plug on a morning show they just mentioned their name just suck up the free food because that bad
Zach oh we'll we'll research it and speaking of fat by the way not only is this a barn burger
today on the new writer show but guess what guess what it was it's Friday you backstarts you know
what that means and by the way we all booked Shabby an apology on behalf of that jackass that
called before muff was really parked off about that too he was foaming at the moment you see how
upset he was right man he was pissed no one but we got the beast coming in today and I'm going to
tell you one thing right now I don't I don't want to make threats but if what do you laugh
on about if this man hasn't lost at least at least I'll give him a minimum two more pounds
since last Friday I'm personally going to call the people at balance for life and we're going to
start giving that food to the homeless people and Carlos and we'll even let them make their choices
from the menu a little beaner boy that's right even though he don't need to lose any weight because
he weighs about 48 pounds soaking wet when he's soaking his balls in the sink now that's one bad
thing about eating bacon on ear it gets in your throat you know not good but I don't care I really
don't care so I apologize ahead of time if I sound raspy and gagging and choking maybe I have
SARS car wash sounds really good to me that's an excellent idea this is a great day man you know
you can smell it you can feel it can't you feel it a car wash sounds like a real wiener to me
are you we got bacon we got you want it we got it man well you can't have any but you can watch
us eat it why not it's kosher thanks a lot of me go okay that's what our dark
complex car wash guy said he says he's kosher he looks like Sammy Davis and Rod Caru that's right
our poll questions gonna be named some black Jews huh Rod Caru Sammy Davis Sammy Davis and Rod Caru
and and the fallashes and most you perfect you put your fallashes on man did you see the weather
in Toronto it's like icing and snowing and around the the temperature right now even though it's
like early April it's terrible I got out of there just at the right time and I got them SARS
have people died from SARS already how many people do you think have died in the entire
of country or in the continent from SARS so far five third man two cases in date county not that we
want anybody out there to get nervous about just relax okay just relax there's oh U.S. Marines
finds cyanide and muster agents in the Euphrates going to despair and there's Bob Arden who's
having nervous breakdown about it finding those concentrations years of rophing unit their analyst
would say would lead you to believe that it was something done on purpose two poison U.S. troops
so that's the source is the U.S. Marines that the Colonel would command her this year that the S2
who is the intelligence officer and the XL all independently confirming this and allowing us
to present this information on television U.S. Marines find cyanide and muster agents in
Euphrates oh they allowed them to present it on television are you surprised at that I'm shocked
that they would allow them to report such things 958 at 560 WQM how tell you place this weekend
that you're going to really talking about food pick out and have a great meal the Emerald Coast
Chinese buffet you want to really really enjoy yourself disco in air and spend like four or five
six hours till I kick you out because the food is fresh and crunchy and delicious there's nothing
mushy like those other Chinese buffets there's no Chinese headaches syndrome there because they don't
use any MST or cornstarch and they cook all other stuff only in cholesterol free oils at the
world famous Emerald Coast buffet I'll tell you how I attack the buffet you start out with six
different soups in fact you might enjoy all of them if you want as many as you want then there
are dozens and dozens of succulent trays there's so many that we can't even list them all here on
the show or you know surf and turf on a weekends a New York strip steak made the order of the
gourmet Senate that's a sizzling Asian grill and they have teriyaki steak and shrimp trick and then
seafood hand-carved farm rib and the men when it's the amazing part of the whole deal is they cook
it all to order too you want it well done you want it like rare you want it off whatever
there are faith features of full salad bar a new sushi bar fresh room cocktail and Emerald
Coast famous lobster basket of fastest back featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisque and
bring a big hearty appetite man bring a big public and fill it up because the dessert bar is amazing
there are pies and cakes and pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit
what an ending to a gigantic pick up so get the whole gang together and go for a big big feast
at the Emerald Coast this week in or anytime three locations for you in sunrise they're at
Pine Island by 44th Street on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd in prestigious used to be great
north Miami Beach there were dinner section flamingo and pember grodes in pember finds they
accept reservations take on delivery available as well if you want a gigantic mirror you can go
in and eat as little as you want but just some really great shout at a very affordable price
this is the place called 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22 for directions more information
on the amazing world flaming Emerald Coast Chinese buffet
I'm a bag who likes gin balls I'm here to confirm suspicion it's back to put that's not all
I'll be anything that moves as long as it's alive
if no matter to me this girl's heart is gone but I prefer a big brown high
I like
I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you, I'm not gonna listen to you
I'm not gonna listen to you,
I am right, right, right, right.
Title 3 and 560, WQM, wait till near this.
Staying in a Principles about American Foreign Policy and it says, the organization is called
PNAC, Project for a New American Century.
Again, I appreciate the information, but we have had this for so many weeks on this program.
And we headed on our website and still we have the, what is the website, Prison Planet?
Prisonplanet.com. You want to really read up on PNAC, go to PrisonPlanet.com, which we have a link to on our website.
And you'll read all about it.
About all these people in this administration, Richard Pearl and Wolfowitz and all of these, this crowd.
Jeb Bush, George W.
Or a Rumsfeld, Hermann Gearing.
Speaking of Hermann Gearing, Bellingham Mass, civil libertarians are admonishing a school for telling parents when their children don't stand for the pletive allegiance.
Oi!
They like that.
It seems to me a form of harassment.
Ron Madnik, director of the Worcester chapter of the ACLU said Wednesday.
Madnik sent some students at Bellingham High School, been taken out of the class and sent to the principal's office for refusing to stand during the pletive allegiance
as a way of protesting the war in Iraq.
He sent letter to Superintendent TC Maddox on Wednesday and is waiting for a response.
Madnik said students were not called out of class but acknowledged that school officials notified parents of students who don't stand for the pletge.
Refusing to stand during the ceremony does not violate a school rule Madnik said, but he said students are expected to stand and also obey a moment of silence every morning.
They are not disciplined for not standing, he said, but it's the school's responsibility to communicate with parents about a student's behavior.
Like if they fart real bad.
Madnik said he's not sure how many students have refused to stand for the pletge.
He doesn't know how old they are, he said he hasn't spoken with the students.
My wife just speak to him, okay? Find out what it's all about.
The Gestapo is watching you, man, whether you're in school, whether you're in school no matter where the hell you are.
Here's Michelle who says, how about adding Barbara Streisand and Ricky Martin to the list, which I just did.
I listened to them under covers, she said Michelle.
And George would like to be under the covers with you as well.
Michelle.
Michelle, listen to them under cover.
I can't blame her in either case, especially Ricky Tiki Martin.
My God.
Kiness must match you, Barbara Streisand or Ricky Martin.
I think that's a real, real tough one or Donna Shalila.
5 6 7 0 5 6 6 the house of, but we already got to pull up their M&M's got 22, which celebrity music TV radio or movies?
You enjoy, but would never admit it.
M&M 22, Barry Manlow 22, George Rodriguez 13, Neil Rogers 10.
Neil, God.
Part of that closet audience.
George Michael 9, Michael Jackson 9, the Backstreet Boys.
Have 9.
Well, they got, yeah.
More Howard David's got 7.
And Stink's got 6.
Boy George 3, Richard Gear 3, and John Saccata has got 1.
Oh, brother.
Can't handle it.
Here's a call from Boka, hello.
Hey Neil, what's going on?
Yes, sir.
Listen, I really admire the sound effects you put on your show.
It's very enjoyable.
I have one that I want to give you.
And if you would play it, I'd really appreciate it.
My friend has an ex-girlfriend who's a real moron.
He always said this for everything.
All stupid comments.
He always used to say, what do you mean?
Every stupid comment.
And if you use that on the show, I'd like to say...
You got one moment.
Give me a two second pause and then you've got to say it so that we can lift it.
Okay.
What do you mean?
Not bad.
That's pretty funny, right?
I give it about a seven and a half on a scale of ten.
Not bad. Thanks, pal.
Take it easy.
What do you mean?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'll be honest with you.
Fill my bed.
Yeah, I eat.
Put up.
Dog.
Tom 5, 60 on an AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, man.
Neil, I love your show.
I'm the first time calling on you.
All right.
I don't give a shit.
I don't give a shit for anything.
For a lover money.
I love it.
But Neil, I got what I'm good to sing from your poem yesterday.
It's all good.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, I love it.
That's a good one.
I love that.
It's not even bubble-wad.
That was his favorite.
All right.
Thanks, sweetheart.
Okay, Neil.
Bye-bye.
It's all good.
Everyone of those comedy bits were bubbles on them.
It's all good.
Here.
Check it out.
It's all good.
Gilbert just called.
That's not all good.
That's all bad.
All bad.
Okay.
You're simply a crap.
He knows what a bunch of pussy's run this place.
He knows that muff is scared of his own shadow and that clears his busy hounding the beast.
Rally hounding the beast.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
So was that the yesterday show from 5 to 7 on the station?
I somehow missed it.
Beauty in the beast.
Well, I guess it was going to be that we had the wrong Josh on with them.
I don't be starting to make, you know, that's a what?
You're the one.
Don't look at me.
I'm the one who say that.
I'm the one what?
I mean, you finish my sentence.
I know.
I know.
I know where you're going.
Yeah, I'll write down a hole and see where that kid's working.
What room he's in.
I wonder who hired him.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
So I hit.
I'm 5, 60 on the AT.
Oh, here you go.
I thought you learned your lesson.
I'm building a pool.
I see.
You can't go back and change your bow.
Like you know, a two-bed.
Learned my lesson.
Fells wrong with you, idiot.
All these instructors out there.
How to do the pool?
I'm the pool expert, baby.
I don't mind pool.
Nobody does pool like.
You're good.
God almighty.
Even George admits that.
So I've heard.
I can sniff out a great pool from 50 yards away.
Here's one that says, I guess they're still stuck on yesterday's expressions.
When your girlfriend calls while your wife is home and says, I'm late.
What?
I'm late.
Okay.
Is in other words, for her period.
Right?
What is that?
Don't look at me.
It's not in my category.
That's your kind of stuff.
You sure you ought to be able to relate to it.
Oh, man.
You are.
That's how I thank God.
Wow.
Oh, here you go.
Phil Henry's back to normal.
He had on a school teacher with torture to his students to prepare them to be PW's and George Bush's war.
Well, how can he do that?
In other words, he's like all over the place now.
Maybe he's sneaking one in there.
Are you sure?
Maybe they got him prisoner.
Maybe they could get another hospital.
We're going to start a fund with the release Phil Henry from captivity fund over a cheap channel.
They've got him in a torture chamber in a small eight by ten room, feeding him only parogies and old stale water with real bad ice cubes.
Never have bad ice cubes.
Yeah, actually.
Hmm.
Just had to empty out my ice cube thing from my refrigerator a few days ago because I don't want to say that my maid never emptied out.
I had to refrigerate for about two years, you know.
Can you imagine the yellow mongon air in there?
Oh.
Of course, or in there, I don't use ice cubes.
But when I did the last time, man, nasty stuff.
You can see things crawling around in there.
Got automatic ice makers.
Yeah, right.
You got to empty those out like every five, six years would be good.
Just bring them under the hot water and they're all melts down the sink and they're going to get some new ones going.
Okay.
Okay, Jeannie, let's go, honey.
God damn it.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, we got to play that very man a little bit momentarily.
I better get the thing out now though.
What thing?
What?
Is it in here?
Jeez.
What?
It is not in there.
It is not in there.
Are you crazy?
I bet you call us his life that it's not in there.
You got a Chinaman's chance in hell.
It's not in there.
I'm telling you right now, it's never been in there.
All the good stuff isn't in there.
You guys, you know, is the end.
So what's that got to do with it?
Is the ACN somehow have like the disc that you can't copy the thing?
You can put it just no.
It's conveniently collected in a thingy there.
Disc 4, track 39.
You got that down, boys and girls.
Disc 4, number 39, don't be afraid.
I'm about to forget.
What was it again?
6, 4, 39.
4, 1, 4, and about...
About 30, man.
9.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 6, 8.
We better do...
No way, that's right, three breaks this thing.
No spots on the station, by the way.
It's because our sales department's taking a permanent vacation
and they're trying to scrape screw it out
if the floor in the sales office.
She's still hanging out there.
Literally.
Your field B, chill out.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, how you doing?
I got a question.
Do you believe have the things that you screw on the elevator?
I believe everything that I say on the earth, sir.
If you really feel like that about this country,
why don't you find a better place to live?
Well, in other words, if you love the country,
you should just go along with the game plan.
Is that it?
In other words, the country is always right like in Vietnam.
Was the country right in Vietnam, sir?
Excuse me?
What the fuck?
Let me ask you again.
It has to do with the principle that you just got through.
There were a lot of people who didn't agree with Vietnam
and are being there and 58,000 kids come home in body bags.
You know what?
They turned out they were right.
It also turned out that you were an asshole, okay?
How do you like that?
So, in other words, love it or leave it.
I mean, so that's so old and stale.
And it's just stale than those ice cubes I was talking about.
My god, and I said bad things in my mouth too.
Since what is the country?
This guy can't separate bush or the government from the country, okay?
The country isn't whoever happens to have stolen the election most recently.
The country is what it's founded on.
The freedoms, the whole concept of what America is,
which you obviously don't understand.
Do I believe half the grand addition of which
if you don't like to crack by spew out?
Listen to something else.
You're still entitled.
Dr. Laura's on right now.
That's right.
Dr. Laura, who continued that all the anti-war people are a bunch of communists.
And I'm sure she believes every word of it.
Not crazy bitch.
God almighty, is she something or what?
Yes, she's a communist, a communist.
The fucking bitch.
Right.
Right on sweetheart.
By the way, OJ is still gully.
1013 at 560 WQM.
I love these calls so far today, man.
They're great.
They're just my kind of calls.
These are the people making the case.
They're making the case.
Most of them are a case.
Most of them are a crock.
If you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories,
you've got to go to Barbecue's Galore.
Don't forget, get a head start on the barbecuing season with the perfect
grilling accessories, all of the Guaranteed lowest prices.
Barbecue's Galore carries barbecues in every price range from the top of the line
commercial grade stainless steel grill to the more portable Weber charcoal grill
like the great one I have and enjoy for years.
For all your barbecue needs at the Guaranteed lowest prices, don't forget,
shop barbecues galore there in plantation.
I'm university driving a prestigious fountain shopping center.
And that location, call 954-423-1400.
And curl springs you'll find them at 7485 West Sample Road, corner sample in Rock Island roads,
call 954-75766-28.
Barbecue's Galore without any question is the Barbecue Specialist.
I'm not your man, I'm not your man.
This is 420 or 560.
You way up.
Oh, you're good, I'm good.
Okay.
My name is Barry.
I sing like a fairy.
I write band songs about romance.
While I'm wearing stand-ex-tests, I'm trying to shrimp me.
My songs are wimpy.
I had a series of big hits.
That was back in 76.
Now no one wants to hear.
They only laugh and sneer.
They won't imitate all my albums.
But my songs are queer.
Gotta know this shit.
Like the banana.
My two fans both live in Montana.
Gotta know shit.
Like a banana.
Of my notes you keep in half of the city of Atlanta.
I write the song.
I sing like a banana.
I've got a hunker.
The size of young girls.
When I get a stuffed up nose, I be twisted and hoed.
But now upon the case, my life is back in place.
And so I'm singing again and sticking.
My schnauz in your face.
Gotta know this shit.
Like a banana.
My two fans both live in Montana.
Gotta know shit.
Like a banana.
Of my notes you keep in half of the city of Atlanta.
I write the song.
Like a banana.
Like a banana.
Like a banana.
Oh!
That's 17 very manllow leading the pack by a pretty good margin.
Now 32 votes.
Which celebrity?
You enjoyable would never admit it.
Very manllow 32 M&M24.
George Rodriguez 22.
Backstreet voice 13.
Neil Rogers 13.
Neil God.
That must be because we had him on a show.
Remember that?
Yeah, we had Neil Rogers on with the A.J. and Kevin.
I was guesting on her show.
George Michael 11 and stink 10.
Michael Jackson 9.
Mohauer David has got 9.
Boy George 4 with your gear 3.
John Cicada 3.
And we just put up Barbara Streisand.
But he Martin no votes yet.
I thought we'd get a lot more dimensions than this.
Of course they don't want their voice being recognized.
You can like disguise your voice.
You can whisper it.
Because if people find out that you enjoyed listening to her,
you know, whoever it held my B.
56670560.
Pound 560 on EAT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
No more Moa.
Carl Springs.
Yes, it may on now.
Yes, sir.
It sounds like you.
Okay.
It's hard to tell.
Two things.
Remember one.
You need to get an Indian guy or a Melissa guy.
Neil, I'll be praised.
Okay.
That's the first thing.
The second thing is there's a website with records of Jeb Bush.
Okay.
I'll be praised.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
I need to go through that.
And he said in case there's any civil disturbances.
And if you want to check it is on the Tower Happy Websites that he signed this on September
the 10th, 2001.
I got this.
The government, the government state of Florida Government website.
Okay.
And you can check this out.
Go to FromtheWidellness.com.
If you heard of that one.
But.
No.
Yeah, it's from the wilderness.com and you want to go to archives and click Timeline, Lucy,
you got some splainment to do.
It's from the wilderness.com and then go to Timeline, Lucy, you got some splainment to
do as in Lucy Ricardo.
And it's about halfway down the page and it's Jetbrush.
It's all the stuff that happened before 9-11 regarding the FBI and the CIA.
Yeah, I called the call out group and the whole thing, right?
And Jetbrush, it says about halfway down it says Jetbrush sign on September the 10th.
You just got your saying that, thank you, sir.
Is it nice saying that like four times?
Thank you.
We'll check it out, but he's repeating the same thing over and over again.
Jane, our regular chronic Jane and four-lawed are ill.
When do we, what do we do when we give the Islamic country's democracy and the elected
bunch of terrorists and religious nuts?
Like Pakistan?
I can hardly wait for your show to start in the mornings.
I'm so sick of the rest of the media.
I'm obsessed with your website.
Our website is great, Jane.
You're right.
It's outstanding.
And you know, Carlos, enter.
We're doing a great job.
So much for freedom, if you disagree with the country, she says, well, good luck to us
is right, Jane.
And Phil Henry Spire Report.
Are you sure?
A couple of them.
The person who said Phil was back to his old self is mistaken.
The show he or she referred to took place before we bootlegged toward Baghdad.
In the days leading up to the illegal invasion, Phil had a guest in quotes on the phone who
prepared a grammar school students for the horrors of war by inflicting various accidents
on them.
For example, she would shut up students, fingers in the door and accidentally cut off a
digit while slicing frogs, French people in the science lab.
Of course, the list is swallowed at whole and hard, so to speak.
But Phil is still the new Nazi he turned into recently, so don't worry.
By the way, I'm not much of a horse fan, but my wife wants me to take her in a kid's
eight, six and eight, to Gulf Street on Saturday.
Will they have fun or be preyed upon by old Jews and priests?
P.S., my 52-year-old sister loves very manly, so much she can hardly keep her to herself.
Okay.
Who's doing good till he got to Gulf Street?
Here's another one from one of our stone listers that says that he and I'm a little stone.
Well, that's good.
What actually Phil is doing is using his characters to ridicule the left.
The character yesterday was mainly liberal and Phil was playing a loud ass limbo with
the war praises and Schmidt anyway, F.F. and his schizophrenic ass.
I used to be a big fan of his, but don't get jealous, Neil.
You're still number one to him.
Yeah, we're real jealous.
Like when I had those Phil tapes on, I don't know how I'd do it during our show.
Remember those days?
Wow.
56670560, Pound 560 on EAT and T and Ferrison wireless line.
Don't let me forget to get to 85 of these bedtime stories.
Very important stuff.
And you notice all the commentary on it, this stuff by James Woolsey?
Nothing.
We're in World War 4.
Get it?
World War 4.
It's on right now.
This is only the beginning.
This is just one chapter in an ongoing saga that's going to go on for years and years
according to these crazy people who have stolen the control of this country.
But don't let me confuse you with the facts because it's just not too pleasant.
Here's Halendale.
Hello.
Halendale's gone?
Probably croaked.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, my son, Tash.
John Tash?
Yeah.
You like John Tash?
No, I don't, but I know no one likes him, too.
Oh, okay.
No, that's not the question.
Okay, Jack asked.
Got it.
Oh, man.
And these people are idiotic or what?
Just put them, don't even talk to them.
Just put them on hold or not.
Don't get all bent out of shape.
Just calm down.
You're getting too angry with it.
Got you nice free of breakfast this morning, a few bunch.
Hash browns, bacon, which I'm not even a hash brown.
Surge likes it.
Brown.
Which celebrity music TV radio or movies do you enjoy, but would never admit it?
Not what you think somebody else would.
Not just a name you want to stick on a list like his last punk.
God.
Go back to the underpass.
So Carlos says, I'll see you around six.
Neil Rogers, George Rodriguez, Richard Gear, Michael Jackson, Mohawar Davida, the Backstreet
Boys, M&M, NStink, Boy George, George Michael, Barry Manolo, John Sakata, Barbara Streishead,
or Ricky Martin, is the list we got so far.
We're not adding too many to that list, you know, and I'm sure that there are many, many.
Don't you think?
Sure.
But they don't want to.
Oh, and the stuff that some of these people are sending me, I just want to pass out.
I just want to pass out.
We'll pass them over here.
Would you ever consider doing a poll that just reads who?
I see.
Mmm.
Like I said, the fact is I'm getting.
Here's one that says, I voted for M&M and I'm going to pull his my secret guilty pleasure
and also convince that he's gay.
The fact that he is a child who's nothing.
It's the only logical answer in my gay.
It was pretty good.
So somebody just signed bye bye.
Once remain anonymous and I don't blame him.
I don't think he's gay.
Barry Manolo 39 M&M 27, George Rodriguez 25, I will say M&M is right on Barry Manolo's
ass at the moment.
Troops find vials of white powder, documents in engaging in chemical warfare near Baghdad.
US troops found thousands of boxes of white powder, nerve agent and anodote and aerobic documents
in how to engage in chemical warfare at an industrial site south of Baghdad.
US officers said today, Colonel John Peabody, engineer brigade commander of the Third Infantry
Division said the materials were found today at the Latvitea industrial complex 25 miles
south of Baghdad.
It's clearly a suspicious site Peabody said.
Wasn't Peabody the dog on Mr. Peabody?
There was a name of the cartoon on Rock and Bowl Winkle, Sherman and Mr. Peabody.
Mr. Peabody said troops found thousands of boxes each of which contained three vials of
white powder together with documents written in Arabic that dealt with how to engage in chemical warfare.
He also said they discovered atropine used to counter the effects of nerve agents.
The facility had been identified by the International Atomic Energy Agency as a suspected chemical
biological and nuclear weapon site.
US inspectors visited the plant at least nine times, including as recently as February 18.
The facility is part of a larger complex known as the Lafetea Explosives and ammunition plant, Al-Qaqa.
QA, how else would you say that?
QA, QAA Al-Qaqa.
Sure.
Yes.
Or QAqa.
No, Al-Qaqa.
During the 1991 Gulf War, US jets bombed the plant.
Maybe they sent up some aromatic scores of various things, you know.
That they could inhale over there.
26 past ten at 5.60 WQIM on a really interesting Friday.
It's interesting.
Yeah, one moment, please.
That's it.
What do you mean that's it?
Well, there's no rejoin there.
Did you just say, oh, thank you.
Packwood can't keep his packer in his pants.
Now, what the hell happened there?
As soon as Muff came into the room, this show was in Muff came into.
Muff came in and everything came to a halt.
The equipment even went on strike.
God.
Now on DVD.
From the director of Girls Gone Wild.
She is the Wild Wild Action.
It's Amish Gone Wild.
Joshua, you may observe my ankles.
Oh, you are a crazy girl.
Under my dress, I am wearing laser-housing.
Have you gone wild?
Well, by a wild, I took the wild.
Amish Gone Wild.
Take out my wrap.
You have a beautiful wrap.
May I touch it?
Have you ever seen a nice spice wrap?
It's like frozen wild over here.
And 35 past 60 WQM Muff just stayed here office.
Okay, quick fly under the radar.
Just don't mix it to a bell of figura.
That was bizarre.
That was very strange.
You came in here and your thing died and my thing died.
Of course, I heard his thing died a long time ago.
Okay, I am going to take advantage of the opportunity.
We have the star with a very, very light load.
And there is nothing like having a really light load.
Don't forget to bastele me in today.
Speak of heavy loads.
If you don't lose at least two pounds, I am serious.
So, you better be purging on the way over here just in case.
You better stop at the edge of the road, especially over there at UM.
You know, he hangs out there a lot.
Just puke over there by mark-like field.
Puken first base.
Take a big dump on second base.
And take a little tinkle on third base.
Get it out of your system.
Because if he ate lost at least two pounds, we are going to put somebody else who needs it badly on it, like boog.
Can you believe that guy calling in here?
You people that just take gratuitous cheap shots at people.
If you want to take a shot at somebody to make some kind of cross-the-comment about our sales manager or general manager.
Or Clarence Darrow who is busy doing the beast right now.
Let her work off some calories, huh?
Sources in Baghdad indicate Sodom alive, hidden, and in command.
Oh my God.
A number of reliable sources inside Baghdad report that two days before the start of the war, Sodom disappeared into a hidden command center in a location unknown even to his ministers.
Since then, sources say that Sodom has not met in person with his top ministers, has not talked to them directly by phone.
His instructions are delivered to them by messengers in writing or in video and audio cassettes.
Sodom does not use the telephone or fax which he believes can be intercepted or tracked by the Americans.
According to the sources, Sodom who say in second son, Kusai, is believed to be the only person that know exactly where the Iraqi leader is staying.
Maybe he's staying in a kaka place.
Sodom's own appearances on television or all recordings that were made before the war started, he hasn't made any new TV appearances since he went into underground.
Workers at the Iraqi TV spoke of a vault inside the information ministry with hundreds of recordings each inscribed only with two letters and a number.
It is said that Sodom decides which of the tapes to were on TV by a short note indicating the code of the appropriate cassette.
Three different tape recordings from when the Americans are about to wonder Baghdad already waiting at TV they added delivered on Tuesday this week.
Picking up clues from another man wanted dead by the Americans, been laden.
Sodom has learned according to our experts that Americans analyzed the background even the error clarity of the videos for clues to the location where it was taken.
So he's pre-recorded as most important messages and instructions to Iraqi people.
He has also seen that an identify were a phone call originated from by the background noise and this has led to his decision to avoid making live radio broadcast to his people.
Sodom assumes that if the Americans are broadcasting a guided missile, be quick to follow.
So all that speculation out there that's the real MS4, there's the low down.
And you'll notice now that they're saying, oh well it's been confirmed that these tapes were made a long time ago.
Well there's the story that they got that from. That's not anything that they came up with. That's their ton of that. They've been seeing it.
Now, what story do I read first? You were enossated by that thing yesterday with the kids as well.
This is from the Asia Times.
Cluster bombs liberate Iraqi children.
Aman, the horror, the horror and unlike apocalypse now these are real not fictional images to prove it.
But they won't be seen in Western homes. The new heart of darkness has emerged in the turbulent history of Mesopotamia via the Hellamessica.
After uninterrupted furious American bombing on Monday night and Tuesday morning as of Wednesday night, there were at least 61 dead Iraqi civilians in more than 450 seriously injured in the region of Hila, 80 kilometers south of Baghdad, it's like 50 miles.
Most are children, 60% of Iraq's population of roughly 24 million are children.
Roland Benjamin, a spokesman for the International Committee of the Red Cross in Iraq, describes what happened in Hila as a horror dozens of severed bodies and scattered limbs.
Initially, Murtada Abbas, the director of Hila Hospital, was questioned about the bombing only by Iraqi journalists and only Arab cameraman working for Reuters in the AP were allowed on site, what they filmed is horror itself.
The first images shot by Western news agencies of what is also happening on the Iraqi front lines, babies cut in half, amputated limbs, kids with their faces of web of deep cuts caused by American shell fire and cluster bombs.
Nobody in the West will ever see these images because they were censored by editors in Baghdad, only a soft version made it to worldwide TV distribution.
According to the Arab cameraman, two trucks full of bodies, mostly children and women in flower dresses, were parked outside the Hila Hospital.
Dr. Nazem El Adali, trained in Scotland, said almost all the dead and wounded were victims of cluster bombs, dropped in the Hila region and the neighboring village of Masarak.
Abbas initially said there were 33 dead and 110 wounded, then the ICRC went on site with a team of four and they said that there were dozens of dead and 450 wounded, contacted by satphone on Thursday, Benjamin confirmed there were at least 460 wounded being treated in the ill-equipped Taurin-Adee-Bet Hospital.
Journalists taken to Iraq from Baghdad on an official tour on Wednesday, talk of at least 61 dead, the independence Robert Fist described the mortuary as a butcher shop of chopped up corpses after Robert Fist column standing by.
Dr. Hussein Gzai, also from Hila Hospital, confirmed that all the injuries were either from cluster bombing or from bomblets that exploded afterwards when people stepped in and their children picked them up by mistake.
Iraqi journalists on site and later agents France press photographers said that they've seen debris equipment small parachutes characteristic of cluster bombs which release up to 200 bomblets.
Muhammad al-Sahat, the Iraqi information minister, has not volunteered to tails yet on the Hila massacre. US Central Command and Qatar only admits that it's used six cluster bombs in the center of Iraq and against the tank column.
There would be the CDU 105, these would be the so-called intelligent cluster bombs which compensate for the wind. The Pentagon line remains that there are no indications the US dropped cluster bombs in the Hila region.
While they used in Afghanistan cluster bombs are vehemently denounced by the human rights organizations they compare their deadly effects to anti-personnel mines which are outlawed by the Ottawa Convention not signed incidentally by the US or by Iraq.
Cluster bombs are far from being smart most of its bomblets hit the ground without exploding. The small yellow cylinders remain deadly weapons threatening civilians especially children.
Human rights watch in vain is tried to persuade the Pentagon not to use cluster bombs stressing that Iraqi civilians will pay the price for their lives.
This is not the first incident of mass civilian deaths. The independent newspaper London claims it has conclusively proved that an American missile was responsible for the devastation at the Shu'ala market in Baghdad last Friday with at least 62 civilians confirmed dead.
The missile either a high-speed anti-radiation missile or a paveway laser-guided bomb is manufactured by Raytheon in Texas. Raytheon is the world's largest manufacturer of the so-called smart weapons including patriots in Tomahawks.
Okay, now I'm not going to read the whole thing. You get the drift. Robert Fisk from the UK independent of which I spoke only moments ago he writes,
Wailing children, the wounded, the dead victims of the day cluster bombs rained on Babylon.
The wounds are vicious and deep, a rash of scarlet spots on the back and thighs are faced, the shreds are shrapneled from the cluster bombs buried in intermore in the flesh.
The words of the Hila teaching hospital are proof that something illegal, something quite outside the Geneva conventions occurred in the villages around the city once known as Babylon.
The Wailing children, the young women with breast and leg wounds, the ten patients upon whom doctors had a performed brain surgery, removed metal from their heads,
talk of the days and nights when the explosive fell like grapes from the sky. Cluster bombs that doctors say and the depth of this of the air raids around the hemlits of Nadeer and Okrim and I'm a red part of that yesterday, didn't I?
Okay, there you go. Just a little verification.
Ralph Nader writes, puzzling questions arise from Bush's campaign of fear.
He says, with a chicken-hawk driven war on Iraq and high gear, Bush and Cheney have learned that the best way to silence the Democratic Party, distract from their miserable domestic outrages and provide the corporate and rich classes with favors, is to envelop our nation in fear.
Using false or distorted statements, contrary to the findings of U.S. intelligence agencies, to exaggerate Iraqi threats, weapons and terrorist connections as reasons for the war, their invasion and prolonged occupation may produce greater risks of stateless terrorism in the U.S.
Last fall, the CIA informed Congress of just this higher probability resulting from an Iraqi invasion.
Watching reports describing our draft dodging President is totally immersed in the scope and details of his Iraqi invasion, a number of puzzling questions arise.
One, why is Bush pouring half the entire U.S. military at huge cost into the Persian Gulf while rejecting the frantic request by cities in states such as New York City for overdue monies for homeland security?
Two, what will Bush say to Americans if no weaponized nuclear-chemical or biological materials are found in Iraq where if found not used as 60 minutes World War II veteran Andy Rooney believes we ourselves would use if a powerful foreign invasion was overwhelming our country?
The CIA told Bush that Sodom would be more likely to use these chemical and biological weapons if the U.S. invades.
Three, with domestic necessities of the American people being ignored, why is Bush pushing Congress for yet another huge tax cut for the wealthy while Alan Greenspan is warning about larger budget deficits this year and afterwards?
Four, albeit surrounded by his little click of ID logs, why is Bush refused request to meet from any of the 13 major anti-war groups representing tens of millions of Americans?
They include labor, business, clergy, human rights, war veterans, academics with national security experience, positions that elected city officials who have much to inform him.
Some have battle experience in the Gulf and know about toxic exposures to our troops others have returned from Iraq with first hand knowledge about conditions.
Still others are steeped in the boom-roaring effect of ill-advised belligerents and distraction from more serious global conflicts and struggles against sabotage.
Tony Blair and London receive for nearly an hour a delegation from the National Council of Churches headed by former Congressman Bob Edgar.
Yet the council leaders have been rejected by their own president for the past year.
There is the cause and effect of history that Bush needs to know about in the Middle East. Maybe he wouldn't have used the word crusader and Pope God's will in his divine guidance regarding overthrowing Saddam.
Such references are viewed in Islamic societies as meaning a religious war.
But Bush doesn't seek any advice and information insights from these informed Americans. He has ignored all the written requests.
5. Immersed in Iraq, Bush pays little attention to America. He's spending four more time on the Middle East and destructively so than on the manufacturing decline of the Middle West.
And he wants to cut veterans' benefits, his unchallenged domination of the mass media leaves little space for others to raise these issues.
Heard about opportunity cost or opportunities lost of his Messianic militarism lately. No attention to a long frozen minimum wage worsening poverty, skyrocketing drug prices, along with serving consumer bills for oil and natural gas.
Heard about advances needed for energy efficiency and solar power and less gas-gustling motor vehicles. Bush has put America on hold.
6. What is a weapon of mass destruction anyhow?
Ask Iraqi families whether or not Bush has sent weapons of mass destruction from the ear, from the sea and on land, to smash their country and destroy tens of thousands of lives in order to topple one man.
Having the economic sanctions blocking medicine, surgical materials, and sanitation purifiers for clean drinking water, taking lives of enough Iraqi children over a decade?
Deliberately making civilians suffer for a military overthrow of a dictator happens to be a violation of international law.
7. Why did no-it-all Bush who ironically brags about making decisions from his gut, stifled a cent from his war policy and its likely aftermath that still simmers at his sub-cabinet levels inside the Pentagon, the CIA and the State Department.
Leading retired generals, admiral diplomats, and national security officials try to articulate to send criticism publicly over the past few months.
8. Except for the oil and munitions industries, the war is a downer on the economy.
A few business executives have spoken up strongly, most are not prone to speak publicly for fear of retaliation and retaliation by the Bush administration which in this area is believed to be vindictive against corporate dissenters.
From the big Geneva Switzerland auto show last month, automotive news executive director Peter Brown of Detroit talked to many European auto executives, he writes, personally, most of the executives oppose this war as unnecessary and likely to lead a greater terrorism instability.
Later said this is pretty much the judgment of most US foreign policy establishment whose prominent ex-government officials are also being ignored by the all-knowing instinct-driven president.
Where'd he go?
Yeah, ready to go Ralph.
Ralph, later for president.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Thanks for screwing up the election, Ralph.
And then, Norman Solomon, who's great, by the way, any relation to Gilbert?
No, I don't think Norman will be calling us anytime soon.
He writes, minutes after the dawnspread daylight across the Iraqi desert, embedded scene in correspondent Walter Rogers was on the Irwood Live Report.
Another employee at the network former US General Wesley Clark, on the job in a TV studio back home, asked his colleague a question, when Rogers responded he addressed Clark as general insurer, the only thing missing was a salute.
That differential tone pretty much sums up the overall relationship between American journalist and the US military on major TV networks, correspondence in the field have bonded with troops to the point that their language and anunciated outlooks are often indistinguishable.
Meanwhile, no matter what tensions exist, reporters remain basically comfortable with Pentagon sources and what passes for debate is really anything more than the second guessing of military decisions.
It's okay to question how, but not why, this war is being fought.
Sure, some journalists have raised uncomfortable questions for top war makers in Washington, at this point within the bounds of mass media, the loudest voices of pseudo descent have demanded no other than the US government miscalculated by failing to deploy enough troops from the outset.
When the media debate centers on whether the US has attacked Iraq with adequate troop strength and sufficient lethal violence, the full-crime of support media balances far into the realm of perfect militarism.
Exceptional reports on American television conspicuous for their rarity have asked deeper questions. On the ABC program nightline, Corresponded John Donbund, Shilita, what embeds have routinely missed.
Rather than traveling under the Pentagon's wing, Donbund and other intrepid unilateral venturized on their own, in his case, the results included in illuminating dispatch from the Iraqi town of Saffwan.
Just because the Iraqis don't like Sa'dam doesn't mean they like us for trying to take a mock-down but explain to the contrary, although people started talking to us in a friendly way after while they became a little tense.
These people were mad at America very mad and they wanted us to know why it was because they said people in town had been shot at by the United States.
Declining to travel in tandem with US troops, Donbund was able and willing to report on views not up to be expressed by Iraqis looking down the barrels of invaders' guns.
Why are you taking over Iraq? That's how the people in the crowds saw it take over, not liberation.
In contrast to the multitudes of embedded American reporters, the unilateral Donbund was oriented toward reality's deeper than fleeting images, instead of zooming along on the media fast-track he could linger.
In short, if embeds are always moving with the troops, unilateral's get to see what happens after they pass through.
The visible anger of Iraqi people has roots and events that usually get described in antiseptic and euphemistic terms by US media outlets.
What else did we see by going in as unilateral's? A close-up view of collateral damage.
The US says it's trying to limit injuries to civilians, it is however hard not to take it personally when that collateral damage is you.
Donbund reported on a wounded Iraqi man evidently a bus driver who had lost his wife over the weekend, she was the collateral damage, so were his two brothers, so were his two children.
Journalism that may seem notable, notably during an US media, would not raise an eyebrow anywhere.
For instance, the contrast is stark between national public radio and BBC radio, or the PBS News Hour with Jim Lara and BBC television.
In comparison, most public broadcasting in the US seems to be cravenly licking the boots of Uncle Sam.
With a straight face and scant willingness to raise fundamental questions, American networks uncritically relay a non-stop erasure of statements from US officials that portrayed deadly Iraqi actions as heinous and deadly American actions.
They have debt squads and we have noble troops. Their bullets and bombs are odious, ours are remedies for tyranny.
It looks and feels like terrorism, a Pentagon official set on national TV after several American soldiers died at the hands of an Iraqi suicide bomber.
But if attacks on US troops inside Iraq are terrorism, what should we call the continuously massive bombing of Baghdad, surely the people in that city, the current assault looks and feels like terrorism? Right Norman Solomon.
Yeah, do you really believe that stuff? You said yeah. Yeah.
560560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Which celebrity music TV radio movies do you enjoy but would never admit to enjoying?
Very Manolo 54, boy Barry is burning away with it. George Rodriguez 38.
Man, who'd have felt it? Never expected you to be right on very zaz. Well George has into well M&M 30, the Marriott.
He arrived just 21. Michael Jackson 18, the back street boys. 17, that was enough on it.
George Michael 17, Mohawar David in 14, boy George 11 and stink 10, Richard Geer 4, Johnson Codd 4, Ricky Martin 4, and Barbara Streisend 3.
Out of 145 votes.
Here's a call from beautiful antenna. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. One time listener.
In today's post times we were told in many letters to the editor to shut up and not criticize our fearless leader. Really?
And I'm just I'm going to start. You're going to start watching shutting up or criticizing?
Oh, OK. Well, Ben, I've been sitting back here too long just listening and taking this all in.
And I do believe I missed your poll yesterday as far as getting in, but I think back that people have learned a new word called horrific.
Yeah. They're saying it a lot. Yes, I bet you they are. OK, my friend. Well, thank you very much. Open up that mouth. OK, OK.
Rick Faxson says I decided to trade in my car for a Hummer, but after hearing about all of his comments and Hollywood, I thought that maybe he would also take that the wrong way.
That's right. We don't want a lot of hummers around time. Do we? No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Feds to pull plug on failing drug and terror ads. White House will also when study that found the ads weren't working. How do you like that?
Here's another fact that says I guarantee he will find weapons of mass destruction whether they were there or not.
Didn't last you at listen yesterday, but went on the poll. How for you could you forget? He gassed his own people. No, I see that's see that they don't get it.
And also evil doors. Somebody's a gift of evil doors, but since he's the only one that says that. Why bother?
What a fact is they're just pouring in with a bunch of stuff. You know, I could sit here and read till midnight. Maybe not. Maybe not a bad idea. Although we do have mad dog at one and any K from Gulf Stream.
I see this afternoon. Marlon baseball at the abraves tonight. Here's pomp and oh, hello. Yes, sir about Abba. He has a group that you like him. Sure. You like him?
Where we do it? Actually, yes, but about a minute. You were a minute. You won't know. I don't want to. Okay.
I have a quick question for you. Now that we have the Iraqi airport, are we going to have to send those security screeners over there?
Yes. No, that's where we're going to hire the new ones and bring them back here. And the other thing was why don't we get these Miami cops to plant the answer? You know, all the weapons of mass destruction?
While they're waiting for their product, when you say it's a good idea. Okay, excellent suggestions. So thank you.
The closing poll cash would always itself for cleaning righteous douchebag. Okay. Thank you.
But probably somebody else did it first before Paul. He's just copying it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18. So let's add Abba to their.
I mean, I like their music. It's fun. But I don't like it. But I like it. No, it's okay. But he's right. They're real men like me. We don't admit to liking Abba. Backstreet boys. Maybe.
This is a great record by the way. In spite of the fact you're getting carlosated.
This is certainly their best piece of work. We got Abba goal. Let's play the Abba to Backstreet boys.
Huh? Side by each. You don't like this song? Is this a bit? No, this is a song. You don't like this one?
Great song. You can have like portion. Okay. How about the bacon? What's your later?
Well, we'll come back to it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. You don't have to worry about them. They're not a threat to you anymore. They're dead as a doorknob. Nick Carter went out on his own by the way.
Nick said doing pretty good. He's looking okay. Nick. He's not looking too bad since that last bar fight. That can't fight in the bar. We're not playing Abba.
What is this? SOS. Go away back. SOS. Oh, yeah. Before I was born. Sorry. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Barry Manalo 54 Jordan Rodriguez 40 and they're only doing that because they hate you. Right. Neo Rogers 33.
Neo Rogers 33. Neo Rogers 23. But I think I thought I'd have a lot more votes than you do because I have this big closet audience.
But I guess you're more like. In fact, you know something. This is true because like Rimmer always denies listening when you're on but then he'll always quote what you.
You know what that little George said it. You know. And then my mother the same things she pretends you don't listen when you're on. You know.
I know I know at least 60,000 people who pretended don't listen when you're on but they don't hate it. But they can tell me what you said. Right. That little he didn't speak to you.
Do you know what he said? No, because I'm not listening. Here's West Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, you could read all those things to your blue in the face. But you're going to go to your grave knowing of a Republican.
I'm going to be in office because Bush is going to get real like this. So what does that mean? So what is that true? That means that you could pull on the hard strings of all these people striving to these babies. But you know what?
You got to kill all these bastards before they get to us. Man. Kill all these bastards before they get to us. Okay. Here's a very good bush looking call. You got to kill all these bastards before they get to us. Okay.
Sir, you are one of the sickest sons of bitches I've ever spoken to have any air on here for a hundred years. There's only one billion one hundred and seventy maybe not a hundred years, but.
About 30, man. Yeah. How do you like that? You better get busy. Gotta get them before they get us. You are tragic.
Main little children. Okay. Not to mention, of course, the Americans and the Brits, the allies were getting butchered over there.
And again, keep in mind they didn't want us to see the images of the butchered POWs. The ones who weren't being held captive. The ones who already were dead. Those grotesque images that they were shown in a lot of other places.
They didn't want us to see that because it makes it more real. It's not part of that video game mentality that assholes like you have. Oh, Bush will still get it. You see, this is all you can relate it to is politics.
Partisan stupid ass politics. Rush Limbaugh, the Schmidt, the Ditto heads. Look at that. That's all you know from.
You're perfect. You're a perfect Bush lemming. Okay, sir. It's the evil doers. It's the good guys and the bad guys.
Well, who the hell are you to pick and choose and decide who the bad guys are? Okay.
How about the little kid who the soldier threw the Frisbee to yesterday? Is that going to kill us someday? I don't think so. Whether without the Frisbee.
You moron. You imbecile man. You're a simpleton. You're disgusting. Another one of these America first is okay. Let me just tell you right now.
People from all over the world once you take their clothes off, they're all pretty much the same. You know what I said? Maybe for body parts, bigger ones little ones. They're all the same.
You check inside the organs. They're all still the same. And all the organs coming out of those the capitated butchered bodies over there in Iraq. All bleed the same.
So don't feed me this crap. We got to kill all of them. What a genius man. I'm so proud that you're a Bush liquor. It makes me please. It makes me please this punch.
I'm going to go for Al Gore again. Even though he's a piece of crap. I'm going to go for four again five times. Maybe he'll win this time. What do you think?
Now that's right. I forgot what state I was in. Jebs got to fix in. Just in case.
Man, there you go. Listen, as you listen day after day after day and I sit here fully anticipating. I'm going to give any of these people opportunity to say what they want.
What more did he need to say? What more was I going to listen to of crap like that? I'm going to go to my grave knowing that Bush wins the reelection. That's what they said about his papa too, I guess. How do you do? Not too good.
We didn't like the eight years of prosperity we had. We were all better out of shape about a few blow jobs. That's what's important. Not bodies being the bodies bursting in aware and the bombs bursting in air.
No, a few blow jobs. That's what was bursting. Gortskourt in air and on that dress. That was the problem. And aren't we lucky to have that bitch that disgusting and culture moving down here so she can concern with her boyfriend.
Mad grudge and by the way Lynn, why don't you sever that relationship? Okay, I have a little self respect. Have a little self respect. I love you, Lynn, but my God, how in God's name can you consort with a self hating creep bag like that?
Well, that's right. I forgot she's a bag. What she said that. She did say that. What do you give me a look for? She's great. I love her, but she's just, you know, misguided. Maybe now, and colder can keep Miss grudge busy.
And Lynn can be doing more productive things like emailing me back in 450 times today, which I enjoy. What do you like? What do you smoke? It's a true. That's a good name for that guy. That's the name for Miss grudge. Miss guided. Excellent. Miss guided with his world flaming. I mean, a famous website. We had 42 million hits for 80. Great. Good luck to you. You're still a puss.
It's your was only standing up against the way no mother's scream read a banana from Roth office supply. Would you bring us, y'all bring us some of them? Good pens? That a fact. There, see, there I go again. Yeah. There you go again. Isn't that what Reagan told Watermond? There you go again. That's what he said, but right. You don't remember it. 1057 at 560. Your rabble rousing station for the 90s WQM where we have balls, baby, whether Donna likes it or not.
My my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my
my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my my M g
Mck l Holland
McPherson
McPherson
They've been very tough because they've been
from was Leo. Oh my God look at the clock. Titanic starts at the mall in 15 minutes.
That's hurry. Hold on Leo we're coming. Okay thanks for listening. June and next
time on Titanic talk when our topic will be Leo. Rock Leo. How can we have forgotten
and somebody faxes in says how about Leo the camper or for your list. It's on here. Got Leo?
I hated him until I saw the movie at the beach. Hate to admit it. Okay. Love the show.
But listen for over 10 years even listen when George is on. I'm one of the 30 men. Have a great day. Thank you Peter.
Peter likes to go to Caprio naked is what he's saying. Huh? Yeah. Maybe if he had another couple of meals. I still don't know.
He just does his head. It's his bulbous for me. I don't even care about that. He just is just his whole ambiance. The whole thing with him. He just slimy. The whole pop.
Yeah. The package. Here's the fact is as I felt compelled to contact you because of a book you suggested for us to meet many years ago.
It was the biography of J. Edgar Hoover. The times of the red scared Joseph McCarthy are clearly parallel with what's slowly taking over today.
Gave your Hoover. The fascists are so much better organized than the majority they rely on. The fears of people who may lose their jobs.
Business for just speaking out. Everyone should read the J. Edgar who book. If anyone wants it, I'll send it to them for free.
I can't. Why can't people see what's happening? I'm really. Well, you know why some of the people can't see like that last month that called me.
You know, you know, you can keep reading that stuff until health free. You know something. If you want to listen to it.
If you want to absorb it. If you want to think about it fine. If not, that's okay. I'm not going to change the world sitting here on some stupid sports station in my
understanding, but I'm doing the best I can. I'm trying to make a little bit of a difference. That's all. I'm not thinking I'm going to change this grip that these maniacs have got on the government.
I just think some people ought to be aware of it. That's all. And I think at least if nothing else I'm exercising the right,
what we still have a little bit left to be on here and spewing this stuff out because the day may be coming very very soon when nobody can say these things.
It's a going out of business. Exactly. Going out of business. I'll put a first amendment. I mean, what kind of asshole? You know, these people are a throwback to that light bulb radio.
And the right wingers and the left wingers are conservative. And forget about that. They're all a bunch of crooks. I'm the only one honest enough to tell you that they're all a bunch of crooks.
It's just that the Democratic Party is less malignant. That's all not good. In fact, right now they're even more responsible because they've sat back for the most part and kept their mouth shut and they've goose stepped. They've goose stepped.
That was the Democratic Republican in last column. I read that was Ralph, anxious Ralph, Nader. That old fossil who wrote that it was a great column. Two, by the way, all those questions, which will never get answers to.
No wonder Jesse Ventura don't want any part of either of these two parties. You know what? And Donnie who rest in peace. Now he didn't die just to show died.
Anyway, Hollywood Chamber of Commerce invites you to expo Al fresco 2003. This is from our good friend, Joe, Arizona. Hollywood's ultimate networking party in food tasting extravaganza Wednesday, April 30th, five to eight 30 PM.
One admission price includes gourmet food testing. Beverage is I say testing tasting whatever stick it somewhere entertainment snow toboggan ride Hollywood's biggest trade fair Wednesday, April 30th, Harrison Street east of Vixie, highway downtown Hollywood advanced ticket price 10 bucks, 15 bucks at the gate.
The net proceeds the port net proceeds benefit the Broward Outreach Center presented by the greater Hollywood Chamber of Commerce for information on the tickets and ticket out locations call 954 9234000.
Participating restaurants are going to be involved in the gourmet food testing amazing chocolates, argantango and Lenny city subs were by the way the good news at Lenny city subs no more Scott.
Where I read does make the difference now without Scott. All the great news. Features at Holiday Inn, the beef eater British marketplace catering by Randy Randy and a bunch of others in our career.
They've been busters they're good pies on to this station anybody else we like. No, wants Mandarin house sweet tomatoes the sub center. Well, whatever. So there you go. Keep that and never mind me again for a good buddy Joe was only brought in some nice pains brought in some good stuff.
Very mantel O 55 George Rodriguez 46 people you enjoy but and see don't knock this because. At least they're admitting they enjoy you they just want to admit it that's a good thing.
Sure. MN 36 Neil Rogers Neil Hoyers 27 Michael Jackson tied with George Michael 21. Michael Michael motorcycle the best read boys.
Oh, if they're made in the name.
Oh, how are David at 17 boy George 15 and stink 11 and stink.
Farmer star stand seven Richard gear four Johnson caught a four Mickey Martin for an abba has got four already. Everybody likes an apple but like the guy said nobody wants to admit it.
Oh, yeah, I like that. You can talk it up to what? No, I'm not. All right.
See if you let it go I hit it right square man. I hit it square. Hit it. It's square as okey Bergwood at winning gold last night for Lisa.
It's Minnesota one of the most boring games I ever saw Matt Sundine gets a puck in a mouth right before to play off. Yeah, he'll be okay.
Got some teeth some dental work to be done here. I love puck right in the mouth. Yeah.
Yeah, they said I said he got a puck in the mouth and you're going to get a puck in the head if you don't watch it pervert.
And what do they don't want to do like you? Here is a Jupiter. Hello. Your pop it up.
Yeah, pop this. Yeah, right.
Yeah, listen. Was it only music guys or was it anybody? I guess it's anybody. It's TV music TV radio movies.
In other words, anybody any entertainer? John should both. No, okay. I wouldn't admit it. I know, but I do. Okay.
Hey, um, yeah, you know, if you're going to look, you got a camera right now, right? Not at the moment. It looks like South Florida to me. That's when we depressed.
What do you understand about this great thing? Is he in trouble or is he going to be all right?
About great thing? Don't care. Nah, they made a big deal out because he came on him and McLean actually I watched that. Did you see it? No, no, no, no.
I don't know what the CBC was upset about. It was more entertaining than that crap. All your kids out there. It was great because Trey went off about how the Canada ought to be supporting the US and the war and McLean really let him have it.
They went seven minutes back and forth. And of course, in the media, there was a big deal and your phone just scrapped down. He's not in trouble.
He's not in trouble. He gave his usual typically either right, white and blue American flag on his usual militant right wing patriotic crap that you expect from him.
McLean did a good job of putting up with a piece of crappy one. Nice going, Ronnie. You worth every penny, a five six seven O five 60 pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Crawl Springs. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? I'm dead. You're glad it's Friday. Yeah, that's okay. Yeah, I want to add someone to your pool. To your pipe pool. Okay.
Some of the night like I've never admit BG's the BG's are very unfashionable because first it's just going second. They got those high-fall set of voices. Yeah, but a lot of people. I mean, my wife has a lot of
their CDs and I mean, I like them when she puts it on, but I sure if I would never put it in there, I would never let another. I like them. Yeah, not a manly thing to do. I don't think. Okay, paly, but the music is good. And my
rest in peace, Morris. One more thing. Yes. Brian Sears put these guys to shame this. Me. Is there's even great? Unbelievable. I've never seen anything like it in my life. I've been going to the
harness track for 43 years. Now I have never seen anybody over an extended period of time to do the job that Brian. So you're God, Brian. I mean, even guys I've been there forever. Like you're at the
industry. I mean, he's winning like half the races on the car. Yeah, he's going back to the metal soon though. Huh? Middle of this. Yeah, very soon, middle of this
morning. I'm going to keep him and ship out. Wally. Nice. Sounds good to me. All right. Take care. You too. Don't take it. Personally, unless you want to, Wally, how's it going?
Hey, get lost. Wally. You're killing us. One thing about my friend, Wally. Hennessy, man. He is guaranteed to disappoint. Oh, he ain't no Dave. Ingram.
Hand though. Five six seven, oh five 60s at Warman here again. Yeah, it's getting a little warm.
Yeah, hang on. Okay. I'll play some Abba.
I want you off life. I got the phone number for Emerald Coast.
Yeah, who wants it? A nice listener. We have to do this ourselves because the sales department will don't get me started.
9 5 4 5 7 2 38 22. I
Is the light burned out in here? Look at that. I'm pressing this thing. I guess the bulb is going on the microphone.
Like, oh, yeah. Well, tell me about next time he shows up when he decides to show up again one of these days.
He was he was coming in all the time until I said he was a fat slump. Nine minutes after 11 at 560. I'm just trying to help you out.
Holy Oh, lose all the more weight. You got a good start. Now lose another 50 70 80.
Get down to like 300 and we'll feel that you're going to, you know, make another month or two. We got too many big fat people in this place. Okay.
Shouveling all kinds of bacon and stuff down their face.
I would be surprised if the beast is here sometime in the next hour.
Probably sitting out on a curb downstairs, puking his guts out. He's probably doing the old Karen Carpenter finger down the throat routine. Huh?
Listen.
There he is.
Anyway, speaking of putting something good in your push, how about Oliomet? It really works.
I've been telling you about Oliomet for a long time because it's something that you can take that's good for you.
Oliomet soft gels contain the finest olive oil you'll find anywhere. Not just ordinary olive oil, but super concentrated, loaded with health benefits.
Oliomet every day can help reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol. Plus there are 14 different Oliot formulas. What did I just say? Oliot. Oliot.
Know anybody who ever went to Juliet and Oomio and Oliot. Oomio and Juliet, formulas to choose from.
Each Oliomet formula contains pharmaceutical rate olive oil with vitamins, minerals and herbals to support specific needs for your health,
from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system. Just pick out the formulas that are right for you.
And now we got three new Oliomet formulas, one to help you sleep, one to help you control that weight.
And cell Q10 for your heart. You'll find Oliomet at more and more places because more and more people are taking it and popping it too.
Pick some up today at Publix, Eckerds, Walgreens, Whole Food, Markets, Navarro, Zor-Sodano, Zor-Ordor-Rodon line if you like OliometAmerica.com.
If you want to get more information about what their products can do for you, call them toll free, ask all the questions you want. Call 1-866 Oliomet.
That's 1-866-6536-3633. Get your Oliomet today and start feeling like a human being.
My, my, and local, this is 420-560.
You weigh a few, yeah.
Bad data is quitsnith and gloom.
Well, congratulations, get a life.
No like cut little stinkers, that funny little sound that comes right out your stinkers.
Want to copy me and do exactly like I do? Get paid for writing little songs about boo-boo.
My brains are gone. I'm trying to get my groove on, but I can't figure out which spice girl I'm gonna fart on.
And Dr. Dre asked, yo, ma'am, you're pascans.
Yeah, I know.
What do I smell as?
Man, you low-quas.
Well, since age 12, it seemed like I always smell that butt-ripping gasses and tootin' was pretty swell.
I got pissed off when I took my jeans off and farted so hard,
and turned my underwear backwards like Chris Croft.
And every night I'm like, oh, dinner's ass.
Then it's fun at my ass, fast and the fat makes you a-too-fat.
Smell this honey.
Yo, feel the pain of master, girl.
Cause I don't give a fuck.
God said me to stink the world up.
Minus.
Minus.
Minus.
Smell this honey.
Back them.
Minus.
Minus.
Minus.
Smell this honey.
My English teacher wanted me kicked out back in junior high.
Said the problem was, something pulled up my ass and died.
I shot him in the face with my vapor.
The worst happened later.
When I covered his desk with you's toilet paper.
It was walked in the strip club.
My intestines were filled up.
Move the bar tennis and took a dumpling and a tip club.
I went over to a dancer, had a fuck in her guard.
She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a fodder.
99% of my life I was lied to.
I just found out my mom's got all gas and I do.
I knew I'd grow up to be a famous rapper.
They crack it about strange noises made on the grapple.
You know you will endure when the women rush to leave.
You try to hold it back, but you must need it relieved.
The sky at white castle said it was pretty cool.
But I had to go, go drop the kids off and move.
Minus, minus,
.
Mia
Minus
Mia
Mia
Mia
Mia
Mia
Mia
1114-560 W-Cm-Cym-Francine 16 votes. The poll starting to take shape now, you know what I'm saying?
had all those a bit times there's anything I got more by the way but that's okay you keep
reading that stuff and you'll see yeah uh-huh we'll see very manllow 57 George Rodriguez 50
which celebrity do you enjoy but would never admit it closet enjoyment very manllow 57 George
Rodriguez 50 you're you got a shot at first place you're a contentor a closet uh case you know
a case a lot of people would say that yeah in fact that'd be a good pull next week which one of
these do you think is a closet case George or a basket case that's because you sound swishy
on here uh-oh kid-hole M&M 40 that's why I just played my anus which we haven't played in a
long time Neil Rogers 29 uh George Michael 24 Michael Jackson 21 Backstreet Boys 19 Mohawar
David 18 Boy George 16 and stink 14 I can't imagine anybody over the age of 10 admitting they
like to stink even if they really did god my goodness that tinkerbell and it's it I mean I'm
sorry I don't believe he ever even touched her even a little peck on the cheek even a little pecorino
instinct 14 Abba 9

R
overdance
Did I ever dance?
I asked you first.
All these years in your youth, you ever go to dances in your dance?
In college?
Yeah?
Don't you remember I told you about those phony dates I had in college?
Right, but you never mentioned that.
Boy, you would have liked Arlene, man.
Let me tell you, ah, wow.
You just hooters?
Huh?
You hooters?
Huge.
She was a big girl.
Big, big, big.
She was not you.
No, what are you doing, Liker?
Chicks.
No, that's not the real.
I know a little bit.
Those were the days of the twist, baby.
I was twisting it.
I was twisting it and tying it and not hub-a-hub.
Of course, it...
No, I couldn't tighten it.
No, it's not being on.
But no, and I told you about the...
The grasser, where he rented, I told that story many times on the year.
I missed it.
No, you did not about the renting that Chevy Impala, the Jail, the Car, going on the woods on the grasser, with the blanket.
Some of it?
Yeah.
Then he stoned on my ass and then of course, on the other hand, remember, she would kept going off in the woods to pee in the woods.
Yeah.
And then the next thing I remember is waking up the next morning in my bed in the dorm.
Yeah, I tasted it.
And noticing that my roommate had taken his mattress off the...
In other words, I look up and there on his mattress has gone.
I told you the story.
And his mattress is in the room next door.
Because I puked all over the place from being drunk.
Can I screw-and-it?
You have a night at the Abol game.
And then they had to take me back to the scene of the crime because my watch and my glasses were laying there on the blanket.
And it was...
Yeah, true story.
And that beautiful brand new Chevy Impala that I rented to go to Detroit and pick up my date and come back.
It was scratched...
I mean, you know, because we just drove through the past this was like in the middle of the woods.
You know, just scratched up like a...
It looked like a beat up old gelopy like something that Beenerboard would drive.
Yeah.
And they didn't care.
They have good insurance.
I was shocked.
I didn't want to take it back.
They didn't care.
And that nice?
That was very nice of them.
I was into the name of the Renekirr company.
Dancing, not even for a second.
Well, what does that mean?
No, because you're like a stodgy old fart.
But you know something to say.
I bet your mole used to be a hell of a dancer in his every day.
He did the tango.
Huh?
Of course, he...
They used to have to...
Whoever he was dancing would have to hold his way down.
You know, the Madison.
Sometimes you see people dancing and one hand is on the shoulder.
There's always always on the forehead because they had to hold his piece down.
Charleston.
Keep the piece.
That's...
That's most model with the more...
Keep the piece on most head.
The funky chicken.
He did the funky chicken.
And I've always said, punk him.
I would like to dance on his grave.
I have no idea.
Oh, I'll get the camera.
And if I ever dance, there you go.
That's what I'm gonna dance again.
That'll be my only dance will be on Mohaward's grave.
I'll bring the boombox.
Oh, man.
I can't wait.
Can't we do it soon?
What's your choice of tunes?
Everything's coming up roses?
Yeah, that would be good.
Mmm.
I already told you.
Villains people.
That's right.
That's right.
You're gonna be...
...his hysterical homophobia.
I'll be the policeman.
In fact, when I was out there with Geltie in the hall, we bonded on Monday.
He comes out.
Well, hello ladies and gentlemen.
Good to meet you.
I look like a lady.
I said, end Geltie.
And he gets his eyes started rolling around it because I said, Geltie.
Oh, you didn't share it.
I should have said, how's it going, Mohaward?
That would have done it.
That would have put that dead rat's mustred on.
I got a great column here.
I'm gonna read eventually.
Oh, here's Rich Pactor wants to plug too.
But everybody wants to use me while I'm very used and abused.
So then answer your question about my dancing and not a very long career.
I don't know.
But I mean, the idea that I'm a stagie old fart now, I mean, you know,
just because somebody is stagging over, can you see like some of these people
like your grandmother, Rest in Peace?
Yeah, she died really young.
Okay, your mother.
Oh, ah.
Yeah, no, you know what?
She might be dancing right now.
But is that me?
She dances.
She dances.
You mean that those places where old fart's go to dance?
Who's she dancing with?
The devil?
Probably.
Her conscience.
Yeah, I don't want to hear about your mother.
I got enough property.
He either.
I don't want to hear about it.
Ray Parker, Rich Pactor's son, Third Nostril, that's his group.
Oh, wait until you hear the names of these groups.
It's a tribute show for Kurt Cobain, this Saturday April 5, which looks like tomorrow,
starting at 7.30 p.m., I'll show 7 bucks.
And where is it going to be?
Oh, at the Pompano Indoor Skate Park.
Thank you, Rich.
The groups are Third Nostril featuring Ray Pactor, Smegma, and a cause for action.
Smegma.
You almost smell it here.
Pompano Indoor Skate, 2171 Blood Road South of Copens Road for information,
Pompano Beach, call 979-7966-954-979-7966.
Thank you, Rich Pactor, an extra charge.
Boy, 61 votes for Barry Manalo, 52 for Jorge Rodriguez, and 40 for Eminem,
only 30 for years, truly.
You missed it, Pat?
I thought I had about 100 in all I got.
About 30, man.
Here's a lady in Miami, hello.
Hello.
Yes, man.
I'm still back at the name of that group, Smegma.
It's a great name.
Wow.
I don't think I would have thought of it on my own.
The sweet smell of success.
Oh, my God.
Okay, I got a lot of stuff here.
You're talking to a former Vietnam protester.
Okay.
And...
Oh, veteran.
Oh, yeah.
A veteran of protester.
Now I'm protesting in my own home because there's some reason my son has turned into a major hawk,
who believes that if I do not support the non-elected president, then I don't belong in this country,
and I'm wishing death on all the troops, and it's gotten to the point where there's an uneasy truth of not even talking to him.
How old is your son?
Twenty.
He's an asshole.
Not only that, I said, if you're this much of a hawk, why didn't you enlist in the army?
Yeah, if he's so gun-
Why isn't he over there killing people?
Too many rules.
And getting put you up with Jessica.
Right.
I...
In fact, you know...
Oh, your phone is crapin' out.
Are you still there?
I'm sorry.
Yeah, I'm still here.
Let me move it.
Hold on.
Can you hear me now?
Yeah, I got a great act.
Now we're talking about a word.
Come back or I'm not.
She can listen on the radio.
Well, they got to her.
Yeah, they got to.
I'm sorry, but I couldn't...
The conversation was breaking up.
I was gonna say, if she's got a ball-peeing hammer when her kid is asleep,
she can break both his kneecaps, like Kathy Bates, you know.
You know, also break one elbow.
He can relate to Jessica.
She had two broken legs in it, a broken arm.
If he wants to be such a hawk and be so, you know,
Gungho for his country in the Bushman administration.
He shot wounds in a stab wound.
The couple are gun-shout wounds.
Probably, you know.
In fact, any kids like that who are giving you rough time, you know, just...
Shoot them in the leg.
Yeah.
I mean, not threatening.
Right.
Yeah.
With the rubber band.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Yeah, I have a...
I have a Y question.
You understand?
A Y?
A Y question?
Yeah.
Like Y-100?
Yeah, like Y-100.
Yeah.
Are you in the middle of a church or something?
No, it's my computer.
Oh, it sounds like a church service there in the back.
I thought maybe we were in the crystal cathedral.
No, I...
I don't know why you're rooting for Saddam Hussein and a rock.
I'm not rooting for Saddam Hussein, asshole.
I wonder why you're such a schmuck, okay, puts.
Go back into the service your boyfriend, get lost.
I'm rooting for Saddam Hussein.
Oh, god, are you dumb?
Is he dumb?
You're getting more on.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Another one of those professional sticks.
Here's Key West.
Hello.
Key West.
Yes, hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Great show, Neil.
Yes, it is.
All right.
I am African American Middle and I have a...
Nobody's perfect.
I have a home.
I want to have one for your poll.
I love kids.
Kids?
Yes.
Well, that's interesting.
A brother who loves kids.
Exactly.
Okay.
All right, I'm definitely got Neil, but I'm great show and love George.
I got you down, amigo.
Buddy.
Bye-bye.
How do you like that?
He likes kids to dark guy.
Oh, you guys are kids?
You're not Jean Hart.
Huh?
I love that spot.
Oh, but we did stay at a holiday in Express Motel West.
Great spot, though.
Yeah, maybe.
In fact, that'd be a good poll someday, the best spots.
I still think the Pepsi light...
Me, I do.
I Pepsi, I Pepsi.
A couple of bloody magicians.
Oh.
I could watch that 100 times a day.
And in Toronto, for some reason, I guess on the Leafs TV or some of the sports channels,
that thing runs like about 100 times a day.
In fact, some days, like on a weekend, by noon, you've seen it a whole bunch of times.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
How come you're doing radio bagged, Ed?
How come you're for Sodom who's saying?
How come you're not for a bush liquor?
How come you're so unpaid, reality?
How come he's calling from here?
Nothing intelligent, nothing that makes any sense, nothing to justify all this barbarism going on.
And of course, they just like to have earplugs and blinders on.
Don't confuse them with the facts running into stuff that I'm wasting all of my time reading here.
Don't confuse them with this because it's too factual and they can't refute any of it.
So all they do is just call a bunch of stupid names to show their ass to the world, okay?
To show the world that they can lick bush.
And I had news for you, most of these people call them.
That's about the closest they ever came to it is on a picture somewhere.
Here's Miami, hello.
How are you doing today?
Okay, sir.
Okay, I got one more time.
How are you doing today?
Oh, I'm doing good.
Good.
How about John Tess?
John Tess, you like John Tess?
Yeah.
Okay, we won't tell anybody.
Okay.
Thank you.
Hey, uh, and book up.
Yes.
I got a new, how about the new colors for the army?
Gray and black.
Okay, thank you.
I don't know what he's talking about.
I don't want to find out.
John Tess put her on him on there.
The penis.
Is Nea famous penis?
Yeah.
He's.
He's.
This, this last collar.
No, don't you see the way that kind of like fits in?
No, just he's famous and the pianist.
He's a famous penis.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, V.
We have a like a marquee mark.
I did see book unites.
That was a famous penis.
He still has it too.
In a box number 26, past 11 at 5, 60.
I bet you just go and like to see that.
Can you watch your show on 5, 6, 8, 8?
I'm going to QA and you might need for my nails.
Friday, you bastard.
Now the lieutenant told his morons.
You have to let those missiles drop.
With a heavy artillery.
We've got to shoot and never stop.
We're having so the big attack.
Shelling will the back that feel.
And when a patchy start to take it in.
We had a run in for the hills.
Do you like it so well?
I can.
Shock and off.
Shock and off.
Do you like it so well?
I can.
Shock and off.
Shock and off.
By order of the president.
We move our troops along the ground.
And generate explosions.
To confuse and to confound.
The other side tactics.
To stop us with our human shields.
But our mission will be finished.
Until we steal the royal fields.
Do you like it so well?
Shock and off.
Shock and off.
Do you like it so well?
Shock and off.
Shock and off.
The first round is over.
It was just a little plan.
Anyway, we had a new billboard on the Apollo.
I told him off.
I said that's my crowd.
That's my closet crowd.
The one who's playing with the blow up.
I said that's my closet.
I said that's my closet.
I said that's my closet.
I said that's my closet.
I said that's my closet.
I said that's my closet.
I said that's my closet.
I said that's my closet.
I said that's my closet.
I said that's my closet.
I said that's my closet.
I said that's my closet.
I said that's my closet.
I said that's my closet.
I said that's my closet.
I said that's my closet.
I said that's my closet.
56670560.
$560 on EAT&T.
Tell them any case you're going to be doing the show from Gulf Stream.
For the meeting ages, death plus 20, okay?
But the good news is Gary Puckett and the union gap
are going to be singing this weekend, I think,
or a lot of those groups.
I hear the big bopper is going to be there, right?
Richie Vailans, they're going to be performing at Gulf Stream.
They figure why not forget about your dead people.
That's the general age of the crowd.
Don't be saying that.
Well, it's true.
It's true.
Man, is that an crusty old crowd at Gulf Stream?
They make the people in the club house at Pompadot Park,
reflect teenagers.
Here's Homestead.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Oh, yeah.
Long time, listener.
First time caller.
Okay.
And I was just calling to add something to your poll.
How about the B-52s?
The B-52s?
Yeah.
Your bombers are the group.
And the bombers are the group.
Good question.
Oh, that's a group, huh?
A bigger part?
Yeah, I'm sorry.
I need to see you here again.
5670, 568, 0560 on 810.
What's wrong with B-52s?
Why is that embarrassing?
I don't know, but he obviously, I don't know what history was,
whether he realized there was really a group to B-52s or a 50s.
Seriously, I don't know what he didn't know.
So I don't know.
Am I supposed to know?
He wouldn't know the B-52s if they stuck one off his ass.
Okay.
Just calm down.
5670, 5560.
What is it?
05, 0560.
Boy, oh boy.
If I've said that once, I've said it.
Fuck her, man.
Times today.
I still can't get it out right.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, what's up, Neil?
How you doing?
Okay.
All right.
Listen, I'm glad you brought a Brawfnader today because it was something I got into a,
not an argument with my wife, but I was discussing with her.
Remember when the election was going on and you had all these people coming out on behalf of Brawfnader?
Like Phil Donahue, yes.
Or Eddie Vetter from Pearl Jam.
Eddie Vetter.
He had better get better.
And now they're coming out, you know, and saying things, obviously against the war because, you know, they're against the war, which is fine, which I agree with.
Right.
People speaking out and saying their mind, but they helped to bring it to us.
Right.
That's right.
I told my wife at the time they went out and helped sabotage the election.
And regardless whether Bush was, you know, put in because of the Supreme Court or not, it would have never come to that.
And they were saying, well, we want to help Brawfnader get the same government grants that the other...
But it didn't happen.
It did not happen.
It wasn't even close.
It was just another...
It didn't reach money, you know?
I never understood the money amount.
It didn't even not much.
Why did they just pull some money if they want to get Brawfnader, you know, some more contribution?
Yeah.
Well, see, now they've got a guilty conscience.
They don't want to admit that they helped to give us the...
To keep the election close enough for these people to steal it, and that's what they did.
Yeah, they most certainly did.
And I'm like, you know, it's good kind to open your mouth now.
Amen.
After the fact, so...
Good point.
I just wanted to pass that on to you.
Okay, thanks a lot.
He wanted to pass it.
Okay, good job.
Even Tom Brady never passed it better.
He made it look better.
So Lin emails me and says that the tape that people were talking about with Phil where he was like doing his older.
It was a tape replay.
Old tape.
Back when he was good.
Remember those days?
Okay.
Where on top of these things?
Man, we got our spies from coast to coast.
And just wait till that bitch and culture moves down here and...
Well, I heard she's going to lay low with the Miss...
What do we call her now?
Guided.
Miss...
Guided.
Miss guided missile.
Or maybe just miss guided miss.
Here's a lady in Kendall.
Hello.
Good morning.
Yes, ma'am.
I was going to call you to tell you about...
I've been back for a couple of weeks because I was away for three months.
And listening to your show, somehow I hear more of George than I used to hear before.
No, he was just imagining it.
He's just more annoying.
Or maybe he's more annoying.
The second thing that forgive me, we already know about it.
But did you know that Rick Sanchez has a talk show?
No.
Oh, he has his talk show.
Rick, Ricky snatches is a talk show?
Rick Sanchez hasn't.
It's not on the...
That you're man-biz, the other station.
I forgot the name.
And people think he's the greatest thing yesterday, a woman called and chose you the intelligence.
She says to him, oh, you're fantastic.
You're like a human in psychopedia.
Oh, my God.
Last intelligence he ever said was...
I already have a homosexual relationship with Neil.
So I might as well have one with you, too.
That's the last intelligence thing I remember coming out of his place.
He comes from New York, from Waddo.
People...
They listen to people...
They listen to people...
He has the stations in New Jersey, New York State, and now here in Florida.
How depressing.
Very different from 4 to 6 pm.
I heard he's from a hunger.
Anyhow, like I said, I said to myself, George is getting too much air.
Well, I'm glad you pointed that out again.
Believe me.
Who is the George and George?
Excellent place.
I always tell him, okay, I'm glad you pointed that out.
I'll keep a lid on him.
Okay.
Thanks.
Bye-bye.
And say Rick Sanchez, 400 times quick.
Rick...
What's going on in the urine here?
Is he open?
That is in here.
I just didn't know that.
Now, if I get sick now from this room, I'm going to sue this place.
It's kind of like when you feel the germs like I'm flying into your throat.
This place is a goddamn death trap.
Hear that?
Not bad, actually.
It's sourcing.
I'm waving it all in this direction, okay?
To shut him up a little bit.
Yeah, he's tired of your talking so goddamn much.
And Carlos mentioned that the other day too.
He said, shut him up already.
I'm sick and tired of his crappy incantation, I'm gonna say.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neo.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
I'm doing pretty good.
Long time with.
So I inhaled that disease just now.
Neo, let me ask you something.
How would you handle the situation in Iraq?
You mean now?
Yeah.
You're too late now, man.
Not how would you have done it though?
I would have done the same thing.
They've been doing for a long, long time.
And then I would have gotten eventually phased out the sanctions.
So the people were going to eat and the people could drink.
And the people could get medicine.
And they could improve the quality of life.
And in a period of time, help them to be in a position where they were strong enough to overthrow the son of a bitch.
So you wouldn't have done it like yourself with your forces.
You would have just aided the people to help themselves.
In addition to what the inspector is having,
I would have tripled the number of inspectors in it.
It could have kept him tied up for years in there.
It could have kept him on the run for as long as they wanted.
And keep in mind, since we got his ass out of Kuwait, he hasn't invaded anybody.
He hasn't gassed anybody.
He hasn't done anything.
He represented no more threat to Washington, British than a Kakamoon.
All right.
That's all I wanted to hear.
That's my answer.
Thank you.
Okay. I think that makes sense to me.
Don't make sense to me.
Sure.
I don't know that, man.
But that wasn't in their plans.
In fact, you know, something after the break, I'm going to read that article by James Hoppe.
From the Charlton, the Charlton, because that in West Virginia.
Because that's what he talks about.
And unnecessary war.
And that's exactly correct.
But they made their mind up on this a long time ago.
Don't believe all this, you know, this hand ringing and all these, all this other crap.
This was decided like I told you before.
The die was cast and I do mean the word die, because a lot of people have in will.
The die was cast a long time ago.
The MINDING LOCALS IS 65 CITIES.
The radio's all yours.
YOU WANT!
Chocolate or giddy cockat?
It's time for the W-U-A-M Beauty and the Beast Contents.
Let's meet our Beast Judges.
Start it with the illustrious red leaves.
Thank you.
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
Now our next judge needs no introduction.
I'm sure you're all aware of our wonderful morning.
Right out of my way, did it, if that's anything?
Well, without any of the foida-er-do-do-do, I'll announce the order of the Beauty and the Beast Contents.
So I can get out of here, go home.
All right, give me the goddamn envelope.
Here you are, Mo!
And the winner is...
...Evslurrent number one.
Okay, Beast.
I am the Beast.
Your path little toy.
Behind that curtain is your date.
Is it going to be the Bachelor Red number one?
Or Bachelor Red number one?
Let me say number one.
I had figures.
You can't think we're all that fat, you have.
Wait a minute.
Oh, you like the part of the beer?
Give me a minute here.
I can't think I...
Number one.
Take your time.
Who you're...
...Fuck your time.
We're the most powerful.
All right, Beast.
Meet your mystery date.
Sport hole radio program director...
...Clarance.
Oh, I was hoping you'd pick me.
Well, I always thought you were trying to cute.
Maybe later we can talk about...
Sport?
You said sport.
Stop it, Claret.
I am the Beast.
And you're fighting my arm.
Stop it.
All right, you two might have hit luck at all.
Hitting the back of the head.
What for, Mo?
Because you won, you moron.
Now?
Now my guts to escort you...
...sought that date to the crazy horsey-sour stripped.
Here we are, kids.
Go have a good time.
Hey, we're off the floor.
It's a game club, Mo.
How no other looks like our audience in here.
The Beast.
The Eels audience?
Ah, not that backstabbing ice-smokers.
What the?
Sport.
I can't hear you serious.
What was that?
Sport.
What?
I said sports.
Sports?
Ahh!
Sport!
Wait!
Stop it, stop it!
Stop it!
Stop it!
Sport!
Let's go.
It's 11.45. The good news is the beast lost 2.5 more pounds on balance for life.
So finally, let's see, uh, 2.24.5 for 2.5 more. 60, we'll round it off. 60 pounds.
Let's hear it. On the beast.
Huh? A little bit slow lately, but he's finally gotten back on it. Took me coming back in the town of Enverus and humiliated and degraded him.
By the way, Moe Wapes, so Carlos, we almost forgot about that. We'll get to it eventually very soon.
5.6.7.05.60, pontified, and not unnecessary war rights, James Hought in the Charleston,
consent in West Virginia, he's the editor of same. Why did President Bush order 250,000 young Americans into the deadly peril of war when it really wasn't necessary?
Why did the only hundreds of high-tech U.S. missiles costing taxpayers a half a million dollars apiece on Baghdad, population 5 million half of them children, when it really wasn't necessary?
If Iraq has secret stashes of horror weapons, U.N. inspectors could have spent years coming the nation for them. If any forbidden materials would have been found, world tribunals could have prosecuted dictator Rosada Hussein.
But Bush wouldn't let inspections continue. He wouldn't listen to American moderates or world leaders, and study brush decide all discussion in order of the ultimate human horror, war.
Why? Why did Bush insist on an unnecessary war? The answer must lie in Bush's personality, his macho simplicity, his lack of wisdom, his exaggerated piety that sees everything as good versus evil.
He spent most of the winners saying that he wanted to avoid war, that it would be a last resort. He talked of disarmament conditions that Iraq might meet, but he decided earlier on war many months earlier.
The latest time magazine relates, F Sodom were taking him out. Those were the words of the president who poked his head into the office of national security adviser, Condoleezza Rice. It was March of 2002, and Rice was meeting with three U.S. senators discussing how to deal with Iraq through the UN, or perhaps in a coalition with America's Middle East allies.
F Sodom, he said. Bush wasn't interested. He waved his hand dismissively because of participant, and neatly summed up his Iraqi policy in that short phrase, F Sodom.
The senators laughed uncomfortably, rice flashed in knowing smile the president left the room. A year later Bush's outburst has been translated into action as cruise missiles and smart bombs, slammed into a slum in the Baghdad, the U.S. has launched the war unlike any it's fought in the past.
This one is being waved not to defend against an enemy that's attacked the U.S., the war has turned much of the world against America.
Bush's crude chest-numping a year ago sounds more like beard tavern swagger than intelligent state craft. It reeks of immaturity and the tough guy mentality, it displays no intellect.
It also implies that it subsequent months of diplomacy were merely a smoke screen he already had decided to attack.
Increasingly thoughtful analysts are pro-ing Bush's personality for explanations of his one man war, they conclude that Bush has a narrow vision that's easily one side of a topic, not weighing possible consequences of his actions.
Professor Catherine Van Wormer of the University of Northern Iowa and expert in addiction says that Bush has the many qualities of a dry drunk, a former alcoholic who stopped drinking, but still thinks obsessively.
She wrote, Bush's rigid judgmental outlook comes across virtually all his speeches. To fight evil, Bush is ready to take on the world in almost a biblical sense.
Bush possesses the characteristics of the dry drunk in terms of his incoherence while speaking away from the script, his irritability with anyone, for example Germany's Gerhard Schroeder, who dares disagree with him, and is dangerous obsessing about only one thing, Iraq.
Bush drank heavily for over 20 years until he made the decision to abstain at age 40. About this time, it became a born-again Christian going as usual from one extreme to the other.
Dana Milbank of the Washington Post wrote, the true explanation is deep in Bush's psyche, which draws sharp lines between good and evil black and white.
Bush's religious devotion encourages such distinctions, Bush implies but does not directly assert that he is doing God's work.
The latest Atlantic monthly features the mind of George W. Bush by conservative historian Richard Brookhizer, who writes, Bush's faith means that he doesn't tolerate or even recognize ambiguity.
There is an all-knowing God who decrees certain behaviors and leaders must obey. The historian says the president is limited by strictly defined mental horizons.
Richard Blow, former executive director of George magazine, said certainly the president is no intellectual. He received mediocre grades at college, he's not a big reader, he lacks curiosity, and he resists discussion about abstract subjects.
He couldn't last ten minutes with Bill Clinton in debate about public policy, and yet this is not to say that Bush is dumb, he makes decisions and sticks to them because he isn't interested in grey areas.
Possibly, Bush finds complexity intimidating, sometimes as sarcastic talks seem to mess kind of a mental insecurity, it is this stock process that's led Bush to war.
Florida State University, religion professor Leo Sandin wrote in the telehassy Democrat, there's a holy motif, a holy warm motif on part of both the United States and Iraq.
Our president believes that Sodom is evil and the US has been chosen by God and commissioned by history to be a model in the world of justice.
Sodom is assured his people that God is on your side and that your enemies will go to hell and be shamed, religion played a major role in getting us here, remember the idolatry that's implicit and too closely identifying the will of God with national aims.
Somewhere in all of this is the explanation for why Bush decided to throw 250,000 young Americans and hundreds of a half a million dollar missiles into an unprovoked war.
Somewhere in the middle, between Iraq and a hard place.
Our poll today on Neurodgers.com, which celebrity music TV radio movies do enjoyable would never admit at closet?
In the closet, very mandalo 65, George Rodriguez 53 in the closet, MNM43, Neurodgers 33, George Michael 27, Mohawar David 27, Michael Jackson 24 to Baxby Boyz 24, Abba 20, Boy George 20, and Stink 15, Barbara Streisand 10, John Secada 7, Ricky Martin 6,
Richard Gears 6, Bee Gees 4, Leo DeCamprio 1, Kisses God 1, John Pervolta and John Teixe, each have the big O.
The big O. Here's coconut crepe, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, Neil?
I got two requests. My buddy, shout 100 million. And you really love to hear. Can you kiss the negative tomorrow?
Yeah. Uh huh, right. 567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T. An Verizon wireless line. Good. God. Here's a call from Orlando. Hello.
That's pretty top of poking that article. Yeah. Hey, Neil, who do you watch now that you're back in the States?
Uh, which do you watch CNN now or MSNBC? Most of you MSNBC. Uh, you know, whatever else I can get.
I, uh, do you like Aaron Brown? Oh, I can't say Aaron Brown is the worst.
Well, he's kind of good looking though. He's good looking Aaron Brown. Well, maybe you can get a date with him.
Okay, asshole. He's kind of good looking. 560 yet. Maybe it's the black way. The red one used to be kind of pasty looking for the new black wiggers.
He's lovely. It's a fashion plate. He's making a fashion statement. 560 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. When did you find out that Ann culture was coming here? When did I find out? Yeah. Yesterday. Where was that in a newspaper? No, that was an email from my friend, Lynn.
And it's in this morning's Harold on the page for the people page. Oh, they even put it in there. Why are you excited about that? Well, I debated her once for a few minutes on five.
Why? Well, she would they brought her into last second. Why would you waste your time debating a bitch like that? It was a big waste of time. She changed the topic.
She hasn't she hasn't even know what planet we're on. She wouldn't know earth from Uranus. And she was prominently mentioned as a hypocrite and blinded by the right. Right. She is. What a hypocrite.
Hey, and that's just a hypocrite, but she doesn't she knows squat everything she taught when they had around crossfire one a couple of months ago. They made a monkey out of her. She didn't know what else she was talking about. They always put constitutional law. She hasn't tried a case in some of us. Yeah. And she lost that one, by the way. Yeah, but for George benefit. I still fuck her up the ass.
560 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T. You see that that woman was right. You just better dummy up that woman had called before she hates you. She wants you to shut up.
Why shut up? 560 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. A call from Atlanta. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Who was that article by that you just read? James Hout HAUGHT. He's the editor of the Charlottesville, Charlottesville, Virginia newspaper. Okay. Okay. I need. Thank you. You got it. That's all he needed right there. He got it.
It was on our website a couple of days ago. If you go back to the oldie moldy stories on our website the months from the past few days, you'll find it. What was the headline?
The headline was an unnecessary war. James A HAUGHT. You know what I said to Billy or Peter Houten or Cammy. What are you nodding your head about? What are you nodding your head about? No matter what I say, he nods his head. Do you know who Billy Houten is? Was? No, you don't. Who was he?
See what I'm saying? I know Willie Horton. Well, Willie Horton, right? You know Willie Horton? Here's a who? Now, which one? The convict or the baseball player? This beater boy, man, he's just, in fact, she better start liking George a little bit better. Otherwise, the beater boy start making noise. And that'll be really bad. Well, that's right. That'll be next week when George is on vacation.
Where are you people in for a treat? Now, how are you going to do the bedtime stories? What hint? Wow. He's going to do the bedtime stories with one hint and I can't tell you what he's going to be doing with the other one. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I have one for your poll. Okay. I'm ashamed to say I like Yani. Yani? Yani. I have to look at his PBS specials in a secure room so my friends don't know I'm watching. Oh my God. How embarrassing.
So when it pays the mouth guitar, I'll be damn. How do you spell that with a Y? Yes. Okay. We won't tell anybody. All right. But you're still. Okay. Thanks. He likes Yani. You got all of that. We got Yani. Let's hear it. Oh my God. I can't believe that. He's man. You get all the things in the world. I can't believe we got Yani. That's good. The bad and the in between. That's almost enough to make me a plate mouth guitar. You know, I've never actually stuck this in a CD player before. You've never stuck it? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure.
Oh. Oh, yeah. What's not to like? I love it. Let's talk. Line talk.
Oh, yeah. That's not for that. Can we put a picture of Scrooan on our website? I think she's already on her. Isn't she? Don't we have a picture of Scrooan? Yeah. She's on there.
Yeah, just use your nose. Okay. Lead you right to her picture. The aroma of unmistakable.
Says a friend of mine's a bartender at Pomano Park. So I drink free. I thought Scrooan was good looking. Oh, my God. Oh, you don't want to be there. Man. Don't go there. Don't go. There is exactly right. You don't even want to know what's been there.
Love him 57 at 560 WQ AM. The lights of West Bokeh is a great place. All you fat people out there. And thank God at the beast is losing man. Thank the Lord. Finally embarrassed and humiliated him to 24 and a half. He's down 60 pounds. Anyway, the lights of West Bokeh for you. Fat people are desperate to lose the weight and start getting your health back and look human.
It's got over 700 low carb sugar free products in this one great store. Whether it's number one atkins diet or any low carb sugar free diet.
The lights of West Bokeh is a story you're going to love. It's your low-car super store where everything in the joint has got low carbs and sugar free.
Come in and sample some of their newest bakery products like chocolate cupcakes and brownies by control carb.
You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website.
You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on the website. You can find them on
The first time a special instructional series that will teach you to play mouth guitar. You never learn to play a musical instrument. But that's okay. In no time you'll be playing mouth guitar. Learn these classics of the mouth guitar. Smoke on the water.
Sound the special. And in a Gata De Vida, the wrong version. And a little reverb. Fuzz tone. Wow wow wow wow. Play country mouth guitar. Order now and get this special bonus. The quintessential desk drummer.
And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And
And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And
And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb. And a little reverb.
diplomacy Saudi Arabia and the field search for Osama that book itself into paperback is worth
a reading about all of this it very clearly has been part of the game plan for a long time.
What's the call again?
It's called forbidden truth and the author is John Charles Reissard BRISAR D paperback it's
outstanding.
Thanks a lot now.
Okay thank you.
I haven't told you all about the pipeline that they wanted to build to Afghanistan and
then all of a sudden the Taliban yeah we had to be able to Taliban and they crapped out
on the same saying that was the end of that they jumped into bed with Osama and we said
but I'm being will get your ass and we'll find another way to do it.
Great article by the way on our website today by Thalif Dean from the enterprise service
there's no business like war business I want to start singing that you know maybe I'll
even dance to it on most grave there's no business like war business.
When the dust finally settles on post-war Iraq the United States may have unleashed virtually
all of it state of the art weaponry on a country already devastated by 13 years of rigid
U.N. sanctions after 14 days of heavy pounding U.S military forces so far have dropped over
8700 bombs including more than 3,000 missiles and also fired millions of rounds of ammunition
on military and civilian targets inside the country and it goes on I'm not going to read
the whole thing it's a lengthy article but well worth reading it including everything
else we got on there today like Nick Kristoff in the New York Times Iraq's not Vietnam.
Russian Muslims announced G-HOT against USA.
Russian Muslims declared G-HOT against USA.
I wonder what they're thinking somebody faxed me another copy of that article.
About that jackass from the SCIA.
Just unbelievable.
We're fighting World War 4 so he says so he tells us.
World War 4 and Syria is next and then Iran and anybody else we don't like and you're
all going to go step in line and all you stick in the schmata heads out there get with it.
We're giving you democracy whether you want it or not our brand of it by the way.
Kind of like you're going to start smoking cigarettes whether you want to and they're
going to be palmelles.
Yeah real strong you're going to be camels.
Gut wrenches cancer sticks all I don't smoke what you do now you do now whether you want
to or not you're smoking it.
As a matter of fact, sign that and muster agents found in the Afraidy's River story
from hours ago but it's breaking news on MSNBC.
For that's a pregnant woman got out screaming and then the car behind her exploded.
Well, now you go there's another good story from the naked city.
That was the suicide bomb and the homicide bomb you was talking about.
Where the three American soldiers got killed for no good reason at all.
See all you all you goose neppers out there that want to just follow blindly and pretend
that this is something wonderful when they show you these hearts and flowers stories
on MSNBC and CNN and they show these pictures from home on their bulletin boards of all
these beautiful young people men and women.
Stop and think about the ones that aren't coming back for no reason at all.
It's worth it for no reason at all the lives that are being stuffed out.
Not to mention eight and let me say it again.
Fifty percent of the Baghdad population is under the age of 15.
Fifty percent of the people in Baghdad are children.
I just mentioned that in passing and so the story that I read earlier which evidently
had no impact on some of the the mung heads out there.
Some of the goose neppers pretty sad.
Oh yeah, we got to kill them all.
Yeah, there was little children some day they'll grow up to be our enemy.
Well, you know something?
Now they will.
A whole lot of them all over the world.
That woman was right.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I just want to say that, you know, isn't this thickening the way on TV you see all of
these people hold.
They broke their convention or Geneva convention and everything about showing prisoners
or war and all of this stuff.
I mean, we've been breaking conventions and treaties for the last 30 years.
Yeah, what about the cluster bombs that we talked about before?
That's against the Geneva Convention itself.
You know, somebody, the historical figure, said, of course the people don't want war.
But after all, yeah, Hitler said that.
Now actually it was, I'm hearing.
Garing, you're right.
No, it was Joseph Gerber.
It was a lot of those things.
It was a very, I mean, I mean, it's scary how you understand the stuff.
It keeps track of every one.
Yeah.
I think it's really ridiculous that in today's age we have to make comparison with Nazi Germany.
In the country, which is...
I see a lot of comparisons, man.
I see the stifling of the freedom of speech is one of the most chilling and dangerous things
I've ever seen.
You know, you know that?
They still look like a piker.
Yellowtimes.org got shot down.
By the way, there's a great website called votetoempiche.org on which you can go and sign up to
bring a good, good luck to us.
So, you know, I read parts of that book of the Forbidden Truth.
Everything it says on it is extremely truth and scary.
And also, Nomschomski is being saying these things for years.
That's right.
People have been like, out there, like some kind of crazy dude that, you know, it's like,
you don't know what he's talking about.
And the second thing is that people are just drinking absolutely every single thing that
has been discharged to them.
Yeah, like this propaganda that's being put out in the name of news.
There is no news being put out in any networks anymore in the American networks.
All that is propaganda.
Oh, look at this here.
The smiling faces.
They're applauding us.
They're cheering us.
They're giving us the peace sign.
And the kid with the Frisbee, what kind of crap is that?
Okay, they're selectively picking and choosing to project those images that'll justify all
of us in the minds of the stupid, the gullible American public.
And also, you know, they keep saying we're winning.
We're winning.
We're winning this war.
What are we winning?
Right.
That's first of all, that's what I'm not getting.
But also, you know, it's ever been a case where we went in somewhere where we knew
these people could kick our asses.
Never, never accept what that was.
You know, World War II, which is.
Except for Vietnam where we'd, uh, I'm going to say it.
We're asking for the rest of it.
We can go in there and just push them over.
Yeah, but there was like about four million people that died in there.
You know, I mean, you know, it's like people are like, look at the president talking and
they're in awe.
I mean, I'm in awe.
I'm in shock and awe.
Every time I see his purse, I'm in shock and awe.
I've discussed it.
I don't even want to listen to him because, you know, honestly, it sends chills down
my spine.
Like to know that companies like Hollywood Burton, you know, are being contracted to, you
know, to refer to the oil wells and the rest of the structure.
OIL and MOA, I told you that over a year ago, that's what all of this is about.
OIL, MOA, P-O-W-E-R, crazy people.
Good luck to us, sir.
All right, ma'am.
Thanks.
Here's a fact from South Boats, Stephanie and John Boat, George.
25-year-listener, you are the voice of reason is what it says on his facts.
Well, who the hell am I to argue so?
Yes, I am.
Since we've declined into the super nationalism of French bashing, let's really teach those
frogs a lesson and return the Statue of Liberty.
It's obviously absolutely under our current regime.
That's right.
We don't have no more liberty, so let's ship it back.
Here you go.
Stick it next to the Archie Tramp.
Put it right by your Eiffel Tower.
You frogs.
We could have another Statue that also has its arm up in the air, but a little different.
Oh, goose stepping?
Yeah.
You don't mean it's that 45-year-old angle, do you?
See, there he goes again, ma'am.
I'm awfully sorry.
We apologize for George.
You might mention my name's Rice Master Gary.
567-0560, pound 560.
If I'm going to have a new theme song on a show, that's it.
No George talking.
No meat talking.
Just this.
All the moves all the time.
Maybe.
Two steps.
Two steps.
Get those hippos down.
Two steps.
Yes.
If you're in the air to watch the premises, you know that the forces pulling the strings
in the government are closing down on all those great websites we've become a ghosted
too.
Well, we still have the US Postal Service to rely on.
So now is the time to join the Nazi of the Month Club.
For just $8.99 a month, you get the complete history of one prominent Nazi past or present,
the particular group he hates and any subversive activity they may be planning.
So no matter what the racial religion or ethnic group you hate, Nazi of the Month is right
up your alley.
Just call 1-800-10-Head to order.
Order today and get your very own synthetic enough mustache to impress your friends.
Absolutely free.
That's 1-800-10-Head.
Order today.
Okay.
You understand the Gestapo keeps track of every one.
This guy came on spontaneous and I didn't even crank that up.
All rape scarletists coming up after the break.
I apologize.
That was about an hour ago.
I was supposed to play that.
But that's okay because scarletists is always ready.
He's got an open mind.
Ten past noon at 5.60 WDQAM.
Oh, look at this.
Here's another facts before I get to our spot.
Think about how powerful the GOP is.
The master of all mind manipulators, Phil Hungary has been head by them.
With all his brilliance he's been led down the path by our president.
Are you sure?
Positive.
That's what everybody says.
A lot of facts is from people pretty disappointed, pretty pissed off with your routine.
You said, ask Phony.
God, is that pathetic, huh?
Yeah, but wait a second.
If you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories you've
got to go to a great place.
They're the headquarters for everything you need in barbecue's galore.
Don't forget, get a head start on the barbecue season with the perfect grill and accessories,
all at the Guaranteed lowest prices.
Barbecue's galore carries barbecues in every price range, whether it's the top of line
commercial grade stainless steel grill or the more portable Weber charcoal grill like
that beauty that I got them and cooking on for about a hundred years.
For all your barbecue needs at the Guaranteed lowest prices, don't forget shop barbecues
galore at their implantation on university driving to fountain shopping center called 9-5-4-4-2-3-1400.
And also on crawl springs at 7485 West Sample Road at the corner of Sample and Rock Island
roads, called 9-5-4-75-7-6668.
75-7-6668, barbecues galore because they do be the barbecues specialists.
Friday you bastard.
I'm sorry, wrong cut.
That was close enough.
Sorry.
I'm going to be in the back.
I'm going to be in the back.
Hey, what are you?
My name is Carlos.
I'm going to watch these H parts off my head.
Okay, I promise I will.
What are you doing in it anyway?
I am washing my balls.
Forget out of there now.
Okay, I promise I will.
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait.
I kind of like the way your balls are floating there.
Or let the hardware in your face carry the bit sexy.
Glasses?
I like that foam in your nose.
Here, he's from town.
No, no, you are a very bad man.
Not my type.
Give me a dime.
Okay.
Say, I didn't give you a hand washing your balls.
Leave me alone.
I will not be your bitch.
Come out.
How trust me.
You get used to it.
Please, I have no balls.
Not all the time.
Not the single luxury.
I'll give you another.
Okay.
Oh, no more.
Yeah, ow.
What do you got down there?
Some kind of me grand, isn't it?
I promise I will.
I can't get out.
I get it my whole, too.
Don't waste it.
1214 at 560 WDQM.
My today at Moe's shirt gets a lot of action for an old coup d'unny.
Newt Berger, here's another one of our bedtime stories that I got to read on here today from the Seattle Weekly.
The war conservative crybaby is nothing worse than a sore winner, he writes.
It's a good one.
Newt Berger.
One of his can do a Newt Rock near Bob Berger.
Or ham.
He says, I've never heard or read the work of right-wing radio talk show host Michael Savage.
But the subtitle of his bestselling book Savage Nation tells me he must be some kind of simple and silly wimp.
It reads, saving America from the liberal assault on our borders, language and culture.
Excuse me?
Liberalism isn't assaulting anyone these days, it's barely alive.
It's a bubble boy on life support in the Com Award.
Liberalism a threat to whom, Bambi?
It's beyond me why conservatives just don't declare victory.
Why are they so aggrieved?
Because they were driving their SUV in some hippie called them names, boo-hoo.
The mainstream right has won, but that I mean the ravenous talk radio-cropored kiss-ass right.
It tells you everything you need to know about them that they're not happy with mere victory, they require an extermination.
What is the evidence that they've won?
Well, like Christopher Ren's monument, it's all around you.
Let's see, they own the White House, they own both houses of Congress, they own the Supreme Court,
George W. Bush in the words of the eminently reasonable Michael Kinzley, is the closest thing in a long time to dictate over the world.
We're fighting a preemptive war in Iraq designed to establish dominance in the Middle East, a war in which our tanks have not only flattened fleeing Iraqis,
but also the United Nations, NATO and the European Union, all bug bears of the right.
Our official war-making slogan could be taken from the old CIA-run Air America model, anything, any time, anywhere.
The war in Bush's other economic policies are designed to bankrupt the Treasury in order to force spending cuts everywhere but in national defense and national offense.
The liberal programs that once defined America like Social Security are doomed.
He's turned a demographic bump into a black hole.
He's attempting to complete the job Ronald Reagan began by reviving trickle-down syndrome, your government benefits, they'll be lighting some fat cat cigar if they are fueling the war machine.
Bush has even figured out a way to trickle-down deficits.
The new federalism involves moving programs downstream to states that can't pay their own bills, thanks in part to the Bush run economy.
He's redefined states' rights to mean that every state has the right to cut whatever programs it wants.
And while Bush's diminishing government's overall size and scope and here I define government as that person of the bureaucracy that actually benefits the citizenry, he's consolidating power in his own hands or the hands of his handlers.
Their real and relative power is growing as everything else shrinks.
Not since Richard Nixon as the president saw so much authority, as the president has been so secretive, as the president has been so determined to run the country without bowing to Congress, as the president has been so brazen about waging undeclared war.
But Nixon, that big commie, didn't go far enough. His imperial fantasies were largely limited to the idiotic busvy Berkeley costumes of his palace guard. Bush, on the other hand, has published his imperial plan and signed it in blood.
So not only have so-called conservatives taken the country and consolidated their power, they are also wiling, or at least shall we be generous, snowing the public.
This won't be good news to your typical Seattle peacenick, but here's a disturbing message. Poles don't lie.
Yes, I wish we could ignore them too, but the messenger will not perfect us close enough when it comes to measuring attitude, trans, what did the polls say?
They say 70% of the American public supports the war, and that support has been growing.
They say 70% of the public approved the way Bush is doing his job, and more broadly they say that more than half, 53% of the country thinks America is on the right track.
Red, white, and blue marketing is in. Protests coverage is a turn-off. Sure, maybe it's partly due to a wartime rallying effort, but that's the point.
Bush has pushed us into a perpetual war because that's what fuels the rights sense of righteousness, and fear is the glue that holds the whole plan together.
It also suits the rights siege mentality, no matter that they've got it and fenced the new deal, the new frontier and the great society, somehow it's American conservatives who feel marginalized under attack and oppressed.
But what do they have to fear really? Michael Moore and his Oscar night tantrums, Ralph Nader, Tom D'Aschel, Susan Sarandon, soccer moms with Darwin Fish, horrible traders all?
What will make the right wing happy? A statue of Jefferson Davis in downtown Seattle, Charlton Hesford on the three-dollar bill? Doubtful.
Like an elephant scared of a mouse, the right is a pitiful giant. It's still deeply insecure despite a half-century of successful political conquest, but in that insecurity they find strength and resolve, there are enemies to fight and liberals to demonize.
If you think you're safe in this island of liberalism in Seattle, don't get too smug because their very existence assaults their crybaby sensibilities.
Eventually they'll get around to dealing with all the pockets of resistance even if the war is already won.
Newt Berger in the Seattle weekly.
Pretty good column. Right on target, Newt. You go, babe.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Barry Manlow and George having a real battle there, hand to nose and nose to whatever.
Barry Manlow 70, George Rodriguez 58, which celebrity you do enjoy would never admit it.
M&M 47, Neal Rogers 37, George Michael 29, Backstreet Boys and Mohawar David type 27, see a lot of similarities there.
A little bigger better here. Boy George 25, Michael Jackson 24, Abba 23, N-Stink 15, Barbara Streisand 11, everybody else single digits, small potatoes.
You in the Barry Manlow. I see a lot of the word is there. I'll be the opening act of course.
I'm always thinking that he ought to show up too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Coral Springs, hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
All right, yeah. I don't know if y'all ever forgot 9-11. I lost my dad over there in 9-11.
No, we didn't forget 9-11, sir. All you people who think the war is not necessary. Listen to how it's turned.
No, no, thanks. No, thanks. And I'm interested in listening to Howard Stern.
I don't need any cues from some Jack Acid puts, who especially for the last 20 years have been talking about lesbians in big breasts.
And I don't get my intellectual feed from Howard.
And let me say it again, sir, with all due respect. We're sorry about your loss, but Iraq had nothing to do with 9-11.
In addition to which here we are now, in the third week of the war, all of these tremendous gains they've made,
right at that era, although I thought they had the Baghdad Airport all secure last night.
They were telling us and all of a sudden the battle still going on. Well, whatever you want to believe.
But we're damn close. You know, the Baghdad Airport's only 12 miles out of town out of downtown in Baghdad. Yeah.
It's just good as a dozen. And here we are. And if we really found, and forget about what we found,
because now they're starting to say, well, we found this. But if they had this gigantic cache of weapons of mass destruction,
where are they? What haven't they used any? They're waiting for us to cross the Red Line.
Why haven't they used any? Quite frankly, that they you're talking about have been eviscerated basically.
There's practically is no Republican guard. They're practically because we bombed them off the face of the earth.
Now, wouldn't you think if they were cornered and backed into a situation like that at a very last year?
Because that's what they get to honest. We back him into a corner. He's going to use all of them chemical weapons.
So let's do it. Where are they? Any minute there? And this this this you know, it's so demeaning.
If you really did lose somebody in 9-11, it's so demeaning to the memory of whoever that was to be this stupid.
This knee jerk reaction. Well, you know, they they got a bunch of ours. Who's the day? Who's the day? Muslims.
Oh, schmott the heads. Like James Wolsey says. Yeah.
We're going to democratize those Muslims whether they like it or not. And then of course we're going to Christianize them at the same time.
You do understand that. That's part of the game plan. Remember the story from the other day?
They're just going to go and send them food and the southern baptists have already got their plans to go over and to convert those save those heathen bastards.
So we're going to give them what they don't want. They don't want any part of it. Yes, they'd like to have freedom. They'd like to have freedom to choose their own government.
They don't want our brand of democracy. They don't want us telling them how to live or what to believe or certainly not what to think.
And that concludes the Syrians and the Saudis and the Iranians and everybody else in the goddamn face of the earth.
See, this is probably the problem of this arrogant country that this has become under the bushmeister and his his crew of fascists.
Yeah, we're going to tell everybody, including all you old Europeans to Western Europe. That's that's all that's all Europe.
Same thing, exactly the same thing. What do they know? They don't know crap. They've only been around for like 10 times as long as we have.
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello.
Neil, yes, sir.
Listen, let me start off by saying as an independent voter, I've been thinking about getting you an Academy Award for speaking your mind and going with your convictions on this thing.
No matter what side of the left hand fence you're on. There's a lot of politics, a greater disagree that's being used along with this war.
And it's interesting for me to observe that everybody who's calling in can't even have a conversation about this because they fixed one way or the other on the thing.
And myself, I'm going to take away and see approach. I think this is a good segue with that article you just wrote in that maybe there isn't any mass destruction bombs over there.
Maybe this is political.
Sir, let me ask you this question. Does Russia have weapons of mass destruction?
I'm sure they do somewhere, but I don't know what they are.
Does France have weapons of mass destruction?
They may have.
Does North Korea have weapons of mass destruction? Sir, if that's going to be the rationalization for us launching all of these so-called preemptive wars, we're going to it is going to be World War 4.
We're going to be at war with every other country on the face of the earth. I don't think there's anybody with any degree of sense who's interested in that.
That's what I'm talking about. There's people that are coming on these spin shows.
Joe Lieberman, he comes on the show, he says, well, we've got to get behind the president and the war.
And then his next breath, he says, but later we'll find 20 to hang on. Joe is pushed. But for now, let's go forward.
He's strictly an asshole, man. He's strictly an asshole. He said, that's right. I'm just telling you right now. So he's an asshole. He's an idiot. He's a simpleton.
You try to sort out the reality. This isn't the Stern show. This isn't the Smith show. This is your show.
That's right. You say what you believe. You don't get manipulated.
Let me tell you what somebody calls me. It tells me I should get my political and international directions from Howard Stern.
I know I must be on the right track. Yeah, right. He could take lessons from you. Have a great day, pal.
Thank God for me. That's all I can say. And what's your name? Yeah.
I mean, when people like Howard Stern and Phil Henry have sold out, what is that leave for? And just like that article, I just read said by New Rock near whatever
hell is name. Just like that article said, they're not happy with having like 95% of the public opinion being controlled by the same automaton.
They want 100%. They want people like Neil Rogers off the air. Oh, and you know, he played those vete. Yeah, right. That's right.
Get him off the air. We don't want one single dissenting voice, but isn't it great that we're exporting our whole branded democracy?
It seems to me if we're exporting what's going on? What's going on in this country right now?
We're sporting fascism is what we're exporting. Not freedom. Not freedom of speech. Not freedom of dissent. Not freedom of expression.
The same tired stale crap that we saw in the first years of Vietnam. Everybody who has the balls to speak out against it. Let's demonize them.
Let's demonize Jerry Rubin. Let's demonize Daniel Ellsberg. Let's demonize everybody.
Who has the balls to tell a like it and then all of a sudden when it no longer became popular, it was no longer politically correct.
Then the very same media that were sucking Lyndon Johnson and Richard Nixon's ass. Oh, yes, what? This is an unjust war.
We're bringing thousands and thousands of people home in body bags in there butchering people over there in Vietnam.
Innocent men, women and little children. And we don't even know which people are butchering. We don't know the good guys from the bag of South Vermittier.
What a sad, you know, that whole line about if you don't learn by history, you're doing to repeat it. That's exactly what's going on here. Exactly.
And let me, let me reserve my most cosmic comments for you assholes in the media. You propagand this man.
Joseph Gerbos will be proud of you. What you're doing. And there's Brian Williams on MSNBC yesterday, yesterday afternoon.
Lamenting the fact that a lot of the Iraqi people are showing this footage in the background, you know.
Of the people were like a little bit, you know, standoffers didn't know whether this scream read a banana. Good guys are bad guys. And he said, well, it's a little bit difficult for them to understand that this is a war of liberation, not occupation.
That's not news reporting. That's editorializing. I don't need Brian Williams to tell me what the hell is, what's all about.
Anywhere they need to answer the radio stand on there for like two and a half minutes on channel four, which I did not watch last night and we'll never watch their news again.
Good. Giving me a speech, a heart and flowers speak. They should have had a little Brian Racross there playing the violin or playing a harp.
Perfect on it. Yeah. Give me a song and a dance about Jessica and about what a great role model she is for all of us and how, you know, just do the guy dead news read off the cue cards.
Okay, Angela and sit there yuckin' it up. You silly goose. And by the way, nice job in New York, honey.
Brian and local, we're sports radio five sixty-seeing. You a.m.
Get on. This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dumb at people killed with the gas that we sold him.
First time aggressor nation and the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going forget about Korea.
The notes there to Samantha right wing is really it over and over into our head.
Daddy Rack has some weapons of past destruction.
Three thousand people killed are now forgotten let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be caught in going after sent down to play Kato summer.
There's no longer mention of the name in law this but no one seems concerned all.
Come be in complacence believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through the day.
I'm manipulation and the right wing is really it over and over and over into our heads.
Daddy Rack has some weapons of past destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying we're all suspects now not the ass profit saying I have nothing to hide.
Tables, ockers, all are saying line of media and cattle don't have any reservation.
Bout a provoked battle and world annihilation.
Holders should must halt in allergerton and stoke which no objection at all till the crap don't have the bomb and the right wing is really it over and over into our brain wash mitts.
I rack has some weapons of past destruction only I rack has some weapons of past destruction.
I'm watching airy fly sure to geek are they're doing his annual a BS conference in the back on the side of show and MSNBC the pictures of Sodom Hussein allegedly touring the streets of Baghdad and high five in and low five in and do all and this guy looks about as much like Sodom Hussein is he looks more like gradual marks.
Well we don't know exactly who's going to have what role.
Yeah that's right maybe Grouch will be playing airy fly sure in his next flick duck soup.
Anyway here's a fact from Ray and Hyale who's trying to make himself feel better absolve himself of any blame it says great show is one of those people who voted for mouth native.
I voted for native because I wanted to send a message to the Democratic Party there are consequences for their drift to the right it was a protest vote I hope would be large enough to force the Democrats to incorporate more green party issues in future election platforms.
Had I known about 9-11 in the cynical way the Bush administration would exploited I would have swallowed my disgust with the Democrats and voted for Gore but hindsight is 2020 blaming everyone who voted for native absolves the Democrats of any responsibility for their lame opposition of the Republicans not to mention washes the hands of the Supreme Court in our fair and balanced media.
What I change my vote now if I could of course our native supporters responsible for the course the Bushes have steered us in of course not it may be too late to change the 2000 election but if there is an election in 2004 I'll vote for the Democratic even if he's a monkey and a rubber suit can't be worse than what we have now says rean hyaline.
Well you know if you want to absolve yourselves of the blame go right ahead if it makes you feel better Ray but the fact of the matter is that the native people threw away their vote that wasn't the time or the place for a protest vote.
That was the time to like make a choice between the buffer the weak need Democrats the weak sister Al Gore the cigar star Indian that he is and his simple running mate or the right wing fanatics which we knew he was owned by which big business interest we knew he was owned by the fanatical Christian right.
So the native people cannot absolve themselves all they can do is pledge themselves they'll never do that kind of crap again.
You might as well have taken your vote and voted for Pat Buchanan like those old Jews in Palm Beach County that would have said at least they didn't vote for Bush.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line here's a call from Bokeh hello.
Yes sir.
Hey what's going on.
How you doing?
Hey do you really think that Bushes in charge I mean the guy is on charge.
Of course Bush Pearl Wilfowicz fight.
I just don't really think that the guy inflecturally is you know sitting in there.
He's a puppet but the problem is he's a very malleable puppet and they're getting him to do their bidding and he believes in it.
Well he just basically is the mouthpiece I mean more like he's a convert.
Yeah I mean most people don't realize he's just a mouthpiece he's not really anybody who's in charge.
But keep in mind keep in mind Reagan was just a figurehead for the far right.
He was the first figurehead ever was elected to be the spokesperson for the far right.
Yeah well the first mouthpiece really.
I mean it started way back when the first Bush was in office and you know that in those days it was basically some of them who say this is a crazy story.
It might be a crazy story but basically he went to Thatcher and to Bush and just basically said I want to take part of Kuwait back that was originally ours.
And a small piece of it they actually wanted him out of there so they told me I go ahead and take it.
You want to add.
That's correct a lot of people forget about that but they were giving him the wink in the nod.
The US ambassador to Iraq was giving him the wink in the nod as they're Kuwait rather and he just went ahead and did it.
Because he didn't take all of Kuwait he only took a small portion of it.
That's people don't realize like if you look at the map and see what he took he took a small portion of it when they didn't take a whole huge portion of it.
You know what I mean so people don't realize like really what was taken there and the other thing was that most Arabs that are from that part of the world that I've met and talked to over here basically have said that.
It's a crazy story so like it's part of fashion but you know stranger things have happened in the world of politics and in the world for that matter.
Well a little bit late now man.
And by who are you doing actually?
Yeah who am I dating?
Pussy galore.
Whole show so but I see here's a guy goes through that whole thing that whole routine and this is his new line out his new tagline.
So why don't you get a life okay why don't you get with it get real.
Whole show supports 70% plus but 63% things saw him as tied to 9.11 that's the new poll I guess this fact says.
I always knew about 80% of the people out there heads up their ass and think the government does no wrong ever since the Indians the government never stopped to look back.
The Bush family nothing but Drunks and Crackheads it says here how do you like that that's really putting it over the top.
Drunks and Crackheads.
Here's one it says how many years will it take for the citizens of this nation to a tone for what this cowboy has done to us in the rest of the world.
About third man.
At the very least.
No way I'll reply sure there's some very very perspicacious observations again no way of knowing if that's the dumb on the tape or not.
So in other words comsi comsa men's a men's a it could be it could not be maybe it is maybe they.
Like I said I already looks more like a son of a send them that guy that they showed a little while ago marching around the parade and like he's going to be out there parading in downtown bag that.
Oh my god as once again the media deals with us like we're a bunch of little kids in sandboxes which most of you are but nevertheless.
Feeling like a bunch of little children like Simpletons.
But here's the pictures in their waving back in their saluting.
Oh every other thing yesterday with Bob Arnold I thought I was going to have another stroke right on here when I had the audio on with Bob Arnold and I miss NBC.
And he's looking up to the first he starts out with it with a gun battle and he hear the gunshots and they see the tanks and then he goes on and he starts to digressing and talking about looking as far as the eye can see and the people are welcome them with open arms and they're all excited and they're high five.
And in the meantime you're all of that.
Oh that's right I forgot it didn't separate the evil doers from the good guy I forgot sorry more to that again.
Twenty to one the mad dog Jim Mandature one o'clock and then a three o'clock Eddie K from Gulfstream.
Punching his guts out the Humper let's see the Humper going to be back next week.
You know we need to get his fat ass back in his building again he's he's out here more than I am.
Let's see well at least we got a ballgame.
Oh look at that.
All right.
I just saw some of the best news I've seen in the long time pregame Marlon show 1230 on Monday.
I might actually show up that day.
Oh that's right George don't care you won't be here but Carlos is happy about it.
And then Hank is on after the ballgame from Shulas they too.
Then two they Hank at the Miami Heat.
I think had to a lot of coming to building you don't want to catch any of Moe's cooties.
Sorry that's what he told me you know when I cooties from that piece.
Twenty to one at five sixty WQ I am here more great deals for you from our good friends Tom Laman and Joe Prieta with Helen Pontiac GMC.
I want you to listen very carefully because these deals are unbeatable.
Neal deal number one gets yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every Pontiac or GMC in stock every single one.
Neal deal number two gets yourself up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC in Pontiac in stock.
That's correct.
Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car or truck in stock at Halent Right this moment as I speak.
Neal deal number three if you're currently a GM smart lease or smart buy customer and you drive a Chevy Blazer and old Bravada or GMC Jimmy.
Buy or lease a new Pontiac or GMC and get you an extra $1,000 off the price.
Stop buy Halent and test drive the all new and powerful Pontiac Grand Prix.
Halent Pontiac GMC they're unbeatable way they treat you to give you fantastic deals and no high pressure no BS.
They're in 134 or one stop Dixie Highway that's US 1 across in the falls open every single day seven days a week.
If you want more information on the special deals right now call the Neal deal hotline and Halent,
toll free 1,885344211.
That's 1,885344211. Don't forget all Neal deals. Subtted to credit approval CD for details.
Halent Pontiac GMC can there be any question they are professional grade.
My high and local this is 4,8560 way to way.
They have a heart or a liver?
Hello Michael Eichner's office.
Yes sir.
What the hell? Go ahead finish it. What the hell?
Are you doing to me?
Are you doing to me? That's right.
What did I do now sir?
Piglet's big movie.
Yeah I like Piglet's big piece of pink pulp.
What an amazing success. We're so proud of the animation in that.
Something finished seven Pfizer. Seven! You know how much money we spent on that runny little stuttering pig?
Like $80,90 million.
$93 million on piglet and it opened seven.
It's gonna take me nine months to make my freaking money back.
But sir the animation is terrible. I don't know what you're talking about.
Hold on a minute.
Oh yes sir.
I got remits outside my...
I know Pfizer.
Remits!
Yes, yes you are.
Remits coming in!
Yes, yes you are.
Stop juggling, Remits!
What the hell are you doing?
But in a drainage system, Bob?
A drainage system?
You know a system of all the things with natural drains and ditches.
You know used a drain of strip dust water.
I know what a drain of strip dust water is.
I don't need a drain of strip dust in my office for heaven's sake.
I don't even have a water, Bob.
Yes sir.
I'll put it away. I forgot that.
How did the Oscars go?
Oh, funny you should ask guys.
That's my next topic.
Was it an amazing time?
What the hell? Go ahead finish it.
Are you doing this?
Are you doing this?
I'm putting me on stage with Jennifer Garner from Alias.
Well, we figured she's on ABC.
I know what. I figure I do it just for the hell that it'd be fun.
I figure I get a little action afterwards.
You know what she says to me?
I'm married.
I can't do that. You're my boss.
I don't want to go down, Matthew.
I'm not a minute. There's an explosion in my office.
All right.
We've got...
Yeah, Bob. We've got this.
It's like I'm wrecked.
What the hell are you doing to me?
That black food wall, Bob?
We've been stoppasting through my walls.
I'm trying to have a phone conversation with my pub's president.
Get away from me, we meet again.
Think like...
Come on, we'll win.
Hi, sir.
Yes, sir.
What the hell?
Are you doing it to me?
Are you doing it to me?
But, sir, how did it go with Jennifer?
It didn't, I said.
I got nothing.
Nothing.
Nothing.
You wouldn't even give me a hand.
Well, so you are a married man.
I know what.
You sound like Minnie.
I went home.
She said, oh, I saw you on stage with Jennifer.
Go on up. You'll have her so much water to my earlier.
I said, I don't want to marry her, Minnie.
I just want to suck her.
Bring it back. Come on.
What are you doing?
Got my crew, Bob.
Get your crew out of here.
I hear.
Get it, yes.
Off the house.
Are you doing it?
Are you doing it to me?
Prove 45, 560, WQM 50 minutes away from the mad dog.
The angry puppy, the hostile hound.
We asked on our pool on todayneilrangers.com,
which ought to be reading all of those bedtime stories very carefully and very closely.
Anybody out there with an IQ larger than their thumbnail?
Which celebrity, music TV radio movies, do you enjoy most, but would never admit it?
Which of these celebrities are you a closet fan of, but you don't want a by no one?
Very man-a-lo 80, Jorge Rodriguez 61.
He's pulling away.
David.
M&M 52, Neil Roroyez 40, George Michael 31,
Backstreet Boys 29, Mojauer Davided 29,
Boy George 26, Michael Jackson 25, Avett 24,
everybody else under 20.
How do you like that?
Good thing Morris Gibbane here to see the very weak closet audience out there.
They got a few, they got 12 votes.
Week 567, 0560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
John Bond.
Here's a call from Wellington.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, Mr. Dale.
I was waiting a while and I wasn't served with the mirror.
Sorry.
All right.
Couple of things.
Anybody would put you up against Howard Stern as it hasn't gotten past puberty yet.
Number one.
Number two.
I'm so sick of hearing every time a mosquito farts.
It's breaking news and I'm over it.
It's breaking wind.
It's breaking wind.
It drives me crazy.
And finally, you know, a guy touched on it before but he didn't really elaborate.
If there was somebody else in both four besides either party because I'm sick of both.
Right.
They both have just...
They both stink.
And the reason that we're in this mess right now is because the Democrats don't have the...
They're a bunch of cowards.
They don't have the political courage to stand up against this crap because they're afraid that they're going to be painted into a corner's being unpatriotic.
And therefore they all cower and they all just...
They're all bunch of lackeys is what they are.
You know, if there's going to be an independent, this time this next election would be the time to do it because I for one...
Well, what election?
Well, the one comes...
Yeah, well, don't be too sure there's going to be no next election.
I hear what it's going to be.
It's four more years for W.
And then eight years for Jev and then eight years for George P.
Not for me.
And one final thing.
And one final thing.
Does George disagree with you on anything, firmly?
I like it.
And I'm just cheering.
Do you guys just...
I've just got through with this yesterday with the same question.
Are you like...
No, I missed it yesterday.
Well, he still disagrees on the same things as yesterday.
Have a great thing.
Well, what does that mean?
What different?
Yeah, of course he disagrees on plenty of things.
I mean, he's anti-Semitic.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
You don't like the backstreet boys.
What can I tell you?
Because, you know, don't like the factory.
You don't like the mode David Howard did.
But that's because he's trying to get his ass fired.
Here's Bill Glade.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
A couple of things I need to ask you.
The military was saying that everybody over in Iraq carries the AK-47.
So they can't tell the good guys from the bad guys.
Yeah.
Now, when their military is supposedly going up again,
is it like a bad scene from the team
where they're shooting it up to the public moment
and we constantly hit the target?
Yeah, they're shooting with pea shooters
and we're shooting with like, you know, a thousand pound bombs.
I would also hear about this terrorist act.
They blow up four or five of our guys at the other.
But they're 300 denirackeys, 500 denirackeys,
or thousands of denirackeys.
Right.
Those are not terrorist acts.
There's our glorious freedom of fighting acts.
Now another question.
After this is over and we throw him out of office
and they find out that this was a big game and a political thing.
Wait a minute.
What do you mean they find out?
Who's going to find out?
We already know that.
The public isn't listening.
The American public isn't inquisitive.
All they're doing is watching these,
just like now, MSNBC continues showing this footage
of this make-believe Sodom out there in downtown Baghdad
and they're all waving their arms, all the Iraqi people.
This is no more.
This guy is no more Sodom than you are, man.
Right.
I know.
A lot of the truth is found out.
After we kill thousands of denirackeys.
Right.
And the truth comes out of the wall.
After we move into Syria and Iran.
And people finally get their act together in this country
and get the Republicans out of the wall.
That's not going to happen.
What makes you say, what evidence do you see
that that's going to happen?
Okay.
I'm just saying, is there a way we get,
like they do with all the Yugoslavia and everything else?
Can we hand him over to the Hague?
Is there any way possible?
Hands Sodom over?
No.
Push.
Oh, well. Good luck to you.
He's slippery.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
But maybe together, maybe like they have a package deal.
Ramon Maki used to say we got package deals.
I agree.
I agree.
I think he's trying to do everything he can.
And this may be a very good tactic for him.
Very easy to put one of his body doubles out in public
to try and whip up some anti-American sentiment.
Which he's doing.
Bagged edge right to get his fighting forces ready
for this battle of bagged edge.
What a crowd.
I had to be at least what?
2,300 people there.
Oh, man.
I'll tell you the truth.
Propaganda machine rolls on.
He's an evil doer as if we didn't already know that.
If we're going to be in a business of eliminating every evil
doer on the face of the earth, especially the ones that we put
in their first place like him, we got a big tour ahead of us.
You know?
It's worth it.
OK. I forgot.
12.51 at 5.60 WQM.
It's worth it to make an easy phone call to get you a good night's sleep, isn't it?
I think so.
I've been doing it for a long time, calling dial amatris.
When the old amatris finally gives out no matter how great it used to be.
Even the best amatris is finally wears out.
So what do you do?
You make one simple call to dial amatris.
1-800-MATTRES and guarantee yourself a great night's sleep for months and years to come.
And when it comes to amatris, they got the best brands, they got the best delivery service,
they got the best prices, and they got the easiest way to get it to you,
because there's nothing you have to do except make that one easy call.
They got Celi and Certa Simmons, King Corl every size and style, ready for just about immediate delivery,
which they do in any two-hour window that you pick out when it's convenient for you
when you're going to be home instead of wasting an entire day of your life sitting and waiting.
Dial amatris has more repeat and referral customers than anybody else,
because they know how to give you the unbeatable service and treat you right.
Once you buy amatris, the first time from dial amatris, you'll never go back to wasting your gas and time and money in a showroom again.
And don't forget when you do buy amatris and dial amatris, they take away to crappy old smelly soil bedding
and set up your beautiful brand new one for free.
That's right, it sounds too good to be true, but it is true.
Dial amatris takes away to crappy old bedding and sets up completely your brand new one for free.
So make the call now and guarantee yourself a long time of having a great night's sleep, 1-800-Matris,
1-800-MATTRES for dial amatris, and be sure to tell me that O'Neill and Fatboy told you to call.
My life and look all, this is 4-20-5-60, away and away.
Do do do do do
Oh
Oh
We meet again if we don't wind up down from the bush cartel that left us all this way.
Oi
We fall then do
Blinds are cold
It was our doom
That the bombs drop from the stars from far away
Maybe we should have paid attention
A little bit more to the facts we chose to ignore
The price of characteristic long but I'm afraid that the line won't be very long.
We meet again with a hold that by the
Civil rights will be restored one sunny day.
Oh right
We meet again if we don't wind up down from the bush cartel that left us all this way.
We meet again with a hold that by the
Civil rights will be restored one sunny day.
55-5-60, look at that, they're showing us footage on and on and on and on.
It's important by these teams to surgically take out.
Oh my god, even when we know it's not him and they just got through the scene he puts a double out there which it obviously is.
Anybody with IQ larger than the thumbnail knows that.
But they can't get enough of this so crap.
Which I don't even know what they're showing it because it's not good.
Right.
Not good for business.
Because there will be some people out there saying, oh yeah he's alive.
You see we saw him on MSNBC today.
Warren and Boko who's a pretty good factor and he's right up right on with this short
Faxances for me the tone of this administration and the war was set back during the 2000 election by that
Jackass pounding on the door of the eight county election committee yelling let us in.
Let us in.
Remember that.
Let us in.
Remember it's like it was yesterday.
I can picture him leading our troops pounding at the gates of Baghdad.
If you don't agree with them on any issue they will pound and yell and force their will on you.
And Warren and Boko you are.
Absolutely correct.
You got your thumb right on it baby.
But fight the good fight don't give up don't give it to these bastards.
That's my best advice to you.
Friend of mine asked me yesterday says you know they think this war thing is going to like hurt your ratings and I said who gives a crap.
I don't care.
It might and maybe you won't I don't care.
I don't I don't pre plan what I say on the right.
I tell you the word where I'm coming from.
I know that's a shocking thought as opposed to as opposed to some people on the year.
I don't want to mention any names who evidently are tailoring and customizing their own mental process and their expressions of thought based on what's
expedient and what the polls are showing.
Yeah they stuck their finger out the window to see which way to win was blowing.
Are you sure it sounds like it to me.
I don't want to mention no names about that when somebody calls me up to give me a song to dance about how I should listen to Howard's
Stern to get my direction on my political thought process.
I know that I must be doing something right.
Stick to the breast and the lesbians okay Howard stick to something that you can relate to that you understand.
Not world affairs.
A great example of an ego run a mock out of control.
Good golly miss Molly.
How's that pool coming I'm glad you I will get to it.
Here's a call from Orlando hello.
What the hell are you doing to me.
Here's Miami hello.
Miami.
Yeah.
Yeah.
One thing that that pedals me is what all the reporters that are in Baghdad from day one before the war started and after the war started.
I do American reporters aren't too many left now.
No but I mean that does seem odd to you that the dictator.
I guess you're the dictator and his bad guy blah blah blah blah.
But point is why would he allow these reporters to stay there especially on rooftops with cell phones etc and telecommunications and you name it.
Well for the same reason so that he could you just like you want to do with Peter Rennett use him to spread his propaganda even though I think Peter Rennett got screwed badly but nevertheless.
You know he he wants to that's why they're showing these films number of these tapes right now of him allegedly alive and meeting and greeting the end downtown Baghdad with all his supporters to whip up the troops that's why.
Let's see too long for you to read on the year but you might want to read it when you get home love your Lydia.
Thank you Lydia and Miami long time listen to frequent the car.
Well that's good.
Oh my god this goes on you're right too long to read on here but thanks I'll take a peek at it and the history too.
Thank you.
How's that pull coming we ask on the O'Rodges dot com today with celebrity music TV radio movies you enjoy but would never admit it.
You'd never want anybody to know you like these people that you listen to them you want their music you listen to the radio show or whatever might be very man low 81.
George Rodriguez 62 right and I never expected to put up such a good battle I'm going to go ahead and keep in mind this is not a negative pull this is a positive.
They enjoy your work they just don't want to let anybody know about it.
That's called mostly the eating ass part.
I'm sure that I mentioned right later they voted on this.
Oh he gets his where his mustache used to be it starts getting like all goosey when he hears you talk about him eating ass.
Very man low 81 George Rodriguez 62 M&M 53.
Neil Rahrier is 44 Royers George Michael 32 Mohawar David and 30 that street boys 29 ABBA 27 play a little ABBA come on to late.
Oh I got Yani in there.
Oh I'll play a little Yani that's enough.
Boy George 26 Michael Jackson 25 and stink 16 the BG's 12 Barbara Streisand 12 we like the BG's Ricky Martin 10 we don't like him.
John Chicago 7 we don't like him either Richard gear 7 Leo to Camprio 4 we can't stand him you make me nauseous John for Volta 3 kiss 2 B52's 2 Yani's got 2 and John
Test don't have any mad dog used to have a big pair and he's coming up next bye bye bye
Kill some people
