Troy thank you.
All right.
Thanks a lot pal.
Gotta get that on there right?
How could we have forgot we don't have a million?
We don't have one very king isn't.
Long is $50.
Right.
Long is $50.
King got it.
I don't think we need any other one.
That's the word mark.
Long is $50.
I mean we could put there are many.
I know how to do talk show all those.
I know how to do a talk show.
I know how to do a talk show.
Oh that one.
Me so horny.
Cool.
Where are you some kind of sex machine here?
I've been doing this a long time.
I had a flurry king and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
What was your first break?
I went to work in knocked on doors and got a job at a small radio station in Miami Beach
Florida.
I did everything.
I was an idea.
I'm an idea.
I'm an idea.
I'm an idea.
I did the board.
I did jock.
I did sports.
I did news.
I did everything.
Cleaned up.
Cleaned up.
I did everything.
One of my favorites.
Neil Rogers got.
No not that one.
I don't have a bone spot.
Yeah.
And we could play the whole ball spot.
Call button out right this moment.
So there you go.
Let's just put the low me $50.
How could we have forgotten Larry?
Larry.
Uh huh.
He's still there.
Deputy QA and hello.
Yes.
I'd like to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Hey Neil.
I just wanted to how about um.
Yo yo yo the treatment.
Oh I love it.
Excellent choice.
Um how um can I ask you a question?
Yeah.
Um.
Oh I'm sorry.
I don't know.
Never.
But nevertheless.
Um is there any way we can get a cause my dad my brothers and has a credit card to buy
your moped.
Is there any store that you can get him?
Oh no.
No.
He can however go to appearances.
We usually keep some with us.
That's right.
You can go to one of your just appearances or I know.
And one of those deals and maybe treasure out how's your brother?
He's 18.
Oh he's perfect for treasure island and maybe he'll get lucky there too.
But anyway uh.
He can go to one of the appearances and pick one up there.
Alright thank you.
Thanks.
Thanks.
How could we have forgotten?
Yo yo yo yo let's rate hold.
Yeah.
Let's get that on there right.
Right.
What are we going to put this yo yo yo let's rate mo.
Yo yo yo let's rate hold.
Excellent.
Good choice.
Thank you.
The Oz rap song but I don't think uh.
They'll recognize it as that.
No they will not.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 we got a growing list.
It's spectacular man.
Never did I realize.
And of course wouldn't you know on a day all we do have 309 votes.
Now when do we start this about 9 45?
Okay.
About 30 man.
It's been a blur today.
I have no idea.
I don't either.
I'm amazed that we're still on the earth at this point.
Oh we're not?
What's your favorite expression or product you've got from the New Rogers show?
Absolutely correct.
You're 53.
Absolutely correct.
And right away how did you like that little montage?
Did you?
I thought that I was very impressive.
About 30 man's at 45.
About 30 man.
No fag in the church 23.
Man it's key chain 22.
I'm dying over here is tied with the puts the lotion in the basket 21.
It's tough to separate those reverend johns your gay 18.
See this one I don't want to say it because I can't do it justice.
For justice we must go to that one.
Did nobody consider like that 17.
Rectum, Mitch Lewis's rectum rectum got 14 votes.
It was pretty big.
Fish food 13.
Oi.
This is also Mitch Lewis.
I should point out it's got 10.
Isis got 10.
Uh huh.
It's got eight.
That's the American effinem way is got seven.
All of these things five.
Oh my, Joseph Gackie for the Oh my mustard.
Unbelievable four.
My decon three.
Volker burgers have got three three motor marocones and three
Volker burgers and I'll have some.
To me just tell them inside.
Ha ha ha.
Cockamones that appear.
I I I I I I is got to get the honey juniors only got one.
That's only got one vote.
Doesn't that's aren't you shocked?
No, it's got a lot of honey juniors.
What?
It's got a lot of competition.
Come on.
There's something rotten in Denmark with that.
Thanks for calling one big old bites finally got one.
Oh my god one.
One for eight is so hard.
It's Friday you bastards where you're fudge packet.
I'll write man dog in the rest of know having a yet.
But we're just we're just getting going now.
You follow my it's my friend.
I follow you know speaking of this thing in the
Mandage key chain in the impending fundraiser and everything.
Yes already since we were talking about you know what we're doing.
Already people are talking about which key chain if we're going to do a key chain and.
Well, I've already discussed this because I'm sure I know exactly where you're going.
But I already said no.
Yeah, but in fact I don't think he was the one that said no.
I think that somebody mixed it before it actually got back to
Maul right that's what I'm getting that I think that now maybe that he and I are so tight right.
Those are balls.
I think maybe we might just lighten up a little bit.
I think it would be criminal if we did a key chain and it wasn't that.
Especially since we're going to raise money for charity again for one of the
Dorgie charities again who could have a problem with that and especially since he's a dog lover.
He's got a dog right and he's got that doggy here piece.
What are you saying, Maul?
Those are balls.
Come on.
Huh?
I think we should work on that.
Come on, Maul.
Won't you consider?
The other boss.
Okay.
He's going to be as a boss and all.
What a softie.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound.
You know, he talked to the powers that people they're scared of him.
They're scared I can understand why but they're afraid that they're terrified.
It's for charity, Maul.
I know you go along with it.
We would do the same for him.
Sure.
When we do the same for him.
We do something for him.
Absolutely.
Somebody QAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, yo, what's up with your gun for booker?
Whatever.
That guy says that cracks me up every time I hear it.
Yeah, I'm not really, let me just play it and see exactly what you just say.
Because I think he says gangster here.
Wait a minute.
I can find it.
Yo, Maul, what's up with you?
Got some a spoiler.
Excellent.
Hey, I like the Charlton Hathen you.
It's kind of a big.
Okay, thanks.
Poor Charlton Hathen.
He's shot.
Actually, it's interesting because it says on it and whoever put this in here,
gangster mispocha.
Right?
Which is how it's always easy to find.
Because I know how it's spelled in there.
But gangster.
Yo, Maul, what's up with you?
Got some a spoiler.
So obviously, that was put in there by Goiim.
10.56 and 5.60 QAM.
I am.
This is course where you'll buy city QAM.
It's Friday.
You first.
Okay, coming up on 11 o'clock at 5.60 W.C.
I'm not sure.
I hope now.
Do you tell Dave that I put him on hold or not?
No.
See what I mean?
He's like totally out to lunch.
You there, Dave?
I am.
Thank goodness.
Yeah, I knew that he'd be patient enough because I have no technical way of picking it up and talking to you in our board officer.
Pages who little actually talk to the people on the phone.
So you know I was here.
Hey, I got a winner for you this year, Dave.
Who is it?
I have the winner.
Well, don't say who was it and we're going to put you on a spot first.
I am not picking the truck.
I'm through with that game.
Why would I get out in this?
This is the voice of the Kentucky Derby since regret one.
It wasn't in 1915.
There's a rumor that I was here for the first one in 1875.
It's not true.
No, that wasn't you.
That was Mohawar David.
Who used to watch Ty Cobb a plane as a little child.
He enjoyed that so much.
Anyway, I'll tell you who I like.
Indian Express, the Bob Latter Horse, written by Tyler Bayes.
I picked that.
I'm going to use that horse in my exact as I think he could go right to the front and never look back.
But I think he might get caught though.
Do you really?
Yeah, I like him, player maker.
I think he hasn't won his best race yet.
So I think the best is yet to come for that horse.
Taking the easy route out again, Dave.
Taking the truck.
Six to five in the morning line.
I didn't, you know, the aradzi was the biggest favorite before this horse.
And I'm telling you, this horse might even win the triple crown.
Out of the 12 hole in a big field.
Well, let's see.
Let's see.
I got a great, I got a great column here from the Boston Globe this morning because I did a little bit of my homework.
Yeah.
And it's all about this horse in the express.
It says express appears on a fast track and it tells the story about how Lafitte Pinkard Jr.
picked the horse out and turned Bob Afford onto him.
And bottom part of his own story.
I mean, you know, this is the wildest story in the express.
There are 30,000 falls a year registered.
And in 2000, there were only 106 registered from the state of Utah.
I mean, this horse grew up on a tough ranch with rattlesnakes and coyotes and things.
He's a tough mother.
I'm telling you.
I sure hope he's got a better disposition than Dick Cheney.
You know, the owner is?
Who is the owner, George?
A Phil Chas of Chas Records.
Oh, that's right.
The head of Chas Records is the owner of the horse.
That's right because it's in the story.
He's 81 years old and he loves to bet.
Well, who the hell doesn't?
Let's hope we make it to 81, Neil.
And of course, listen, you and I will be doing these things for 30, 40 years, making no mistake about it.
I'm third, man.
I've rediscovered radio, so boy, am I happy?
What do you mean by that?
Oh, that's right.
I'm on the radio.
I understand that.
So am I.
Of course, I was always on a radio.
He used to be on TV.
So one of us is moving in a wrong direction.
But when you got that kind of cash, what difference does it make?
Just laugh all the way to the bank.
And not only that, but you probably still have that old...
You could probably, as an heirloom, get that old Howard Coussell hair piece.
Get that on the mouth, balls.
Huh?
I was thinking about this yesterday.
You know, we all have our cross-the-bearing life.
I've got more Howard David than you had Howard Coussell.
I had Howard Coussell for what he was tough.
We've all got one Howard in our life, one too many.
So you're picking, you're sticking with the Empire Maker, Jerry Bailey.
Right through the triple crown.
He's going to win it all.
Really?
Oh, we've heard this from you before.
When?
About every year.
Every year we have the same conversation.
We could put it on tape.
And I usually get sucked into doing the same thing.
But not this year.
Indian Express written by a 20-year-old Tavar Bayes.
He's 18.
It says in my story, he's 20.
He's 18.
He's 18.
You sure you just still won him?
It says,
He's written by Tavar Bayes.
A 20-year-old is that, yeah, I'm not touching that line.
He's written by Tavar Bayes.
A 20-year-old is never written in the Kentucky Derby.
Now, is he the son of Russell Bayes?
No.
I think he's a cousin of Gary Bayes.
I see.
But that's a racing family.
A lot of history, California.
And evidently, a lot of bases out there on a West Coast.
Okay, well, we're going to write these down and we'll do the same thing.
But I'd imagine you're a 50 grand away on each one.
And we'll see who comes out head the other triple crown.
Very good.
Have you run into our close personal friend Hank out there yet?
I saw him, but we had a bowl of soup together yet today.
And this is just so much fun to come to the Derby.
And talk horses with Hank.
And we talked about you.
I knew my ears were burning.
Those ratings are enormous.
I'm glad to hear it.
Well, everybody's going to have something big in their life.
You know what I'm saying, Dave?
Okay, listen.
Toronto.
How's it going, Ferrin?
Are you still in Toronto?
I'm in Toronto.
I'm disease-free.
Everything is great here.
Tell everybody you know to come on up with no problem here.
Everybody's happy.
Nobody run around with masks.
Everything is great.
That's great.
And believe me, we need to cash.
I'll see you at Goodvine, Dave.
Okay. Good luck.
Talk to you for the breakfast.
Take care.
Thanks.
Dave Johnson, great guy.
Great race, scholar.
Indian Express.
And you saw you had picked the same thing, huh?
Yeah, based on that, because Ken was telling me about that.
I was having him help me.
And he told me, Ken Maldon.
Right, Ken Maldon.
How's Ken doing?
He's doing great.
It's a lot pappy-pappy.
Take care of yourself, Ken.
Watch your back in that place.
Ken Maldon, he's a survivor.
You know, there's some people who are survivors, and there are other people like, you know, fall by the wayside.
Now, ask me and Dave Johnson and Ken Maldon, survivors.
Thought you believe me?
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Don't let me forget.
I'm going to read that article.
I'm looking at the faxes that came over here.
Let's see.
The Schmidt Meister may be getting fired for posting the Toplis Zeta Jones pictures on his website.
Toplis was smoking...
What does that say?
Pregard.
Oh, I'll...
Oh, Toplis was smoking Pregard.
The last two letters are...
The smoking gun.com as the paper worked filed by his lawyer against the Chief Channel.
More importantly, what's his website so I can see those pictures?
I don't know.
We want the website immediately if not sooner.
So, Billy in Boca, please pass again.
In Currie, Mike, Bob, type of the other pictures.
What is it?
Tophless.com.
And speaking of Tophless and the clueless, Scroan has a memo now.
I'm excited to announce the having of Curtis Raymond.
There's the new Sports Hales Manager of WDQAM.
Welcome to the family, Curtis, whoever the hell you are.
Can't let her.
Another...
Another...
Curtis will oversee.
I love the way she's got two separate words overseas.
This is our sales manager.
Okay, boys and girls, she can't spell.
Curtis will oversee all sponsorship sales of the Dolphins, Pathas, Marlins and Canes.
Curtis comes to WDQAM after 10 years at infinity sports Boston
as sales manager in the New England Patriots and Boston Bruins Radio Networks.
Oh, this guy won't last long.
He thinks he's going to stick around after 10 years in Boston.
He's going to stick around her very long.
And he probably don't even know about...
Roy and that stuff.
And about her being plastered at that Dolphin thing.
Or is it the Marlin?
Whatever it was, a PP Park.
Please join me in welcoming Curtis to the QM family, says,
Guran, welcome Curtis.
Welcome.
Whoever the hell you are.
That is amazing.
It's just like a revolving door we got here in sales in and out and in.
And I'll wish of course this Guran especially in and out.
Should I be disarticle again now?
Please.
I mean, I'm sure we'll have some more additions for the pool,
but we talked to Dave Johnson.
We got our picks in for the Derby.
He's there with the Humbermletty.
And I'm glad he said I had a bowl of soup with that.
You know what I said?
I'm glad he told him to say that.
Because we've got to keep Hank alive.
He has re-even right on the head.
He didn't say why.
I just think it might have been a cheese onion soup.
So what's wrong with that?
That's still okay.
You're not going to get fat from meeting a bowl of soup.
Believe you me, it's all the accoutrements that go with it.
Crackers.
Don't eat no crackers.
Crackers are for going.
Derek Z. Jackson in the Boston gloves.
He even comes back to Boston.
Jerry Williams just died.
We got Curtis Raymond, our new sports hails managers from Boston.
And at least he worked there for 10 years.
And this article from the Boston Globe.
As we're trying to present another picture to you
while the endless media pep rally goes on.
All the people with the pom-poms out there.
That's what it is.
It's an endless pep rally.
It's all spin all day.
All good news, man.
Everything that, that, that, that.
Oh, we got to play that again.
What is that?
Stars and Strips?
Yes. It should be in yours too.
Is it in mine?
I think so.
Oh, I never knew that.
Oh, it is.
Oh, yeah!
Oh, yeah!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Okay.
Defense CEOs are big winners of Iraq War.
Is this article?
I'll try to read it even better than I read yesterday,
which won't take much.
More than 130 American soldiers died in a dubious war
in a dusty oil rich land.
In dust-free boardrooms, the CEOs behind our bombs,
missiles, tanks, and planes went to corporate heaven.
On the dust, 12 teenagers paid the ultimate sacrifice.
In the boardroom, men in their 50s and 60s
filled their sacks with cash.
12 soldiers will never see 20.
At least 13 weapons executives
took home more than 20 million dollars in compensation
since 2000.
The young paid dearly, middle-aged and graying CEOs were dearly paid.
Neither the clouds of dust or the closed doors of the boardroom
can hide the bankruptcy.
The Boston-based watchdog group united for a fair economy,
known in general for its reports on the vast pay gap
between CEOs and workers, this week published a report
on the even more insane gap between soldiers and weapons CEOs.
Using federal corporate and think tank data,
the group found that while the average army
private-interracurance about $20,000 a year,
the average CEO among the 37 largest publicly traded defense contractors
made 577 times more money in 2000,
$11.3 million and that's the average.
Since 2000, the 37 defense contractors CEOs
actually given our first strike war,
it is more appropriate to refer them as offense contractors,
have taken home $1.35 billion.
That may not be Bill Gates,
but it still means that just 37 men have made enough money
in the last three years to, for instance, pay for two years
of running the Boston public schools.
Meanwhile, everyone knows how the budget cuts have turned
public school systems into their own little bagdads,
because their government say there's no more money
after war, tax cuts, corporate giveaways, and sports stadiums.
In a less predatory America,
it would be rude to brag about financial winners
as a result of the terrorist attacks of 9-11-2001
and the attack on Iraq.
Yet between Homeland Security, Afghanistan,
destroying Iraq and rebuilding Iraq,
it was hard to tell whether offense contractors
were patriotic eagles or bouncing vultures.
Sacrifice, not one the 11.3 million dollar average
pay-of-offence industry executives is nearly $4 million a year
more than the average for the largest 365 companies
surveyed by business week.
CEO Pay-A-Lockheed Martin went up from $5.8 million
in 2000 to $25.3 million in 2002.
It went up a general dynamics tanks and submarines
from $5.7 million in 2001 to $15.2 million in 2002.
It went up at Honeywell Aircraft from 12-9 to $45 million in 2002.
It went up at Northcraft, an Northrop Grumman from $7.3 to $9.2 million in 2002.
Pay-Winup at a lion, bullets and bombs from $1.4 million in 2000
to $10.5 million in 2002.
It went up at Cardinal Health Medical Supplies
from $2.9 million in 2001 to $17.7 million in 2002.
It went up at United Defense Industries Guns and Cannons
from $794,000 in 2000 to $2.7 million in 2002.
At Raytheon, missiles and bombs who went from $8 million in 2000,
down to $2.6 million in 2001 and back up to $8.9 million in 2002.
In a radio address in May 1940 during the Defense Buildup
Party, West entry into WW2, President Roosevelt said,
our present emergency in a common sense of decency make it imperative
that no new group of warmen in Ershul come into being in this nation
as a result of the struggles abroad.
The American people will not dwell as the idea of any American citizen growing rich in fat
in an emergency of blood and slaughter and human suffering.
In the same speech Roosevelt also said,
we must make sure in all that we do that there be no breakdown or cancellation
of any of the great social gains which we made in these past years.
We've carried on an offensive on a broad front against social and economic inequalities
and abuses which had made our society weak.
That offensive should not now be broken down by the Pinchers movement of those
who would use the present needs of physical military defense to destroy it.
Six decades later, war millionaires run the country,
whether that be Vice President Dick Cheney's old connections to Haliburton
for the $13.6 million at Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman,
General Dynamics Raytheon and United Technologies have given in political contributions since 2000.
Military spending after falling from $320.9 million to $266.96
has sorted the $400 million level.
As the war millionaires saw using the majestic patriotic mass of eagles
to disguise the ugly vulture waiting for a handout,
the U.S. is creating a new definition of friendly fire for the budget broadsides
in schools, healthcare, and city and state services of every kind.
63 years after Roosevelt's speech, a new group of war millionaires came into being
both as a result of America's struggles abroad and it's abandonment of the struggle at home.
There you go.
It was worth re-reading.
Have you noticed what a much better reading was?
Yes, much.
In fact, maybe I read it again Monday.
You can imagine how it would end over.
12 minutes past 11 at 5.60 WDQYM.
I tell you about something really good.
All the skippy is, I'm a little worried about skippy.
You know, I haven't got my oldie-mit in the mail yet?
Yeah.
And I'm getting really nervous about him because I'm almost out.
I'm almost completely dry.
Only a med salt sales owner sending product you want to keep a lot handy
because they're good for you.
Only a med salt sales contain the best olive oil you'll find on the planet.
Not just ordinary olive oil, but super concentrated,
loaded with all kinds of good stuff, health benefits for you.
Oldie-mit every day can produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol plus
there are 14 different olio-med formulas from which to choose.
Each one combining pharmaceutical great olive oil with vitamins, minerals,
herbalists to support specific needs from bones to blood pressure to your immune system.
All you have to do is pick out the formulas that are right for what you're looking for.
Now there are three new olio-med formulas.
One to help you sleep, one to help you control that disgusting weight,
and cell Q10 for your heart.
Pick some olio-med up today.
It's all over town now.
It's published, records, Walgreens, full food markets, Navarro,
Sardano, is the order of it online if you like it,
olio-medamerican.com.
If you want more information on this,
sensational products column tool free, and one, 866 olio-med.
That's one, 866-6536333, start feeling better right away
and getting healthier with some olio-med in your push today.
Line and local,
we're sports video 560, she will view AM.
I have no life.
I have no cavities, I have no taste.
Bye bye bye!
You son of a bitch.
I have no life.
I went to the South City party,
I was invited by the priest.
He said, turn with me,
I have some friends to see back in the,
for red durian.
When we got to the South City party,
there were some other priests in the book.
Then he dropped his pants and said,
be a good lad,
your face I want and stuff.
And I realized now,
I didn't do very well.
You see, because the priest couldn't get all,
so he had to please himself.
I want to go home.
I want to go home.
I want to go home.
Then the priest at the South City party said,
have faith son, try again.
Shoot them in the land.
Then he said,
let me go get, try to understand.
He said, there's something I must remind you,
before you give it another chance.
The holy men who wrote the Bible,
were wearing any pants.
Now I'm alright now.
I can do that very well.
I put my pants.
I can please say it was,
and I won't go to hell.
God there's so many of these.
1118 to 560 to 8KWM.
Charlton has been robbing Tom and the Beats.
We got that on and out and you son of a bitch.
Charlton has been got it.
Shoot them in the leg.
Got it.
I pooped my pants.
Okay, maybe you did.
I pooped my pants.
Been there done that.
How about one of my favorites,
and especially now it was so appropriate.
The needy-ass is sick and you talk badly.
Okay, like it.
In case you're too many in mainstream,
wonder what the hell we're talking about.
Our poll question today,
what's your favorite expression or product you've got
from the Neorodger show?
Got it?
We got it.
I do like it.
The needy-ass is sick and you talk badly.
And then somebody, it's a mole one.
I thought they'd probably like this.
If there's a butt.
If there's a butt, I smell it.
I think that deserves to be on there.
What about Sally Fitz?
I realize I'm asking for an awful lot here.
And of course I have no idea what's eventually going to show.
How about Harry Carey?
They deal.
Fuck you.
Huh?
No?
Yeah.
And certainly what about...
Get off, get me fired up when I hear someone say that.
And then Peter, who sent us this lengthy list,
is I voted for...
I'm third man.
Which he says is the best.
I tend to agree.
I think I voted for that.
What'd you vote for?
Okay.
But that's right.
Ah-han, that was your choice.
This story, I think we ought to put it on the website.
But we'll save it for tomorrow, KBN, boy.
Sure.
But you already got enough for the handle.
No.
April 11, Kuditha, linked to U.S. President George W. Bush,
Dirty Wars team.
This is something somebody faxed in this morning
from a great website, vheadline.com.
A venet whalen related this story.
London's observer newspapers is the April 11, Kuditha,
against the democratically elected government
of President Hugo Chavez-Frias, has been linked to U.S. President
George W. Bush's team, specialised in the Dirty Wars
of the 80s encouraged the plotters who tried to
try to topple President Chavez, where its observer
world view corresponded to Edville, Yami from New York.
The observer has established that the failed coup in Venezuela
was closely tied to senior officials of the U.S. government.
They have long histories in the Dirty Wars of the 80s
and links to death squads working in Central America at that time.
Oh, this sounds like that thing about Guadamala
was talking about just the everyday.
See?
Remember that I did see it.
So, well, that'll be on the website tomorrow.
We got to say it holds something back.
But speaking anyway of that sausage party,
please have played that, is we got a couple other stories
that were faxed in.
Not that we're looking for these, but they seem to be popping up.
These priest stories, they seem to be popping up
all over the place if I can say that.
Toledo.
A Roman Catholic priest and high school religion teacher
was charged with possessing child pornography.
The Reverend Stephen G. Rogers, no relation, 54,
has been on leave since U.S. Custom Service Investigators
searched his sleeve at Toledo, home in December.
The single cow was filed Wednesday this week in U.S. District
court under a legal procedure that does not require
a grand jury investigation.
If convicted, the maximum sentence is five years in prison
and a $250,000 fine.
The priest did not wish to comment said as attorney.
Rogers recently completed a residential therapy program
and the diocese of Toledo is cooperating with the investigation.
He continues to be on leave until this whole issue
that's built with a W. White.
This whole issue is resolved,
brilliant city's not in the active industry.
Rogers subscribed away child pornography website
from December 23rd, 98 to June 27th, 2001.
The San Descunative was ordained in June 1995
and previously served as an associate
at Pranster, Wilcozano, in Toledo.
And you like that?
Another one was the superb priest and Los Angeles.
Pransecute is filed five more felony sex abuse charges
against the former Roman Catholic priest
after a former altibor came forward to say the clerk molested him
at least 168 times before he turned 18.
But you get that number, huh?
You get that number.
The church?
He must have been 168.
He must have been keeping track of every sport of the world.
Hashmarts.
Yeah, that might be it.
One, two, three, three, three, four.
Michael Steven Baker, 55, now faces a total of 34 felony charges.
He's already scheduled to stand for all on 13 counts of loot,
acts upon a child under age 14 and 16 counts of oral copulation
with a minor.
He must have been in that Kunstorganization oral as moral.
Baker was played innocent.
The new counts stem from testimony to a preliminary hang by
alleged victim Matthew Severus in 35,
who said he were, oh, geez, who said he was repeatedly abused
by Baker in church rectumries.
He said the abuse began when it was seven or eight years old.
Baker declined to comment Wednesday.
His arrangement was postponed till May 20th,
so his lawyer, Donald Styer, can review the preliminary hearing transcript.
Styer said it was unlikely a jury would be swayed by the five new charges.
Okay, I just mentioned that in passing.
And for those who like him young,
and the son sent them today,
two Lake Worth women charged with having sex parties with young boys.
All right.
Lake Worth, an elementary school employee and a Girl Scout worker,
I wonder if she was selling them cookies?
Yeah, thin mints.
In fact, that would be a possibility for the,
and Jennifer Remdesyres, how about...
Can't beat that date or me.
Huh?
Right?
Don't think?
Sure.
I mean, that doesn't fit this story.
This story is more like...
Want a lollipop little boy?
But I think Jennifer Rem definitely belongs on our survey today with...
Can beat that date or me.
Lake Worth, an elementary school employee and a Girl Scout worker provided alcohol
watched adult movies and had sex with minors at parties they hosted
while one woman's husband was at work authority, so yesterday,
Amy Dwayne, a data entry processor
and discovery key elementary school west of Lake Worth,
was arrested when's the in charge with lood acts on a child under 16
and providing alcohol to persons under the age of 21?
Alligations of the escape surface staff to sheriff's officials
learned that Dwayne 37 and far have hosted several parties over a four-month period at Dwayne's home.
Authority said the woman provided McCarty, Rums, Murau, Vodka, and Beer
to the boys ages 12 to 14, under the condition they invited by Amy's rule.
She was concerned they wouldn't get two drunk sheriff's spokesman Paul Millar said of the rule.
At one of their parties in March Dwayne watched a pay-per-view movie with a 13-year-old
seduced him had intercourse with an official said,
another time far have had sex with a 16-year-old.
It's shocking. No question about it Millar said this is pretty serious, very unusual.
I'm not saying it hasn't happened before. Oh, no Schmidt.
Dwayne was released from Caledia Wednesday on $15,000 as bought a judge
or to the mother of three not to have any contact with the victims
and have only supervised contract with her own children.
Steven got her a dresser and like worth, she'll be reassigned from her $18,000
a year job, a routine procedure pending the outgoing investigation said her principal,
Steven Sills, not still Steven Guttler.
Far have worked in a registration capacity for the Girl Scouts Authority said
neither woman supervised children in the job, none of the boys involved attended discovery official said.
Dwayne's husband, a firefighter, is not suspected of taking part in the activities.
According to the investigation, he wasn't aware of this. He didn't know anything.
I think he was at work at the time and he was just devastated.
It says any a son sent him. He was devastated.
26 after 11 at 5.60 W.D. Q.A.M.
Now that's kind of surprising to me. Look what's leading the pack so far.
What's your favorite expression of product from this show over the years?
I thought it would be number one, but it's number two.
As number one, with a pretty good cushion now, 65 to 53 is...
Yeah, aren't you surprised?
No tags in the church, 33. It puts the lotion in the basket, 31.
Your gay, 28. The famous Reverend Jones with a bad baseball camp.
I'm dying over here, 27.
Manage keychain, 23.
Doido doido, 22. I'm getting better at that.
Reckon, 19. O.A.18. Eisner, 17.
That's the American FNW 15, Facebook, 13.
Unbelievable nine. And a-ha.
It's only got eight, George. That's your story.
It's only got eight. Well, that doesn't necessarily mean anything.
There's probably only eight people, eight of...
You know, the finest restaurant in town in one hour.
While thousands ate in McDonald's. Look at it that way.
All right. It's called rationalizing.
11.27 at 5.60 W.D. Q.A.M.
The Panthers and the Heat are well done for the season.
Stick a folk in them. And so it's college basketball.
And it often still could start at another three months in spite of all the football talkier on his station.
But there is some action going on every night and every day.
Seven days a week, he got cymbal casting at Pompeau Park and three nights a week.
Every Wednesday, Friday, like tonight and Saturday, he had live harness racing, outstanding.
First race, post time, 7.15 PM.
Free general parking and free admission as well. What's not to like?
Come out to Pompeau Park and enjoy the thrill of not a great horse racing action.
And don't forget, since we were talking today, Johnson just only moments ago,
that tomorrow's the Kentucky Dury and Pompeau Park as they do every year will feature cymbal casting of the run for the roses.
The 129th Kentucky Dury plunge your guts out on...
What was that horse? Indian Express.
Mr. Think? Absolutely.
I'm fact, if I were you, I'd be out Pompeau Park tonight.
Because early bird wagering starts at one o'clock this afternoon.
You can watch wagering, join the crowds tomorrow for the Kentucky Dury from Churchill Downs at Pompeau Park.
But let me say it again, you can advance wagering your early bird wagering on the Derby Sturdy and won this afternoon at Pompeau Park.
So right after the show, you can drive on up there with Vienerboy.
Oh, okay.
I can bet a few cent on it.
Don't forget there every Wednesday at Pompeau Park is Dollar Night for Draft Beer Hot Dog Soda's and more like I said every day, seven days a week.
You got cymbal casting at Harness Racing Highlight Thurberd Racing from all over North America from noon till the wee hours of the morning.
Pompeau Park, don't forget a live racing card, 715 tonight, a block-suffer Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road.
My life and love, this is 4205 City, the way you are.
Carnished with the sewer of this place.
Did you see all ratings for the last book?
Yeah, I know it's more time-in.
Sure, could possibly be us.
What's your back?
Back to where you won't wait for more.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Oh, brother, all that glove I don't understand, you can eat from a trough while you're in both him and you're just like clinton, it's all you are far from the straight lip fat ass out
Well, we'll take the intruder you amount
That's right-Wh Lower your back
For you oh, know, know, know, know, sangiverille
De
There's that Gully sound.
1132 at 560 WQM.
This is pretty interesting.
From Swiss info, Donald Rumsfeld, the US Secretary of Defense was on the board of technology
giant ABB when it wanted to deal with supply North Korea with two nuclear power plants.
It's on our website today, this story, who want to read the whole thing.
Weapons experts say waste material from the two reactors could be used for so-called
dirty bombs.
The Swiss-based ABB on Friday told Swiss info that Rumsfeld was involved with the company
in early 2000 when it ended a $200 million contract with Pyongyang.
The ABB contract was to deliver equivalent services for two nuclear power stations at
KUMHO, an Earth Korea's east coast.
Rumsfeld, who's one of the Bush administration's most stride and hardliners on Earth Korea,
was a member of ABB's board between 1990 and February 2001 when he left to take up his
current post.
Wolfram Averhart, a spokesman for ABB, told Swiss info that Rumsfeld was at nearly all
the board meetings during his decade-long involvement with the company.
However, he declined to indicate whether Rumsfeld was made aware of the nuclear contract
with North Korea.
This is a good question, but I couldn't comment on that because we never disclosed the
protocols of the board meetings Averhart said, maybe this was the discussion point of
the board, maybe not.
Maybe and maybe not.
Just like maybe Dick Tainted didn't know about Haliburton having all of them deals with
Sodom in Iraq with that butcher of Baghdad.
I just mentioned it in passing.
And also, oil firms work for terrorist sponsors, challenge giving contracts to Haliburton
question.
Oil giant Haliburton and their work in countries considered sponsors of terrorism came under
fire Wednesday from California representative of the Baltic and Henry Waxman, who questioned
whether the company should receive lucrative government contracts.
In order to defend Secretary Donald Hermann Gearing Rumsfeld, Waxman said Haliburton companies
of city areas and joint ventures had dubbed business in Iran, Iraq and Libya in spite of
U.S. sanctions against those countries.
It appears that the company is that is performed and apparently continuing to perform work
for state sponsors of terrorism has been given a prominent rule in the administration's
war on terrorism Waxman wrote.
Waxman's letter did not directly accuse Haliburton of bringing law instead Waxman asked Rumsfeld
whether the White House had examined the legality of Haliburton's work in Iraq Iran and
Libya.
He also asked whether the administration plans to do so before awarding Haliburton any
more contracts.
And you can read the rest of that story on our website today too.
I just mentioned these things in passing, okay?
Not that we want to get too heavy duty, do we?
Sure.
Sure we do.
Because I hate directed news to Virginia, but life ain't just one long never-ending
pip rally, okay?
Give the pom-poms a rest.
Here's a good facts from Jason.
He says, I voted for about 30, but it lets a man it's one's off.
For example, and I'll pass him by.
I mean, the list is getting a little bit long, you know?
A little bit.
Is it?
It's long.
Well, in fact, he also even Jason didn't put this.
Only in the banana republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
Yeah.
And we got a million manage drops in the world.
I want to bang in the butt, honey.
And then Jason, like, oh my God, your breasts are beautiful.
But I'll leave it up to you in being her boy, okay?
I just, um, stand up.
That's not even my favorite.
What's your favorite?
If I'm going to suck on something, it's not going to be an oyster.
What about?
Who's going to get Ricky a blow?
Yeah, there's so many, you know?
Well, we got the manage key chain, even though right, and most of these weren't on it.
You know something, let me say this to you.
How about manage key chain part two if we can't get the most stuff or we can't get permission
from his highness?
That's a good plan B.
I think that's an excellent plan A.
A, a lot of Jason says PS, I think I'm all how we're debited.
Keychain would sell about 30 million.
30, man.
Million no question.
So a lot you're indeed, but if we can't get that, we've always got the mad dog.
Did he talk or did he cock it?
See what I'm saying?
Here's an excellent fact from Joe, a real butt-licking one, which I always like a little butt-licking.
While on my adventures across the end of this, it also pisses me off.
You read this, I assume?
Yeah.
While on my adventures across the west, I had many occasions to listen to XM radio, satellite radio.
I heard such people as Sonny Fox, Dave Grave Line, Phil Henry, and a host of others.
Are you sure?
I haven't heard the love doctors from WZZR.
They put on a good show by the way they seem to be let, they never seem to be lacking for callers either.
They also happen to be fans of yours.
But why aren't you on it?
XM, question Joe.
You have more talent than the lot of them combined.
It says you'd be a sensation on XM perhaps, and here I even underlined this.
Because it just pisses me off.
Perhaps you need more aggressive representation.
Yeah, maybe if I had an agent, a real lawyer who was more interested in like really getting me where I should be,
making me a contender, instead of like worried about his damn, how much weed he's got to smoke
and about his house for boys and all that crap.
I think he ought to be worried about that, but he's not, and he's not going to change.
I can't read for him.
I'm about, huh?
A contender instead of a pretender?
That's right, never going to be a contender.
I would normally count at the home.
And by the way, Nora Kentz got the same number as Bill O'Reilly in the South Florida market.
A big zero.
It says, fire that stiff you have now and hire yourself a real bulldog and get these things done.
It says you may be interested in knowing that on radio and records.com there's an interesting article about Arbitron.
Joe, we already know this.
David knew this for years.
It says they're giving minorities more money and incentives than whites to fill out their diaries.
Reverse discrimination question mark.
You'll be the judge if you get it.
But we already know about that.
They've been here for years.
And the reason being they say that they have a more difficult time in getting sufficient minority representation.
So as a result, they have to have a greater incentive.
So instead of two bucks, they give like five, or I don't know how much you'd rate.
How much do you think it's up to now?
About 30 million.
Well, whatever they're given.
So they get a much greater return on the ethnic diaries than you do on the cracker diaries.
Remember that movie to cracker diaries?
No.
You do why?
Sounds like good title, though.
Let's make it.
Here's an excellent column.
You don't want to like read all the way to one o'clock.
It's only 1138.
God, it seems like I've been here forever.
I've got a couple of more bedtime stories.
I definitely want to squeeze in here.
I'll get to them.
What's your favorite expression or product you got from the near-roger show?
Absolutely correct.
Here's got 71, about 30, 53, no fagin' that's here.
It's 37, puts a lotion in the basket.
36, your gay, 32.
And I'm dying over here.
How many of that's got?
About 30, man.
Right.
Somebody to QA him, hello.
Yes, sir.
Man, I've been trying to call for two and a half hours.
I got something that I got my whole family saying.
I'm not sure if you like it, but we love it.
And it's open wide for chunky.
You can say it to your two-year-old when you're trying to get him to eat his strange carrots.
You can say it to the white, but he's about to, you know, take care of her duties, man.
Open wide for chunky.
I hear Father O'Toole like to say that, too, is what I'm hearing.
Okay, thanks a lot, Pally.
Thank you.
Open wide for chunky.
You're not putting that on there, but I did not mention that.
I think I mentioned it yesterday.
I forgot.
Or maybe it wasn't on the ear.
567-0560.
Pound 56 on the 18th, Steve Verizon Wireless Live.
My life and local.
This is 420-06.
You a QA.
Fred, get very afraid.
Yes.
I like it when the guy stopped by.
For a Hummer.
Do you remember?
Do you remember?
When you got that Hummer,
New Key is on the block really has smoked Chinese shoes, have no...
I am living live in the guy's stuff.
Or a Hummer.
Or a Hummer.
I like guys who start at home, they want to...
Extractors who they make their wish.
Cause they get long from my Hummer, from my Hummer.
Big one, Daddy, stick it in my hand.
I gave you a Hummer, and it all began.
You had the biggest one that I ever did to see.
It fell to the floor when you tried to be.
When you undid, I can't help but want.
But it's so big that you just have to flaunt it.
You wet my whistle with that big thing, baby.
I've probably done my throat man, it drives me crazy.
Now I think about you and it makes me sad.
You went away, it never came back.
I gave you a Hummer and you went back home.
My only pumpkin was the size of your dog.
I felt even love when you gave me a beat.
Now I'm a little bit like Alex, me key in.
When I met you, I knew that you were sick.
It really doesn't matter the size of your stick.
New kids on the block really have smoked Chinese shoes, have no...
I am such a fly from the guy's stuff.
I for a Hummer.
For a Hummer.
1144-562-WQM.
I should have asked Dave how come the Hummer isn't going to be on today speaking to him.
I guess he's too busy punching his guts out at the Churchill Downs.
Probably.
That's a good reason.
Eddie Cable will be on following the Mad Dog, Mad Dog will be on 1-3.
Eddie Cable from Vegas 3-7 on your gambling on your GA station.
Let's just change the colors from WQM to WGA.
Gambers anonymous.
Okay, yeah.
Josh Friedman 7 o'clock for the Fathower.
730 at Marlins on Dreck.
Marlins at the Astros 805.
And in the Beast after the baseball game till 2 in the morning, ESPN radio overnight.
The Beast.
The Unchist one.
The Man with the Death Wish.
5-6705-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T.
Oh, the reason I played that...
Be a friend.
Be very a friend.
That drop-in.
I want to dedicate that to Miguel and George Corso.
Because when I come back, number 1, I'm not going to give you any advance.
I'm going to run around the halls and breathe on everybody.
Be a friend.
Be very a friend.
I mean, that thing, I still can't get over it.
It's so stupid.
Just like, I'm trying to remember which paper was in so I could like click out of it here.
I think it was in the Sun Sentinel.
I don't know.
It was not in the Sun Sentinel.
It was in the Globe, I believe.
About some young girl who came with her family to Toronto.
And now it's a suspected SARS case.
She got a cold, a sore throat, and a cough.
And now, what's that SARS-DF family, wasn't Toronto?
Is she in the hospital?
No.
Is she like Deathly Hill?
No.
Is anybody else got it?
No.
So let me just say this.
Anybody that comes up here, we want your money back.
Lee City is now making phenomenal deals to let...
You know, entice people to come back after they've butchered the reputation of the city.
But don't get a cold.
Don't get a sniffle.
Don't cough on a plane.
Don't look at anybody cross-eyed.
Don't get a scratchy throat.
Because right away, it'll be SARS.
Just stop and think about what kind of Neanderthal assholes you're dealing with in that building, okay?
And this was in a meeting, probably in the one of them department head meetings.
What do you think?
I have no idea.
Or something like that, because I know Muff was in on it.
That's what I'm hearing to the grapevine.
Not that we want to give Muff and any trouble, but he's got a solid position now in here.
No.
He's got a real strong contract.
You don't have to worry about things like that.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
He died?
My phone is ringing.
You know what that means?
That means my office applies you downstairs.
Not exciting?
Mm-hmm.
I'm gonna have to go get him now.
Although it'd be interesting.
Yeah, yeah.
No, I'm not gonna do that.
See, I make the call one day.
The next day I got me another case of fax paper coming.
I got me a couple of extra toner cartridges so we don't have the problem like you got where you have to beg and plead with your ex-oly to come by because the station's too cheap to give us supplies that we need.
It's really great.
Like it's like my own little real radio station here as opposed to QAM.
By the way, yes.
I heard Mark talking on the TV this morning.
You're Mark Morgan on TV, right?
He didn't do that.
Really?
Really?
He didn't do the spas routine.
I wonder if I still have that on there.
That's traffic and weather.
I'm Mark Morgan on sports radio 560 QAM.
He didn't do that?
No, no shit.
Straight up by like a normal person.
Oh, like a normal person like a real traffic and weather guy.
As opposed to that.
That's traffic.
I'm spasley.
Mark Morgan.
QAM.
You know, it's just, what does it say?
What does it say?
I see if we had any real management.
Wouldn't you think that one of our people since we've had about 50 PDs and 50 PDs.
And all these intermediate paper pushers running around.
Wouldn't you think somebody would say, hey, Mark, you know, if you want to keep doing a traffic
under station, tone it down a little bit.
Okay, stop with a wild drama.
It's embarrassing.
Boy, you've been out of here a long time.
And I'm curious how come that Mo who was so upset with a beast being unprofessional.
What could be more unprofessional when I just played there, huh?
QAM.
You know who else used to do that?
Who?
The big.
Oh!
Remember that one he used to do updates?
No.
He had the similar kind of a spastic way of doing that.
Yeah.
Can I make a stand there?
And then the beast started doing that.
Remember that?
I am the beast.
Well, anyway, let's not talk about the beast because he's an overgrown child.
He's just a big, chubby child.
Go ahead.
B-ha!
Yes, they have to be a bit of a call right.
B-ha!
B-ha!
B-ha!
We don't know how to spell that.
You're suggesting as duly noted.
And Eric says, quit already.
Okay, I got 50,000 choices on here.
It's going over pretty good though.
We got 504 votes.
It's not even noon yet.
It's not even noon yet.
Absolute.
I don't think they're going to catch absolutely correct.
Oh, I'm going to play that more.
Absolute incorrect.
Absolute incorrect.
Absolute incorrect.
Absolute incorrect.
Absolute incorrect.
Yeah.
In fact, we might do a whole day of that on Monday.
What do you say?
Well, then on Tuesday, I got this thing down to a science now.
Tuesday, your favorite fart.
Number three.
Number four.
Huh?
I like the one that sounds like a rimshot.
I think that's number seven.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, all right.
Now, what kind of rimshot were you talking about?
I know you're a basketball fan.
Oh, yeah.
Oops.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Don't forget, did we ever find out why there was no Joe and Marshall last night?
No.
Excuse me.
And I'm not going to get upset about it because I'm looking forward to lunch.
There's nothing I can do about it.
They just don't want to tell us nothing that's going on.
We're just totally right in the dark.
So we'll fight out for it.
Not that anybody cares.
You know what's all the calls we had saying?
You were in a house that you were on Mark's show last night.
Oh, yeah.
No.
We're up all night waiting for that thing to come on.
And the show too.
Call the phone.
Anyway, Joe's off on his honeymoon.
It's wait, but you can do it.
Mark Eisenberg of the Joe and Mark's show.
No, no.
Any minute now he'll be doing his thing.
No, no, two of these singular wireless off the palm.
I don't want 57th Avenue.
Stop idle when prizes and register when tripped for two to the major league baseball all-star
game in Chicago this summer.
And a Marlon sky box party at the pros and pretty damn good prizes.
How does he wait to get that?
Don't know.
When every time you guys go out, you get squat.
You get cramp.
Watch a diddly squat that nobody would take if you threw in a $50 bill on the envelope.
But you might try that.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
No, are you doing?
Good.
I agree with you about it.
It's all about oil and big contrast and big cooperation running this country.
Forget about democracy.
I got three, I dropped three expressions about historic triangle and the boyaka.
Shocking the chicken and mama la pingo.
And it's big.
It's big and the bottom of us.
Okay.
What is the worst last one?
Big one.
I think he was.
I think it's the first time looking for you call that a penis.
Yeah.
She might put that on there or not.
Sure.
I'm going to put one hula one on there for the ring.
You laying go.
I'll pull you.
He's choking at baby.
It's gagging over there.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlis line.
Of course I want to ask Brian Andrews, our former colleague.
Huh?
Who says that our former colleague out there said what does a choking chicken sound like?
And that was his rendering.
Think about your rendering is Brian.
And by the way, Adam is still interested.
WDQA.
Hello.
What's up, Neil?
How's it going?
Yes sir.
Okay.
That website you were looking for, but as a niche old thing there,
the smoking gun.com.
Oh, that's right.
And I got the, I got a couple for you.
How about Georgia favorite, great AT&T?
What is it?
Great AT&T.
Oh, okay.
And the bottom right here too.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And Joe is a gaggy suck.
Couldn't leave that out.
Okay, thank you pal.
I know the TV.
So you're.
Georgia gaggy sucks, okay?
Greg hate you.
Georgia gaggy sucks, okay?
Greg hate you.
Georgia gaggy sucks, okay?
Greg hate you.
And you know, there's a certain rhythm to those two, you know what?
Yep.
And they do need to be on there both of them.
Are they really?
Well, they're going to be.
Now, since we put Greg on there, we don't want to let Muffa feel left out.
How about, uh, get off this instant.
You know like that?
Sure.
For good friend Ken.
Oh, look at this.
The Republican Theocracy by Ellen Goodman in the Boston Globe.
See how the way of this stuff all seems to come back to Boston.
Even that little girl that had a cold, had a sniffle.
Oh, she's got stars.
They were Toronto.
I am so nauseous from that.
Ellen Goodman says, as a certified flap watcher, I'll look back on a Rick Santorum
controversy as the quarmorant of its species.
See in the very first sentences, God, words that were looking up.
The quarmorant?
Yeah, the Big Bird.
Oh.
It took an enormous amount of energy to achieve a modest lift off and then it
flopped unceremoniously back into the political ocean.
The flapping began after the Pennsylvania Senator offered his comments on the
Texas Sodomy case.
If the Supreme Court said that you have the right to consensual sex within your home,
then you have the right to bigamy.
You have the right to polygamy.
You have the right to win says you have the right to adultery.
You have the right to anything.
This brought outrage from the usual and unusual suspects.
The log cabin Republicans, the masochistic wing of the gay movement protested.
Another great liar.
Oh, God.
The list of that misgride you silly queen.
The log cabin Republicans, the masochistic wing of the gay movement protested that he was
tarnishing homosexuals.
O, and alert, the leader of the breakaway Mormon sect protested that he was tarnishing
polygamists.
Meanwhile, the White House kept its lips zipped except to say that the Senator often
described as the original compassionate conservative was an inclusive man.
When the aircom, many wondered why nostalgia for segregation had taken down the number
one Republican Senator Trent Lott while gay trashing it left the number three Republican
unharmed.
But all in all, this was less a flap about homosexuality than about theocracy.
Centurum opened another front, the ongoing inter-seeing battle,
the struggle between what maybe described as the she-eyed and suing wings of the Republican party
or if you prefer between Taliban Republicans and suburban Republicans.
Let's go back to our friend Rick Santorum.
Last year he told the Catholic newspaper that JFK's vow to separate his faith from politics
was wrong and has caused much harm in America.
Judy Brown of the American life league said approvingly,
Senator Santorum is a very good example of the Catholic who practices his faith
24 hours a day.
He doesn't leave it at home when he goes to the office.
This may have a nice holistic green to it until you remember that this government
was found in a separation of church and state.
And the line has gotten increasingly fuzzy under Bush too.
It's not just prayer meetings in the Attorney General's office.
It's not just abstinence only education and the rather heubritic assertion
that God is on our side in battle.
It's on the home front too.
A couple of weeks ago there was a flap that didn't even reach the Santorum altitude.
In an article that I bet his paper titled America's Education Evangelist,
Rod Pade's the Secretary of Public Education,
expressed his preference for college education.
All things being equal, I would prefer to have a child in a school
where there's a strong appreciation for values,
the kind of values that I think are associated with the Christian communities.
Nobody say to those who disagree with him, I would offer them my prayers, he said.
I know this is what's called playing to the base,
but the base is awfully basic, even a fundamentalist.
Remember what Jerry Falwell said after 9-11?
I really believe that the pagans and the abortionists and the feminist and the gays and lesbians,
all of them who tried to secularize America,
I point the figure in their face and say, you helped this happen.
Pat Roberts and none of his head in agreement.
Now, fast-forward to the list of people who have been nominated to the Theocracy,
excuse me, the judiciary, among those who are debt-relatively moderate
is Bill Prior, a Korean Alabama Attorney General,
nominated the D. West Court of Appeals for the 11th Circuit.
Prior not only worked with Roberts and to defend student-led prayer in school,
he also defended the judge who displayed the tent commandments in his courthouse.
At a public rally, he said, God has chosen through a son Jesus Christ,
this time in this place for all Christians to save our country and save our courts.
The same Prior wrote in an Amicus brief in Texas,
in the Sodomy case that might have been dictated by Santorum,
except for Prior's belief that protecting homosexuals would also protect
necrophiles.
How's the hunchback in order to name it?
The Taliban are the suburban,
the Republican Party has patched together a coalition of those who want to keep the government out of your pocket,
and those who want to put the government in your bedroom.
But these Theocrysties are giving them more trouble than the Democrats.
What do you say about a law that lets police break into an apartment
and the rest who went for having sex with the wrong person, Tally Ho Taliban?
Before they sent toarm flat when flat,
it rubbed some of the compassion out the conservative, memo to Rick,
a swing voter is not a swinger.
Memo to the White House,
what happens in the privacy of a home
may show up in the privacy of the polling booth.
I am Fraa, Ili and our Roch Ledman,
and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels,
and listening to the near Rochet, a Munista hour.
Take higher!
Wooo!
Wooo!
Wooo!
I think my friend is right.
Hover and hotter is burning right through my role.
Yeah!
Push, push, push, push,
I just sent my guy to Rio de Valle.
If the police display me,
I go low which way do you go?
The explosion of burners in Walker
takes the correct route just like Walker.
It lets up the better guy burn your muscles.
Just a bunch of burns in Walker's muscles.
Wooo!
I want to go to the White House!
I want to go to the White House!
I want to go to the White House!
I want to go to the White House!
I want to go to the White House!
I want to go to the White House!
I want to go to the White House!
Wooo!
Hover one is 560 W,
and that was a great segue between Iliana and Ethbit.
I like that.
Who served in the military from the website,
AWOLBUSH.COM?
It's on our website today.
We certainly don't have time to go down the list,
but it is interesting looking at the prominent Democrats
and the prominent Republicans,
and to see their distinguished service to their country.
For example,
prominent Republicans speak for the House,
then he has to avoid a drafted and served.
Former House Majority Leader Dick Armee,
a void of the draft and served.
House Majority Leader Tom Delay,
a void of the draft, didn't serve.
He said so many minority youths had volunteered
that there was literally no room for patriotic folks
like myself.
Ha ha ha ha!
All my hemorrhoids twitch when I read that.
House Majority Whip Roy Blunt did not serve.
Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist did not serve.
Former Senate Majority Leader Trent Laude,
a void of the draft did not serve.
But Sura waived a mean pom-pom.
Too bad he's not around now that we got these...
Sura, these pepper alleys going all the time?
I mean, he's still in the Senate,
but he's not the cheerleading at the top.
Secretary of Defense Don Rumsfeld served in the US Navy 54-47
as an aviator and flight instructor,
served as Reagan Special Envoy of the Middle East,
a med with Southern Hussein twice in 1884.
George W. Bush decided that a six-year National Guard commitment
really meant four years still says that he's been the war.
Ha, it says.
Question mark.
Vice President Cheney several deferments
deliathed by marriage in his own words
had other priorities than military service.
Oh!
Do you ever hear of that as an excuse?
Sure, I'm busy.
Yeah, I got other priorities.
I got another fish to fry.
I get lost.
Attorney General John Ascroft did not serve.
sought deferment to teach business ahead at Southwest Missouri State.
Jeb Bush, Governor Florida, did not serve.
All of a sudden, the mean building increased those local phone bills.
What would you get to that?
Carl Roll, who avoided the drafted and served to busy being a Republican,
says.
Former Speaker Newt Gingrich, who avoided the drafted and served.
Former President Reagan, due to poor eyesight, served in a non-combat role,
making movies for the Army in Southern California during WWII.
He later seems to have confused his role as an actor playing a tail gunner
for the real thing.
B1 Bob Dornan, avoided Korean war combat duty by enrolling in college acting classes
and listed only after the fighting was over in Korea.
Phil Graham, avoided the drafted, not served, had four student deferments.
And then listen, Republicans who did serve a distinguished senator, John McCain.
Silver star, bronze star, Lee's, and a merit purple heart, distinguished flying cross.
And then it says, why did the Bush campaign swear to smear him so badly?
Former Senator Bob Dool, an honorable man who served.
In fact, he behavior, a saying, an autograph.
Chuck Hagel, two purple hearts and a bronze star for Vietnam.
And then it's got the prominent Democrats and lists an amazingly,
most of them, representative Dick Hurt, served as company uniform 65-71.
David Bonnier, served as company uniform 68-72.
Senator Tom Dachel, served as company uniform 69-72.
Bob Kerry, Medal of Honor in Vietnam.
Daniel Inui, Medal of Honor World War II.
John Kerry, Silver star, bronze star with combat, and three awards of the purple heart for a service in combat.
Charles Rangel, bronze star, Korea, and then it goes on and on and on.
And this is listed as the full chicken-hawk database.
Now you understand what that expression came from?
I like, of course, what it used to be.
Right.
566-70560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Governor Boyce sent Bill that could lead to the record rate increases for local phone service.
Legislation that could lead the record rate increases for local telephone service was passed there.
They bought a Florida house and Governor Jeb Boyce says, awrye-wrye.
The governor who vetoed some of them, now do we have an updated store on this sub?
Beena Boyce, because I put this on the website.
I'd hate to put on something that was updated that would be embarrassing, wouldn't it?
As far as I know, no.
Well, I'll look.
I'll look as to put on an updated store would be a no-no.
You know?
No.
Well, kill some time for a second, okay?
I don't know.
The governor who vetoed similar legislation just a year ago, six months before his reelection,
is already indicated he would sign the new version because it gives more authority to the PSC to control rates.
The House passed the measure 93 to 20 to Florida House.
The Senate approved the Bill Wednesday, 27 to 12.
Consumer groups, including the AARP and Florida Legal Services, have opposed the bill containing.
It doesn't guarantee increased competition.
It would increase rates for those who can lease, afforded such as poor and elderly people who make too long distance calls.
How do you like that?
Now, it still, this is, it looks to me like the same still story.
Florida telephone customers should prepare to open their wallets, legislators on Thursday gave final approval of the biggest local phone rate increase in the state's history,
and set the measure to the governor who is expected to sign it.
I was thinking maybe there might be an update on it, but that's the update on the sunset, okay?
He'll sign it because he's not running for reelection right now.
Although I understand you've got some devious plans.
56650560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon line. WQAM, hello.
Call. I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
You missed dial? No, he missed dial, I'm sorry. How's that possibly missed dial? Do you believe that?
No. Now he panicked. Went into a total panic.
I'm not a joke. Who was it? He choked. He chucked.
56650560.560 on the AT&T line. WQAM, hello.
Hi, would you speak with Neil, please?
Speaking. Hi, Neil. I'm one of your daily listeners I called in several months ago,
and I just wanted to say last night I don't know how you felt, but when I watched the president get out of the house.
I didn't watch it. I don't want to hear of it. I want one second of it.
I had my husband said I refused too, but when he got off that plane in that uniform holding that helmet,
and you know, here he was, AWOL.
Please try to make up for that time that he disappeared when he went AWOL.
Exactly. Well, they say this is all going to be for the political convention,
but I just want to let you know that I have read every book that you have recommended
from Stupid White Man to the Honey of the President for Bid and Truth,
and last night I have been so disheartened with the journalist,
but in Tom Broca, especially, but last night he showed Colin Powell sitting there pointing out
the five things that they had against Sodom and his saying,
and then today, you know, as of last night, none of those things that he presented in front of the UN,
nothing has been presented.
So maybe the journalists are coming around because I think America is waiting out.
No, I don't think so.
I hope you're right, but I don't see that at all.
Every time I even, because I try to avoid CNN and MSNBC, we don't have Fox here, thank goodness.
But I try to avoid watching it all because it gets me so depressed,
but every time I do go by the channels, all I see is another puff piece and more flag waving
and more patriotic rallies, and more isn't this wonderful.
And here's another ceremony on a White House lawn, and all I hear is a bunch of so-called journalists
just suck it up and endorsing all of it.
But the thing is, that's true, but the American people have to begin to see through this.
We've got 44 million Americans unemployed.
We have 20-something million without help and insurance.
Oh, no, I've got bad news for you.
What?
Scott Peterson's new attorney with a big mustache.
Mark Garragos, you know, the professional talking head on Larry King with a big mustache.
Right.
He's going to be Scott Peterson's new attorney.
I'm sorry, go ahead.
Oh, they're gone.
I just turned on CNN to see what they were showing right now.
Again, I said Americans, you can wave all those flags and you can do this and that.
But when you don't have jobs and you don't have health insurance and schools are closing and veterans aren't getting benefits, we cannot be that stupid.
I mean, you want to bet.
You want to bet?
I bet anyway, you just keep it up because you were the one my husband, you know, told me three years ago, he said, listen to this man.
He's ahead of his time.
And because of the problem, I had it by the, that's why I'm in Canada because the least up here, we're on the same, we're on the same year anyway.
Yeah, we'll keep it up and thank you.
How are you feeling?
I'm real good.
Good.
Thanks, huh?
Have a great weekend.
Okay, bye-bye.
By the way, go back to this list of the chicken ox.
Yeah.
Really interesting one that I left out, but I shouldn't gloss over Colin Powell.
Yes.
What are we to make of Powell?
It says on the one hand, a long career as a military manager on the other hand, accused of covering up the Meal I Massacre in Vietnam.
Back on that first hand, one of the seemingly sane voices in this administration when it comes to a rack released, he used to be on the other hand, a clear hypocrite.
I'm angry that so many sons of the powerful and well-placed managed to wangle spots and reserve a national guard units, he said.
Oops.
And these are the same people he's working for and with and around and about.
He's become one of them.
Oh, there's the present.
There you go.
I'm going to put it on a silicone Valley Freakonomic speech.
I know if I left it, I'm long enough.
What he wants to do.
There's a little blitzkrieg, another ass-licker.
And of course, what's his name?
Lou Dobbs.
Oh, my God.
I think Lou is going to have the hair down over the forehead in the mustache tonight.
The airfield, the aerosonic clara, California.
Right.
Luckily, it's the boy of the aircraft.
See, you know what they're so stupid, but they don't understand.
It's because of the success of Fox.
They think that Fox, see, like I told you before, it's like Rush Limbaugh.
Right.
Rush Limbaugh.
There, you've got his big numbers, his great success.
And then Bill O'Rally comes on a radio on a national network.
And a year later, he's got Zilch.
Because Rush Limbaugh's got all those ditto heads.
And the same with Fox News.
The ditto heads aren't going to turn over to CNN.
No matter how right wing they become, they're not going to turn over to MSNBC.
No matter how many Joe Scarborough's or Michael Savage's, they put on a year.
Follow what I'm saying?
Yeah.
So they're just shooting themselves in a feat.
That's all they're doing.
While depriving the opportunity for a little bit of choice on your waves,
which is what I'm hearing, I want the news.
I'm tuned into a CDCA.
The athletes are concerned that this is not a concern.
85% of the venues for the athletes.
Much in some real freaking news, as opposed to this propaganda and cheerleading.
And a bunch of assholes who used to be journalists and suits with pom-pom.
Kind of embarrassing, you know, when you turn on the network news,
and I'll stand there, my like, like there would be a football game.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Don't let me forget I want to do this other one story.
Don't forget the L.A. Times.
Medium and op-leaves have muzzle-dissented because she had this last call or she inspired me to read it.
Don't let me forget.
Okay. Don't forget.
Okay.
If you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessory, don't forget.
You've got to go to a great store called Barbecue's Galore.
Get yourself a head start on the barbecue in season with the perfect grill and accessories.
All of the Guadante Lois prices.
Barbecue's Galore carries barbecues in every price range from the top of the line commercial grade stainless steel grill to the more portable Weber charcoal grill.
Their popular three burner croquette has got a generous, a big 625 square inch cooking area.
And 42,000 BTUs all for one great low price.
You can get it on a hard wood, steel or enclosed grill cart for just $399 or upgrade to the sleek black pedestal base for just $439.
For all your barbecue needs, at the Guarante Lois prices on the face of the globe, don't forget.
Shop Barbecue's Galore there in plantation.
An university drive that's in the fountain shopping center called 954-423-1400.
And they also have a location in Coral Springs, 7485 Boyz Sample Road, right at the corner of Sample and Rock Island roads.
Call 954-757-6668.
Don't forget for the biggest selection of barbecues in the country and unbeatable everyday low prices. It's Barbecue's Galore.
We're sports radio prices.
2AM.
Bush, 5.2M!
Oh!
Don't like all the hardburns.
Don't don't don't ever see.
Don't don't don't let me part in him with you.
Don't don't don't call my TV.
Hey!
And get to wheel your boat at home.
Here you want this.
Don't don't don't let the drumming stupid me.
Don't don't don't let this drum get rich, kid.
Don't don't don't let me even.
Don't don't let me even.
He's president of the ****.
He has no care what it's up.
You got him here by the front of the Christian road.
No one's up.
You and I have one health, no fear.
We've got a great leader here.
With president of ****.
Don't be knocking on the nutty man.
I'm here as a genius who would like you.
Oh, my third man.
Good, the faction Dennis and Pharaoh who said,
Chevron, Texaco reported first quarter earnings yesterday of triple,
what they were previously.
They credit higher gas prices.
What do they just call them?
Price gouging.
Absolutely correct.
Between the oil companies and defense contractors,
the contractors, etc.,
Iraq is just a Bush administration's version of government cheese.
Right on target, Dennis.
They made all these gigantic prices off of all these profits
of a higher gas prices.
The, the, the, you know,
Moe is right about one thing, okay?
Because it's become the by word for business in America.
Gang rape is funny.
Right.
It must be funny to them because they just never stop.
Yes, a riot.
It's a panic.
Here's the circle in the LA Times by Ian Masters.
Yesterday's LA Times.
Media monopolies have muzzle dissent.
It's on our website today.
If information is the oxygen of democracy,
the United States has just been gassed,
not by weapons of mass destruction,
but by a weapon of mass destruction.
With George W. Bush basking glorious ratings
and Fox News climbing in the ratings,
we may be moving toward a coronation instead of re-election in 2004.
It was, after all,
Rupert Murdoch's U-Lateral Announcement of Bush's The Winner
in the early hours of the morning after the undecided 2000 election
that led Al Gore to foolishly concede
because he and the other networks believed what they saw on Fox Television.
Now the marriage between a government
and its volunteer information ministry has been consecrated
by the blessed victory of Operation Iraqi Freedom,
the geopolitical equivalent of an OJ meets Joe Millionaire wrapped in the flag.
Tolotarian regimes don't tolerate indistinction between journalism and propaganda,
but in most democracies,
it's unprecedented for the free press to abandon Joseph Pulitzer
for the methods of Joseph Germals.
How did it born again?
Family values administration get in bed with a purveyor of misogyny
and mayhem, trash and titillation.
The common thread for all the public piety
has to be the late Lee Atwater,
who was spread mentor and role model to George W. Carl Rove and Roger Ails,
the headhound in the Fox pound of junkyard attack dog journalism.
This undemocratic confluence of politics and propaganda
has long been in the making as a corporate media
has been increasingly empowered by a public influence
input and interest have been eliminated.
The transformation of active citizens into passive consumers
was enabled by the FCC,
Under Ronald Reagan's Mark Fowler,
who declared the perceptive broadcatchers as community trustees
should be replaced by a view of broadcatchers as
market place participants.
Welcome to America, Mr. Murdoch,
you can buy the airwaves and who knows some day the presidency.
TV's Fox could not get away with the chain with shilling for the White House
if the fairness doctrine were still in place
and radio's clear channel monopoly
would not be able to impose wall-to-wall limbaugh hand in the ensabbage
on the public if broadcatchers were accountable to public opinion
rather than the dictates of plutocrats.
How could it be in the land of the free and the home of the brave Americans
or afraid of opinions?
Where are the Tom Pains, the Mark Twains, the Minkins, the Aida Tarbills?
The set is not gone away.
It's just been marginalized by monopolies and relegated to the
interstices of the Internet.
What?
Exactly.
What we always got to have won.
But the hammer is about to drop on the Internet too.
The head of the FCC, Michael Powell, wants to give away what's left of the
store to the broadband cable and satellite providers and make them gatekeepers
or toolboots on the information highway.
It used to be that the Internet was accessed by a common carrier
the phone company, but as the counties moved forward, these new
unregulated medium monopolies have increasing control over the information
pipeline.
Without regulation, they have the ability to choose what content they provide.
Two FCC commissioners wanted to lay this hand over and encourage public
debate, but the public is largely unaware of what's at stake.
Obviously, you can't expect the limbaugh's or rallies in their bosses
or their president in the White House to give them talking points of preserving
diversity of opinion while they're still attached to sell.
So speak up, Americans.
You're a country.
They're your airwaves.
Maybe you can pursue the American dream while you're asleep, but it'll be
too late to reclaim your country's freedom when you wake up.
Ian Masters, host of background briefing on KPFKF and Los Angeles.
Right on target, baby.
And today has made the second year with that means don't you see a 30 days
from today, one month from today?
Yeah.
June the 2th.
Mark it on a calendar.
That's today that the FCC will put the final nail in the coffin of radio.
That'll be it.
It will be done.
Bob Dunn, as Mickey would say, to his close personal friend.
Oh, I said, five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60.
Am I right?
Absolutely correct.
So you just want another excuse to play that WQA.
I'm hello.
Yeah, I wanted to speak to Neil about the poll speaking.
I need help.
How you doing?
I wanted to put one in about how you paly.
Oh, I still am.
I'm surprised that one isn't on there.
Well, that's because George you've got it in his I don't have it in my thing here.
You got it, George?
I'm sneezing.
He's got it.
Okay, great.
Have a great day.
You too, thanks.
Hi.
I'm waiting.
Oh, yeah, paly.
Sorry.
Oh.
Oh, it's so shrill.
And the new deal now every morning from his hospital bed, he feels compelled to call a
beater boy in there.
Don't tell me when he calls again anymore.
Would you please?
If you think about getting paid again at any time in the future, he has a bus.
Don't tell me he's on a phone.
And don't discuss with him about beds, about anything.
Just forget that he knows me.
Okay.
In fact, if he should call say, oh, Neil died of SARS in Toronto.
Yeah, that would be a good line.
WQA, I'm hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a couple of favorite ones.
Okay.
I don't know what it is, but it's moving.
Right.
Now, do we put that on there?
Yes.
What's on it?
I'm sorry.
How about Dr. Diffomeric Catherine, Jesus?
Oh, excellent.
She has a lot of more emotion than father or tool.
Exactly.
Okay, thanks.
Well, Neil, also, Johnny Dr. Nassau?
Yes.
Oh, you mean a bit.
Okay.
Dr. Mary Catherine, Jesus.
That's good.
I mean, like I said, you can put it on or not as the case.
Johnny Dr. Diffomer.
Like I said, we like Johnny Dr. Diffomeric.
Yeah.
That was cookies.
That was special.
Well, I mean, no, he came by the one day and he's a good guy.
And I remember I turned him on to go into Europe when after he got screwed over by cost broadcasting.
And they fired his ass off the coast and they paid him off to go away.
And he said, you think I should go to Europe?
My whole life, I've never been there.
And so I encourage him to go.
I've never ran into a man and a stem, but nevertheless when he got back, he gave me the run down.
He loved it.
He had the time of his life.
Thank me profusely.
And so we came in that one day and we fed him.
We had Pony Taylor.
Somebody bring in some lunch and we fed him.
But you know, Johnny is a good guy, but he's an FN guy.
He's a 82 along the coast.
You know, he doesn't have nothing to say.
Yeah.
And he didn't have nothing to say.
And then, you know, and he killed some time and I really do mean killed it.
And he was stuck to be the sidekick because he was out of work at that time.
I hope he's doing well.
I like Johnny.
And spread it all over the trip.
So what was that cowboy place you staying out in?
Doodahs.
Doodahs.
That's right.
Doodah.
Doodah.
In fact, you look at Johnny kind of thing.
Doodah.
Doodah.
He's a good guy.
But then one day somebody came by.
Was it Freaky Carlos from our friend?
Yeah.
Maybe you just got the message on the phone.
Johnny Dark is out here.
He wants to come in and see me out in the middle of the show.
This was a couple of months later, like I was going to have him in there again to put the audience into a coma.
Uh-uh.
No thanks Johnny.
You're a good guy.
We'd be having to feed you.
Doodahs.
Doodahs.
But don't go away, man.
Just go away.
Absolutely correct.
There's 78 votes.
In fact, it just changed it again.
And it's plus 78 votes.
Uh, 63 votes for...
About 30, man.
Put the lotion in the basket 43.
No fags in the church 41.
Dying over here 37.
Your gay 37.
Doodah.
Doodah.
30.
How many is it, guys?
About 30, man.
Eyes near 27.
Mandage keychain 26.
Oi.
Oi.
22.
Nobody says that quite like Mitch Lewis, you know.
Oi.
It's just a certain enthusiasm, whether what she says it.
And he really captures the ambiance, the essence of South Florida and exactly what it is when he says.
Oi.
And also...
Rectum.
That's the American effin ways God 20.
Rectum.
Like how do you like that?
Rectum.
So, psychic yen has 20.
20 rectums.
Uh-huh.
You're moving up a little bit there, George 13.
In fact, you show you what good company, Ren, it's tied with fish food.
Would you like some fish food?
Uh-huh.
Oh, Pat Turnnell's Steps aside is FBI Probe's Conduct.
Oh, geez.
This wasn't the hero yesterday.
Pat Turnnell, the larger-than-life union chief who built Remanem Abbey Day Teachers Union, placed himself on indefinitely ones.
They were a federal investigator of his probe, whether he is in bezel dues.
I don't want to impede the ability of the United Teachers of Day to continue to represent teachers and children, Dave County said to him,
or interviewed from Tevla Hasse where he's been lobbying lawmakers in last month.
I don't want any distractions from that.
The announcement came a day after the FBI raided the union's headquarters, seizing records about how properties were bought,
trips funded, and mine distributed to Tournillo and his associates, Tournillo denies any wrongdoing.
The United Teachers of Day will be temporarily overseen by an administrator from the Union's National affiliate who will inherit the organization's...
...dire financial situation and a daunting political task of restarting Stalt Contract Negotiations.
Is there anything good going on a day?
No.
Is there anything like, are there any politicians who can be trusted?
No.
I'm not saying, you know, he deserves his day in court, Pat Turnnell, I don't know one or the other.
But it just seems to me that there's always this taint, this kind of...
...your Roma that can smell all the way up here.
The United Law is his fourth-wing democracy in the U.S.
Why the U.S. do you...
That's the only correct answer.
That is great, Bobby Mercer from Madison, Wisconsin.
How I didn't even know there was a second verse to that limerick about Man Tucket. It pays to stay in school, doesn't it?
But anyway, let's bring out our next guest here on America's most untelated kid.
All the way from Seattle, Washington, here to sing, let me entertain you.
Won't you please give a warm welcome to Little Dicky Ficker Nickel!
Dicky!
Let me entertain you, and we'll have a real good time.
Let me entertain you, and we'll have a real good time.
Dicky Ficker Nickel, you know, Dicky in that little green suit, you look like a Pimp leprechaun or something.
I don't know, it's just...
Anyway, Joe, what did you think?
He sucked.
Okay, when he sucked, eh, though...
I'd say the same thing, he sucked.
Okay, suck number two, Jerry.
Really, really awful. I would just say plain sucky.
Ooh, Dicky, that's a nice score. It sucks sucking a sucky.
That's quick enough to have you qualified for the finals next week.
I'm sick, I can't wait!
All right, good luck to Dicky, and we'll catch you next time on America's Most On!
Till I did kid, goodbye everybody.
Perfectly good, and this one during that grade, so I'm watching CBC, which I have under an insure everyday,
and they're like doing news, you know, like real news stories.
So because of what that lady was saying in the article, I just read, I flipped over to CB, a CNN and MSNBC.
Oh, I've been here. Thanks for the word.
The US is Abraham Lincoln, we've got pictures of sailors on air.
Hey, sailor!
It ain't airy fly-sure, it's a set of a message.
Hey, sailor!
And the wires in there hugging their little babies, and then I switch over to MSNBC.
Uh-huh. I guess what's on MSNBC, yeah.
Thank you.
That's touching.
Now, you are his girlfriend, his girlfriend.
Now, have you spotted him?
No, what we thought?
Yeah, I'm gonna tell you right now, seriously, if there's anybody in this audience,
or anywhere in the world who really is stupid enough to believe that this is news.
And I can understand if this were the variation rather than the norm, if this were the exception right,
then I would say, okay, well, let's put something on here like a feel-good kind of a story of puff peace.
But that's all there is.
This is all there is.
Non-stop total opportunities, and non-stop pepper alleys.
That's what the talking heads are involved with, round the clock 24-7 now.
Ready, huh?
Maybe.
And she's putting a microphone up there.
Are you on the MSNBC?
No.
I have no.
She's got the microphone in the face of this little kid.
He's about three years old.
What's he gonna say?
He's gonna make a speech?
And he's like any three year old kid, like looking at her, like scratching his head, like what the hell do I want, bitch?
Yeah, right.
Oh my god, and this is going on non-stop round the clock.
Home, there's on it.
What was it like when you first-
The other young couple, say it over there's a wife and young baby.
I can stop shaking.
I was very excited.
Very happy.
What did you say now?
Oh.
I just mentioned these things in passing, okay?
I mean, wouldn't it be just like a little bit of balance, a little bit of truth, a little bit of really what's going on?
And the fact that the electricity is still out most of the most of the Baghdad, and that they're continuing all the stuff going on.
Now, we don't want to tell you the truth.
What we want to do is go step along, because we want to be willing co-participants in this, so whatever the hell this exercise is called.
Fashion?
I think that's what I was looking for.
560-560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I'm dying out of hands.
I have no life.
I need you out.
It's good.
I need you out.
I need you out.
I'll take some calls.
I'll get all more written depressed about it, because I didn't going to change.
If you really want to know what's going on in the world, go to the Internet, at least for the time being, until they start digging with that too.
Go to the Internet, read a whole bunch of stuff.
And certainly don't waste your time with the weekly readers.
The news paid the two-day reasons how 40 won't learn nothing from them.
W-D-Q-A-M.
You know how to go on?
Okay.
I don't quite know what you call, but it's a lady going home.
You know God or something like that.
You know which one that is?
Sure.
Yeah, that's great.
And one is your personal one.
Trust me when I tell you.
Okay.
And one other thing, my stod here?
I'm still here.
And you're still there.
I must be a maficist.
You know, I got it, man.
I listened to shit yesterday.
You listen to what?
N-N-N.
Oh, Schmett, I thought you said something else.
Pongers, man.
This whole thing was a system.
President Lannan on the flight deck and all this stuff.
I think I go to the seat, so it's beyond the read.
It's not.
And this is newsworthy.
What's going on here today?
It's just basically making things easier.
Well, that's your compound, man.
I know, bro.
Take care of them.
Hang on there.
Hang on there.
To be honest with you, I'm sorry.
That was that other pull.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pong, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Oh, this is a good story.
This is kind of cute.
Put a little smirk on your push.
Sodom, scene in London.
We have it on our website.
Now do we have the pictures that go with this or not?
But of course.
Of course.
Leave it to being a boy.
He doesn't miss a trick, man.
That's what they said at Treasure Island.
Sodom was saying it appeared to turn up in London today.
This was yesterday, as dozens of hopefuls attended auditions to find a look alike of the
former Racky Dick hitter.
Short, thin, clean, shaven ginger haired in in one case, female candidates.
Oh, it's those British women, you know.
Who thought they bore resemblance to Sodom, who's still missing after the Winer Rack assembly
of the Riverside Studios in Hammersmith, England.
They were handed army jackets, black berets, and false moustaches, and asked to walk across
the stage in wave to an imaginary crowd.
Chouts of next, Phil de Auditorium, as the Sodom doppled gangers, Grinminiocally, gave
regal waves and attempted to strut around the stage despotically.
What is a doppled ganger?
A shape shifting creature that copies its victims.
I see.
Charlie Shark, 21, a computer support worker from Isle Isle Worth, said, a colleague said
it would be a good idea to come down.
I've had 13 years of Joseph work ever since Sodom invaded Kuwait.
The localizer needed for the West End's satirical review, follow my leader, which is due
to open at the end of June.
In Presario Raymond Goubae said, we had no idea who was going to turn up today, but
I'm pleased to see we've had one or two good examples.
And if they were unsure, they could just go to Baghdad.
I'm sure they'll find dozens.
Whole bunch of localizing Baghdad.
At least.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18T line.
The mad dog at one.
Oh, right.
And then we got 80K for Hank from Vegas to three.
Josh Friedman briefly for a fat half hour.
7, 7, 7, 30.
Wouldn't that be a great idea for a show where he could just get off his sports?
Lunch along with Josh.
Huh?
I think it's a winner.
I think we got a winner.
And just listen to the sounds of, in fact, Josh and the Beast.
Right?
Having a feast.
A feast with Josh and the Beast.
I think it a 40 share.
At least.
A third man.
As they just said that we could have food brought in ponies, he'll bring it in and just
a whole bunch of folks.
So, a corkies?
Yeah.
Sure as hell be talking about that stupid same sports crap every day.
Line and local.
We're sports radio 560s.
UAM.
One moment, please.
You having a problem there, me?
A beater boy?
Yep.
Yeah.
Is he going to do something or is that it?
Oh.
?
Oh yeah, we're searching
All up for the weapons of the structure everyday
We're gonna get searching
Ooh, no, no, searchin'
I must say, searchin' for the new city away
I have no idea
But I don't think we'll ever find them
They're buried there in the first place
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Don't find them
Hi, son of a wafalo
I know, come house to house
And wonder if they're a hunter
New validate the spin of all those white house dogs
If you still need no Vincent to live
Watch your sea and head
All the doors are lying from
Ooh, baby
But we'll keep on searching
Ooh, no, no, searchin'
We'll keep the hand of the blue dog
All the new city away
But you know they ain't gonna find them
No, ain't never had them in the late
12.43, this is just in San Diego
But the good news is, bush to speak on economy 12.30 on CNN live
12.50, I'm sorry
So we've only got seven more minutes to have to endure this naval attack
Also can launch missiles, S3, Vikings
We've heard that when Eric flashed yourself these images
He said, oh my god, see food for lunch
That's what I heard
You think you're gonna miss understood? Maybe
So now you understand why I absolutely refuse to watch any more than necessary
CNN, MSNBC, and certainly not FoxFascist news
And the worst news of all being, Mark Garagos
See, you look at all of this and you say to yourself
Either I've lost my sanity or I have to do everything I can to escape from all of this
But secondly, you know what I'm saying?
I was questioning it there for a while
It's just the same old same old, it never ends
Mark Garagos, an anti-grace, an anti-grace, an anti-grace, and his margaragos
And of course our very close personal friend Larry
We'll be having his nightly panel and here's Mark Garagos with a big Mustang
Who is defending a Robert Blake when I was busy defending Scott Peterson
And what's the use?
Well what is the use? Because the message from the messenger is that we all must be glued 24-7 to this
And this is what we ought to be concerned about
This is what our lives should consist of is the swill that they're feeding to us
The propaganda, the bull crap, the photo opportunities
Just tell me, good year is on the shore
I'm serious, I won't let's see, I'd like to break his kneecaps
You know, I hate to say that
Why? I would like to, huh? Why would you hate to say that?
I am enjoying saying it, I'd like to break his kneecaps
We'll flip screen
What an ultimate shield
I mean, Lou Dobbs, at least he finally came out of the right wing closet
But this guy who pretends to be a journalist
You know the day that CNN really went down to Crapper?
Is that the day the one Bernard Shaw retired
You're right
Oh, he wouldn't have put up on any of this crap
But nevertheless, and maybe for the right price
Now this facts from Carl and Sedona Arizona, do you ask a bean of boy about this?
No
So as I can't find the article on your website
You read about 30 minutes ago concerning the profits of several corporations
And their role in this war for profit can help me find it
I don't know what story he was talking about
He said, he's going to be about what is it?
It's a yesterday story, the one that you read yesterday and you reread it today
But what is the heading on it, you know?
Find out, can you make a couple seconds?
I'll give you a, don't see, there he goes again
You've got him conditioned to being too a pressure pack there
Just relax, take your time if you find it great
If not, time's up
Time's up
Not seriously, I mean just if you find it great, I'm sure the Carl will appreciate it
Because he's an avid listener on the internet
He says, keep up the good work there, more of us than the goose stepping meaty will allow us to know
Love you, Neil, love you, etc. and so on
Oh yeah, now that's one
All the way, you never play that
Jen probably could have said so embarrassing
Hi
This is Jim
Love your show, Neil, love you
That's Randy, that's the god of Jesus
Husband or I guess that's what we call him, isn't it?
It's her other
Her other what?
Her other exactly
Her other penis?
You know when there's a list of things to check off at the bottom there's always other when nothing else applies
Oh, that would definitely be him, his her other
That's how he fills up
When he fills out the thing where it says sex, MF or other
What is it now?
The title of the article is Defense CEOs or big winners of Iraq war
Right, Defense CEOs
Thank you, Benaboy, Nate, you can find that on the website if you go to the page from yesterday
The features page, right?
The features page, click on the features page on our website
Which is really great now because now Benaboy's got it by week
I looked at that yesterday for the first time in a while and that's getting just better and better
If I were somebody, I don't want to mention no names because it is Friday and it's the long weekend
But if I were somebody, I'd be so embarrassed and ashamed and humiliated
The fact that this little punk came in and turned a once
Baron website
Into one another gets routinely over quarter of a million hits every day
And I will re-state what I said yesterday and it's got nothing to do with jealousy around
Although I would like more and more people to see it
But when you look at that sludge report from Miss Sludge on air
And look at all the drudgery that she puts on
And realize that there are millions of people clicking on it
And I still say look at it again today
We saw that huge picture of George W. when that silly outfit on
I flew the plane, I flew the plane ride
Yeah, fly away on this
And then you realize he's getting those millions of hits and there's nothing on it
It's just basically a black and white page, occasionally a color photo and that's about it
Just a black and white page
With about 50,000 links and that's it
That's a website
Oh, oh, you got Bill Snyder on CNN
He better not say something controversial or cut him off
People continue to be on the agenda
But he wants to focus now on the economy
Because Americans are very worried about the economy
He knows what happened to his father when he was...
Yeah, that's right, it's going to happen to him too
You wait till Bobby Graham till B.D. by AdVyam
I hope that'd be great, we'll have our own candidate for governor
It would be nice
It would be nice
A man that's got the balls, a man who's been telling like it is
The real story about the threat of terrorism in America is opposed to all of B.S
The bull crap have been getting all the lies, the propaganda
You go, boy
W.D. Q.A. and hello
Nail?
Yes, sir
What are you doing?
Great
I just wanted to tell you a wolf blister
It's biggest foamy on the face of the earth
I used to work at the end and back when they actually gathered news
Right
One time I just give you a wolf blister story
I'm not a wedding with him
In mid-sentence, he walks away from me
He doesn't even leave an effort to pretend that he's listening to me
He's an asshole
He's from Buffalo
Anyone from Buffalo, like wolf blitz, are usually people from Buffalo
W.D. Graber is the only person from Buffalo I've ever met in my life who was like a decent human being
There you go
Say hello to Hyde, how we meet her for me while you're up there
Okay
And you have a good day
And Ted Brande, the Bill Barilco too
Very good
See ya
And Fawster Hewitt and Bill Hewitt
Oh, you know what?
See the whole show is just about passed on much and all this propaganda there and propaganda TV
We go right back down state to tell you why
That's right, the South Jersey pine barons are beautiful
You can tell if the leaf season is over they've got fishing shows on leaf TV
Yeah, it's true
The show that's on right now may believe some America they show a hockey player's fishing
I guess they might as well because they're not playing hockey now, at least not the ones who play here
Oh and there's church-yield downs, look at that there's Hank riding the horse
No audio though, damn it, I hate when that happens
There's Hank on a big, yeah fat one
W.Q.I.M.
Hello
Yes sir
Hey Neil
How you doing?
Yeah, I'd like to give you a horse for the Kentucky Derby
I think if it comes down to a street fight at the end which it will, Buddy Gill will be the one with Gary Stevens
Who breaks his number eight post right next to India Express by the way
I know, I know, they flood it out in the sand and eat a Derby which I'm sure you stop
Right
Okay, hey Neil hold on to somebody with a telly sign
Neil
Yes, man
Bobby Churro, I love you Neil
Okay sweetheart
Alright, bye-bye
Bye-bye
Indian Express, Kentucky Derby, now let's see Dave Johnson picked the chalk, he picked the favorite empire maker, Jerry Bailey
Six to five in the morning line, you know
See and now this is probably going to be the favorite finally wins which really really happens in the Derby but
I'm just been burned so many times, you know chalk especially in a big feel like that breaking from the 12 post not for me
Or now was it the pole position is that what most said?
Just stop and think for a guy that's supposed to be doing sports
Does he know anything about throw road racing?
No, harness racing, no, hockey, no, homos
Yeah, that's the only age that I think he knows about
He seems to have like a lot of expertise on that especially that movie with Fagadorin
Right, did you ever hear that character before we ever saw that but still had before he infested in it and you don't want to either
Did you see the original archaic apple?
Sure, your ages ago
Oh, the the the bother by the way Jacob that was named Jacob
He was a panic the black color
And I keep thinking of that scene where he put on those shoes that were about 14 sizes to a small
That is just choice
Wait a minute nobody on there go to Q.I.M. Hello
No, yes sir
Happy Friday to you back to you
Back to you
Been listening to you since 1990 on the guy that is the optical lab check that works for the Canadian Toronto Optometrist
Right
I don't know if you got I listen to you share the first hour this morning
Did you get I am that hemorrhoid?
No, that's a good one
I have some more that I forgot about him
I've been trying to call you for about a week and a half
I am that hemorrhoid
I am that hemorrhoid
Is that the great Joey?
That's the great Joey Joey Reynolds who said
I am that hemorrhoid
And he also said that I have my nose up meals asked
Oh, yeah, I forgot that one
Uh, calls to show you how long I've been listening
Remember the lady from Boko that time that called you three times in one day and you gave her crap on the air for the bus being so nice
Let her stand hold for 45 minutes to tell you you suck
Really? I don't remember that
And let me talk to him
Oh, I get it
He's in the bathroom wet and off of your gun
I heard that and I'm like dying
But that was some lady from Boko
Uh, she called like three times in one day
That's what I hear I hear she was from Boko and she called three times in one day
Anyway, you were reading about the seminal Indian gaming last week
Yeah
My wife and I go to Tampa a lot
And they have video slots over there
They don't check out cash like the real slots
Yeah
Now we want the real slots
We don't want that video crap
We want the real slots, man
We want it more
We want it tomorrow night at Pompooh Park
They're made by ITT, that's who makes the slots too
Well, we want them now
Okay, when I get back to town we're going to have like a big demonstration in protest
We want our slot machines now
Have a great day pal and a great weekend
My wife and mom
This is 4305 City
Anyway, you weigh
Fully correction
The Middle Easter's world
Will be exploded to dumb at people guilty
With the gas that we sold him
First time a crescent nation and
They only want that's growing
Now more blood will be spilled
To get that oil going
Forget
3000 people killed
I'm now forgotten
Let's exploit them instead
Hey, there's oil to be gotten
Going after sentown to
Plankade Osama
There's no longer mention of
And all, I'm being complacent
Will leave an every word
Of this cartel is
Minestration
That control this by fear
Through media manipulation
And a right wing
Is drilling it over
And over and over
And to our heads
And I rag pass on
Weapons of mass destruction
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying
We're all suspects now
Not the ass drop this day
I have nothing to hide
Tables on her dollars' pay
And the I know being a cattle don't have
Any reservation
Sound of provoked
Satellites
We're the nihilation
Older shins must fall
And have a virgin and stilt
With no objection at all
Till the crap don't have the palm and the
Right wing is drilling it over
And over and over
And to our parade was banned
I rag pass on
Weapons of mass destruction
Only I rag pass on
Weapons of mass destruction
Bye bye bye
Thank you for your show
Unclimbing QAN
Miami for my nails
Now it's time
To bring in the master
