Neil, my queen, God!
Last night I dreamt of Canzaco
Just like he never let my side at all
I'd wait with Obey Canzaco
He showed me just how to handle the ball
I showed Jose how to vote
So Cancaco breath was kind of vote
I took off my clothes
He kept on his pleads eyes
I miss coming round through bass
And sliding into his face
Get the shower with Jose
My Spanish lullaby
I'll just scum back and jump forward
We got some leash from where I showed him the full little time
We got our fountain votes by the way, boy
But you're like that
I like it
Aren't you impressed?
I know what at 560 WQM Happy Wednesday
It's our Wednesday noon to 1 hour coming up
The Accommodi-Pen-Hour-Do-One
Aren't you thrilled with that?
Always
I know, I'm sure
I'm making a pretty good recovery from my little TIA
My minor stroke
Then nobody seems to understand too much about it
I guess if you never had one and probably don't want to
Believe me
No thanks
But I don't have one
How's the Humber doing?
We're getting the updates on him
I heard him yesterday afternoon
And he sounded like
What have I told you about him?
Very concerned on this part over here about the Humber
He sounds bad
Then I tuned in a little later
And I heard Josh Clarence Dero
And the beast talking about sounding bad
I heard them fillin' a hank of gone homesick
Can I just give you two words of advice?
Okay
Even though this audience rebels and doesn't want to hear it
Because they can't stand the truth
Two words of advice
Fat kills
Okay?
In other words
To make a long story short
Cut the crap
That's what we're going to talk about candy and sweets today
A little later on
Rogers, almond brittle
That's the brand
I guess pretty hard for me to think of a name like
No, God
Yeah, Rogers
Everything is Rogers, Rogers, cable, Rogers, candy
No, God
Rogers, but I'm assuming it's their real name
Former Major League slugger Jose Conzaco was sent to jail
Yes, today for violating his probation for a 2001 nightclub brawl
Can Seco 38 could be held until a March 17 hearing judge Leonard Glick rule
I wonder if he's kind of Larry Glick, do you think?
Who?
The judges should arrest warrant after being told
Can Seco failed to start anger control classes and community service
And had left Florida for longer than 30 days
Which were among the conditions of his probation
Yadi, yadi, yadi
I understand that I have to take responsibility
Can Succo said
I ask for the mercy and understanding of the court
He had some issues
He had some aircraft to take care of in California
But the banjo on his knee
Do we have to see Keith Obergman anymore?
No, please
If ever you talk about a guy that keeps resurfacing like a bad penny
I'm watching MSNBC yesterday afternoon, you want to know why?
I give up
Somebody has to
Oh, okay
And I'm watching there and it's when that fat jury knockman, that fathead guy is usually on between five and six
And I'm ready to turn the dial and they got the guest on there
Peep, peep, peep, peep, peep, a rack attack, a rack, you know
And it goes back and there's Keith Obergman again
Back to the scene of the crime again
Good God
This is a guy that used to be on CNN
ESPN
MSNBC first time
Fox News, Fox Sports
Everywhere to it
And this guy is like in his own mind legendary
He'd really pontificates and he talks in a very deep voice
And he has that serious look on his face
Like he really has something to say
And he was like, he doesn't
And you want to know why?
I give up
The proof of the fact he's got enough to say is he's a sports nerd basically
That's his background
Anybody that was ever on ESPN
I mean, they'll all do respect to the Humper
I mean, you know, don't really have a lot to see on MSNBC
So he's back on there again now filling in for a fathead
God
So like I said, we have no updates, we know my dog will be back today at one
We're glad he'll be back
And we think Hank will be back at three
But I'm serious, wasn't I the one to tell you?
Yes, sir
Not one of those people that's afraid to tell it like it is
Because I'm afraid I'm going to hurt somebody's feelings
Because you know, if somebody looks really bad or they're too fat
Somebody's got to say something like, you know, put down to them crispy cream
Do something or you could just watch him die
No, I don't want to do that
Now see, one of Hank's problems
I think his biggest problem is he's a schmuzer
You know what I mean? He likes, said, you know, I don't knock it
He likes going out to dinners with all his sports buddies
And they all come into town where he goes on the road
And that's his thing
So that makes it extra hard, how does it, somebody like that can lose weight
But the last time that I saw him, which was early January, man, he had just ballooned to...
Epic proportions, I mean, just enormous
Was that my imagination or my correct?
I didn't see him
Oh, see, that's a cop out again
Just know the cop out
What, Hank? Is that, and he's going to die, that's not a cop out
Well, that's nice, that's very nice
Don't we want to do something to try to destroy it?
We would get to, but just like Mama Cass put down a sandwich
I've gone through it before, you know, Gordish-Telton
I understand
But having just gone through this little minor stroke which is my last awakening, my last warning, that's it for me
That was my last chance
Next one, it's going to be...
Oh, I see
Canito, baby, I'm telling you that right now
Our poll yesterday, in fact, should we do the poll today first, be kind of a dismission that's going to be my last?
Or should we take this...
Huh?
What do I just do?
Yeah, but why was it still on there?
I was going to take a saw-line touring and McCarlis is so quick today, he was like, way ahead of me
Miami, when is this?
Hello
Yes, sir
How are you doing, you know?
Okay
Listen, I know that we're talking about Hank, the Humper
Yeah
You saw the movie, Austin Powers, don't remember?
This guy's looking so humongous, he started really like the bad bastard
Just how they had, they had Humper from now on
The fan-hunter, okay
See, this guy's making a joke out of it, it's no joke in matter, mister
It's no joke in matter
We're talking about bursting at the seams, we're talking about he could barely talk when I heard me yesterday, when I was down there last time and he was on
I heard him barely squeaking his way through the show
You know what happens when you get fat?
You die?
All year about first before that happens, all your dead, various systems start giving out
Right?
They have to cut your feet off
Here's our poll question today, which fits right in, who would be the happiest of Neil Croaked?
Here are your choices, we've got six, I think pretty good choices, didn't put Carlos on there because I can't think of a reason
Yet
George, here's the choices, George thinks he'd get the show
Eric, no more long polls
Greg Reed, a real evil doer
Oh, he is really
In fact, I definitely give him part of the credit for my stroke, and I take most of the blame myself, being fat out of shapes
Sit on my ass down there, being there for seven weeks, which I should know better
Moe Howard David would dance on Neil's grave, Dennis the chronic professional Catholic homophob, or Geldie just out of spite
Those things are pretty good list, it's an excellent list, but I think Moe would probably do more than just dance on your grave
Yeah, what we do, like pee on it, and then we drop a lot
Can't be drop a steamy log on it
Here you go, Ginger
Rogers, almond brittle, I'm going to tell you before you die, now you know a peanut brittle is obviously
Oh, yeah, now this is very similar, but it's almond brittle as opposed to peanut brittle, and it's surrounded by thick chocolate
Oh, good God, you have never lived until you
Now see here I am on a one breath, I'm talking about on a verge of death, but on the other hand I'm also turning people onto something really good
Which they're not going to be able to find, because I'm sure the Rogers candies are not sold in the US of A
Maybe Nestle's turtleneck, maybe that woman will call him again the one that I bitched out, but I doubt it, because she and her son are very pissed off with me
They hit me like poison, too bad, too bad
In fact, wasn't that a day I was talking about being tired of all these people like that bitch they used to bring into smarties
At the hockey games all the time, at League of Toronto, I hope I run into her out on the street, although I wouldn't recognize her
Maybe she'll recognize me, oh Neal, I'm the one who used to bring into smarties at the game, I'll kick her ass right on the goddamn ground
Right on the goddamn snowbank, you heard her run into her with your car?
I don't have a car
They don't blame me, don't blame me for subsidizing terrorism, I'm not driving SUV like George and some other people
I'm not driving anything except my feet
Since I have no vehicle here, I don't need one, I don't want one, I don't want to drive
It's one another thing I don't miss, is driving, obviously after the experience I'm always done there driving with
But a little crazy people, I'm telling you man most of you people on the roads were listening to me right now
Please do everybody else and yourself a big favor, pull over to the side of the road
Okay, just take the keys and drop them in a storm sewer or something
Put them in a dumpster and walk home or take a cab or do something, get off the freaking road, got all mighty
What passes in the name and I don't care what anybody says
Yeah, there are people that go way too fast and some of the punks they want to go like 90 and a 60 or whatever
But the fact of the matter is the slow drivers are the ones who wind up killing all of us sooner or later
The slow, I told you about that little mini caravan of about a half a dozen cars who are following each other
Oldie enters in the pomp and a part of that one, I thought I was going to have apoplex you run in the street
In fact, maybe they caused my stroke
You bastards caused my stroke, you assholes, you old farts
Oi, man
I thought I looked at the cars they're just like all lost and they're like looking at each other out the window
I thought this is the ultimate jujamm right here
What the hell was that all about?
Here is our poll from yesterday
What was the most erotic movie not x-rated that you've ever seen?
Two horse race strictly, body heat, 135
Would you agree with that?
With body heat, yeah
Well, see I haven't got to the other one yet, why do you want to be such a prick?
You know, why do you want to be so argumentative?
I can't wait to be a prick
Nine and a half weeks, 126, that's the one you're not buying
And it's interesting because when I mentioned you that they be four on Monday that I was thinking about doing this follow-up movie poll yesterday
You said nine and a half weeks ago that's how to vote
And so it gets a ton of votes and then you turn around and say, well that's only because they want to be contrary
No, nothing because they want to be contrary
They're just not as repulsed by Mickey Rorck as the rest of humanity
Well, he's nauseating but again they don't care about who the guy is in the movie
I tried to explain that to you
We have this large-hunching, her male heterosexual audience
And they don't care whether it's Ron Jeremy, Mickey Rorck, Mickey Rooney or Mickey Mouse
I'm just telling you the way it is
In fact it probably could be Mickey Mouse
Oh, I sure
And they wouldn't give a crap
Anyway, so nine and a half weeks had 126
And that was it because from there it's way down to wild things with 50
And we've all seen a few wild things in our time I would hope
Basic instincts 49, blue lagoon 46
I'm not going to read all of these, there were a thousand votes and so many in single digits
Wild-worked 36, Monsters, Balls 35
Fatal attraction 34, see there's another example
They didn't care that Michael Douglas was the guy in there
Who's about a 60s of food fly but fancies himself a real sex spot
You know, those are the guys that really get me
Like Ron Jeremy and Randy West, there are two more
Maybe Randy West a hundred years ago in another lifetime on another planet
By the way, good small girl last night
Good to see that mama Kent and Clark are okay, mama Kent
Boogie notes had 28 speaking of that
I guess it must have been the package that sealed the deal
On Faithful 27 the postman always rings twice 24
Mahal Holland Drive 24 which we're still trying to figure that out
Very spooky
Cruel intentions 21, two moon jussian 20 Lolita head 20, bound 20
Which I guess Muffo is there and you were talking about bound
Do you say something about how he likes being gagged and bound?
Summer of 42 18
In fact, he'd look Muffo would look at the red rubber ball
Like the Hannibal Lecter, Mask on with the red rubber ball
Summer of 42 18, Body Double 17, Showgirl 16, Angel Heart 14
1 million years BC 13, Sirens, Chocolate, Sex Lives Video Tape
Summer lovers each had 12 and 10
The other ones in double digits, Sailor who fell from grace with a sea and color of night
That's it, the other one single digits small potatoes
Like George
That's the end of our movie stuff for the time being okay
I'm sure other people will call in and try to vuggus with stuff
And you know what we didn't care
Because obviously what QM is degenerated into as far as the colors are concerned is
Lists, did I mention this several weeks ago?
Yep, that's what they want to talk about
Lists, lists of stuff
Oh yeah, well how about, how about yesterday they were still to the pool from my Monday
Well how about most bizarre?
Let me just ask you one thing
Alright, Paper or Plastic
913 at 560, why do you think about that?
You know our good friends at Dalam actress by now
We talk about all the time
Well Dalam actress is the only smart place to go
Put the best prices on brand name mattresses with the top brand customer service industry
Well this week the deals are even better
Because the big blizzard hits the northeast
And all the president's day sales were snowed out
Because of the storm, Dalam actress has redirected major shipments of
Cele, Circus and King Crow mattresses to Florida
And through this Sunday you can get even bigger savings than usual
Call 1-800-MATT-RES now through Sunday during Dalam actress president's day blizzard sale
And get an additional 10% off their already unbelievable low everyday rock bottom prices
Dalam actress doesn't usually have sales but due to the major blizzard they're having one now
If you've been putting off buying that new mattress don't wait another minute
Call 1-800-MATTRES now
And when you buy a mattress and Dalam actress they'll come to your house
It says in here they'll come in your house
Set it up and take away the old bedding for free
You heard me right Dalam actress sets up the new and takes away the old bedding for free
And they'll clean up the mess as well
Make the call now 1-800-MATTRES for Dalam actress and drive great nights late for a long time
Dalam actress is humongous blizzard sale going on right now
Be sure and call before this Sunday to take advantage of these unbelievable prices
1-800-MATT-RES that's 1-800-MATTRES for Dalam actress
The easiest possible way the smartest way to buy you a mattress
1-800-MATTRES for the new and takes away the old bedding for free
We're sports radio 560-MATTRES
2-800-MATTRES for the new and takes away the old bedding for free
How do you have a heart or a liver?
Ladies and gentlemen, have I got karaoke cafe presents?
The other way, thank you!
I've got the UN, finest grown-up, never really showed up
All my poison and my war head
Now they're cooked, never locked under my bed
I got the factory make an anthrax noobs in kitties backpacks
There's no way you'll make me dead
Hey, call it pow-o, shut a lock under the tower on my head
God, people sing along with me because this is unbelievable, huh?
I've got the United States going crazy trying to convince people to attack me
Except for Sean Pan, of course, who's on my side
He loves me like crazy, funny little cook
Who'll get used to a life of hard knocks when I give you the smallpox
You should've locked a little harder
Silly boss, kiss the cost of this murderer
Thank you very much!
Welcome, please, keep your weight as your weight as your ship is
Goddamn it!
9.19 at 5.60 WDQM, I love that
14 quick votes, the poll is up there now
Now, let me just say this before we start, I left two out
Oh no!
Oh, we'll have to add these on, Eric
Fox News Heather
And John Gibson of Fox News
Don't you think those two are appropriate?
Sure, I think they get a vote or two or three
Pictures death link to a fedron at M. We tell the audience yesterday and we did not
I chanced high as the mole-meister for jumping the gun and I still say the same thing
Until after the autopsy, what's the big rush to judge me?
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah
Mr. Noncommittal?
Well, what do you know about it?
You know anything about sports?
Any of Baltimore Orioles, Pictures, Steve Beckler's death is to at least
partly to the dietary supplement of Fedra.
He was taken three, was popping three of them a day
And even it was only anyone degrees here, it was on an empty stomach
You had the heat stroke, as Oregon started falling apart one by one
It couldn't save them 23 years old, he's dead
Second baseball player to die suddenly in the past year, last season Cardinals
pitcher Daryl Kyle 33, died in his sleep, while in Chicago for a game against
The Cubs and autopsy revealed he had severe arterial blockage
You know what you get, I mean not necessarily, sometimes it can be genetic
But you know generally what you get severe arterial blockage from?
Fat, eat food, eat in crap
Eating crap, now let's talk about candy
Man, you're a bastard, Neil, yes I am, I want to live up to my building
I don't want to let anybody down
How's that cold coming so far, by the way boy?
Now what I was going to say is I thought, now especially since we got Ding Dong
Schooler in the morning, we got Duffinc clearance holding the morning guy's hand every morning
And you don't listen but I will say this, I think that shows Darnes sound a little bit better lately
They've actually got something going on, they've got something to say
And of course again it's a list and they get a lot of calls that way just like we did with the movies
But that's okay
And it's starting to sound like almost a real radio show I would say
Now maybe I'm wrong and maybe the audience obviously doesn't agree because the hot, not that it changes anything on a personal level
Because that's never going to change
And we were still dealing with a devious, hostile, nasty, miserable old coot
But the fact of the matter is as far as the show sounds
You see what I'm saying? Well, I'll take your word for it
No, no, no, no, no, no, the Scarlo's think
Yeah, he listens every morning
He later said they started doing the lists and now that's the way that kind of question it's gotten better
Did you say great?
No, I didn't say great
Take off those checkered pants
Yeah, cut it out, wait a second
So it is sounding better, no, it's not my imagination
There's actually like a little float of it now that they got somebody in there to hold their hand and give them some direction
I'd like to give them a direction like right out the door
But anyway, 27 votes on a poll
Who'd be the happiest if Neil croaked?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Moe Howard David had with Danza and Neil's grave 18 out of 27
That's not nice, I got 22 in line
Oh, your vera has changed
Yeah, how come you're getting the faster number?
It also means it's minus supposed to be the faster pewter, okay, mister?
So I just refreshed mine just to make damn sure I'm not
And now it's just sitting there
I got 26 on mine now
Out of 42, Moe Howard David had 26, 61.9 percent
Then it's the chronic professional Catholic homophobes 6
George thinks he'd get the show of 5
Greg Reed, a real evil doer and that's correct 3
Eric no more long polls 1 and Gildi just had a spite only 1
Don't sell Gildi short, okay?
He's devious and dangerous
Devious, dangerous and squeaky
So somebody faxes us speaking of
Because I know that this audience of all the things in the world that besides hockey
The only other thing that they don't want to hear about especially is dieting and losing weight right
But this crowd don't want to hear that
Don't paint to me
Right, that's right
Who the hell are you to be talking about being fat?
You cow, you just had another stroke, you're a fat slide, you're talking about
Food all the time?
Well the audience likes hearing about food, they love that
You wait and see today, I'll, you mark my words, okay? Mark my turd, you're a seed
Before I do the thing about Rogers truck that's its Canadian A
So that's a good news, I'm not going to start any epidemic, nobody can blame me
Unless we have some people listening on the internet up here in the Canada somewhere
Or we have the Canadians in town right now you know
Yeah, so they're not going to be able to get it there
No, but when they get home
Although they do sell smarties in South Florida
So I don't know maybe Rogers truck that's are available
I still say now it's not a poor question, but I'm just curious what people think
For example, I was thinking yesterday if you were stranded on a desert island
And you had only one food that you had an unlimited supply of, you see what I'm saying?
Right, what would you want it to be?
Some people would say like crispy cream dinner
And nobody's going to say like sirloin steak
And you know that's, and when I'm talking about body parts
You know what I'm talking about, you know what I'm talking about
But that's not the point, this is just for fun
Okay, that's for fun talk about me
You're talking about me preaching to people, this is just for fun
Are you going to be stranded on a desert island anytime soon?
Maybe
Oh, that's right, I forgot where you guys are, I forgot
Once that state falls off from a George Wright
And like kind of floats out there in the middle of Atlantic
In fact, maybe you can have a Florida and Cuba reunion
Kind of like the Moan the Ginger reunion
Since 1885, people from all corners of the world have found their way to Rogers chocolates of Victoria
Victoria BCA
Each has discovered their own reasons, their own private excuses to bring Rogers chocolates home with them
We invite you to use our online catalog
Oh, no!
Oh, no, www.r RogersTrocklets.com, pretty simple and basic, RogersTrocklets.com
During the break, I'm going to go on that thing and see if that almond brittle is on there
I'm serious, you know me with the food
When I tell you something like the Nestleys Turtle, I wasn't joking about that, that was serious business
And these almond brittle, I can't even describe how good they are
Addictive is an understatement
So go on to RogersTrocklets.com and check out their website
Maybe order you a few cases and we'll come to your funeral, we'll send you flowers
Here's Big Arnie, Big is writes me a facts on the subject of fat
How do you like that?
And let me say it again, I'm very concerned about the Humper, I'm not trying to pick on them like some of the callers are
But it's serious business now, it's reached the point of no return I think
You follow what I'm saying?
I know, but in other words, this is the moment of truth
And we're all of us fat people, I'm not pointing the finger, we're all the same
Oh, I lost a couple ounces of fat rich same thing, you know
Always talking about how much we lost, but in the meantime, a couple of weeks later you look at us and looks like somebody stuck a bicycle pump up our ass
Like a big balloon in our puppet, you know?
Exactly what I'm talking about
Wayne Arnold up and down all the time
Wayne Arnold, the human accordion
Great guy, I mean just because your fat does mean you're a nice person, in fact most of the fat people are
I know are very nice people
That's what I'm saying, I don't understand is how can you lose all the weight and then just go ahead and put it back right back up
Because it's an illness, it's like saying how can you like stop drinking booze for a week and then all of a sudden when somebody sticks it in front of you
You're drinking it again, it's an illness
And if only this goddamn world would look upon it that way instead of pointing fingers at all your fat slob
Well, got a problem, man, we got a food problem, we have a goddamn fat problem, don't you understand it?
Let's make it illegal to be fat
Right?
And have round up all the fatis
I see people for example in a convenience stores here buying cigarettes
Yeah
Do you know how much it costs for a pack of cigarettes here?
I have no idea
With all the fat here in the EST?
Right
Close to ten bucks
Now don't you think that's a great idea to help discourage people from smoking faggots?
Carlos, I have to quit today
Yeah, there you go, you can buy half a pack, you can buy one a cigarette, ten bucks a pack
Because they're asking for these fancy, they have more brands of cigarettes here than I've ever seen in my life
And candy, that's the two, well the one thing candy you go
Hockey and candy, that's candy
We got candy up the ass
927 and 560, WQAM
Hey guys, speaking of that size, does matter
And according to the Florida Department of Labor, computer professionals have some of the biggest ones in the history of mankind
And naturally we're talking about their paychecks
According to the state of Florida, computer careers are among the highest paid and the highest demand
And the demand is continuing to grow by the minute
Fast-tranking up you get your new high-paying computer career in just four short months
But you got to make the call, you're just talking about them for a long, for a coons' age now
So get with it
They've got locations in Kendall, Miami for Lauderdale and Pember Pines
And they've got day, evening and weekend schedule so they're no excuse to stay in a really crappy
That in job anymore, working for peanuts
Pick up that phone and call Fast Train at 1-866, Fast Train
That's 866, Fast Train, that's peanuts is in, you know like peanut brittle
Fast Train's got full-time job placement and guaranteed financing too
Call them toll free or check them out at www.fasttrain.com
You can have a big fat paycheck too, 1-866, Fast Train
High and low, this is 420 or 560
2 AM
The honey tune yet
They just increased us to higher alert status
Hope no one blows up my brand new Dodge Travis
I've been a Rex's big gave us the news
Popping value with a big glass of booze
I keep a gas mask in my glove compartment
I call 3 Max for a bombproof apartment
Reinforce my front door with center blocks
Wonder if that will keep up the small pots
Checking my mail for that deadly white powder
Stocking my covers with Campbell's clam chowder
Living on orange alert, sure ain't no fun
I think the terrorists already won
I can't take it, I won't make it if it goes to red
I'll pull my covers up over my head and just stay in bed
Oh, he's dead
I'm 31 at 5.60 WQ AM
I made a bad mistake during the break
Oh no, I did what I said I was gonna do
Well, if this man I'm gonna buy any
If I want to buy it, I sure don't have to go online to buy it
I can go right out to any store and convenience store
Even the shoe stores here sell candy
Everybody in their brother sells candy
That's hand-witted, the hot dog stand got candy behind them there
Anyway, so I'm on a Roger's talk and do you look at it?
No, no, no, I don't need it
And the first thing that I Roger's classics
And let me caution you by saying this
Because I don't want people to waste their money and say
Oh, that was really crap
I've tasted some of the other stuff they make too
And it's really very pedestrian and pretty crappy, okay?
And you know that's true in a lot of places
Like if you go to a restaurant, sometimes there's a restaurant where they got one or two things that are great
And the rest of what's on the menu blows
You know what I'm talking about? I do
Well here for example, they got Victoria Creams and this one
But at the bottom of this list, six down it says
Two pound chocolate almond brittle
Oh my god, 24 pieces
Two pounds
Two pounds
And I guarantee you that I could easily eat two pounds right here during the show
While you weren't, while you didn't even always eating it, you're...
Huh? I'd race you
You never even had it yet
No, but I love chocolate
I've come up with all the time I'm gonna bring a few of these things, I will
At least I'll pull
Maybe there'll be just some empty wrappers in my bag
But at least I'll have the intention of bringing them home
You bring the chocolate, I'll bring the stretcher
97 votes on the pool
Who would be the happiest of Neil Croft?
More Howard David and Wood Dance on Neil's grave, 62
Dennis the chronic professional Catholic and homophob 13 tied with George
Things he'd get the show, 13
Greg Reed, a real evil doer, six and evil doer
Absolutely correct sir
Eric no more long pulls one, Geldie just out of spite one
And Fox News had the one, what happened to Fox News, John Gibson? Huh?
Who wrote that whole piece of it that big song advanced about, I'm this and I'm that, blah blah blah
All this other crap, what about him?
I don't know, what about...
Speaking of people that keep bouncing from one another and that work to another one
John Gibson what a kiss O.J. on the ass by the way
That he's out of his little local reporters job on a West Coast
So here's the facts from Big Arnie who says you're inspiring me not to be Big Arnie anymore
You're right, it's too dangerous
I have no health problems right now but need to drop weight before I do my wife has lost 43% of her body weight
While I've dropped maybe 10% a year and a half, I've used the excuse of eating because of stress
I guess it's more stressful than I from the fat, good point Arnie
I'm gonna lose the weight so I won't be Big Arnie anymore
This is for you, you don't even have to read this over here if you don't want to but I did
I did it just to try to inspire you Arnie so you live up to the, we don't put a lot of pressure on you
But you better do it or else
Okay, has he got it? No
I love this story about the woman chased by the fake aliens who on the TVB show
Look at that, we better take a couple of calls here because they're gonna get really upset and then they'll run away
What the hell was that in the beginning there where we hit a whole bunch of calls all lined up Carlos and then they all ran away
Probably people, probably people want to take shots at Hank
Oh, this here's a lot of, here's Fort Lauderdale, hello
Hey, Mia, love your show, man
How about the White Lauderdale for your poll and Corn Dogs on the island
White Lauderdale would like me to croak?
I don't know
Corn Dogs? Yeah, for your, for if you're on an island, Corn Dogs
Yeah, why you like Corn Dogs?
I love Corn Dogs
You love Corn Dogs? They're the best
Okay, well listen, watch out for the old Corn Hole
Here's a guy who loves Corn Dogs, they're nasty
Like you said, pedestrian, sure
They're like a ca ca ca on a stick or something like that
Ooh, man, I could understand if he would've just said like plain weeners, you know, something I can relate to
But Corn Dogs?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line the best
See, I've got an I wrote down candy or something but just best food
Like junk food that you want to have if you only had one unlimited supply of one kind of food
On a desert island somewhere and we're not talking about human body parts
Speaking of Dwight, Laura Deaccombe
I'm not talking about that Dwight, okay?
Look at this poll, Mohawar David had would dance on my grandfielder on the pressure already
112 votes and he's got 70 of would dance on my grave if I croak
I wonder what his reaction was when he heard that I had this stroke
Probably the same as everybody else in town, I know
Did you see anything in the newspaper about it?
No!
You see Tom Jicker writing about that? No, he's busy writing about network TV shows again
Tom, you're an idiot, okay?
At least you're consistent, you haven't written about anything local in about 400 years now
Anything about, forget about just me, anything about anybody
On the local scene but I'm supposed to be out of touch
Mohawar David at 70, Dennis the chronic 16, George thinks he'd get the show 14
Maybe you and Moe could do it like a tap dance together
On my grave, that would be cute
Greg Reed, a real evil doer, eight Fox News Heather two, Eric one and Guilty one
We still don't see John Gibson on there
Well maybe Eric doesn't want to put John Gibson on there for whatever reason
Maybe Eric likes John Gibson
Here's Miami, hello
Neil, yes sir
Yes, you forgot Reverend Jones
No, but Reverend Jones is the show, Reverend Jones is just trying to go on
You can, you can me, Reverend Jones would be in the evening morning for months, what the hell would he do?
He would never really call him
Yeah, but this is not him, yeah
No, it's not
It is not your gay
That's not him, it's not even close to being him
George, what are you, what are you on?
What kind of drugs are you doing?
It's not me and I was just going to give George a couple until
This guy sounds, this guy sounds about as much like Reverend Jones's
I sound like guilty, everybody else is talking about
Says his name except for him
It's not him, go ahead
Not him, it's not me, but your gay, no I'm just kidding
All right Neil, love the show
Thanks, goodbye
That was not him, him or one of his stuages
No, I'm going to jump out the window, I really am, and I'm way up high in the sky
I don't know what you're talking about, he doesn't have any stuages
Why are you, what are you talking about?
He's talking about voices, nobody else mentions his name except him
That is not true
Okay
Absolutely, when we took the poll on the chronic callers, Reverend Jones had a lot of votes
You know, Reverend Jones, right?
That was not him, it was Carlos, was that him?
Sounded like him to me after you played the your gay thing, but I'm not sure
I don't know his voice good enough, well he's not a gay
I will bet both of your lives on it that it was not him, okay?
That's how confident I am
Okay
That it was not him
What is, man?
This George, talk about an uptack, no one of they hate you, man
Just loosen up a little bit, look at what happened to me, lighten up a little bit
I'm light, I watch, yeah, we know that
I watched Smallville last night, I go to bed about 10 after 10, I'm lying here
I'm on a virgin fall, I'm asleep the phone rings, I go running to the room, I don't have a phone in my bedroom
I go running to the other room, grab the phone and there's the depressing Norma Kent
Norm, don't call me anymore unless you got something meaningful to tell me, okay?
If you can't get your money from Greg yet, it's par for the course, I don't really, you know, what can I do for you?
And he's a big shot, he's a Panthers an Oonisper center one and the Merleins are going to do that
And Buh Buh Buh Buh Buh Buh Buh Buh Buh Buh Buh Buh Buh!
Ten minutes, I'm sitting here on a phone, not saying a word, you know?
Mm-hmm
He starts out, oh, what's this about, you had a stroke as if you're very concerned
You know what I'm saying? I'm not saying he's not concerned but he should be concerned enough to let me go to sleep
I get up at six o'clock at a goddamn morning Norm, let me sleep all right
Don't be called people at ten o'clock at night unless it's an emergency
Like maybe exciting news like Greg actually paid you what he owes you
And by the way, Greg, you're still a liar.
Oh, yeah, they have the lawyer call them up and say,
oh, don't sue us for the money.
Isn't this something that you have to keep suing these people
to get money that they owe you that they admit?
It's not like the money is in dispute.
In other words, they admit they owe you the money.
And then they end up,
we're going to have, you'll have the check on Monday for sure.
That's meaning this past Monday.
Did he have the check?
No.
No, he didn't have the check.
But what am I going to do about that?
So do I need that stress?
Do I need the stress?
No.
It would be like, you calling me at one in the morning and saying,
by the way, you're still suffering from the effects of the stroke.
And by the way, my wife just threw me out of the street.
You know, as if that would be a big surprise.
What am I going to do about it?
Nothing.
No, not a goddamn thing.
I wouldn't blame her for throwing your ass out on the street.
In the first place.
Especially with your attitude today that you're so hostile toward these people, man.
Not hostile.
Hostile.
No wonder I have to beg for calls.
You chase them all away.
It was him.
By the way, speaking about hostile McGill's not him.
And say it said that.
Wait a minute.
Who called?
McGill.
Yeah.
McGill called and said that.
Yes, it was him.
So it was not him.
He sounded about as much like Reverend Jones's McGill does.
And tell him the girl to butt out, okay?
When we start talking about Castro again, then McGill can call in, okay?
Professional spick.
Professional grease ball.
We're not interested in your opinion, okay?
McGill butt out.
Silly goose.
Fony baloney.
Oh, yeah, I love the bedtime stories.
Yeah, right.
You're such an ass sucker.
Well, I'm going to next time I come back, I'm going to stick Doreen on him.
We're going to time McGill up, stick him in a corner there and let Doreen have her way with
him.
Think that'll straighten his ass out.
Yeah, we're going to toss him on his new bed from Dalmatians on big new macros.
We're just going to lock him down in the middle of it and let her surround him with her outpouring
of love.
20 till 10 at 5.60 WQN.
I've been telling you about the health benefits of olio med.
God, I wish I had some.
And I'll keep telling you because the stuff really works for those who are taking it.
Of course, you have to take it or it doesn't do much.
Olio med soft gels contain pharmaceutical rate olive oil, not ordinary olive oil, but super
concentrated, bloated with health benefits.
Even the old geeks and Greeks and Romans knew that.
Olio med every day can help reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol, Arnie.
Plus there are 14 different olio med formulas to choose from.
Each one combining pharmaceutical rate olive oil with vitamins, minerals and herbals to
support specific needs from bones to blood pressure to the immune system.
Just choose the formulas that are right for you.
Now there are three new olio med formulas.
One to help you sleep at night, especially when a phone door ring at 10.30, weight management
and cook you 10 for your heart.
You'll find olio med at publics, records, wall greens, whole food markets, Navarro and
sadanos.
You can order it online if you like it, olio med america.com for information call 1-866-olio
med.
That's 1-866-653633.
Get your olio med today and start feeling the healthier almost immediately if not
sooner.
Right in local, we are supporting O560CUAM.
This is Ward.
Not as pedophile.
There's a little woman.
All right guys, knock it off.
Hey!
Hey!
Are you being fat fruit cake?
Guys, that's not nice at all.
Now, I'm going to cry.
I'm going to call your parents is what I'm going to do.
Let's face it, being a house husband is hard enough without having to worry about the
laundry.
And thanks to new simply clean with bleach, I don't have to worry.
Simply clean gets out all the tough stains like grass stains, coffee, picks, the f*** this
charge, dried on f*** like on this t-shirt.
So when my wife gets home, my laundry will score an A-plus.
I need a home.
Well there he is now.
New simply clean with bleach.
Get's up the f*** dirt.
I'm 45 at 560 W-CUAM.
151 votes on a pool who'd be the happiest of Neil Croak.
Moe Howard David would dance on Neil's grave, 88.
Dennis the chronic professional Catholic in homophobes, 22.
Not even a contest, is it?
Yeah.
No.
George thinks he'd get the show 21.
That's where the battle is between you and your friend Dennis.
My buddy.
Greg Reed, a real evil duet, 12 Fox News Heather, 5.
Geltie just out of spite, 2 Eric no more long, pulls one.
And John Gibson, a Fox News, it probably should sound her, but I don't mind get picky because
the Eric will get more votes.
John Gibson, none.
Now here's an excellent thing.
Did you read this whole thing?
They used to send me this, yeah.
Facts from West Palm.
Mm-hmm.
Outstanding.
I mean it's a little sick.
Yeah.
And that's the way we like it on the show.
In regard to today's pool, I'd hate to think anyone would be glad to see you keel over.
Here's my alternative to the pool.
What do you think?
I think it's a great thing.
Which W-CUAM personality will be the first to croak?
Neil, Hank, Moe, Geltie, Mad Dog, Josie, the beast.
Anyk, Mark, Joe, the big-
Oh!
Joe Rose, George, etc.
I think he's covered him all, hasn't he?
Pretty thorough when he left off with Kimba Bo camper.
It's a list of them all.
That way you're showing no favoritism or bias.
Then he goes on to say unfortunately my vote would be for the hammer, although he'd only be even money in Vegas.
I've yet to see Moe, but he sounds like an old cocker who may give Hank a run for his money.
Don't get me wrong, I don't want to see anyone go, but this would be an interesting pool.
I think he's got a point, don't you?
I think it's an idea.
Well, you want to eliminate today's pool and put this on there instead?
No, we can save this for tomorrow or something.
What's the right...
It's the QAM death pool week is what it is.
That's bad.
I think it's death.
What else are you going to do about it?
Not too much, I guess.
Here's a call from Jupiter, hello.
Hey, Neil, it's a rough...
How are you, sir?
How are you?
About Hank, you know, you hit it right in the head just passing his schmoosing.
You got to have a balance and he's out there and it's like I hate to say it, but so far gone.
You know?
I mean, you can't...
His whole thing is eating and party, meeting people, but without that balance in your description,
maybe think of money placed on Waparthin men.
Remember that part?
That's a prehistoric story.
Yeah, Mr. Kislo.
It's sad because I like the hammer.
We all do.
I mean, most of us do.
There's some people hate him, but there are a lot of people hate me too.
But the point is, it's just a tragic.
You see it happening and there's nothing you can say or do.
I mean, I keep trying to take these shots on you or hoping, because I know we listen to hoping that I can convince him,
just to put whatever he's eaten down.
But you don't know like an alcoholic, and it's bargone as he is, and I hate to say it.
I mean, what's he going to do?
Get a stomach staple or something?
I mean, really, it's draft and measures.
At this point for the guy, you know?
We're in the wisdom lock, and no more wapathin men.
No more crap.
Okay, thanks.
See, there's a guy who at least wishes everybody well.
Right?
He's not sitting out there rubbing his hands and glee, hoping one of us is going to croak, because we're obsessed with fat.
But it is true.
I think if Hank would like, change the balance, like a few more strip clubs and strippers,
and a few less dinners at all these restaurants, see what I'm saying?
More keto strips, less strippers.
Right.
Exactly.
Isn't he diabetic?
Yeah.
Okay.
Fat rich.
Is he diabetic?
Is he?
Yes, I say.
Am I diabetic?
Yeah.
I've lunch here by the way this morning was 101.
That's good.
Well, it's good only because I'm damn sure I'm making it good.
I mean, if it wasn't good this week after having that stroke a week ago Sunday,
if it wasn't good now, I might as well just jump out the window.
See what I'm saying?
Yeah.
What would be the point?
Although there are other people, and you see they get the messages,
and they have all their different, they're taken out their organs one at a time.
It's like the smokers.
You, you heard about the smokers.
They put them in a hospital, they make them put a tube in their lungs so they can smoke through the two.
They smoke through the neck.
So they're into the nicotine.
A hole in their neck they're smoking through.
That's what I'm saying.
They're smoking through a frickin hole in their neck.
Jesus.
Freckin.
No in their neck.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on it.
So we got corn dogs so far in the other little, huh?
When you think the audience come up with something a little bit more tempting than corn dogs?
Those corn dogs sure are special.
Go man, go corn doggy go.
Here's Pompano, hello.
That corn dog is nasty.
What is he had a lack of corn dog?
He must spend too much time at the county fair or something.
If you're going to be at the county fair, at least get the cotton candy.
Cotton candy.
How about some form of candy, anything other than a corn dog?
Nobody's going to give me something specific.
I thought he was going to say a Schmidt-Kead bar.
Even that'll work.
But you know, it's funny you mentioned Norm Penn, I co-produced this show.
You co-produced this show?
Yeah, I feel in, actually this week I'm filling in for somebody who's taken a day off, a week off, actually.
Who's, name I won't mention.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But, uh, this is funny you mentioned that, I'm out of Norm.
Because, uh, any, any who, uh, corn dog, that's the worst.
Okay.
Oh.
And what time can I read that?
If you co-produced this show, pass the message.
Don't call me anymore late at night, okay?
I just got you having a stroke.
I'm trying to get some rest.
People are cooperating.
Muff got the message.
He sent me a little thing on the internet.
I went on my, uh, on my email.
I took a look at it.
It was great.
And that's it.
He didn't bother calling me again yesterday.
And don't do it anymore, Muff.
Till I let you know.
Don't give me the high sign.
God.
You're like, somebody calling you three in the morning.
When you remember those puking, horrible, sick, flu episodes, you've had, right?
Coming in and going home with that, and somebody calling you three in the morning saying,
or are you sick?
Right?
You know what I'm talking about?
You get what I do, of course.
Leave people alone when people are not feeling their best.
Leave them alone.
Let their body have a chance to heal up.
What is this called?
See how you were doing.
Christ.
What?
Wanted to call and see how you were doing.
I don't want them to know how I'm doing.
They'll, they can listen to the show and hear I'm doing just fine.
It's going to be sunny and 38 today, 36, whatever.
Uh, this, what a little snowy God is going to be melting.
Everything here is wonderful.
Leafs, one last night came from behind.
Four, three over Caroline, over the Hercun's.
What more could you want?
Even a Panthers one last night.
Oh!
What the hell more could life be, okay?
Then maybe some Roger's almond brew.
That is dangerous.
Sometimes if I, and I probably shouldn't talk about it because someday,
somebody's going to point the finger at me and say,
first it was the goddamn fish food.
Right.
Then it was the bagel bites from whoever the hell makes that.
And then that wasn't bad enough.
Although the bokeh burgers, at least nobody's going to get fat from those.
Are they still around?
Oh yeah, they're in the supermarkets here.
You bet.
And they're good if you like.
I'll tell you one thing.
If you like burger king, you like the bokeh burgers because they taste like rubber.
Rubber on the out.
Huh?
No, they're okay.
The bokeh burger really feels like they've got them up a little bit with a slice of tomato
and onion and put little spices on them.
They're not bad.
I want some cow.
You want some real meat.
Yeah, that's what I'm feeling, too.
I like some real meat, myself.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 pound, five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
And I do want to say this.
As much as I'm getting really sick of that business between Chloe and Lana on the small
bill, they had her dolled up last night with the first night to hold it since the show has been
on it.
She actually was prettier than Clark.
No, seriously, she looked really good last night Lana.
You know what I'm saying?
She looked great.
She always.
No, I'm serious.
She really looked stunning last night.
Either was the makeup or something.
She got lucky or I don't know what it was.
Maybe you can get lucky with him though.
No.
And that part of the story that's a one, one complaint about small bill.
The stories are very compelling and very exciting and very action packed and yaddy yaddy yaddy.
But I'm getting really burnt out and that whole story line thing with Lana and Chloe and
they're like both got the hots for Clark.
Why don't they understand?
Maybe he's not interested in them.
He floated.
Right.
Maybe he's more interested in like he's maybe gay.
That could be it.
Maybe he wants to rub oil on Lex's head.
Maybe he'd like to, maybe he'd like to turn him into the oily bird or something.
I don't know.
Flex Luther.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Sadly you have become a shadow of your former self.
Really?
I mean your show is devolved into the Neil and Psycho-Fantic George show.
Yeah.
And so why are you listening?
I tune out often.
Well then my suggestion is do it right now before your brain gets any more polluted.
That's another one of those chronic regulars.
Right.
My show is degenerated to the Neil and Psycho.
I like the show.
I'm more having a good time.
See that's what he doesn't like.
We're having a really new back up there and you're in a good mood and you're not dying.
Yeah and that's right.
We're very satisfied.
I'm very pleased with the way I sound now after having a stroke.
Everything is going great.
But there again is another nice stuff from South Florida.
Not hey how you doing you feeling okay.
Your show is degenerated.
But this guy's listening every minute of every day.
He's a chronic.
I mean it's one voice.
I mean you thought that the other guy was Mr. Reverend Joan.
This guy is as chronic as the day is long.
Yep.
But he's got a sick offentic.
I don't want to go with it.
Psychrophantic George.
Yeah.
I thought George is being rather sick myself today.
Like you know, a hundred and a half old.
So this is one of his lackeys.
Oh brother.
How about Jim lackey, the harness driver?
It was him.
It was not him.
Just kidding.
Are you trying to give me another stroke?
I know.
Oh please God don't.
In spite of what the poll says.
Who'd be the happiest of Neil croaked?
Moe Howard David would dance on Neil's grave 111.
Then is the chronic professional Catholic homophob 28.
George thinks he'd get the show 25.
He sure working on it now.
He's pushing it.
Greg Reed.
A real evil.
A real evil.
There were 13 Fox News.
Heather's got six.
Gildi just out of spite for you.
Watch out for him.
He's the he's the chigger in a wood pile.
A Gildi.
He's dangerous.
Eric no more long polls one.
And John Gibson.
A Fox News has one.
Sarah we pushing Eric a little bit too much.
They're good.
He deserves it.
956 at 560 W.
Kim speaking of losing weight.
Speaking of not being so fat and sick all the time.
Here's the answer for you.
Delight the West Boko.
A great store that's the one.
You know something that last chronic.
I'm trying to tell you exactly who that was as a matter of fact.
Yeah.
Was that Mitch?
Well that was one of those, you know, one of the little crew.
One of those.
One of the QAM wrecking crew.
Anyway, over 600 delicious low carb food products in this one great store.
Sure front atkins or.
Skatkins are named at the low carb diets.
This store is dedicated to you.
Be sure and check out the new low carb tortilla chips in original or pico gallop flavor by
carbon sense.
And with a great tasting no carb rucheta by Walden farm you'll be in.
Shnack heaven.
You'll be popping it right in your.
Puss and the food too.
So whether it's carbolite ice cream breads, chips, muffins, cheesecakes, pasta and sauces.
Delight the West Boko is the place you're going to fall in love with.
You can sample before you buy it.
They've got an eligible staff open every day seven days a week from 10 to 10.
They carry the most complete line of Atkins brand products anywhere in the universe.
And the good part of the deal is always 25% off all day every day.
So like I said, it's atkins or any other.
Zillion low carb diets.
This store is one you'll fall in love with.
The number one low carb sugar restore anywhere.
Delight the West Boko on the northeast corner of Glades in 441.
Next to Boston market or called tool free.
One eight seven seven low carb or check them out of the web at lowcarb.com.
Don't forget there's only one Delight the West Boko your official Atkins retail center.
My and local.
This is 420560.
How are you way?
You way.
I told you don't bother me while I'm in here.
I sir.
Hello.
It's Nikki Moss.
Oh Mr. Mouse good morning.
How are you?
What the hell are you doing to me?
Nothing sir.
You're freaking killing me.
No, I'm not.
I'm not saying that Kelly called me every three minutes.
Why did we move the process?
Sir you told me to move the process.
I didn't tell you when you must have misunderstood me.
No sir you said move the practice to Monday.
Hey hey listen but wipe.
I'm the boss.
I make the decisions you take the heat.
Right.
You move the practice.
Okay.
How are we doing with it anyway?
I am mad.
Hold on.
What are you doing?
Remaz.
Yeah.
You've shot the hell up.
I'm on the phone.
Remaz.
Hi there.
Yes sir what was your question?
I'm killing you.
I'm going crazy over here.
Between David Kelly and Michael Jackson called me every three minutes.
I'm going to go out of my freaking mind.
Hold on.
Remaz.
Get here you boss.
Stop it Remaz.
I'm going to fall apart.
Stop falling apart.
Remaz.
Remaz.
Remaz.
It's one thing to my hand Remaz.
That's your penis.
It's my other hand Remaz.
That's the phone boss.
Right.
I can't hear anything Remaz.
Stop slowing the floor.
Sorry.
I said sir.
The moves are working out very well.
The practice is fourth and it's time slot and moving out.
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
Michael Jackson thing was a rating success.
Of course.
Hold on a second.
Remaz.
It's a book.
What the hell are you doing with a harmonica Remaz?
Wait a minute.
Don't tell me Remaz.
I'll jam that thing down your throat.
Give the food burn away from me.
Come on, Blublubl.
I'm allergic.
A eyesdower.
Sir, over 25 million people.
Shut up, Eisner.
Listen.
Yeah, you see me what I'm doing here?
So you're on the phone. I know I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing?
You're imagination for crying out loud. I'm moving my hands up and down. So I decide I'm the puppet master
I say it you do it now Fox is gonna air all the stuff that you cut out of a Michael Jackson interview
But sir you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him look like that
puppet master me
Oh
What the hell you doing
It's nothing wrong with the floor Remus what's this in my ear?
That's your penis both my other ear remus
That's the phone remus get out
Get out
Yes, sir killing me
I'm sorry sir killing me. Sorry killing me softly
10 out three at five sixty WQ I am how's my sick of fans doing down here? Oh
Just like so Lynn Samuels who is one of my sick of fans emailed me instead if you go to
Ready.gov wwww.ready.gov
Tom Bridges got some real amusing crap here if you depressed from the US Department of Homeland Security terrorism forces to make a choice
Don't be afraid be ready
Preparing makes sense set an overview
And then it's got all these instructions making a kit water and food clean air first aid kit supply checklist be informed biological threat chemical threat nuclear threat
Radiation threat make a plan creating a family plan deciding on staying or going at work at its school and its sediment so on
Tom Ridge remember the tremendous sense of humor all we could have fooled us
Here's a fact from one of our chronic factors is the Reverend D. James Kennedy praised daily for your demise
I think we should have had him on air too knows you without a doubt. Oh wait. No
No, well, I'm just trying not to be a sick of it. Oh, I see Reverend D. James Kennedy ought to be on air Eric
I just mentioned that in passing from the Coral Riz Presbyterian Church in Fort Lauderdale
One of the virulent anti-Semites in homophobes in history the human race Reverend
Who's on who's on all over the world by the way and at the sunlight thing is spreading love spreading hate
Here's a fan also this I'm surprised even semi this about the
Grotesque thing stapling hang space that's bad
We've already done the pull on the Ergis personnel the MQ. I'm already been there and done that
Thank you very much. You hostile a bastard you see this this is what they like they want to be able to take a cheap shot
That's what they specialize in right unlike us, which we would never do that
Got forbid bunch of cruel heartless bastards. What's wrong with you people anyway, huh?
Look at the look at the number on the pull. I got two two two me two two two
222 votes would be the happiest of Neil croak Moe Howard David would dance on Neil's grave 129 almost 60%
Makes me feel very bad then is the chronic professional Catholic at homophobes 31 George thinks he'd get to show 29
Greg read 14 Fox News Heather 11
Yoldi six Eric one and John Gibson to Fox News. He's got a small one in fact the fact says
I'm as used to refer to John Gibson as the ghoul because of his facial scars
What a concept that quips calling someone a ghoul it says he also described Gibson as one of the dumbest factors on TV
Which was more to the point Gibson rose to fame because of OJ like many OJ trial benefactors has no real news credentials
And you are absolutely correct
He was a flunky reporter at LA when a whole OJ thing started
Sorry about your stroke. It says your second one. I think yes
What were your symptoms and was it diet related? Yes, it was it was fat related and it was also
What do they call sedentary related sitting on my ass for seven weeks in South Florida eating like a pig and
That's it
Little blood tacos your lungs cuts off your circulation your brain and like that
little stroke
Took me only a 10 hours in a hospital convinced him that I had a stroke and it took my friend doctor
Hampton tell me that I was right and it's played in the exactly what happened. Well, what do you know?
I know my craft is right. Oh my strokes, mr. Okay. I've stroke a few in my time
5 6 7 0 5 60 palm 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
Here's Miami lakes. Hello, hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hey. I'm really sorry about your stroke man
I know you had one a few years back and this man you've got to stop
Living the 7th area lifestyle you know how to control the stroke from happening again. I don't know why why you don't do it
Yeah, really
If you know what you can do to avoid a helicopter excuse me, that's okay
If you know you can
Avoid it. I don't understand why you don't do it
What does that mean if you can avoid a stroke if you know what the reasons why you know what I'm doing
I've lost eight pounds in a week. I'm out walking every day as much as I can in the abroid or weather
But it's not that bad anymore. I'm doing a lot better now than I was there
So you've tried to explain you when I'm there. It's a death wish
It's Florida. That's well
It's it's it's out floater. There's nowhere to walk. There's no real exercise
I said on my ass in fact some of my days were comprised of sitting on my S four hours at work
Then going home and sitting my ass watching TV and then going to the track and feeding my face and sitting my ass for another five or six hours
But you're absolutely right is it this lifestyle down here is from your car to the mole from the mole to the car
That's hard to the food to the restaurant. See here. I don't have a car
It's true. I don't have a car. I walk more here already in Islam
I've been here for about five days. How about more in these five days than I will down here in five years
Yeah, absolutely right. I'm originally from New York City in New York City
At least they walk down there right that's right. They take the subway they walk a my triglyceride level is is very high
It has been very high up to 800 so I think yeah three to four times a week
I walk in the morning to reduce those triglycerides are reduced my triglycerides are 78
That's fantastic. Yeah, it is that's that's supposed to show you just because my cholesterol wasn't too bad my
Their triglycerides are great that alone doesn't get the job done because when you're sedentary
Just like when they tell you when you travel a long flight on a plane
If you don't get up and walk around you can have those deep veins from both season get the blood clot
And go to your heart of your brain or whatever and cloak. Yes, same thing. Yeah. Well listen
Take care yourself really well
I like you around for at least a few years at least one person down here in South Florida
Okay, I'll get my vote for for George. I know you want your show even though the show's terminal
I know that you want your show. I can't believe that that you didn't put Rick Sanchez on that list. He hates you like poison
He does who doesn't he? No, no, oh he loves you. He's my buddy. Oh, okay. I don't know all those skits that you did
I thought maybe this guy that's why he left Miami because all those skits he did about him
It could be okay. Have a great day. Cool. Yeah. Take care yourself. Thank you. Thank you
See a lot of people out there that can't separate the fact from friction
You know what I'm saying? They can't separate the radio stick from from the real. Oh, don't tell them it's not real
Oh, okay is real see there you go again. You can't stop can you?
We're not even talking about the Middle East. We're trying not to talk about the war thing as we're trying
We're trying and maybe I'm wrong, but I really don't care. I don't want to get bogged down with it
You're wrong. I beg you again. Go to our website folks go to your rages.com and look at all the great bedtime stories
Nari'll find for all the intellectuals out there. You'll find some really good stuff
All the stuff you need to know about what's happening and really happening with the Bushmeister and with the allies and the people
Used to be our allies all of these good things about the Iranians who've already marched into a northern Iraq
Into the no fly zone
You're ready to cover their own ass and also and of course everybody standing back rubbing their hands waiting to split up
The spoils, you know and waiting to hook it up to the freeway in spigot
Just go to your margis.com and check out the bedtime stories those of you who read which most people don't
Here's my any hello
My any Neil was mine. Yes, sir that was Reverend Jones
Yeah, okay, and the second would you please feel before that he's gay?
One of yours who your people real comedian Zim for what I please tell Zim for the these gay. Okay, you're gay Zimper
560 505 60 pound 560 on the 18t and provide you notice how they're really responded to my thing about the best food if they run a desert
I only had corn dogs. I think that says a lot about South Florida corn dogs with me would be almond brittle
Rogers almond brittle not even a contest nothing even close forget the fish food forget about the Nestle's turtle
Rogers almond brittle
Here's West Palm Beach hello
Neil yes, sir
The godfather guy
Yeah, I told you about the book. Yeah, I got a new slash
Something that you were really enjoy
Go to two cows dot com and download Mario Puzzo's
Screen Sabre there got to be like 60 black and white pictures
To keep rotating on your screen saber of all the godfather one two and three. Let me ask you this. Why would I want to see that?
Because you're a godfather guy
But I mean haven't I already seen those a million times in full color?
Why do I want to see them in black and white because it's nostalgic and it brings back memories and you like it?
So I thought I might like it. No
Okay, have a great day. Oh
My you know something now I'm starting to have like a relapse you want to know why cuz I'm talking to these people
I realized that I am in a very good mood and I'm here and it's just like a whole different world
And these people they are even even the first couple of words from their mouth. They all sound so depressed
They sound suicidal don't they right? Just my imagination. Oh, we're all stuck down here
We're just like you wanted to blow his brains up, but I'm being you know like Santino said, but I'm being
Well, I'm not gonna have time to sit around here looking at old pictures from the godfather in black and white
That are revolving and rotating and purchasing a web of that house. He said
geez
Good galley miss Molly. I think we ought to put it on it. Let's loop here. Here's the uh message from South Florida Neil
I have no line. Oh, I forgot
Excuse me
See out aside out of mind
145 say Moe would dance on my grave. He'd be the happiest if I croaked in way these calls are going so far
I think that could happen during the show today right on the air
Thank God it's Wednesday. We got our noon to one hour to bail us out
George thinks he'd get the show 32 Dennis DeKronk's got 31 the two you are like side by each battling it out
Greg read 14 Fox News Heather 12 Geltie six
Eric two John Gibson a Fox News appear and Reverend Kennedy who just went on his already got one
You want anybody to know it but he's got one 1013 at 560 WQM South Florida if you outgrown your home
Is your family getting bigger maybe need more room at home for an office and nursery a sewing room
Maybe one of those emergency shelters or a new master bedroom or bath we need more space for your place
Called our guys at strictly editions strictly editions is your one stop shop more space for your place
With a worry free approach to a spaniour living space they show up exactly on time when they say they're gonna be there
You won't have any hidden charges their experts at pulling permits so the work gets certified on time
And for the new year you can use your income tax return to get all the work done
All you people out there shopping for new homes. Why go through all the sweat by the time you sell buy closed movie might as well
Just pull some equity out of your current home and call strictly editions
You'll pay for a new addition to a home that you already love call strictly editions today at 9 5 4 7 9 1 8 100
Would you like to have a nice bomb shelter on your house 9 5 4 7 9 1 8 100 their license
They're insured professionals for a free estimate call Craig or Patrick today
9 5 4 7 9 1 8 100 strictly editions. Gonna save you time
Brought to cash and you won't have to move to improve get a whole new house with the same address
Call 9 5 4 7 9 1 8 100 4 strictly editions and tell that old PD lady told you to call
My life and local this is 4 3 0 5 6
Way
Yeah, they don't have a piece
All right
If you cannot find the summer bomb or rag oh
If the markets are a drama bomb or rag
If the terrorists are frisky
Pakistan is looking 50 North Korea is too risky bomb or rag
If we have no wildlife with a bomb or rag
If we think that someone's business bomb or rag
Oh
So to hell with the inspections let's look up for the elections close your mind and take directions bomb or rag
Fall in line and follow orders bomb or rag
For our right vaccines are orders bomb or rag
If the green will call the trees and let's make more than half the season even if we have no reason bomb or rag
Oh
10 18 at 5 60 WQM the mad dog is back today at 1 we got hank at 3 which we haven't heard any change on that
So the hump will be long hopefully feeling better 3 to 7 you got her cool hotline at 7 the big oh
We'll be on from 8 to 10 which is more than long enough at the what is that the NFL combine? What is that? I don't know
The NFL combine that was farmy quitted
Out at 10 o'clock as Eddie K from GA and Joe and Mark overnight who can't get their own website because clearance is a hardass
The combat is uh who her all the NFL scouts get to watch the players work out in the
19th of fricking February mister we got an NFL combine show tonight. Yes, sir. You have to be shmitting me
No wonder Josh Street and try to knock the crap out of the big oh, I don't blame him
Isn't that what happened allegedly allegedly, but it really didn't Josh Street was in and they're sucking around with moan guilty this morning boy
Talk about that's Britain fat
So they just they had the ready dot go thing on earth. Thanks again, Lynn
See she informed me and we got it on here. We just they had a CNN that new website
www.ready.gov if you want to see Tom origin all those childish those juvenile suggestions and how you and a family can save yourself from the
Impending disaster that's coming any minute not that we want you to panic you understand that but
Just relax
You and before that they showed this dog did you see the thing of the dog on the Pasek River any ice?
No, that's stranded
That's what we said. I mean they got a rescue thing going on
Would seem to me that they must have helicopters with pontoons right
In be they do at least we did we hear right
So it seemed to me that would be the way to go because the dog is out there like an ice thing and he's looking around like
You know where the hell is somebody already come and get me and that's very depressing, you know
I mean you're a lot of people I can think of wouldn't mind if they were out there right at ice barge but the dog, you know
Woman chased by fake aliens whose reality TV show
Carole blank thought she was being chased by a space alien in Los Angeles on a way to where posh Hollywood to home all in the end of this to chopped off
What a shame remember I said it was gonna be copied this because it would be better right but the end of it is all chopped off
That's because probably because it's from what's his name the grudge report
You want me to re-tax you the other one?
No, but the alien turned out to be an actor in a monster suit and the party was phony as well
So now the Los Angeles grade school teacher and aspiring actress is fighting back
suing the new TV reality series tactics
What is it something tactic? Care tactics. Care tactics. See that's such a chop off claiming she suffered severe emotional damage court papers
It is today stupid bitch now what that'd be a good poll question would you rather be more scared being followed by a space alien or any legal alien
Well, what country blank suit the sci-fi channel the producers the scare tactics into actors for
Scaring or so badly that she had to be hospitalized several times for physical injuries and severe emotional distress her lawyer said
Langstead she was a non-consenting and unwitting victim of a hidden camera show with a science fiction twist
How do you like that? I got to see it. I do anybody for that anybody by any almond brittle yet
So the one fool we've got so far from this very astute audience that they like to have if they were on a stranded island
And they can have as much of it as they wanted but nothing else is corndog
Oh
At least they eat
Rather my head starting to spin again
268 votes on the pool
Well, who'd be the happiest of Neil croak? Moe Howard David had would dance on Neil's grave
160 almost 60 percent
They think that he's that evil that hateful that much of a miserable nasty old cout and you know what? Yeah, they could be right
George thinks he'd get the show 37 down dentist the chronic which that was him before the one about the a show is the generator
I was gonna say something but that was him
You know they get the other episode that previous episode. I was just gonna keep an awesome
No, no, I thought about it because I did not say I recognize the voice and then I was he's got kind of that blank
Yes, so that was him
So we've had Reverend Jones alleged and definitely dentist the chronic who's still listening by the way
This is a guy who's busy calling Moe and everybody else
He doesn't belong on the year and I won't risk till we get him off the air and he's discussing and the meantime
He calls the show he still calling the show he can't turn it off
And even the audiences on the adentist every time we take a pull and put his name on look how well he does or badly or depending how you look at it
They're on the ad they've heard your crap. They know what you're all about on every radio station by the way
Dennis the chronic professional Catholic homophobic 32 votes trading George by only five
Greg Reed the real evil doer 14 fox news. Heather that bitch 12
Gully just out of spite six Reverend DJ Kennedy three already Eric no more long pulls two and John Gibson of Fox news has got a small pair
Corn dogs. What do you say? Oh, I've started this for it. I wouldn't I would not touch the corn dogs
That's got to be one of the nastiest things that you can ever even dream about
Saturday afternoon microwave food if you have kids
Fui North Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. What's up? How you doing sir? I'm good. I'm glad to hear you're doing all right. I'm okay
Yeah, just okay
Even though you're having a very morbid poll today
So yeah, one way it's morbid. It's just being honest. That's all the honest show
We just know that if I quote there'd be certain people who would be very happy about it
But then they'd have nobody to hate they'd have a fun for you
Oh, they did find somebody that the hateful people always find somebody to hate. Don't you remember that song by Jefferson airplane somebody to hate?
I you know I crawled I was um so I don't employ for a while
I've been like searching the web I looked on Bermuda.com because I live in there a while and there's a link to your website there
Why is that why is that I don't know because I think I turned on a few people and they liked you over there
How do you like that? Hey, hello Bermuda even though you can't hear us they can though. I see it. I still listen to you get out of here
Bermuda I swear I still I see you in the web. Do you have any idea how far out into the Atlantic Bermuda is?
650 miles so how about can I hear that signal when you go out and 441 and it's like
like that and they can hear us in Bermuda the web oh I see well in the web they can hear us anywhere in the world
I mean that's goes without saying we used to all meet at the coffee shop and talk about your show. Oh
Well, you're pretty exciting place. Oh man. It's chronic. Is this chronic is this place? Mm-hmm
Yeah, I believe it's more about the guy that wanted me to spend my afternoon looking at Godfather pictures on the internet
I mean it I almost forgot what he's called's were coming from so I probably took it with a little too hard on him
So I figure I figure that since we have nobody to blame for his blizzard I figured it was a
Sodom's doing for the blizzard maybe that's a good reason to attack
Okay, have a great day
5670560
pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless line got a whole bunch of stuff here by the way Albert Tron
Survey backs US radio consolidation
This is one of the most ridiculous stories I've ever ridden my life and they're doing it because all their big clients like
Teapchannel that's what they wanted them to say and it also says that in the historic we'll get to that maybe oh the state of oral sex
Don't let me forget about that
What state is that in mr. Cippy?
I think that's why Rick we've removed there just before he passed on to the great football booth in the sky
How safe is oral sex that question's been on the tip of many tongues ever since AIDS raised its deadly head now
What this is from the village voice by the way now?
On experts said that philatio may not be rescued all at least what it comes to spreading HIV
Dr. Jeffrey Klausner who heads the sexually transmitted disease prevention effort at San Francisco Department of Public Health
Based his conclusion on a new study of 239 gay or bisexual men who reported no anal or vaginal sex and no injection drug use in the prior six months
98% said they'd given head without condoms
28% said they knew their partner was HIV positive and although a 39% said they had swallowed semen
None of the men became infected
The risk of HIV transmission via oral sex
Cousner maintains is and I'm going to read this exactly the way it's printed
You'll see it on our website. This is on the state of oral sex. He says is very very very very very very low and maybe zero
Did you get that are you pushing that homosexual agenda again? The risk of HIV transmission via oral sex
Maintains is very very very very very very low and maybe zero
A 2002 Spanish study supports Klausner's views speak
researchers there followed 110 women and 25 men all HIV negative for 10 years each participant had an HIV positive partner
The investigators estimated that over the course of the study the couples engaged in 19,000 acts of unprotected philatio or cunnelingus
None of the negative partners converted in other words got infected
Got it got it that's good. So there you go
State of oral sex is uh, no, no, no, no, not suggest him. I'm not recommending. I'm not endorsing
I'm just reading to whatever it says and that's in the very very left wing village voice follow on the same
I get it. I mean, I don't want to be sick of antics. Oh no
Okay, Dennis. Look it upset with you again. That was Dennis
That was Dennis calling it a critique our show and it's become very ponderous
I sick of anticliddle George just because you won't suck his ass because we know exactly what he is and what he's all about
An asshole a real serious asshole
And by the way, Dennis nice try it didn't work
You and your asshole buddy
1027 at 560 wqa m
Hey, it's big in a gaining weight. There are a lot of people out there desperate
Lend the even big Arnie is desperate. Why not do something that you haven't tried before
A lot of people keep trying the same diets over and over again
And what I found is a lot of time something will work for you once and your brain kind of outsparks itself
And you can never go back and do it again if you haven't tried balance for life
You have nothing to lose but all of that weight
There's no cooking no shopping no cleaning no worries just great results like the beast is getting us lost over 50 pounds
I guarantee we've saved that punch life
And once his head starts drinking normal size you know we're really doing a good job for him
They deliver your little black sack to your door by 6 a.m
No matter where you are every morning whether you're at work whether you're at home whether you're at the massage parlor
Three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks are right in your black sack
It's all prepared for you. It's all fresh and delicious
There are chicken dishes and beef and turkey all kinds of good stuff omelets and frittadas and you name it
Nothing prefabricated nothing frozen and they let you pick between two choices for each one of the meals every day that you're in a program
That's the only choice you'll have to make they do all the figuring for you based on the zone diet
So like I said the food for the entire day is in there you don't have to worry about buying anything else
And the weight just pours off your body so that balance for life help you lose the weight the real delicious way
Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 3 2 2 2 9 they'll give you all the sales 9 5 4 5 6 8 3 2 2 2
9 or check them out of the web at balanceforlife.com and no time at all you could look better than the lovely beast
Hill Roger God coming up tonight on inside the behind the chew Hollywood celebrity music
Bography profile story we take a good hard stiff look at the start
With her leather jacket and smoking guitar she epitomized the uh
Leather jacket and smoking guitar look popularized in the 1980s by
her
She was Jones
I just wanted to say to the world hey, I'm a girl
I'm not got a leather jacket and a smoking guitar so you can kiss my female ass
Jones jets were billion style influenced everyone from pinky tuss could narrow unhappy days to
Well nobody else actually okay, so I wasn't that influential fight me clearly
We needed another angle for a profile of Jones yet
Well, she did start her career with the all female rock band the runaways
Hey, there's something the lesbian angle
We asked Joan about the wild nights of girl and girl action that must surely have resulted when the runaways were on tour
Hey, that sh** never happened
Oh, you are way out of line sure Jones jet can deny it
She still collecting royalties from her hit song
But the other members of the runaways aren't doing so well
So when we paid them to admit to having same sex encounters of Jones yet they readily complied
former runaway leader Ford oh, yes, I explored the neither reach
neck-never regions of Jones jet spotty and it was fantastic
Can I go now we didn't interview another bad member should re-curry
Jones Jones
Cells fired me away
So me and never could
Thank you, can I go now?
Jones jet
She didn't give us a lot to work with but we f**k with her just the same
It's a big juicy stopping what look at your business tonight on inside the behind
I'll tell you one of the last things we need in this country, okay another dick in the White House yeah look who's on here in Kate
Koma inducing dick abhard
Never want a great democratic candidate
Jeb Bush slips on Spanish history, would you just to fact me this?
Yeah
Madrid Spain the US president's brother jet bush is part criticism after mistakenly referring to Spain as a republic
In a speech to the Spanish business leaders during a trip to Madrid to discuss business opportunities
Florida governor jet bush's blunder was reminiscent of president bush's past slip ups
Which have included pronouncing Spanish premonster Jose Maria asnard's name incorrectly
Spanish historian Juan Pablo Fuzzi said the era by bush was foolish and grotesque
Fulish and grotesque
It's an offense to Spain and its democratic monarchy Fuzzi told Reuters it's further it further rituals the Bushes in general
Bush the Florida governor was in Madrid to promote the state to Spanish businesses and to meet Prime Minister asnard
Speaking in Spanish bush said I want to thank the president of the Republic of Spain for his friendship with the US
Spain is not been in republic since the late 1930s when general Francisco Franco crushed Republican troops in the Civil War
Franco's nationalist dictatorship lasted until his death in 1975 when Spain became a constitutional
King Juan Carlos one is not head of the state his older brother president bush once referred to as now as an czar
Had of his birth visit to Spain as US president 2001
President Bush accused by opponents of having a shaky grasp on geographies also famously referred to Greeks as grations
Although we do like their formula for hair loss don't we or for her a color whatever it is
He once had a shiver through jittery stock markets when he was speaking about the deflation in the Japanese yen
It accidentally said the evaluation which led to a brief rush to sell the un-international currency markets
the evaluation deflation you know
same difference
Here's dick
Just pathetic you know he's really sad
Yesterday we told you that 2.2 million credit cards have been hacked right guess what 8 million now
Amax says its cards hacked like visa master card american expressed his clothes the breach and now visa puts the figure at 8 million
Along list of credit card companies say a hacker breach the security system of a company that processes transactions to get a customer count information
American express would said there are no signs of fraudulent use yet
Will not disclose how many accounts were involved with the company joins visa master card those two said a combined 5.6 million of their account numbers
We're subject to the breach or like to all of almost 8 million
Makes it a little bit nervous. Don't if you have any credit cards. Of course in Georgia's case and it Carlos's case
Carlos's case who the hell are we kid?
His library card
Who'd be the happiest if Neil croaked is our pull question today on neo-rodgers
Count that seems to be where they want to dedicate through attention today
They don't care about this desert island thinking about candy and rogers
Almond brittle and corn dogs
Or yeah, no they do care about corn dogs which I think so I care about the dog that's lost on the ice there in the Pasek river new jersey
I'm concerned about him
Corn dogs you can have mister. I don't want them
F
My grandma that told me a long time ago corn dogs are for goyem
Who'd be the happiest if Neil croaked mohaw are dated and would dance on eels grave 181 59%
Do we get any calls by the way sin at the most showers a show or sounding a lot better?
No since the babysitters were there because I made the comment and Carlos agreed
But I get the feeling that our people are not listening in the morning. Oh Carlos is a sick offend anyway
I forgot
George thinks he'd get to show 45
I've just changed again. Let's see if you and Dennis are still duking it out. No, I think I'm winning
Well, if we wouldn't that and jeez what's going on? Oh, there it is it is
pretty slow there
Oh, yeah, you're pulling away George in second place 45 Dennis the chronic asshole 36
And by the way, Dennis see I guess he felt compelled to call in because his name was on a pull so since he did call in
You would have thought that if this weren't true. He would have said oh, yeah
Well, I disagree with a lot of what you say, but I certainly wouldn't want to see you croak
You know if he were any kind of a guy since he's such a good Catholic and I'm such a degenerate piece of crap
You know what I'm saying? Yeah, but he didn't say that maybe he's gonna go to confess and steady took another cheap shot
Just hoping he might help to inflict another stroke. Maybe the fatal one the fatal blow
Greg Reed a real evil doers got 17 votes Fox News Heather 12 guilty six
Reverend Kennedy's up to five already. He just went on there Eric no more long pulls forward John Gibson or Fox news only two
He is obviously small potatoes
Here's a call from Miami. Hello
Hi Neil. Yes, sir. I got a message for Josecal Seco don't drop the soap
No, okay
Squeezed tight Jose and very cute. Hey, it's your people man. You're people very amusing very funny. Eh
Lucy Lucy five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's hope sound hello
Hello, yes, sir
Neil, I'm glad you finally taken this serious way
Your help I'm talking about oh
I
Don't be so proud. It's a week and a half since I had the scope. I wouldn't get to carry it away yet
But you saw much more committed than you have well, we'll see how long it lasts and you you have a treadmill
Yeah, yes, I do a great exercise bike that sick of panic George bought me for my birthday a few years ago
They both sit there you just they just can't motivate yourself. Let me say let me say this to you. Okay
Neither one of those is a substitute for walking and that maybe that's an excuse for being late
Which I am but walking
There's just no comparison it doesn't get to jib that's not the same that have the same effect for me is just walking walking does wonders for me
Well good, well then stick to that listen
There's a company I've been ordering from for about 10 years out of Canada called the discount vitamins
If you go on the internet under discount vitamins dot com yeah
They have a
Unbelievable amount of books and knowledge and articles just on different the conditions and things you should
Be taken naturally
It's very interesting. Okay. Oh, I'm doing I'm doing that my my blood chemistry is great
I take coke you 10 and I take a official capsule. I've been taken for years
You know my blood is great and it's said of and so on but the condition of my body needs some help
Yeah, not that you have to diagnose yourself and take care of yourself. These doctors do nothing
No, you know, maybe you just hit it on the head you have to be your own doctor. You can't do it completely
But you have to be to a great deal extent your own doctor. That's what I'm doing
Well, I wish you the best of luck in it. Let George know there's a
Reality show on on showtimes this Saturday night on see more buses later
Okay, after the fight. Thanks. I'll tell him. Okay. Hey, by the way George. There's after the fight
What's that?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon line 1041 a QM and if you tire to that big ugly bald spot
If you want to have some here again, and you want to look great
I'm like those other silly people that have the hair pieces
Charles Alfieries the guy you want to see because he's got that natural hair line system the best in the universe
All these other hair pieces man. They look there and they're a joke. They're like for
Dennis Cassini
She wants to run for president go see Chuck Alfierie first Dennis. Okay, walking around with that hair piece
You're not gonna get elected dog catcher
Sam Donaldson. No, what do you don't see him anymore? And ABC there they're too embarrassed to put him on here anymore
Aaron Brown you're on CNN wimpie Aaron Brown with that awful awful piece forget about it
Look great look younger and better than you ever thought you could again with the natural hair line system from Chuck Alfierie
And one of the best things about that he was it's affordable when you mentioned the oranges when you make that call you
See if you've even two hundred dollars more off the already affordable price
So instead of spending thousands from Aussie looking piece that makes people laugh at your ass
Get yourself a great looking head of hair from Chuck Alfierie
Here's the toll free number to call 1 800 321 24 13
1 800 3 to 1 24 13 look better and younger than you ever thought you would again with Chuck Alfierie
Check him out of the web if you look at Charles Alfierie dot com
We're sports radio 560
UAM
And I'm in Hollywood
Where you can tell by the way I use my voice on there for them those of the boys see I'm in this way since I was born and I'm home just
I can't hear a corn
Which is trying to understand what you call a girl in them
I suspect I might be gay
Except for that to go the other way
Whether just believe it or not it is a feat because I'm a feminine guy feminine guy
I'm a little too stiff and I am twisted I'm a feminine guy feminine guy
Most people love me but some want to call me I'm a feminine guy feminine guy
I'm a feminine guy feminine guy
I'm a feminine guy
I'm a feminine guy
I'm a feminine guy
I'm a feminine guy
Don't be not too medical professional. They did for Morris at Mount Sinai 1046 at 560 WQ
It's a good thing that we know that our good friend tennis is listening to they you wonder why was that I don't want to disappoint him
So here's this story from CBS news dot com
Sex abuse suit filed in Missouri oh
Two former Roman Catholic priests including the brother of a prominent advocate for clergy abuse victims
Were sued yesterday by a man who contends to men molested him for most of his childhood
The alleged victim claims he was molested by one of the men then turned to the other for help the priest then began molesting him also the suit claims
Neither Gary Poole nor Kevin Clohecy has been criminally charged also named as plaintiffs with the diocese of Jefferson City
Retired bishop Michael McCullough and bishop John Gados who heads the diocese
Are you believing some of these nail lines?
I'm not making them up. I'm just making this story John gay dose who heads the diocese
Clohecy's brother David is national director of SNAP these survivors network of those abuse by priests
He's a strange from his brother
A woman who answered the phone at pools Jefferson City Homes the deformer priest had no comment
Clohe has you less 30 miles north of Jefferson city in Columbia couldn't be reached for a comment
His phone number is not listed and his brother don't know how to get a hold of him
So to speak
In Utah two brothers filed an 80 million dollar lawsuit yesterday claiming they were abused in the 1970s by a priest teaching at the Catholic high school in Salt Lake City
The priest is currently serving a 40-year prison term in Oklahoma for sex abuse. Oh
The Salt Lake diocese said in the stem in yesterday to learn of the alleged abuse to one victim in November
2000 and 2002 that diocese offered pastoral care and reported the allegations to state officials that said in Wisconsin yesterday
The Madison diocese announced is paid out $1.6 million to 19 victims of sex abuse in the past two decades
Vision William Bullock said that I see is new have documented abuse allegations against four of its priests
The diocese serves nearly 265,000 Catholics in 11 southwestern Wisconsin counties
And notice what a tremendous job they done and put this all back under the carpet again
Yeah
They just swept it right back under the carpet again while people are too busy worried about whether they got enough duct tape and this queen
Stuff like that important things and whether they got enough
Rogers almond brittle
Now you know as well as I do that somebody out there from our vast listing audience some of our
Silent majority of people who obviously would never call they're on the www. Rogers truckbirds.com right ordering almond brittle
Ordering tons of it ordering almond brittle up the ass by the case by the case by the truckload
So I'm hoping that one of these days in the furlough, you know because I can't expect anybody to comment on it because nobody's listening ever had it. I had it
That's okay. I bring your pardon you had a stroke and almond brittle too
Look a couple of little pieces of candy are not the difference between being fat and not fat like I told yesterday
Which you'd understand when you tied yourself over if my blood sugar is 101
I must be under pretty good control when you say that's pretty damn good. There you go
Considering what a fat old slawbime was obsessed with food and sweets
Here's Miami. Hello
Yes, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah
Um, I want to tell you a story on Monday. I got off early from work
You know because it was president say and I just said if you go for a cruise and I tell you know I was driving by biscuit and I saw this hot
Little black hooker, you know and I dated her, you know, and I don't okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T
And Verizon wireless line. Wow
What movie pool can we do in the 11 a new now or how to kill off the last hour today? I
I'm Tony of this audience the not just this show the entire radio station
I mean the sports nerd shows it's either the same stupid questions about well
Do you think that Danny can make a comeback this year because we really need a bet or it's uh, you know
That like Mo had to do this morning and with a list of uh scumbag athletes who fallen from grace like Jose can sucko
That's it a list has to be a list
Other than that they can't cut it. They've got no material. They have nothing to talk about no life
Well, what are you snitch snitch sniggering about what was your favorite black and white movie? Yeah, there you go
What were your favorite black and white pictures on the internet that you look at those six the pictures of the god
I still think it over that
This guy really believes I'm gonna spend my afternoon here
I'm the internet looking at black and white pictures from the godfather because I like the godfather
Jesus god man you talk about desperate you talk about just barely being among the living
I don't I think there are a lot of people in South Florida have been standing for years. They died a long time ago
But nobody by their telling them they're just still uh, I was gonna say walking around. They're still crawling around
They're hanging
Here's poppin obi chalo
Hello, yes sir. Yes
You were talking about a scope and uh, I was uh, I had a one minor one a couple of years back and
Just came from the gym exercise like a fool all my life. Yeah, actually in shape and uh, first I smoked
And mother there you go. That's one of the main factors smoking. Yeah. Yeah
I tried to cut down, but had a mini stroke and it was very unusual because I came home
And I wanted to watch a football game my wife came home a couple hours later. She was what he doing
It's as I was gonna watch the full football game. I forgot to watch the football game
Didn't know what happened didn't know we had a party that night nothing
After a little bit it all came back to me, but it was a strange strange kind of feeling
Mm-hmm exercise doesn't do it all the time I guess now smoking smoking is one of the worst things you can do
Yeah, I'm smoking. It was tough to quit. They merged. Got you on that you're you still smoking?
I know
I'm still quitting this for the past kind of what kind of flowers video like his descend you
Come on cut it out cut it out
Well, I just want to really have that period so sitting isn't the only
Fairlight. Yes, good luck to pal. Thanks
I mean like that at least he admits it
Yeah, see that that's very rare that we hear from anybody like because our audience is always like
Finger pointers, you know, oh, I'm a fat swab and hangs a fat swab and this one
But they're all perfect all the way I've seen a lot of them in a quite frankly
They made me make me look like Mickey Mouse. You know what I'm saying right? Yeah
Thank goodness they got the dog and they know the robot
They didn't have to go through the helicopter thing because I
I didn't realize that they were able to get a little boat out there
And they got the uh the
Are you watching it? I'm watching it now
And he got that stick that the old one around the collar and the dog don't want to come come on
Don't put yourself in that boat
Get in the boat sweetheart. Come on
They got two guys there. I mean the dog don't want to commit a medium-sized dog
Grab him and the boat you ask on there we go. Let's hear it
The dog in the boat dog rest you underway something good happened today, okay
You people out there that don't like dogs you know what
To you especially the cat people oh you see women cats. I have no problem with that
It's it's kind of a you know if it's no problem
But guys who are in the cats I have a real problem with that. Do you know any guys who are in the cats? Book of Brian
Like I said strange guys are in the cats
Speaking of women here's a lady in bokeh hello
Hey, hi me. How are you? Okay, I want to thank you
I'm one of the maybe few people that love the articles you pick out
In fact, I get the one that reads those okay, huh? You're the one that reads them. Yeah, they're a few of us
I don't know where you find some of them. I look at some of the headings and I put them on my
favorite style, but I see some of them from the New York Times, but some of the other places the sources are great
I'd never find them
So thank you mom's glad I'm delighted because I always wonder if anybody can bother's with them
I really do like them of course they're one splendid, but that's the slant I like that's the idea
They're enough they're enough or right wing websites out there. We've got to even an up a little bit
Got that right. Okay, thanks. Thank you and when you're not there there's nothing up there
There's a big blank space and I don't know
So I really look at them almost every day. Well, we're never gonna let coals pull that crap again
Thanks a lot have a great day. Thank you very much
See she was very nice little on the old side, but that's where it goes
I don't think anybody in it first of all young people don't read newspapers
So why should I expect them to go to our website and read the bedtime story see that that's another reason
I was reading the bedtime stories here on here
Even though it was much more productive than then fumbling through a bunch of really idiotic calls which most of them today have been
Uh, but hey, that's what the audience wants give it to a baby. That's what they want
They want a rise the old saying goes they want crap
Why don't you give me the book, but oh no, I was imitating one of our colleagues. No, I understand
But that's just that's just what they want very sad
You can't force feed the public out there. Okay, they want Drek they want kaka
That's why a third of the people watching television Monday that watch Joe millionaire
Hmm a third of the people are watching TV in this country watch and that country we're watching Joe millionaire
It was kind of a turn off that you had all that money. Oh
God was either one of them attractive. No, I mean interesting. No
No
He was like a dullard. I saw the eclipse. They showed on the news all day yesterday. He's a dullard
Not to mention the fact ugly ugly it looks like a retard looks grotesque
And she was a meast at best margin like about a two and a half on a scale of 50
But it's the hype baby sell the hype forget about the content nobody cares about the content America's not interested in that
And again, just like they said there and that's straight right yesterday
About the difference between the media approach on what's happening in the world in Europe and what what what were presented with in America
And even the difference between a Canadian approach to what the news and what's in America
Pablo
Feed the American public Pablo and puke and crap and that's what they become well conditioned to most of the newscast
Especially local newscast isn't even real news anyway
It's kaka
puffpieces
So maybe they're in Michael Jackson. That's what the American public wants all this other stuff
It's going on a good try and get me to blow the guy damn world up. Wow, but me like that
5670 560 pond what am I getting excited about it? I don't know. What's the point? I'm not gonna change it
I can go back and read the bed times there is if you didn't do it like ten times the work I'm doing now
And well, why don't put about a tenth of the number what's the point? They don't want that
But like I said living and breeding people don't read newspapers and certainly aren't looking at the they're too busy on
Pornocytes to wonder on the internet. They don't have time to read the final what's going on in the world
Although like I said the one promising thing was in a big protest over the weekend with the millions of people who marched against war over the weekend
An enormous percentage of those people were like 20 something and even under 20s
So maybe there's some hope
1056 at 560 WDQM there's some hope for your carpets even if they look like they're hopeless
They may look really bad really schmutzy and desperate
In fact, you know something that's that's one of the most impressive things is when your carpets do look and smell really bad
Is that dry concepts come in and chuck the crap out of you
They get all the crap out of your carpeting
They suck out the deep dung dirt by dry cleaning your carpets
They're the only people in the world who do this. It's a patented method
And when they get done your carpets look just like brand new
They smell em and he fresh they're drying a couple of hours and you're just standing there with an amazed look on your post like
How can these carpets look like brand new?
But I guarantee you they will and I should know I've been using dry concepts in my house for well over 20 years now
They'll leave your carpets who are free vibrant and color and softer the touch as well
And when it's time to clean your upholstery too your leather furniture all your other good things your
Stuff these are the people do a stupid job for you
For example if you have pet odors if you have like a little dog like mine it leaves his mark everywhere around the house
Or milder odors caused by water damage. They'll make those disappear like magic
And they give you a written guaranteed price upfront for any work that they do for you written guarantee before they start the job
So if you want a stupidest job at an unbeatable price called dry concepts toll free
1 800 248 5071
1 800 248 5071 or just long under their website dryconcepts.com clean today entertain tonight with our friends at dry concepts
Howard david's a bitch
560 w q a f presents
Leaving to these starring mull how it did as more
All live as gay carlo
Steven janko steam as well here and Brian loves it as the beast
I'm home. Hey was the hat stand I ain't got no place to hang my wig
I'm out it. I had another piercing accident watch out for the puddle
Why didn't the beast clean this up he's upstairs with Wally
G beast you better clean a deep puddle before mull gets home um
Gia. I don't know Wally. It's kind of thinking
So you didn't clean the pee puddle huh? Yeah fat little bastard you
Tabalad you're walking
Told you he did so help me so hard on the pie
Come here beast time we had a little chat um I don't know okay
No you don't say anything to lump through understand it
Okay I said nothing I'm talking but you stop but I tell right that's it
Remember my friend here
Mr. Belt
Don't don't don't don't
I will you stop
I said stop it you shake your mouth your pipe smoking poop okay but don't stand near the window what for
Touch you might fall
Love it all three five sixty WQA and go forget noon to one hour we got our comedy vis wins
The order they thank the lord you know oh yeah
You're working on our uh list for tomorrow
Favorite black and white movie there you go and then we'll do our favorite your favorite color movie your favorite
Technic eric otacrome movie on Friday
And we'll play Paul Simon and otacrome in the background all the whole four hours
Who would be the happiest of Neil croaked Moe Howard David had would dance on his grave 213
George 56 Dennis the chronic 40 red read 18 Fox News Heather that bitch 13
Yolte eight Reverend James Kennedy eight
Eric five and John Gibson's small potatoes Fox News till I was only a pair
Look at that phone. Maybe is it smoking or what oh nothing
Nothing so we're left with corn dogs
I guess quite frankly. I don't want to be spread on desert. I don't really have people in Saudi
Corn dogs is the best they can come up with
5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the 18 and T in Verizon wireless line
Just hope your feeding better. It says as you say there's no place to walk around the golf course and plantation
Feel better to stay healthy a lot of cabbage and Brussels sprouts. Yeah
By the way at 3 20 PM yesterday Hank blurted out the effort then he said it was the medication that did it
PR routes to screw you George which I'm sure he says with love and kisses of course
He blurted out the effort. How come we're not getting any spire ports about what's going on with that stuff?
Huh? Good question, but that can be put in place. It's so tight lipped about what's going on there that it's supposed to be a big secret
Because they know that if I found out I'll put it out on the air yeah
Because the public deserves to know about these things aren't you on medication?
Yes, so if you blurted out the f word
Well, if you how do you like that? Huh?
5 6 7 0 5 60 we got one hour till noon. Okay, let's see if this audience can do it. What do you say? They don't have to be good
We sure like to hear first of all Carlos keeps putting all these I mean that lady was nice
Even though she was a hundred years old
She was very nice because she at least reads the bedtime stories
Which made Carlos feel it's worthwhile all the effort he has to go through to put them on there
Takes him at least about 20 minutes every day
Don't get it started
What do you mean by that? Well the procedure changed but we don't want to talk about that you just relax
We don't want to give you another stroke. I'm not getting involved in the middle of it
Exactly because we have because we have because you're in a psycho a psycho
Computer needs to say don't ever call me again Eric. I'm telling you right now be the biggest mistake you ever made in your life
Another thing he does when he calls here like when he was doing it last time. I was here
In fact, I think that's set the stage for my stroke
I pick up the phone. Hi, you know, hi like like I'm expecting to hear from him
You know what I mean?
Like I should be expecting his call. What am I going to do for him? What does he need me for?
You think that a guy who like jeopardized their entire livelihoods on his program not too many months ago
You think that he would like really be to on the line real tight
But when you're that big and fat it's hard to total line. Can you see him doing like a tight rope into circus?
Huh? Oh, I bet your Carlos would pay lots to see that it would be tight
Here's color rage hello
Yes, sir
Yeah, I'm moving on high on I just wanted to thank you for all the good times through all the bomb hits and
I don't know man. I don't know if you
Stand my amy so much. I can't wait to get that all out of here. That's why I'm here man. I love Toronto
All right, thanks for everything god bless you. Good luck to pal. Thank you. Bye. Bye
Here's your guys leaving. Let's hear it for him. Okay. That's the goal of most people with a brain in software
Of course people that you know don't know any better. Oh, this is paradise paradise. Yeah
When I left there was like 87 88 degrees every day in the early February. What the hell is that the middle of February 88 90 degrees? That's winter
Yeah
Little bit too hot and salty and too many of the allergies and the mold and the stuff like that
I would say yesterday not that anybody seems to care but yesterday I turned the corner as far as the stroke thing is concerned
I mean, it's then by next Monday. I'm predicting that'll be like back to abnormal for me. Okay good because it takes a couple of weeks
But yesterday I stopped would like the that sensation that just a little bit of it now you know the headache
A brainy like you know I'm talking. Oh, I don't know
Well, you don't want to know don't go right out. No, I don't advise you don't ever have a stroke
All right, and let me say one other thing too since I got mentioned about smoking smoking and stroking mm-hmm
Uh, those little cigarettes remember what I had those little cigars right it's still having had one but I'm saying
What did I tell you about those? What was that complaining about right that my your whole head feels like it's full of a
Smoking like you're in a fog. Hey Derek. Don't bring anymore those little cigars to the track you jackass
You mean well, but you're a killer man and the cherry flavor which makes it taste good is extra oh poisonous poison
Those things and again because they're small you chain smoke them like cigarettes right oh god
During a course of night at the track I'd sit there and smoke five or eight or ten of those goddamn thing good Lord
By the time I left there was like you know fog, you know
I had the two over to one five six or the nine over the seven I I didn't know what that was going on
I didn't know Brian Sears from Sears and Robock
But that's just the way it goes, you know no more of those damn little Stogies Derek
How many how many people do we know all of us who are trying to kill us with kindness
The food pushers mm-hmm the cigar pushers or you still smoking Stogies no no, I'm not well you are now
What do you mean by that when they give you give them to you
Doesn't matter what you say you still smoking cigars. No, well here's some anyway. No, I'm not
I see what you're saying. No, I'm not no more those did I smoke any of those in that pack? I didn't even open it
I gave you the package unopened and it's pristine form with the plastic condom still on it
Here's a call from Kendall. Hello good show guys. Yeah, that's it. That's not me. Oh, that's more on again
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 put putting these chronic son Carlos. You should be doing a little bit better by now. Okay. He's a burden
He can't help it. Oh
From smoking and faggots here's for a lot of deal. Hello
No
Yeah, no
Let me ask you a question sir. Yes, sir. Do I know you personally? No, why would you call me that?
Why would you call me by my real? I don't go by that name on air, but nobody calls me that except my relives
I've always wondered why do people do that when they call his show. What what is the attraction?
They want your real name come on. What do you prefer?
I prefer being called Neil or whatever the hell you want or asshole or anything like that, but not miles. Okay
It's just stupid. Why do people do that?
I don't know. Maybe it makes me feel like I've been getting myself people obviously. I'm not
No, I apologize. No, you're alienating yourself from the human race, but go ahead
I just want to say that
I wanted to thank George W. Bush for
Basically taking us from being a laughing stock in the world to being
perceived as the bully warm-ongering country of the world and
Democrats better get the crap together and find somebody that doesn't want to make it puke
Or we're really asked if you know what I mean. Okay
Thanks Neil. Okay. Oh Canada
Bush blocks deal allowing cheap drugs for the world's poor by the way. So this is the British
A newspaper the Guardian
George Bush is close links with the drugs industry were last night. This is today's paper by the way
So it is last I blame for the failure of toxin Geneva aimed at securing access to cheap medicines for developing countries
Delegates that the world trade organization expressed frustration that the US again rejected the deal
That would have loosened global patent rules to enable poor countries to import cheap copies of desperately needed drugs
We believe that governments should maintain their distance and should not be directed by pressure groups one EU trade officials said
Negotiator said a solution to the dead likely in America's hands the pharmaceuticals lobby is running the show in Washington
One development activist said
The pharmaceuticals lobby in Washington is running the show and not only that
But since I am in Canada I should mention to you any of you people have bought your prescription drugs on the web on the internet
You're familiar with that aren't you a lot of the companies up there?
We're some prescription drugs had much reduced prices and not gouging the public like they do all over America
Well guess what the drug companies got together and they said well
We're not gonna supply with any of our drugs anymore unless you quit doing that
Right
So we're not gonna let the American consumer
Have a get any kind of a break. We're gonna continue gouging and raping you as opposed to like up here
We're even by a leg over to counter so Claretons over to counter down there Clareton was over to counter here for years
The price of prescription drugs here is a fraction of what it is in America
Why is it that the public continues to want to be raped and pillaged by these rich assholes?
I don't get it and speaking of being raped and pillaged
Where's that other store which I'm sure is on the website Florida Attorney General calls for US
They didn't have to be on the website's in the Sunsendal
Florida Attorney General calls for US inquiry to soaring gas prices
The state attorney general wants federal investigators to find out whether Florida gas stations are taking advantage of the threatened war in the middle east to artificially drive up prices
And that really calls for investigation you know what
Don't you think we ought to explain this for me check it on that. It's a very big mystery
We have no idea what the answer is attorney general Charlie Christ Jesus Christ. Oh Charlie Christ
Asked the FTC on Tuesday to investigate the recent dramatic spike in gas prices
Florida's average cost per gallon for regular gasoline yesterday was a buck 66 up 19 cents from month earlier and 56 cents more than a cost
E.R. Go currently American Automobile Association
It's the highest average price ever in Florida and now three cents more than the national average at the time of the year when gas prices are usually lower
Triple A said because it's not like the height of the tourist season
In soft Florida gas prices are even higher the averages between the bucks six bucks 70 and bucks 72 and brown
Data in Palm Beach counties triple A said
I'm concerned that some companies or retailers are taking advantage of the impending crisis to increase their profits by unjustifiably
Ricing prices quest set and letter the FTC commissioner Timothy J. Muiros and it goes on and on and on
More tax cuts for the wealthy for the big corporations. They continue raping the public the pharmaceutical companies all in bed with the big politicians of both parties
And the public keeps going little more like that
And you know what I think I think Moe had a point
Was how when he said gang rape is funny because that's what's happening in America
That's exactly how to describe it. Thanks Moe
you old cout
1113 at 560 WQM if you ever represented with an opportunity when you should have could or what had done something
But you failed to do it why not do something now to really help yourself in that wallet which I was just talking about
There's an incredible Fannie Mae Mortgage rate out there at 3.45 percent and this rates available by calling financial group
W have to answer out your questions just call tool free
1 800 940 53 63 if you were to compare a 7% rate with 3.45 percent
You'd save yourself 3500 bucks in the first year alone for each hundred thousand dollars that you owe and
$100,000 cost you only $447 bucks a month. This is an opportunity that won't last because it's a
40 year low
So if you're thinking about refinancing or buying a home call financial group tool free
1 800 945 363 the process is simple and the call is absolutely free
1 800 940 LED financial group has been an equal housing lender the thousands of borrowers just like yourself with this Fannie Mae program
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject change if you wait too long 5.34 APR call financial group for all the details tool free
1 800 940 LED
Sports video 560
It's day
560 WQ
In this best-based hurry up world you need all the energy you can get that's why there's new triple calf coffee
Triple calf has three times the caffeine of regular coffee to give you a real boost when you need it
So if you're a doctor triple calf really helps me focus scuffle. I said scuffle dammit a teacher
Run to the teachers lounge and get me another mug of triple calf just bring the whole pot and the rest of you
Shut up or airline pilots
Capacamp playing on the fast fast. It's to new triple calf coffee. It's triple good. In fact, I'm gonna have some more right now
Where's my fucking mug 1118 at 560 WQM says that the same Joe and Mark sure where they can't have their own website because
Clarence is a hard-ass and there's afraid that they're gonna take away some of the thunder from the QAM website
Even though they have their own webcam and they do something that's totally different from the sports nerds
The other 16 or 18 hours of the day. Yeah, that's them. Oh, I thought so
560 560 quit being a hard-ass class course
Part of the sportsocracy in our radio station as much as we like him on payday, which is only a week from yesterday
As much as we like him on the 10th and 25th of each month the rest of the time a little on a marginal side
All clearance because of the fact he's part of a sports mafia at QAM
He's part of the problem not part of the answer. You know what I'm saying?
No, what are you saying? So when you call the board of station to tell me you're feeling better and he answers the phone sports
Even though it's supposed to be the program director's office you say to yourself. Oh
Everything you need to know exactly. That's right in like a in a fraction of a second that one sports
That's all I needed no in case I hadn't already learned it
Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello. Hey Neil. How are you doing? Are you okay? Um, I'm sorry
I just soon did I believe you during Canada now is that correct? Yes
Okay, so you probably did not see what I saw if I have a news
I don't know if someone told you about about the mold and the duct
No, okay, well, it was that moldy ducts
There was a special on one of the the news reports or something I find about mold and the ducts the air ducts and the air conditioning bands and so forth
And I heard you talk about it before on your station that you had a problem in the actual studio or the station or whatever
I was sure you do we got a bad problem in your fact when I come back
I'm getting a I'm getting one of those type of filters for the room. I was actually curious because I'm I am my family
I had a lot of cold lately and I was just curious if you you know I've heard you talk about dry concepts
I know they do carpets. I don't know if they do that or not. Do you know? No, no they don't
Okay, I just had one other thing you know my no change the channel here
This lady
Elephant
Whatever name is elephant the lady
That's very old. I know
Can you please explain to me something how in the
Which does she keep her job?
They found a hundred ballots or a box of ballots or something
You know, you know the answer to the question because they've got everybody intimidated now
They black pressure groups have got everybody intimidated
And even though there was the pulled on the paper a day that says that more than two-thirds of the people say she's incompetent
But the pressure groups have got her in there and they're holding her hand now in each one of these small
Municipal elections to make sure she doesn't screw up again anytime soon
And they're keeping her in there even though they know damn well that she's incompetent
Well, you know I
Makes no sense because if I live in my job and I would screw up like that
Obviously, I'd be fired but I just got to explain to why why it is that's that's the way it is with minorities in the US
So if you happen to me the right might already you have to have the happen to have the right people behind you
You got a job for life
Well, I can practically go out and kill somebody before you lose your job
Speaking of the minority thing my graduate from college in 1991 and it came down here
I tried to get a job with custom and I went to the first interview and find second interview and find
I came back for the third interview and I went to lock into the waiting area for the third interview
There were three black women applying for the same job as I did
Let's see who's not gonna get this job, huh?
There you go. Okay, good luck for me. I'll start with you. Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 we got a million open lines here in this hour trying to make another 39 minutes here
Do you think we can do it? I have my doubts
We can do it. You have your doubts? No
I just keep shaking my head and shake Canada says it will not join solo US attack on Iraq
Bush and I'm it's one family's lifelong legacy to America's investment class by Kevin Phillips
Common dreams new center and these are on our website today
Bush talking more about religion
Which really scares the crap out of all of us
Gas chemical ship to North Korea
That's promising see we don't want to talk about these things because they're too depressing
That's why we just put them on a website come with us people want to be depressed then they can go to ready.gov
And then get already they get all prepared they can get out there a duct tape and they're our viscene
And this little queen and they can just lock themselves in a house and hide under the bed forever
Even though they haven't got any idea what's coming when it's coming if it's coming it's Ederman so on
I mean when you really stop and think about how easy the public is here the fact that everybody got scared the crap
Bottom with his orange alert with its increase in the terror alert and come to fight out that most of it
Not all of it most of it was based on a bunch of lies about one of the al-Qaeda prisoners who failed the lie detector test
Well
It goes to show you what delicacy ground ground we're all treading on how valuable our lives are these days
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
You
Here's a call from beautiful pop it oh hello
Roger
Miami hello
Hello yes sir hey
Uh, I think Bush once said
The US has enjoyed over a century of peace with Japan
Along with that is our children learning bit. I just saw on your website. Yeah, just want to throw that in there
More shot the bush. I was wondering if you guys would ever be able to or you specifically not you guys be able to
quote the like the markets every
Outer to just
Rather than that's having to go to 610 to get it. No, no
I mean when you say when you say quote the markets
I mean like you know the dial is this the dial is down 54 and a half points in the Aztec down 10.78. No, it is
I know that's good. I think that'll be
I'm just saying it's a recommendation. Yeah, okay
And the mom had to do it
John Edwards. What do you think about him?
Idiocore at best. The Yahoo. A real Yahoo. Yeah
He's a good looking guy though. He's one. He's a good looking guy. He is
You know, he's handsome. I compared to a competitor who compared to a long-chainy junior. Yeah, he's a good
I'm a person voting for good looking guys and vote for interested voting for somebody with a brain
Of course, but I'm saying the women are gonna vote, you know
For the better looking guy generally. They are
That must be that must be why I's an hour one. Okay, I have a great day sir
Although Adelaide Stevenson was bald and Catholic and divorced. Oh, sorry Dennis
That was down 56.09 that has X down 10.75 the Russell 2K is down 3.13
Fear of value is let's do the requirement thing look what did for that just took to two seconds there
You're such a hard-ass man the guy would like to hear instead of keep going over to CNBC
In fact, if we can keep people off of CNBC if we could have kept all of us off CNBC a lot of us would be retired by now
That's right the gambling channel bunch of fakers. They still say they all belong in jail
And again the public just oh gee. What was us, you know, we're bad luck
It wasn't bad luck. It was fraud. We got defrauded man. We've been had
And the public just sits back and they do just what the government knows that they're gonna do
They don't do a goddamn thing and we'll let the finger and a few million people around the world
Get out there and protest in the freezing cold on the over the weekend. That's it
And the rest of the public sits back and little little little one times do a minute there
Ha ha good small for last night by the way
Here's the fact is they just wanted to remind you to listen to the Howard David show tomorrow. He'll interview J. Feeler
Yes tomorrow. Be sure to hear what the dolphins quarterback has to say six months before the season starts
The over and under bed is how many times Dave will say
uh
And he's got 70 is the number so far 70 got that got it you over and under
Yeah, J. Feeler. I don't understand that anymore than I understand this NFL combine thing with the big
Oh, tonight on the year. I don't get it. I'm sorry. I mean it is one thing to be a sports station
Another thing to have like a sports illness like a disease QA is made sports into a disease
Like a mental illness
I mean, we just got two with a super bowl and while ball was it three four weeks ago, whatever. How was five weeks
Yeah, and like about ten minutes ago. How do I help anybody possibly be hawking football now? You know, I think you're forgetting something
Yes sports
Sorry
1126 at 560 WQM just 34 minutes away from our big Wednesday noon to one comedy bits
I never look forward to it as much as now
Even though today of all days it wouldn't I wouldn't bother me if we had to go to one like what you see what I'm saying because I feel like I have it for a change
But it will be the point based on what we're hearing so far now
No, no you've heard a lot of people do that well what is the what is the point proves that they know your real name
Don't you see I know something about you everybody knows my real name so what about it?
I don't have any friends to call me that you don't call me that nobody I know calls me that except relatives
I mean, what would be the point of that we know what the John Wayne's real name was too you think anybody called him Miriam not to his face
So maybe rock Hudson
The big was we'd hit the northeast this week and all the presidents day sales were snowed out because of the storm
The mattress has redirected major shipments of sealea sir as soon as the king called mattresses to Florida
And through this Sunday you can get even more savings call
1800 MATTRES right now you'll save like never before
Through Sunday only down the mattress is having a big president's day blizzard sale offering an additional 10% off
They're already low every day rock bottom prices now the mattress does usually have sales
But due to the blizzard they're having one right now time is sure to have been putting off by that new mattress
Don't wait another second call one 800 mattress now and of course you'll have 30 days to try it out in your home
With the best comfort exchange policy in the world
If you need an exchange you can do so anytime within that through the comfort exchange period no hassles at all
When you buy a mattress from dollar mattress don't come to your house or in your house and set up and take away the old bedding for free
You heard me right the automatic sets up the new and removes the old bedding for free
So make the call now one 800 mattress for dollar mattress and enjoy a great night's sleep for months and years to come
It's the dollar mattress big blizzard sale
But be sure and call before this Sunday to take advantage of these unbelievable
Unbeatable prices
1 800 MATT RES that's 1 800 mattress for dollar mattress the answer for a perfect night's sleep
Reality TV goes down like never before from the producers of Joe Millionaire. It's Joe sugar daddy
One guy 20 hookers all giving it up for cash until they find out he's broke
I'll be 50 books sweetie. I actually I don't have any money no money
It's all tonight on Joe sugar daddy followed by a new episode of when hookers attack
Love the pretty button 560 wqm and of course the battle of the sexes who we what that was all about the fact that most
heterosexual men for whatever reason
I'm still a maybe because they're so terrorized traumatized by their wives their girlfriends their mothers are all of the above
Have this deep-seated hatred of women
It's got one biggest bag
Is that it? Well, that's one reason. Well, that is one of many reasons of course in your mother's case
We don't have a lot of have no more but at any rate
So that's really what that's all about is this uh with this misogynistic just obnoxious hate all women kind of thing
I like it. It's really uh, whatever
Why do we speak to a woman? Why are we supposed to care about lacy Peterson?
They had that meeting and decided we're supposed to care about herself. I see
Well, I don't want to be left out on the limb again, but I guess you know, why not?
I don't care about lacy Peterson. I don't wish you're pregnant. I don't wish her any harm
She was pregling and all this other stuff
But I mean there's so many missing women and so many missing children thousands and thousands and we never hear about any of the rest
The mix of maybe on John Walsh's show or something like that. No, by the way, is his show still on? Yeah
I don't know what it's on, but I see promo is known and I guess I'm like I think between four and five or five and six in the afternoon
Something like that. I saw like about two minutes of it once
I mean America's most wanted is still on techie or because that's a good show, but uh, I don't know about that
But anyway, we hear a little bit about that, but lacy Peterson. They decided is the next Sean relieving
Right and her husband. What does his name Scott? I don't yeah, I guess they were hyperventilating yesterday
We think with all the stuff that's going on in the world
You know, we're on the verge of blowing the world up between Iraq and North Korea and Iran and all these other crazy people and George W
And they're going on about oh
Breathless they have to interrupt that MSNBC about how oh it's god Peterson was just served again another reward for a
Another search warrant not arrested not charged with any crime another search warrant. How do you like that? Oh
That pretty exciting. I feel better. No, man
I don't care about lacy Peterson. I'm very sorry in spite of the fact the news media tells me I'm supposed to be how many times
I told you people that's the problem or one of the many problems of the news media America
They tell you what you're supposed to be concerned about this is important. No, it's not. No, it's important
Anyway, here's a fact from George a different George says hey Neil
I'm vendure came out okay from the stroke you had recently. I was wondering if there's anything you want to do before you croak
Is there anybody you'd like to do? Yeah, I'm gonna go question. Oh, I say
Yes, there are and I'm working on it feverously. Okay. There are a lot of people I like to do
Does I know you've traveled the world of enjoyed many luxury such as your sports cars? What's missing in your life to make it complete George asks?
Hey, that's a good list building pole idea. What do you mean by that? What do you want to do before you croak?
Who do you want to do before you croak? Well take that option out of I don't know their names necessarily right
P.S. Do you still have your Corvette? Yes. He's to love talks about them and the NSX is wondering if you might consider having a pull on America's favorite sports car
No, that will definitely give you lots of materials instead of the movie musicals for change fast cars and women are always on men's mind
What do you think George? No
Thank you anyway George a lot of George is around you know what five six seven oh five sixty pond five sixty only eighteen and tea
Actually one of the things I look forward to tremendously is retirement. Oh, huh
In like three years ten and a half months, but who's counting?
A little less than ten and a half months right that's what I look forward to I like to get out of this radio station alive
That's all and believe me surviving Greg Reed alive is a major accomplishment
Because the long line of bodies who have perished both physically and spiritually under the Greg Reed regime is just legendary
It's just unbelievable
Arbitron survey backs US radio consolidations. You want to say where that is?
A radio listener survey released yesterday bolstered acclaimed by major US radio chains and industry
Consolvation has proved more provided more local flavor and diversity in programming drawing criticism that it was biased
Report by Arbitron radio survey company found that listeners were very pleased with the programming choices available to them
About 79% that they got more or the same amount of programming choices from local radio than they did five years ago
I'm going to be sick skeptic said the report was biased as it came from a company whose businesses perpetuated
By the growth of big radio company profits
The federal government is in the process of evaluating changes and potentially allowing further consolidation
While the broadcast industry has an obvious agenda to defend these changes and push for more said Michael
Bracy legislative director for the future of music coalition artist and consumerry and to think think it's clearly in their best interest to say that radio is great
He said even though all of us know that it sucks the big one. Okay. It bites. It blows
And South Florida is living proof of it radio and South Florida blows. It's a piece of crap man
It's like a steamy floating turd like the one that that brought fun in the backseat of her car
That's what it is a big smelly steamy turd
Every single market in America here's dr. Laura here's Lordass here's uh uh
Jordan Lydia all the same goddamn shows all the same prefabricated music formats
crap
Because they have a lot of a handful. I mean you could count about the fingers of one hand of companies to own the overwhelming majority of all the stations and now now they're saying oh well
I didn't go far enough
Let them own airy station
So you can hear the same speed them and crap all over the place
So that not only for the people listening but also the people in this industry it's just like this Greg Reid thing
They know damn well where else are you gonna go you gonna go work for David Ross and Cheat Channel?
No, that's why they jerk everybody around
Besides the fact that they're cheap and they're always paying a rob and Peter to pay Paul and to pay all these outrageous sports franchise fees
You know why they pay all the sports uh franchise fees sports. Yeah, that's it
So Greg Reid can be a sports maven oh we can have the heat we can have this and we have yeah and and
And what about it?
Are they making a lot of money with those things? No other than a dolphins
You show me anything on this radio station
It's making them a lot of money has anything to do with sports and I'll show you a guy damn cow in a Chinese shop
Forget about it
um
5 6 7 0 5 60 we got it's corn dog Wednesday if you I am
Tomorrow be cornhole Thursday
And then glory whole Friday come up this Friday here's keep a scheme hello
Very good here's crawl springs hello
Oh
Nobody there either okay down to two let's see we got what 22 minutes to go I don't think two calls gonna cut it for quite early right right five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty see they're trying to prove to me that they have nothing to say
And the same handful of the same handful of little see that's why for anybody that missed it about you're going
At this time just a little bit beyond that right
Is when I started to schmit can and the goddamn phone calls going all the bedtime stories and I still say I don't care
What any of you say see I it's much easier to do this for me talk to a bunch of mouth readers on the phone without a doubt
Just parts of the book those shows were so much more productive
I felt so much more like accomplishing something when I finished them and I'm not supposed to accomplish anything
Is what I've learned in that last year
What I'm supposed to accomplish is sit here and talk to a bunch of simple things because the other people find it entertaining
The other people who don't read the newspapers no read the bedtime stories they don't want to hear that crap
They're not interested in that crap
Look at even today even out of the corn dog. What does that tell you?
That it's special we didn't play the right game today. That was the problem. We didn't give them the right toy to play with today
If there were a way to know here's pop it. Oh, hello Neil. Yes, sir. Hi
Hey, uh, it was watching the sports center
That you know my Tyson's having a fight this weekend. You don't know. Yes. Yes. What pal? We don't care
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Vokit. Hello
Hello, yes, sir
Oh, I'm in trying for four days. I know that the uh
Paul is over
I'm not sent school stupid movies
But the king of all time was Don Johnson's debut in a boy in his book. You remember that one already talked about that
Are you did? Yeah, I'm a limited driver and I'm in and out of the car, but I listen to you every single day
Well, thank god for you, man. Okay, I just I didn't hear you mention that
But I thought it was the stupidest but the king of all time stupid movies you did I did I thought it was a great movie
Yeah
When they surprised them that he can't go to bed with all the women he has to have a mechanical
Mershavation machine. Yeah, he had a little tube going. Yeah. Yeah, that was a that that brought me up
I was thought about that movie for years
Anyway, I think your show is great. It's great to have something different out of year and I agree with you with more with the morning
I hear him go on at six o'clock and whatever time he goes on and I shut him right away
I can't wait. I really can't wait for you to come on at nine o'clock, but I wish you'd go back to spend that's kind of how I feel
I can't wait to one o'clock. Okay, I have a great day
You too. Thank you
Hey, I'd like to go back to 10 to 2 also, but to see they created this problem now
They don't know how to fix it. They don't know how to sort. Uh, you know, follow what I'm saying. Yeah, I know
They know how to make it right. That's Greg read for it like it's a Humpty Dumpty thing
You know all the king's horses and all the king's asses couldn't put it together again. That's you Greg
Nice job point to figure out everybody else try to throw everybody else out of the bus for your own bad moves Greg
Not full on this kid. Not for a minute and by the way, why do you write a gift norm is check? Okay?
Quit playing games with people's money
One of the things I love about this company is that people that when they make you wait for a check and they finally get the check and they'll get the check and they'll look and see that it was dated like two months before
Yeah, but it didn't have the little squiggle on the bottom. In other words
Uh, it's the Robin Peter to pay Paul thing again
So you hold back a bunch of checks long enough and keep checking at bank account to see if they can give this one his bonus check and pay this one for the
Marlins games see how that works at Q.A.M. Yeah, we're not liquid yet. That's how it works liquid
If you call that liquid, not least part of it sometimes
1142 at 560 especially when you work for Greg. In fact a lot of times
I want to tell you one more time today that size makes a big difference in spite of what anybody else tells yet
According to the Florida Department of Labor
Computer professionals have big impressive effective paychecks they work and according to these state of Florida
Computer careers are among the highest paid and the highest demand fast-trained can help you achieve that new high paying
Computer career and just four short months. It's a piece of cake
They've got locations all over town. So there's bound to be one fairly convenient to where you be living
They're in Kendall Miami for Lauderdale and Pembroke Pines and they've got day evening weekend schedules
So there is absolutely no excuse to stay in a crappy dead end job working for peanuts for some buttplug who scratches his head all day long
So call fast train toll free at 1-866 fast train
That's 1-866 fast train. They got full-time job placement and guaranteed financing too
Call them or check them out of the web at fast train.com because now you can have a bigger one than you ever dreamed you could have a big impressive
Useful paycheck toll free. It's 1-866 fast train
The Rogers is my lover
White boys
I'll send you me to Per
I need to Per
White boys
It's a all blank with the yellow stitch on the bottle
White boys on the bottom. It's party to try
White boys from shiny and polished every day
White boys on the new Pearl Jam. It's okay. White boys
Section boots are dope man
White boys. I'll have to show you how to store man
I got a boy with a frowns of blues in his hands
White boys. The ladies look at me like God
The mess. I'll send you me to Per
I need to
So I can get the hiking in my Doc Martyr
White boys hiking in my Doc Martyr
I can get the hiking in my Doc Martyr
What's up, Noah?
What's up, Noah?
White boys. I can't get the hiking in my Doc Martyr
What's up, Noah?
I'm Kevin at 560 WQ and please tell me that I'm having like double vision or something for my stroke
I'm reading this thing wrong what it says on the align there on line 12
Yep, that's it.
Hello Jeff.
Yep. I'm just making sure you're still feeling okay
But but also I have to thank City furniture because after you helped me they were unbelievable
They came right back out six my kids beds
Were polite drivers and give me any hard time. They did an awesome job. I have great furniture
All that taking care of City furniture rules. Thank you for your health. Deal
What's happening?
Have a great day, Jeff.
What?
Why did you put him on?
I mean we love Jeff Cohen. Good guy. Long time friend and sponsor
But you know it the idea that he's just going to use this show as his personal play toy every day
Now that I'm up here that's unacceptable. Carlos
You better straighten that little spick out George
What do you want me to say?
It's stupid. No, not a question of what you say after the show is out over today.
Oh, straighten him out. Get a two by four. Get that machete over there to one add some against the wall the OJ one
I'll take his toilet treat bag away from it. There you go
Limit his his his preparation for leaving the studio to like 25 minutes and see how he reacts
Oh now you're being uh overboard over to your line five six. I can't believe he just did that to me again. Why is he doing that?
Is he losing it?
Did I give him a nice uh a wild extended plug yesterday my good friend Jeff Cohen?
Oh, that's right you're gonna say anything as you want to keep getting fed for free. I forgot about it
I like Jeff Jeff's always been there. I like him too, but I just I find it just appalling
I have no words to describe the shock and the smell
Maybe we don't have like a regular feature on a show of beats most of the other calls we get anyway
We'll just have a regular feature where Jeff calls in and just to use his five minutes of the show every day for free
Why that limited to him you got lots of sponsors
The other people don't do that they don't use the show to exploit for fun and profit. They don't do that. Do they?
No, I guess they don't oh
Here's hi Aliah. This should be a good call. Hello. What's up, Neil? Yes, sir. I will save you from the corn dog
Yeah, one that I would like and desert island all that I want some red snapper man
Yeah, how bet I'll bet you do
I see I thought that was an interesting topic, but you know what the problem is they don't
No, no, that is the problem
But you know what I'm saying in other words they evidently maybe that's only for us real fat people
And since I'm the only fat one connected with the show
Uh, I guess I'm way out of line again
Something that comes up a lot people are always asking that what would you know if you could
Be one food if you're a spread out of desert island and you could have as much of it as you want to
But be the only thing you could have that you would we'll keep you happy
We could do all of it. I said Roger's almond brittle because it's the most delicious thing
I've had in years. It's its candy, but it's great
And that's so yeah, you would get sick and die from it
But you're gonna get sick and die anyone and desert island where would that's just for fun
All see you say just for fun. They don't want to do that. They don't want to do that
I thought it was an excellent topic, but you know corn dog is the one answer we got in other hours very good
And snapper
Well, that's another story at least he didn't say black stone ash like you said
459 votes on the pool. What would be the happiest of Neil croaked
Moe Howard David had with dance on Neil's grave
262 people 57% of you think that Moe would dance on my grave. Have you ever seen an old man with varicose veins tried to dance?
No, but I'd like to I'd like to let's see him fall down on it and then fight out. I'm not really in there
George is second, but it is in second 75 votes because he thinks he'd get to show if I croak
Dennis the chronic professional Catholic homophobies got 47 both boys sure pulled away from his ass
Greg read a real evil newer 21 fox news had their 20 Reverend Kennedy
17 of the crawl Ridge Presbyterian Jew and the Fag Hating Church
Geli uh eight out of spite Eric no more long pool six and John Gibson a five fox news still has only a small pair
He really is small potatoes, you know
John Gibson Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Good afternoon to you almost I'm also a gay hater, but I don't I would yeah, I was Reverend there is Reverend
That was a real Reverend Jones. I stand corrected. Yes, that was him. See I know him
567056 and we got three or four minutes to kill here and they just can't do it. Can they they can't get it up
We got to put Jeff Cohen on here again to snore the show again
Which I'm just in shock that he would do that again. Don't go having a stroke. No
I'm just I'm just not happy. I'm really not happy. They did that you know because I could I could left him just hanging there
That would have been rude, you know
He's calm to see if I'm still okay. I'm telling you what call me again about 130 Jeff see if I'm still and then about three and then about four
15 would be good
Don't call between no don't call between three and four cuz passions is on at that time
Gali Miss Molly. Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing good. I've got a question. I'm a little confused about the the North Korea
Problem. I know that the last thing I read was about it. I suppose I guess we cut off some type of fuel shipment which
I just gave them a reason to try to start up this nuclear program
I'm just trying to figure out why we stopped the that shipment in the first place
We stopped the shipment of
Well, no, it was
nerve gas
Wasn't it was it was a
It was a scud that we stopped with the nerve gas. I have the story right here. So if you listen now, I'll read it
Cargo of several tons of chemical that can be used as a precursor to nerve gas was delivered in North Korea recently more the same ship
That was intercepted last December a hauling scud missiles to Yemen the Washington Times said yesterday
Intelligence sources said the shipment of sodium cyanide arrived in North Korea in port of Nampo last week
Aborder freighter So san which is the same ship that was stopped in the Indian Ocean by US and Spanish warships as it sailed for Yemen with 15 missiles and warheads
The So san was allowed to continue its voyage with its cargo intact after US official determined that the Yemeni government legally purchased the scuds
After unloading in Yemen the So san picked up the sodium cyanide in Germany and was tracked by US intelligence services as it sailed back to North Korea the time said and that great
It was tracked back we didn't do anything about it. We just uh, you know watched it
I just want to go back at you. There you go. Sodium cyanide. Maybe they're just using it for something else like you know
treating meat something like that
5670560 pound 560 on a AT&T line. Here's Davy. Hello
Davy hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Hi Neil. How you doing? Okay? Um Neil. I have the misfortune of having to drive i95
About once or twice a month from here up to Washington DC and you're riding along
Listed on the radio trying to find a station. It's impossible all the stations sound the same everything clear channel owns everything right or some other group owns it
And if you turn it on in that we're land those stations sounds the same as the Jacksonville station sounds the same as the Charlotte station
Right and it's sad. It's really sad. There is no diversity. There is no variety
It's all the same if I hear a stairway to heaven again. I'll blow my brains out. Yeah
You know, it's all the same stuff
So I don't know who these people are saying about there's more selection and stuff
And I have to I have to laugh when they talk about the diversity it's created
Let's take South Florida to Miami market as an example
All the stuff that's been going on in the news the last few months and since 9 11
If you really want to find out after nine o'clock in the morning
If you want to find out any news about what's happening in the world you can forget about it because they're thanks to clear channel
There is no more news station when they bought all those stations from Paxon
W I N Z was all news and W I would be was at talk station. Yep, then they swapped that out
Then they tried to talk on I and Z and that flopped one over like a pregnant pole of order
Then they made it into Fox sports because it was cheap and they opened up a pot and I'll let you just put that syndicated crap on there
And they turn I would be into supposedly the news station, but guess what the news is on in the morning only
And the rest of the day we have a bunch of syndicated crap. That's great. That's correct
So if you're driving around like in the middle of September the top of an hour
But in the middle of an hour and you really want to find an all-new station in South Florida, guess what? Don't have one good luck
Yeah, thanks, Neil. You took your other show. Thanks. I'm in my see. I see there's a good guy. He's happy
He likes the show. He's honest about radio with sucks
And seriously if you want to find out what's going on I had the same experience. Well, I was there
On days when they were like pressing and more important things than who want to go to the ball game or you know about the Tyson fight or some crap who won some goddamn golf tournament
And you flip around the dial and there's nothing there is no such thing it doesn't exist in South Florida
So they've taken two formally sensational radio stations WI and Z 50,000 once and WI would do what some of us know a little bit about and they've turned them into crap
crap
I
Say let's have 20 all sports stations at a market then Greg can have hemorrhoids all all year round
Because the room around here is he's crappin' in his pants about 850 is going 50,000
Who gives a crap if they go two million watts?
They're in Palm Beach County. They have nothing to do with us
Always crappin his pantaloonies remember the fan first went on the year and he's fighting lawsuits
He's having a nervous breakdown see the people that have a nervous breakdown and file lawsuits other people
I have no idea what they're doing. That's what the problem is when you're insecure and you haven't got a clue
And the fact of the matter is that after five years they still don't understand what this show is all about
That's the best part of the deal. They haven't got a clue what this is all about or how to make it work
But anyway have a nice day Greg sports and pain norm sports
Four minutes till noon at 560 well at least we closed out the phone segment today with a guy that had something to say
How do you like that? Huh? When I could wait long enough
No seriously because it's psychologically that made that makes me almost want to come back again tomorrow
And then I think about the fact that next Tuesday's the 25th and there will be paychecks plural air for me on the 25th right clearance
And so it'll be worth coming back
And if not, I'll just call clearance up and he'll say sports
Speaking of sports, Palpano Park offers great harness racing for everybody
And this week is the biggest event of the season coming up the quarter million dollar electric pre-paste night this Saturday, February 22
In addition to more than 250,000 dollars in stakes race and Saturday
It's family fun night with the first 4,000 fans to receive a free ala capri
Pace baseball caps during its 6 p.m
There's also a free vacation prize drawing live Phillips or music free miniature horse rides clowns face painting gifts
To the kids great food and lots more if you're 18 and older want to experience what it's like to work as part of a pit crew on a real indie car
The come on out to Palpano Park this Wednesday and Friday night like tonight and try the indie racing league pit stop challenge
Top score each night wins two tickets to the March 2nd to the indie 300 at home said mommy speedway and it's free to winter
Palpano Park lots of stuff going on live racing five nights a week Monday Wednesday Thursday Friday and Saturday
First post time 715 with free general parking free admission every afternoon evening tonight's Wednesday
So it's Dalai with dollar a hot dogs and the sodas and beers and pretzels et cetera and so on
Palpano Park where a Brian series is God on power line road a block south of Atlantic Boulevard look for fat reach
He'll mark your program for you for a small fee
516
The state called steam but you can call me Kelsey whenever I'm in town. I listen to wait a minute. I am in town
It's the 12th of one hour
Boy that lobster plied
The single
To them free turn shore was great
And by the days
Every turn from R.E.M. Mr. Waiters. No one day that website would be content
To let me see these or types
Okay, that sucks. We have to pay
Those were the days
And now a public service announcement from the naval forces and retired rear admiral Dan C. Worthy due to the recent shortage in recruits
We here at the Navy are being forced to come out and tell you the American people that we need semen
We need a lot of good strong semen frankly. We're so low that we're looking for all kinds of semen
We get young semen old semen heck at this point. We'll take any semen that shoots our way
Without semen we're not the men we should be so please help us
We need your semen America. Give us all you can as we say in the Navy all hands on deck
Thank you the proceeding was a message from the naval forces trying to lick their semen problem once and for all
The following announcements paid for by Adidas Nike the Cleveland Cavaliers and Haynes underwear
Yo, what's up? This is LeBron James. Give me little love
Yeah
I'm a basketball phenom on a acro and oh hi oh
Firestone tires for your card truck or SUV can I get a little bit of love on a firestone tires my brother now
The Ohio State Athletic Association has suspended me for the rest of the season
I know right and declared me
Unintelligent or something because I accepted two old school sports jerseys
What I don't understand what the hell I don't roll unlike most people I got lots of birthdays during a county
You know what people like to give me things like to see a Pepsi twist a twist on a great thing
Oh
Right right all right right anyway drink Pepsi. I'm just a normal eight senior or high school student who just happens to drive a
$50,000
Where's the diamond here in the size of a small child's hair
K jewelers because every kid's big is wick a thing baby right
I don't get the whole big thing chicken wing. I may still go to college
All right, I got some of the oven right here check this one an unnamed school that's nestled in the blue grass area
Or was a pale house apartment
Of pale house
And a lifetime subscription to
Last year, they're offering like a theme package deal
Here's another institution in the heart of the Chapel Hill area
Which will go on name they say they be honored to have me they have boxed up and sent to me a naked Russian woman
Direct from Russia which I keep from my own boy right I haven't unpacked it yet
But she's knocking and screaming and whatnot. I have my boy Tyrell here puts it in the garage with my box of cougar and from an unnamed
University closely associated with a Wolverine
Garage is spilling over anyway, I got to get back to class now with my boys
No, no, no, we gotta go. We gotta go. I already missed like three months so far. Oh
I just filled my Pepsi twist on my new Hugo boss. Look at this. I got a little McDonald special sauce on there
By the way, come on up party. What's a big Mac? We're for limited time. You visit one part to spade him
McDonald's and buy big Mac you get no one for 35
35
The preceding has been paid for by footlocker an unnamed university in the nutmeg state and death comedy jam and now
Dr. Jeremy Burnham with a dramatic reading of no scrubs by TLC
Dr. Burnham a scrub is a guy that thinks he's fly also known as a buster
Always talking about what he wants just sit some and broke ass
So no I don't want your number. No, I don't want to give you mine and no
I don't want to meet you nowhere
No, I don't want none of your time and no, I don't want no scrub
A scrub is a guy that can't get no love for me hang it out the passenger side of his best friend's ride
Trying to holla at me
No scrub no scrub no no no no scrub no no no no no no no no scrub no no no no no no no no
Oh!
Oh, right!
Down through the strip-coids back there, no!
You take a dollar in the garden of the town through the hole!
He said honey, got money, no you!
But when you take him in back, get to the private room!
Pull the hand job!
Hand job!
Hand job!
Let's hand it his job!
Take no clothes all she is just!
I'm gonna hold you down, I like a tuna fish!
Take it up a big hole, love this rat!
You only buy the smell, get the tail where it's at!
We're a hand job!
Hand job!
Hand job!
Let's hand it his job!
Squirt, Squirt!
Girls with the hand of moving fat guys!
She know how to make the ball bit dry!
That's a shake to the shower now!
We need to skip our gondola power!
Hand job!
Hand job!
Hand job!
Let's hand it his job!
Hand job!
Ten past an unit, five sixty!
Speaking of that pull I want us to take on who's gonna be the first two in person?
I'll be croaked!
Yes?
How's Jeff Hyde doing?
He left the hymn off at every left-off Josh Reign, engineer Julio, all these contenders!
So we have a lot of contenders for that, I don't think we want to do that right away tomorrow!
We don't want to do two death pull!
No doubt he don't belong on that pull!
Although?
Is he worried about that?
We can put him off on there, you never know!
Yeah, there are other factors.
Yeah, like the O'Reilly factor?
How about the 850 factor? I understand that, my kill us.
It's 11 past noon, that's what they're saying back there, they're like peeing in their pants, that's the reports I'm getting from all over the radio station is where he's like using depends now.
And what we just talking about June Allison yesterday?
Where he is for him I guess?
Where he's bringing a case of depends.
Anyway, we ever presented with an opportunity when you should have could have done something but didn't do it there's an incredible Fannie Mae mortgage rate out there at 3.45%.
And this rate available by calling financial group tool free 1-800-9405-363.
If you were to compare a 7% rate with 3.45%, you'd save 3500 bucks in the first year loan for each hundred thousand dollars that you owe.
In other words, $100,000 cost only $447 a month.
It's an opportunity that won't last long because it's a 40 year low.
So if you're thinking about refinancing or purchasing a home call financial group tool free, they'll be happy to answer all your questions with no obligation.
Call 1-800-9405-363.
The process is simple and the call is positively absolutely free. 1-800-940-0.
Financial group is in the equal housing letter and they've helped thousands of borrowers with this Fannie Mae program and they'd like to do the same for you.
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change if you wait too long. 5.34 APR.
Call financial group today at 1-800-940-0.0 LED and you know what I forgot?
What? The Dow is down 59 points on the next down about 11.
3-8-1.
We're supporting you 5-6-1-2-A-M.
3-8-1.
Three-huts and Miami Fusion's head coach and I love the queen of South Florida and Neil Rogers should be in booking in palace but we'll keep them here.
Tired of the same old seafood restaurants?
Then skip the red lobster and come on in to Erica's Red Snapper.
Erica's Red Snapper is very popular. That's why it's the only Red Snapper open 24 hours a day.
Everyone loves to eat Erica's Red Snapper and if you have a large party to entertain, no problem.
Erica's Red Snapper will always find a way to squeeze everybody in even if she has to open the back door.
Erica always keeps her Red Snapper fresh so when you take a whiff of her Red Snapper you'll never get that icky fishy smell.
Things around Erica's Red Snapper can get a little hairy and that's why Erica's Red Snapper is happy to provide protection to whoever asks for it.
So don't wait, come on in to Erica's Red Snapper today.
Red Snapper for the snapper lover and you.
I didn't know the front porch hair down my back.
14 shivis up on the jet.
I drink that beer, never get full.
All day long at the tractor full.
Plants all home, everything's a buzz.
Saturday comes when I'm married my cousin.
He wants to have the wedding at the door of her face.
Got the grumped last night, almost bad, a tornado hits my double wife.
A name's on my belt and a John Deere hand.
16 dogs and 13 kids.
Go and kill the bank to get some bucks.
I'll figure wheels, oh my crew.
When he did his poor wife and in a sporting mod, he likes his old big and added up a hot-up with that.
I tailgate in my big fort to read them signs, baby aboard.
I eat them signs that make me nervous.
No shoes, no shirt, no service.
I love my idols, I eat joking, richer, petty, and big, all cold.
The sticker on my bumper is a little bit.
I eat wings during your bar prayers, a bit.
I eat wings, oh my crew.
I eat wings, oh my crew.
I eat wings, oh my crew.
When a guy's got a wheel on the feet, we're almost ever hit the pot.
Even though many men say he will never hit the center of the pot.
You when a guy is person makes the water re-ismission at the pot.
Guys don't hit the pot.
Guys don't hit the pot.
Guys don't hit the pot.
Guys don't hit the pot.
When a guy is standing, then you know it's never landing in the pot.
Will you better be wearers because you know that beard careless at the pot.
Even though we can mark it, we can never hit the target at the pot.
In the chances hands are slim, we'll be tryin' it around the room.
There is the pot.
Guys don't hit the pot.
Guys don't hit the pot.
Guys don't hit the pot.
When a guy is standing in the Ted's, then you know it's never landing in the pot.
Guys don't hit the pot.
Guys don't hit the pot.
Guys don't hit, guys don't hit.
Guys don't guys don't guys never hit the pot
It's a light he don't love us
Not surprised that he don't we gave him warning
Said I made this arm in and I get the feeling he wants
You seem very new you seem pretending
What he is hiding away
We're going in just to teach him a lesson that is that crime doesn't pay
Baby
We're going in the back
All rights
Reggie White, for a scamble soup.
They'd nothing like a hot bowl of soup.
You know what, take me back to a time when my man had done it all whole neighborhood smell like canned tomatoes.
Wearly ate like that no more, with all the new flavors from scamble soup, like gigaboo stew,
with chunky rat bowl and motor melon pit, and my favorite cremo mule,
86., parler with TeeGold poopthit uses,
o.Andiorn did where he'd assembles dough-muggled bread and,
That's interpretation but reveals a lot of golds,
especially with the white, coupled to the omega C,
with the yellow Digitalze Gully,
and now checking all the digitalhnoma proven products,
a dollar from the past. What is it? You're having a controversial show on
colors from the past. No, we're not talking about colors from the past. You're
a bitch. A bitch that you're doing? Sure, what are you talking about? You're
plain old bitch. No, no, I'm not. We had a call a while back and I guess you
did a tape and you made some type of a cart on it. I guess that's what they're
telling me. And we discussed not playing it on the air. What are you talking
about? The part that gave it, sir. That was one of my
two days. Yes, sir. Yeah. Appreciate to not play that. I thought you
would leave it a letter. Did you receive your letter, sir? Your gay. Your gay. Did you
receive the letters, sir? Your gay. Your gay. Sir, your gay. Did you
receive the letters? Your gay. They'll be a lawsuit. Your gay. Sir. Your gay. No,
your gay, sir. Your gay. What was he trying to say? Your gay. Oh. Hey, man. Who
the hell are you? I'm Kurt Cobain. I was in the group, Nirvana, man. I don't like
them. Confetti News and the. Yeah. Hard to Laosie albums. I had money hit
records. I was the most top on top of the world until I'm out of the
gook and got shot in the head. Hi. I'm Mama Cass. Avoid the ham sandwich. I'm
Karen Carter. Can I have it? I'm Mr. King. I can have a
shot. The fuck up. How you doing, Kurt? I'm Buddy Holly. Have you seen my glasses?
Hey, look at all these other place cards at my table. Keith Richards, Sinatra, and
all of the black crows. Yeah, they'll be here in town for dinner. You long head hockey.
Stupid. What's that? Oh, man. That's just the armor that drummer fell
from deathly at heart or something like that. 1225 at 560. Nobody can you
want to step on it last piece? No. We have 507 votes on the poll 514, like I
said, who would be the happiest of Neil Croke? Moly Howard, David, and would dance
on Neil's grave, 290. George thinks he'd get the show 87. Dennis, the chronic
professional Catholic homophobe, Asshole 53. Greg Reed, a real evil doer, 23.
Reverend Dr. James Kennedy, 22. Got a late start, but he's catching up.
Fox News Heather, 21. Geldie, just out of spite nine. Eric, no more of those long
pools to the O'woods, 6. And John Gibson and Fox News has only three. Guess what's
coming up on March 1st, by the way, which isn't that far away? What? Shame on you.
Shame on you. And March 1st? March 1st. It's a week from tomorrow, isn't it? Right. Am I right?
Uh, is it a week from Friday? Saturday.
A week from Saturday is March 1st? Well, that's right. It's only the 19th. Saturday,
so that means I guess on Friday, we'll have to do my 27th anniversary show. Oh,
that's right. It's on my calendar, but the wrong page. Yeah. And guess who can
call in that day? Remember, Jeff Cohen. Speaking of food, by the way, the number
one Chinese buffet in the world, the Emerald Coast, you'll find three locations
for you. Man, if you have a healthy appetite, they don't have corn dogs. So that's
the bad news, but the good news is they got just about everything else. They're in
sunrise, North Miami Beach and the brand new in Pemberpines start with one of or a bunch
of six different great soups. They've got dozens and dozens of delicious
mouthwatering on trace. Everything fresh and crunchy. Nothing soggy and mushy that sits
there for hours and hours at the Emerald Coast. Believe me, you'll taste and smell and
feel the difference oriental surf and turf on the weekends. New York strip
steak made you order the gourmet center, assizzling Asian real with teriyaki
steak, shrimp chicken, seafood, hand-carb prime rib. The Emerald Coast Pro's healthy
living, too. You won't walk out of there with a headache. I guarantee you just a
full stomach because they don't use any MSD or cornstarch and they cook all only
with cholesterol for your oils. They buffet features a full salad bar, a sushi bar,
a fresh shrimp cocktail, and Emerald Coast famous lobster fest is back right now,
featuring lobster thermonors and lobster bisque. Bring a healthy appetite because
you're going to have to try to salvage some room for dessert. They've got a
gigantic dessert bar featuring pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream and all your
favorite toppings, and fresh fruit, the perfect ending to a gigantic feast at the
Emerald Coast. You'll find them in sunrise, the original soft-flour to location,
Pine Island at 44th Street, they're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd
North Miami Beach, and the other section of Flamingo and Pembroke Rose in Pembroke
Pines. They accept reservations, take out and delivery available as well,
call 954-57238-22. 954-57238-22 for the unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
