Morning, Neil Steve is boring. Yeah a lot of my colors this morning complaining if the
Dolphins were all watching us stay in the same place with the sports there's
Want to do if they want 83 and nothing maybe say oh gee they didn't look so good in the fourth quarter
I had a guy say that no
Turkey's fired today because of the way they played the second half of my shut up
How about those patriots huh?
So I was at the same hey, I knew they'd cover I thought Philly'd win but I had to pay
three hits and the points and
Just wanted to turn the money. I mean I was in Vegas. Are we gonna hit 14 out of 20 baseball spreads and we bet the odds on the
Motoric side and all the numbers on our station. They never ever lose if you know
I lost money I lost five NFL games, but I hit the Dolphins half time in the other goes to Vegas and wins every trip
What you doing to out of this weekend? I have more fun in you none of your business. I had more fun in you
No chance I had more fun in you
No, you could have more fun in me if you had frickin 50 core vets dude
I'm so much faster than you you'd be losing weight. I'm not a reason you can't lose weight
Quit eating condoms hang out for real here by the way. You see at 180 a heat packs on scone good
You want to hear it? I already heard it. I hope people send more of them
I love people that hate me. They're all bunch of
Pleas I don't like boxing. I don't like it
No, Harry can blow me. How's that sound? No, Harry who does want a boys?
I know Harry can lick my ass. Does that sound? He said if he could find it
He can lick my ass then blow me. Says nobody cares about Vegas. Nobody cares about Vegas long
I saw 400 people from my amnesty. Nobody cares about boxing except the 11 million paper view buys
Nobody cares about the 60,000. That's great. Scottie says you're not great. I better than great. I'm fabulous
Harry's probably about 110 Harry can blow me after he licks my ass
You do understand this this Thursday is the big day. You do understand that doctor
What is Thursday Thursday is the trend man two months of the summer bro
Oh, the parker is building the building Wow you said that the last time and I blew up like a friggin hot air balloon
Right and that's what I'm telling you now. Do you think I'm worried about that? Do you think I'm worried about it?
I want you to be more you're the most defensive best. I am a slight invite days. I drank six bottles of ramen
I got the ass of his hell. I hate more food than you eating turpees out there or something
I did not get her be exact it's some chicken
He had sex with some horror with big boobs and when he was done
He said his name was Rick Williams from Miami
That actually had sex with something alive
Yeah, any better any better at the room out where she said
Anyone upstairs listen to this anyone upstairs and rub his fake five day
Jew tattoo on a shoulder on her face
So when she walked out of the elevator in the morning to go back home to her friends
She had a big star of David on her forehead
Speaking of oil and having another party at Roy's Thursday night for the by-tech game have a great day
Roar. Roar. Have a great day. See you sky. I love you
Bring from constipation met a mussel can help
Met a mussel
For those times when you want to push it push it real good
Mussel
Oh
He's a monkey wear all monkeys down
I'm a monkey here a monkey she's a monkey
He's a monkey wear a monkey's mouth
Oh, swing it three two three
We scream as quark and shout
No response that bell at this that's what we're all about
Oh
I'm a monkey here a monkey
We don't do anything
We're told because we don't know how
Don't brush hearts, we don't come out here
We don't even wear clothes
We're lost on meet your queens
I'm a monkey here a monkey she's a monkey she's a monkey wear all monkeys down
We're done well man, we're gonna be here
We just know to drop through
Well, don't come from around me, you'll laugh until we were fed
Then we'll lay down scratch art but then watch you while turn red
Let's go over monkey here a monkey she's a monkey she's a monkey wear all monkeys down
We wouldn't want to be a dog that can't help or sorkow
We're smelly and we like it and we've heard the things you sound
Don't come from dancing to the fun so I will listen to your head
Oh, I'm a monkey here a monkey wear a monkey mouth
I'm a monkey here a monkey she's a monkey wear a monkey mouth
We're just know to drop through
We scream as quark and shout
No response that bell at this that's what we're all about
Oh wow
10.656.12 on monkey a monkey can give away a billion dollars in life to our broadcast originating from Orlando with Duke Curious host
But the only problem with this story is it doesn't say when the show is you know
No you haven't heard about this
No candle the chimpanzee stars as Mr. Moneybags and the WB's Pepsi play for a billion
The life to our broadcast originates from Orlando with Duke Curious a host
The game started with a thousand people who all found specially marked bottle caps they'll be flown to Orlando with their pick numbers from
Let's either 6 0 6 times to 90 90 90 90 as 6 9s from that pool 10 contestants will be chosen
It's a big luck out Curie told each of our son the 10 finalists will compete in several survivor like stunts
Some will be offered the chance to take whatever cast they win the preliminary heats and leave
One will come out with a shot of the 10 digit grand prize
Someone is guaranteed a million bucks and has a one thousand one chance at the billion dollar hall in order to win the contestants have to pick the same 6 digit number that kindle the chimpanzee picks
How do you like that?
So if you want the million would you pass it up and go for the a thousand one chance at the billion?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, who was a stiff kid? A Hell, who was a stiff kid? A Hell, who was a stiff kid? You were a otra's son, a이� us- my grandfather was a Woofwell, and then lots of people Summit and
Church abuse crap. Relentless. That he is. Yeah. Okay, let me stick that way down here. We'll get to it. Go see the Magdalensisters.
You told me that another retired pre-faces molestation charges.
Is there any end of this? No. I'll work it in. Welcome in the rectumry.
Meanwhile, I keep reaching back here because you keep threatening that you have faxed me that stuff and I don't want to talk about it until I see what it is.
Oh, it's a simple little message that just says that it's okay to talk about it now. All of the appropriate parties have been informed.
But we don't have any information as to the, um, no, no details. The wives or the wereforges of the house? No. Last night.
Bad news. People are draper like flies boys and girls. We got a local friend of ours. So I'm really, I worked with them a whole bunch of times.
Give you a clue. Party.
Yeah. Don Cox. Yeah. Yes. Terrible news. Good guy. Proud. You know, he had problems. Don't we all had his problems during the course of his career?
But, um, how old could he have been like midfifies, I would say? Right. That's what I'm guessing. Had a weight problem. Had a little bit of a problem very non-end.
But he's died, which is comes as a total shock to us. Don Cox. What are the originals? Was it I 95? When I was working on W. I. Z. He was on the F M which later became Zeta. Of course, but at that time it was I 95.
And he was a hoot. He had all kinds of stuff going on at the time that he got kidnapped allegedly. And then it was fine. Got the crap beaten out of him supposedly by the mob. I don't even know what that was all about.
Other than later on we determined it was a publicity stunt. But he was, uh, and then of course he was on the world famous candle toy other show that in the commercial that awful, awful, awful show.
But Mark Jacobson that I was on that I got sucked into being on many times so you could have that stupid car. Thank you.
And then amazing. The sacrifices that I make for even for quizzlings like George. Mm-hmm. No, it was embarrassed. Oh, you know what? This copy I got. I'm looking at what the first spot is here. It's not the right copy. Fat boy. You're a type of crap, man. You're a piece of turd.
You're a gigantic humongous turd that wouldn't even go down a bowl. Even those total bowls aren't picking up to carry him. What am I going to do? I got that running twice today.
Very, very sad how the QM sales department continues malingering. Just don't give a crap to send the everybody. Just give us the guy damn money. That's all we want your money.
I'm thinking of a new format that might work out the only problem is you and Scott would have to be really.
Right on top of that dump. I just playing the audio from Playboy TV. Yeah, I'm right.
It was that much. This isn't too good. This all about the visual. This is an SNM thing. It's all right. So we're just going to get sound effects.
I'll play along. No, you're not going to get sound effects. You'll get to dialogue when it's appropriate, but they're going to be a few.
What? A few choice words. A few of those. Even more than the Jerry Springer shirt. I get the choice.
Yeah, you pick and choose which ones you want to bleep out. When it that bleep it out. What that was I just going to say that was so important about all the copy.
So Don Cox passes away. We said our condolences to his family and all the people that he worked with over the years.
It's amazing. Shocking. Drop in like flies. You got Johnny Cash and John Ritter and Don Cox. It always comes in threes. You know what that right?
It's always a trio of death because the Lord works in mysterious ways. And it's all a big pile of crap. So enjoy while you can.
Maybe enjoy every single minute of every day because once they stick your ass in the ground.
I haven't found anyone yet who wasn't. See there you go.
It's like this is like Russian will out when you put the audio in there from Playboy TV.
You know, I discovered that my favorite show which you heard me talk about a year ago because I sat on a satellite in Amsterdam.
Was a sex court. Okay. Have you haven't seen that show? I saw a piece of it. It's a Playboy TV show. It's the best.
And they didn't have Playboy TV over on my dish, but they were like selected shows from it. And they put it on like over the year, Dutch channels over the year, not even cable.
And it's so that's the best show in the history of TV is sex court. Make no mistake about it.
1013 at 560 WQ I am. See, I don't know what to do with this spot because it's just it's not right. No, no, but this isn't the right thing.
This is bullcrap dial amatris. One of our favorites. Everybody's got a mattress and dial amatris.
But the problem is this is about your kids going back to college. What is it? This is 15th of September. Well, maybe your kids just went back to college. Okay. How's that? Okay. Maybe this maybe a fat boy would like to get laid out on a big guy.
Maybe it's time for him to go to the mattresses with Clemenza. All those fat guys can hang out together. You suck, fat boy. Okay. You're not on top of it. You're not doing it, baby. You suck. You blow. You make me nauseous. Okay.
Anyway, when you come to see says ends 9 1. I just noticed that on this one too. What's the day today 913 15.
If you want to get you a great night's sleep, there's one smart way to do it. That's called my good friends and dial amatris. You can't beat him on price. You can't beat him on selection.
They carry no seconds. No crap. Only the top names in the business. They got Serta and Celia. Whatever ones you love.
And as far as prices concerned, every day on beatable prices, not some phony bait and swish where you think you're getting one thing and they send you something else.
And as far as deliveries concerned, how the hell can you beat dial amatris? They give you an option of choosing to two hour window any day, seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 a night.
And believe you me, they'll be there on time when it's going to be convenient for you when you're going to be home with low prices, same day delivery and free setup and removal.
It's easy to see like dial amatris is the smart way to get you a great night's sleep for months and years to come.
I've been doing it for a long time. George gets his mattress from dial amatris. Even the lovely Miguel has been screwing his brains out of his lovely new wife on his dial amatris.
Pick up the phone and call him right now. It's all free. There'll be nothing on your dough and no time at all. 1-800-MATRUS. 1-800-MATRUS.
Be sure to mention that fat boys are a piece of crap when you call or check them on a web at mattress.com.
The smart, the intelligent, the easiest way to get you a great night's sleep.
We're sports radio 560.
She way am.
Party.
Ladies and gentlemen, Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Arnold, before we get started, what is that smell?
That's my new cologne.
It smells like onion dip. What is it?
That's onion dip cologne.
That explains it, I guess.
That's right.
Next question.
You know, there's all the speculation that you will lower, please.
You know, there was all that speculation that you weren't going to run.
I know. I fool the whole world.
What changed your mind?
What mind?
What changed your decision to run for governor?
Decisions are easy to make when you are informed.
What does that mean?
It's onion dip cologne.
No, I don't mean about the cologne. I mean, what does that statement mean?
Right. Next question.
What is that?
When I go to Sacramento, I will pump up Sacramento.
Well, how exactly are you going to do that?
I'm going to pump it up.
How?
By pumping.
But this is a government. This isn't a gym.
Not pumping.
Speaking of pumping, there have been some allegations that you have...
Oh, that's a trick.
...care for where you tread small report to mad.
Well, there have been reports that you have strayed in your mad...
Straight.
You straight.
It's onion dip cologne.
It's very nice.
Thank you.
I'm going to pump up Sacramento as the governor.
I would be the best governor of California since you were at Humphrey.
You were at Humphrey who was never the governor of California.
Exactly.
It's onion dip cologne.
Ten, nineteen, five, sixty, WDQM, twenty, two thousand, three hundred and sixty bucks as of, uh...
...whenever that was.
As of two Friday.
Right.
For our best of meal for abandoned pet rescue.
Next van hit will be this Wednesday.
I love you today.
I beg your pardon?
Three yesterday.
George and Miguel picked up eleven hundred eighty bucks on Friday in a van hit.
Next will be Wednesday location to be TBA to be announced.
Look at the birthdays today.
Dan Marino, Meg Green and...
...fat rich.
And happy birthday to all except Meg Green.
We don't like Meg Green too much on the show, do we?
No, we don't.
So who was that on a bad line?
Was that somebody about time conspired?
A default match with the birthday update.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Oh my god, we could have put him on here to say happy birthday to me.
That would have been good.
Okay, we got two polls today.
Oh, we give the...
You had a good poll on Friday.
It's about time.
Well, thank you.
I mean, uh...
I thought you were going to make something of it.
I see.
Well it's a good thing.
How about John Cox?
Oh, he's done Cox.
That was bad.
I mean, the guy is, I don't know.
We haven't seen him in a long time.
No, but no heart.
And he was over there at power 96.
And then he was on country kiss for about the five or ten minutes.
And one thing about Cox is he used to call in the talk shows.
Right?
Sometimes a little bit too late in the afternoon.
We know that he'd already been having a little party.
A little party.
Yeah, but you know, but he was, you know, he meant well.
I don't think there was an evil bone in his body, you know?
No.
Kind of hard to find him.
I'm at all that flat.
Who was Thomas?
I was a muffler's Thomas that he like ballooned up and he was in Georgia working.
Hmm.
I'll be damned.
Well, bad news.
Micronury not that long ago and Jerry Wissner before that.
And now, um, John Cox.
Jerry Williams.
Jerry Williams in between.
Which of course Tom Jikket didn't know about because he would know Jerry Williams from goddamn Joe, Joe, Joe, and Joe mama.
It's so sad that market.
How come we have nobody there that knows anything about anything?
We had a bug.
Oh, and Harold's got the new look today.
Still looks like a piece of crap to me.
God, what are, what is ever going to happen?
Anything going to change?
No.
Same old crap.
So the reason I'm doing this pull is because you sent me that Harry from Kendall, Riverdale, West South Miami.
Rip and Porellen asked.
So we'll find out we've taken this pull before when Moe was on before us.
Absolutely.
And it would be a sucked a big one like he always does.
What do you usually listen to before Neil show 8 to 10 a.m.?
This is pull number one.
Pull number two.
We're going to build and we don't have too much for it.
So far, which is good.
But we'll get to that.
What do you usually listen to before Neil show 8 to 10 a.m.?
Howard Stern.
Scott Farrell.
Ron and Paul.
NPR or music.
Now the reason I put music on there is because it covers pretty much anything else.
It could be music like on your CDs in the car or could be a music station which you're like Y100 or Power 96 or a Hot 105 or Radio Amor or Radio Romance or that crap or party.
Yeah.
It could be that.
Although I still think when the trend comes out you'll find that the party radio is on the way out.
That's my opinion.
I'm like this.
There is a roadie of parties over.
Hey Disney, I understand your real asshole.
That's a room around the building.
So anyway, that's the appolso far.
How did I leave anything out of note?
Not of note, no.
I mean, we could put like Haitian melodies but that's still music.
You know, music is a catch all there for because I don't want to put like a zillion different shows because I think most of the voice to time anyway.
Okay, here's George's poll result from Friday.
Here's what Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah, did you know that the Bob Center from DAWBIA, Radio News Director, nod 2?
Who did?
Bob Sandler.
WIOD Radio News Editor.
Tindy Days Center.
Are you serious?
I'm serious as I'm talking to you.
WIOD are dropping like flies, aren't they?
Yes, sir.
Thanks for the bad news.
Well, okay.
Do you know that?
Nope.
I have no idea who that was.
But I mean, still is one of our colleagues like our colleague Adam Kirschner and our colleague Brian Andrews.
Remember that?
I'm sure you do.
My colleague Adam Kirschner, Brian, you're such a little frugal.
And Adam still ain't interested.
Okay, sweetheart.
Adam still don't want to look at it.
He doesn't want to show you his.
He doesn't want to see yours.
At any rate, 1490 votes, not too bad.
Which famous John Deathbomb you at the most?
Of course, this is right on the hills.
See, I was so choked up about it.
I mean, Johnny Cash and John Ritter on the same day.
I couldn't even work on Friday.
It was a two-arm band day.
I was just choked.
I was chokening it.
John Lennon, 422.
Now, see, this again is a, this is a generational thing.
Sure.
Isn't it?
Absolutely.
Because JFK was assassinated November 22, 1963.
So, that's 40 years ago.
Damn, they're close.
We're getting close to that anniversary.
And of course, when it gets to be an even number like that,
you know this year they'll make a big stimulus about it.
Because it's 40.
Right?
Right.
It's like in 1993 they make it a big stimulus.
Because it was...
Yeah.
And it'll be 40 this time.
John Lennon, 422.
What year was John Lennon and Chad?
Scott, those?
I believe it was 1980.
I don't believe...
I don't believe in Adoncare if he's close.
I don't believe anything he says.
No matter what you say, you're always wrong.
See, there's something to be said for that.
I don't believe what I said.
Yeah.
I think it'd be great if we just had the music from Playboy TV.
All right.
The music of your life.
Yeah.
Yeah, but you know that when we're not paying too much attention,
somebody's going to say, yeah.
You know what?
I know.
When they log you into a false sense of security.
Well, look at this.
There's a little dark meat on there.
Getting close to Thanksgiving time.
John Lennon, 422.
JFKC, 254.
That was my vote.
I cried that day when President Kennedy got assassinated.
Yeah.
You're not impressed?
No, it was a tragedy.
I'm trying to think if I cried when anybody else got killed.
I don't think so or died.
Did you cry when John Ritter died?
No.
How about John Candy?
No.
How about...
No Frank Sinatra?
My two fat friends.
I cried when they died.
I see.
How about my two dogs?
John Balushi, 194.
That was sad.
Too much... too much pasta.
Too much drugs.
Mostly the drugs.
The fat people are the good people.
And the good people are the dead people.
Isn't that how it went?
So much.
John Candy speaking of that.
John Candy, 150.
Too much candy.
John. He was great.
We love John Candy.
He's long since dead.
John Ritter, 123.
And that, of course, is a timing thing.
Fresh in your memory.
JFK, Jr. 73, which we...
I'm revolted and nauseated by that.
There's no reason in the world.
Anybody should be broken up about that.
John Wayne, 60.
Johnny Cash, 46.
He's not walking the line no more.
In fact, we wanted to fight out from Johnny.
Whether he was in Heaven or Hell.
He said he's in Perkittor because he's still walking that line.
John Wayne, Casey, 36.
What is that all about?
They're funny.
John Bonham, 35.
John Holmes, 29.
Squirt, Squirt.
John Denver, 23.
John Edwistle, 22.
Who?
John Wilkes Booth, 10.
Johnny United, is Johnny U.
Old number 19, had nine votes.
John D. Rockefeller, too.
And John Tyler, typical new and Tyler, too, had one.
Just a little humorous vote there.
Just waiting to get shot out.
Shot out.
Now, you know who he inherited the presidency from?
Who died?
William Henry Harrison.
Okay.
Our ninth president.
He took his inauguration speech in Iran.
He was about a year ago.
He took it to pneumonia.
Slopped through his...
And he was president for just a few days.
And he croaked in a John Tyler inherited it.
But the campaign slogan with...
William Henry Harrison was known as Tipeek Anu.
Tipeek Anu and Tyler, too.
Isn't that great?
Are you impressed?
No.
I hold it right here.
Tipeek Anu, Tipeek Anu.
Ten twenty seven at five, sixty, WQM.
If you're looking for a great place to eat breakfast lunch,
or dinner, I want to tell you about Vick and Earth
from my hometown, Rochester, New York.
I could throw a brick from here across Lake Ontario,
right to Rochester.
Vick and Earth has been around since 1934,
one of my old stomping grounds back in Rochester.
Vick and Earth is located on federal highway.
Just south of Broadway, and on the tunnel on the east side.
Vick and Earth is like a flashback in time to what restaurants used to be
before fast food joints.
So go and enjoy a burger or hot dog served hot fresh and fast.
Vick and Earth is brought to Fort Lauderdale by the same guy
feeding a tea burger, a cheeseburger.
Vick and Earth uses the same fresh, 100% ground chock meat as tea burger,
a cheeseburger, and offers an incredible quarter pound hot dog.
Nothing like a big weeny.
What makes Vick and Earth different from anybody else in town?
Their burgers and dogs are served with a fixed signature meat sauce,
poured on top, giving it combination of flavors available,
no place else in town.
If you're looking for something else to try,
Vick and Earth has got lots of other great dishes, including a great breakfast menu.
Omelettes cook the order French toast pancakes,
all your favorite side dishes too.
So check out Vick and Earth and see what all the talk is all about.
Vick and Earth is located on federal highway.
Just south of Broadway, and on the tunnel on the east side,
you don't have to be from Rochester to love Vick and Earth's,
and please be sure and tell me that old Neo-Rodgers sent you by from OK Terrace, OK?
OK.
Hey, my name is LoL.
This is sports radio bicycle QAM.
Share about this idea, you know.
I'm very heterosexual.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
I've always been in the ball if you don't want to say it.
If you want to hit, he'll be sure.
There's no better way.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
I don't know about this.
Come out of the closet and tell everyone that you're gay.
Hey, no way would believe it.
What scares me, huh?
Even if you're like it, don't matter.
Just say that you're born.
Yeah, I don't know. That's much easier than done, damn.
If your picture take it, we're starting pretty boy.
And it's a gay boy.
What do I wear to a gay book?
Out your parents' clear as the answer, yeah.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Be a bad dancer.
Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey.
LoL.
He's talking about being a princess.
A princess.
Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey.
It's hip to me, hey.
LoL.
Way.
It's hip to me, hey.
That's what they say.
Oh.
If you want to make lots of money.
Well, hey, that is swell.
Yeah, I like to make lots of money, that's been good.
Or get being heterosexual.
Be a sicker, pal.
He's big, if I'll let.
He's a good one.
Yes, we love your world, a cycle.
I so feel the slow.
I don't know why you love my Harley.
Come on.
Tell people you know what life I'm showing.
Be my shoes of leatherloat.
Oh, I do like that bandie.
Just clear as the dancer.
Oh, I don't beat up that ain't dancer.
Oh, I don't.
The brother is a big dancer.
A friend's love.
It's hip to me, hey.
1034, 26 to 11.
I guess this hour is a good hour to have a playboy TV on the audio.
Why?
Why?
Because it's a visual thing.
They just had the music in the back.
So we don't have to worry about all the bleeping words.
27 votes on a poll.
Just went up on there on our first poll.
What do you usually listen to before Neil show 8 to 10 in the AM?
Scott for Ralph's got 10.
How do you like that?
Harry in South Miami, Harry from Hunger, River, and Elia.
Scott for Ralph's got 10.
They love him.
They want his ass.
Music 7, NPR 6.
Howard Spurms only got four.
Now that's the departure, right?
Right.
From what it used to be when we used to have the mole man on.
Absolutely.
Oh, and those horrible awful days.
And they're running Paul so far, a big none.
None.
Wait till they get out.
They're not leaving you like limp.
No, that's amazing.
Ron and Paul got the big, big old baby.
Shut out.
When did that thing got shut out?
Anyway, here's the fact that so bizarre.
They don't listen, you know?
Either that or they're like in denial.
It says in early August that Flute of Atlanta, I had to wait there for some other relatives.
I was in an air at Air Tram baggage claim and I saw the press frontiole looking feeble and sad sack guy waiting there on a bench.
I sat next to the guy because I thought he looked familiar.
It was effing Don Cox with a Power 96 T-shirt on.
I think he lives in Atlanta now.
Well, I realize people talking to present tense about people who died.
He died?
He doesn't live in Atlanta.
He just died like over the weekend.
Okay, like I guess yesterday or this morning.
Right.
I thought he lives in Atlanta now, even though he died.
So there you go.
So I guess he was a frontian, the old looking.
According to this guy, let's kind of crude.
You know, the guy just died and I waited to take in shots.
That's the South Florida F and wait.
That's exactly what you'd expect, isn't it?
In South Florida.
He just died.
I mean, he was well known.
He was on a radio.
I'm not saying he was like legendary or something like that.
Although I guess in his time, maybe, huh?
Sure.
Sonny Fox, Don Cox, Greg Budell, Jerry Williams, Alice Rantell, Mr. Ego, Meg Green, right?
Don Webb.
What a wicked web we weave when we choose to be seen.
That's why I told George Kepel at that time when he said he was straight, but he wanted to a gay entertainment show.
Huh?
He was straight.
Sure he was.
He was even straight, but he wanted to a gay show.
Anyway, here's the next poll we're going to be doing around probably a few minutes after 11.
About 30, man.
He'll change the poll round 1130.
Or noon, matter how we feel like it, because basically it's my show.
We'll do it however we want.
Who's the coolest of them all?
See, everybody uses that term cool and in regard to people, it's there aren't that many cool people anymore.
That's part of the problem.
Huh?
I mean, like, Baba, we used to have a president who a lot of us thought was pretty cool.
Yeah, he was cool.
He was cool.
Cool.
Uh, which, well, so here's the question, which well-known person best defines the word cool?
And so far between George and yours truly, we only came up with two names.
I did, I did a question, which I thought was a pretty good question as usual, with no names on it.
Because I couldn't think of anybody.
It took me a long time.
It took George.
He put his thinking cap on or his helmet cam on, which he used right now in Playboy TV, the helmet cam.
Johnny Depp.
He's great.
In fact, Johnny Depp is not, he's hot and he's cool.
Based on that necklace episode that he popped out of his ass.
That's the coolest thing I ever heard of.
It is.
Johnny Depp and I came up with Jack Nicholson.
I don't think anybody doesn't think that Jack Nicholson's cool, right?
Right.
So I think there's two good choices there, but we're going to have to have a lot of help from the audience to build that pull.
And we got plenty of time because we'll get to that later.
We're going to have Ferrell is pulling away from the pack.
He's got 22 votes.
Scott Ferrell, baby.
Wait till that trend comes out on Thursday, man.
You're going to see some, we're going to have a trend I'm predicting right now.
I don't want to get him up and clearance all whipped up to a frenzy.
Clarence might reach down and grab it briefly.
Grab what?
Grab for it.
Where it's supposed to be.
Grab that staff on, he's got.
Roy!
But I think Thursday you're going to see an astonishing friend.
I couldn't be wrong because of course it all depends on the fall out of the diaries and all the, you know, all that stuff.
I think you're going to be amazed.
Now why do you have Delray Beach on nine, Scott?
Because you know Delray Beach, hello.
Hey Neil.
One more for that poll in the morning is Bob and Pat.
Bob and Tom is excellent.
Good choice, man. You got good taste.
Hey, thanks very much.
Have a great day.
Thank you. Have a great day.
I told you that was a real call from Delray Beach.
Well it's only Monday.
My psychic powers don't get tuned up to like Thursday Friday later in a week.
You know what I was saying?
Oh, did we ever look up when John Lennon died?
Yes.
1980 December.
I was right.
Oh, that's here.
What was that?
It was to show you if it's going to crap up in a year soon or later.
So it'll come down and hit something right in the end.
Thank you very little.
Thank you.
That's one.
What was that?
He's up to one.
That's not too bad out of about 30,000.
Suspect and William sister killing caught.
Now I'm just like everybody else when I saw the Blurban TV over the weekend.
While I was watching the Patriots kick the Philadelphia Zans, the Eagles.
I see the Blurban over there.
I couldn't have been on there.
They don't put that on when there's a ball game on that sac, sacrosanct.
That's sacrilegious.
I must have been flipping over to a news channel.
I saw the crawl about one of the William sisters got shot.
And I thought was it was it Serena Williams?
Was it penis or Serena?
None of the above.
See, so obviously it's small potatoes.
A 24 year old man was arrested in the investigation of the shooting that killed the oldest sister of
tennis star penis and Serena Williams, the LA County Sheriff Department, not
the last one of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the
three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of the three of
the two that really are understandings and qualellenings and qualellenings and qualellenings are irregular for which asks howais to convey dagen is included in my application and the
В channel committee the
tours of a
Here's Sports Radio 560, she way!
UAM!
I'm Mark Morgan, now here's Neil Rogers on 560 QAM!
A number of celebrities have recently passed away.
Among them, Brian Keith, Jimmy Stewart, Robert Mitchum, and Jacques Cousteau.
Listen now as they join Charles Carolts for the end of the road.
All those passengers flying have a main hair, they board,
Robert, Robert Keith, Bob.
Hey Jimmy, how was your funeral service?
It was just a wonderful wake.
Now how about you, Brian?
Very small, we kept it to a family affair.
Just playing going from here to, uh, Trinity?
Hey, I'll come your own wet, Jack.
That is not Jacques.
He is not Jack, Jacques, Jerk, whatever.
Are we going from here to, uh, Trinity?
Brian, let me ask you a question.
How was that little tramp sissy?
Did you have her, Buffy?
Her, Jody.
I don't want to know about this sissy.
I want to know about Mr. Flash.
I understand that he is the man's man, or, uh, oh.
Say, I want to be for real.
Get to return her, are we there yet?
1046 at 560 WDQM, 106 votes on the first poll here.
Like I said, 108.
What are you usually listening to before Neil's show 8 to 10 AM?
Scott from Route 45, NPR-22.
Howard's firm 21.
How he's moving up a little bit, but he's nowhere near Scott.
I'm using 17.
Ron and Paul got a pair.
I guess they got home.
Fake is what I heard.
And, uh, Bob and Tom have one.
Probably they got a call.
Bob and Tom are great, by the way.
But they're just not really in a market.
No.
And this fact is very amusing to me.
In fact, I find this hysterically funny.
The one that you just sent me here, this is, um, don't be modest.
Neil, the coolest, Neil God Roger.
So I'll put that on there.
It's kind of like a joke.
How about as cool as an elephant's fart?
You'll win.
Yeah, right.
I'm telling you.
And I'm putting George on there to him.
Oh, what would you do that?
Why not?
Well, if I could be on there, a staggy old man like me, an old queen like me, then you should be on there.
All right.
I didn't see you're going to get any votes, but I put you on there.
And then Scott for all.
Scott's cool, right?
How could we left him on?
Oh, but me?
Oh, my net.
That would be like saying, uh, Neil is hip, you know?
I may have a little hip problem now, and a little hip pointer.
God.
But we'll put it on there just to keep these people news.
Here's a call from Halea.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I'd like to know what kind of man is Hank Gover going to.
I beg your pardon?
He's Hank Gover.
Whoever's responsible for WQM's Internet audio fee to be drawn in quarters in a public forum says this fact that you sent me on Friday.
It's not Eris fault because I'm trying to access the audio directly from QAIM and can't listen to 90 seconds without the audio cutting out for about two or three minutes.
Then it's back to the show for approximately another 90 seconds.
Then nothing.
Then back and open over, etc.
All day long, whether it's for all or Hank or Mandage or you.
I think that Hank is into big manly men anyway.
But anyway, so what is the saying?
I can't get an act and honest answer about the Internet thing.
We get all these different stories.
What about whether it really is working right or whether this is accurate about how it keeps cutting out?
I don't know.
It really is working wrong.
It's working wrong.
It's working the way that the audience that listens on the Internet doesn't like.
I see.
But I mean, this sounds like a nightmare.
Can't listen to 90 seconds without the audio cutting out for about two or three minutes.
I mean, what kind of a presentation is that?
Probably a QAIM presentation.
Absolutely correct.
The only words F'd up is what we're trying to say.
I do.
Well, I'm a doer.
I'll find Rubbin in.
I'm gonna rubbin in.
Yeah, but I had my finger on that button.
Wait a minute, you had a lot of practice because you never know where the big...
...is gonna pop up on that channel.
This is an idiotic fact, which is why I read it.
I love these.
These are my favorite rights.
Gregory and Westboker rights.
Deer Neil, I have a passport and have probably been to as many countries as you.
Well, whoopi do.
And while I stay in Florida all summer, I spend much of my time on my sale at sale, but well, whoopi do again.
I've never missed a vote in National Elections since I turned 21.
I'm 10 years younger than you.
Whoopi do three times, okay, Gregory?
I've never voted Republican in National Elections and consider myself a social and economic liberal.
After listening to Mr. Dean's position on the Middle East during the debate a few nights ago,
I will not vote for him under any circumstances, even if he's the sole opponent of George W. Bush.
I think you're one conventional, Gregory, you do understand that.
He goes on to say to suggest that Israel and the Palestinians are engaged in a morally equivalent struggle
and that we shouldn't support Israel's security as a matter of foreign policy is both wrong, morally and historically.
Dean is lost.
My support, he won't get my vote.
See what he said is we ought to have an even handed position there for going to be mediators for peace and not be one sided.
You can't be a mediator and like take one side and make any sense.
It's just common sense, Gregory, which you're obviously lacking since you're so obsessed with your professional Judaism, with your Zionism, with whatever you're insanity, just like all the other religious nuts.
So bug off, Gregory, okay, and I'm unimpressed by your resume.
You lose the job.
Pathetic.
Now this was about the pull I did on Wednesday.
In my Dutch fan, I talk about these Dutch, what about your hard, hard, and hard ambassadors they are.
He mentioned it.
So he starts out, sucking up to me, of course, he starts out by saying,
quote, a mark in Neil with his Dutch crap, you know, and there's nothing worse than Dutch crap.
He says, great pull.
This was the pull about the job you did filling in over the summertime.
Right.
And what you did, you know, you came up with more positive votes than negative.
They were pretty embarrassing.
I mean, pretty significant number of negatives.
He says, great pull.
Look at the numbers and you wonder why this guy still does the summer filling for you.
I wonder wherever I can.
Okay, they call me the vanderer.
How many people listen to your show if you had the two categories together.
Awful and weak.
It is 43% not or hardly listen to your show anymore.
See, the pull wasn't about whether they're listening anymore.
It's about when George is filling in.
Heinz, Heinz, or whatever to have your name is.
Peter.
And are all the Dutch guys named Peter?
You tell me.
Please show this to all you've seen one Peter.
Please show this to the ad people who have spots on your show.
They must love it.
You're like Dave Wandsdad protecting his quarterback with these sailing ears,
although everybody knows he can't get us anywhere.
George is a great mimie, spick, but brings nothing to the table other than updates on the local swing class.
And licking ass competition, which of course, all right.
Everybody's interested in that.
Put for a long for the summer and your hours that guy kicks ass on this station.
See when Amsterdam in the dark room of the it.
Do we says this professional Richmond?
I'm not going to the it.
And I think you left the first two letters off.
Okay.
In the cell.
Not case.
I'll still leave.
There you go.
Another Dutch guy.
Do we?
Here's one that says, oh, this is from your, this is your main man.
This guy wants to do you upside down inside out.
He'd like to insert things inside of you that are illegal in Amsterdam.
Teddy.
Teddy and Miami.
He's your number one groupie.
You can see this back.
You must have.
You said it for me last Thursday.
It's that you want to be each.
It says I tried to get in yesterday in the phone lines, too, but it was real busy.
Anyway, I wanted to remind you that George B to summer man.
I like to refer to George as a more contemporary, straight and tone-down version of the old man.
See, there's your influence again, influencing the audience with that old man crap.
Well, you lose the title anyway.
Absolutely.
Every time he's on, I at least bust the gut once a segment.
See, this goes to show you that Teddy is an absolute and just a George Licker.
He wants to clean out every cell, every poor in your body with his tongue.
Because, I mean, has anybody ever said that you were funny?
Ever?
Who are you talking to?
You.
Yeah.
They have?
Yeah.
When was that?
Lots of times.
I must admit, those parts of the show.
But one thing we've always said is that George is entertaining.
He's bright.
He knows a lot of cram ball.
But he's not funny.
But Teddy says every time he's on, at least, bust the gut once a segment, he thinks you're a panic man.
He thinks you're hysterical.
Too bad he doesn't have the best producer to fill in blanks like he does for you.
His timing is impeccable.
Oh, I didn't know that George had something going on the side.
If George had someone to throw the, I'm listening at the right moment.
You would have a real threat on the other side of the glass.
I don't understand that.
I don't understand it.
See, he doesn't understand this guy.
This guy is so obsessed.
He doesn't even understand how it works.
I mean, if George wants to play, I'm listening.
All he does is...
I'm listening.
Press it himself.
See, but you understand...
He's saying, too busy looking, George is buying.
I'm listening.
He's saying, and speaking of acid, it says, the threesome is not sadly only a twosome,
our rest and peace, John Ritter.
Out to the last week.
You got to keep up.
How come we don't have a bunch of calls about Don Cox dying, by the way?
See, this is how disrespectful soft photos shame on you people.
What do you usually listen to before you'll show 8th to 10a?
And what's the lead in?
136 votes?
Scott for Route 55.
Like I said, 59.
It just went up again.
Just changed right.
143.
For us, got 59.
41.2%, which is about 41% more than we had with the previous lead in.
Absolutely.
Howard Stern 30.
How many's Howard's got?
About 30, man.
NPR 27, music 21, Bob and Tom Ford.
Ron and Paula Boyle got a small pair.
How do you like that?
That is shocking.
Embarrassing and humiliating to me.
See, they can't come up with names for that other poll we're going to do either one.
Who defines a cool...
The couple.
Huh?
It's tough.
Here's Miami, our only call.
Hello.
You're next.
Okay.
You're next.
You're going to die.
I don't think so.
Actually, I'm a pretty good health.
Okay, asshole.
But the good...
Good change.
That's a guy with a 17 voices.
You know something?
It might be you, pals.
Sounds to me like you're under a lot of personal stress.
Like you're desperately in need of a life.
5670560.
Look at that phone, George.
That is a shocker.
Who is the coolest of them all,
which well-known person best defines the word cool?
And they're just not no cool folks around anymore.
I think we may have anything on it.
So far we got...
Most of them are joke.
We got Johnny Depp, Jack Nicholson,
and then joke votes.
Neo-Roger, George Scott Farros...
For us, cool.
He's the only one under the...
Of us.
Am I right?
Yeah, sure.
You don't think so?
You don't think he's cool?
Yeah, I do think he's cool.
He's a cool dude, man.
He's also in an ebriot,
the degenerate,
and that's why we like him a lot.
5670560.
Well, you know something,
if we don't get any calls all day,
it's fine with me,
because I've got a big pile of crap that I need to clean up.
1056.
Thunder!
You took my fuck!
Oh, I'm nervous on the finger just here before it gets to you.
He does it.
Oh.
Just not a headache!
Look at the size of that instrument, man.
Even...
Roar!
He'd probably grab that thing right out of her purse.
I mean, out of her hand.
By now, you've been hearing about laminants arousin,
how laminated would've flooring from laminants arousis,
the easy low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring.
You've been hearing about it a lot on this show.
Laminants arousis is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from Peridor,
Pergo Wilson Art Uniflor and Quickstamp.
They've got all the top names all installed by Pergo certified installers, too.
Here's another reason to call laminants arousis.
Their prices will positively floore you.
Right now, get their September kickoff special,
this 1995 box.
That's absolutely correct.
Just $1995 gets you up to 380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring.
It is positively unbelievable.
And laminants arousis will match any legitimate written offer, too.
If you want a free and home estimate call laminants arousis tool free,
1-877-773336.
What could be easier?
They give you free carpet disposal,
free furnitures you're moving,
in a 25 year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring.
Call laminants arousis today tool free,
1-877-773336.
My, I, and local,
this is 4205-6-E.
You're the only one who ain't who ain't here.
Party.
Yo, homies!
You heard a snack, Wales!
Well, now, there's crack whales!
The new cookie whir!
Crack!
Yeah, that's right.
That crazy cookie of a bitch wants a fancy fave or a crack.
New crack whales,
and they have double height,
and they're sure to make you higher than a moho foe pipe.
And they'll make you lose a lot of weight,
and people won't know you eat in crack whales,
when they see that skinny ass buddy of yours.
Come on, Mr. Crack whale, cook a man,
get in my mother's bowl, cookin'!
I paid for him, he's son of a bitch.
New crack whales,
now sold on sweet corners,
everywhere.
It's 11 o'clock at 5'60,
WQM we got the mad dog at 2'00.
Looks like we're just about back to, uh,
abnormal on QM today.
The Humper is doin' to show it,
shoole is this afternoon, 4'7.
Whole three hours today, Hank.
He's been working out for it.
That was a...
Oh, William Show, live at the Cleveland
or on South Beach, 7'00,
away to clock tonight.
Look at Ricky Goe, baby.
There's Ricky, Ricky, Ricky.
Nice haircut.
Uh, any K-10 o'clock in July,
Mark overnight, a pristine schedule.
Big, big series to Marlins
at the Philly starts tomorrow night.
Boy, what a pressure pack they're gonna be.
They had a 2 1 1-1-1 game lead,
briefly there for one day,
not a game, and a half on a wild card.
And how come they only had 18,000 years today, Scott?
Didn't Scott tell me on Thursday
that it looked like they were gonna have,
like, 37,000 a game for the three games?
Uh, they were supposed to average that many for the games.
Well, they didn't.
They had 25,000 Friday,
40,000, they jammed in it with a shoehorn on Saturday.
I don't know what that was all about.
And then only 18,000 yesterday?
Holy Toledo is Rick Weaver,
should be saying if he was still here to do those dolphin games,
brilliant lazy always did.
Holy Toledo, that's weak.
What do you usually listen to before Niel's show,
8 to 10 a.m. Scott for Ralph 72?
Howard Stern 35, NPR 30,
music 26, Bob and Tom 7,
and Ron and Paul Voldigot 3 out of 173 votes.
Pretty lame, if you ask me, Ron and Paul.
And they're full result too.
Lane, weak, tragic.
Here's a call from Lighthouse Point.
Hello.
Yeah, find the yellow's Lonnie.
Yes, Lonnie.
How are you?
Pretty good.
Good.
I got a couple names for you on your call poll.
I don't know if I just tuned in.
How about Clint Eastwood and Paul Newman?
Clint Eastwood is good.
How about, and my other choice is beneath, you know,
the Nicheal del Toro.
Yeah.
Yeah, just the way he delivers his lines.
He's okay.
Yeah, and I'll go.
Look at one out of three eight bad Clint Eastwood.
Thanks a lot, Lonnie.
You got, buddy.
Have a right there.
Well, I just said Eastwood.
I don't think Paul Newman is cool.
He was cool.
He was old.
He's, oh, in that case, now I see why I'm on a poll.
Old.
I think Jack Nicholson's older than me though.
You think?
You don't think so?
I think, I don't know, about the same age.
Look at him.
Oh, look it up.
Look it up on a thing.
See, that's George again because he keeps your friends.
He's been calling me the old man for like 10 years now.
Yeah.
Now you brainwashed the audience.
If I told the audience who didn't know who the hell I was,
I was like 48.
They wouldn't know.
I sound 48.
I don't sound any different now.
They did like 15 years ago.
I don't sound 38.
Oh, right.
I got a 38 special.
Five six seven, oh five six.
I love 38 special.
I know you don't like him, but boy.
Why did you say that one song?
I just want to do one song.
Hold on, man.
Like that group.
What is it?
You are such a schmuck, you know what?
Old man like that group.
I thought you told him to shut up.
I did.
I can call Clarence after the show today.
Make sure you never get paid.
Believe me, it wouldn't take much.
In fact, Clarence, if you're listening.
Oh, no, we got the Ben and JLo thing.
What a shock that is.
Yeah, I'm so tired of that crap.
What do you people are going to stop inundating us with that crap?
We don't care about them.
You can't escape them.
It's like a guy named M.D.Z.
It's worse than SARS.
It's the Ben and JLo crap.
They just keep flooding us with it.
Anyway, speaking of Aerosmith.
I'm going to tell you this absolutely right now.
There's some things that are debatable, you know,
it's a matter of opinion, subjective.
Anybody who doesn't like Aerosmith is a major asshole, okay?
Can we agree on that?
Absolutely.
Now, let's find out if Scott likes Aerosmith or not.
See what I mean?
Told him to say that.
Major, I'm trying to.
Major, asshole.
What?
I was told to shut up.
Now, what?
You don't have to take it to the extreme.
Boy, I would hate to be involved with you in any way,
shape, or form as a parent, as a sibling, as a spouse, as a...
Anybody, out of bus.
My apologies, old man.
You are the most...
the most...
the most emotional cripple, which is perfect after what we had before.
Because there'll probably be another couple weeks.
They'll be picking you, scraping your ass up off the floor.
At any rate, Aerosmith, you have positive or negative?
Oh, positive.
Why do I do it?
Why do I talk to him, huh?
Jesus.
God, I'm not a major.
Can't complain about Scott's personality, because you don't have any.
There were times in my life.
These are quizzling.
When I was going insane.
I'm trying to walk through.
Oh!
That's bad.
Oh!
I'm playing Aerosmith all day.
They interspersed with...
I love you.
The audio from Playboy TV.
I mean, to me, that's where it's at, right there.
What more could you want?
Anyway, that's a review by Sean Picoli.
Who is Sean Picoli?
Is that somebody we know from the hero?
I mean, the Sunsendel.
Nobody I know.
Sean Picoli?
Yeah.
Never met him before.
Some schmuck.
You'll be happy to know.
Yes, the John Picoli is still alive.
No.
Jack Nicholson is 65.
I told you he's ordering me by about five years.
Although it's getting close to 61, man.
You do realize that in America.
61.
61 as the...
Oh, the Grim Reaper.
Grim Reaper.
Is waiting for me with Bated Breath.
He's got his hammer and sickle.
Where is that father time?
One of them has got a hammer and a cycle.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I got a column here so good today that I'm just salivating.
I can't wait.
By Christian Amon Poor.
Well, actually, it's by Peter Johnson, but it's called Media Mix.
Christian Amon Poor is a CNN practice self-sensorship during the so-called Operation Iraqi Freedom.
And that they were intimidated by the Bush Administration and Fox News
which put a climate of fear and self-sensorship.
I'm going to read that a little bit later on.
It is so great, man.
That is so sensational.
And I always like that bitch.
No.
He did it.
But I like her a little bit better right now.
No, I didn't like the way that she fond over the Pope when he went to Cuba.
The Holy Father.
She reported like she was a professional catlick.
Which maybe she is.
Who do you know?
Didn't she sound like some kind of a...
Shmata.
Yeah.
Amon Poor.
Christian Amon Poor.
She's a big monster.
She's a big monster.
That Berka.
56670560 is a lady in Cooper City.
Hello.
Uncle Neil, how are you?
Pretty good.
How you doing?
I'm doing really good.
There is absolutely on this planet nobody.
Nobody cooler than Johnny Depp.
There is...
He is so cool that I'm freezing.
He is...
He's just the greatest.
I don't mean anyone else on that pole.
He's the ice man.
The ice man, come up.
Yeah, he's so cool.
He's hot.
I mean, he's...
He's got to see Pirates of the Caribbean yet.
No.
You get a hood out of him.
You love it.
He's awesome.
Well, that's what I keep hearing.
He's great in a movie sucks.
No, the movie is good too.
It wasn't bad.
It wasn't bad.
But he right now, I guess, because he's coming into the mainstream more.
I think he's really going to take off.
More people are going to discover him.
He's my main man, Johnny Depp.
He's my buddy.
I guarantee you wouldn't even remember who that I was.
Well, I don't know.
You...
You've...
You've...
You've been impressed.
I would like to have left an impression.
I'll take you then.
Me too.
Have a great day.
Good choice.
Okay.
Thanks.
See she agrees with you.
Yeah.
And of course, the fact that George thought of Johnny Depp, that is really...
David Beckham, I have no idea who that...
Either I was hoping you did.
I thought I was from the sports guy.
That's not the British soccer player, is it?
You got me.
Well, we're supposed to be a sports station.
How come nobody's running and saying, oh yeah, that's...
Is that the guy's name?
The big British sports star at the...
The soccer nobody in this place is going to know about it.
But it's from Jose and Del Rey Beach.
David Beckham.
I think that...
I don't know.
Plus, he's got that freaky roster here now too.
Oh!
I think that's who that is.
I'll wait.
Oh, here's...
Here's the fact you've been waiting for from David in Naples.
Thank you, David.
It says, regarding your internet audio, I live in Naples.
I listen every day on the internet.
I use Windows Media Player with the 10-band equalizer and a cartridge in a per tree
and find your audio among the best on the internet.
Oh, right.
How do you like that?
It is very consistent with no dropouts whatsoever.
Good EQ and sounds better than your amp transmitter, which isn't saying much to David.
When you go to the break, we hear you do the live spot than the QAM bumper.
Like...
Right.
Like that.
Because you play those.
I do play those.
I farm off right here.
Well, you know, once in a while, like the last time...
You know...
Yeah.
But once in a while...
No, it's serious.
I once in a while I'm fumbling for something.
And I leave it there.
Like, for example, last break I had.
I'm listening.
But I've learned to like look up there and make sure that the letter Q is there.
So, when I hit it, it's the right thing.
Pada, what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Fight.
Like that.
I don't want to play the whole thing.
Then we'll hear the break, Scaddle Panic.
Anyway, it goes on to say...
It goes silent till a break is over.
We hit the music bit on the other end of the break.
Oh, it goes silent during the rest of the commercial break?
Apparently.
Well, that's...
I don't know.
It says, I'm on Sprint DSL with a 500 KB line.
Your listeners who are complaining are probably using a cheap dial-up service on a 486DX machine.
They're farther left them in as well.
Thanks a lot, David.
That's what we wanted to hear.
Okay, excellent.
Here's the facts from one of our chronic factors.
David Beckham is the soccer guy.
I'll put him on there just for some of those hulios.
You know, obsessed with his soccer, with his football, football.
And this isn't spelled right though.
I don't think.
Is it?
But you...
Hi, Oscar.
That's easy.
He got the free-murage here now, man.
He's a white guy.
I mean, it's bad enough we got dark guys with a roster here.
But white guys with a roster here.
I don't think so, man.
Anyway, the chronic factors is we listen to the dolphin broadcast on the radio,
because we love the mad dog, but you have to know what asshole is calling Ricky every chance he gets.
Absolutely.
The Dreadlock Demon.
It's just painful.
What did Cox die from?
I have a good day.
Probably ill health.
Right.
I would think.
Called on by a combination of too much food, too much booze, too much of that stuff.
High lot of bad stuff.
But I think he enjoyed his life, didn't he?
Sure he say.
What is highlights?
What is highlights?
What is highlights?
What is highlights?
What is highlights?
What is highlights?
What is highlights?
What is highlights?
That's the sound of Doreen servicing Miguel right now as a matter of freedom of QM promotion room.
Anyway, the Dreadlock Demon.
What does that mean?
The Dreadlock Demon?
Is that what he calls him?
Oh no, Moe calls him the Dreadlock Demon.
Oh my god, that's disgusting.
I thought he had the hots for feedler.
Better watch it Ricky.
You better watch it.
Maybe you'd like to flip, flip works with you.
Can you, there's a, oh yeah.
I think I just hit the jackpot.
Moe with Dreadlock.
Coming soon.
One of our pertists will get it.
Rostimo.
That's what we need next.
Hey, Jones the Aralbert, come on.
Okay, good old Rostimo.
I'm looking at it right now with those pictures.
We got the moda, Yoda moda.
And then we got Moe with a t-shirt and a condom hats.
And we still got that guy, a pitching that tent in Italy.
I love it.
Rostimo.
5 6 7 0 5 6 D.
How's the appol coming so far?
88 people at 36 and a half percent.
Like I said, 38 and a half percent.
Listen to Scott Farrell before this show.
Out of 226.
Howard Stern 50.
NPR 37.
Music 37.
A various kinds and sorts and types.
Bob and Tom 12.
I love it.
And Ron and Paul got only foe.
You know what they always say?
Ron and Paul, what are they good foe?
Evidently not much with this crowd.
13 past 11 at 5 60 WQM.
If your job sucks man.
If you wish you had a bigger paycheck.
If you wish you had a better boss.
If you wish you had a real career.
Here's the answer for you.
How do you like to have a new career and a big fat paycheck
before your years end?
Well, if you'd like to get on the road to that end.
Call fast train today.
1 866 fast train.
Fast train can have you certified and trained before the end of the year.
Like I said, only moments ago.
The demand for computer professionals continues to grow like topsy.
There's no better time than ratting out to get you a new high-paying career.
Fast train offers job placement assistance.
Convenient evening weekend schedules.
And with six Florida locations for and South Florida.
There's about to be one nearby you.
Fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify too.
So call fast train right now at 1 866 fast train.
That's 1 866 fast train.
You had no excuse, no mo to stay in the dead end crappy job or confer peanuts.
Check them out on the web first at fast train.com and then give them a call.
1 866 fast train.
Fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify too.
Fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify too.
Fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify too.
Fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify too.
Fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify too.
Fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify too.
Fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify too.
Fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify too.
Fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify too.
Fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify too.
Fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify too.
Fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify too.
Fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify too.
Fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify too.
Fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify too.
Fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify too.
Fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify too.
Fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify too.
Fast train offers financial assistance for guys who qualify too.
I say I and I
I say I and I
I say I and I
I say I and I
I say I and I
I say I and I
I like the
like my
like tonight
I'm dying, rest on me, rest on you, rest on the black, rest on you, rest on you,
all on you, rest on you.
I like gochetsho, and I like the motorbike, chicken soup with honey, the luck, that's what I like.
Have you ever tasted it?
Bread, fish, rice, and cranes, plant it and give it a fish.
That's much more my speed, rest on me, rest on you, rest on the black, rest on you,
rest on you, I want me to tell you, rest on you.
Oh, that's very good, right?
I Creating hospitality and struggle,
seven
eight
eight
hey
I'm going to play.
Grass down me.
Gosh, the youth.
Grass down back.
Gosh, the youth.
Grass down, the youth.
Grass down, the youth.
Grass down, the youth.
Grass down, the youth.
Grass down, the youth.
Grass down, the youth.
Grass down, the youth.
Grass down, the youth.
Grass down, the youth.
Grass down, the youth.
Grass down, the youth.
Grass down, the youth.
Grass down, the youth.
Grass down, the youth.
Grass down, the youth.
Grass down, the youth.
Get up.
I'm going to play with a ball.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
At least come on.
He's in the right place.
You must have come up.
Three of us are possible.
Levitt 21 at five, 60 WQM.
There's the old rice limon.
No, forget we're going to be
doing our poll a little later
in a week on which ethnic group
smells the worst.
J.K. from Hollywood is
there anyone cooler than
Snoopt Dogg?
So I put him on here.
Do you put him on here?
I did.
Snoopt Dogggy Dogg?
It says, I don't think so.
On another subject,
Ben Affleck had his life back
on those over ready-waisted
bits.
Jennifer Lopez is there say
can't take the ghetto out of the hole.
So, J.K. and Holywood.
Yeah, I looked up on a web just to make sure.
And David Beckham is that very, very highly overpaid
as soccer player, the Brit guy who's not playing for somebody else.
Who used to have like the skinhead haircut when he looked almost human
and now he's got like the dreadlocks, the rest to look.
Okay, ask.
Go test.
248 votes on the, what do you usually listen to me for
in your Roger Show 8 to 10 AM?
Scott for 97 Howard Stern 57 not even close Scott nice going,
baby 97 to 57 NPR 38 music 38 Bob and Tom 13,
considering it's a Palm Beach station.
It's pretty good and Ron and Paul only five only five.
I think they're done.
Finally, after an exhausting 20 minutes, five six seven,
05 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marles line.
The coolest of them all is our question today,
which well-known person best defines the word cool.
And we have a very short and select list so far.
Johnny Depp, Jack Nicholson, Neo Rogers, George Rodriguez,
Scott Farrell, Pettis Wood, David Beckham and Snoop Dogg.
Here's a call from Cape Coral.
Hello.
Yeah, hey, how you doing?
I'm OK.
Pretty good.
I got somebody for your list, possibly.
How much?
George Carlin.
George Carlin?
Right.
He's a pretty cool dude.
Old.
Yeah, but I mean, he's still cool.
You're on the list.
Yeah, he's older than I am.
Yeah, I know.
But I just just a suggestion and I dropped my one vote
for Bob and Tom also.
OK, thanks.
All right.
George Carlin's OK.
He's cool.
Cool.
He was good in that movie.
The Ben Affleck, the Mad Damon movie.
What's that was the name of that?
Dogma.
Dogma.
Dogma.
That was a good movie, actually.
The only problem, you see, JLo, she keeps marrying these.
She keeps it while I think she's a bike.
No, I don't think she's ever seen a penis, do you?
Well, I mean, not like live in personal, maybe in the movies.
But I think she's like, ever held one at her hand, I don't think.
No.
Fight, not a real one.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
Here she's got a gigantic strap on her hand.
Can you just see that?
Can you see her hopping on Brittany?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
It's an easy, it's a tough one, like I said, not easy.
I mean, I may ask the question.
I said he would have blank sheet, man.
There's nothing worth it having a blank sheet.
Just as the guys in Davy.
Here's a call from Pompano.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I've got an addition to your list of cool people.
Yes.
That is Hopper.
That is Hopper's pool, yeah?
I think the man at the epitome of cool.
I mean, he's been around forever and he's great.
And he's still alive.
That's a good news.
You have to check the way things are going lately, but he's still alive.
I mean, think about it.
If this is a guy, it's holding up to collect social security now.
And it's still, we're currently still alive when he's gone through.
Right.
Also, just to touch on something else, I was reading one of the articles on your web page
about how pushes a pool ratings are slipping.
And there's some people who are saying, well, you're going to have a great plan for the war.
I mean, come on.
How could we not win that war the way we did?
I mean, it's like the Tampa Bay Spock v. N.E.R.S. playing Pompano.
We what?
It's like the Tampa Bay Buccaneers playing Caroline and losing an overtime.
Well, that's what happened the way things are going for us down there.
It did happen yesterday, yeah.
No, but other than that, it's great talking with you and you enjoy having a great day.
Okay, thanks, pal.
I have a great deal.
What do you say is that Bursh Sucks we can agree with that?
You don't have any plan.
Well, they had some devious plans.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and a Verizon wireless line.
You know, every time I watch this channel, this Playboy channel, yeah.
There's something I want to say.
And don't put it talking.
Oh, but in any rate, any reason?
Here's a call from Little Havana where they ask.
I think that Clinton was cool.
Yeah, that's what I said.
I don't think he deserves to be on there.
I always rely on you for good information.
Yes.
Calls the games on Sunday.
Do you think we're the hamsters or?
Okay, have a great day, amigo.
5, 6, 7, answer the question and we'll have to check with Mad Dog in five and a half weeks.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
We don't want to talk about him all day today.
He's old and tired, you know?
I don't really care.
But I'm just so worn out with his crack.
I say we just talk about him.
Or at least maybe for the next five or ten minutes.
Yeah, that's the car.
I'm more a turn for the next five or ten minutes about the moment.
They hate him.
They hate you, Mo.
We don't want to take it personally like Greg Videl does, but they hate you like poison.
They wish you would die.
They wish you would have been you instead of John Ritter.
They wish you would have been you instead of Johnny Cash.
We wish you would have been you instead of Don Cox, who was at least a friend of ours.
And kind of a bizarre way.
He was okay.
He was a good guy.
He was a good guy.
He meant, well, he was like kind of like a cartoon character.
And he had his problems like we all do.
He wasn't perfect, not like me and George.
Right.
But he just, you know, he just abused himself for so many years in his body.
I guess I mean, we're just, I don't know what the details were, but it was not a pretty end.
Don Cox died in case you tune in like I checked the Sun Sentinel website.
Now see it because I know Tom Jicke listens religiously to the show every day while he's sitting there typing out, pecking out on his word processor.
All of those stupid can't the pieces that he writes every day about the network TV shows.
Nothing local TV radio anything.
I don't see anything on there yet on the Sun Sentinel website about Don Cox passing away who was legendary in South Florida radio for many, many years.
I would say at least 27 past 11 a QA and if you're on the Atkins diet, if you're trying to lose weight on any other low carbohydrate diet like the summer sizing,
but I hate that bitch man.
She makes me sick.
Do you like to watch bokeh?
It's a pleasure to love though because it's the number one low carb store in the entire universe with a Zidian low carb sugar free product.
It's the first to like to introduce new ones all the time to keep you on a straight narrow path because variety is one of the hardest things when you're on the Atkins.
You know like I always tell you got your meat and your cheese and your seafood and your meat and your cheese and that's about it.
And you want some snacks something different to keep you have happy and satisfied.
Try the brand new low carb instant cup of soup while you do is add water, pop it into microwaves, low carb meal and a cup and four delicious flavors.
Be sure to check out the delicious low carb muffins for quick breakfast.
You own individual size cheesecake.
They got a whole smit load of low carb pasta and sauces, dressings, chips, chocolates, their world famous carbolite ice cream as well.
Brand new are the almond snack cakes, the blondies and six delicious delicioso flavors.
The at last chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars with no multitall thank the lord.
Carburet, right, red and drink chocolate vanilla shakes.
It's a low carb meal and a can and Judy's low carb peanut brittle would unbelievably great.
Unbelievable.
Taste.
Don't forget a delights a west bokeh.
You can try anything in the store before you buy it and all the atkins brand products are on sale all day every day.
They're open daily 10 to 10.
You find them on the northeast corner of Glaze in 441 right next to Boston Market.
Two great things we learned from Dr. Bob.
One how to lose weight.
And number two don't fall down.
Call them toll free at 1-877 Low Carb or shop them on the way at lowcarb.com.
Delights a west bokeh.
I'm not a local.
This is 20 or 5-6.
You way.
I had an inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
Was their name a slang word for the male sexual organ?
We certainly hope so.
Otherwise there's all interesting about the verb pipe.
You want me to flash me.
Look, I told people before the name verb pipe doesn't mean anything.
We pulled it out of a hat.
Don't listen to him.
It means penis.
Tell him it means penis you moron.
Verve pipe founder Brian Vanderach has been arguing with the band's manager Slapi Gold since 1996.
These artistic types don't understand that sex sells.
It doesn't mean penis.
Of course it does.
Put it together.
What does verb mean?
It means energy.
Viga.
And what's a pipe?
A cylindrical object.
A long shaft.
Ipso facto.
You've got a long shaft that's full of Viga.
A f*** you hapless mother f***er.
Lay off.
Well, yeah, look, you're the one who said we should release those other singles to try and cash in on freshmen.
As the argument escalated, Vanderach tundered Slapi with his decision to release more singles, each representing a different grade level.
We were merely soft moors.
We were merely juniors.
We were underclassmen.
All right.
So it didn't work.
Her pipe still means a thunderous, unbridled erection.
Does not it?
What do you always bring on this?
The verb pipe.
Maybe their name means penis.
Maybe it doesn't.
It probably doesn't matter when you're dealing with f***ing the sons of b*** like these.
It's a big juicy, sobbing wet liquor show business.
Tide.
On the side of our high.
133.27 till 05.60 WQAM.
You know who else I put on a list?
I give up.
And like I said, anybody who disagrees can lick your behind.
Steve Tyler.
All right.
Would anybody disagree with that?
Anybody with a brain?
No.
No.
Who's the coolest of them all?
Which well-known person best defines the word cool?
Not too many, no, Mo.
No, Mo.
Johnny Depp, Jack Nicholson, Neil Rogers, George.
Scott, we'll put this up at noon.
Scott for Ralph Linney's with David Beckham Snoop Dogg, George Carlin, Dennis Hopper,
Bill Clinton and Steve Tyler.
And Michael Moore.
There was a time when I was so broken hearted.
Love was a merge of a friend of mine.
Now talking about somebody who has survived years and years decades of drug abuse and booze.
Still going strong?
Yeah, of course he was always here too.
He was never a fan.
He does have all his hair.
It doesn't have like a weasel on his head.
Steve Tyler.
Michael Moore definitely is an addition.
There's another list.
Christopher Lee.
Based on what?
I don't know.
He's got those teeth.
Samuel L. Jackson.
Based on what?
How about Denzel Washington?
Based on what?
Oh, David Lee Rothen, even they crossed it out the fine.
Roger.
Roger Waters.
Who the hell is Roger Waters?
He's pretty cool.
He's the movie maker.
Pink flamingos.
Oh, Roger Waters.
Yeah, yeah.
Pretty cool.
Yeah.
Are we putting Michael Moore on there?
Yes.
How about Roger Whitaker?
Oh, that's right.
He's dead.
And he was never cool.
He was corny.
He was big and fat and corny.
And he was like some kind of a Brit or Irishman or something like that.
What was that song that we can never remember the name of?
That we used to have to play both of a son of you.
Roger Whitaker and the last ship.
Huh, you know what I'm talking about.
No.
The last farewell, wasn't that it?
I don't know.
Who sang Derum Town?
Did you get that?
Wow, take a look at it.
See, I told you, I'm Playboy Channel.
Even the guys are pretty, okay?
The pretty, okay?
The pretty, okay?
The Jeremy's of this world.
Nobody wants to see a big fat, hairy, disgusting thing, especially this close to lunchtime.
Man.
Even the most heterosexual of them all.
Don't want to see something like that.
See, the excuse always is, well, most guys are ugly, so they feel more satisfied and watch
and other ugly guys have in sight.
I don't buy that.
Man.
Here's the call from Miami.
Hello.
Miami win is here.
Hey, there we go.
Yes, sir.
Here you are, Rich.
Yeah, how's it going?
Okay, I'm having a birthday call.
Here's a happy birthday to Fair Rich from all of us.
Oh, thank you.
This morning, I'm listening to Scott.
And he's saying in Vegas, so how are you?
Yeah.
There you go.
He's been 19 out of 20 baseball games and hit that in 12 out of 12 football games.
I think we should get him up to Pompo-no and use his handicapping skills.
We can surely use the help.
Yeah.
It sounds like we could use some help, but even on your hottest days, you never hit like 19 out of 20 racers.
Well, of course.
No.
Like I said, even on your hottest days, when we're being honest, you don't like another one.
That Beckham, that soccer player, they had to have a movie about him.
It's the best thing I think it's still out.
Ben did like Beckham.
What's that all about?
I have no idea.
Anyway, I'll see you in about six weeks, Neil.
I'll see you briefly, right?
Yeah, briefly.
Okay, Rich.
Okay, take care.
Have a happy.
Thanks a lot.
There's Fat Rich who isn't so fat as he used to be.
Nice going.
Hey, I was wrong and Scott can't wait to tell you.
What is that?
I'm too for two today.
Roger Waters is from Pink Floyd.
John Waters is the director.
Yeah, see, that's why I didn't know who it was.
And then you confused me with the Waters part.
John Waters is who we're talking about.
Not Roger Waters.
What else?
Roger Waters about as cool as a frog's fart, man.
Forget it.
You got John Waters on there.
We got it.
That's George, you know, a little no at all.
George knows everything.
If you don't believe me, just ask him.
It's cloudy and it's gray here in its dank.
That's why I'm in kind of like a surly mood momentarily for the first day.
This is the first day in as long as I can remember.
That it hasn't been sunny and beautiful.
It's 70, but it's like cloudy and like dripping every now and then.
Look on the murky side.
Weather ain't everything though.
Trust me when I tell you, Rich.
You'll see.
I'll be back briefly in November.
125 votes for Scott Farrell.
He's got 39 percent.
What they listen to before the show most often.
Howard Stern 72 at 22 and a half percent.
NPR 50.
That's George's choice because he's a suit of intellectual.
Music 48.
Bob and Tom 18.
Ron and Paul only got 7 out of 120 votes.
What's the deal there?
I thought we used to have like more of a crossover with them or not.
But you did.
And you know what it is?
The people who used to settle for him are now listening to Scott.
Right?
Right?
That's it?
Sure looks like that.
Looks like the Farrell master.
You wait till Thursday when those numbers come out.
It is going to be amazing.
It is going to be staring.
And of course we can't break the morning show down.
You know, like the 6 to 8 part of the 8 to 10 until the whole book comes out,
which is another month later on like in October.
So somebody is going to be going around saying, oh, you see it's me.
It's the football season started.
Everybody loves me now.
And I'm away from that.
Jesus, guys, one pipe smoker.
And yeah, right.
I'll say it again.
If they get like a 10 share, that means that Farrell's got an 8 and a half.
And he's got a 1.5.
Is there any doubt?
No.
20 till noon at 5.
60 WQM and out of the gigantic 2,000 3 NEO Rogers blow out sale going on right now.
And Halopoddy XEMC.
You know what they say?
Tom Lamin and Joe Prieto.
All the other good folks over there.
Winning doubt, blow it out.
Right there.
NEO Deal number one.
Save up to 7 grand.
$7,000 with the highest rebates of the year plus get deep discounts.
NEO Deal number two.
Get 0% financing for up to 5 years.
Listen to this.
Lisa, 2,000 and 3 Pontiac Grand Prix GT2 for 279 bucks a month for 36 months.
With 12 miles a year and $2,000 out of pocket.
That's correct.
You pay only 279 bucks a month.
Halopoddy's also got great deals on Yukon's and in alleys 2.
And as always, Halop's got a fantastic, unbeatable selection of certified pre-owned cars, trucks
and SUVs.
If you've got a few blemishes on your body or on your credit, make no difference.
They still want to cut you a deal and hell it.
No one's going to dance, no third degree.
It's the 2003 NEO Rogers blow out sale going on right now.
And Halopoddy XEMC.
134-1 South Dixie Highway that's US-1 across in the falls.
Open every day, 7 days a week.
If you want more info on these staggering new NEO deals called the NEO Deal Hotline toll-free.
At 1-885-3442-11.
That's 1-885-3442-11.
Don't forget all NEO deals.
Subtít to credit approval.
See the folks at Halopoddy details at Halopoddy XEMC who are pro-fessional grades.
My, my, and local, your sports radio 560-Q-A-U-A-M.
Well, Buffalo has a football team.
The greatest in the land.
And everybody thinks that great.
I stay daily, huh?
The Buffalo Bill, not enough for what?
See what I mean?
So just sing a lot.
When you say my, amy, when you say Buffalo,
and you're that Buffalo Bills.
Buffalo Bills.
The greatest team in the history of human race.
The Buffalo Bills.
The greatest team.
Sinslized bread and canned beer.
Yeah, there you go.
And you're jazzed up that redneck stuff.
Listen to that banjo.
Holy sweet god, listen to that.
When you say Buffalo Bills,
it don't sound so redneck, you do it.
Everybody sing along now.
Are you Bill Fands?
Here we go.
Well, the Buffalo Bills are the best team.
They had the best record over the last five years.
And they went to the Super Bowl four times,
which is one that I can say for this scum-socking face.
And they're the greatest.
Because I believe like their uniforms.
They sure is hell beat the heck.
Kind of have enough fish on the helmet.
Cause they're the Buffalo Bills.
The best football team.
What I ever see in the history of my life.
They are the Buffalo Bills.
The Buffalo Bills.
The whole of Jim Kelly, the greatest quarter back in the league.
Yeah, everybody, the Buffalo Bills.
They're the Buffalo Bills.
And they've been around longer than the stinkin' rotten fish.
Well, they're the Buffalo Bills.
Buffalo Bills.
What would you rather have as a pet a Buffalo or a fish?
14 till noon at 5.60 W.M.
Billy and Deer Field writes,
I was at Eros Smith Friday night.
They rocked.
We had third row seats sounded great.
He says, I remember Eros for one.
Thanks to that, we'll get great seats.
At one point in the show, Steve, who was the coolest.
I've met him a few times.
Swung out over the crowd.
When he went back to the stage, we had a swing right back over us.
What?
The girl I was with, the reared up and grabbed him.
Well, once he got our hand back down,
a piece of his hair was in his hands.
A piece of his hair was in his hands.
Or I think he means her hands.
In somebody's hands?
Right.
It's a little clip like thing.
Guess just to make his hair look fuller.
Has little beads and strings on it.
The show is great.
She's got a piece of stevey Tyler in her hand.
Also, Adjo, a period of the list.
He's totally cool.
Just not as relaxed about his fans as Steve Tyler.
Well, we can't put all of Eros Smith on her.
Can we not?
But we break.
Our concurred.
Diane and Fort Lauderdale, though,
kind of like peas on our parade a little bit.
She says, as much as you talk Scott for a while,
a piece simply wolf man jack ripping off our It's Turn Show.
Well, what's wrong with wolf man jack ripping off our It's Turn Show, huh?
It says, for others doing the same crap.
Howard was doing 15 years ago with chicken lesbians, etc.
The numbers don't lie.
Scott will never have Howard like numbers in the morning.
So tell for a while to enjoy your poll while it can.
And by the way, I would be bragging about 34 C.
As she's below average at best says Diane in Fort Lauderdale.
Whoa.
How do you like that?
She's below something.
Sounds like Diane's hitting below the belt.
But what?
Anyway, Bob Sandler's dead.
Well, we got so much bad news.
I have no idea who he was.
But I would only be a good guy even when we worked for Chief Channel.
He couldn't help it.
He was never a W.I.D. when we were there.
No.
No, no.
See, this is not right.
This is by Thomas Monet of the Sunsental.
Seriously, if you wipe your ass with the newspapers in South Florida,
it would be like an insult to your back home behind.
It would be a grotesque.
Don't do it.
Because I wouldn't wipe my ass with the Sunsental especially
because they put all this crap in there.
It says he groomed young cast members and was a dedicated news editor
and movie critic on his biweekly show.
But along with love for movies and theater, he still found time to be a strong family man.
Bob Sandler, a fixture at W.I.D.A.M.
610 for 10 years.
He died Saturday a West Side Regional Medical Center in Plantation complications from pneumonia.
He was 60.
He was diagnosed with lymphoma a year ago.
But it continued working at the radio station until September 4,
the day before his admitted to the hospital, said Laurie Shepard, W.I.D. News Director.
At least we know Laurie.
She said Mr. Sandler had a great demeanor and provided training to younger employees to help them hone their skills.
She said the station staff was devastated by Mr. Sandler's death.
Mr. Sandler originally from Brooklyn moved to South Florida 15 years ago,
said very Epstein, a friend for 20 years.
He said Mr. Sandler's media career started soon after he got out of college.
In addition to news editing, he said Mr. Sandler also wrote theater and film reviews for several South Florida publications,
including entertainment news and weekly and brown informants and so on.
So that said, not as sad to us as Don Cox, because we didn't know Bob Sandler.
I think I know what they're thinking about with that 10 years thing.
What is that?
He was probably at wins for 10 years and remember they switched call letters.
And then wins became IOD.
No. No, I'm just trying for him.
No. I don't believe so.
Well, I know. Maybe Senator will clarify.
Senator will fact-set him.
But he certainly was not a W.I.D. for 10 years.
I mean, nothing I want to nitpick.
It makes no difference. The guy passed away.
But the bottom line is if you're going to write some stuff, put it, get it right.
Get it right. Just once in the South Florida newspapers.
And it was goddamn fish wrapping.
Pieces of crap. God.
Can't stand it.
Okay, here's the, we got only a few minutes left in this poll and it's about to die in.
Look at back to Diana.
For us doing great with our audience.
What do you usually listen to before you'll show 8 to 10 am?
Scott for 137, Howard's for 86.
38% to like about 24%.
NPR 57, music 54.
Bob and Tom 19, they're great.
But they're in Palm Beach on a station that you can barely hear in Dayton, Howard.
And Ron and Paul have got only 8 out of 361 votes.
Only 8 in the Sunsides state and it's so great.
Right? No, that's pathetic.
It's weak.
It's weak, Ron and Paul. In other words, when there's an alternative, when there's a choice,
then the people are diving. You'll see in the next trend.
Ron and Paul Zeta, which used to be a great station when somebody I know was there.
Still good.
Now is a piece of crap.
Amon Porses, CNN practiced self-sensorship.
Listen very carefully, okay?
It's short.
Short.
CNN's Top War, and it's also going to be on our website.
I emailed it to a Federick.
CNN's Top War correspondent, Christiana Amon Porses,
that the press muzzled itself during the Iraq war.
And she says CNN was intimidated by the Bush Administration and Fox News,
which put a climate of fear and self-sensorship.
As criticism of the war and its aftermath intensifies, Amon Porses joins a chorus of journalists
and pundits who charged that the media largely towed the Bush Administration line in covering the war,
and by doing so, failed to aggressively question the motives behind the invasion.
On last week's topic, a with Tina Brown on CNBC,
Brown, the former talk magazine editor, ask comedian Al Franken,
a former Pentagon spokeswoman Tony Torrey Clark,
and Amon Porses, if we in the media as much as the administration drank the cool aid when it came to the war.
Said Amon Porses, I think the press was muzzled, and I think the press self-muzzled.
I'm sorry to say, but certain television and perhaps with certain extent my station
was intimidated by the administration and its foot soldiers at Fox News.
And it did, in fact, put a climate of fear and self-sensorship in my view
in terms of the kind of broadcast work we did.
Brown then asked Amon Porses if there was any story during the war that she couldn't report.
It's not a question of couldn't do it. It's a question of tone, Amon Porseset.
It's a question of being rigorous. It's really a question of really asking the questions.
All of the entire body of politics in my view,
whether it's the administration, the intelligence, the journalists,
whoever did not ask enough questions, for instance, about weapons of mass destruction.
I mean, it looks like this was disinformation at the highest levels.
Clark called this information charge categorically on true and edit
my experience a little over two years at the Pentagon.
I never saw the media holding back.
I saw them reporting the good, the bad, and in between.
Fox News spokeswoman, Irina Burganti said, if Amon Porses comments,
given the choice, it's better to be viewed as a foot soldier for Bush
than a spokeswoman for Al Qaeda.
CNN had no comment.
How do you like that?
How do you like that line?
I don't like that one.
That was on to the...
In other words, you're either with us or against us.
You commy bitch you. How do you like that?
How do you like that?
How do you pinko bitch?
More honest align that I would have expected from them.
Wow.
Oh, there's Ann Koltar again.
She's got her misdrugger piece out.
She's hopping on it.
That big black one.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound.
60, 180, and T.
Well, it's his strap on, you know.
He loans it through on a weekend.
Got a chin strap.
He made a place of mean chin balls, what I'm hearing.
Although I will say this, I got that straight from the O'Fudge report.
So thanks a lot, Miss Fudge.
What do you usually listen to before he'll show a Scupper Rell 140?
How it's turned 89?
NPR 58, music 54, bomb at time 20.
Ron and Paul am easily eight.
Pretty measly compared to the beastly.
By the way, Scott didn't pay.
I don't think you're ever getting paid.
They're just jerking you around.
Starting to catch out of that.
Yeah.
Here's Paul Middell Bay. Hello.
Hey there, Neil Tappman.
How you doing, sir?
Okay, number one.
Sam Burr was doing pre-recorded movie reviews
at the same time you were at IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I was at the IOD.
I think if we just leave the audio from Playboy Channel on for four hours and we just have somebody handling the bleep button.
We can just kind of lay out.
You know.
Or lay down.
Or lay down.
Or lay down.
Or lay down.
Or lay down.
Or lay down.
Or lay down.
Or lay down.
Or lay down.
Or lay down.
Or lay down.
Or lay down.
Okay.
Okay.
Really well or increased.
Raising our blood in our blooders.
Raising our blood in our blooders.
Raising our blood in our blooders.
Raising our blood in our blooders.
Raising our blood in our blooders.
We had facts about that baby's claws.
and we had something and we Emmanuel knew baby.
Down we had something and we had something.
And then some family wait until
I had something ofuwonders.
Lauren's venom.
to keep the hair from going back on our mind-hipples, and that's when I listen to the Neil Rattles 12-1 hour.
Are you confused? Lonely, drifting through life without direction?
Though I want to talk to you about an exciting career as an episcopal bishop.
You see the flashy hat and robe are just the beginning. There's the glitz, glamour,
plenty of TV coverage, and a personally autographed 8x10 of RB Firesteen with every archdiocese.
Commandments, Commandments. We think of the more as a suggestions. I mean 10 Commandments are 5.
But if you can bat 300, it's fine with us. Catchings in option 2.
Or if you're into the sweet science of boxing, you can always beat the bishop.
Now if you're thinking, hey I'm not episcopal, how can I be a bishop?
Don't worry. We have two bishops at a Muslim. Five atheists and a Buddhist bishop that let your
rubber belly for good luck before you play bingo down in St. Latoya's. Join us.
The few, the proud, the color coordinated episcopal bishops.
Provo 2 at 560 WQM. Happy Monday to him. Mad Dog at 2.
The Humper at 4 from Shula's. You got the Ricky Williams show. Mr. what does he call him?
Rostl, the Rostl, you dreadlock something.
I don't know. Oh how embarrassing. Moe, is there any end to it?
Absolutely not.
Ricky Williams show life from the Cleveland Run South Beach. Go there and hear Ricky Tiki Williams.
Better be better. Boop. But about. Oh, then you got her a cool hotline 8x10. I missed that before.
At Tony Romans with Joseph, by the way, the promo we're playing at Josie doing at the
hysterical play by play. So embarrassing that it's humiliating and degrading. We don't want to be
associated with that. Eddie K. follows her a cool hotline at 10 and Joelle and Mark overnight
leading into the daughtering old man. Here's the final results from the first poll today.
What do you usually listen to before Neil show 8 to 10 in the A.M.? 394 votes.
Scott for around 152 38 and a half percent. Nice going Scott. Oh, howard sperm 95 24 percent.
NPR 63 music 55.
Bob and Tom 21 and Ron and Paul only ate out an early 400 votes.
2 percent. Boy, that's pathetic. You know what?
Per Hedy said. Huh? Don't they get big numbers and the books and whatnot?
Views do, but I think that the way to do see this next trend man, you're going to watch them drop in
a bomb on Hiroshima. God. Let's see. Here's the fact it says from Greg and Sunrise.
This is a good suggestion, by the way. You got it on there already?
That you have there. Oh, I'm writing it. Yeah.
Since I'm sure he's got vague rannes, men and me useful, but he's still cool.
You bet he's still cool and you can you imagine? This is a guy that lost count like about 20,
30 years ago. We can't even keep track. Also, Pope Pius John should have been a Friday's
poll. You're full about dead John's. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All the popes were named John.
Somebody called about that and we could put like 100 John popes on there.
The voice of reason and ridicule Mike in Jupiter faxes.
It says this is an intelligent, informative and reasonable website.
Oh, I see ValleySceptic.com, which deals with Topus Yaudiodeon. Topus,
religion, president, Bush and politics, psychics, and basic everyday BS.
I'm sure you'll love it. It logically and relentlessly attacks the religious right
and they're sneaking to September. I'm saving this. It says keep up the great work you show
as head and shoulders above the rest and Mike you are. Absolutely correct. Sure is.
Head and boulders. You know, the great part about me is I don't have Dan Draft no more.
Chris Alcindor don't have any here. Well, nothing's perfect. Well, it's worth when you don't have
any hair and you have Dan Draft. Dan Draft. See, I wonder about bald guys. Do they really wax?
We're going to have to ask my what's his name for a short. I think they use a lotion.
They use a lotion on their head to keep it shiny like that and stuff. It puts the lotion in the basket.
I see. Who's the coolest of them all? Which well known person best defines the word cool?
This is a tough one, which is good. I mean, anybody can like, you know, it's like,
who's the best actor we've done? Those those are those were fine in their time. They killed some good
time. But cool, man, everybody's cool. Everything is cool. Oh, Miguel came up with one that I forgot
to write down. Yes. Christopher Wacken. No. Okay. I thought you're going to say Christopher Loa.
Paul Boy. Christopher Wacken. You said that and I wrote down Loa.
Well, Christopher, you and Miguel, where your minds are at, it's that Cuban thing. They got a
little Cuban in a man. Well, I tell you one thing in here that I'm being Christopher and Toronto,
we got people from all over the world, Zillions Asian Filipinos. I never realized there were so many
Filipinos in the first place. I think all of them are here. Really? Just about everybody in this
town's got like a little Filipino in them. What do the guys look like? Filipino guys? Yeah.
Because the world of the kind of strange short-world like Asian, you know, they don't know. I can't tell.
I don't know like Asian, but Islander Asians. I can tell the difference between Chinese and Japanese.
Japanese are ugly. Hey, no. Generally speaking, huh? Let's see. I thought you were going to say the
opposite. No. Are you kidding me? No, I've seen. I'm talking about men. Now women, I would say Japanese
women are better looking than Chinese women. No, yeah, exactly. Right. Generally speaking.
But Japanese men are ugly. I don't know what that's all about, but they're ugly. Chinese guys,
I mean, they're really a lot of really great looking Chinese guys, as you know. But I do.
Shine. Well, I told you about one. Chinese women. Well, he had little Chinese in him.
He said he had a little Jew in them. And then there's Korean and there's the Vietnamese. And in
the Filipino, I really can't tell. I don't know. You know, like like Black people say about us
whites. You guys all look the same. Well, the Filipino seemed like they they had short,
bow legs and broad flat feet. They're short bones. Bow legs. See now you're confused
with the Chinese again, too. I thought I was watching the animal planet channel. You know,
the doggy channel on the know because every time I look at another bone,
tops up and somebody's bearing it. Which well-known person best defines the word cool.
Johnny Depp was George's choice. And also that nice lady in the, she's the only lady we had
called. They by the way, believe me. Yeah, right? Mm-hmm. That's I don't care anymore.
We get paid the bonus for men 25 54. And that's it. What's that? Nicholson Neil Rogers,
which I'm about as cool as a frog's ass George Scott Farrell. I'll get some votes.
Clint Eastwood David Beckham, the soccer reggae, with all the money and the bad, the rice deluxe,
Snoop Dogg, George Carlin. He may be old, but he's still cool. I don't think anybody remembers
who the hell he is unless they're San Joseven words. Dennis Hopper. Bill Clinton.
Oh, no. Oh, not him. Speaking of, I don't know what the hell his name is, but there's some of these
pornogue on. Oh, he makes Ron Jeremy look like Brad Pitt. Bill Clinton, Steve Tyler.
Michael Moore, John Waters, no relation to Roger Waters or Roger Whitaker or Roger Ebert,
Roger Moore, Robert De Niro, Joe Perry, Hugh Hefner and Christopher Walken. You know,
there was a time when if we put Roger Moore on here, he'd get votes. Yeah.
Right. Don't you think we should put Sean Connore on there?
Sean Connore, yeah. Absolutely. Once upon a time. He was the other guy.
We're asking now. He's not forget about any old heart. No, he's past his old and wrinkled up.
That's like saying that George Burns is cool. Yeah. He still says a fly. Really great though.
George Burns. 567 05 60 pound 560 on the 18 TNT in Verizon line. Don Cox died. Bob,
what was your guys name for my O.D. Bob Sandler? Sandler?
I don't know. I mean, I guess it could have been because who the hell listens to any of these
stations on the weekend? I guess he could have been there. But when it seemed unusual to you
that there'd be somebody at the station that you just never even heard of. If he was doing
pre-recorded movie reviews and someone else was playing them, yeah, I don't consider that
being there. I see with all due respect. I mean, we don't want to be disrespectful. The guy
just died. He obviously was a good guy. People like him. Or at least we think so.
But we just don't know who that is. Here's a call from Miami. When it's tardies?
Hello, Nail. Yes, sir. How you been, Nail? I've been great. Happy Monday, TNT. Man,
Monday's a fun day when it's over. Yeah. Nail, a couple things. Did you see that half?
That baseball game where the ball hit the guy in the head in the other guy caught it?
No, he did not see that. Oh, man. I think it happened yesterday. There was a video on
a yes, PN. The guy actually the ball hit the guy right in the noggin. I meant,
I meant, I made a game on a lump on the head, the size of a baseball. And the other guy caught it.
The center field of fire. The right field got hit in the head. He had to leave the game too.
Anyway, my guy who's cool is Vince Vaughn. You ever heard of Vince Vaughn? No, never heard of Vince Vaughn.
Is he into Stevie Ray Vaughn? No, no. Vince Vaughn. He's been in the... He does the independent
comedy. Who did that movie made? Did you ever see that movie? No. You got to see that movie.
George, that's all little of it. You know Vince Vaughn? Sure. You do? Yeah.
No, George says no. I'm so sorry. I mean, I'm not that you're the definitive,
but the way you said it, I'm not that... Whatever. We could name every male actor if we're
going to use that criteria that Vince Vaughn's standard. He also spat on a guy. I was watching
some pop-aradity video that they show Hollywood Uncensored and he spat on somebody,
which makes him an asshole. Not cool. Let's see, John Faxis says, the coolest of all is Steve McQueen,
but you know, well, Steve McQueen number one is dead. Yeah. And number two, uh, you know, I mean,
it's serious. Talking about is, well, no, it is. Not dead people. Not from 100 years ago, okay?
Let's see, here's the Faxis. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. If there's one thing we can never
get enough of its moaning horrors, what are you talking about Paul and Ron again?
Now, did you hear what he just said? He didn't really put any
consonants at the end of the word. You don't, you've got to pay when I hit that button, man. You
were like, have your ESP kick in because he said, well, he said the beginning of it. Anyway,
please be free to insert that into your show. Whatever the urge moves you, it says.
I may have to mop up my cubicle a bit, says Bill. Regarding the poll since today is the coolest
person that would stand a reason that tomorrow may be the biggest nerd. That's good. I like that.
Thank you for nothing. That's tomorrow's poll. If so, please accept my early nomination, Rick Riley.
All right. I think he gets, I think he gets some votes, don't you? Sure.
Pulled out my floppy last night and it was just covered. Oh, just covered. What does?
The nerds the word, man. Ben and Vegas, Jen and Miami after split. Anybody care?
No. Are we sick and tired? I mean, do you know how she had a bad his pair of famous? Oh,
God. Remember they won that poll like by twice the next nearest competitor? Right. Who you tired
of hearing about? Just don't ever want to hear about these people again. Okay? I don't even care if
she's got the penis and he's got to vagina. I'm not interested. I don't want to know about it.
I want to see it. I don't want to think about it. Why does anybody care about celebrity weddings?
They'll be bone. I think you're part of it. That's the name of the actress that's in this
upcoming movie on a playboy. You better keep CNN down there from now on. I can get a playboy
channel going. All right. You keep abreast of that situation and I'll keep my I appeal for this.
Hollywood celebrity couple Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck have split at least temporarily sources
close to Affleck on the told Roy DeSace today. Close to Affleck. The pair were seen on Friday in
the LA area, boarding plans to different US cities after postponing weekend wedding plans due to a
media frenzy. Right. Said someone who wished to remain anonymous. The sources said that some time
last week, Affleck called close associates telling that he and Lopez had broken up.
On Saturday, Affleck was spotted gambling and setting himself without Lopez at the hard rock
hotel in Casino and Vegas right there in the corner of Harmon and Paradise, isn't it? Okay.
Named after the harness driver Donnie Harmon.
And Donnie, to finish lines over here, baby. Yeah, this direction, okay. He hasn't been able to find it too often lately.
Meanwhile, sources said that Lopez on Friday, fluid to Hermione residents had made plans to
stay to Canada where she's filming a new movie with Richard Gear. All right. Maybe they'll hook up.
Woo. I wonder if they're going to be doing assing that movie, I think.
Maybe Jennifer Conley's going to be getting their licks.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line 12 13 at QM. I'm a little bit nervous
about some of the copy that I got because I think our sales department is just throwing in the towel.
You know what I mean? That's new. Yeah. No, like that dilemma, if you're seeing a fat boy, you know,
like another spot coming up, I believe it'll serve me nice if you do something. Get off your big fat ass.
Get your walker and hobble in there and give George something to facts to me. Okay. So we got the
facts. That's all we want like Jack Webb. Just the facts you fat ass. You turd. God.
You know, when the town comes to have your carpets clean and look and brand new, there's only one
name should pop immediately in your mine. That's dry concepts. They're the best in the
universe I've used in my house for over 20 years and they always do a spectacular, unbelievable job.
And the reason that they do so good of a job is because they have that exclusive patent and method.
They dry clean your carpets. It sucks out the deepest dirt and the fibers your carpets make
some look brand new, stay cleaner longer and last longer to an hydride concepts offers you a
chance to say 15% on your next car for cleaning. Now that summer is winding down to a close,
just call dry concepts tool free at 1 800 2 4 8 507 1 has to be put in their stand by list.
Then dry concepts will call you the next end of that and opening their schedule like when you
fly stand by same deal. If you're available when they have an opening, they'll knock 15% off the price.
So call dry concepts today for East Dupendus Unbeatable job. Don't forget they give you a written
guaranteed price before they start to work and ask to be put on their stand by list.
They might even have an opening for you the day you call. So you're sick and tired of having
your carpets look and smell bad. Here's the deal called dry concepts today. You can get 15%
off the price of the job. Call 1 800 2 4 8 507 1 1 800 2 4 8 507 1 or check them on that wicked
worldwide web if you like a dry concepts dot com.
Did you see our ratings for the last book?
Yeah I know it was worth that in.
You are. Good to see you.
Yes. Watch your back.
Yes.
I got a lot of bad producers you know.
That's right.
I don't understand.
You can eat from a trough while you're in both ends.
That's right.
Watch your back.
Yes.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
The first allegation.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Why do you have to run it with the with the corny material I was bad.
Dennis Lewis great your material was pretty lame.
I was a folks.
I'd like to talk up I will have time to play that.
Well we really do but I won't.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 T and T and Verizon wireless line.
Don't forget go to neararchers.com.
We need your money for abandoned pay rescue and you can get your best NEL CD's
2002 2003 and your Mohawar David had all the crap you can unwrap.
Keychains and other other good stuff Wednesday's the next van hit and when the
girl when it gets around it would he'll tell us tomorrow right wouldn't it be nice to have like a one-day advance.
Now you're asking for it.
I see.
The rain's been asking for it for a long time she ain't getting it.
That's why she's in there hanging out with Moe reading the headlines she'll take anything.
Here's the call from P Ryan hello.
Retire.
Retire asshole.
Retire you asshole.
I told Clarence that he sees not ready yet.
Here's Poppano hello.
Poppano.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey first time long time.
All right.
All right.
Hey I have two things for the poll as far as the pit of me of coolness.
Yes.
Mr Dennis Fronz from NYPD Blue.
Okay.
I'll put him on here.
I'm not you know I'm not that blown away but I'll put him on.
Okay.
And lastly it's great to know that I have a reason for my CRS disease which is damn cell phone.
Take care.
Okay.
567-0560-05060.
Don't forget to use your cell phone too much.
You're going to become senile and then you'll be able to call this show.
Isn't that what it takes?
Isn't that what we require?
Sure would explain a lot.
It would.
Yeah a lot of the cell phone calls we have.
It's not there fault.
Before they actually dialed it up they were like rational reasonable people and all of a sudden they started sticking that thing to their ear.
They stuck it in their ear man.
It's like that.
Look at this.
Feel it slips your lips.
I'm not taking any chances after that previous episode.
By the way the recall has been post-polling or something.
The California recall.
Oh let me get on it during the break.
We'll get the latest in the race.
Let me get on is on CNN right now as I speak.
What a much in all this pornography.
Shame on me.
Olden of voters ballot not being counted.
Then the other voting systems used in California.
So the conclusion that they have drawn is that as a result of that there is unequal treatment which is a violation of the 14th Amendment to the Constitution.
How do you like that?
Hanging Chad ballots that caused the 2000 flu kind of regime Florida.
They got the same problem and some of the counties in California.
The candidates will continue their campaigning whether they will revise it somewhat.
Governor Gray Davis has already put out a statement saying for the moment he's going to continue his campaign as if the recall is going forward.
Of course as we found out seven days is an eternity.
Oftentimes seven days means nothing in the glacial pace of the judicial system.
But in this particular case there's some obvious urgency and it's just a question of where the appeal lands.
All right.
19 till two at five sixty W.A.M. have your fat if you're sick and tired of being out of shape and lethargic and diabetic or right under her jubin.
Here is the answer you might be looking for.
Everybody and their brothers tried every diet under the sun.
All of us fat people you know that.
And if you failed and all the other ones for whatever the reason this might be the answer you've been searching for for a long time for a coon's age balance for life.
Beast what did you say he's down to now he's lost about 600 pounds to 52.
Okay. So that's like.
Right. And he's back on it. He's doing it because you know this is his last chance he's going to be dead.
There's no cooking no shopping no cleaning no calorie counting no carbohydrate counting just great unbelievable results.
You'll watch that wait start falling off on the scale within just a matter of days because balance for life is based on the zone diet.
It really works mighty complicated principles in it.
You have to worry about figuring anything out because they do all that work for you.
All they do is deliver right to your door a little black sack every day.
Those are the only two things you have to do is reach out and grab your sack and number two fill out that little menu once a week that's got your choices two choices for each meal and snack.
Every day that you're on a program and all the food is fresh delicious.
Maybe the best ingredients they've got chicken dishes and beef and omelettes and frittatas and really nifty stuff in there.
Everything like I said is the best ingredients money can buy nothing pre-familicated nothing frozen or artificial anything at all.
So if you want to lose that weight finally get yourself into shape and extend your life called balance for life today and let them help you do it.
Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 3 2 2 9 that's 9 5 4 5 6 8 3 2 2 2 9 we're getting more info about it on their website balance for life dot com.
My life and look all this is for 305 60.
Way and way and way.
There was an old farmer who lived on a rock.
He sat in the middle just shaking his fist at some boys who were down by the crick.
They're feeding the water their hands on their marbles and play things and at half past four.
There came a young lady she looked like a pretty young creature she sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruffles and laces and white fluffy dung.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling rep you sin litter from yesterday's hunt.
While the girl in the middle was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dark.
He looked like a man with a size of a home in the country with a big fence out front.
If he asked her for a lightly she'd show him her little pet dog who was subject to fits.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with a movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck on his candy so tasty made of butter, Scotch.
And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty you can go fuck yourself.
All right.
147 at 560 WQM. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello.
Neil.
Yes ma'am.
How are you today?
I'm doing great. How about you?
I have a suggestion for your phone and also a question for you.
Okay.
The suggestion is Robert's plan.
Who?
Robert's plan.
From Led Zeppelin.
Robert's plan?
Yes.
Okay.
Okay.
And I have a question.
Have you been to Vancouver Island?
No. Never been to Vancouver period.
Never been to BC.
Okay. I'm just curious.
Okay. Thank you Neil.
Have a great day.
Bye.
What do you say Robert's plan?
I'm sure you're hands.
All right.
All right.
Okay. I'll bend out a shape.
I'm just curious what the consensus is.
If you're a foot of monitor.
I didn't see the mad dog on the last time I checked.
Is he on there?
Maybe slipped through the cracks.
Did Robert Duval and Jim Mandage and Dennis Lurie and Dennis...
Did he say Robert Duval?
All slipped through the cracks?
Robert Duval.
Yeah.
I didn't know we were putting him on there.
Okay. We were not.
Jim Mandage. Well, mad dog's got to be on there.
If you and I can be on there and...
Right.
Well, he sure is though.
He's a lot cooler than we are.
The mad dog.
Am I right?
All right.
No question.
So here's the story.
A federal appeals court has blocked the October 7th, California recall.
All right.
They don't have it.
The winner?
No, not John Weiner.
Or what a grotesque thought that is.
See, one thing about clearance.
Not only is he like a eunuch, but he hangs out with people of similar...
Although John Weiner was married, why not?
I don't know.
Well, think.
To what?
A federal appeals court has blocked the October 7th, California recall.
But state is ordered for seven days to allow an appeal.
The ruling from the ninth U.S.
The second court of appeals follows a hearing last week in which the ACLU sought a postpone
of the vote.
The ACLU argued that election officials should have more time replaced antiquated voting
machines in several California counties.
If Monday's ruling stands, the recall vote would be moved to March of 2004.
How do you like that, huh?
Peter Reggone.
He spoke to him for the California Governor at the Great Davis Campaign.
He said the governor and his campaign will keep moving forward till it settle.
It's in the court's hands, Reggone said.
We'd be pleased by anything that tends to greater enfranchisement of the state of California.
California.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
An LA Times poll published on Friday, while we know this is on our website, showed that the
support for the recall is down to 50%, 47% saying they would vote to keep Davis.
I mean, it's like razor thin margin.
I think he's going to keep his ass in there.
How do you like that?
Great.
To which we say anything to subvert the will of the right wing lunatics who are trying to subvert the will of the election.
We'll go through it by stealing election after election, Florida, California, etc.
And so on.
Coast to coast.
It's called dictatorship is what it's called.
Like Jimmy Brezen said, fascism.
What's Arnold going to say?
Hello.
Yeah, what he's going to count to three real quick.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Georgia the Fag.
Okay, great.
Georgia the Fag.
You're an asshole.
Tell us something we don't know.
Okay, Schmuck.
The whisperer again.
We're going to find his ass and destroy it.
Not all of them just the ass.
Here's Volka.
Hello.
Volka.
Neil, hi.
How you doing?
Okay.
I got somewhere for your ball.
How about Keith Richards of the stones?
Ah, no.
Even now, even McJagger, I wouldn't put on it.
Oh, no.
He's an old man.
And he's a butt plug tycoon now.
Who's that?
Nick.
Oh, man.
Nick turned out to be a prick.
Rhymes with.
Why is that?
Nick.
Oh, there's just a way that he treated.
He's a jerk.
And he's all greedy.
And just all these stories kept coming out.
What are you talking about?
They came here and did that concert for free to help us out here.
Well, that was the one.
Yeah.
I'll just up until then all these stories kept coming out to you.
So, the other is you, you were hard to put David Boy on there.
But you weren't hard to put on.
Uh, McJagger.
He was a little freight train.
Did David Boy is an old troll or are you coming in old queen?
God.
But he's on there.
You know, I, I, I, he has a wife, you know.
I, I, I, I, so did, so did McJagger.
What else is that prove?
So did Elton John for about two minutes.
Yeah.
Good.
Golly Miss Molly.
So she realized what that nub was supposed to be a penis.
That's why it wears the big glasses.
So I'm making see it.
152.
I have 560 WQA.
And it's been said that everything you do, the big things, see, the small things.
Even the everyday things can change the world at least some small way.
This idea that everything you do has the ability to affect somebody.
Also something that people have Vermont teddy bear company really believe in.
It's one of the many reasons they put so much attention and pride in the very little bear
that they make.
They want you to feel confident that when you send a Vermont teddy bear,
you're sending gift that will bring somebody love and fun and to somebody's day and be cherished for a lifetime.
Setting a Vermont teddy bear is as easy as calling 1-800-829-BIR, or visiting Vermont teddy bear.com.
Santa Vermont teddy bear to surprise somebody on their birthday.
Welcome a new baby.
Make somebody who's under the weather feel a whole lot better.
Whatever the reason for occasion Vermont teddy bears are a fun creative way to make difference in somebody's day,
so call 123-1-800-829-BIR, tell them that old Neil told you to call or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com.
That's 1-800-829-BIR.
Hi, Michael Locke.
This is 560.
The radio's on your side.
You and me.
Neil Rogers.
Michael Eisner.
Two rings, Eisner.
It took you two rings to answer.
What are you doing over there?
I'm sorry, sorry, I just couldn't reach the phone.
I couldn't reach the world.
One ring, Eisner. We've been over this.
I'm sorry.
Get on the ball over there.
Okay.
What do you all hung over out with your mighty dick?
Who's her?
The hockey kids.
Oh, the N.I. mighty ducks.
Oh, what a successful story that's been-
Oh, whatever. Sell it.
Sell it.
Well, that team, they're terrible.
So they're in the Stanley Cup finals.
What does that mean?
Well, they're in the championship of the national.
I'm not in the sports anyway.
I'm one of a porn miles.
porn miles.
Forget about the ducks.
It's a stupid name anyway.
Who came up with it?
Well, I did, sir.
We remember we had that.
Oh, it's terrible.
And I see you hanging out with that straight brim on your head.
You look like a moron.
Next to Charlie Sheen.
No, no, no, no.
That was Emilio Estavez, the star of the mighty duck.
They've had it.
It's the same kid.
Terrible.
The mighty duck.
I mean, they really are entertaining.
It's a great family doubt.
I don't care.
I'm not going to tell you about the duck.
What?
Hang on a minute.
Yes, sir.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, my God.
What the hell is wrong with you, Remus?
Oh, nothing will boss.
You're almost white.
Yeah, I'm pale, boss.
Oh, handsome, bad Chinese.
Some bad Chinese.
Yeah, better downtown boss, Ling.
Ling is a panda.
Whatever boss I, I got to go.
I'll get away from you.
It's like a brewery.
Oh, my God.
Come on.
I said, yes, sir.
Well, things are going very well over here.
You know, we have the mighty ducks in the Stanley Cup Final.
Terrible, so I'm...
And we also have the Finding Nemo movie, which is doing very, very well.
Yeah, I mean, Remo, let me ask you a question.
Yes.
Why do I have a check for $4 million on my desk?
And the thing made $70 million?
What kind of deal do we have with Pixar?
Well, we sort of...
Remus!
Oh, I'm not...
Did you do it?
I think I put myself forth.
Your put yourself...
Remus!
Get out of the office.
We are...
My...
My...
My...
My...
My...
My...
I need to stick up in here.
Hi, sir.
Yes, sir.
You can't have to me.
I...
I...
And...
And idiot.
And idiot.
Hi, ironer.
Okay, well, sir, would you like tickets for the mighty ducks?
I told you to sell the ducks.
Ducks?
Change the name of that thing anyway.
What...
Change the name of the...
No, we gotta keep it.
Make it the...
The meases.
What are meases?
Meases.
What are one more?
That just mice?
Yeah?
Are you correct in me?
No, sir.
Wait a second, I hate you.
I'm getting a walk-ball.
Ducks!
Okay, how are we doing on the coolest of moths?
I don't see Mad Dog under you, by the way.
He's gonna get parked off.
Yeah.
Jack Nicholson's 70, Jack Win's Hands dumb, and nobody can touch old Jack.
Johnny Depp 42, Clint Eastwood 38, Hugh Hepner 36, Bill Clinton 31, I got 27.
Comedy vote.
Christopher Walken 24, De Niro 21, George Carlin 20.
Scott Forell's got 15.
Snoop Doggie Dog's got 11.
Now, how many's George got?
And George got 7.
Yeah.
So that ain't too bad.
Yeah.
Any two good?
Bye, bye, bye!
This is better than sex.
