At the game it's just gonna be great. I admire you for trying to get Neil to go out there
Yeah, I asked Neil if he wanted to go, but no he pushed out. No
Pussy why should I be different from friend you anybody else here? Nobody wants to go
You know don't be given these people on here to spillone you admitted to me this morning in a hallway and I heard you say it coming in
That this town is soft and that was the kindest word I ever doubt that it's soft, but at least I'm scream
I'm trying to give you high marks. You're given to the shot, but you like everybody else. We've all been through that you'll discover
We're gonna be swapping secrets out there. I'm gonna have every all these families while it's available if you were given
$50 bills at the gate you might get a crowd
Maybe if the weather was just right and the moon was in Uranus you just might get the right credit
I love to have the moon in my anus and I was everybody getting me a $50 bill of game
And then I could go up and afford some of their drinks
Let me ask you how much will you pay to go to Jose Can Sego's house for four hours?
Did you see that story? No, yeah, dude
So he offers you know you know that this guy's got to be a QA and listener Joe Santyr is picture
Look at then a Harold Greg Cotex is calm
So what did he he went a day at Jose's house if you if you spend 625 bucks per hour you can go to Jose Can Succo's house and
Shoe was with him. I went golfing with him one day. He's worse than me. I mean he's awful
Is he worse than Mo? No, most not bad at golf. Yeah, well, he's certainly got enough practice. He's a great golf
I can play every day practice. You ought to be pretty good. You get to play every day
But the fact that a matter is Jose Can Sego you have to pay me to go to his house exactly who cares about him
What kind of a lifeless loser spends $2,500 to go and the picture here shows he's got the four championship brings on his fingers
Nobody likes nobody likes him anymore the guy the guy you know anymore
Well, he talked about he said every guy in the leagues on steroids and I guess he was the ambassador for steroids
Right, I mean once you do that the players union all those guys turn on you
But when you're done playing no one cares about you anyway
Yeah, but he's he's bitter because he didn't get his commission saying
That's why he's that's why he's got to sell out his house now 625 bucks an hour
You can go in here and soak up the atmosphere. He's broke obviously right and his brother
But remember when he was playing you think you might have had upon some of those guns
Like northern league games and Jersey or something I remember already I think last year the year before I mean
Meaning was he doesn't even matter. He's vintage
How much we can get you know how much you think you could get for somebody to spend an hour at your place? How much could I get
I think
Yeah, I just gave it the answer
Deep books. Yeah
Have a last I know wait a minute before you go. I just want to I want to share this with you
Okay, because I know you're gonna hurt to get home to that hot piece of answer you got waiting
Oh, I got some delicious ass. That's what you told us she is a
She's known to rain, but nothing's perfect, you know, I can't even I can't even satisfied. I could even I can't do rain
No, Doreen. She's got a huge rat
No, they're gonna have a large ass you can ask backwards very
Of course you can say on here what you said in here. She's got a huge a my girlfriend is all day
I can't even keep it up that long listen to what kind of a I don't want to sour you because you're you coming with a highest of enthusiasm
Here's my first facts of the morning. Yeah dear Neil
I'm confused when Joseph Gackie screams oh my oh my is that from a hurricane's gamers that him
Dropping a load in this pants in 1992 when his airplane knows diving to the house in Miramar
Now see you don't know what that you know what that means back when we had her cane
Hurricane Andrew I was living in siesta key when that thing uh, okay now I remember it was a gackie
We were all working the io d together and he out of the kindness of his heart
He got a rescue plane and three guys were taking relief supplies down his
Out there so they're playing crashes and we get word that there were three people on the plane including Joe and two of them died, okay?
So this is the kind of people we got out there is that from a hurricane game or is that Joe dropping a load in his pants
In 1992 and his plane knows that of the bad house in Miramar brutal these people are great
From my Toronto didn't know his guy did it not yet. I've been on a plane that had problems
I was with the thrashers one day and we were flying into DC and the thing bounced like an NBA ball for eight minutes and like 12 guys hurled all over the place
I've been through that everybody was vomiting because when the pressure drops and it's oh there's nothing
That would be the worst way to go best ever was coming back from Amsterdam on martin air one time
Yeah, and we're in a brutal rainstorm in Miami which could be any day as you're discovering and a plane
We're coming in for landing and we get to within about 15 feet of the runway
And there's bad winds you're in all of a sudden the pilot he changes his mind. We take off again
Oh, I hate you can't even begin to imagine there were people praying
I was saying Hail Mary's I was rubbing my rosary
What could be worse than going that what if you're at 30,000 feet and you and you drop out of the sky?
Yeah, what what what if you were on that plane in Pittsburgh that they were trying to fly into the capital?
Can you imagine no?
I mean, I think you're are you picking on Zagaki again? I'd hate to see what was in his pants
Hey, you know this morning, but you know something I'll give you a clue what's in his pants look at his face
That I asked you know, Joe Zickname, though, so I asked the biggest face. Yeah, I asked bees to be changes is underwear every day
And he does can you imagine he had me thinking about some of the stuff he's got carrying in there
Jesus Christ. That's enough to ruin my month. Have a great day. Thanks for losing my appetite. I good luck to you. Yeah
Is it this is the show?
This is my lover. Well, congratulations get a life after miserable attempts at comedy and being a nice guy
Schwarzenegger's back as the week
Crigidator freeze maggot. Yeah, what's going on?
You picked you exactly
What society and a people who else are you gonna turn to? Oh help is getting away. I can't help you. Oh yeah
I
Can't see the forces of evil Schwarzenegger is
Regurgentsator 10 or 6 at 560 WQM happy at Tuesday to you
I feel a lot better today
I don't feel like I have the mung in here. Although John Jarrett's is a good guy
He was in here earlier from power 96 and he said that he's been I think there's something in this building
But so a lot of pussy's in this building or afraid. Oh, Neil's gonna bring stars back. We better put them in a quarantine
So you know that would have been a good scam. I should have gone into quarantine for a week and then just like
That would have been the way to do it. You know what I'm saying? Uh-huh. I think there's something going around this building
Anyway, it's great to have for well here for many reasons not only is he doing very entertaining and psychotic show, but
Being here for a few days and getting to watch him eat
See this guy is like a Mexican jumping bean on drugs. I mean, he's just
maniac so as much as he's eaten in there
He's before he even digested before it gets like into his colon
He's already burned it up
Because he's like that. He's spastic. I mean, he ought to be on television. That's just on radio
So anyway, here's that fax again to start my morning. I'm confused. You're in the I'm confused
Seriously, this is bad. This is evil
Talk about a bunch of brutal bastards out there when Joseph Gackie screams
Oh my is that from a hercunes gamers that him dropping a load in his pants in 1992 when his airplane those devils at that house in Miramar
And then to show you what a great business this is about two weeks after that happened and this ends Gackie just he survived
You know, he's just lucky could have been him
He survived the plane crash and two weeks later they fired him an IOD
Right thanks for the great job and helping save those people down there
We're glad you didn't die to plane crash. Don't but guess what you're fired your ass is fired wasn't even healed up yet now
By the way, we love how he's I should mention that because all the way did pay for this last a bunch of food
Because Zach really let us down see fat people they'll they don't share
They do not share they want you to eat a lot, but you got to get your own I say
No, seriously they want you to eat like crazy, but they don't share what they got because otherwise they can't keep up that
Growth
So Zach crans who turns about how many times have we been through this we thought he was our friend see
He's got one leg in both camps. You know, he's standing in the mo camp just in case
Just in case self-preserve is that what it is? He looks like he's been pickled
Zach nice going Zach we used to think you were pretty good guy
He's been hanging out with the beast too long. So yesterday we had what about 50 pull something like that
Uh and Jeff Cohen was in here from pizza lot for give him a nice two-hour commercial. You're welcome Jeff
And the last pool wasn't really a pool was our religion survey because Jeff thinks that 70% of the audience are Jewish
And I kept telling you dreaming man
You dreaming well some of you go and please go eat it. Uh pizza lot. Please
Just to try to convince him to the opposite
So we asked what religion are you we do that about once a year?
We got the look at the responses on their boner boy
288 and that was our third pole of the day that pretty impressive
Pretty damn impressive especially this time of year when there is nobody here
Thank you by the way for number one all your kids have been out of school and number two nobody being here
See that's another thing for all those understand even if the people here cared about baseball or the marlins or either of the
Both there's nobody here anyway
So any event like baseball which takes place primarily in the summertime. There's nobody here
Nobody here except those people absolutely have to be for a few days
What religion are you Catholic?
35
That must be your people to work
And the Irish
We don't got no Irish how many Irish people how many Irish people are you think are listed right now?
I'm third man out of here Irish people
A 335 Catholic agnostic 291 atheist 240
Jewish 192
Oh
Protestant 120
Fundamentalist born again christians 31 2.3% of this audience in spite of all of our anti-religion our anti-bushmeister ramblings
They still like it so much they can't turn it off
Wicken I see this always happens. This isn't an admiration 23 Wickers at the same 23 every time is that what the number here?
Well
But how is that possible? I don't even know what that means besides witches you refer to it as pagan
Those people refer to it as pagan yeah, it's the witches but the for real witches which ones are those six 17 17 six
And those are the ones that are called for all this morning
Buddhist 12 Christian scientist 7 Mormon 7 Hindu 6 Muslim 6 7th day Adventist 4 and Scientologists 3 out of 1294
We thank you for like checking in 14.8% Jewish as opposed to the 70% that ponytail was peddling now one other question
Voner boy
Because I don't want to get you an Eric started again here, but we have a little bit of a problem on our
Hot couples contest
I'm gonna go to the home page. Is it up?
It is up they can vote now
We were supposed to let you vote yesterday
We had a little bit of a problem because some of the people's pictures were so fat
That it took up too much space on it. What?
What isn't that the problem? That was one of the problems
If you fat tubs are gonna send pictures to qualify we got to put them on here because we haven't said what you got to be beautiful
I mean you can look like crap. We don't care. It's something you do
But so it takes up all that damn space on the hard drive and Eric's got to do all kinds of you know stuff. Of course he can relate to it
Okay, see our new contestants here. I'm clicking on it. I don't see anything
Oh, here you go visiting now. What what what what moment please one and I can vote
There you go. So what's up right now the voting begins during this break excellent. Let's hear it for Eric
Mostly Carlos
No, Eric did a lot of work on this. Don't be putting him down. Okay. He worked his brains to a frazzle
Because you got him on the defensive so much that'd be a good pull question one day who's more on the defensive Eric or a mo
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
I saw my good friend moe he was driving out this morning. I was driving in my beautiful Corvette
And we kind of bonded for a couple of seconds. Although he said his ass in the his car
What is it kind of a nice car? He's got always not driving at SUV. What is that thing?
That white like a jag or something? Is it I think so. Oh no, you know what I think about people who drive Jags
You know who else drives a Jaguar screw in right the only good guy drives a jag is uh,
Charger's
But most people drive Jaguars are assholes Jaguar
Oh Jaguar, but at any rate so he says to me says, well, I can't believe that a high price celebrity like you is it
And they have a limo driver that you're driving yourself
And being as quick as I always am I said only on Tuesday and Thursday mo just to keep in practice
The limo guy'll be here tomorrow and he drove off heading up the Hershey highway to Boka
probably take a nice nap
Going get in the least the nine maybe 18 this afternoon huh
12 minutes after 10
You know something if my life consists of which I guess if you live down here
It's easy for that type of business the most boring place in the world if my life consisted of having to drive back and forth from Boka to this toilet
And like playing golf I kill myself. I'm I'm just I'm thinking out loud, you know just think it
Hey, speaking of that are you in a dead end job?
Is Carlos to expensive maybe it takes too much of your life too long
If you can afford ten bucks a month to commit yourself to three nights a week for four months
Our friends at fast-ranking up you achieve a new high-paying computer career
Let me say it again only ten bucks a month the three nights a week for only four months that individuals are qualified call fast train
toll-free one eight six six fast train and they have four locations in town
So there's bound to be one nearby you and convenient column toll-free one eight six six fast trains
Speak with the train career counselor fast train office you day evening weekend schedules dot placement hands on training
So pick up that thing right now pick up your instruments stick your finger with it and call fast train one eight six six fast train
The deferred payment is valid for a year regular payments applied thereafter whether you're a high school student on summer break somebody
An underpaid dead end job working for an ass or just looking to increase your net worth call fast train one eight six six fast train
Or check them out of that wicked worldwide web at fast train dot com
My
This is for three oh five
If there's a butt I smell it. Let them help it damn their kill them warning the following contains material
Not suitable for people with electricity you love watching girls go wild during spring break in Daytona
But are you ready for the wild action of spring break in pencil vania Dutch country? It's um as girls gone wild
Amish girls gone wild the video that will raise more than just your barn you'll see sexy Amish babes getting rachi in a totally uninhipin
It's free for all
Order Amish girls got wild today and receive the bonus video Amish West stocking contest
It's 30 minutes of sexy self-stocking action where it takes
Revealed i'm ankle
I'm a gentleman don't delay order Amish girls gone wild and Amish West stocking contest for only two quilts and a go
By the way using the telephone will not steal your toll
pencil is needed five sixty wq and we got the mad dog back from a urban hell
He's been two to four this afternoon Hank is doing a show in the studio today for I don't think I'm ever gonna see Hank again
Do you now that we have this like two-hour separation? I mean ever see the hump or again
Uh marlins on deck six thirty night marlins in the meds again seven oh five anybody here
See they announced 10,600 last night. Oh, I watched some of that game to show you how boring it is down here
I watched some of it and first of all there was no 10,600 there. Let's say there was about
8,000
Okay, well give me let's say it was 9,000
Of those nine thousand there had to be minimum two thousand meds fans right minimum even though the snowboards are pretty much gone
But there there's a lot of meds fans here. So that leaves like 7,000 people
Was it raining last night? No, was there like some kind of a big accident on the turn pipe? No
No, was there like a pigeons
Frogs followed from the sky now no excuses
And for us got his big night tomorrow. We'll promote the hell out of that form tomorrow when we find out what it's all about
He's got 175 people are gonna be out there. I think they'll probably have what each their own section is the way it's gonna work right
The votes are coming and we got 45 votes already to pull us up. We apologize, but you got a whole week
You know we don't really apologize all that much that we didn't get up till today
And so far
Probably we like once a day we don't have to keep it going back to this because we got our regular polls. We got to them today
The first one we better do real quick. Let me just open this up again and see how the early balloting is doing with our hot couples contest
Did you vote?
Only one person per uh, you know just like the poll
No, but we aren't uh, what do you mean by that?
We don't let people moat multiple times. No, no, but I'm saying we aren't gonna tell people who we voted for because we don't want to sway the
Frank and Liz are in first place 13 votes nice couple Frank and Liz Brian and Natasha nine another excellent couple
Mary and Shane look at that eight look at those I mean
Even I'm impressed yeah, we about why I should mention this all you people have little kids out there
Don't let them on our website this time because they might see some nips. Okay
Right after Mary and Shane nipsy Russell
But we don't want them we got to tell them that don't we do like a little disclaimer?
Whatever nipples nipples there are some nipples on your okay big thinking deal if you don't like nipples
Don't look if you do like nipples look at it a lot
holly and deer and five
Captain singing his wife are good close personal friend captain sing they got five votes nice go on captain
Good man brings us all them dirty magazines
Ian and Jen what that for a long time now captain like I said don't vote for them till he starts bringing Georgia a lot more dirty magazines
Ian and Jen for
Mike and Kristen for
They're nice
Vicki and Mick have four
Uh
Danny and Michelle have only three now I'm a little bit surprised at that aren't you
What's wrong with Danny and Michelle? I see and again I don't want to influence but I'm just expressing an opinion. What's wrong with them?
young
Then in sherry three for the older crowd. I mean
And then you got Greg and Stephanie have got a pair they got a pair oh speaking of a pair there's a rich and Cheryl
She's got a pair but they only got one vote she doesn't even have one vote for each breast yet, but she will and Josh
What is it jody and Kevin they don't have any yet other for 61 okay now?
Can we just dispense with that for while later in the show we'll go back from recheck it
But it's gonna be up there for a whole week
And our hot couples contest be sure and go to our website meal Rogers dot com
Here's the first poll. This is only for a short time. We're gonna build the other one of course not movies. Thank God
No way
Anybody even reads about a movie this next to 13 shows immediately
older brains out
Then George is telling me he's gonna be doing like about a hundred movie shows this summer at least a week
Great. Here's our first poll
Which Q and this is your own opinion, okay?
Which QA impersonality do you think despises how are david of the most?
Not that we want to get into personalities you understand
But which huh based on what you hear based on what people say based on that
Explosive run any Edward Joe Rosen Saturday. I still can't get over that can you
That was a shocking
The buzz in a hallway man people are like on the ceiling some of them do you see that yeah
Which QA impersonality do you think despises more how are david the most who's more how are david that's got to be on her that choice
George
Neil
Joe Rose
the beast
Hank
Mad dog
Eddie Kay I don't think Eddie Kay hates anybody. He's just a nice guy Carlos a K. A. B. N. Erboy
Gildy
Joe Castello or far out what about Zach the sack is not a QM personality
We're not talking about board ops. He's an impersonality. He's a non-human is what he is
He's he's excuse he gave me this morning. He's got like two bowling balls stuck in his stomach is what he said
Oh, is that what that was the excuse? Yeah, it was a tumor. Yeah, you talk about denial
This man isn't such that I was actually you're not a bad guy. Okay, you're good Jewish boy, but you're gonna be dead pretty soon
I'll tell you what's gonna be dead
Yeah, that he's on a phone. I'm good then he won't hear me talking about
No, that's seriously you have a death wish. I said that as soon as you went downstairs for your fag break
This is a man bacon don't don't be influenced by us because we don't want no lawsuits
Okay, bacon is very very bad even though we do love how he's a lot they're great. We love you how he's
But bacon is bad for it'll kill you. I went back to that McCulley a Kilmer uh whatever's name is
Booking in last night just to see if he said anything about bacon and he did yeah
poison and he said oh
Carcinogens man
Sniperites mixing with all kinds of other chemicals in here and they are definite carcinogens in other words
They're caused possible cancer causing agents that will eventually kill you
So after this week I'm I laying off the bacon. Okay, but since I'm here and since it's nice snack early in the day
One thing I had discovered this is very strange
And maybe it has nothing to do with bacon
Maybe it just has to do with eating like non-carbohydrate foods in the morning because I've never been a breakfast eater
But being diabetic when I eat the bacon early in the day like eight nine o'clock in the morning
My blood sugar is much better than usual. It seems to stabilize. I don't know why I don't know why
And then amazing maybe I just discovered something you think no I doubted. Well, it's sugar free
So there's our pull a question pull number one
We have another one coming up that will be building as we go through the show
In regard to Greg Cotex's calm today. I got to be honest with you. Seriously some of you sports nerd people
We need to help you we need to find you know how they have like GA and AA and this is beyond there's nothing else like this
What are we gonna do with those people
What are we gonna do I got a few ideas
No, seriously, what are we gonna do with people or are so obsessed with the sports nerds shoot him in the lake?
Yeah, I mean not with a real gun, but like maybe with a BB gun pretty lightly like a vehicle
Okay, is that new pole going up there or not?
Did I get I did give the result. What do you want Zach? It's on the other pole
He wants it you want on the other okay, but I'm on your zack. Look at him. He's not a celebrity. Okay. He's not a person
He's just a fat tub of crap. Okay. He's not a personality. Although did you lose a little weight? I did since I was here last time
30 let's hear it. I told you of course in this case that like one morning ball
Yeah, how can you tell keep it up? Don't don't let the beast
Don't let that fat tub of crap the beast interfere with your weight laws
Okay, if you let him influence you you'll be dead by the end of the month
I'm serious
He's I just noticed that he actually the the t-shirt that size xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxc
Yes, they did a deadly hit run accident after police traded it crazed a license plate number to his car and found the windshield caveman
And I don't know how many you people seen that on TV last night, but it was and his comment was he thought he might have accidentally hit like a bird a plane
maybe with Superman
Bishop Thomas O'Brien, 67, was driven away in an unmarked detective's car, but he was
taken to the hospital shortly thereafter because of his high blood pressure.
He was a little high, and his blood pressure too, was a little high.
But the reason he may have been high was under a lot of pressure.
Earlier this month, it was announced that O'Brien relinquished some of his authority in an
unprecedented agreement with prosecutors that spared him from indictment on obstruction
charges for protecting child-velusting priests.
How do you like that, huh?
Right back where we started all over again.
There's no fact in the church.
Right.
Right.
And I love Mohawar David.
End of that discussion, right?
So he hit and run, and then the best part of this is there said, well, you know, this
guy, a 43-year-old Jim Reed, that was the name of the victim in Phoenix, he was Jay Walking.
Well, I don't teach him.
I guarantee you'll never do that, no, Moh.
How?
I'll never do that, no, Moh.
He was Jay Walking.
Absolutely.
So I guess anybody could have heard.
I could have hit poor Jimmie old Reed, Jay Walking in the middle.
But usually when you hit a pedestrian like that and kill him, you don't just drive away
and then say, oh, I think I might have been a bird.
You know, must have been a goddamn big bird to put a bust into a windshield like that.
You see that thing?
Yeah.
The whole left side of the right side of the windshield was like, said, all caved in.
Maybe it was an albatross.
It could have been.
Maybe the bishop's got an albatross around his neck now, you think?
We can only pray.
Contour.
You idiot.
There's no fact in the church.
Bishop of Brian.
There's one of your good Irish Catholics for you.
Anyway, we're going to talk about that Jose Conceico thing.
That's going to be our real pool for the day.
Because I just, I mean, first of all, if it was somebody who was like a good guy, you
know, somebody that everybody admired, oh, by the way, Hume Cronin's dead.
Anybody know who he was?
91 years old.
Remember Hume Cronin and Jessica Tandy?
Hume?
Hume Cronin.
You saw the incident, yeah.
Cocoon.
Right.
Don Amici.
Sure.
All those old parts.
I think they all dead now.
No, what's his name was in it?
Art carning.
Right.
He's not dead.
Is he?
No.
But Don Amici.
Don Amici was great.
Love Don Amici.
Great.
The bickersons.
But anyway, that's for old parts like me and Mo and Bokobrán.
So we don't want to talk about Hume Cronin too much.
28 past 10.
We'll talk about Jose Conceico and how much would you pay?
I wouldn't give you like 3 cent.
If he walked into the building right, in fact, I'd pay 10 bucks to make sure he got his
ass out just so we could all be safe.
We don't like Jose Conceico on his show.
OK.
And here, and I promise you, I guarantee you, in fact, maybe he'll even call in Joe Sandler,
your pictures in the paper this morning, Joe, you look like a silly person.
You're making a clown out of yourself.
What's your entitled to do that?
It's a free country.
But you're a big celebrity now for paying 25 and a half bucks to take your girlfriend
of Saccharon and Jose Conceico's house for four hours.
This town really does give New Mean to the expression I have no life.
That's got to be when you cross the Georgia, I'm telling you, the Georgia Florida border
has got to be a big series of billboards that say I have no life right there staring
in the pus.
29 past 10 at 560 WQM in a summertime in this town guarantees three things.
Heat, humidity in the hurricanes.
You know, you can't, we're not talking about sports either.
You know, you can't control the weather, but you can't control how you protect your home
during hurricane season.
The hurricane shutter in window shop provides the best hurricane protection with just one
call to the hurricane shutter in window shop.
They'll be at your home the next day with a quote for hurricane shutters, windows, and
doors customized and engineered specifically for your home.
From panels, the courtyans rule up, shutters, impact resistant windows, and doors, the hurricane
shutter in window shop will not be under sole.
They beat any written legitimate quote because you're buying direct from the manufacturer
and wholesaler when you do business with these folks.
So call the hurricane shutter in window shop toll free 1-800-538-0191.
They also offer cash and carry if you do it yourself handyman.
So if you're serious about hurricane protection customized and engineered specifically for
your home, call a hurricane shutter in window shop 1-800-538-0191.
That's 1-800-538-0191.
Be sure and tell them that old Neil told you to call.
5-Egg-Local, this is 5-6-E.
3-Egg-Local, Q-A-M.
Last night, I dreamt of Kins-A-E-Go.
Just like he never let my side of all, I'd wait with hoes they can say go.
He showed me just how to handle the ball.
I should always say how to vote.
The back of breath was kind of won.
I took off my cones.
He kept on his cleats as I miscommit round the base.
And slide it into his face, get the shower with hoes they must finish the line.
Who in drugs man is the boy who comes to drugs and pick him up and drugs?
This is the place.
Now let me ask you something because the old man can't eat in there.
When you think like if you get up and listen to me, if you get up at 3 in the morning and you have to come into work at 5,
when you think you want to have breakfast sometime before you have to leave.
He can't eat in there anymore, right Mo?
But he won't come in here and hang out in our nice diner like you do.
I can't imagine why.
We want to extend the hand of friendship to Mo to come on in and eat here and he'll be done.
Maybe we'll even give him some drugs like Sarah Goldfarb, some purples.
What do you think?
What did he just say that we don't want to say anything?
He said the F word.
He said, for else said the F word, he just said his name, the F word.
Did he really, what did he say?
Did he say F Mo?
What did he say?
You're laughing now.
I can't enjoy it because it was actually what I want to hear the audience wants to know what he said.
We want to know what he said.
He said he F and hates life, regarding Howard.
Bimo?
Oh, in other words, maybe.
Now see you can't be all over the place here.
Have a great day Zach.
You actually do look a little bit better.
See I try not to look at it.
You were nearly because usually you're doing good work.
And stay away from this little troublemaker.
This yenta, this fat type of crap.
Yeah rub him on the head.
He'll take anything.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Poor beast.
We got so many dysfunctional people.
That's why I like it here.
I've fitted into this place like a glove, like a rubber glove in your rectum.
That was pretty interesting scene on guiding light by the way.
Maybe that's today.
Maybe they see it a day afterward here.
I don't know.
Now what am I looking for?
I'm trying to get back to our goddamn poll, okay?
And we've got so much stuff going on here all at once.
We had a gigantic response yesterday.
And it's part of the fact that it's a summertime and there's nobody here.
And supposedly nobody's listening anymore because I did too many shows on movies.
Okay, 56 votes on this poll.
This is only going to be up to about 1130, right?
Okay.
Well, no, because we got the other poll, but we're going to have to build it.
It's not a movie poll.
It's about, I'll tell you.
Which QA impersonality do you think, now do we also get Zach on here?
Yes.
Zach already got two votes.
And Bet you he's, that's why he ran out of here.
He wants to go vote two.
Which QA impersonality do you think despises Mo?
How are David the most?
I'm in first place with 21.
Gildi's got 11.
Now that's interesting.
Maybe that's why he's looking so desperately for another job, like even at Publix.
Huh?
I saw Gildi at Walgreens last night.
I thought it was in it like maybe get some drugs.
He was just like filling out a job app.
Gildi 11.
Who's Mo? How are David at nine?
They still haven't caught on.
George 6.
Even though we try to get your ass canned, I mean feverishly.
I mean, came within an eyelash, you get you can't.
It's been really got six votes.
Cause they figured Joe Rose 3 and of course he probably wouldn't have any except for that outburst on Saturday.
Zach has got a pair, Hank's got two.
I think they're underestimating the Humper there, mad dog appear, and nobody else has got any.
Including Farrell.
I don't think Farrell hates anybody either.
He hasn't been here long enough yet.
He will.
Give another week or two.
He's a good guy.
Just came in wanting me to go to dinner with him and his girlfriend, which I took a rain check till next August.
Okay, till I mean till this August.
When I'm back in town.
No, I don't want to be going out to there, especially in Delray Beach.
Would you all of a sudden your case you go anywhere if somebody else was buying.
Although it would be interesting because he invited to take me to dinner.
Right.
He invited me.
Yeah, I'm not used to that.
I'm used to and other people inviting me to take them to dinner.
Right, I know it's a new thing for me.
So I'll take him up on that August.
No, seriously, he's a good guy.
Well, this is if the audience had any idea of how excited we are to have somebody that we actually like here.
You know, it's kind of a throwback to the old days.
Like when Phil came in, remember that?
Remember that?
Are you sure?
Yeah, exactly.
And we're in SUDs where we're going.
Huh? Right.
I mean, I'm not saying the last good, close, personal friend I had in this business was Bill Coulter.
I mean, we used to go to the track all the time.
I used to go over to his house, him and his wife and I were great friends, have dinner.
That was great.
And even his first wife and I were in Palm Beach, a J&O.
But he was the last really good friend.
And I spent a lot of time with him in this business.
And, Jen, we'll get our people to come in.
Hey, how you doing?
You know, they're okay or their assholes or whatever.
But we finally got a guy that everybody here likes.
So we've got a real contrast there between 6 and 10 in the morning.
The first two hours, we got a guy that everybody hates.
And the next two hours, we got a guy that everybody likes.
I'm talking about inside the building.
I mean, nobody's going to go on here and everybody like them.
Right?
Right.
I mean, no, no.
No, it's just because if everybody likes you, then you're boring.
You know, and for all of a sudden, we're not boring.
Okay, how's that thing coming?
Now the votes are starting to come in a little bit.
89.
And this is only going to be up to 11.30.
Which QM personality do you think this buys us?
It's Mo the most.
Neil 29, Geldie 20, George 13.
You move it up a little bit.
Who's Mo Howard, David, and 10?
Mad Dog 5, Joe Rose 5.
And I see the reason they would assume Mad Dog don't like him is because
remember how he had that meeting with him when he first came to town that feed off
and the whole thing and like lay down the law how the games were going to go down.
So they figured Mad Dog 3.
And also they know of course that Mad Dog loves Bill Zimper.
They worked together for like a whole bunch of years and really were great on the dolphin games together.
But Zimper got screwed.
He got stabbed in the back.
I resent I take it personally that you're accusing me.
I came in here I wasn't looking for that job right.
Sure whatever you say.
That should have been a tip off.
Absolutely.
Like what's that guy say?
What's that guy say?
What's that guy?
The one you've been playing all morning.
Howard David.
No, absolutely.
And yeah.
Absolutely.
There you go.
It is Howard.
Yeah.
That's Howard David.
Absolutely.
Oh my God.
If you could do listen to me.
If you could do the summer in Ferrell's voice and Moe could do the slice the loan.
We have gigantic numbers on his station man.
That's his impersonation of a black man.
That what I'm telling you where it came from.
Of a black person in particular.
I forget who exactly some box or some shot.
Some specific black person.
Let's make this very clear because you don't want to get him all bent out of shape.
Okay.
He's not just like you know he wasn't stereotyping black people.
He was like doing a thing.
Absolutely.
About some particular like a person.
Some box or baseball.
Some goofball.
Some right.
Bought third man.
Okay.
For this I don't know is it being back here but it seems like it's all a lot of crap going on.
Yeah.
Is that what it is?
A lot of crap going on.
Wow.
Anybody in the audience if you haven't caught on yet there's a lot of crap going on.
We had a couple of people on the phone but they realized I'm not any hurry to talk to them yet.
Well no I got all this stuff here going on.
I'm not going to worry about calls.
It's getting so desperate now that all the kids are out of school and everybody's flown to coop.
It's getting so desperate that even...
Ciao and bye!
I had this fire report as even he called for all this morning.
All the enough cases.
Which is really a good sign.
I said you look good but that didn't mean we want you to come in and bond with us all morning long Tommy.
Don't get carried away okay.
Now he's all right.
Torch for me.
Always about George for me.
Tommy said it was George.
No you don't.
They're not going to get upset with you about that.
And I like George for me.
I got my lean mean grilling machine that George came in from my birthday about the hundred years ago.
We like George Foreman and Moe is doing what?
Impersonated.
George Foreman don't be talking like that.
You be crazy?
Well that's his...
I think he was doing...
Roar!
Myself.
I know somebody else who was.
I saw her yesterday as a matter of fact.
Hahaha.
Oh what a disgusting thought.
I will say one thing though.
You know for else always talking about...
For all must have like a penis thing you know.
And as much as he's talking about his hot girlfriend and getting late all the time.
He's obsessed with everybody's package including his own.
Right.
I think he'd have been really impressed with...
Roar!
Foster.
Man.
He wouldn't let him that...
Thing we have.
That big gigantic device.
Right.
I think he'd enjoy it.
Absolutely.
Oh now you got me obsessed with that thing.
Oh my god.
That's Moe?
Well haven't I always said...
No seriously you've heard me say this before because I try to be fair.
That inside that man somewhere, somewhere in that brain or what's left of it.
There is a part of him that's a panic.
I want to believe that.
Yeah and I know that.
There's a part of him that's really a...
A hoot and a hoar.
Maybe when he was younger.
If he could just let his...
Hair down.
Oh no!
I can't believe I was gonna say that.
If he would just let his hair down a little bit.
Maybe an intro too.
Like right over his forehead like Moe Howard.
Sometimes it's like a real guy.
Hahaha.
19 to 11 at 560 WQM if your carpets look and smell embarrassingly bad.
Here's the answer for you.
The miracle workers at Drive Concepts.
We use them once and you'll find out why I would never dream of using anybody else.
Every year for over 20 years now I've had Drive Concepts come and clean my carpets and they make...
I've had in my house I live there for 11 years now the same carpeting from day one.
And they make my carpets look just like brand new.
Like I had brand new lead right there in the floor and they'll do the same for you.
No rip offs, no scams, no games, no BS.
They give you a written guaranteed price before they start.
They show up right on time.
They roll up their sleeves and go buy dry cleaning your carpets and make them look just like brand new.
And they'll also do the same great work for you.
On your draper, your expensive area roggin or rental roggin.
On your a plustery leather furniture.
If you have pet orders and milled orders caused by water damage they'll make those disappear like magic too.
Believe you me this is one business you can always depend on in this town.
Drive Concepts which is why they've been here for so long.
Call them toll free.
Do yourself a big favor.
Call them at 1-800-248-5071 instead of wasting a lot of money on brand new carpeting.
Make your old Smarry carpets look and smell just like brand new.
1-800-248-5071 you can get more info on the great work they do on their website,
www.dryconcepts.com.
Don't forget their slogan and it's the truth.
With dry concepts you can clean today and entertain tonight.
We're sports waiting on 5-6-3-2-1.
UAM.
All right now welcome back to the Mojave de Jouen your Moamucusestation.
We got a special guest journey in this today.
Oh no! Not on the Piedlar again.
That's J Piedlar Yannam's go.
Wow!
And today he made it.
I'm even tired of dropping his date.
But how was the ratings party?
I don't want to talk about it.
What?
What's it?
You see I thought it was an old nude ratings party.
And?
Lawrence told me everybody there was going to be in the nude.
So he shows up naked and everybody ran out of there.
Yeah!
Because he shows up naked.
No, he told Lu-Wen the same thing.
Oh yeah. Well.
Oh.
Here comes our special guest for real, right?
Well, what do you know?
What do you say?
You know, this is gotta be one of the premier radio shows on the air today.
What do you call it?
Oh, the boss and the boy three.
You guys are a panic, eh?
What boss and boy?
He's talking about Neil's show, Mo.
Let me tell you something, man.
I know what you're up for that spooge, officer.
That guy there is gayer than Lester.
Whoa!
Get loaded and hooded!
But there's no broads on in here.
This is a sports station.
Ah, put in the top of your shirt.
I'm alright, then what is that?
And his nipples down.
What am I dancing?
No, I'm your two-bay.
I suppose you want to rape me now.
Ha!
You're a bad guy.
Everybody else wants me for their receptacle?
Why not you?
There you go.
No chance you'll best bid.
I'll see enough of these gays as I'm bokeh every day.
I want you job.
My job?
That's a different kind of rape.
I'll have you know I'm the king of the station.
And you have the go.
Who would he's the good?
He has got out of here.
Hello, mo.
Greg, what's going on in here?
Please, large fellas are here to escort you outside.
Give me the keys for the kingdom of the kingdom.
Why, of course, mo.
You can always count on me.
Miss Carlos and Tim.
Come on, sister.
Let's go.
It's a pun off me.
Drop that in tight glue.
Oh, man.
Just one other thing before you go.
What's the thing?
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
Take them away, fellas.
I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal his two bags.
10.47 at 5.60 W.M.
So just to prove the point,
you've been or boy lost his car keys.
It's raining like a nightmare outside.
And his car went as a rule down it.
Yeah, it's just what it is.
Yeah.
Did he find him?
No.
So he's AWOL right now.
He's running around and building trying to find his car keys.
Right now he's looking for a plastic bag and some duct tape.
Tell him they're probably right next to the keys to the kingdom.
I'm always just talking about car keys.
Well, some people don't smoke till after work.
Yeah.
So sad.
So sad.
So anyway, George picks up the phone which was a bad mistake.
We're having a great first hour here in the places.
There's like a fun atmosphere in this building
after somebody leaves that I want to mention no personalities.
But it picks up the phone.
Well, that absolutely is the bestest of all.
No.
But that's not who he's imitating, see?
Absolutely.
No.
At least we don't think it is.
That's not the story we got.
No, that's not the story.
In addition to what difference does it make?
What difference does it make?
Oh, it's important.
Yeah.
It's important.
You sports nerds out there.
You're lifeless assholes, man.
God.
Anyway, look at the votes we're getting on this hot couple of contestant spectacular.
I'm amazed.
Frank and Liz, who must have a lot of friends,
or else be very popular with the audience.
56 votes.
And we got a whole week of this.
Keep in mind, Mary and Shane have got 24 votes.
12 for each.
A nipple.
Holly and Deer and I got 20.
Brian and Natasha, they're right on their ass with 19.
Mike and Kristen got 15.
Nothing wrong with them.
Ian and Jenna got 15.
Captain singing his wife or 11.
I guarantee they have more votes if he brings more porn magazines.
I'd arrange it.
Danny and Michelle got 9.
They should be moving up.
Vicki and Mick have got 8.
Greg and Stephanie got 7 votes.
And in the old look at that, Julian Kevin just moved up with 4.
Dan and Sherry got 4.
And Rich and Sheryl have got 2.
She's got 1 for each boob.
194 votes already.
Boy, this is going to be well beyond our wildest expectations.
But you're right.
We got a pretty good sampling out there.
There's nobody like stands out like the last time.
With Amy and Erin like stood up because they're both models.
Number one on the course, we had that naked couple in bed.
Which, you know, who was a bed?
Yeah, well, there's a naked couple hovering on something.
And that's all you need to see.
Now here's the facts.
Just like you just said, everything is going a little bit too well,
too good of a mood.
Just voted on the Hot Couple's contest.
It says the winner will get it.
And this is from a chronic fax or two.
The winner will get a three night two day stay at Heatonism.
Three night two day question mark.
Is that what it says?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Let me just say this to you.
Okay. Whatever it says.
We don't care.
It says three day two nights.
Oh, there's a typo in the second one.
Okay.
So we'll straighten that out.
Okay. We'll straighten somebody made a mistake.
Like Carlos, he made a mistake.
He left the house.
Which in his case is always a mistake.
Are we ever going to see him again?
Some people drink coffee in the...
I just... I don't understand these people are always living there losing their wallet.
They're losing their car keys.
They're losing their lunch.
I don't get it.
He just has this dark cloud.
I mean, he's a nice kid.
And he does a great job on our website.
But he's not going to make it.
He is not going to make it.
He's not going to make it.
Whatever day it is now.
And whatever day is the next one.
He isn't going to make it till the next one.
I don't think.
I don't think.
I don't think.
Oh my god.
You might as well give up, Carlos.
Just give up.
Yeah.
This song was written for you.
Okay. No movie stuff.
I hope you start some viscweed.
Any chance Gelly may hook up with D-Fo.
It says.
No.
No chance.
I mean, D-Fo is trying to e-code live it on that show.
He don't have no spare cash to, you know, siphon off to Gelly.
Besides, that wasn't the way it worked out during the first team.
No.
It was Joe with it.
No matter if it was Joe Rose was the godfather to Gelly.
He's the one that brought him in.
And D-Fo and Gelly never really got along very well.
There was always that rift.
It was always that kind of like, you know.
But we don't want to get into personality.
No.
So anyway, speaking of personalities, here's the story of the century,
which is, and it's a throwaway, but it just caught my eye.
I think tomorrow we'll talk about Mike Mayows' thing about
the cell phones in school since it got you all worked up.
Yeah.
Say that for tomorrow.
We'll do a pull on it.
A pull on.
We'll do an a pull on it.
But this one, meeting Konseko, it's not priceless.
Not ordinarily, anything Greg Kotex has to write.
I wouldn't waste your eyesight reading it, okay?
But I saw the picture of this guy, Joe Sander,
and in behind him is a smirking, a smircling Hosek Konseko,
who I'm sure is taking to himself.
This schmuck is paying me 25 hundred bucks to spend four hours in my house.
Are you ready for this?
No, I was not.
Eh, I was neither.
And the headline on the article by Greg Kotex is,
meeting Konseko, it's not priceless.
You can rent Hosek Konseko for $625 an hour.
He graciously will open his South Photo Home to you,
and beat your disposal for a barbecue, for a batting lesson,
for relaxing quality time in the pool,
and for no added charge, you'll enjoy the company of Joe's
Hosek exceptionally friendly German Weemuray,
Weimuray, and her honey dog, Zeus and Zena.
It'll be just you, your controversial ex-communicated baseball hero,
with sniffing bobble-head dogs, and the untrusive friend-slice witness,
who will quietly be in the house at all times,
to make sure you don't punch yourself into the face, get all bloody hysterically clean Hosek,
and then speed-dial your attorney.
Are you following this?
They have an in-house witness, a Poison.
One of Hosek's, I didn't say that.
I said that.
Goon.
And now you're supposed to play.
Absolutely, absolutely.
Yeah, hired Goon.
How come we didn't put that in here yet?
Yes, I just got it, it's fresh.
You just got that, that was a moat thing?
Yeah, from this moaning.
Oh, he's dead.
I'm telling you, he's got, there's a little part of him.
I mean, I know he would never believe this.
He'd never believe it.
But in spite of all the crap he's done,
there's something about him that makes you want to like him,
but he makes it impossible to do it.
Even me, still.
I'm serious.
You look at him and you chuckle and you think,
maybe because we're thinking of the character, a book of Ryan's poem.
No, now you're laughing.
No, seriously, you know what I'm talking about?
There's the real moan and there's the character.
Another train monkey.
Right.
Which granted the character is a lot more amusing, but nevertheless,
there's a party moe we would like to like.
If we could find it, we'll let you know what it is.
Anyway, it goes on.
I'm the poster child for lawsuits, explains the prudent host,
meaning Jose Can Succo.
And so the bizarre latest chapter, the Jose Can Succo story and progress
unfolded yesterday inside the guided community of long-like estates in Davy.
You're going to make an appointment to go over?
625.
Well, I'll tell you what, how about four, there's a hundred and about 130,
give, or 15 minutes.
130 bucks.
I, words fail, no.
Or, I don't get it.
Or a little over two bucks, you can go in there for a minute.
And like, pee on a carpeting or something.
There's, there's celebrity.
Drop your pants and,
pick a loaf.
You have?
There's celebrities you like, like, say Jared Lido or something like that.
How much would you pay?
I wouldn't pay.
All right.
Anybody, a dime.
I wouldn't pay anybody a penny.
I'm just not a groupie.
And I have nothing but revulsion for groupies, which is one of the reasons I
stopped doing those appearances.
And so, I mean, look, I don't want to sound ungrateful.
There's a lot of people support this show for years.
Knock on wood.
I appreciate that very, very much.
But people that want my autograph, let me just say that there's something wrong with you.
Okay.
No, no, seriously.
Why would anybody want my autograph?
To wear the flesh.
No, no, seriously.
Why does anybody want my autograph?
To prove that they ran into you.
Show their friends.
Look, I'm a little bit...
Yeah, like that guy in Phoenix.
And the bishop, he don't want my autograph.
Absolutely.
No, he don't want it.
Yeah, you know, I'm getting a little bit concerned.
I don't think we're going to see Beanervoy.
And he knows something.
I bet he didn't lose the keys.
I bet there's just a new scam he's got.
He's going to come up with some different story every day.
And he's probably out there smoking something.
I don't think he's standing in the rain.
Is it really important to have some dogs in?
Yeah.
He's going to get a big ass.
He's going to get a big ass.
He's going to get a big ass.
He's going to get a big ass.
He's going to get a big ass.
He's going to get a big ass.
He's going to get a big ass.
He's going to get a big ass.
He's going to get a big ass.
He's going to get a big ass.
He's going to get a big ass.
He's going to get a big ass.
Man.
Tostle working by the way.
Oh.
Tostle nasty.
Everybody walking on eggshells.
And now you notice, once it comes about 805 and the mole man is like on his way up the Hershey highway
and his big jaguar or whatever it is, all of a sudden everything lightens up big time.
Even the weight and the bullpen they're lighting up a couple of ounces.
Because everybody's running around.
They're wobbling around.
They're coming in here to eat because they want to eat me out there.
And we're just having a good time and he'll die in the run drugs.
It's great.
Anyway, I'll get back to this thing.
So the poll we're going to do once we dispense with this first one here.
Which you can help us build this poll.
Okay.
Where the hell is it?
You got it?
I got it.
So whose house would you pay $625 an hour to visit?
Huh?
I got Jose Konseko.
Then I got the one I'm going to vote for.
Nobody.
And then after that we'll find out.
The Neverland Ranch.
And probably somebody will say my house.
Well, guess what?
No, money.
Put it out there.
A lot.
Some of that might be able to come into my house, but for different reasons.
I got to send pictures first.
I like my great.
My good friend, Aaron.
Remember, Aaron?
You'll pay them $625 an hour.
No, I would not.
No, I would not.
No, I would not.
All of Aaron's case.
Maybe about half of that.
Can we deal for about 20 minutes?
That sounds good to me.
10.57 at 5.60 QAM.
This is 420.56 QAM.
Push.
Push.
Tomorrow.
Right wing Nazi Republican Mother F**kers.
Saint ammonia's boni's who we're in their own mothers.
I'll bet you're going to say that when it comes to your back as they bake your board that train.
Right wing Nazi Republican Mother F**kers.
Well, adjusting enough.
Just half-right.
Feeling the airways with hatred.
The radio was permeated with the likes of Dr. Laura Bill Hendry and Michael Reagan.
Are you sure they call the clear channel cost it clearly out to make the message clear.
The right wing Nazi Republican Mother F**kers.
There are right wing Nazi Republican Mother F**kers.
All right.
For all the tables talking itty it's too rude to get any dumber.
That or not, or two whatever they are told to believe and worship George's their king.
Right wing Nazi Republican Mother F**kers.
Well, the Democrats who crap their pants like a child that is scary movie.
Have Terry McCullough who should go home and shut up because he don't have a clue what he's doing.
The Democrats have a death wish when it comes to deciding who they will run.
And you can color them done.
If they run jolly for months.
Or right wing Nazi Republican Mother F**kers.
There are right wing Nazi Republican Mother F**kers.
Who get a dignity but isn't them that's getting a juicy hunger.
Just remember what I said when it comes in your back they make you bored that train.
Right wing Nazi Republican Mother F**kers.
But whom would you look in?
There are right wing Nazi Republican Mother F**kers.
1103 at 560 WNC.
It's our 311 and New Now.
I guess every hour is big enough.
Thanks again for all for coming in here.
If only if you're getting me back my hours at 10 to 2.
He has no idea how desperate we were to get back on his to 10 to 2.
These are the hours in the Aradges show.
Greg, don't be messing with them again.
You jackass.
You're simple.
You're simple than you.
He's not in town.
I'll wait until I find out he's back in town.
I like having Greg to business when I know for sure he's around.
76 people say the personality and the QM personality despises Moe Howard David
and the most kneel 76.
Even though I still have hopes.
Not too many.
Gioldi 50.
George, look how many votes you got on there.
You moved up from 6 to 30.
30.
Who's Moe Howard David at 27?
Hank 16.
How if they only knew.
Joe Rose 13.
Mad Dog 12.
The B6.
Eddie K5.
I don't believe that, do you?
Nope.
I don't ever see Eddie.
So I have, I mean it's possible I guess.
Zach Ford.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
Oops.
Zach Francis got four.
Big fat Zach.
But not as fat as he used to be.
Carlos II.
Ferrell's got one.
And Joe Castello won.
Because I guess they figured Joe Castello was too nice if we got to hate anybody or at least admit it.
And Ferrell hasn't been here long enough to hate Mo yet.
Plus he's getting free beers off him.
So anyway, here's the pool question.
All right.
Now we're going to change it now.
Now we'll build this one.
I don't believe the other one up till about 1130 or noon.
Anyway, it says in the bizarre latest chapter of the Jose Conceco story and progress unfolded yesterday inside a gated community of longest day.
Lacey and Davey, if you're expected there like history making fan Joe Santa was yesterday, you glide past the uniform guard.
Hang a fast right and soon find yourself anxiously walking up a circular driveway and pass the decorative fountain toward God knows what.
Oh, this kid isn't even from here.
Oh, my God.
Thank goodness.
That's a good, and so he's not one of our listeners on the station.
Santa, 22 of Sealand's Grove, Pennsylvania works in a factory assembling windows for Phillips industries and might be mistaken for a perfectly normal young man.
Had he not been first in line to spend $2,500 for four hours almost alone with Jose Conceco.
Job brought along at additional cost and additional cost is girlfriend, Genie fix 21, a dietician's aided a hospital.
An additional cost I'd like to find out what the additional cost was, wouldn't you?
No.
Conceco always has been the athlete, Santa admired the most. I've been a huge fan for 13 years. He said, Jose spoke his mind, but what would Jose be like in person?
And then it goes on about this and about.
I'm even how pleasant he was and a girlfriend said he was a pleasure to be around a joy.
I didn't even know if he would speak to us and yaddy, yaddy, yaddy about Jose's problem with steroids and with guns and with beaten up backs and wives and girlfriends.
All of these other alleged things.
And great code text says one imagines a burgeoning cottage industry for faded former stars who are either retired against their will or striving to hang out of their retreating celebrity.
What are we bid for brunch with Hal Greer? How about grocery shopping with Jim Kick?
That'd be a kick, huh?
Kicking a pantaloonies?
I mean, seriously, how much of a sicko fan can you possibly be to spend money to be allowed to go into somebody's house and just hang out?
I think that's the end.
I think this is the ultimate. I think we have finally reached the end of life as we once knew it. It's impossible. I can't believe it.
I mean, Memorabelia, okay, here's an autographed baseball and autographed joc strap and autographed golf ball that Mo Watt's found up his ass, whatever.
You could sell that at least. Yeah, it's something tangible. It's going to be worth something someday. You hope maybe.
But what do you get when you walk out of the maybe a few pictures? Assuming they let you take pictures, I guess.
Sure. Well, what else?
Besides the great memory, feeling of satisfaction. So that's going to be our next poll.
Which cue and that's not it. That's what it's already up there. Which cue. Which cue would you like to?
Whose house would you pay $625 an hour to visit? Jose Canseco nobody or whoever else you want to put on the list?
56670560.560 on the AT&T line. Here's Pompano. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Good. Good. Good. More. You sound wonderful today. Yes, I do. Because I'm in a really good mood.
Must be the bacon. Yeah, I love the bacon. It's going to kill me, but I love it.
Neil, I voted for Gell Lee on the poll, but I think Mo Howard himself should be on there because he might be a self-hating old man.
Old man. Yes, indeed. And Neil, I'm trying to save $28. What happened yesterday? Did you read the sentence from Hillary's book?
No, no, I'd love to book in Toronto. You don't think I was going to schlep that thing back here. And you also don't think I'm going to read another cut.
So you got to wait till next Monday to find the next sentence. I wish I was going to be hanging, man.
Okay. Good luck, you pal. You know, I don't see a tremendous response on this here right now. And I realize there's nobody in town, but this is going to start pissing me off.
This is reminiscent of what we saw yesterday.
Isn't this the crowd they didn't want to talk movies anymore? Right? This is enough to frost my ass. I think it's pretty interesting myself.
Probably a lot of people too embarrassed to admit that they would do it. Who's house would you pay $625 an hour to visit?
Should we take the dollar amount out? Huh? Who's house would you pay to visit? Okay. Okay. Let's take it out because you got to be a real asshole to like, you know, 625.
Who's house would you pay to visit? That's good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Let's get the show on the road.
We're in two bit of a mood here on this and the audience always rebels against that. They hate that. They don't like it.
Things are going a little bit too well here. Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Thank you. Morning, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? I'm doing good. You should put your knees in better mood. I got a last night on Fox family.
I'm watching all the right moves with my eight-year-old kid. Yeah. And outcome. The MS on Fox family. I'll be damned.
Unleaped. Oh, movie. Excellent. That was kind of interesting. That is good. That's good. My son turned the word before. So it didn't affect him much. Yeah.
I remember I was on there. I guess probably having like a digestive problem is not hearing about that. Yeah. It was fun. Probably part of it. You're making leeway. Neil. We're all coming about.
Don't deal either. Okay. See you. I'm making leeway. What does that mean? Do you have any idea what he was talking about? 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon.
Which QMC we're doing two pulls at once. I'll just give the results of this now and again when we're done with it.
Which QM personality do you think despises more Howard David at the most? We're asking.
And if it'll refresh your glad to tell the result. Neil 95, Gelly 57, George 46. You're moving up. You're starting to make a strong move.
Who's more Howard David at 33? Hank 17, Joe Rose 16, Mad Dog 13 to be 7, Zach 5, 80 K 5. Be inner boys up to 3. He wants more.
Scott for L2 and Joe Castell only one out 300 votes. That's a pretty quick 300 votes. If he asks me.
Let's see. Here's what it says. There's only one I would spend 600 bucks for. Hugh Hector want to play boys mansion. I want to play boy mansion.
Okay, put down Hugh Hector. Okay. On a your first bowl somebody says you left out all of the above. Well, you'll have to make a choice. Okay. Realize it's difficult. Make a choice. Pick one. Pick a big one.
5 6 7 0 5 60. Oh, there is something in this studio. Oh, God. And you wonder.
You wonder why there's something in this studio that won't let them bring an exterminator in here. But instead they put out a memo about you. Can't eat in that studio. How come they didn't give us that memo?
Because we yeah, we we'd flip them off. We come to wipe their ass with the memo. Right. That's exactly what we tell him.
Not eating in the studio. Please like to deal with a bunch of little children. Oh, it didn't. I guess in a way it's good because it gives a chance to bond with for all that much more.
Comes in the meals drugs and diner sits down shovels all kind of crap in his face and he's like hyper. He's just so hyper. He's like a practically squirming out of the chair. You notice he very rare hits it. He rarely sits down. He'll sit in that little.
He cheer there for a minute and then he's like standing up again and like we live all around. He's a crazy person.
12 minutes past 11 at 5 60 W to QM how low can those interest rates go? I bet you're accent that yourself now.
Now financial group does limbo rock under the lowest refinance rate you've ever heard of. How low? 1.95%. That's correct. Now you can refinance your home or buy a new home and get a super low 1.95% financing with financial group. Call them today and find out how you do this. Call 1-800-940-Lend.
If you even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate. Call financial group 1-800-940-Lend and you talk about savings. Wait till you hear this. If your load is 100 grand, you pay only 368 bucks a month.
If you have a 200,000 loan you pay only 736 a month. Call financial group toll free at 1-800-940-Lend and get the low low rate you've been looking for 1.95%.
Interest rates are at all time low as no way call now gets you 1.95% financing from our good pisaons at financial group 1-800-940-Lend. That's 1-800-940-Lend.
And either an equal housing lender, credit restrictions apply and rates are something to change monthly 5.19 APR.
My and local, your sports radio 560's you and you AM.
Wait, of what took place just now off the air? Cause I think it's important to hear this.
Howard just called the radio station Howard David, who I get along with great. I thought he called me an asshole saying I was trying to stir it up.
My point back to Howard is don't listen. Listen to 101.5. Let me see what age group. 101.5 for Howard. Maybe 102.7.
Some easily listening love music so you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids instead of listening and always calling the radio station.
He's becoming Howard, the caller like Howard from Boka. Howard from Boka.
He's like you know it's okay. So anyway, he's he's listening so just wanted to get the message out and don't call my show too.
Just for a record. Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you.
And I don't want to hear you on the private line. Congratulations. You know the private line number. That's great.
But don't call because you're not coming on this show. You got you've got your three hours five to eight.
Monday through Friday. You can talk all you want, but you're not coming on this show. And we'll leave it at that.
All right. I got nothing against you. You seem like a decent person. No.
And I know you've been getting a big hit on the radio station from everybody else. But it's over. Me and you done.
It's 11.60 to 5.60. Look at this response man. Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Hey Neil. Yes sir.
Nick Willie. Welcome. Bumba. Bumba all the way baby.
Not a bad choice. Okay. Thank you sir. Here's Mar wants to over. He paid a visit. Bubba's house.
That's it. That's the end of our calls. I thought this would go over pretty good.
I thought this was different. It was interesting. I think we're going to go back to movies.
So we made a mistake. And what was that coming in on that we're having a good time.
Well, they they they sense it. They don't like that. Just the sound of my voice.
You sound so happy. It sounds like everybody's having fun. And like a great time at Q.A.M.
And we hate that. See, I for the first time since I've been listening since he's been in town.
I noticed that for else finally started to get a glimmer because this morning he was really bitching out this town about.
You know, 10,600 people at that game last night. The medicine of Arlen's on a Monday night.
No rain like I said. No excuses. They just don't care. You can't force people to care.
And it's got not the money. That's the lowest price sports ticket in town for professional team.
That's always a convenient excuse. Well, those Panther games my God across 300 bucks to take my kid.
Okay. Well, let's excuse for this. They don't care. They're not interested.
And you can stand on your head. And I give him credit for trying to do that.
We've all been through that. We've all tried to force feed something because we thought it would be good for the community, for the team for something.
And they just don't care. Like that story I gave the other day about buying up those Panther Dallas tickets years ago.
And then having people take them for free and scout them and sell them for like five bucks or whatever they can get for them.
Maybe some people were lucky enough to get eight bucks. I don't know. Certainly not much more than that.
It's a dead head place. Look at look at this. We're going to respond. I mean, we got a few under now, but I'm sitting here begging for calls again.
We finally got some of our problems solved. We got a lead in on the show. We got back to 10 to 2, which everybody is ecstatic about.
We got being a boy in there found his keys. What more could you want?
We got the hot couple of contest is up on here. You got a few couple of hooters to look at. And you got some pretty interesting people. We got a good selection.
From nice looking to not so nice looking and everything in between. I mean, whatever you like.
But you people man, oh man. Oh, you're peeing on our parade. That was raining out there. That's the excuse it's raining.
Neil Rogers shows been rained out today. Yeah, rained out.
27 years of this begging pleading squeezing like they were a grapefruit, you know.
And we don't even have one of those a squeezy things. What do they call those things? It's juicer. You know what I'm talking about.
What was the little juicer? It's got to think that sticks up and you put your oranges in your citrus on. I think it's called a juicer.
It's called a little juicer. What you're confusing with the juicy man juicer with the eyebrows.
Never see him with Andy Rooney together. Same guy. Same guy. The juicy man. Here's Delray Beach. Hello.
Hey, Neil, a little mistake you're making is asking the audience whether they like something or not.
Because every time you do that, they stab you in the back and they basically don't show up again. You know, if you do it.
You're the mistake I make it on what? When you're asking the audience if they wanted to do the movie thing and then they say they don't want to do it.
I and I and now let me ask you did you enjoy the shows on the movies? Yeah. Yeah. Let's see. I don't get to see as many movies as you do.
I am out here working hard and you know. So it's interesting to me because you're talking about that.
I'm not going to be doing it right because I'm turning you on to some things you might want to pick up.
Yeah, and it's the same with the bedtime stories. I like a little bit of all that stuff.
You need to quit asking and do what's in your gut. That's right. You're right. You need to bootch up a little bit.
Even after all these years, I need to bootch up. Could be in such a pussy. Absolutely. You got to do it. You're right.
You know what's successful. You've always done the right thing.
Yeah, but I've always had the same like a response. It's not me. It's this town. It doesn't make any difference.
It doesn't make any difference. What you do, they're not happy. You can't please these people, man.
And even if you give them something for free, I remember giving away tickets to some concert or something on this.
And don't you have anything better than this? I mean, don't you have better seats than this than these nosebleed seats?
Yeah. When you chase a dog, it runs. Yeah.
You should have been fan of it. You're trying to chase a dog when you do that. You need to do what you do. Keep your bedtime stories a few.
I feel like I'm chasing a goddamn prairie dog is what I feel like. I really do. Have a great day, pal. Thanks for your help. That guy's right.
We were world, are we were getting a phenomenal response. Everything was fine. And then I made that bad mistake, like he says.
He's got a stomach on it. That one pole. Is it warm in here? Because it doesn't. It is. It's warm in here.
Because I heard for Ellis morning just foaming at the mouth. I think the AC is busted or something.
Because it said 71.6 maybe like 81.6. That could be it. When I go look at it. Play that absolutely a few times. I got a. Absolutely.
One more time. Absolutely.
Maybe it's me. Maybe I'm getting something from. Huh? It's hot. I'm spitting in here. Oh my god. Because the thermostat says.
70, which ought to be nice and pleasant. I just turned it down to 69. I just thought I mentioned that. A lot of people upset.
Let's see. Neil, I would love to spend a full day at the Neverland Ranch with Michael Jackson. Where is your nose Jackson? Great show.
You know, whatever this is. Okay. Little joke. Maybe it's a bad pull. Maybe we should just leave the other pole up all day. What do you think?
I think they like it better. It's hate. Okay. I'm easy. I mean, we can still talk about this. I mean, don't people have any thoughts about a guy that's.
Spends to a 25 hundred bucks. Maybe they agree. Maybe they don't think there's a problem with it like we do.
But they just don't have the balls to say because it's embarrassing to say it in public. Well, I seriously, I think if you want to pay somebody to spend. I mean, okay, if it's a hooker.
But you're technically not paying for the time in your house. You know, you're paying for the service.
Which you can be doing out on a guy named Street for all that matters. It's not really important whether it's in a house, whether it's in a pub tent. That's not what you're paying for.
But to have the honor of being in somebody's house, this has got to be one of the most stupid things I've ever read in my life.
And it's typical of this radio station. People who are obsessed with jocks, with superstars, with movie stars and TV personalities and singers.
Most of them, by the way, are crap. Most of them are crap. Even people that we like, William Holden, great actor, one of my favorites, died with a bottle in his hand.
Do you want to say? Most of them got screwed up lives. They're neurotic. They're divorced 50 times. They drug addicted, Robert Downey Jr.
You know what I'm saying? They like scum. How about if we pay to go inside somebody's house who's a nice person? See, that's boring. That's boring.
What would be the point of that? I'm a nice person. Nobody want to go to your house. No. That's for that matter. Neither do you. Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. I'm about 6'10. I got an update. The tower came down with the cables.
Because the story with the condos were the, they were afraid the tower was going to fall on them. Right. Well, the cables came down. They won.
What, what does that mean? Well, they did the towers smaller. And the cables out the guy rise. They were hitting the tower up. No, not.
Is it now? I've never known. Yeah, it's just around the body. I look the cables have gone. So what does that mean that they're off the air? No, they're still on the air. But I guess the tower is not going to fall on the condos no more. So, so where are they brought?
Yes, they were in so they had to build a new tower somewhere. Yeah, they put up a new tower because it looks freshly painted and looks a little bit smaller.
Oh, but in the same place. Yeah, the same place right in the middle of the parking lot there where they added. Sure. Yeah. And the other thing.
One other thing for you. Yeah, what happened to the bill with my record, the transmitter. So nobody can take over the show.
Have a great day, pal. Put while you're behind. How do you like that? Was that something or was that something? What? Can't say the word on the year.
Ben O Schmidt. 5 6 7. I was trying to watch channel six news last night. I couldn't do it. I just couldn't do it.
I, you know, because I've tried to find an alternative to four because Angela raises simple. Then she's an idiot. She's an embarrassment.
So try to find an alternative and I can't I cannot do it. Even with our good friend Joe Rose on there.
In fact, that was one of the reasons that motivated me after Joe's brilliant performance on Saturday. I thought I owe it to him.
Well, he was not there last night anyway. I don't even know when he is on. He's on whenever he feels like it. He's got to do like the mad dog. He shows up whenever he feels like it.
Kind of like all of us have here a Q.A.M. and away things are going today. I and George is going to be on tomorrow. I believe we're going to schedule being able. What does it say up there? It's George Wednesdays.
And then I think Thursday and Friday of this week I just penciled it in 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. I wouldn't miss it for the world man. Wouldn't miss this bonding with his crowd. They're the best.
Here's Miami. Hello. Damn. Yes, sir. Please retire. No, okay. I don't think so. Okay. Please retire.
Same as well. Okay. Who won't turn it off. But he wants me to retire. I'll retire while I'm good and ready. Asshole. Here's Weston. Hello. How you doing? Neil? Okay. You know what the deal is with the autographs?
You want something for free in this town. And I think that after you croak, the autograph might be worth the money. Yeah. Who said anything about an autograph?
You were saying before who would want your autograph? Oh, I see what you're saying. But I mean, this guy to pay 25 bucks. He doesn't even say I've hosted the autographed anything for him, which I doubt.
Yeah. Well, that's an interesting. If if I wanted to pay somebody to spend some time in the house, it might be somebody I wouldn't, but it might be somebody like Neil Neil Armstrong or Edmund Hillary.
Somebody I can talk about something that they did that I, you know, would like to do myself a good.
And you might spend money to have them come into your house and tell you about it. Well, I would spend money to spend some time to speak to them, you know, like a one-on-one thing.
I don't think I spend that kind of money. Yeah, but something like that. But not for a sports hall. How much would you spend for Edmund Hillary to come into your home and talk about his exploits?
Yes, something like that might be interesting. How much? How much?
Well, it depends on how much money that I have. You know, it depends on how much money you do have. Basically, I mean, you must have some idea what you got.
Why won't you give me an answer? I mean, I don't say embarrassing, but why don't you give me an answer?
I'm going to give you an answer. You would spend $1,000 for Hillary Clinton to come into your house.
Edmund Hillary. Edmund from Guiding Light and Hillary.
Clinton. Have a great day. Get out of here. You're an idiot. He knows he just can. He wouldn't spend 50 cents. These people, first of all, we're asking the wrong crowd anyway.
Oh, I forgot. For just a second. I forgot where I was, which is not easy to do. If it's free, it's me. That's it. I forgot what this place is all about.
By the way, why don't you retire guy? If you want to bring a collection down here, bring a good certified check for about a minute and a half, and I'll be more than happy to grant your wishes. Otherwise, just bite me. Okay, asshole.
28 past 11 at 560 WQ and the Neal Deals keep rolling on in from Tom Laman and Joe Prieto at Halop Pontiac GMC. Neal Deal number one gets yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock.
Neal Deal number two gets you up to $4,000 rebate and every 2003 Pontiac and GMC in stock. All you current and former military personnel listen up. You get you an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Halop right now.
And Neal Deal number three, at least the new 2004 Grand Prix GT1 for his low as $200.89 a month. It's a 36 month lease dealer for details. Right now at Halop, here's a special thing going on for you. You can test drive any vehicle on the lot for 24 hours. You can take it home, take it to work, take it to the warehouse wherever you want for up to 24 hours.
And of course, Halop's also has always got a great selection dependable SUVs, trucks and pre-owned cars. If your credit is a marginal, no problem. They'll cut you a deal somehow at Halop Pontiac. They'll folks you'll love doing business with. You'll find them at 13401 South Dixie Highway. That's on US 1 across from the falls open every day, seven days a week. For more info call the Neal Deal Hotline toll free at 1-88-534-4211.
That's 1-88-534-4211. Don't forget all Neal Deals. Subject to credit, a Provellcy dealer for details at Halop Pontiac GMC. They are professional grade.
My, my and local. This is 430560. You way, you way.
Where's my meat?
Rectum.
Hi, this is Hillary Clinton. I hope when you run out to buy my book, you won't be too shocked to discover I have a fat f*** swinging under my skirt.
But you can't blame Bill, he certainly not gay. I just had the credentials every politician needs to feel wife of convenience. And it's pretty much ended with that.
Bill is such a horn dog. He probably would have never noticed I had man legs anyway. And Chelsea, well if you buy my book, you can read all about the affair I had with Sandra Bernhard and our love child.
Now, I wasn't born a Democrat. I switched parties after looking in the mirror and seeing the body of Tip O'Neal. So buy my book now, because I can never have enough.
If you order a copy today, I will personally autograph the all-newed bracket sniff hold out.
Let's go.
1-32-560. Can you believe that skipping just came in here in the middle of the show and was a bop bop bop bop bop. Can you believe that Jeff Cohen coming in and monopolizing your show? He wants his own show so bad.
I said, you ought to take the commission to the bank and just smile on your face. Okay. Do you realize how long Jeff Cohen and the pizza lot have been on the show?
And he's coming in here like half apologizing. He's making money for doing nothing. Do you think that ponytail with a sat down here if I wouldn't have encouraged him to do it?
And it's yours house. Be at beat the hell out of sitting here begging for calls for two hours or however long it was in here. He was very amusing at retaining titillating.
Huh? Yeah.
So we're going to leave the first pull up there because the second one just ain't making it. You know, and as a result, you know, when you have people out there got nothing to say.
It's the same half a dozen, the same 10, the same 15, the same croit. Why don't you return you chambac the same crowd of idiots.
But third man. Yeah, that's how many there are. Like Wayne once said about the sports nerds. There's a hundred, the same hundred callers. I think it was exaggerating.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's a call from Orlando. Hello. Yeah, good morning. Yeah, I think the reason why a lot of people are not calling is because I mean it's too bad that it had to be with somebody like Jose
who they can seco to let people in. You know, I mean, if he was somebody worthy in other words, like an example for kids or something.
But then that's exactly why I asked the question and these people don't have anybody. Maybe they're smart enough. They wouldn't spend it, which was, you know, maybe it's a compliment.
And I think it's pathetic also to that. I was taking seco. He's probably doing that bad financially because he can't make money because he's unhousurized that he has to stoop to that. I mean, that's, you know, but I mean, I, you know, I mean, I think his reputation is already ruined.
I guess this really isn't going to make too much difference. Yeah, this is like Pete Rose going on a shopping network peddling his baseball cards and other me and memorabilia and signed baseballs on this other crap because he's got that gambling problem.
And he needs to constantly keep replenishing that the money supply. Yeah, I think I think the reason also why a lot of people are not calling is because like I said, anybody that's worth
a while wouldn't stoop to this level. So I think it's kind of like, you know, I don't really think that it's because people don't enjoy the poll. It's kind of like a catch 22. You know, you're right. It was a bad poll because they're either going to say they're going to say nobody. Most people the brand are going to say nobody. We wouldn't pay.
Yeah, nice talking to you. Thanks a lot, pal. Yeah, we'll stick with the first poll. Like you said, it's a lot of hostility, a lot of hatred, which they enjoy tremendously because it lets them on least their pen of frustrations from living in his goddamn swamp.
Is it still raining out there? Is it nasty? Is another one of these? Because I'm not going to be too happy about that. I'm going to tell you right now. Yeah, I'm just here for a few days. I dry the limo picks me up. By the way, limo picks me up at the airport on Sunday.
Mo. He's very big on a plastic kind of stuff. And it's pouring down rain. My first experience back in town after two months. It's pouring down rain. Like the end of the world is raining cats and dogs and frogs. Surprise. And we get through one day yesterday. Not too bad.
That was it didn't rain coming to work this morning. There was like a couple like on a windshield not too much. And now it's raining cats and dogs again and frogs and toads.
I think I'm going to go back to a movie show every day. I think I rest in the movies when you're on this summer. When I'm on vacation or when I'm walking the hospital covering another stroke. What?
I thought I was going to do. I mean that was enjoyable. Right. It was great. That's why they didn't like it. So you think the Yankees can win the pen it. What do you think? Huh?
You think Danny Boy is going to come back. Come out of retirement because Brian and Jay can't do the job. And then Carlos is telling me this morning. He's got his dolphin cap on singing me a song and dancing about this is going to be the year and Ricky Williams this and Ricky Williams that. God, I thought I was listening to the moment. Guilty show again.
Ricky, Ricky, Ricky, Ricky, I'm not interested. Okay. Payton is going to kick their ass. Believe you me. Okay. Tom Brady's got more talent in his left nut than J. Feeder. Whatever happened is entire body. Is there any question about that?
Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. That's right. No, I didn't. I didn't ask you to cough. Not Brian. He heard about left nut. He started to cough. I don't want to hold your left nut. I'm just talking about how much talent Tom Brady's guys. Great. Plus he looks good.
How about the right nut? Jay Feeder and I beg your pardon. How about the right nut? Didn't he just say I want the right nut? That's what he said. I'm sure that's what he said. I want the right nut. He wants Tom Brady's right nut. Be inner boy. He'll pay 625 dollars.
Where's the punk like him going to get 625 bucks? Huh? He'll pay by check. Yeah. I forgot. Oh, that thing's no good. What Q amp personality do you think does this? Wow. How can't he even read this right?
Which Q amp personality do you think does? Spies is Howard David the most. See, I'm still like half reading the other one. Why do you threw us off? Folks? You threw us off?
I thought we had I was only going to do this for like a little while because we don't want to pile on. Do we? We do.
Neil, 124. I'm winning this hands down. Hands down. Most pants.
Gelly 72. George 58. Pretty good. Sean. Who's Mohawar David at 43? Hank 23. He's tied with Joe Rose.
Mad Dog 18. The beast 14. Zach 6. Zach Cranc in his pants. Eddie K5. Be inner boy only 3. For all 3. And Joe Costello's double is a pleasure and double is fun. He's up to 2.
Out of 394 votes. 5. 10,600 people for the mountains and the mountains. Now of course if it rains more to the day.
You don't understand that that's going to pee on their parade tonight and they might just get that game reenact. Wouldn't that be bad? No. I don't care.
And those 8,000 people were going to show up. Those selfish, selfish people who insist on continuing to perpetuate this insanity, this madness.
Just like they got it called for all this more. When the last call did you hear that guy? Oh well if they could get one more belief pitcher and if they could have that.
They're really going to go somewhere. Yeah, they're going to go somewhere. Like Washington DC. That's where they're going. Or Portland or Oregon or Seattle.
I'm one of the already got to you somewhere. See, I don't know a lot about this, but let me ask you if it gets reigned out. Well, they have to make that game up.
If you have a restaurant, okay, and you think you've got pretty good food at reasonable prices and you advertise and you promote and you get word of mouth and you do everything but stand on your head.
Maybe even do that to try to get business. And night after night you open up the doors, your chef cooks up a storm and nobody shows up.
Do you think that there's a message there? Yeah, I have to reevaluate my entire goal. Yeah. Like maybe this isn't going to fly.
Not in this town. Not at what they do in this town is they keep trying to force feed it to you. And for you, you will care about this.
You will show no we won't air you will be have this right.
I mean sooner or later no matter how stupid you are, you got to say to yourself, my God, it's getting a hot on a hell in here. Don't you?
Well, what is it? The AC must be out must be or something. This must be a bonus of being back in this building. Now the AC is that I feel like I'm covered with slime just being in this building.
Oh, you know what I'm talking about that kind of like chilly, a slimy feeling from like when the AC is in. Yeah, because you don't evaporate. This is the mug.
Oh my God. Yeah, I'm serious. The AC must have gone out. Maybe it went out earlier this morning when Ferral was like bitching up a storm. And rightfully so.
Good God. I may have to leave now. You know, there's been a lot of fun.
But let's not push a good thing.
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello, or a Hollywood.
Yeah, deal. Yes, sir. Yeah, man. I just first time long time list their for Q a M and you. I just want to make a comment about your programs on the movies.
I'm a sports nerd and I listen to Q a M 24 7. I do not watch movies, but I enjoy those shows that you put out because it's interesting.
It's informative and there's occasionally you know a movie that tweaks makes you totally.
Yeah, you know, I love them. So I guess I'm not a movie fan, but I love those shows.
Okay. I'm glad that Ferral's only on the line up because the program to the whole system now has got so much more.
Hey, man. Welcome back to town. It's great to have you here and you have a good day and enjoy the weather.
And back to you go out there and take it back. Thank you. Thanks. The doctor's came in. He said that you only just submitted his resignation. Now he didn't say that.
What do you look at a Tom Brady's picture for up there? And I just because I mentioned Tom Brady's left not.
Duff came in. He was examining the picture. You will not see his left not in that picture. Unfortunately, although I do have some others provided by the man dog.
What is it you're looking for on there? Oh, I see you're looking at the thermostat. I was sure you were looking at Tom Brady's crock, which is right above the thermostat.
I was pie. Am I wrong? Is his crock right above the number there? And the number it says is 69, too. I don't know what that means. Just a coincidence. Nice seeing you, Duff.
No, it's just like, can't you feel how warm is it? Warm and your thing? It's not what it is. It isn't here. He said it's not warm and his thing.
Correct him. Well, to spend all of the money he did for those exams just to find that out. Probably could have found the same thing out with one of them rectil thermometers.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5. There were a lot cheaper than all of Dr's tests. I'm telling you. Just a little advice. But it's good to do that stuff when you get to be old parts like us, man. It's good to go to the doctor and have like probas and, you know, and just the rapus.
18 till noon at 5, 60, WQM. See, now can't you feel it in here? I'm not even going to ask him. He's like oblivious.
Yeah, go in there and feel it. Yeah, go in there and feel it and see how it feels in there as opposed to how it feels in here. I swear to you, he was looking at Tom Brady's crotch. I don't care what anybody says.
He pretended he was looking at thermostat and he was looking right there at that at the at the task that he's checking out that basket.
It's got to be 100 degrees in the shade in here. It's going up a little now. Yeah, I can feel that blood. It's blowing again. Yeah.
Since month came back in here, it's started blowing again. 18 till noon at 5, 60, WQM.
And by now you're here to talk. I'm sure I'm positive. I hope about laminets, R Us and how laminated wood flooring from laminets, R Us is this smart, the easy, the low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring, which costs in arm and two legs.
Laminets, R Us is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from Peridor, Pergo, Wilson Art, Uniflor and Quickstep.
They've got all the top names installed by Pergo certified installers. Here's another reason why you should call laminets, R Us. Their prices will floor you. Right now you can get there some are special for just $1995.
That is correct. Just $1995 from up to 380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring. It is absolutely unbelievable.
And laminets, R Us will match any legitimate written offer too. For a free and home estimate, no obligation call laminets, R Us tool free at 1-877-773336.
What could be easier to give your free carpet disposal, free furniture, moving a 25 year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring.
Call laminets, R Us today, tool free at 1-877-773336.
My and look all this is 4256.
You ain't way, you ain't way.
Under wonder, but do do why, we drop the bomb of law.
For a little alley, this lake are now a stump. Let's thank the boy for making gas, cheaper at the pump.
Oh, I wonder wonder, but do do why, we drop the bomb of law.
First you brainwash the public to love bush like a guy. Then you hide that the U.S. for all your worker buddies to get anything you want.
You conquer them and tell them, give democracy a chance. Then you feel it, you're a plunder for oil water and natural gas.
Oh, I wonder wonder, but do do why, we drop the bomb of law.
What a few dead babies, they did in Sutherland. We sure showed them a thing or two, my country right or wrong.
Oh, I wonder wonder, but do do why, we drop the bomb of law.
I wonder why, we drop the bomb of law.
1147, 13 to noon at 560 W.C.M. to Mad Dog 2 to 4, the Humper in the studio 4 to 7 this afternoon.
And then we got that Marlon crap weather for meeting tonight, weather for meeting.
I sure hope the weather cooperates tomorrow without big for ralthing in the ballpark tomorrow night, which he's begging me to go out there.
You're a great guy scot, but the answer is still no chance. I told him this morning, I said if you paid me by the pitch, I would not go out there.
Would you? I mean, you're talking to Carlos Carlos is trying to get you laid out there, which of course would be bad if your wife's listening right now, but offering all these beautiful young things that he's going to have in the pool, you know, fishing for a grouper.
And you still won't go.
No, especially now that your wife heard about it.
Anyway, Frank and Liz had 96 votes in our hot couples contest.
We're getting a lot of votes on that thing. Brian and Natasha 48. They're no small potatoes.
Holly and Darren, they got 38.
Did you think that this was going to be a runaway? No, I did not. At least so far it is, which shocks me. Mary and Shane 33, Mike and Kristen 26.
Ian and Jen 24, Vicki and Mick 23.
Greg and Stephanie 21. Captain singing his wife 16. Get the, and I don't understand Danny and Michelle 14. They should be doing a little bit better than that.
I'm not, I'm not trying to push for anybody because this is a very even group. And then there were some that well, but, you know, Dan and Sherry have got 11 votes.
Uh, Jody and Kevin and got six. And it goes to show you see some people would assume that just because you're showing beer hooter that those are going to get like in the first one.
Then they could couple came in a close second. There was a little more to it than that.
I said hooter, not cooter.
Three votes for Rick rich and Sherryl and she's got a couple of big hooters hanging down there. What?
I just found out what that actually means. I don't want to know. Turtle. Is that what it means? Yeah.
Here's some good news for you. Okay, because I'm, I want to give myself back in a really good mood because this audience throws you off a little bit.
You know, everything's been going to God damn well. See, it is kind of like, well, you know, are you going to be happy in spite of us?
Yeah, we don't care if you're miserable. We want to be happy over here. We'd like just just for a few months.
After all of misery and the grief we've gone through here last the 14, 15 months of hell of living hell. Thanks a lot Greg.
A judge, this is great news. George was excited about this. He wants to always get a check.
A judge in Portland, Maine has approved a settlement agreement in a music anti-trust lawsuit that will result in more than three and a half million consumers receiving nearly $13.00.
All right.
Judge, the Brock Hornby issued a 51 page ruling the other day in a case that began in 1996.
What attorneys general across the country began investigating whether distributors and retailers are conspired to inflate CD prices.
This settlement will put cash in the hands of millions of consumers and music CDs and libraries in school throughout the country.
And will ensure that the challenge distributors slash retail prices will not resume Hornby Road.
The ruling however does not stipulate exactly how much consumers will receive or when a checks will be distributed more than three and a half million consumers filed claims now estimated to be $12.63.
Don't spend it all on place like Sophia would say.
$12.63.
I mean we talked about this for a long time. How long ago was that? About 50 years? Yeah.
I mean, give you're going to get good things if you're going to get some for free. Sometimes you got to wait for it.
The ruling however, let's see Hornby asked lawyers to present them whether we pour by the end of the month.
How much will cost to distribute the checks? How much each check will be?
Well by the time they take out the postage and the handling and the bookkeeping, right?
Attorney fees. Attorney fees?
Uh, then the guy that's got a certify like the price. How many cents do you think you're reading going to get back?
About 30, man. Yeah. About 30 cents out of $12.63. Hey, they'll take anything.
It's kind of like when a stock broker has lost your fortune, you know, and then you can turn around and sue the bet.
No, listen to me. The best way you look at that is if you get 10 cents, it's 10 cents you never expected to see again.
You get to die. And that's why I look upon that. I don't want to get into specifics on a year.
No, and that's certainly you can't just take that kind of stuff lying down when people like, uh,
pull all kinds of crap on you play the old con game and those of you people out there again all excited about the market is going up again.
All I can say to you is good luck to you because I don't believe it. What goes out must come down. Yeah, well not only that,
but there's there's something going on and we this isn't the first time we've seen this because generally speaking,
except for all of us little fish in the pond, there are a handful relative handful of people who really could manipulate these markets for their own fun of
amusement and profit. And just as the time when people are saying, hey, what about those weapons of mass destruction?
What about all those dead people? What about all this crap that's still going on every day? What about the fact that a war was
fought based on nothing but lies? A bigger part?
Where are you?
What is this man talking about? Is your mic open and you don't know it? Oh, none of my lights work.
I thought he said, I'm in the middle of like pontificating here. I'm going through this and he's like, uh, where are you calling from?
What? Answering the phone. Jesus Christ. Oh no, wonder we're having a problem. Did you answer your phone?
Yeah, didn't I tell him yesterday? Go answer the phone this week? I'm bitching the audience. I take that thing off you.
This week I said while I'm here while being your boy is over there pretending to be dealing with his computer.
Look at a porno. I thought that was just a delusion that I had. No. Christ. I don't want to make you have to talk to a bunch of idiots for four hours.
Isn't it bad enough you have to sit in there with him and try to find his body parts when he keeps losing him?
Left his left nut in the sink. That's why I got so excited when he heard that Tom Brady's was available.
Oh, seriously, I mean it's just it's so pathetic. It's so sad. I've never in my life. I've been around a hundred years. I've never encountered anybody like being a boy who just every facet of his life is screwed up.
Everything he does. He's like bad luck. If he takes a shower, the nozzle falls on his head.
If he tries to wash his hands, the cold water comes out burning hot skulls him. I even know what I'm talking about.
You know, the slump. Everything he does turns to instant processed crap.
We don't know why he was just born with that dark cloud over his head.
Geniuses have eccentricities. Yeah, but what's your excuse? He's the genius.
Here's Carl Springs. Hello. I don't know how much I would pay, but I heard this guy's house gets a lot of sunlight.
I'd like to hang out with being a boy under the overbath. Okay. Forget about it. I'm done. He'll bring the suntan lotion.
He'll let you hang out with him for a coke.
Let's see if I would have been right on top of it, but I really don't care. I just don't care anymore.
I said not for a coke. Yeah, for some plus this thing I work in anymore right now.
This thing is like having all kinds of a fit. It puts the lotion in the basket.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the air. We're really going to scream this here.
Okay. So if it's ringing, just let it keep ringing. We don't want George to have to go through that again.
That screwed up the whole first two hours today.
Crawl Gables. Hello.
Retire. No, okay. Retire. Let's have about 100 of those in a row. Retire.
No. No. Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Yeah, sir. Never retire. I'll do it. Yeah, what I'm going to do. I'm going to do whatever I feel like doing. How do you like that?
Well, anyway, I don't take advice from the audience.
All right. Anyway, Pylon, Hope, Mo Howard. We hate him like poison. We hate him.
Okay. You're not the only one in the buildings that hate him. We hate him out here.
You know, you're like any special reason? You're laughing.
You know, I'm laughing because of the way you said it with such Ventum.
Well, there is, Venum. You know, he played.
Let's say it right. Say Ventum. Well, he played that in Literica.
He blamed you for fomenting the hate against him when you just tapped into it because it exists.
Already there. Yeah. You know, did it ever dawn on him that maybe he created in the first place?
Oh, absolutely. He created it. You know, in addition to being an old, unlikeable, unfunny outside or who cradles the chronics like Warren from Little Havana,
Stuttering Steve Larry from Hollywood, Richie from Bores had marked the distance.
It's thickening radio. It's not bad radio. It's vomit radio.
And he shilled for the dolphins, his employer, sucks on Wayne, high penga. You know, it's just sick of it.
He sucks on Wayne's what? Well, you know what? It's just sickening.
And, you know, what's beyond me is what management hasn't realized it.
Oh, they have.
Well, then why haven't they done something about it? You know what I mean? They already have. They've started.
Have you noticed a little change in schedule here lately? Well, yeah. I want to give you a kiss on the way out the door.
Well, you know, it took them about two months for them to realize Ron Hershey was a mistake.
Yeah. So why haven't they figured this out after so many months? They have. Well, good.
They're working on it.
I want Neil Pyle on. We hate you, though.
Oh, you're up. I was going to get hang up. I'm off as it off already.
It puts the lotion in the basket. God. Now it's not the cooler off in here very fast. If it is at all.
It stopped cooling off. And now it's back to hot again. I was feeling it for a minute.
I'm feeling it. That's what I'm feeling like. Nautious.
See, I never have this problem in Toronto. I got control of the air. I turn on the air. I turn on the heat. Whatever I like.
And it's just just fine. I don't know. I spring there crack crack open window. Have no crack problem.
Everything is just fine. But this place here, man, it's like a death wish. Oh, gee. How come he's doing a show from auto time?
If I had to do the show from the TV in New York, it would be a major improvement over being here.
It's just that's just my personal feeling. Don't take it personally, unless you want to, folks.
It's just my feeling about being in this swamp, which is why if you look around, you'll notice that all kinds of people are gone.
I can't imagine why they're gone. They flew from this place. They they ran out of here like there was guy damn boofo towards in their ass.
Like there were civic cats on their dinner table. Like there were prairie dogs chasing them. That's how fast they got out of this place.
The moment their kids got out of school, they said, bye. See ya.
So I did pick and I respect I picked the right way kids are out of school. There is no traffic. No traffic. So I started raining.
Well, I might have to cancel lunch at mom is you know, I don't want to get wet out there. Three minutes till noon at 560 WQM.
I'll tell you about something really good. That's dollar mattress. But a lot of shopping experiences are unpleasant or complicated.
You have to schlep all over town. Maybe get soaked in a rain. Dollar mattress. You don't even have to leave the house.
So I'll do is pick up that phone and make one easy call to our good close personal buddies of dollar mattress. I love doing business with Emma's a matter of fact as we speak.
I'm in a process of buying another mattress from dollar mattress. How do you like that? As we speak right now this moment, one quick call to 1-800 mattress.
You won't believe how easy it is to pick out the perfect bed for you and your back. So do yourself a favor because very few things in your life influence the way you feel more than getting a good night's sleep night after night.
Maybe you're sleeping on a crappy old lumpy mattress that's worn out and headed. Not going to make a comeback believe me. Once that time comes, get you a great new mattress with one simple call.
Dollar mattress sells only the best. The top quality in a business. They got the top names like Celi and Sirta Simmons and Temporatidec, No Sales gimmicks, No Fals Promises, No BS, No Song in a Dance.
They got the top ends in a business too. Like Celi's crown jewel line and the top models from every brand all at unbeatable low everyday prices.
Call them toll free and so easy it is to get you in your back a great mattress. 1-800-MATTRES. 1-800-MATRES. When you call, be sure to ask about the comfort exchange policy. If you're not completely satisfied, if you're not getting laid like twice an hour, they'll exchange it no questions asked.
Plus you get free setup, free remover to get to choose the date and time for delivery that fits your schedule. Nobody else does that.
Pick up that thing right now. If you make the call now, you can be sleeping like a baby as soon as the night and your great new mattress from dollar mattress. 1-800-MATRES.
That's 1-800-MATTRES or check them out on the web at mattress.com.
I am local. This is 560. The radio is all yours now.
QA.
I owe my favorite Republican. This is Matt Drudge. And it's time for the Scuse-Maker Ploney. It's time once again for the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Go to bed. Go to bed. All right.
Hey, we're searching. Oh yeah, we're searching.
A lot for those weapons of destruction every day. Hey, hey, hey. We're gonna keep searching.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Hey, hi, hello, from House 2 House and Under at the rug, New valedict, the spin of all those wife, House 3, if you still need convincing to me, I could see an ad, but other doors are lying from, ooh, man, nothing, but we keep on searching,
oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no now, oh, no, no, alright, none, hunal today,
but it thought that I was going to lie down, but it just brought things in to me,
is that my father almost had, heeeee persident?
I cousin of two, personality of three, he die.
END
GO feelings of stare at me look after them.
done it doesn't times. It don't fool an old far like me. You see this new, uh, yeah,
twice now. Pulling anybody. You're an asshole. You're okay. This is like the same. The same
as these people. I was just thinking about it for three seconds during the break. Retire.
Retire. I want you to stop and think about an asshole. You are okay. Look in the mirror
and say to yourself, I am an asshole. I'm a freaking asshole. They're listening to
the program. They're even taking time to call a program. Right. They're like dogs barking
at the moon in hopes that they'll go away. You see what I'm saying? It eventually is. I
mean, it's just, it's just amazing. It's mind blowing. It's even more mind blowing
than some shmuck spending $2,500 to spend four hours. So he and his girlfriend can, can
smooth and Jose can suck those out so they can like find a life. Maybe you can write
his autobiography now. He's only 22 years old at punk. I found a life at Jose's house.
That's his life. He's living vicariously through somebody else. Pretty reasonable at 6.25.
And hour and up bad. Remember the time at IOD somebody sent us a stub of Jose can sick
was paycheck? Yeah. It was like $871,000 for two weeks or something like that. Boy,
how the mighty have fallen. That's a good news. Let me tell you one good thing. If you
think that Jose can suck it was a scumbag which I happen to believe, you ought to be very
pleased that he has to give people tours of his house, bring his strangers into like
wander around and pretend to shmuse with him for hours at a time. That's how desperate
he is for cash. So it goes to show you not everything is bad about that story. Thanks,
Greg Cotex. $567.0560, $560 on a AT&T and Verizon Line 4 Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil,
you didn't recognize the voice before but that was blind Mike telling you you should retire.
No. Yeah. I don't think so. I got to say some other asshole.
There's a lot of them out there. You know that. I got a question for you. I got a big debate
in the office about the word schmuck and loser. They're both the same. No, they are not.
Schmuck is what? Schmuck is a penis. Okay. Understand. All right. And what about a pucks? Is that
yetis? Puts are balls. But is that yetish? Yes. So is schmuck. Oh, okay. All right. Welcome
to yetish 101. Sir, no extra charge. All right. I'll check in the mail. Okay. Castle
voice. And took us. Okay. Don't start with that. You talk. Okay. Okay. So you're just
trying to suck up the juice now. The epistem all off. Father, you had a lot of good points.
Now one call we're doing screenless. Now does this show you? I don't want to get you nervous
because you know, you're going to be doing most of the summer. Whatever. Let me just
say. By now. 5 6 7 0 5 60. See, it doesn't bother me anymore. I really don't care. What's
the day today? It is the 17. That means eight days from now. We from there won't be
thanks to Barb. Do you mind? Oh, thanks to Barb and you might. We got lots of good
stuff. And then we'll do it like do movies again. Right. Because boy, once this town gets
weeded out in the summertime as marginal as it is the rest of the year, it is just desperate.
WQA and hello. Yes, sir. I was going to talk radio about 10 hours a day. Here's one of
the shows I'd listened to from start to finish. Having said that, yes. I mean, I can't
foresee a scenario where I'd pay to hang out with you. I mean, I'd love to meet you in person
and just, you know, no, you know, say and passing. Hey, I love your show. Appreciate the
whole thing. You can do that on the phone like you're doing right now. You call it and very
friendly and say, Hey, your show is great. I really appreciate the free entertainment. That's
all. Yeah, that's nice. How could you have anything but pity and disdain for somebody that
would pay money to hang out with you? It's a tune of 600 bucks an hour. Right. That's
right. And this guy's got a girlfriend, no less. So it's not like he's lonely. He's just
desperate to cling onto somebody else. Somebody famous. Hey, quick question. Have you ever talked
about the Mark Folley thing? Have I ever talked about it? No, because Norma Kent keeps
insisting that I talk about it. The fact that he's in a closet Republican.
Closet more recently. Yeah, no, not allegedly. He's in the closet. Yeah, basically. Yeah,
no, not basically. Don't use any, uh, yeah, he's in the closet. He's a closet bag. Mark Folley.
I mean, how could you be a Republican and be gay and know that as ass math, Rudge?
No, there's so many people in your party. Ass, Miss, ass, Miss Fudge. She'll tell you.
Ask Erie Fleischer. She'll tell you. You know, put that agenda for. I'll rent out.
Ask Alice Rantell. She'll be having a tell you. She'll draw you a diaphragm. Brian Craig.
Ask a little Brian Craig. She'll see. Now, why did you say that? What? Sorry, what happened?
You're like going too far. I don't need any help. Okay. I don't need any assistance on those
matters. Believe me, when it comes to the factory, I'm an expert. I don't need any help for you
in slandering people on the year. Oh, wasn't bad enough that you slept your friend Al Goldstein
in your back in the days when he was bringing those free meals. Don't leave him at Bullcrap.
Bullcrap. You don't want to get that encouraging him because you went to those free meals up there
and you live up to the top and it'll be too in fat rich sucking up that free food.
That's the one of them. Use the apartment. Use the apartment. Yeah. I had about once.
Leave that other one alone. Okay. The one you just mentioned because, you know, even though you
didn't have a good point. But see, since we're doing screenless, nobody here at any way.
That's another good reason. I was nobody on hold. Oh, dammit. I'm going to get right.
And now you're supposed to play. Oh, there you go. I want that in here like tomorrow because I'm
going to play 100 times. If we had the ability to dub during the show, we don't use to, but we don't.
WQA Am Hello. Yes, sir. I think it's monstrous that that pose they could say.
Because putting people in a house like that, what do you think? I think you ought to get off the
pod. Okay. Next time you call the guys come from the turlid. Could you, couldn't you hear it? I
think it was one of our chronics. No, it was not. It was not a year. Being our boy, let me ask you
this question. Seriously, is it like the drugs have gotten real badly? He's, he's become so sour
these last couple of minutes. Oh, it's just that the supply dried up. Well, once the rain stops,
they'll be around. They'll be on the street corner out here. I was derrient. 441. 56670560,
pound 560. You think you got problems? I got to go to lunch at my mother's house.
One more good reason not to be doing the show from in town. Okay. One more excellent reason.
56670560, the poll which QA impersonality do you think despises Moe Howard David? We should have
had a category none of them despise Moe. Don't you think? No. Neil 153,
Geldy 79, George 67, you're right on Geldy's ass and he's getting pretty nervous about it.
Now, what was that thing with Geldy and oh, he's getting into the ballpark? Is that it?
The beater boy? He's getting him to use the pool at the ball, something like that. Well, what pool?
Actually, my good best friend, Geldy was going to me to use the pool. The guy that you said was a
major asshole last week. The sales guy. I don't know what they said. He's a real schmuck and was
bitching you out and giving you orders and everything like that. And now you're sucking up them
just because he's going to get you laid. That was George. Good thinking. George 67, who's Moe Howard
David at 56, Hank 26, Mad Dog 25, Joe Rose on a 25. Come on, folks. The beast 21 and then it's
way down to poor Zellan who's sack is. Unless they listen to more than they don't know who
fat sack is. They know the beast though because he's out of control. Zaxx, Eddie K5,
Beenerboy 4, Paral 4 and Joe Castellas only two votes out of 473. See, he realized that he was a very
although I'm not so sure they're right. Because as much as we like Joe Castello, he's a little
on a temperamental side and another not temperamental stubborn. That's what we're looking for. It's
the Italian thing. He can be a little bit Italian-ish at times.
Go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
there's two cities, what's the second city about? I haven't looked at it yet, but on the DVD I can say.
It's the movie in chronological order. It's the frogs falling with numbers under back, like at a racetrack.
Oh, that's freaking me out. No, the other one is got like the interview, the other one's not really all that exciting for Magnolia, I was hoping it was like explaining what the first of you was all about. No, no chance.
You got to think about it until I put you into a padded cell.
I got a couple of things. One is the snack. I don't know if you've seen Snatch here for that.
I haven't seen Snatch yet. You guys are trying to talk me into it, but I haven't seen Snatch yet.
That's a great movie. I like it. I don't like um... Snatch is great.
Kung Pao. That's one you'll never watch, but that's a funny one.
Kung Pao? Yeah, Kung Pao. I thought that was an addition to the Emerald Coast.
It would seem so on the movie. They're both shaking their head vigorously. Do not do that. We're saying don't do it.
And also, playboy mansion. Wouldn't you like pay at least 40 bucks to go there and check out that place?
Why would I do that? Why don't you old bag like me want to go to playboy mansion?
Maybe not, but I know George and I would play.
George would like to go there if you'll pay. Yeah. He's on his way right now.
Or D or head 100's house. You know, we're like just George and I were talking about that.
Yeah, I'd pay about 20 cents to go to Tom Brady's house.
I don't know what I expect.
For the parking meter?
We owe it just to pay for parking. Have a right day pal. Quit while you're ahead.
Hi, Ellie!
I could see him in that movie somewhere, you know.
I was just saying he's been right in, but I don't think in that little apartment of service.
Oh, he buttered his ribs? Yeah. Oh, he likes it when he buttered the ribs.
Butter the bacon, butter the ribs. Just butter the pork.
And what he says.
Duff was saying something about that before, but anyway, here's the fact that it's talking about butter and bunnies.
That says I'm not a mofay, but it's been a year of relentless ridicule.
Oh, this must be, this is bad of me, huh?
I'm starting to feel sorry for this guy. Good. That's what we're trying to do.
Is he that much of a prick? Yes.
Has anyone extended the hand of friendship with this man we tried?
By the way, isn't Juan the tile man from Hylia?
Juan is the tile man from Hylia.
I, I, I chronic Juan. He's very, I don't know who that is.
It's just a chronic pain in the end.
Don't be a background user. You might want to check out your home.
Oh, we got some proof.
You're going to be my home page. You mean the, the main page, right?
The front page. The public page.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Excellent work again, being a boy. Can't find his keys, but he found the right spot.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
This could be this could be the greatest day of everyone's life.
Mo, it's called Mo's revenge.
Is there I am?
Now, we still got the picture of me and Mo asked to ask.
And that's still there, okay?
So there you see that picture's been lifted.
They're am down on all fours.
Would that heavy puppet can get out with the, with, with the, uh,
lampshade around my head?
And there is Mo getting me from behind.
Oh my god. I, I bet you he'd love that.
I bet you he would like a wet-as-old checkered pants if you could see that.
Because you know, Mo is philosophy.
Gang rape is funny.
Right. And looks like he's first in line.
Old swinging Mo is sockin' it to me.
I always said he was a real pain in the ass.
That's a beautiful thing. I mean, I can't even stop watching that.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
And look at Mo go, man. He, look at him.
He just, uh, got that big smirk on his foot.
And you know something, I'm thinking I, if you ever looked at the picture on a wall,
I tweeted this before about K18.
It looked like the eyes were following you.
Which picture?
And, and this, this picture looks like he's smirking a little bit,
you see what I'm saying?
Did you do something to that mouth with a false teeth?
Huh?
He's got a real pretty mouth.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Because he's smirking.
Payback is a bitch, Rogers.
I guess he was right.
Let's see, why do you have a link to the misfudge page of links?
You know that you would never do anything to point your website?
And we'll go out of her way to smear you.
She's a pathetic, self-hating, fascist, vagabalongs on the trash heap.
The only reason I put a link to the Grudgery report on it is because we try to put as many links on here,
the things that people want to see.
And for whatever reason, once in a while, here, once in a blue moon,
he's got some gossip stuff or a TV ratings or something that people want to see.
That doesn't mean that we're endorsing them or we think that the nice people that were embrace them
or anything else.
It says, I don't buy the crap about how nice she is in person either.
I never said that.
That was my friend Lynn, who's not, not perfect.
He is.
What?
Nice in person.
For what?
That's worth.
Okay.
Now we're with anything to me.
I can't stand her.
I mean, not Lynn.
I love Lynn.
Anyone who writes the kind of vicious trash she specializes in is not a nice person.
Professionally or personally, her mouth is only good for one thing.
At least that's what they say on South Beach.
It says here.
Okay.
Well, thanks for the information on the facts.
Oh.
Miss Fudge, boy.
Talk about a pen in the ass.
That one.
Right in there, lump it with Alice Rantell and whole crowd.
I don't understand that thing.
Whatever you do, go to nearodgers.com immediately and right above Voso and Squirley Mall.
You will see a picture that will make you absolutely do wild things in your pantaloonies.
It's guaranteed.
Can't miss.
Am I right?
I mean, I already thought this.
You're saying am I right and you're supposed to say.
Oh, absolutely.
There you go.
28 past noon at 560 WDQM.
If you're in a really crappy job making peanuts.
If you're in a dead end job and your life seems to be going nowhere.
Maybe college is too expensive and takes too long to get the training to get a real job.
If you're going to afford just 10 bucks a month, even being a lawyer can afford that.
Maybe.
And commit yourself to three nights a week for four months.
Fast-tracking up you achieve a new high-paying computer career.
That is correct.
Just 10 bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify.
Call fast-trained tool free at 1-866 fast-trained.
They have four locations all over South Florida.
So there's bound to be a location nearby you.
Call them at 1-866 fast-trained.
Talk to a trained career counselor and they'll explain to you how they can get you out of your dead end.
Fast-trained offers day, evening, weekend, schedules, job, placement hands on training.
So call them two day.
Call fast-trained.
1-866 fast-trained and change your life.
Fast-trained is deferred payment is valid for a year regular payments apply thereafter.
Whether you're a high school student on summer break somebody that underpaid dead end crappy job.
Or you just want to increase your net worth.
This is the smart thing to do.
Call fast-trained.
There's no obligation.
Call 1-866 fast-trained.
Or check them out of the web.
You know how that works.
It's just fast-trained.com.
Stay high and low.
This is sports radio.
Fight City.
You way up.
Type smoker thinks that this sort of humor is funny.
Yes!
Yes!
The Middle Eastern world will be its loaded to dominant people killed.
But the gas that we sold him first time aggressor nation and the only one that's going.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea.
The nooks there tochen and the right wing is drilling it over and over and over.
Are you saying we have more technical problems here at this crap?
This happened before I went away last time.
Don't you remember?
Right.
And it wasn't the disk and it wasn't the machine.
It's like in a board or something.
And don't you recall it?
No it was the disk.
No it was not.
You think it was it?
It turned out to be.
To our heads.
For use for use for use for those archive ones with all over the world.
Well why we still got it in here.
Why does he have ball-dead to another one?
I don't want to play that and have that to make it all that noise all the way down.
I think it's a right wing conspiracy is what I think.
I think the bush-myster is probably like peed on our disk.
Well you know the way that song goes anyway.
It's really good.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
What?
I'm not going to play the whole damn thing.
Let's all sing it together.
Sounding like that?
I rather play this.
Come on Sarah pop a couple of things.
See that one cut?
Where the hell is it?
Here it is.
Well if you if you watch the picture of Moir raping me and pray this week in the back.
Then that's just a then you really got something to keep you busy all day long believe me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 we got AirV line while there's one line flash neuro screenless.
It's just it's just you know we just do the best we can.
That's all we can do.
We can't make miracles here okay?
Because it's not a sports show you know.
And we don't give a flying crap about golf.
We certainly don't care about the marlins.
Why should we be the ones?
We do wish for a lot of luck tomorrow though on his endeavor right there.
He's trying to do something good.
I know you'll you'll let him down but he's trying to do something good.
Well you got 175 free-loaders to take tickets.
They're probably busy hawking him right now.
WDQAM.
Hi Neil how are you doing today?
Very good.
Congratulations on your upcoming vacation.
Hope you have a good one.
Thank you so do I.
You know in the Requiem for a dream there's another part of the soundtrack which I think is very creative.
What's that?
In the way that it works with the fast blazing that goes on in some sections of that movie.
When she's popping the pills and you see the heroin being melted down and it's back to her drinking down water.
And then back to what's his name sticking the needle in his arm.
Yeah it's you know and it cut the video cuts in time with this little splice of music like a rhythmic beat.
It's very cool.
But one of the on buzzflats I know that you're a buzzflat water.
Yes I am.
And there's a great crewgment article on the top of that today.
You might you know that's the one from today because if it is we get it on our website.
Oh I didn't I don't miss too much man.
It's the one dereliction of duty.
Well I guess I'm going to have to check your website first then.
As a matter of fact I noticed I sat down on the on the can this morning and I got the local two fish wrappers.
And they got the marine doubt column and the Krugman or Kristoff comma figured which one from like two days ago.
We hit on our website either Sunday or yesterday.
So our website we really try to do a good job of getting the stuff on there timely.
Well our fish wrappers here are usually just for fun anyway.
Just for fun anyway.
But you know have you been over to this website called takebackthemedia.com?
Somebody wrote us about that I don't know if I let me write it down again.
Yeah go to that.
It's a very interesting you know website on the various aspects of the consolidation of the media.
But they've also got some excellent flash videos you know those flash video things.
Very good stuff there.
And another site that you might be interested in for news and great articles of democratic underground dot com.
Okay.
You know if you're into buzz West and I'm sure you'll be into those two sites.
Okay my friend thanks.
Be well.
12 released from jail in appeal of Texas drug bust I'm sure you saw that story yesterday like we had told you yesterday morning.
After as much as four years behind bars 12 people sent to prison and drug bust had brought cries of racism in
20 of Texas a little Texas panhandle town of 5,000 people were freed yesterday by a judge who said they were railroaded by a white undercover agent.
How do you like that?
And the reason that this happens of course of course.
Do you realize that we got so many things in here now that that's the American way because I can't stop as easy as you used to be to find something.
Anyway I've got something to smile about today Freddie Brook and set after the release of his son Freddie junior.
It's been a lot of hard work that's gone into this.
The 11 black defendants in one white defendant were released on bail while they pursue their appeals but a special prosecutor has said he'll dismiss all charges if the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals grants the new trials.
The racially charged case to our part this town of 5,000 people into investigations by the U.S. Justice Department and the Texas Attorney General's office.
A bill passed by the legislature and signed by Governor Rick Perry to appear to have cleared the way for the defendant's release while their cases were still on appeal.
We've read your stories about this for a long time man for a coupons age and finally finally without even going to downcrawling on his house we get a little bit of justice tragic just pathetic in the racist USA.
5,670560.560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
70 QAM.
Hey can I speak to Neil please?
Hey Neil.
Did you see on the news last night about the row versus Wade I think it was Mrs. Row is now trying to get her case overturned because she turns Catholic?
Really? Did not see that?
Yeah I thought of course Channel 7 I heard some of the right to life as her upset because some of the seafood restaurants are serving fish row.
That's what I heard.
They want to save those fish man.
When you were talking about Green Gary, Green Ross.
Yeah.
The first job at a college that's what they made us watch and trade it.
Good that was a good choice.
I tried to make a different watch that she felt sweet.
Okay pal have a great day.
I can understand why why he's a little he's a good guy just a little boring.
5,670560.560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Trying to stir this crowd up a little bit with no success.
No.
That's okay. We'll pop some drugs.
Don't stick the needle in that purple mess there.
Whatever you do.
Oh man.
God.
You know the guy that played that doctor that grabbed the drugs and ran out with an SD look on his face.
What other he was in happiness but there was also some other thing I saw him on over the weekend.
He's in a lot of things.
He's in all kinds of stuff that I didn't realize he was even in.
Good actor.
Right.
A little bit of a pervert and I won't be bothered.
Good actor.
Happiness.
That's one you ought to see.
Oh that's right.
I forgot happiness is a prohibited in South Florida.
5,670560.560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
It sure is great being back in town begging for calls this week.
I'm enjoying it a lot.
Come in to QAM.
Hey.
Yes sir.
I'm right here.
What up Neil?
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
Check out skillfoot.com.
What is it?
What.com?
Help her.
I can see his while he was sitting around guys and because he was like, I just want to get the phone.
The first time and then he like ran before I could ask him what he said.
I don't know what it was.
Don't know.
Just ran away before they could trace the goddamn call.
WQAM.
Hey Neil.
How are you doing?
Pretty good sir.
Got a great none.
What did you say?
I was on top of the list and I was managing a club and one of the valet guys is a subcontractor.
He gave Jose Conceco Lamborghini keys to about an 1819 year old valet parker who proceeded
to not valet park in the lot.
He was supposed to be torn down Washington and kind of fit until he blew the tranny because
he was a guy who didn't know how to drive a stick shift.
I'll be them.
They had to get the tow truck out there so it all the way to the poor guys house.
Which is a bit of a distance and the tow company ended up getting food for a lot of money.
But the Lamborghini was absolutely trash.
That felt pretty bad for him.
By the way, website free to check out if you don't like mainstream media.
Mediabypass.com.
Okay.
Take it easy Neil.
You two thanks.
Mediabypass.com.
What do you say?
Oh.
Come on.
Let's check one of doubt.
Check it out.
1240.
20 to 1.
We got the mad dog at 2 o'clock.
We got Hank in the studio.
4 to 7 to 7.
The hopper will be here.
We're going to be doing it.
Haven't seen Hank in like a long time.
Have you ever get to see the hoppers?
He's not coming out of the way.
Every now and again.
Sure.
Every once in a while.
How's he doing?
Fine.
I mean, he's fat.
Right.
Just as Joe can.
Go call.
He's going to be good spirits.
Good.
I'm concerned about him.
Hate somebody like Poison.
Now can I.
Are you going to start again with Mo?
Sure.
We're going to start with him.
We're going to start with him.
Oh.
Oh my god.
The first day that Mo showed his ugly reer.
We were in his ugly place.
Whatever it was.
In this place.
Where now is it?
I can't find it.
I just can't find it.
I don't know what you're looking for.
I don't want to tell you.
It'll spoil all the fun.
You know.
I'll find it.
But we knew right off from the get go.
As a matter of fact, that was it.
I was here in Hank.
I ran into the Hank in the parking lot.
He just drove in.
And that's what we began our conversation about our mutual love affair with the moment.
I'm telling you seriously.
You people out there.
If you depressed today.
If you're upset by the rain and cloud in the nasty weather, the humidity.
All of these things.
Maybe your AC went out like ours did here.
Don't worry about any of these things.
We like Adam.
Open up the door in the middle of the show.
And start.
That's okay.
Adam, you can come in anytime.
Just not while I'm on here.
But what was I going to say before you open up the door in?
I was like, right on the.
Oh, I was going to tell him go to our website again and watch the old.
The old mom might do just humping away.
It was hard to contact.
What is that?
This is a new piece of copy for this.
Very seen how it's a damn good thing.
My psychic powers again.
Because this was going to run two minutes ago.
And if Adam wouldn't have been such a, you know, just lucky.
Just fell into a bucket of crap.
Okay.
Adam, so start looking.
You would have had to read the spot over again.
No, I wouldn't.
You know, hurricane season is here.
Before storm hits you.
Put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home.
What about the roof of your house, though, you may be asking right now?
The Soma paint factory makes roof mastic, a roof coating that can help your hurricane proof
your roof.
Soma's roof mastic saved hundreds of roofs during hurricane Andrew, while unprotected roofs
were peeding off and flying away like crazy.
Soma also has waterproof coatings for every kind of roof.
Call the Soma SOMAY Soma paint factory at 305, 63363333.
The Soma paint factory is the oldest quality paint waterproof coating manufacturer in Florida.
Soma may save you money because they eliminate the middleman markups.
They sell to everybody at wholesale prices that are 60% lower and what you'd pay for
national branded retail stores.
So protect your home and property from softwood as tough tropical climate with the best
paints and waterproof coatings that the best prices do.
Call the Soma paint factory 305, 63363333 or find them on the web at SomaY.com.
You save a ton of cash when you buy directly from the Soma paint factory.
Be sure and tell them that Neil Tordidical 305, 63363333.
Why in local, we're sports video 560, you a**.
You a**.
Welcome back to the Superfluous Colonel linguists of the Mohameda David Holton, where we got
the three qualas on power rotation for your perusials.
Hey Mo!
What?
This better not be about hokey.
We got special guests today.
No one's allowed in here unless they bring food for their king giggiggigg.
Too late!
Sack already cooked them.
How are ya?
What the hell are these muzzle moose?
That's the Rick and Sons!
You know, drive home with us today!
Sorry.
I never heard of you bumming.
Well I wonder why.
So what do you do?
You got an act?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Exactly.
Like what?
We spin the wheel.
Wherever the wheel stops, we grab meat off of it.
We slam it.
You name it.
What's funny about that?
Well you got a point there.
Why can't you just ask me a question?
You ready to push your head into toilet bowl?
You think that's funny, huh?
Well I got noose for you pal.
You both stink!
I'm talking about my precipice and getting fired at it right now.
Well bummer.
Get out of my place of business.
No!
Alright, alright, something.
I'll give you one more chance to show me what you got.
Hope this isn't really funny because I got a really full bladder.
Alright, these are things that probably adults would know.
They're like old sayings that I want you to fill in the blank.
You know how to do that?
Yeah, here we go.
The bigger they are, the harder they...
Get the dick.
Yeah!
What are you gonna do?
Did I get climbers' climbers to give you climbers to laugh?
How dare you laugh at me!
I suppose you want to rape me now.
Yeah!
Start licking that.
That would be wild, yeah.
Alright, alright.
I don't even care anymore.
Hey, tell me hold my green piece.
Okay!
What are you looking at?
And you guys got a condo.
That's condom, moh!
What of it?
Yeah, I do.
I mean, I don't suds does.
Mine.
And I might as well warn you, I didn't do this today.
Okay.
Now you have to say, spin your meat, Rick and suds.
Eh, spin your meat, Rick and...
Let's do it!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh, got it.
What's the matter?
I was shooting first.
Oh, see, I told you it's not my day.
I'm so embarrassed.
I'm shooting for Jake funny, okay?
It's not my embarrassing.
Oh, it's poisonous.
Oh, okay.
Oh, oh, oh.
Clean that.
1248 and 560 WQM.
How is the suds doing?
Is he going to be on this summer?
Yeah.
He will be visiting.
The suds will be stopped in visiting while I'm not here,
which is going to be great.
George will have a wonderful time,
slander a few people.
Right.
We'll be paying him with food and nugs.
Maybe Johnny Darkle will come in.
Oh, no, no, sorry.
And you're the big humongous friend.
Nothing common.
WQM personality, do you think...
Wait a minute.
Oh, see, there's a misprint in there.
No wonder I can't read this, right?
Because somebody screwed up.
I don't want...
Whoa!
I want to get him all upset again.
Not Eric.
Ha, ha, ha.
It says WQM personality, too, you think.
No wonder I'm...
Every time I try to read this, it don't make no sense to me.
That's because there's a...
Woohoo!
Misfit on here.
Do you think this spies his mohauer, David and the most?
Poor Eric.
He's never been the same.
I think he's going to let come after you guys.
596 votes.
Can you believe that, Bill and her boy?
It's not even one o'clock yet.
And we got almost 600 votes on there.
Boy, somebody must be listening.
Huh?
That's...
That's why we're not getting a lot of calls.
They're busy.
They're busy voting on Edpool.
And they're busy prusing a picture of the Hot Couples contest
and looking at some of them on Nips.
And they're really busy now.
Checking out the picture of Moh raping me.
Right.
We do have some hot couples on that Hot Couples contest.
Couple of...
Nips.
596 votes.
Gelly 101.
George 81.
Who's mohauer, David and 68?
Joe Rose.
He was way down to Joe all of he has moved up into fourth place.
37.
Mad Dog 34.
The Humper of 30.
How much of Hank's not too happy with that?
He ought to be doing a lot better than that, guaranteed.
Who's that in the doorway?
Your mama.
Dave Hagen.
Oh Dave Hagen, how you doing Dave?
Close the door.
Hank 30, the Beast 22.
Scott Farrell's got six.
Any K6, Zach 6.
Been and boys got five.
And Joe Costello, Mr. Nice guy's got only three votes out of.
And just changing it again.
Do you think we can have over 600 now?
We could.
If this thing ever changes again.
Oh yeah, what it is, it's all tied up because it's slow.
Because they're all looking at the mohurapin meal picture.
And have a good time with it too.
Enjoy it.
I sure am.
Three votes for Joe out of 601.
601.
Oh, this is almost as exciting as when we broke that 256 mark.
Do they have a pool?
Is their website even up today?
I don't want to open it.
My good close friend, Josh Cordis.
I mean Josh, what's his name?
Yeah.
But because this morning on a QAM website it was like missing.
It was gone.
So I thought it was not at its back.
Pool question, can Don Trell Willis be an all star?
Don Trell?
What that be Don Trell?
Is he like a basketball player?
You don't know?
Well a beener boy don't know because he's heavy duty in that scrap.
What do you think?
Can Don Trell Willis be an all star?
They got a lot of votes on that pool by the way.
Yeah.
Don't be picking on Josh.
He's a good kid and he looks pretty good for this building.
He's a nice guy.
He loves this show by the way.
And you know who else loves this show?
I'll give you a clue.
Who listens to this show?
He said it's the only radio show that he listens to.
That's beautiful.
Yeah.
For real.
He listens to this show.
Religiously.
By the pool.
Pissing off the old Jews.
Yeah.
In fact he turns it up.
When we make those sounds.
Piss off the old Jews at the pool, especially the old Jewish broad.
Well the old Jewish guys, they're all dead because the old Jewish broads killed them off.
I see how that happens.
Yeah.
They killed them off.
Oh, a Seymour.
Oh poor Seymour.
What's he?
He knows.
Let's have a little conga dance for Seymour.
What do you say?
Let's go.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Come back to the doctors like they movie love too.
You know.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
WQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
A.
N.
Yes sir.
A.
How you doing?
Good.
Listen, this real quick, whatever happened as a result of the River and Jones lawsuit.
Oh.
Now he must have a ringer because that wasn't him.
No.
He has a friend.
Wow.
He has a friend?
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
River and Jones has a friend?
Or maybe he paid somebody to do that.
Maybe they hang out together.
You're gay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on.
It's just, you know, for years people have said to me you should write a book.
And then I think to myself, but I only been in this market for like almost 30 years now.
Then you could write 30 books.
And it would be so perocul.
And then I start thinking about the different aspects of what I would write.
Not so much about just doing talk radio in this market, but the whole psychology of what this is, what this is all about.
How many chapters on just the crazies?
Oh.
How many chapters on crazy?
3rd man.
People.
WQAM.
Yeah, can I speak to N.
Speaking.
N.
How are you now?
I'm doing very good.
Thank you.
You know, I was just thinking, if somebody drove into the town, it's empty all the time.
But if somebody from out of town drove into town and turned this radio station on,
right, they would make a euthird on the turn, but I can hit the other way.
That's another public service that we do for unsuspecting invaders.
That's correct.
And keep them out of town.
Right.
You're wonderful.
Thank you.
Thank you.
That's what we do for you.
Anybody that's coming to you.
If you've just been here a short time, a couple of days you're turning into this show, wondering what it's all about.
It's a warning, okay?
Stay the hell away.
Go back.
In fact, we're going to put up big signs that say, be afraid.
Be very afraid.
Right.
If you come to South Florida, because this is the end of the world, once you've come here, man,
it's like a septic tank, like an outdoor sump pump, a big humongous swamp,
even a guy named Insects have left their soap pissed off and frustrated.
Who wants to bite a bunch of sour bitter old Jews and spicks anyway?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, how are they doing in Domenopark?
How did you want to do that?
Speaking of places out by me, I was gone two months.
You had a thought I was gone for 10 years.
Every nook and cranny, every piece of space, there's a new house being built on sunrise,
you know, out on sunrise by like a hightest, there's like a whole new complex there.
They've already built all the way to the Everglades fence, so now they're just buying up every lot.
I think the day is coming.
I don't want to get anybody nervous, okay?
Be afraid.
Be very afraid.
I think the whole day I'm in South Florida, the whole state's going to say,
I'm going to sink.
Yeah.
It's not real land anyway, it's just a big sand bar.
Right, I think it's going to sink.
I think with Wim.
Think with Wim.
So while you're Cuban rafters out there, it was good practice coming on over here,
because you may have to swim back.
I saved my inner tube.
It's in the garage.
Good thinking.
I wonder how my rescuity ass is doing.
Well they're 12-year-old husbands.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, boy, what a bitch.
Who's coming to QAM?
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got a gerbil in my ass.
Well congratulations, sir, okay?
That must have been one of Matt's buddies, Miss Fudge.
WQAM.
You're absolutely going up in this.
Week.
That was a very weak.
See, I don't want it.
Why are you even going to it?
What's the point?
Week.
Everybody out there knows you're just trying to, you're trying.
You're a wannabe.
You can't do it.
You can't cut it.
You're not even just a poor sly or a poor mole.
WQAM.
Yeah, hi.
I don't think I talked to Neil.
Speaking.
Oh, Neil.
Exciting, huh?
Direct line.
Oh my god.
Yeah, you got the inside of the bat line.
No, no screaming now.
No, George is too lazy for that crap.
George, you're just undergoing a lot of stress.
Hey, I've got three little points for you that I have just observing,
driving around here endlessly in my car.
Number one.
Okay, number one, you've got your hair guy who does that commercial, you know?
Or is it doctor's something or other?
I think it's Shapiro.
Don't be knocking his spots on his radio station.
So what's number two?
Okay, no, I just want to say that he uses the word ex-specialty.
Yeah, okay.
Well, he, I don't care about that.
He does have to get your attention to obviously the number two.
Okay, number two.
Okay, 50,000 calls telling us the same thing.
We don't care.
Okay, Southwest 16th Street is Jose Camp Seiko Street.
Okay, and number three.
Did you know that?
No, number three.
I just wanted to know, you have a strong connection to Canada and Canadians.
What's that all about?
I have a strong connection.
Yeah, you're always talking about, I'm a new list at your show.
Because I, because part of the time I do the show from Toronto,
I have an apartment there, that's why.
Oh, I see you, see you can't even tell the difference.
If I told you I was in Toronto right now, you wouldn't know would you?
No, I wouldn't know that.
And if I told you I was in Miami right now, right by the date-broward line,
you wouldn't know either.
That's part of the magic of radio.
Just out of curiosity, why do you go to Toronto to do the show?
Because I love it.
Oh, yeah?
There are two reasons.
Number one, I love it there.
Number two, which is even, I hate it here.
Because I've got a lot of friends who live in Ottawa.
I don't know what it is.
Never been there.
Never been there.
Too close to Quebec for me.
Too many frogs.
Have a great day, Pally.
Kind of like in Magnolia.
Too many frogs.
In Ottawa.
You ever been there?
No.
BC, baby.
Vancouver.
They're smoking numbers as big as the God Day Miami Hero didn't vancouver in BC.
I did say the thing about the kids in Toronto now are some of the wise guys.
Not a lot of most people are polite, but if they are walking down the street,
smoking a number and a cop happens to be, they'll like blow the smoke in his face
because they can't enforce the law.
There is no court set on constitution.
Now they should use some decorum.
Oh, those pugs.
No.
1250, oh here's one.
Carlos says, love the picture.
But if you look at it closely, it's mole raping.
It's mole not you.
It is?
Refetch it.
No, I'm not on that page.
Just relax.
I'll find a way to get to it.
It's mole raping, mole.
No, see.
You should better look closely.
I mean, look at the glasses.
See, in most pictures, you don't have no glasses on.
If you look at me, I mean, it's pretty obvious.
I mean, do I look like mole?
No.
No.
1259.
What am I doing here?
Because I'm getting like way behind.
We don't want to do that.
We don't want to push the mad dog back.
I want to tell you about something really good for you.
And I noticed I don't have any here.
I don't want to get Skippy all of a sudden.
He'll ever come in here again after that deal.
He pulled with me, Ripp and Jeff Cohen.
Jeff, by the way, into a crazy about you, Skippy.
How'd you like to lose that commission that you just steal and stick in your pocket?
I'll drive over there and pick it up.
And that's right.
He'll pick up the check and get the copy.
And probably do a better job of writing some copy than that crap that you stick in here, Skippy.
Anyway, all you meant, so I'll tell you is our good stuff.
I've been taking it for a long time for my blood pressure.
It's good.
It really does something for you.
It is super concentrated, loaded with health benefits for you.
All you meant in your pussy every day can produce the risk of heart disease, high cholesterol,
and other kinds of grotesque things.
Plus, there are 14 different all you meant formulas to choose from each one combining
pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins and minerals and herbals and all kinds of good stuff.
This supports specific health needs from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system.
Just pick out the formulas right for you.
And now you've got yourself three new all you meant formulas.
Want to help your sleep?
Want to help you control your weight?
And sell Q10 for your heart.
You know my pulse last night was 68.
Same as Mose Age.
You'll find all you meant at public's records while greens hold food markets, divers and sedans
You can order it online if you like it at olio-medamerica.com.
If you want more info on their spectacular products, call tool free and ask away.
Call 1-866-olio-med.
That's 1-866-653633 to improve your health start popping some olio-med in that big pussy years today.
My life and love.
This is 420560.
You ain't who I am.
Bandit to our...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
Gedanken About Theไม Umm Chancellor
I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I'm a last year, I
can't make you cry. 1.04 is our drug and it's 1.02. Here's another fact it says it looks like
mo is backpacking mo and not Neal, take a look at that push again, okay, realize it's a grotesque ugly
push but it's mine, I have to confess, I mean we could always put it off on that but it's not true,
I'm gonna want it's getting into the rectum. 5.6705.60 here's the pull so far to the
the longest response where did he go? He loses keys again? Well, he went to see if we
can find that. He won't find it. 665 votes. This is spectacular when you consider
it, especially, that they're not only checking out mole-raping kneel and they're also
checking out the couple contest. We got them real busy, which is good on our way.
They keep you off the street and do not let your kids look at those nipples on our
pictures. Okay? We warned you. They'll say we didn't warn you. If you're sensitive
about ladies nipples and sometimes they're pretty sensitive too. Right? So, I
have been told that don't be able to hear some pictures. Anyway, which QM personality
do you think? See, here we go. Nice going, Eric. He did it. He corrected that grotesque
glaring error of his. Which QM personality do you think despises Mo Howard, David and
the most? This is just for fun. We like him a lot. 668 votes. Neal 216. Where do they
get that from? You know? Gildy 117. Look at that. I'm almost 100 votes ahead of the
second place guy. George 95 who continues hanging right close to Gildy's ass. Who's
Mo Howard, David and 74? Joe Rose 41, Mad Dog 39, Humper 32, who ought to be hard on that.
Beast 27, Scott Farrell 7, 80K's got 6. Zach Francis got 6. Nice going, Zach. Pat
Zach. Beenervoir 5 and Joe Costello only three votes out of 668, which means, in
this audience, likes Joe Costello a lot of things. He's a nice guy or they know who he
is. Right? They know who he is. Or they think they're. Don't forget by the way they
marginally rated overnight, Joe and Mark's show, which used to be on to the 6th, on 2 to
5 overnight. So now Sunday through Thursday. Right. Am I right about that Sunday through?
I want to make sure I get that right. Correct. And they actually have it on the schedule
right here. It's probably because Clarence ain't here this week. So the schedule is right.
Don't be not Clarence. He gets me paid on time sometimes at 8 early every
payday. He is the best. And I do want to retract something I said yesterday because if I'm
wrong, I'll tell you. If I change my mind, I'll tell you. So I'm driving home yesterday.
Maybe George hasn't opinion too because I'm listening to the game from Omaha. Oh, yeah,
I was listening to that. And because I really ripped and keep in mind, I've always said
I like Joe Sigecky personally a lot. It's business not personal, right? Right. And I don't
know. He probably hates me anyway, but at least when he comes into building once in a
way while he puts on a good act and you know, we shake hands and he smiles and mutters under
his breath, especially when I call him penis face. But, but I like Joe. There's no reason
not to like Joe Sigecky, right? When you agree with that? Correct. He's a likeable guy.
Yes he is. But his work on the year in my estimation over the years is left something
to be desired, especially his play by play. He crushed it. You know that kind of stuff.
You know what I mean? I'm driving home yesterday and I'm thinking to myself, I'm prepared
for the worst and Joe is doing the hurricanes against that girl school Southwest Missouri
State for the blind. By the way, don't forget Texas and the hurricanes tonight. It's
an elimination game. Somebody's going to be out. That's at eight o'clock on 790 Waxi
because we got the Marlin game on QAM. So the college world series Texas Heracune game
will be on on Waxi 798 to a win of its over. And I'm listening to Joe and quite frankly,
it was a lot better than what I'd heard him before. Not great. Still got a long way to
go. And the biggest problem he's got to overcome, not his lack of knowledge of what he's describing.
I clearance is a good job out there too. See now I can understand why clearance went.
Yeah. No, you know why? Because if if clearance didn't go to do the color on the games, you
know who would have been out there. Yes. Okay. I've asked my case amateur hour. The beast who
continues coming in here sucking around even though we don't want to see him, but you can't
chase him away. He's one of those people. But Joe is actually improved a lot. Now the football
thing, that's where I draw the line. It's one thing to get excited to him play by play
with. Oh my. Oh my. Right. Even that's fine. But the hysterical out of control screaming.
See control excitement, enthusiasm, excitement under control. That's how you do play by play
broadcasting. Believe you me because I know a little bit about it. But just hysterical shrieking
and yelling and carrying on is just not. Oh my. Oh my. Not my idea of what I want to hear
somebody describe it. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, see, even that's under control.
He's that don't ever knock the mad dogs work on a dolphin game. I work there. Then you'll have
to cross my fat old body. Okay, because I love the mad dog. He's still he is one and a billion.
He's his phenomenal. But again, even as out of control, as it sounds, it is still under control
because it's legitimate. Whereas Joe did. You know, like, he just got a control a little bit. But
his work on a baseball was a much better and I expected. I was going Joe. I like Joe.
And I figure if I say that, maybe Hank will come in one day this week and actually look at us.
Huh? I haven't seen Hank in a long time and probably the reason you don't want to come in
early is because last time I was in town a couple of months ago, Hank was sitting out there
doing Diddling something out at the, what used to be out there by the Fax machine.
Card table was that where we had the the ham radio to the bookie? Because that's Hank spent a lot of
time. No, but seriously, he was out there. We bonded and I made some comment. He looked like he
gained an answer to you know, where we had the hand. And I love Hank. I'm worried that I don't want him
to croak one of these days, which we all will eventually, but I'm talking about like not soon.
And so maybe he's concerned now if I asked you, would you give me an honest answer?
When's the last time you saw the Humper? Maybe last week. Okay. And has he maintained his
felt, you know, just tell me he hasn't ballooned up anymore. Okay. He hasn't ballooned up any less.
You are, you know, Mo is right about you. You saw him. Well, I didn't, but I tried to ask in the
diplomatic way because us fat people, some of us are sensitive water. Wait, I'm not because I'm
dead. I can't, I can't do it. He can't. That is ever. That's bad. I can't believe you're doing
this to me. You're throwing my buddy Hank out of the tracks here. And he's going to hate you
pretty soon. No, I want Hank to live. I like Hank. Yeah, we're trying to work. But it doesn't work.
Since I was at work, I've tried that. It doesn't work. Now Zach, I am burst into what else I
work. Holy, holy, oh, the engineer that we love, our former engineer, Julio, I am burst into
losing 30 pounds. You know what else does it work? What's that? Shutting up. Oh, so you're going
to say that if you go on there and talk about Hank is being as big as a house, what are you going
to do? Nothing is going to work. Well, we're trying. Okay. And we're trying to do it out of love
and kindness, not because we want to like make fun of somebody because there are fat people
like Josh Friedman. We made fun of it. Now he's not here anymore. See that worked. Plus the fact
that everybody hated him like poison. I wonder if he and Mo got along. I don't think so.
That's a good question. Too late now. Too late now because Josh Friedman is departed.
Some got some things changing around here. Oh, look, look at it. I just walked in with a hat on
for just a second one to do. Well, but I thought I might have been the Humper coming in. But it's a
shorter, slimmer version of the Humper. It's old chicken neck Carlos used that CD to microwave a
piece of pizza on and got cheese all melted on it. Is that a true story? No. Oh, but he lost it. What a
schmuck. What a punch. Oh, you're talking about that. This guy was looking for number 25. I
couldn't run it back with me if somebody would have told me. It's got that new Mickey and I's
new thing on it. He's the last one that had it, but he didn't lose it. I would look in his
back dome. I wouldn't be surprised if it's in there. He's just checking the slide while you're here.
Yeah. Oh, no, he just opened his cheeks right out of Georgia's neck. Oh, my God. Look at that.
I'm getting my knife. You can smell that baby right in here.
Like a scene from Train Spawning. I don't want to tell you which one. Don't don't ever talk about
that movie anymore. Please, I beg you. Don't ever talk about that. Not in a while. I'm in the
on the planet. Train Spawning. I bet you're Bill Cabrera. I never saw that. But I bet you're
Bill Cabrera. And those who Hume Cronin was and Jessica Tandy didn't use to make all their
electronics product. 12 minutes after one at five 60 WQM. How low can those interest rates go?
You're probably wondering. I'll tell you now financial group. There's the limbo rock under the lowest
refinance rate you ever heard of in your long, excruciating life. How does 1.95% sound? Pretty good, huh?
Oh, we're fine. True. Now you can refinance your home or buy a new home and get a super low 1.95
percent financing rate with financial group. Call them today and check this out. 1-800-940-LND.
L-E-N-D. That's 1-800-940-LND. If you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate,
call financial group. Tool free, baby 1-800-940-LND. Talk about savings. Wait till you hear these payments
you'll be making. If you take out $100,000 loan, your payments are only $368 a month. If you have
you weigh $200,000 loan, your pay only $736 bucks a month. Chump change. So call financial group
toll free at 1-800-940-LND to get you the low low rate you'll be looking for 1.95%. Interest rates
are at all time low, so don't wait another minute call right now and find out about this. 1.95%
from financial group 1-800-940-LND. That's 1-800-940-LND. Indeed, the Renequal Housing Lender,
Credit Restrictions Applying rates are subject to change monthly 5.19 APR.
9-940-LND.
And low. This is 420-560-LND.
You weigh it to weigh it.
I hear round the golf with Modi on the day. I had to go to his house to pick him up.
I only been the most house once. Let me put it this way. It's not exactly a house.
It's a century village condo in North Boca. Right off Lyons Road,
Kimberly Boulevard, UM-1302 and the 13th floor.
I'm a looking-the-abandoned shuffle boy, boy.
Whoa, whoa. What could he have paid for that? 30 grand?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. He invited me up.
So I knocked on the yells for me to come in and I'll get this.
He was sitting at the dining room table under an autograph picture of himself sitting
at a dining room table with another picture of himself in that picture.
What a gift of himself sitting at a dining room table.
He's got a seat. He's trying. I'm in shared carpet.
He looked like the set on Maggi Game.
He had old people cheesy smell at all.
But they tried to cover it up with that.
What's it called? A Prince match of Valley.
But it still stinks like that cheesy Valley.
That's the thing.
Whoa. You should see all the panties he had on his obdress,
a droid. They were all covering the nude pictures allude you call me.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Whoa, whoa.
Who the hell do you think you are?
Spat my pretty little piece right in the air?
Wait, do you think you're gonna put your move around me?
Well, I got noose right here.
You're a pal.
You gotta get a pretty early in the morning to put one over on me.
Even earlier now.
Ah, oh.
This is what it is.
I'll drop a bomb on you.
Hey, bitch.
I'm in peace.
Get in here, butt of all.
Let's go.
I'm hanging those keys.
I'll tell you.
All right, everybody.
Have some candy.
You horrible thing.
I'm gonna get some more candy.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoah!
Oh!...
Whoah!
Top of the moon!
Whoah!
Whoah!
Whoah!
Oh!...
Whoa, whoa.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Don't put enough, which is quite a comment on this radio station even the worst of the sports nerds would not pay anybody to spend time at their house unless they were gonna get lucky. Oh, oh no, oh, no. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I dropped on my crap under 4, 5 6 7 0 5 6 8.5 6 30 enough, 5 6 30 1 8 10 10 4 eyes and wireless line, so that is a great code text and glad you wrote the column but nobody here cares. W-Q-A-M
Oh, I smell it.
Michael, I sure.
How do you like that?
Way ahead of you, pal.
Way ahead of you, psychic kneel strikes again.
Have it lost it.
And as a matter of fact, just out of spite to that retired guy,
what I'm doing is after the show today, I'm signing for two more years.
WDQIM.
Kneel.
Yes, sir.
Hey, quick question.
How are you?
And every time he calls, I'm a little excited.
I'm going to release a five-year-old.
Five years.
The regular time the release is on the word.
Talk to me.
I don't play that anymore.
Because we can't.
You're not allowed.
That is correct.
I must admit that.
I can't play it.
Why won't Sunny Rooks and Berg die?
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a AT.
I think there's a connection there if you ask me.
Here's a call from somewhere, WQIM.
I'm full wasted.
Still on the door.
Okay.
WQIM.
Kneel.
Yes, sir.
New addition to the website.
Excellent.
Mo Wraps Kneel, I love it.
And picture anyway.
If you watch it while you're playing that crazy carnival music.
Yeah.
You know, he's kind of.
He's thrown into the motion there.
And I feel like it, pal.
I have a good time.
Knock yourself out.
Five, six, seven, boy.
They're out of material now, aren't they?
Yes, big time.
I'm going to have to read some of these bedtime stories.
Get George all excited.
Like, world of post-abortion and Iraq war, BBC poll says,
the world is opposed.
The world says,
no.
While the American public is sitting back going,
hey, Jose, how much can I pay to come in and hang out in your house for a while?
The rest of the world is going, holy crap, what's going on here?
And I'm going to tell you something else.
I hit my, I hit it right on the head again when I said, just yesterday,
and why should we care about what the hell is going on with the Arabs and the Jews
in the Middle East?
Scream.
If you want to kill each other, have a good time.
And, you know, what else I would tell?
Well, I would, that you him down, Ariel Shiro and I'd say, hey, you know,
that three billion just turned into about three cents.
They'll kill each other with your own money.
Right.
If you're going to kill each other, do it with your own cash.
You're okay.
We got better uses for the three billion dollars here.
All these unemployed bastards, all these veterans fixing potholes at least.
That's right.
Do something constructive with it.
Get somebody some health care that's like dying over there.
They can't afford their medication.
That's what I had over children.
They're going to have to use terrorist bastards over there.
There's lunatics.
And then wonder, my mother is still killing each other with our weapons.
A majority of people around the world view President Bush unfavorably.
Absolutely correct.
And think the United States was wrong to invade Iraq according to a BBC poll published yesterday.
Boys and girls.
The poll would surveyed more than 11,000 people in 11 countries showed 57% of those
asked had a very unfavorable or fairly unfavorable attitude toward the American president,
the Bushmeister, the BBC said in the statement.
Some 56% felt the US was wrong to attack Iraq, including 81% of Russian residents.
And 62% of those bold in France.
In Jordan and Indonesia, well over half those asked felt the United States posed a greater danger
to world peace and stability than Al Qaeda.
Did you hear that?
Yep.
In Jordan and Indonesia, well over half of those asked felt the US posed a greater danger
to world peace and stability than those al Qaeda.
In five of the 11 countries, the majority of respondents believed the United States was more dangerous than Iran,
named by Bush as part of an axis of evil over the Iraq and North Korea.
And eight out of the 11 respondents said the US was more dangerous than Syria,
a country which watched an accusative sponsoring terrorism.
However, attitude toward America rather than the Bush administration was slightly more positive,
half-rated the country fairly while 40% considered it unfavorable.
So in other words, they're not that much against the US, they just hate Bush.
I guess they got a point.
Asked if their country was becoming more like America, 81% of Australia and 64% of Britain said yes.
The survey conducted May and June by the BBC and posters around the world covered Australia,
Brazil, Britain, Canada, France, Indonesia, Israel, Jordan, South Korea, Russia, and the US.
It was commissioned for a TV program called What the World Things of America
and an 8-2-good right at the moment, thanks for your president day.
Thanks to this fascist pig.
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T and Verizon Line.
Look at that response man, screenless Tuesday.
Began pleading on my hands and knees here.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Again, I'd like to see you with nails.
Speaking our first lady in two days, hello.
Hi, me, my name is Rory.
I'm Colin from West Palm Beach.
Excellent.
And I have two points that I'd like to make aside from the articles that you have been reading our own correct.
The rest of the world is right.
My folks moved into a complex with a bunch of frogs.
And at first I came in with such prejudices from living in Miami Beach and listening to you.
And they're all wonderful to my parents and they're nice and they're generous.
Hi.
And they're not cheap.
My second point is...
They're not cheap?
Up here, the ones up here, they share lawn work with my folks and...
But they must not be akin to the ones that the frogs that hang out in Hollywood Beach.
You know, they must not be related.
And also, I have a real hard time because I love you and I love Randy.
And I have a hard time.
You guys can't get along.
What do you mean by that?
Well, you always are making comments about her and it's so funny because you guys have the same views.
I just went through a thing.
I think it was yesterday where I talked about the fact that she's got big balls and she told Bob Green and told him where to stick it.
And if I played the thing where she ripped into my green, I don't know what you're talking about.
Oh, okay.
We can't get along.
Well, from previous years and I guess I didn't hear yesterday.
I don't know that we ever didn't get along.
I mean, I think Randy takes herself much too seriously and I have no problem with you for saying that.
But I don't have a problem with her.
Well, I just find a call and mention those two points and have a great day and keep up the good work.
Thank you.
See ya.
Do we have a problem with Randy?
No.
Not that we know.
Now maybe Randy Moore, we have a problem with because he's a clown.
You know.
Oh, I see a thing in the paper the other day.
Oh, on a Panther, our organization, they're trying to be more fan-friendly.
I'll give you some instructions.
I've been trying to tell you this for a long time but nobody over there listens to me.
You know.
They treat me very nice but they don't listen.
If you want to be more fan-friendly, put a competitive team out there.
Okay.
If you're going to charge those kind of prices, don't pound yourself on a chest like,
oh, we're not raising ticket prices.
Wow.
Big deal.
Bigs think and deal.
For that kind of money to go see that kind of lack of entertainment.
And you wonder why people aren't showing up in a town where nobody cares about it anyway.
And in addition to which, if you're going to like put a team together,
it might be a good idea for the keep the players together for more like 10 minutes.
So somebody has an idea of who the people are on the team.
I mean, look at me.
If your stomach is strong, look at me.
Mr. Hockey expert.
And lastly, I didn't even know who all half these guys were.
Mizzai, Mizzuzah, Mizzrachi.
Who the hell are these people?
I don't know who they are.
All the players that we used to know and love, the good ones I'm talking about,
they're all gone and they keep putting a bunch of guy, who are these people?
Nobody knew who the hell these people were.
So if you want to be a fan friendly, put a competitive team out there,
but that don't seem to be the South Florida F and Way no more except for the dolphins.
And of course they got that salary kit thing going.
But the other teams, they just know they're not competitive.
So why can you mown and groan and bitch and bellyache that nobody shows up
in addition to which it's a horse ball front running town anyway.
But on top of that, you put a crap team out there that's like sealing your own fate.
Like you're in team, nobody ain't going to show up.
26 past 1 at 560 WQM got Jim the Mad Dog Mandage.
I guarantee a mad dog really wants Brian Greacy to be there.
He won't say it.
I don't want to put words in his mouth.
I just have that feeling, you know.
I just have a feeling that Mr. Mad Dog wants Brian Greacy to be the dolphins stirring.
Are you all right about that?
Yeah, see there's been a boy not in this area.
And I'm with him.
I mean if I were Dolphin fan, which I'm not, I'm a Patriot fan and very proud of it.
But if I wanted to see the dolphins have a big season, Brian Greacy.
I mean, he might make a big comeback.
You know, he had a couple of pretty damn good years.
They didn't pay him a lot of million dollars because of the way he looks.
I'll hear it to you then.
And Jay Fiedler thought that we don't like Jay's a good Jewish boy.
He went to Dartmouth.
So, you know, that tells you a lot right off the bat.
But he's, you know, he tries.
He's a gritty and forrel agreed this morning.
Same thing.
You heard forrel.
So you're right.
You're right on the hill.
He'll never go anywhere as long as Jay Fiedler is a quarterback.
Don't take it personally, Jay, unless you want to.
Like you, you're a fine man.
You can do a lot for the community.
But you're just, you know, Joe Collins.
Joe gives it to good college.
Try.
Fatal and sand.
And what people here don't want for good college.
Try.
They want to win.
They want to win her.
They want to jump on that bandwagon.
They want to weave those banners.
We're a number one.
We forget.
Aren't we blessed down here, Jim?
Yeah, that guy again.
I can't stop thinking about that guy.
Aren't we blessed down here?
Well, you know what?
No.
No, we're not.
We're cursed.
Let me tell you about Dolomathus right now.
If you've been tossing and turning, maybe one of the reasons
beside the fact that life is awful in South Florida is the fact
that your mattress is lumpy and bumpy and worn out.
Maybe you've been doing a little bit too much limbo rock on it, or in it, or around it.
Here's the answer for it.
Get you a great new mattress and a super night sleep every night for years to come.
By making one simple call, one quick call to one 800 mattress.
You won't believe how simple what a piece of cake it is to do this piece of shopping.
Because the expert betting consultants at Dolomathus guide you through the whole process.
And they really know how the product details could, what they're all about.
In other words, they know betting inside and out.
If you ever go to a showroom and talk to some of those sales holes, they start steering into the house brand,
which is what they're instructed to do, or maybe it discontinued so they want to get rid of,
or a mismatch or some piece of crap.
Forget about that with Dolomathus, because they don't carry any crap.
They carry only the best.
Seely, shirtless Simmons, tempered
No sales gimmicks, no false promises.
And if you've got the big bucks to spend, no problem.
Because they have the high-end vets too, like Seely's crown jewel line.
And the top models from every brand all at everyday low prices.
So call 1-800-MATTRES this moment, see what I mean?
Because if you call right now, you can be sleeping and then comfort as soon as tonight.
And when you do call, be sure to ask them about their comfort exchange policy.
If you're not completely ecstatic and satisfied, they'll exchange it for you.
No questions asked.
And don't forget you get free setup, free removal of the crappy old betting.
You choose the date and time for the living that fits your schedule when it's convenient for you.
Nobody else in the world does all of that for you.
Dolomathus, the intelligent way to get your good night's sleep.
Call them right now, 1-800-MATTRES.
Or check them out at mattress.com on their website.
And don't forget, you know what they say when you call Dolomathus?
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Hi, I'm Tally.
Joe Rose 49, the mad dog 45, the Humper 38,
Humper starting to move up there a little bit.
The Beast 32, Scott Farrell 7, Eddie K.
So, see the reason they know Scott don't hit him yet
is because they've got golf together.
Because Scott hasn't told him yet,
he just wants the free booze and the free booze.
And the free booze keeps winning money often.
Really?
Or clothes?
Scott Farrell 7, Eddie K. 7, Zach Krance in your pants has got six.
Beaner Boy 5 and Joe Castella still only three out of 761.
What's that percentage?
0.3.
Almost nobody thinks that Joe Castella hates some most.
I guess they hear them churning up during their crossover.
And they do a crossover in the morning?
Probably.
Who the hell's up at that time?
Five in the morning.
Carlos.
So, you're supposed to bail me out there
and I'm off full of diet coke and try to swallow it.
And he holds his hand up.
That doesn't work too well on a radio you jackass.
They saw it.
So, they do a crossover at five?
No.
Are you serious?
They don't.
They don't.
Well, that's probably because Moe is dragging his ass in here
like about 10 of you know,
he don't have time to be cross and always getting his crap together.
Probably squeezing the bad clean it out.
WQA, I'm hello.
Yeah, sir.
I'm a poor black man, Neil.
Let me say a whole day can say go.
I can't believe he can get all that money.
So, 1495, you can come watch.
You can come watch.
Four shoes, Neil.
For 1495 and a six pack of bush,
you can come watch me to Rome and Cairo play four shoes for one hour.
All right.
Peter Roy said I'll be right over.
If you'll take a check.
56670560, £560 on the 18T in Verizon Wireless Lone.
And we also better check the,
we got so much stuff going on here.
It's unbelievable.
The hot couples contest.
Let me check on that and see how it's coming.
Anybody coming on it?
Frank and Liz, they got 145 votes.
They must have a lot of front.
I mean, Brian and Natasha 86,
they're in a running.
It's, it's a, we got a long way to go.
The decision is next Monday at 10 a.m.
where we've got the most votes.
Holly and Darren got 60.
Mary and Shane 56.
That's 28 for each nip.
Ian and Jen have got 40.
Greg and Stephanie 39.
Mike and Kristen got 38.
Captain singing his wife have 33.
Vicki and Mick have got 30.
Daniel Michelle 27.
Dan and Sherry 17.
Jordi and Kevin have got the nine.
And in last place holding up the rear end,
Rich and Cheryl Owing nine.
EWIDO's heavy duty hooters hanging out there in a breeze.
They got nine.
So that's the way it does.
How many we got total on there?
I just got out of it.
Carlos how many we got?
589.
589.
589.
I'll wait a minute.
589.
And what do we got here on this other goddamn thing?
There is something amazing going on here.
776.
5 and 6 and 1365 votes.
And it's only 1.39.
Just like on QAM.
Yeah, just like on that QAM website.
That had about four votes in six weeks.
I want to give you a kiss.
Oh my god.
Poor Josh show.
What's his name again?
Goy.
What a shame.
Sitting in his little cubicle in there,
just banging stuff out of banging and banging and banging.
I understand he probably is doing a lot of banging.
And that's what you told me.
Huh?
Did I say that?
That's what you said.
You said he's getting some.
I can't understand why.
That's what you said.
You didn't?
You talked so much crap.
You don't even know what that you say.
That's true.
I have a mind like a steel trap.
I don't have a body like an elephant in the memory to match.
You're not pulling anything over on this old fag.
I'll tell you right now.
I remember you saying that he's, you know, maybe he said it.
Oh yeah.
When he came in here and met you.
He came in here and met me?
In here.
No, I met him on the elevator.
Oh, the last time I was here.
He came in and said hi to that.
Yesterday.
Right.
And you sat there with a schmitty look on your face like,
like I didn't know who it was.
I already met with him.
How do you think I knew what he looked like if I didn't meet him before?
I know you were talking about.
141 at 560.
Please somebody please put George out of his miserable place.
Oh, it's just shocking.
The past 10 minutes was all made up.
Yeah.
I think ever since we heard that first bit, the one that went.
So as I play around the golf with Modi on the day.
About like that.
Hey, I want to tell you something.
If you're fat and boy, we got a lot of fat people around us.
So my fat is disgusting.
It's ugly.
It's unhealthy.
It's grotesque.
You have to wear like pup tents instead of clothing.
You become diabetic.
And then all of a sudden, your eating choices are highly limited.
And you got real tourists.
If you've been trying to lose the weight, if you really made it conscientious to everybody,
you just haven't been able to lose it or keep it off.
Try balance for life.
We've talked about it for over a year now.
It's a great way to lose weight because it's easy.
It takes all the guesswork out.
You don't have to figure out anything.
No calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting, no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries.
Just a little black sack.
Which may not sound like an awful lot, but in your little black sack every morning,
they delivered to you door by 6 a.m.
There's all the food you need for the entire day.
And believe me, trust me when I tell you.
We're not talking some of those artificial crap in little boxes that you get with some of the other programs.
None of that.
Everything is fresh, delicious, made with the finest ingredients to get chicken and beef dishes, omelettes,
all kinds of good stuff.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks in your little black sack every single day.
The only choice you make is filling out that menu once a week.
You pick between two alternatives for each meal every day that you're on a program.
So get with the real weight loss program that really works and watch the pounds get off your body fast
while you got a big smile on your pushing your full all day.
Balance for life.
Just call them today.
They'll splint you how it works.
Call 9-5-4-568-32-29.
I guarantee you before you finish putting the first fork full of food in your push,
you'll already look better than the beast.
Call 9-5-4-568-32-29 or check them out of the web at balanceforlife.com.
My name is Ringo.
We are supporting you 5-60-2-A-M.
My room before I start, because I'm getting high from the smell of my farts.
Fed bugs are eating my brain, and that might explain my I'm going insane.
Something buggy may, something a knife must look in the pudding I ate last night.
I'm lying here feeding in my bed.
I'm pretty close to feeding dead.
Pick me up.
I gotta go go.
Just there briefly can't do it solo.
Pick me up.
I gotta go go.
I don't want to smell this burn my eyes.
Pick me up.
I got this go go.
Before my back turns the color of my bow.
Oh, George.
Pick me up.
I gotta go go.
I gotta tell just good-bye.
Oh, George.
Good-bye.
I'm gonna die and do help with my crimes.
Pick me up and twist me away.
In your big strong arms like I'm Doris Day.
My heart is fading away.
And at 20 feet per minute I could go any day.
That's not much after you'll find play here in a pool of my drool.
I sure, Midland Tedhams might sing you this way.
And I can't help this fight.
Pick me up.
I gotta go from a sleepy half-my-low hole.
Pick me up.
I gotta go go.
Before my back turns the color of my bow.
Pick me up.
I gotta go go.
Just there briefly.
So just had a great funny session with a man, Doug, who came waltz again here and said,
Howard David's the bitch.
Now he's ecstatic about the innu's schedule.
About two to four.
He's just foaming at the mouth.
He's so excited.
And I was right.
He would like, maybe I shouldn't say it on here.
He wants to see Brian Greacy start here.
Because that's not good.
That's not good on the hood of it.
I was with the J. Feeder.
But I just felt that because he's thinking back to those old days.
Those two super balls, the great good golden days.
Bob Greacy, you know, with a thick coke bottle of glasses.
Do you remember when you went, because it's before you were born?
What am I asking him?
Bob Greacy tried a thing.
But mad dog would remember this.
When they tried to put like windshield wipers on his glasses for playing in a rain.
See, you don't believe me.
I remember that.
Do you?
I was interested then.
Yeah.
You remember it, don't you?
Oh, and stay actually.
I mean, they weren't like windshield wipers, but it was like to have that effect.
Yeah.
He's laughing.
And you know what?
It's a story.
See, that's the reason that Bob Greacy was so great.
He was blind as a bat.
And I maybe you just had a lot of luck.
I don't know.
Anyway, here's the fact that says I want you to know you inspired me to try my life.
I handed my own talk show.
Oh, don't do it, pal.
You don't do it.
I've listened to the video Roger Schroeson in 1996.
I always wanted to do a show of my own.
Finally decided to start my own show this March.
I broadcast a show for my home on Monday night, 7 o'clock on the internet.
It's attached to my site, www.adaboy.com.
That's with these.
Adaboy.
Anyway, the point of this fact is to ask you if you can give me any pointers how to get on a real radio station.
No.
Don't do it.
My book, give me some pointers how to get on a real radio station.
That would be good.
I'd like to get back on one myself.
It says I don't have communications degree.
I do it because it's fun.
My listeners like to show.
If you can, he probably gets more calls than I do.
If you could tell me who I need to get in touch with, I'd be eternally grateful.
Like I said, I love doing my own talk show.
It would be a dream come true.
At least I think it would be to do this is my full time job.
If you have time email me the addresses.
Adaboy.com.
You want to do something with this?
Yeah.
Like wipe your ass with it.
No.
Come on.
No, I got another fact that he wants to wipe his ass with because it's from your least favorite
Phil LeMunkie man.
It's a...
What?
Nothing.
He hates...
Carlos hates you, Phil LeMunkie man.
He hates you.
What's the special reason?
Phil wants to be Carlos and is offering any amount of any money or...
No.
We love being a boy.
We love being a boy.
He plays great.
Sexual favors.
No.
I don't want his sexual favors.
Phil LeMunkie.
He wants your car.
No.
No.
No.
No.
The answer is...
No.
Send a picture though Phil.
Oh he already sent a picture.
The answer is...
No.
No.
No.
No.
He sent you that one of you in your notes and...
No.
No.
No.
He wouldn't touch you with George's hand.
Pirate Neal.
No.
He says, welcome back.
You sound great.
Now, let's see if you suck it around.
Ain't going to help Phil.
You're not going to get a Boeiner Boy's job.
Say hi to Larry Box but the answer is still.
No.
Now that you're here I can fact you with no worries.
Yeah for a couple of days.
I'm not going to be here long, Monkey Man.
Too much monkey business on the factory.
No.
It's like six, seven times a day.
About precious from passions,
he belongs to a friend of mine who's got three chimps that do movies.
Her contract is probably up.
You can only have a primate on a TV show for so long.
Animal rights regulations like...
Marcel from Friends.
What was Marcel?
Hey, Marcel Piel.
She only lasted a season.
I'm sending you some CDs and monkey pictures this week.
Love you Phil LeMunkie Man.
Oh, don't send anything, please.
Okay.
Because the answer is no.
Even if somebody really great looking wanted the Carlos's job,
and you know, offering to do the job at a reduced price,
so yeah, the answer is still,
unless, you know, I mean really good, you know.
They look at Sunday picture.
Well, what are you giving it?
He's going to fight him.
What are you giving me?
Like you're trying to give me...
That's a fighting stance.
He's doing it while you're sitting down
and I can only see these shades, okay?
Because when you stand up and I see all of you,
then I realize how bad you really look.
Now he thinks my Alzheimer's is kicked in.
Like, you know, I was gone too much.
I forgot what a grotesque thing he is.
Doing a great job.
We love you, but you're ugly, okay?
When in, I wasn't the one that called you ugly.
Chuck, that was your good Hispanic buddy sitting there
for four feet away from you, okay?
That was your good partner in slime, your drug buddy.
Your bunk butt buddy.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
I think I'm losing my mind.
Just looking in front of this show, I am.
I'm going to have to go home and watch this.
Now I don't even have a hand.
Like I said, I'll see.
I'm going to watch a record for a dream.
I thought quite a collection now.
Some of my have even seen.
Right.
I got a whole bunch of catching up to one and damn DVDs, man.
A lot of them.
Like, what's the one about the beast?
Sexy beast?
Never saw it.
Waiting for your report.
Oh.
I must have...
And what's the one with the Matt Damon?
Bounty, not bounty hunter.
You have the bounty.
Beauty on your counter.
Now what is it called?
Because it's with a B.
I see it.
More identity.
More identity.
I see it to begin with a B.
That's my word association thing.
I got about six or seven that I haven't watched yet.
Including the one with the...
What's the one with the...
The savages, the cannibals?
Oh, ravenous.
Ravenous.
I watched about ten seconds of that.
Anyways, 151.
I was feeling so bad I was on a high here.
Why did he open the door and stick it...
Shut the door in his face.
We don't let sales people present their past in the room while I'm on here.
Get him out of here.
Peony Lini.
Why do we let him into building?
He's a client now.
I don't give a crap.
We still should let him into building.
Let him stick this stuff under the door.
Okay, we don't want to see him ever again.
He's the loner ranger.
Yeah, he sure is.
Okay.
Remember what happened to him?
I think Toddle got him.
You know what a guy is considering here replacement is the greatest concern is looking human.
How natural it's going to look.
Can other people tell they fall down laughing at your silly piece?
Does it look like a ferret crawled up on your head and died?
You can always spot one of those bad hearances.
But how many good ones go unnoticed because they look like the real thing?
Our good close personal buddy Charles Alfier is designed and supplied hear systems to show
his celebrities for more than 35 years has appeared on a guest in Good Morning America.
The today show CBS Morning News, including his new patented hair system that offers you the most amazing
natural hairline system in the universe.
And right now Charlie is offering his summer special.
The hair system during the summer months only $549 for first time customers.
If you already have a hair system, you can say 50% in service and repair on all types of hair systems,
including shampoo and trim too.
A perfect opportunity to give Charlie a try and save you a lot of cash and get your hair back and look better
and younger than you ever dreamed again.
And here's the guarantee from Chuck Alfier.
He tried one of his hair systems for 30 days.
If you don't love the way it looks and feels, return it for a full refund.
Charles Alfier, he's the benchmark in the industry, can help you look fantastic.
So don't wait another minute called Chuck today and change your life forever.
Call 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413 or log onto that website, Charles Alfier.com.
And my name is Lou.
This is 420L by City.
You will have...
What up?
What up?
You're on your feet.
Wow!
Jackie Weedlefire.
Molly Peek-Up as Ralph and Alice Teekelbott.
And Ed Norton as Moishi Marvel Steve.
Here's the cock-a-mooner.
Well, let's go to the light for work.
I ain't going to work.
What do you mean?
That's what I said.
I ain't going to work.
They're blowing up buses left and right.
You know what it's like driving up and down the Gaza?
Not knowing if you're going to blow up.
You want me to get blown up, Alice?
Huh? You want me to get blown up?
The only thing blown up on you is your puppy.
How'd you like to dance the horror on the moon?
I can dance the horror in your pet.
I know why you're the merry-win-o.
You don't love me.
You never loved me.
You fell in love with my younger cat.
Oh, shut up.
Hey, what'd you say to her, people?
Oh, hi.
What's the matter, pal? Why so gloom?
Ah, she just upset because I don't want to drive the bus no more.
Well, I can't say I blame a ballast.
I mean, my opponent yesterday.
That doesn't mean it's going to happen around.
Don't you understand?
I can't do it anymore.
I'm a skate.
I'm a skate.
We can always join us, penicence of the people.
Ah, maybe a right pal.
But why do I know about taking foxholes?
Just area sandwich.
They'll start digging.
Oh, you're of a high, Alice.
A regular of a high.
Come on, Moishi, let's go.
Yeah, how are I, pal?
Better than it, pal.
Here, your mind is going to take your new lunch box.
I'm going to mitties.
Eesh, what a grouch.
You ain't kidding, pal.
What do you say we take a look at the new lunch box?
I tell you, Moishi, when did he say?
When did he say?
He's banged.
This is whom we're going to look at.
This has been strange.
Enjoyable, but really strange.
I don't mean just today, today, and yesterday.
Strange.
Am I right?
Yeah.
I think we can go to the side that way.
Like an out-of-body experience.
So the man dog is ecstatic with our new schedule here all the way around.
And I think Pharrell is ecstatic here on 6-8, though.
Jo and Mark want to five to six hour back.
The Humper I'm sure is ecstatic working in about three hours, maybe two hours some days.
Maybe no hours on many days for the same pay.
I like it because I got 12 shows to go until we get to that July and August schedule.
Two days a week.
I like that kind of schedule.
Man, dog is thanking me.
He shook my hand.
He said, thank you for teaching me the way you do it more pay and less work.
Absolutely correction.
You aren't going to believe it.
802 votes.
How about that?
And I was going to take this pool down.
802 votes, Booneervoy.
That's got to be a modern record.
That's got to be a post-alion record during the show.
Wait, which queue of personality do you think despises Mojaro David at the most?
802 votes.
Neil 270.
The only 133.
Georgia made within shouting this in some gildies ass.
And 109.
Who's Mojaro David at 90?
Joe Rose 51.
And of course we know that Joe's total went up because of the brilliant performance on Saturday.
And you're supposed to say, absolutely.
He's with lit it.
Absolutely.
Maddog 46.
Hang 41.
Hang some of it up there.
The Beast 32.
Scott for L7.
80K7.
Zach Cran 7.
Beenervoy only 5.
And Joe Costello.
Everybody loves Joe only 4.
Only 4 from Mr. Melo Joe.
So they don't cross over at 5 a.m.?
Not like a little squeeze, a little hug, a little feel, a little pat on the fanny, a little
a have it eye show on a great day.
They mention each other.
But that's it.
Oh no, don't tell me.
Don't tell me that the last gas, the last great hope is going right down to the tubes.
Yes.
Oh.
The man dogs coming up next to the four hank in the studio 4 to 7.
A tough show today.
Hang three solid hours.
He's been training for it.
Then you got the Marlins on deck.
It's 30 Marlins in the Metz game 2705 on QA.
And weather for many.
And weather will for me because in Omaha they're going to play the big,
elimination game, percouple and Texas 8 o'clock tonight on 7.
90 Waxi, any K after the all the baseball stuff and Joe and Mark overnight 2 to 5 in the
morning who don't speak tomorrow.
No more.
Bye bye bye.
Bye.
The meal was your show on classic season in QA.
And my meal for a lot of days.
Hour from Boka, you can kiss my rear end.
