Neil
How are you sir great? Yeah
Me too listen have a great weekend Neil that's it. Well, I don't know what he is
He's got a heavy duty schedule
I got a very busy day. I got a I got a me with some clients. Let's just say you got a big agenda
Yeah big agenda and you know me always trying to make easily money
Yeah, sure yeah, I always try to make them cry
That's me. Yeah, well you do with the things you say about them. Don't forget for well noon to two today
I heard that they had a ponder banjo just now. They're having a Michael Walshrips NASCAR day two and a five victory cars
Gonna be there funny thing is is unless I get to one my initial meetings today
Yeah, I'm gonna be a nap a either way, but I may be a little late because I'm forced
I have no decision making power here. You have all the power. I don't have any right
Well, that's true like I said, oh, there's a man hits the big hand at noon for all will be their nap auto parts
They're censoring you now I heard in Margate you can spin the wheel and win t-shirts and think it's tonight's Panthers
Mario list penguin game the Mario is playing tonight. Yes, he is playing
He's gonna skate first, but he said he's 90 90
98% sure he's 98% 98
Yeah, man, he's at 30 was 98 like I said tonight's Mario. Well, let me lead penguin game
Yeah, you know, and I want to see the young kid the flurry the
Montreal native the kid with all the talent and goal mark flurry. Oh, Ben
Flurry against the Wango that's that's man. That's the future of the league
Well, we'll see if anybody shows up tonight. There's no excuses. It's a Friday night
Yeah, there'll be a lot of people there at least I'm a dolphin game tonight
No, her or whom game tonight what girl school they play? Oh, they're gonna get beat by Tennessee this week
That's bad. Yeah, I think you're right about that. Well, I think the Canes will win but the Dolvins won't they're both playing
In Tennessee. No, canes are gonna lose their bogus. Well, that's right. They're both playing Tennessee aren't they? Yeah
What do you think of the Titans? I?
Don't yeah, I think there's top it's gonna be the dolphins and let's see did the Patriots to squeeze by the Titans, right?
You got me you're like in week three or four. I think they squeeze by in that game they squeeze it
Seven and two baby they're hotter in a pistol. Oh, my I actually don't see any good football games the whole I'm
Brady's got that thing greased up and ready for action. That's what he said I have a lot to explain
Pets and experts relate to that. Yes, but there's always has me greased up and ready for action
Hey, here's another name of another tough game against Navy all the middies. So George says I'm really gonna enjoy what I'm down there for a brief
Time we're gonna enjoy watching you rain ranting and raving up and down the hall while clearance and Duff are running around trying to get you back
in the studio. I can't wait to see you. He's gonna seem Duff in in your studio this morning coming at me like he forgot to eat his pill
Really?
I see you can be careful. Great. He's coming at you. He was crazy
Maybe some guy at the weekend. He's been the fantasy first last week in Key West
Yeah, that's a good one. He gave some guy called up today and said I
He said I say the Lord's name in vain too much and
And I like I don't know went off on him or something and then the next thing I knew man all the duck was rolled without
Oh, I gotta I gotta say this has nothing to do with that
You know the who's the guy that does the trashers games on TV this guy is so bad. Oh, he is horrible
I forgot his watchin
You know the game would he be Buffalo 7 4.5. So I was watching some of that game and unfortunately
He didn't get to see Rick Jenner Red who I love. I'm just saying the kid at Lanark. Yeah, what's his name? The kid?
When he scored a goal he says Matt and a goal is scored and then they hit a penalty shot and a guy
He scored I mean and the goal is scored. I mean he barely even like gets emotional on that goal is scored
What kind of a call is that? I got his name right here
His name's Matt something or another Matt you suck man. You're putting it with he does it with Elliot
What's again? Both of them will be at school. Listen. They're both so bad
I can't remember their names and I worked with them two years ago really ashamed because they got a really exciting great a young team there
But got all my guys really saddest Tampa just give me that and I'll know what on the word is
This is good. You'll know what what is man the announcers in there. I guarantee you one of them's names
Ellie and the other ones names are we at Rodriguez. No, here it is. There's their GN. That lower
Coaching staff. I'm at the ship and Sid by the way
That's not lower. Hey
Did you did you want to this is my father TR right here?
I know you don't care, but say I'm my dad my dad's he already talked to you did last time it was there
Neil how you doing I'm doing great. I accused you of being a Republican on the other guy
All right, they got really the other guy
They weren't everybody fired a kid from Pittsburgh. He's gone. I don't blame them. So they got a guy named JP
Delacamera. Oh brother. Oh
Your life he makes Jackson McDonald's song good. That's ain't a lot. He did big East men's and women's Congress tournament finals
Eight ten basketball women's not awful. What do anybody ever watch the trashers TV telecast your puke your guts up?
Who is he? I've never heard of this guy. JP telecamera. Oh, man. Darren Elliott Darren Elliott is a former player and
He's a great guy and I think he sucks too. Ladies and great guy. He was he was absolutely the worst
And you know I could have done better on TV in Atlanta drunk. Yeah, then they could they were so boring
They were said that's why they got rid of me because I told him like it wasn't he I said I went nuts on the air as you know
Yeah, and these here's the here's the here's the here's the here's the where there was Darren Elliott calling again
You said they were taking it up the ass and it's a good thing Ken was playing
They were losing nine nothing to the doubles one night. I said we were taking it in the ass and
Darren Elliott said at the end when you said that no
It wasn't that was one peg in the in the board, but here's what Darren Elliott said here's Darren Elliott on the same night
Here's what he his analysis of the same game he went
That trashers are really poor checking good in this one, but we're down nine, but we're really hitting a lot of walls
You know he was one of these guys like Howard David
He's like one of these guys like Howard David that spends the entire day shoving D down his throat
Because he's working on the take for the team and he would never want to say here's me
We haven't wanted a month Christ bring me a martini
You know why he was non-Monday Moe because they had an extra kid they had to bring in a forklift
Extriger's tongue from J. Feet lose
His whole head was jammed up in there with disgusted
The old brown
Might of me doing J. Feetlers and nuts do that there we go
What did the balls we're over to is that play the Zat J. Feet Lerms on some of my balls are so slipin
And
Your buddy I'm not allowed to say his name, but he sends every day of his life
He sends an email to J. Feetlers agent saying that
That a feedler shouldn't ever do interviews on this station
You know something that they were waiting so I figured that they really would because J. Feetlers about as important as Dartmouth football
Here we go him and Ross Perot together him guy. Here's actually here's actually J. Feet are talking about Ross Perot's nuts
My balls felt like they were flying on me a little bit
All my balls just kept failing high all my balls can say like another man there what he got a matter of little problem gripping my balls
Made a conscious effort to make sure that all my balls, you know get you know come down
It's not easy when you got most head in the way
Like rip felt a lot better. You know the balls
Absolutely, absolutely, absolutely. I think that's beautiful listen. I got to go listen have a fun time today
Hey, I got a new pool table and we'll be looking for it now what happened with your mattress did the fat floor finally get off his fat
Disgusting ass sleeping on the floor in my mansion and it's just embarrassing Jeff high, you know
He may have gotten me my car deal, but he's been I don't know let me down every time of crap
I need him to start getting some action
What do I get to do over to dial a mattress and work an angle on some lady?
Get the name from George. I just told you how to make my god
My girlfriend's gonna lead me over that
Don't wait for a fat boy to do it if you wait for him
You wait till hell freezes over just do it yourself don't don't take care of what I do with my girlfriend
She's mad because all the chicks want to do me dump her ass don't have a line. You'll have him lined up at nap auto parts
Man, I heard you know stuff by an arid pick up. Yeah, and kind of these are rice making a guest appearance from one to two
And she's gonna actually drive a Michael wall-throbbing Ethel at Chebron today
Okay, wait wait wait, no, here's here's delusional scots order for me at Napa
He wants mobile one synthetic 15 W 50 he wants six to a case lemon and cherry air fresheners
And how about a and how about a hammer to Scott maybe I get Michael Walgreens to blow you
Can I sit on an a radio? Oh, I'm on the show. I can say anything
Yeah, you can see what I think you're right there. We can good luck to you only that
Why are you
Oh, that has really please go away
Find a new way to attack up a big go home and eat your whole homes
Till you explode
Just like your fat fat churned in ladies happy by two seats on a plane
Spilling your fingers that have yellow stain from T2
Can see your toes
That's your thingy who knows
How to be back disgusting and tasty
You make the show
It's women smile
They like a cow
Spad and sassy
Big smelly bad story
Pulse of in mind your body cheese smells like a rapper
After it was occupied by head
As many as you want to get in the air car
Dussard to that damn why
Onkins wheel onkins wheel onkins wheel fat lady
Living with your lover less mean
Slavering and starting the tree between her name
Ashmitato yeast
Smell fishy to me
Laffer the children as voice and tasty
It's 11 after 10 we can't stand that bitch on his show
We don't want to see her no more I think that I rather I rather like kiss mo right on the lips
With a little tongue than ever see Rosie again. I'm sure it's I can't stand that bike
Here's a fact you get us started from Mike who says who asks
Is that LA Times article you read on the US that they posted your website yet
Who was the columnist the comments was Robert sheer who was one of the best comments in America and I've read many of his columns on here over the years right over the last two three years
Yep Robert sheer over the years it's got to be on there ain't it didn't you send it yeah I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure
I'm pretty sure
Anyway it's on there so just look for okay we'll find it
1194 votes we got seven more American soldiers dead in Iraq
But who's counting but who's counting is right it's just and nobody cares anymore that's the problem
It's like oh we can't even be bothered reporting that because Rosie's lawsuits getting really tense now and she's making a lot of comments out there
In front of the courthouse and the Lacey Peterson and Scott Peterson things getting really heated up again and then we got the sniper trials
Flashclad police officers demonstrated how a sniper could see we got that all whipped up again now with John Mohamed and Lee Melvo Schwartz all of that stuff going
So who the hell is that time for a few more dead American troops you know
It's really tragic man it's really very sad and when you especially those of us who live through the whole thing in Vietnam the first time
And 58,000 American kids came home in body bags and now it's adding up you know first it was like one a day and two a day
And then of course we had 16 which turned out to be 19 and now we got seven overnight now it's like in clumps and bunches
And the numbers starting to add up real real fast like over 400
But nobody cares that's the best part of the whole deal is except for those people that like directly involved or like
And nobody cares losing their businesses losing their lives right let me say it again the American public doesn't care they got bigger fish to fry
1013 at 560 WDQAM let me tell you about a place where you have a great time tonight and all weekend
Four nights a week live harness racing at Pompedo Park I bet your fat rich will be there tonight plunging his guts up
He'll be there venting the one over the 278 and the four over the 789 you'll see new post time for the harness races at Pompedo Park
7.05 p.m. four nights a week Monday Wednesday Friday like the night and every Saturday and the poker room is open from noon to midnight every live racing day in other words four nights a week at Pompedo Park
Pompedo is also got your great simulcasting every day a night seven days a week with the best and harness, their bread and highlight action from all across North America for you to watch and plunge your guts on
And don't forget general parking and general admission always free like always at Pompedo Park
That gives you points for either betting the horses or playing poker that you can meet him for special gifts and betting vouchers too every Wednesday at Pompedo Park is dollar night dollar draft beers hot dogs
So does much more and don't forget the good news is the top of the park restaurant with that fine dining on the sixth floor is now open for the remainder of the
Winter in spring meet okay plunger guts at Pompedo Park a blast out of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the new racing schedule you can call 9.5.4
9.7.2.2000 or go on the worldwide wicked web at pompedo park dot com
My life and love this is 4.256
It's not fact in the church this whole thing is one big mess just go ahead and start from the beginning
Father well the month senior here calls me and says that I should set aside an afternoon and molest the kids some time
He said they needed to learn more about breeding I see is that what happened no way I said he should set aside some time to invest in the kids reading reading not breeding sounds like another miscommunication because of cellular static you should have been using
Sprint Sprint PCS is the all-digital crystal clear cellular network sprint could have avoided something like this well I do like to look on the bright side how's that if I've been on the sprint network I would have never discovered but
Good because you'll need them where you're going 4000 minutes for 39 99 from sprint PCS
1018 at 560 W.D.Q. I'm happy Friday to you now
Why did you affect me this great pool from Sean and Hollywood again for the second day in roses because if you don't
It's what on the air he'll just keep fixing it every day
Well, I got it and it's a great pool and I'll get to it one of these days very soon not today
It's a wonderful pool. It's very long and complicated and I like it a lot and Sean I thank you for all your great
Facts as you one of our best factors, but don't get pushy Sean. You know what I'm saying? We don't like pushy on this show
I already got it in my pile of poles and my pool pile
No, I do I got a pile of poles here for future reference and that's what I've been here is it's a good one
But they look at around when I'm good and ready so back off a little bit Sean. Okay. Just back off ease back a couple of yards from the radio and
I see so it says on your mirror is questionable for tonight Scott what show you're saying he's gonna play probably
No, that's what Scott said. Oh, I don't think I know what the hell does he know he's too busy going to jail now
Love 194 votes who is in fact?
It'll be great. Maybe I have those straight the straight suit on there when he shows up at Napa Auto Parts
That'd be a different spin on it
Don't forget noon today Scott Farrell is gonna be a Napa Auto Parts
Merrill and Miguel right right and boy do they smell Napa Auto Parts
1911 North St. Roads 7 and market where they're having a grand opening spin the wheel the QM wheel spin the wheel
and
And when T-shirts and tickets tonight's Panthers game against the penguins which Merrill looks like it's gonna play
I forgot to tell for all to say hi to my client tonight. They penguin panther game
Scott I'm sure he will what oh did you ever get the tickets tonight's game or not no John didn't call me back. Oh good
Yeah, follows instructions well, I didn't tell him that it just they maybe don't care
Maybe as it figures you getting a little bit too pushy Scott's gonna get him out of the front step
What is it he's gonna go camp out on the front step there? Yeah, sure he won't be there
Yeah, 1194 votes on yesterday's pool who is or was the biggest Julie Yahoo of them all and if you want to see him
Not nice. I'm actually drooling on there, but if anybody missed it yesterday on earroges.com you must
You absolutely must it'll be probably the highlight of your weekend
Go to your roger's dot com and click on where it's a shows George W's push there and WMD countdown weapons of mass destruction
That's one of the all-time best in fact that could be like a hobby
You could just sit there and watch that for hours
I wanted on a plasma all I hear and he he's keen to precious on passions make no man
He's part of the family they're in the same family tree and he's like moving his head side to side and pressing his lips and
Just doing a bunch of amazing things and you can actually watch the second
Continued to count away on a weapon of mass destruction
Search countdown to beautiful thing anyway
That's a hint for the winner of our poor yesterday hands down the biggest Julie Yahoo of them all George W
Bush 429 votes a 436% of this crowd say he's a Julie Yahoo and that's one of the best things we can say about him
A dead ass tie look at that well it has changed since then, but who cares?
Jesse Hemson strong thermon when I printed this out had 135 apiece and I think that's
appropriate, don't you?
Dr. Phil a very respectable fourth place 88 votes
Terry Bowden oh, I'm so proud of this audience. Terry Bowden 42 must have got some of the sports nerds
Casting their votes
Terry Bowden who definitely was not born the conventional way. He crawled out from under a rock somewhere
Steve Spurrier 39 Toby key 34 James Carville's god
Jimmy Swagger 29 John rocker old John rocker and Billy Carter tied 26 apiece both from Joja or at least they both
Dittled around in Joja
Most used to pee all over the place in Joja
Terry branch on Ross per O 22 apiece judge Roy Moore 20
Don I miss 18 trend lock 15 Tammy Fei in Newt, Gingrich 11 apiece
George Wallace 10 less to Maddox 8 bum Phillips and LBJ M
M8
Robert bird and Orville Fava seven apiece earnest angelie five
Junior samples woman else in jury Jones had three apiece out of about 1200 votes on yesterday's poll
Drulling Yahoo's and L president. They led the way by a million miles by not even a contest
Here's the bad news US military officials say US Army black hawk helicopter crashed today near to Crete the North Central Iraqi city
Which is both the hometown of Sodom who's saying and the place where he's been suspected of hiding out
Six soldiers killed in the helicopter and now it says the accident, but there was no accident. It was a um
It was an accident, but somebody got hurt. Oh is that it?
Unlike the godfather was an accident nobody got hurt
Which is the third for US troops in less than two weeks all of the dead from the 101st Airborne
Uh, it was in our PG a rocket propeller grenade. There's a little question about that
Uh, helicopter went down about 9.40 a.m. of bagged that time on a river back along with tag-risk river
And also there was another American soldier killed uh in an araca attack on near the Mosul hotel
Two others injured
So the numbers just keep going up and up and up and of course one has to wonder
What is it that we're doing there and why are these people dying and what is this all about and when the hell is it ever
And then how much more money are we're gonna keep pumping in there and what kind of bull crap and where the hell are the American people and where's the democratic party
Where's the real outrage and where's the psychosis and where's the uh, you know
Didn't they just rubber stamp the eighty seven billion dollar gift yes, not loan gift and they just get through doing that
So maybe some of the candidates occasionally muster a little bit of a ball. Maybe one like drops
Drop there. It is that's the one
briefly, but that's about it
And former prisoner war Jessica Lynn says there was no reason for her rescue from an arachia hospital last April to have been filmed
This is while she's peddling her book in an interview for ABC's prime time the 20-year-old
former army supply clerks says the US military used her capture and rescue to boost public support for the war
They used me as a way to symbolize all this stuff said lynch and it's wrong
She's doing a series of videos to build her book. I am a soldier too and
An extra printed in New York David news revealed that medical evidence suggests she was raped while held prisoner
Which we totally yesterday, but she says it's all a bunch of crap. Why the hell movie? They're using me to try to like
Goose up in other words. They're lying through their teeth
So there she is telling you that any of the the apologists are gonna go like that
Now what what is this thing that you just fact me don't mention the derivative I think the article I guess
An article of what clothing
I don't I don't have time to dittle with that anyway
Here's the first poll we're taking today and where was that the facts I had yesterday
About can anybody here it is
Pretty out of the show you sent me this I can't believe says some facts are anonymous
I can't believe that anyone is seriously talking about Hillary Clinton running for president
And this is when I read that little bird about how she's a if she throws her hat in a ring or her
Berser in the out on the floor. Yeah, that she beats the other democratic contenders hands down
She got like what was it 43% some ridiculous total crazy
Anyway, the fact she says does anybody with a brain thing she's gonna stand a chance against the republican slime machine
They're the ones who wanted to run. She's too polarizing like Madonna people lover or hate her
Besides I think Hillary's very happy with a position of president prone where she can distretely wield her power
Influence the relative anonymity of the senate. Who's this guy kidding? Huh?
All of this talk about Hillary running at her connection with Clark is from the GOP propaganda machine
They're peeing their pants over Clark because he exposes number two for what he is a spoiled coward who likes to play dress up
Whatever that means
You understand what that mean. No, I don't um they're peeing under pants over Wesley Clark
Well, if that's the case they must be the only ones doing it because he just didn't seem to have generated this tremendous amount of enthusiasm
At the deli den and at the rascal house, right? He was offering free pickles and coleslaw
They enjoyed that the eight k's see what he doesn't understand the democrats are gonna get all their votes
Anyways, it's kind of like preaching to the choir
To be hanging out at the deli den. Maybe who is just polishing his bill crap you think maybe
Uh, he leaves me limp, you know in the beginning
I was a little bit excited because you know that whole thing about the ex general and all of this and he looks pretty good
And he's articulate fairly but there's nothing there. There's no substance
Right and he is uh, he ain't got nothing going there, but at any rate 20 soon. We'll see
So here's the poll we're taking the first poll if Hillary Clinton ran for president which democrat would you prefer?
Hillary how are Dean Wesley Clark outsharp and Carol mostly brawn jotted words zick abhard two Lieberman john carry Dennis
Kissinich don't care. I'm for bush or don't give a crap
Got it all covered there, right? Okay didn't leave nobody out
If Hillary ran for president which democrat would you prefer Hillary how are Dean Wesley Clark outsharp and Carol
Mostly brawn john and words dick abhard two Lieberman john carry Dennis
Kissinich don't care. I'm for bush or don't give a flying crap
Here's something you ought to give a crap about how the potty ex GMC was voted the number one
Potty ex GMC dealer and date county and customer satisfaction. I know Tom livin and Joe Prieta pretty excited about it
And they want to thank you all their loyal customers for your long standing support for over 35 amazing years
Right now is a good time to stop by how the potty act and check out the potty act vibe
Normally retails for over 20 grand but you can buy it fully loaded right now at howlet potty ex GMC for just
16,500 bucks plus tax in tag
Howlots your truck headquarters with over 300 to choose from right now as I speak including the Yukon and the Yukon and coming soon
The new envoy SUV the most unique SUV on a market a real gas guzzler. I'm sure you can get that big $100,000 tax
So the firm at what is it exemption?
Great Neil deals waiting for you every day at howlet potty ex GMC in fact it's howlet potty act potty ex GMC
This is a nice piece of copy by the way
13401 soft dixie highway that's US one across from the falls across from the falls
Open every day seven days a week for more info on a special spectacular unbeatable
Neal deals you know what they do call the Near Rogers Neal deal hotline toll free one
Tribal 8 534 4121 that's one Tribal 8 534 4121
No, forget all all pre-subtivated credit approval see the nice friendly folks at howlet potty
tells howlet potty at GMC unlike the anxious bylaisonberg they are professional grave
All kibmen stars in the human stain
Yes, the human stain
The spelling of sportage on the sheets about a woman who even drives a sportage
He tried everything from cheer to all and she could not remove the human stain
Under your there soon to see a film called the human stain
And if she lived in Michigan she lived in portage, I think it's uh look at that the pull is up and so far
Hillary and Howard Dean got three of peace just the early returns. There's a smattering of vote on there
But it's up you can bang on it
Here's the facts. I can't read that at the bottom from bill and what what does that say bill and
Yeah, Bill and so urban beach they says ormon pizza could be it I can't read it
Work on your handwriting girl. He's crawled it fast. He wasn't hurry
He says the best way them all yesterday in New York times marine down piece. Please read it. Okay. I'm easy. All right
Our second poll by the way is going to be a movie poll and I was inspired on that uh by a thing
What do I do with my thing? I don't want to get another great thing too about bush
And we had this on a few days ago, but I got to read it's not long
Bush no longer been controlled as Chinese hawks hijack foreign policy
Important moly or important. I know you're very excited about it
See I do people are waiting for the big WT
So you can all bail out of Dave County and head for Broward
Then good thing. I'm not gonna be there. Wow
Forever flicks. What's your favorite hangout movie is a thing that ABC news is doing this was good morning America
In other words, the movie you could watch a million times and never get tired of it
So what the pull I'm gonna take later on is a little spin off on it and we've done we never did this exact poll
Love you only had one tape or DVD movie that you could watch over and over again
What would it be now? Of course that
Now we'll get a little bit ponderous, but nevertheless right right you're gonna be on the Nileland pick your stranded on a desert island
There was only one DVD and you had like a
I don't know where you get your power to watch it, but just assuming you know it says for fun when we'll get right down right's death that be loud
In yesterday's New York times who can blame poor president Bush look at his terrible dilemma
There are those who say the chief executive should have come out of his Texas ranch house and articulated and then asswashed the
Sorrow and outrage and anxiety the nation was feeling on Sunday after the deadliest day in Iraq in seven months
An attack on a Chinook helicopter to kill 15 Americans soldiers 13 men and two women and wounded 21
There are those who say mr. Bush had emulated Rudy Giuliani's empathetic leadership after 9-11 or dads in the first Gulf war
And attended some of the funerals of the 379 Americans killed in Iraq or one
Maybe the one for specialist Gerald Dent the 21-year-old National Guard officer from Washington who died outside Baghdad late August when a bomb struck his truck
While he was delivering mail to his troops
His funeral was how the debat is church three miles from the White House
But let's look at it from the president's point of view if he grieves more publicly or concretely
If he addresses every instance of bad news like the hideous specter of Iraq
He's celebrating the downing of the Chinook he'll simply remind people of what's really going on in Iraq
So it's understandable why going into his reelection campaign mr. Bush wouldn't want to underscore that young Americans keep getting whacked over there
And we don't know who's doing it or how to stop it
The White House is cleverly trying to distance mr. Bush from the messy problem of flesh and blood soldiers with real names dying nearly every day
While linking him to the heroic task of fighting global terror
It's better to keep it vague to talk about the important cause and the brave defenders of liberty
If he gets more explicit or allows the flag-rape coffins of fallen heroes to be photographed coming home
It'll just remind people that the administration said this will be easy and it's teeth grindingly hard
And that the administration vowed to get Osama and sob the Sodom and WMD in hezant
And that the Bush team that had presence of al-Qaeda in Iraq has now created an al-Qaeda presence in Iraq
And that there was no decent plan for the occupation or for financing one no plan for rotating or supporting troops threats too thin to guard ammunition caches or
Police of fractured society and no plan for getting out
As the White House points out mr. Bush cannot fairly pick and choose which memorial services to go to or which deaths to speak of
If a helicopter were hit an hour later after he came out in the spoke shoot he come out again
Then Bartlett the White House communications director told the time's Elizabeth Bumiller explaining mr. Bush's silence after the chino crash
The public he had had wants the commander in chief to have proper perspective and keep his eye on the big picture and the ball
The ball for fall is fundraising
President Bush has been going full throttle since summer spending several days week flying around the country
Hitting our virtual publicans for $2,000 checks
He's raised $90 million so far out of 175 any plants to spend on a primary campaign in which he has no opponent
At fundraisers mr. Bush prefers to talk about the uptick in the economy not the downtick in Iraq
On Monday arriving for a fundraiser in Birmingham. He was upbeat not somber
As Mike Allen the Washington Post reported in his pool report
The president who gave his usual salute as he stepped off remain one appeared to start today in a fabulous mood
An Alabama reporter who was under the wing shouted how long will you as troops be in Iraq the president gave him an unappreciative look
Raising 1.8 million dollars at lunch. He stuck the line that we are aggressively striking the terrorist in Iraq defeating them there
So will not have to face them in our own country
He didn't want to depress the donors by mentioning the big news story the loss of 15 American soldiers or sour the mood by
Conceiting the obvious that the swelling hoard of terrorists fighting us there will not prevent terrorists from coming after us here
Maybe we should all be like president Bush and not read the papers so we don't get worn down either
Perhaps the solution to mr. Bush's quant co-quandries to coordinate his schedule so we can go to cities where he can attend both fundraisers and funnels
The law of averages suggested shouldn't be hard
That's marine doubt that's not be lobbyist. Please New York times it's honorable
How's that pull come on Howard Dean Hillary look at that neck and neck nose to nose wow I pulled you
I'm gonna get that facts. I can't believe that anybody seriously. Well, I'm not I didn't vote for her, but I'm just talking there she is
I don't call or Dean 14 Hillary Clinton 13 old number 13 Danny boy
Wesley Clark six. I don't give her crap five. I don't care. I'm from Bush three
John Kerry two Jew Lieberman one that is Cassinich one
None yet zero for Al Sharpen. Caram mostly bronze on Edwards and Dick hip-hardt over the first 45 vote on our survey
Here's a call from Miramar. Hello
Yeah, I know man pretty good sir. Hey listen. I pick out my foot over that bush my spare. I'll tell you what I do
Um, I was gonna ask you the 101st airborne when they initially went to die right
Were they the initial soldiers to get in there and fight? I think
Yeah, how many since uh, how many of those guys have died since
The Bushmasters said a lot at the end of the road a lot
Yeah, it's sad, man
Anyway, thanks now okay, and you know, and uh, you know, we consider talking about it
But there there's no and now what we're doing is send at 85,000 more troops than 100,000 replacement troops with Marines next year and all this other crap
Well, when is it ever end?
This is just like Vietnam when people said that in the beginning of the night. That's that's a little over the top
Even I'm not gonna go along with that, but it's like the same crap all over again just low
In fact in Vietnam first we sent advisors right
So-called advisors, you know, right
And then all of a sudden advisors became a few troops then became a lot of troops
Then it became enormous numbers of troops and it was so similar because
Uh, a lot of us kept asking what are we doing there? Why are we there? What are we fighting for who are we fighting?
We can't tell who the enemy is which I'm reading that every day now about Iraq
We can't really tell who the enemy is and what is it all about? What's the end game?
What's the plan? What's the point? Where's the beef? You know, and there are no answers to these questions
Which is why he always keeps coming back to that bull crap about this is what we have to do to fight terrorism
Iraq had nothing to do with terrorism in fact
There's a lot more terrorism going on now now there than there ever was before ever
So all we did and I remember those ads which everybody conveniently forgets with their CA their convenient Alzheimer's
Remember the ads are like right after 9-11
That some people in New York times and Washington post and there was a picture of Osama saying come on now
Georgie go into Iraq and whip up all the terrorists in all of them takes all of and now he's rubbing his hands together
Wherever he is on his dialysis machine whack the hornet's best
That's right. They whack the hornet's nest and they stir it up all the loom things who are coming into Iraq from a Syria and everywhere
They can every direction
East West North and South and
It's a nightmare. It's a quagmire
And there is no exit strategy. There's no concept. It's obvious right and when you and when you get to that thing
Which I'm I am going to read it
About Bush no longer in control as Chinese hawks hijack foreign policy when you realize that it's a small handful of lunatics
Who run in a country now call wolf wits and Richard purle and all these other grave robbers and the cheney and it bushes
Just a face man, which is pretty scary to begin with with that alfredi Newman look
Uh, and the public is sitting back and buying into this
Well, what are you thinking about?
The media is American public thinking about
It's one thing to die for your country but to die for nothing to be a human sacrifice. How can anybody support that
Howardine 25 Hillary 23 we got a battle. I told you it's like uh aledare and affirmed
Wesley Clark 9 don't care. I'm from Bush 7. Don't give her crap 7
Al Sharpton 4 John Kerry 2 Dennis Cassinan disappear dick hip-harts 1 julie marines got one
No votes yet for john Edwards or curl mostly brought how about if john Edwards promises to cross over with us and let us talk to some dead folks
Huh that soldiers come on
10 41 at 5 60 WQM if you're looking to replace that tired old carpeting in your home. Let me tell you about laminets
They're the easy low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring which cost you an arm in six legs
Laminets are us is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from period or pergol Wilson our uniform and quick step and all of laminets
Or else flooring is installed by people who read and know their craft pergol certified installers
Another real good reason you ought to be called laminets or else is their prices are so low
You just absolutely won't believe it right now you can get their fall special for just 1495 bucks
Let me say it again just 1495 dollars gets you up to
295 square feet of beautiful lamina wood flooring unmaxable and laminets or else will match any legitimate ridden offer
So for a free and homostime and no obligation call laminets or us two day tool free and tell them that crusty old Neil toy to decal
1 877 777 3336 they make it so easy. It's got to be an operation refuse free carpet disposal
free furniture moving a 25 year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy care lamina wood flooring
Call them today toll free laminets or us at 1 877 777 3336
We're sports radio 5c
Q a n
You
Chuck it or did he cock it? I just don't think we can afford to improve education and provide health care and protect the environment all of the things that I campaigned on
I am in tandem on being the best young man that I can be it's a little confusing isn't it my husband will be going on
I know to do other people
Thousands and thousands of people across New York and lots of friends around the country. I certainly intend to overlook that
1045 and we should have two he should still be in there. Let's put him back in and start all over again
What are you saying all right? Let's dig bubble back in here. Let's do away. You know they're trying to do away with this thing about
You know American born native born of being present so they can try to run Arnold in 88
I'm sure that or to whatever to you in 1988
In 2008 and wouldn't that be something so we can put like a son of a Nazi in there son of a bitch
But I say we if we can repeal that let's have a constitutional moment to make the president loud
Like at least three four five terms sure
Imagine all the of blue dresses. I'm good for the dry cleaning business
If Hillary Clinton ran for president which Democrat would you prefer Howard Dean 32 Hillary Clinton's God
30 she's right on Howard's ass
And of course at this point the way things have been going for her last year. She's probably hop on anybody's ass
I hear she's got a look at that. Let's say it again. Howard Dean 34 Hillary 31 just changed again
Wesley card 14 don't give her crap nine don't care. I'm for Bush 8
Everybody else small potatoes seven for sharp and three for Carrie two a three for Cassini
One forgive heart one for Lieberman and Carol Mosley brought in Jordan words
Got none out of a hundred love boats. They got the big none zip it. He do dot
Don't let me forget to read that thing. Okay. Here's Bokeh. Hello. Hi Neil. How are you? Okay?
One click question. Where did you read that that show that you played over the air? Where was that from?
CBC
Is there any way I can get a transcript like on the internet?
Yes, CBC dot C.A. slash fifth fifth estate FIFT H
Okay, and read the lines of George that he was by David Corn a great book. Okay. I got in the other room
Thanks. I got it sitting on the floor. I got a whole bunch of books. I got to read speaking David Corn
I got a good article by him about and coter that nasty smelly bitch don't forget about that
Huh? Don't forget. No, but I got to get to this one first. Okay. This is more important stuff
And I wish now somebody was listening who ramey and the other a few out of one insult to a lot of audiences a few out there
Give a crap about something more than ball games and crap like that, but they don't they just don't
That's why it's so sad that that piece was on the CBC and not one of the American networks or at least even PBS
Which the CBC fifth estate puts frontline on PBS to shame is no comparison
no contest
In fact, it was the CBC that that piece about the the Patriot missiles remember that?
Yeah, and in fact that they didn't hit one scud back in a good girl for one didn't knock down one scud
And the Israeli said are you people kidding for crying out loud those things aren't worth a crap
But the rathian people liked it because they're making millions and millions of dollars peddling them and they're still selling them
The Patriot missile it's gonna take out those scuds it now
Anyway, Bush no longer in control is Chinese hawks hijack foreign policy. This was in the Sydney morning hero Sydney, Australia
a couple of days ago
A former Pentagon officer turned whistleblowers as a group of hawks in the Bush administration including the vice president Dictini
Is running a shadow foreign policy
Contra-feeding Washington's official line
What these people are doing now makes Iran contra
Look like amateur hour. It's worse than Iran contra worse than what happened in Vietnam said Karen Kriot Kowski a former Air Force Lieutenant Colonel
President Bush isn't in control
The country's been hijacked. He said describing how key governmental areas of neo-conservative concern were politically staffed
Miss Kriot Kowski who retired this year after 20 years of service was a mid-least specialist in the office of under secretary of defense for policy headed by Douglas
Fight
She described a subversion of constitution limits on executive power and co-ad of
Optation to the seat of large segment of the Congress adding that in order to take that first step Iraq
Lies had to be told to Congress to bring them on board
Well, if I can interrupt this reading momentarily you notice Richard Pearl now is making noise in the
Carrying out about Iran now he's back on that again about it's a hotbed for terrorism and he's rattling the spirit again about Iran
But I couldn't hide
Miss Kriot Kowski said the pursuit of national security decisions often bypass civil service and active duty military professionals
And was handled instead by political appointees who shared common ideological ties
There was speculation this year that such an ideologue group had emerged and that it was behind the US attack on an Iraqi convoy in Syria in June
The New York Times quoted Patrick Lang a former senior defense intelligence agency official is saying that many in the government
Believe that the incursion was an effort by ideologues to disrupt cooperation between the US and Syria
Miss Kriot Kowski said there was an extra governmental network operating outside normal structures and practices
A network of political appointees and key positions who felt they needed to take some action and to make things happen in foreign affairs national security way
She said Pentagon personnel and the DIA were pressured to favorably alter assessments and reports
In a separate interview
Chalmers Johnson and authority on US policy said that the administration's neo-conservatives had an effect seized power from Mr. Bush
Dr. Johnson said the neo-conservatives had pursued an agenda outlined in the controversial
1992 defense planning guidance that document drawn up in the direction of mr. Cheney when he was defense secretary said the world's only super power should not be cautious about asserting its power
Are you like that? So the chicken hocks are running the roost
yeah
Richard Pearl again like I said micken all kinds of noise
Papapa ran and there are a hotbed of
Hezbollah and
Hamas and ma'amah all this other crap
Well, we ought to be able to spread ourselves a little bit thinner
I don't think we don't have enough troops to carry the thing on an Iraq which we don't know what the hell we're doing
We're either one of them are we're gonna go down so what's our ran?
I mean, that's kind of like a small little country, right? Sure
They'll greet us as heroes remember that's right and of course they'll bring us all kinds of candy and hollivather to those Muslims
Gochemata heads
Howard Deans got 40 Hillary's got 36
West Clark 18 and
Everybody else single digits. It's really a two horse race and Westlake Clark's kind of like the dark horse when you say
Is he so dark?
well
Compared to you my pasty friend
Here's coconut Creek hello
Hello now. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was president
mentioned about with most said this morning about you and also
Just then on young young Paul and Ron bruski there. Yeah
But Paul said about rating your show. We said that Tony Bruno and I don't really care what Paul had to say
We're not we're not interested
Most said that we call it Amsterdam, Toronto and boy joy, Joe suck
And he says you've been wearing the same clothes for like over 30 years. Yeah, and
And
He's turning the radio here the son of his own voice
That's the old cockarigan. That's most audience man
That's your crowd mo over the age of death you're you can relate to him guys. We's in his bag right now and most said this and you know
Thanks for listening by the way to top rating the eruditor on QAem sir you old fart you disgusting old bastard you
Yeah, that's the kind of it's listening to them all
You'd like an overgrown child. We're sitting here the goddamn world is going to hell on a hand basket
And of course this guy don't care about that. He's too busy being a yintha. He's like a light bulb kind of a person
Now let's see. I can't I can't read this because it's printed over something here like from Howard somebody but not old watermark
Something about these young merkins downing daily and you know to I find myself becoming irritated about the fact that our something is put together
85 billion dollars to be built the area
Hold up the money until those respawn. Oh yeah, right. Let's hold up the money until those responsible for the attacks on our troops are cut and punished
Plus those attacks will stop right. Let's hold up the money. That'll do it
You don't get it do you just don't have a got a clue
Anyway, here's this thing favorite flicks doesn't have any names of any movies on here
They'll want to say be sitting it does give you a chance to vote
So if you have a favorite movie you'd like to slap into the DVD. Oh, it does have names of movies
I say or vc are over and over again. Can you watch it a million times never get tired of it?
Whether it's animal house caddy shackred little mermaid the little mermaid
Give me a break. We want to hear why you love to watch it over and over again
Does it make you feel happy and safe is like all is well with the world
Or does it make you feel inspired and strong or maybe fired up and pissed off
That's another one that they want to put on a vc
I'm good morning America because that's uh out of their league. You know, they don't want to say pissed off and fired up
Pissed off gets me fired up when I hear someone say that exactly
So there you go
So we got some more dead American kids over there
And this guy's worried about what the Paul and old Ron said and what most said this morning about his
Colostomy bag
45 votes for Mohaward. I mean for Howard Dean
Hillary Clinton 38
Look at that Mohaward D you see these see the relationship there? Absolutely
Hmm
Wesley Clark 18 13 don't give a crap don't care. I'm from Bush 11 at 7.6% who still don't get it
Al Sharpton 9 Dennis Kacena's 4 John Kerry 3
Carol Mosley Braun finally got one Dick Edwards got one nobody seen it yet
Julie Berman's got one and four John Edwards he can't cross over
144 votes and he's got none for poor John Edwards
That Julie Yahoo from North Carolina
Who are you to come down here in the South and tell us all about them confederate?
Flag who you come down here and tell us what we should think huh
You uh, old shoe boy. What do you know what you're from from months? So it's close enough close to New York
Here's a call from Miami. I'm on a wrong line. Look at that. There's nobody up. That was a for two of this piece of luck
Here's Miami. Hello
Hello. Yes sir. Neil. Uh-huh. Hey, put one down for Hillary for me. Will you? No, okay
Here's a call from Coral Gables. It's probably that same moron again. Hello. Yeah, that is
Collier
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. I might just do a lot of reading today. You know because they've got nothing to say this weekend
Find my name. Here's uh Miami. Hello
Neil. Yes sir. Good morning. Wait. It's to you. Um, I have to be concerned with this Iraq war
My first concern obviously is that we're losing on average two soldiers a day
This can turn out to be uh
A career a career over again with the big difference being that we're going to be losing soldiers because
I mean we're embedded in that country without we don't know what to do. I don't like that word. Don't say either do I let me tell you something
I was embedded too and how he's dead. They've used it so much in the media that I'm you know
Not now my second concern is that
We're this administration supposedly saying that it's for security reasons which is not and then they're saying that we're there to democratize the country
Which is not because if we truly have a faithful and good uh, you know more out which is not what are we doing supporting Saudi Arabia
It seems to me that hypocrisy is finally on this administration. It's faith and what my biggest concern is that there seems to be little hope for the future
I mean look where they're going to be holding the first presidential debate next year. Did you hear that right here university?
Miami yep
Amazing
It's a pretty bit upset because Howard Dean's gonna say I got balls and she's not gonna like that. I knew
Pretty for that. I can't wait. I'm saying to brok her right now. Good luck to you pali hang in there my ruchha taught her no
But rapery the goyum
Why the you bastard
I
Brought don't get it because if you do forget it and price don't get it when you do your done and price don't get it
Because if you do forget it and price don't get it
When you do you
If you see it's for them run oh my god
Every let I need an inspection
Oh
Got no stars
From those sports I don't want to want to want to want to want to even go out
111560 wq and we got the mad dog coming up to this afternoon. What's that schedule look like?
Let me peruse it you got the the Humper 4 to 7 tree solid hour today
Extra fighting mean oh, but that's I take that back because he's got the Dave wants that you want tape between five and six
So it's tough to our show for the Humper today
Pantheon preview at seven seven thirty to penguins at the pantheon's mario may play tonight depending on how he feels in escape
And whether it's things that look you know if there's more than five people in the house
Any came from Vegas 10 o'clock after the hockey game and ESPN radio overnight. That's our schedule. Don't forget the forl
Noon to two today
Whether permitting at napa auto parts 1911 North state road seven and margit. He'll have our best and Neil merchant nice and
You can spin the wheel to win t-shirts and tickets to the night's panther game
Maybe that old cocker that calls up her be did it was listen to his old voice. You want to know why he does that?
Why because when he turns up the radio and he hears the sound of his own voice. He knows he's still alive
10 post offices close over
Antracks scare
We did a really good job on that too, you know, I just finding Osama and mullabula Omar and Sodom and all of those
But we did a hell of a job and finding we don't have the anthrax perpetrator yet
But we do have a person of interest whose life we did a dangling job of destroying
Stevens got a handful of anthrax we think. Remember Steven. I got a hat full sure
Postal officials announced last night that 10 neighborhood post offices in the Washington area will not be open today
Calling the movie precautionary measure prompted by the possible detection of
anthrax
Boars in a melee a male sorting facility at the anacostia naval station
The decision by the West Postal Service came hours after the Navy confirmed that a censor in a male sorting machine
Athenable station detected the presence of anthrax for as Wednesday
A subsequent analization done it for deepric also tested positive for
The definite fighting will not be available for several days commander Conrad Chun a Navy spokesman said last night
No relation to Connie Chung
We don't know what we've got here Chun set emphasizing the preliminary nature of the information
We're not even sure that there's any anthrax but as a precaution
The federal centers for disease control and prevention recommended that the five workers who were in a facility when sensors went on
Off start taking antibiotics Chun said
I'm things must be bad at Bayard aren't there ones that make sip road and we decide that they make it oh, I forgot well
I must be really make
Alcassal sir and oh they don't make levy Quinn
Which is the only reason I'm taking in fact I would let my ear faster if I would have had to take something at Bayer made
I'd rather have my ear chopped off
Or I could have just go to chop chop square in Saudi Arabia and re-od
Aside from closing the neighborhood postal offices the postal service last night also closed
It's the Sully on V street northeast which processes government mail postal officials also stressed they were airing on the side of caution
We have no reason to believe that anyone's at risk oh my god said during McEuron a postal service spokesman
The mail handling facility at the naval station is also closed because they're a little bit concerned about anthrax
Nobody the other yet
No reason to panic quite yet. Just mention that in passing
Okay, if you only had one movie because we'll keep the other pull up there till noon. What do you say? Okay?
On the president on the Democratic candidate
If you only had one tape or DVD that you could watch like on a desert island over and over again
What would it be? I got three here godfather godfather two and network those are the only three I put down I added
Yes a clock recording a clockwork orange is good
Okay
Where's most of the people are a little bit too dim to put that down?
If Hillary were running for president which Democrat would you prefer Hillary's got 53 oh my god
Hillary just moved in the first place she just took a lead there the top of the stretch
She stuck on those in front how are dean 50
Wesley Clark 21 don't care on for bush 17 9.2 percent bushies
Idiots
Don't give a crap 17. Oh, there's somebody almost there's dumb as a president. There's Prince Charles
There's some rumor about how he's involved in some scandal but he discussed nor disclosed because of a high court injunction blocking publication in the UK
But ever all family they sure got some problems, you know
God
Anyway, don't give a crap which I think is appropriate for that 17 in fact Prince Charles Ross Perot
All these people with a big years and double
Hey president thing same brother you mentioned it
Al sharp in nine John Kerry six Dennis goodson. It's five speaking of gigantic years that I'm bad
You know everything he says is great. I wish I wish he had some kind of a chance
But he is his hairpiece makes Mo look like Brad Pitt. I mean come on
Have you seen that thing though?
It's like it's like a bunch of black
Patches like from an old paramose pants
Just like glued together and stuck on his head. I mean I never say anything like that in my life. I'm sure you've seen black patches
Jewelieberman two. I'm sure you have big head harder pair Carol mostly brawn one and John Edwards out of 183 votes
He's kicking ass his own. He still don't have one. He still hasn't got a vote
I don't want to oh come on somebody please vote for poor John Edwards. He'll start drooling again
If you don't cast him at least one vote
Oh boy this uh I'll get to that thing again about Texas textbooks. I'll get to that
They'll prefer to hear some good news. Well so Friday we want to go to the weekend with on a little positive note not easy these days
Although Ryan and Paul said
Uh a third federal judge should a temporary restraining order yesterday. All right
Halting enforcement of that new law prohibiting certain late-terma abortions
The ruling in San Francisco of course home of the Antichrist blocks enforcement of the new abortion law 900 planned parenthood the clinic nationwide
clinic
The ruling was the third since president bush signed the partial birth abortion ban act of
2003 on Wednesday in each case the judges said the law could be declared unconstitutional
Because it doesn't contain an exception to protect the women's health
What they don't understand is see the women are already alive and the right wingers including a president
They don't care about anybody who's alive all they care about is that fetus man the fetus. They're hugging it
They're squeezing it. They're obsessed with the fetus the nebulus unborn
A federal ruling in New York earlier Thursday covers doctors who perform about half the nation's abortions
A ruling by a federal judge in Nebraska less than our afterborn signed the law applies only to the four doctors who filed the lawsuit
When he signed the law Bush said he would use every legal avenue to fight anyone trying to block its enforcement
What a piece of crap
The law does not provide an exception for the health of the mother
But it appears to provide some exception if her life is endangered by the pregnancy. Let me read that again
Poojit
Signed by your president by your caring compassionate conservative president George W. Bush
The law does not provide an exception for the health of the mother
But it appears to provide some exception if her life is endangered by the pregnancy
The form of abortion is not banned if it is necessary to save the life of a mother whose life is endangered by a physical disorder
physical illness or
physical injury including a life and
Endangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself according to the test of the law
Planned parenthood president Gloria felt the plot of the San Francisco order saying it hails the it halts the implementation of this dangerous and reckless abortion ban
The unconstitutional law denies women in consultation with their doctors and families the right to make decisions about their own health felt said
And they written statement thankfully the court understood the immediacy of the situation and temporarily stopped this law from taking effect
The New York ruling covers providers affiliated to the National abortion Federation which claims to represent the doctors who provide happy abortion sought by women each year
The battle to keep us from going back into the totally into the stone age continues, but good luck to us all
See he's busy with things like that while Dick Cheney and his chicken hawks
They're whipped up all kinds of crap all kinds of plans, you know
Devious plan forget about that pipeline that oil pipeline throughout Afghanistan. That was small potatoes, you know
We can just have one big hose. We can do a hose job on the whole world sounds good. All right. That's what we're doing
The state board of education in Austin, Texas voted yesterday to approve biology textbooks despite criticism from some scientist and religious
Activist who say the books fail to present criticisms of evolution. Thank God. Oh God
The 11 of four vote was preliminary and the board was expected to be a final approval today
If they don't build burn the building down first
Some religious and alternative science groups that argue that weaknesses in the theory of evolution weren't adequately presented in the books
But scientists and educators argue that the theory of evolution is widely believed and it's a cornerstone of modern scientific research
See that's bad modern scientific research. Those are two things that the the Barbison of Goiom they're not into that they don't like that
It's all part of that commie pinko heathen plot
Texas to the nation second largest buyer of textbooks and textbooks sold on the state are often marketed by publishers elsewhere
Texas Californian florida come for more than 30%
Of the nation's four billion dollar public school book market three dozen publishers invest millions of dollars in Texas
Some board members had asked to vote on the books one by one
But the motion was over return and all were approved with one vote
I wish we had the opportunity to vote on each book because they're not the same said board member Dan McElroy
One of the four board members who voted against the nothing the books he called the presentation of evolution in most of the books dogmatic
People don't realize the threat of scientific dogmatism. He said they're not looking for truth
They're not looking for the truth like the Lord our God
The great the creator. Do you notice how every time bush went like the mr. Cippie and Kentucky and made these speeches
He talked about how these can't republican candidates were good family men who had a great relationship with the Almighty with the creator
Of course, I'm telling you man you do people out there that are sitting back like put up on your finger up each other's ass
You don't get it you just don't understand
They couldn't do it at the ballot box
So and of course they had an eight-year interruption there was they couldn't blow blow him out of there without that
Peniscage stuff
So they had like steal their way back in so they could put over this religious fundamentalist lunatic agenda with this arm
Again on the way by the way not to this future on the rest of us who aren't too crazy about the ride, you know
We're not too crazy. We'll walk we're not too crazy about this a ride. Oh, you will no
The not base
You know there's that fat bitch again honestly. We feathered for breach of contra Jesus get her off of my screen
Case I was hoping for summary judgments. I will now wait till the end of the case
And then I feel fairly certain that the judge will decide in our favor as the facts are very very clear
I'll tell you one thing if they she just paid them by the pound. I think she can handle it no problem
Ha ha
If Hillary a ran for president which the Democrat would you prefer
Hillary uh, how are deans hot back in the lead thank goodness. There is a god. I told you
65 Hillary 62 Wesley Clark 25. So what I told you about west Clark's malpate is
There's just there's no substance there. You know, I mean he looks good. He's a general. He was on TV a lot
He's got something to say about a beep better book, but he doesn't there's nothing there
Do you know what I mean? I don't
25 for west Clark. Don't care. I'm for Bush 22 10.1 percent
Embracing don't give a crap 18
Al Sharpton 9 John Kerry 6th at us. Cassinage 5
Jewelieverman 2 Dick M. Hart 2 caramelizedly bra on one and in spite of my plays
I can't help you out John Edwards. They will not give it to you
Oh
Women
Father
Then
respect
High bro
I'm gonna enjoy white water now just a little recovery
And if we don't, it doesn't ever do no sin
With in and off so damn slippery
And every block is all
Ha, ha, ha, ha
I'll play Kishin' Roboady
Well hell, yes I do
Ha, ha, ha
I'll play Kishin' Robo all your time to it
And I'll just, uh, well I'll say, oh, you know
Ha, ha, ha
I'll play Caravolis
I'm a BTO player, well, ha, ha
This Hillary Bumup install is the nervous thing I ever saw
Your words were delicious, goofy talk
Because you never have them in New York so change
Your mind running in a noise, Hillary
We don't believe in your Yankee fan
No sir, we're still beating that telegraph
Hillary Bumup install
H-I-I-L-A-O-I
Hillary, Hillary
1118 at 560, Hillary's doing damn good
Now why do you think that is?
I never thought she would do this good
No, I- it's a deal
Howardine 73, Hillary 64, and Wesley Clark 26
Nobody else even in the contest
Uh, what could be the possible reason?
Maybe it's because they think that if she wins
Well maybe number one they think she could win the election against Bush
And number two if she wins that Bubba
Will be the first husband
He'll be the puppet master
Right, he'll be pulling the strings behind the scenes and that's the way
Getting bubble back in there again
Right, the sock puppet master
Exactly
But what else could possibly be is you like I don't know
Well, I think the fact that her name is Clinton
I think we're like mesmerized by that
I'm not saying that I'm not gonna add
I'd vote for her 50 times against the Bushmeister
If she's the one who emancipates from this fascism
More power to that bit, to a Hillary
Zolvi in North Miami, why do you send me his faxes?
Yeah, what is it?
Isn't he like a chronic fetch?
Whatever
All about the thing the other day about the plan of the CBC thing
And about reading the Michael Moore book
And he's like George doesn't want to read
So how about I do a publisher
No, I'm not gonna read the book on a year
Okay, go on and buy the book
Have your boyfriend read it to you, Zoli, okay?
You silly person you
Have your boyfriend read it to you
Why do you're sitting back with your legs up in the air?
Oh speaking of your legs up in the air
We got that WTO thing
But we better start building this other pool
You know it because I don't think we got we got the four names on it
You and I did
But that doesn't get the job then if you only had one taper
Like if you were stranded on a desert island
And of course a lot of other time you'd be spent hunting bananas
And working on the old python whatever you were doing
But coconut
And you're coconut
But if you had one taper DVD movie that you could watch over and over again
What would it be if it was one and only one
See this this precludes those people will say
Well, I got a few for you
I got a couple if you have one
No, that's why we're did it that way
To avoid those pains in the ass who always want more than one
And this isn't the same as just the best movie
No, of course not
It's not the same thing
This isn't even a one that you've watched the most in the past
This is the one that you could like live with
That would like solve your needs
Like I got one but we won't put it on here
Because it's old
Debbie does Dallas
That would solve a lot of your needs
Not mine
Godfather
Godfather too
Network or our clockwork are in season
The only four we got on there so far in the world
Hours
We'll get some
5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T
And Verizon wireless light
Here's pomp it oh hello
Hello
Yeah
Yes, Anne
I got a good one for your poor
How about the Flazzner
I like that
Hello
And the prisoner
But the prisoner wasn't really a movie
Was that what he did
Oh
Sirius
Oh
Well
No, it wasn't
So like I said it's a good one if it was a movie
But is it a movie
No, it's a mini series
I mean we could put it on there
But it wouldn't be the right series
Is I want to pick mash 11 years of entertainment there
Mash was a movie though
See that's where
Oh yeah, that's right
A lot of sample
Uh-huh
Prisoner was never a movie
I don't know how they would have made it a movie
Really when you come right down to it
Because
You know what I mean
I guess they could have
But it wasn't
It wasn't so autonomous
Nice try, Pally
I mean there's the first call
Trying to put one on there
And it's not even a movie
5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T
Verizon wireless line
And who is number 6
Well, that's right it's Patrick McGuwen
Here's the lady in West Palm Beach
Hello
Hi, I've got a great movie to laugh with
With great outdoors with John Candy
The great outdoors
Rest in peace, Manifida
Just put down that last piece of candy
I just laugh every time I see it
Okay
Enjoy your day
Bye bye
Boi-Ve, see ya
Boi-Ve
John Candy, he was Canadian, eh?
I just mentioned that in passing
What does Ted Kennedy
Why? After lie, after lie
And quote
The decision to honor Kennedy was made before the war
And his spokesman says he is looking forward to the event
Oh yeah, that's right
Bush seniors got to give him that award
For his hard-core service
That's gonna be a beautiful thing
I hope he gets up there and makes his speech in just ribs
W of major bloody ass
I just love to see it
Nice go on Ted
By the way, put the sandwich down
Here's a call from Plantation
Hello
Yeah, I got one for you, Paul
Yes sir
Ah, ah, ah, ah, okay
Wait, tag
Get a little push of the phone, okay
Speaking of that thing with the holes in it
You know like your ass
Coral Gables in Plantation
They seem to have something in common
Here's a call from a Pompano, hello
Yeah, hi, you
Yes sir
Yeah, I don't have an edition of Paul
Have you got the pot shut down, Scott or something
There's all of a sudden, I know my hearing hasn't gone like rush
Go ahead sir
Yeah, yeah, I don't have an edition for the Paul
Because it's on there already, the Godfather
But I wanted to ask you something
I think the key for the Democrats
So when the election next year is two things
One, they really need to select a very good vice presidential candidate
I mean, Gordon, the figures mistakenly put
Lieberman on
No, they don't have to put a very good one on it
They just don't have to put a bad one on it
So death wish like Lieberman
Yeah, I mean because Lieberman basically cost them five states as far as the circuser
I mean, he could even carry his own home state
Absolutely
Right
And whoever is the candidate
Do the right thing, embrace Baba
Ask him for help
I mean
It'll be a slam dunk if they just, you know
Get Baba to like, I mean, go out distance themselves so far from Clinton
For whatever reason
And you know, it was the biggest mistake he made
Other than, you know, selecting Lieberman
I just feel that, you know
Baba shows up and you know, campaigns for the person
The candidates are going to make it so much easier, I believe
I mean, I think
I say Bobby Graham provides president that can open when Florida
Yeah
And Howard Deans his gram is on his short list of choices if he wins it
Yeah, that's true, then he'll help for sure
But let's just hope that, you know, this society in next November
I mean, that's all we can hope for now
Okay, Palagher, my legs crossed, thanks
Okay, but I see
Cross your legs and your eyes and your arms, okay
In fact, just wrap yourself up like the Buddha
Like Christ Rafford, he just puts his arms around himself
And the dark, complex Buddha, not too dark
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18 T and T in Verizon Wireless line
Howard Deans 78, Hillary 69, 69, Hillary
Oh, she don't like that position
Wesley Clark has got
Fathered, man
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale, hello
Hello
Yes, sir
I got an addition to your pay
Okay
Caddy Shack
Caddy Shack, okay
That's a little bit of a start
Okay, thank you so much
Well, he stays home a lot, I guess
Caddy Shack
All right
Is the best movie he ever seen
I mean, I do like Caddy Shack, I've seen it a couple of times
That's all right
No
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, now what is this?
In Queen
But some parents were furious
Let's sweep it
It's about for high school
No, why did it happen to come at Fort Lauderdale?
You know, there were innocent kids
They were just my own business
They didn't rate the class
The police saying not everyone is innocent
A lot of the activity has been seen in this time
What are you calling?
Are you watching the movie?
I mean, weapons, a kid
Isn't the answer
A drug sweep at his public high school
Strap it high in Paris
Some of the officers had their weapons drawn
And they got an option here
They got all the two down on the floor
At the faces or heads of both students
It was down in a position where
Should somebody who has drugs
Some of our children
On the other side
And he appears
A drug sweep
Getting caught
And for some reason
If they made a total decision
And decided to use a weapon
I've never seen anything like that in my life
No, if I was told to ever
The officers say it was for everyone's safety
They did handcuff several students
Who wouldn't get down
Oh my god
No reaction on our part
I'm sure it was an inconvenience
To those individuals
Who were on that hallway
But I think there's the valuable experience there
A canine officer did smell drugs
And 12 book bags
But nothing was actually found
But police aren't discouraged
We've sent the message to the folks
The other half
And dealing drugs at the school
That um
You know
We know you're doing that
We have no hesitation to come in and address it
They've got all the kids down on the floor
Right
With their guns pointed
Not so big of a concern
They're looking for truth
I think it was very serious
Senseless
Man fascism is alive
A lot of time to buy the boots baby
Hip boots good
My
I love all
This is 420560
You ain't too way
Gordon gives South Florida a major blowjob
I like it
I like it
560
WQAM presents the OPM Anthony show
With Mohawar David
This is OPM
And I'm Anthony
Wait a minute
It's me with a low voice
Oh
Yeah, you got the effective point
Okay
Hi Anthony
Yeah, hi OPM
And let's not forget our old pal
Mohawar David
Yeah, I was wondering how long we'd take for you
To punch to get around to me
I really hit the big time
Hi, here I am with the OPM Anthony
Hey Moh
What
Take off your pants
Yeah, we're gonna rape you now
You cut up your kidneys
This is a family show
Hi
Wrong
This is the OPM Anthony show
Look, come on
Strap
All your guys only do that in touch
Hey
Get your head up
Get out of there
That offensive means
That's my deal
I don't touch my deal in kids
I'm a panda
Why do you think everybody will ring me
Why cause we think it's funny that's why
Yeah, you got a nice back
I got those for you, pal
I'm still spry
Hi, hi, hi, I'm probably gonna jump
I got a stand tied open
I want the red ball
And after this
All right, my open wide-perch junky
Let's sing it together now, shall we
Okay
Open wide-perch junky
Hey
That's my connect, Anthony
Okay
Yeah, that's
Yeah
Use your lips
No, don't
No, don't
Don't sit up
There's shit no, don't
Ready for some sped evil up
Yeah
You're not supposed to mean that
Yeah, I'm really sorry
It's a basically guy now, don't I
Pull the cap
Yeah, yeah
Not done
Yeah
Okay
Take it away, bro
No, I ain't
Thanks
Okay
What
You're just gonna leave me here
We'll be right back
I'm 5'60
It's a lot of 32 at 5'60 WQM
Reason I played that, I bet you don't know it
No, I don't know why
Here's the answer
Woman sentenced in cathedral sex case
Just in only moments ago
Woman accused of having sex with her boyfriend
Inside St. Patrick's Cathedral
As part of a radio show, Stunt was sentenced to
Yeah
Five days of community service
Hey, so that's it
No
Loretta Lynn Harper 36-peak-gilly
That is early conduct yesterday
Harper and Brian Florence were arrested in August 2002
After police officers listening to the Opie and Anthony show
Her producer Paul Mercurio say on the ear
That he was speaking on a cell phone while watching the couple
Copulate in the cathedral
They were doing it the old in and out
Florence 38 out of a heart attack in September
So it goes to show the Lord
Worse in
Mysterious ways
Mercurio 43
Plated gilly early in the day that is certainly conduct
The judge ordered him to for seven days of community service
The stunt part of a regular feature in which couples could win prizes
For having sex in public places
Resulted in W&EW FM firing DJs
Greg Opie Hughes, Anthony Cumia
A $357,000 FCC fine against Infinity Broadcasting
Scott Farrell getting blown off because W&EW FM dropped the format
And etc. So we got Farrell here now which is a good news for us
But bad news for them
Five days community service for that broad
How do you like that? That's so bad
Yeah
There are a lot of people out there who would like to screw in church and only get five days
How about the only movie that's just as funny
The 30th time is the first
Third man
Airplane says this fact is very good choice
I love that
That's right in there with my other
Turns
Love it
And also South Park the movie
Ah Jesus, are you f***ing carrying me
Yeah, I know
You said also it's a good one for list
So the list is building thanks to the fact is not so much on the phone
That's okay
They're mesmerized by the hill everything speaking of mesmerized I must tell you
I mean you know you and I sat in that room there and watched what happened on 9-11
And that's just left all of us with our jaw hanging into our ankles but
But a close second for me is this thing that I just saw
Yeah, I'm pretty showing
How can they take that so lightly? How can it just be like oh well?
You know, this is just the effort way things are
As the father of a high school student
If that had happened to my child there would be lawsuits at least
Right, lawsuits galore at least
Can you imagine you're back in high school all you have people out there
You're sitting there going from class to class and all of a sudden everybody on the floor okay?
And if you don't hop to and get right in the position they want a handcuff you
Right
And here come in a whole bunch a whole slew of uniform cops with their guns drawn
And they're gun sniffing their drug sniffing dogs
And then they're and they're making a massive search they didn't actually find any they found some traces like maybe a pin joint
I mean seriously this I'm Tonya I said it before and maybe with my psychic powers again
But the public doesn't understand that they're freedom
In some kind of a goddamn drug search based on what based on the fact that their kids in high school doing drugs
Oh, what a concept I can't believe that good thing to know that right away next
Thing you know will be finding out the kids in school are doing having sex. Yeah
God knows what they'll be looking at then be just like the abuela's they have a different kind of sniffing dog for that now but they do
I'm saving here that says I want to read it from James V. Oh, I love it. That's my favorite facts. I love
Lamentation about the boy and that was before they had this police raid the school in northern the summer
Charleston, South Carolina
Well, I'll tell you I know a lot of you people don't like CNN and I don't I keep it on here only in case there's something
You know dramatic going to happen in the world in the middle of the show that we need to talk about but
You've got to watch it during the day because I know they run this stuff over and over again. I can't believe I can't believe what I just saw I
cannot believe it
I mean
What are we talking about here? I would say about a bunch of people
10% oh, I'd like to round them up on election day keep them busy
Don't give her crap 27 Al Sharpton 12 John Kerry 10. He's scary John Kerry
I'm 60 on a AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Yes, I'd like to recommend the movie the directors cut of until the end of the world
It's only been shown by the director think six times. It's actually about eight and a half nine hours long
It's the 91 release of William hurt a bunch of other people in it and it makes it much more cold here as the bait is long
But if you're on a desert island. Yeah, you had a lot of time on your hands and my vote
I'm gonna vote for Tim fortune
possibly because I love the way he ran the Netherlands
Yeah, I'm going to you ran the Netherlands. He never did run the Netherlands. They shot him before they killed him
Yeah, that's one of the true political tragedies of the last five years
So I'm quickly headed back to Europe. So I don't blame you cool. I'll see you on a plane. Ciao
Producines
560560 I'm telling you get out while it getting is good. That's my suggestion to you
I'm feeling nice and comfortable. Maybe not so warm. It's not too warm here today
But I'm feeling kind of cozy in fact you know that trip. I got come up real soon
Yeah
It's 41 degrees the sun is shining is just a couple of puppy little white clouds in the sky
It's for Paul and Ron who like hearing that Toronto weather
And then the high tomorrow is gonna be like a 34 or 35
So I'm gonna adjust at the right time right
briefly briefly just before that WTO thing starts oh boy
The Harold says should we stay or should we go right now the scorecard is divided among downtown Miami
Binnises and civic offices trying to anticipate the workplace problems caused by this month's free trade summit
I think we should take that week off don't you?
Okay, scared off by warnings of violent protests three closures and traffic types dozens of business institutions have decided to make
Alternate arrangements for the week of November 17 which is the week after next when the free trade or area of the America's conference
convenes in Miami
Sandy Hicken is terrified about the potential havoc when tens of thousands of protesters marked by the glass windows of restore
She decided let her 14 employees stay home after seeing pictures this week of what happened in 99 at the WTO meeting in Seattle
We cater to the elite capitalist they hate so much. She said she's owned the store at 50s Northeastern Avenue for almost 60 years
Life isn't worth taking a chance. It's only money good going Sandy good point
And then also points out that dozens of law and accounting firms are temporarily relocating employees to Broward County offices
Or allowing people to work from home that week the Miami federal court houses will be closed for the entire
Week while the date circuit court has canceled law criminal and civil jury trials nervous who the hell's nervous
You know when I call my friends all over the country and brag about how great my life is I use 10 10 shut up
Yeah, it's easy just out 10 10 then shut up then the number
Hello, I bought about second. It's me John Stammer. Oh
Hi John hey, you know we get those checks every week what check you know the ones from that sappy sitcom we were on where you know
The Olsen twins did all the work and I just sat around doing my hair and strumming my guitar
Full house right right when I get to rake in those royally checks and I get to sleep with my incredibly hot supermodel wife too
And you know the best part about 10 10 shut up just can't read out when somebody hangs up on you and you're instantly reconnected
Hello, Bob John again. Hey, did you know I don't even have to work anymore? Yeah, my wife makes so much money
I just do these commercials so people will remember that I'm still alive
10 10 shut up for when you just can't shut up
Yeah, me again. Hey, did I mention how hot my wife is? Oh, she's amazing
1145 who's he married to John Stamos Rebecca Rabin Stammer? Oh, oh, excuse me
I love Sean from Hollywood. It just won't give up and I can't read it get a new
Fax machine. We got a Sean lock mark on it. Yeah, he's always got like big black ones on the side like like that
I like a truck tire ran over to Fax paper
But he was straw dogs will put that on the pole and he says I do I do like the line the last part
He says I love Sam peckin Paul. He's killed more people than cancer
Not bad Sean and we'll get to your pole when we're good and ready. It's a good movie choice shark
Right now Sean's buddy just a little carried away
Which is nice, but she can't get that truck off his back machine. Oh, this is amazing
University of Miami as we said before the first presidential debate of 2004 a great fast dinner of learning and yearning
That great fast enough intellectual is a few of them where Donna Shalela says we don't have any balls
The first debate of the 2004 presidential elections will be held at the University of Miami the Commission on Presidential debates announced yesterday
This is fantastic news for our community for our community for our university for all a Florida
You and president Donna Shalili said in her statement that bitch
It's particularly exciting for our students will have an opportunity to witness history being made in their own campus
Right what campus Donna?
You ever been on the U of M campus?
Me? Yeah, sort of you have not I drove through Coral Gables that Calis doesn't it?
There is no UM campus. I've been in Mark light stating broadcast in ball games
Yeah, well what campus I drove up Grenada Avenue. Did you see any classrooms? I saw some building any textbooks? No
There are many there is a pizza not pizza hot. What's the other one pizza?
Sir Peter mister, I don't know. I saw a little see there's that little season
That's still I was the one the bird here the way was so great was so salty man. It's like about killed me
But when it did the bird
The University set the commission a formal proposal. I was put together under the direction of Shalili a former cabinet member in the administration
Bill Clinton a bitch and endorsed by governor Jeff Bush president of a brother president George Bush no kidding
The debate September 30th September what?
2004 will be the first presidential debate to be held in Florida in modern times holy Schmidt
Huh, it's very appropriate the same state where these people Bush is still the first election
Three other debates all in October be held at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland
Washington University in St. Louis and Arizona State University in 10 p
They said that would be a good idea because they'd often play the Padres there and I mean the charges whatever their name is in 10 p
So let's hold one there. Why not if it was good enough for them?
Speaking of polls here's what I should make you feel a little bit better all of our Dean supporters
How are Dean holds a 14 point lead over John Kerry and a poll likely voters in New Hampshire's Democratic presidential primary
I'm at signs that the contest is evolving into a two-man race
Dean the former Vermont governor had the support of 38% while Kerry the scary-looking Massachusetts senator was backed by 24%
38 to 24 poll released yesterday
Dean led carried by ten points in a similar survey by the Manchester New Hampshire based organization in October
Then he had 24% I was all the way up to 38
Others in the field
Single digits Wesley Clark John Edwards and Connecticut Jew Lieberman four points each
Missouri a representative Dick Gavhart three percent Dennis Kusinich with that offer here peace care mostly brought out sharp in one percent or less
Dean and Kerry were favored viewed favorably by two-thirds of the voters Gavhart viewed favorably by just over half
52% he's got a Chinaman's chance in held the Gavhart, okay?
Not everybody's into the dick
92 votes for Howard Dean
Hillary Clinton 80 Wesley Clark 37 and then I'm for Bush
30 36 10.9% enough to make you want to cry in
In other words that you know what that is that's the don't confuse us with the facts crowd
Yeah, and in fact it went on after the CNN just showed that thing and I described it that read on that high school
It went up four tens of a point right well
That's a good way of keeping drugs out of school. That's right. Keep them damn punk kids in line
Keep the drugs out of school go in there just I don't know if they're we know it and just start
Shooting them off any area. You know any one ricochets and kills a couple of kids that'd be a real good lesson. That's it
No more this damn
Liberal commie pinko's to side with all these drug addicts like Rush Limbaugh. Oh, excuse me
56 more sure not get my free spots on this other pool are we?
The machine we're getting some good ones, but I'm told it's not the usual like falling all over each other get out of it because they just didn't get it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Here's pompino. Hello
Hello, yes, sir
Good one I saw that one too. Here's Miami. Hello
Hello Miami. Yes, sir. Yeah, hi Neil
Neil I have this agreed with you
Strongly on many issues over the year, but I have to tell you on the other hand, I admire you a lot because number one
You don't you dish it out evenly to every group
You don't pander yeah, and you're a straight shooter. You are who you are. You never pretend to be somebody else
Yeah, and I'm talking to you as a Cuban Republican who hates bushes got
Great and cannot wait to see him defeated excellent, and I'm gonna make one comment to you
You were talking this morning about the fact that here we are you know six more people get killed today and seven seven seven
Okay, close the 16 that we love last week doesn't even hit the news. I mean, I'm watching today show that just you know
They're to see what they talk about it. I mean, it just briefly they're showing somebody
They're talking about Rosie Rosie O'Donnell and Scott and Lacey Peterson exactly. I mean, you know, that's why I heard this one
And I am embarrassed of the present this country has become really so invalid. I mean, they're really worthless
I mean, it's really isn't the payment and nothing else. Yeah, the other thing that worries me is and I just came from a trip where I went through
North Carolina
North Carolina
Kentucky
West Virginia all of those states and I can tell you every single radio station was an evangelical station
I was going through the dial and I couldn't get anything but evangelical station. Oh my god. I was preaching about how good
Bush is yeah, and how you know everything you know, it's just really incredible
I mean, you know, I don't know what happened to us who with rush and all these other people
I mean, you know, we really don't have anybody who can talk for
I'm not a liberal but I'm a moderate but I believe you know that that that that re-radicals are on both sides
You know, you have radicals on the right too
Well, let's wait
Go to the gaming town man. You're going to watch a times
And hang in there. Yeah, okay, thank you. Well there you go. There's the good Cuban. There's one
We got a few to not talking about few good Cubans
But I mean a few who are like not gonna vote for Bush who aren't the sucked in by all this bull crap
20% sadly 20% what that's the stat that keeps coming out 20% well, that's not that's not too bad
No, because seriously when you look at ethnicity for example
When you look at blacks, it's almost always over 90% of our democratic and when you look at Jews
It's over 90% of what I'll tell you one thing. I don't want even going to it. You know, what's the use of even saying it? Yeah, oh
You
You you start adding it up in your mind like women especially after he signed that anti-abortion bill the other day
That the judges had to like put a halt on and of course they'll try to drive it all the way to the Supreme Court
And then it gets flunkies up there to rubber stamp it
What kind of a rational woman but then again using that expression in rational woman because a lot of those right to life
Fluentics or maybe a majority of our women their religious brainwashed to the fetus huggers
Here's one from Jim and the Redlands who says the movie that always is in my player anticipating a
bad broadcast is endless summer
Oh Jim and the Redlands don't let him find out what you're doing out there sweetheart. It's a 60 oh I've seen it
60 surfing film made by Bruce Brown. I recommended. I've seen it. Yeah
Yeah
Well, you know driving movie channel that I'm always telling you about with all the corregal movies for some reason
They have an obsession with that kind of stuff and the Phil's time, you know
So a couple of days a year they have like all of Bruce Brown surfing movies side by each like back to back, you know
So I've seen it and every now and then I can't turn the damn thing off
You know, that's me that's this old fact so Jim and the Redlands know if you're having a good old time a gay time in the Redlands
endless summer
5 6 7 0 5 6 you know I told you that whole surfing thing
That's why that guy that was married to a your close-personal friend Pamela Lee with a big boobs
What that was his name Kelly Slater. Yeah, see? I've got I'm getting better not the worse. I'm getting younger. I just turned 57
Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello. Hey, you know how you doing buddy pretty good sir. I'm doing good too
I got one for your poll. It would be pink Floyd the wall oddly enough
But only because you can listen to the music while you're cracking coconuts, you know
And it had you know on your island it has sex drugs also too. What more can you want? Yeah my girl
Unless you go to school in Charleston South Carolina there you go. Well, I'm going to rate a elementary school for Ridlin here
Right
Man you buy all me okay, don't get me a taxi for rush. Okay. My girl wants to pick Greece by the way
But she does
All right guys, thank you. We put Greece on there. She likes John revolt. You sure might out what do you mean Greece put some Greece on it?
No wouldn't be the first time
Yeah, and of course if you live in Taylor Michigan like I said you got a big old jug of
Vaseline on top of the TV for emergencies when you get like all excited
If Hillary Clinton ran for president, which Democrat would you prefer Howard Dean 99?
He's right on the cusp of a hundred right on the edge right on the precipice
Swalloway Clinton's got 83 for old Hillary. They like her
Don't care. I'm from Bush 39 11.3% it keeps boosting up and up and up
I think we may be going to get the creeped on us before the days out. I think so. Wesley Clarks got 38
Don't give her crap 33. I'll sharpen 16
Scary old John Kerry 12. He does look craggy though, you know that
Then it's a sentence 10 who says all the right things and looks like hell on wheels 10
Seriously, you've got to see the hair piece you must watch one of those debates
You just you'll fall into full laughing you've never seen anything so
You'll have to see it. I could look up a picture
Julie Berman 5 Carol Mosley Braun Ford Dickhead Hardford and John Edwards from Carolina's baby. What is he from North Carolina?
Yes, I don't know. He's got a small pair
The
Mojave David and the only thing funny other rape of it is that pipe smokers told the one hour
From what his depredations comes the cutest little errands you've ever seen
Arifat Abdullah Jerusalem and little Jericho
102 Palestinians this time the wicked Kurella Barak is trying to separate all the little Palestinians from their happy
West Bay homes. It's one explosive situation after another with all those Palestinians
Scrambling for cover don't miss Walt Disney's newest animated feature
102 Palestinians now showing in theaters everywhere
Provo to a 560 WQM happy Friday to you David Coren is one of my favorite people
He writes
Capital games in the nation and culture goes to the movies. That's an inverse calm capital games and colder goes to the movies
He says don't read this if you like and colder
Don't read this if you want to believe and colder gets your facts straight
The other night I was enlisted to appear on MSNBC's hardball to discuss the controversy over the CBS miniseries on Ronald and Nancy Reagan
On the other side was culture the over the top and over the edge conservative author whose latest book literally brands all liberals is treasonous
Conservatives and Republicans have howled at the Reagan movie was a travesty complaining at Portrae's Reagan as out of it in the White House and
Callis toward AIDS victims on the right
Noted that since the movie as far as I could tell does not detail how Reagan and cozy it up to the apartheid regime of South Africa
The murderous dictator of Chile and the death squad enabling government of El Salvador
It indeed has a problem with accuracy
But the miniseries true sins seems to be its schlockiness the available clips may look like Donnesty meets mommy dearest set in the White House
Colders started more restrained than usual though she predictably bashed Hollywood liberals for trying to undermine the historical standing of a
Present they despised by resorting to trashy revisionism
Perhaps she even had a point who could tell what the producers were aiming at but then she jumped the tracks
She claimed that the movie patent was made by Hollywood lives with their hatred in their hearts for George S
Patten the brilliant but erratic W. W. Two general these filmmakers intended to make patent look terrible
She maintained but because they produced an accurate work the movie ended up making patent look great and people loved them
Was patent the left wing Hollywood conspiracy that backfired?
Host Chris Matthews immediately challenged her in his subtle fashion. You are dead wrong
He pushed her for proof and she replied
That's why George C. Scott turned on his Academy Award for playing patent
Culture was suggesting that Scott had spurned his Oscar because the filmmakers planted a discrepanied sentence image by portraying the general as
Negatively as possible had gone awry
Matthews wasn't buying who told you that who told you that he shouted for oracle like response. It's well known
She added why do you think he turned on the award Chris? You never looked that up and never occurred to you
Matthews retorted because he said he wasn't going to a meat parade because he didn't believe in award ceremonies and Matthews was right
Following the show I took colders advice and I did look it up
I found a 1999 obituary of Scott that noted he had shunned the a stun Hollywood in 1971 for being the first person ever to refuse an Academy Award
He had explained his action by slamming such awards as demeaning and he dismissed the Oscar ceremony as a two-hour meat parade
Matthews received extra points for getting the quote correct
Colder had twisted as well documented episode and the more proof that liberals especially those in Hollywood are conspiratorial traders
After I described this exchange as someone who once worked with her he said that's and she lives in her own world and she just makes things up
This interlude can turn to small matter who will be debating one of my favorite movies
But this minor dust up provided evidence to support a serious charge is Matthews a mark while racking up the segment
Thanks me nothing to you, Anne if so why continue to have her on and
It says on here. Don't forget about David Cords new book the Eliza George W. Bush, which I have in my hand right now
Mastering the politics of the section by David Corn got it right here
See I got so many books. I got the Bush right the Molly Evans book. I got a read I got the Al Franken book. I got a pile man. I got piles
You read them all right. Oh, yeah
Maybe you can have that the fag in North Miami Beach read them to which one the one that sent the facts
Zola whoever that guys name it will join a reading club
Anyway, I just want to read it speaking that just a page or two from a David Corns books since I haven't read it yet
From the introduction, okay
Well first it starts by saying a false restoration some people think it's inappropriate to draw more a line not me for our children
Have the lives while lives we want for them
They must learn to say yes to responsibility. Yes, honestly George W. Bush June 12, 1999
George W. Bush is a liar. He's lied large and small
He's lied directly and by a mission. He is misstated facts knowingly or not
He is misled. He's broken promises been unpatable to political vows through his campaign for the presidency in his first years in a white house
He has mugged the truth not merely an honest error
But deliberately consistently and repeatedly to advance his career in his agenda
Lying greased his path toward the White House. It's the more the essential tools of his presidency
To call the 43rd president of the USA pervericators not an exercise of opinion not an inflammatory talk radio device
This insult is supported by an ultimate extensive record of self-serving falsifications
So constantly is his pibbing that a history of his lies offers a close approximation of the history of his presidential tenure
And it goes on for how many pages it's a big book Wow
320 pages so there you go go on buy it today at a bookstore nearby you the lies of George W. Bush mastery the politics of deception David Corn
You're gonna get it
All right
So far on the pool if Hillary Clinton ran for president which Democrat would you prefer howardine 105
Hillary Clinton 86 don't care on for Bush 46 12.3 percent
Wesley Clark 45 don't give a crap 35 Al Sharpton 17 John Kerry 13
Dennis Quesson it's 11 Julie Roman 5 carol mostly brawn for dick abhards 4 and John Edwards is still stuck with a small pair out of 3 and 73 vote
Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. No. I love you when you read it man. I love it
I just love it because I know it just makes their their little wiki just
shrink up and shrivel up all these bush lickers. Yeah, you know what all they want all these people everybody I've run across that I've tried to
Enlighten them all they want is
Yeah
Yeah
Okay, good call 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Good one. Not any calls. I might have to play that thing over again. You know that CBC
Oh, you might have to I threatened to do it and I might just do it. I dare you
What does that mean do it please
Okay
Well, we're gonna help. I'm gonna find it
You know what it a truly understand what happened on September the 11th. Oh, see I got it right there. Isn't that amazing? All right
Well, I got some other stuff here first though union-owned investor offers loan to the marlins
And unexpected new player emerged yesterday and they ever to build a stadium for the marlins and that of course
There's got to be our top priority building a stadium for the marlins. You do understand how important that is I do good
When the nation's largest union-owned life insurance company
Ulico ULLICO
Ulico announced his willing to loan more than a hundred and ten million dollars toward the plan
Ulico chairman Terry O'Sullivan hopes to discuss the offer with the team next week
He says the company will offer rates that could undercut conventional loans if the project creates a negotiated number of high-paying jobs
The catch the construction site would be union-only
This is money from union members and it should benefit union members O'Sullivan said the give back with this project is more than that
It's a chance to raise our statue in the community and to put labor up there with World Series champs
Whether the community while whether the company will get the chances unclear Marlins president David Samson
We all just know and love because he's such a funny guy
Said late Thursday that he couldn't comment on the proposal because he hasn't been contacted
Miami Miami City managed your Joe Areola working on a financing plan with Dave County Commissioner George Burgers said Ulico suffered
Loan the marlins money does little to bring the team closer to the stadium
We'd still have to pay for it Areola said well, maybe they could just like we're doing with Iraq
Just not alone just a gift right right why not so far
Dave County has played 73 million the club is promised 137 million leaving a hundred and fifteen million dollar shortages
assuming you believe the three twenty five which is not correct leave it about a two hundred million dollar shortage
The team is talking with Miami about a contribution may approach the state legislature as well
Just give them a couple hundred million dollars. Okay, and stop belly. It can about it's important stuff
What's big enough important stuff? I was sexually abused by priest exile says
And art slices of Miami priest cleared of two past sexual abuse complaints faces a new claim that he molested a boat lift
Refugee at a Coral Gables church. Oh not in the Gables. Oh my God. That's sacrilegious, you know
Isn't a human exile on Thursday accused of veteran Catholic priest of sexual abuse twenty three years ago at a Coral Gables church where he was living after
Arriving from Cuba on the Maryl boat lift
I do like that
The alleged lawsuit the alleged victim rather said in the lawsuit the Reverend Alvaro Guixar we've had his name on many many times
Promise him a car in a job in a change for sex at the time
Guixar was a priest of the church of a little flower in Coral Gables
It's hard for me to talk about this. I've lived with this problem for many many years without telling my family or anybody
The alleged victim thirty nine said yesterday. It is a attorney's office in Hollywood
We shard was reinstated in August as pastor Lee St. Francis the sale church in Miami Beach after the archdiocese of Miami cleared them of two earlier
Sex abuse complaints we should have been suspended for 15 months
We shard who has served as an archdiocese
Archdiocese
Sassen priest for a long time about 30 man 30 years
adamantly denied the allegations and interviewing his parish office its fiction false and lies we shard 63 said
The new allegations are as ridiculous as the other ones
The alleged victim was not identified the lawsuit the suit was filed against the Miami Archdiocese
claiming it knew of the past sexual abuse claims against him and failed to take steps to protect the alleged victim
The alleged victim said I want him we shard to be removed from the church and to be removed permanently
He said he never reported the alleged abuse to police or church authorities because he was a long young and afraid
The recent flurry of sex abuse complaints against numerous police convinced him to come forward
Ready for that so poor pop a guisher out there at the church of the little flower
Don't forget folks the crazy people the religious people the craziest of them all even our chronic callers can't come and they're not in the same category with that
Wow, that's a shot
I want to take just one okay, because I understand why they're all called now that I threaten to play that thing
Here's Miami. Hello
Neil how are you okay, sir?
Well a couple things I think the Democrats chance in the next election are pretty
Because the economy seems to be picking up again. I think you know with a good economy
You know the Democrats chances are like I said no
Oh, the next thing I wanted to tell you are asked you is let me get to be sure
Do you heard of me with all of our troops from my last right now?
You know that is that that who is that that's one of the chronic chronic one of the most chronic
I can't think who that voices a lot like Bob guy or something. Yeah, that was one of those old the crime
We know we're not that desperate pal. I'd rather play the a CBC thing and this crap about the Democrats chances slim
And I'm because the economy's picking up well, you know right now in the short for the markets going up
And we hit this big employment the number today and all this one. We'll see what happens in a year from now
It's almost exactly everything's great negative now plus we'll see how many more dead people we got the how many more body bags
We got coming back. It's worth it always at it
1213 at 560 WQM one of the best kept South Florida dining sequences in Coral Springs right where their last jackass was calling from
The Gold Coast Seafood Gril just celebrated their one year anniversary and received three and a half stars from the Sun Central Showtime
Binding review the Gold Coast Seafood Gril as specialies that include mango plums salmon
almond-crusted mahi mahi orange honey glazed sea bass and crab and shrimp stuffed trout
There's an incredible bar atmosphere with an extensive line of martini list big martinis in happy hour only five and a half bucks
Like I said big enough to take a bath in from four to seven pm seven days a week the Gold Coast Seafood Gril is located in Coral Springs
2752 North University Drive inside the prestigious beautiful walk shopping center for reservations and more information called 954
255 fish you can dive inside or outside large parties and private functions always welcome to if you want some really fantastic
Seafood this is the place experience the best kept secret and lunch and dinner dining in all of South Florida
The Gold Coast Seafood Gril and Coral Springs located at 2752 North University Drive inside the walk shopping center
We're sports radio five six a.m.
Why are you best days?
Gadgetcom I'm home my beginner. Oh hi Homer we're having chicken.
Or is it tuna? No. I don't get it. I'm a can sense chicken.
Oh, but it tastes like tuna. No the Jessica Simpsons. It's TV's first animated reality show with two dimensional Homer and one dimensional Jessica.
Perfect. Get it. Let's just order some popular wings.
Ew, Homer. I don't eat buffalo.
You'll be silly Jessica. Everybody knows popular wings are made from chicken.
Oh, let's chicken of the sea.
Oh, the Jessica Simpsons because people this dumb could only be in cartoons.
Right? Yeah, we hope it's a 1218 at 560 WQAM.
One moment please I want to get this thing off the fax machine that I'm printing.
Okay.
Uh, a main charge with entering a restricted area during an October 2002 presidential visit is subpoenaed
US Attorney General John Ascroft and Bush political adviser Carl Rove to testify this trial next week.
Oh, very good. Activist Brett Burcy 55 said yesterday the man's testimony would show that the Bush
administration tries to sanitize areas of the center round of prison during visits across the country.
Assistant US Attorney John Barton was handling the case did not immediately return telephone call.
What how spokesman Taylor Grohs said Rove had not been served with his subpoena and declined for their comment.
And Charles said for next Wednesday good.
Good. Make their lives miserable. Okay.
Here's a facet from Tucker.
Chronic Tucker says his favorite movie that he watched over and over again would be The Big Lebowski.
Would you keep telling me don't see it?
I didn't. I never saw it.
That was owner boy said that one said that you should see it.
Well, whatever. The Big Lebowski.
And if she'd just taken that blood rest of the dry cleaners we could have a word all that crap.
Save all of that cash.
Senate moves to ease restrictions on travel to Cuba.
Inclaible.
The Senate moved on several frontiers today to make it to make it easier for Americans to travel to and do business with Cuba.
Setting up a confrontation with the White House which says the president will veto any legislation
that weakens current US restrictions on such contacts.
Because he's busy pandering.
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee voted 13 to 5 in favor of legislation when the Cuba travel ban first imposed by President Kennedy in 1963.
The legislation sponsored by a bipartisan group headed by Senator Mike Enzi, Republican and Wyoming,
would bar the president from restricting travel to Cuba except in the two countries that are at war.
Enzi also joined Senator Max Bocchus, Democrat of Montana, other Thursday,
energying House and Senate leaders to retain language easing the travel ban that both chambers included
in a $90 billion bill to fund transportation and treasury department programs in the 2004 budget year.
The White House has threatened to a threatened to presidential veto of the spending bill includes the Cuba language.
Given those negotiating it compromise the incentive to remove the provision before it goes back to the House and Senate for final vote.
But Enzi and Bocchus joined by senators Larry Craig Abide, a home-christ out of Connecticut said
removing the provision via a direct act against the will of Congress and a majority of Americans.
They wrote if the conference produced a conference report that excludes our amendment will consider all parliamentary options available to West
respond to that eventuality.
Ready for that?
Yeah, but I'll present to you of course and his brother the too busy pandering we don't want to say to whom but
great, right?
Here's the big story of the day, the Moanaioa, you see this?
No, what?
Truck loaded with hot dogs catches fire.
There was a giant weeny roast on interstate 380 but there was no mustard for many a mile marker.
A truck carrying 43,500 pounds of Oscar-Mire turkey hot dogs cut fired about 10 pm.
On Tuesday said Trooper Thomas Strada in a relation to Eric Turkey, the Iowa State Patrol.
Now it says right in here, make sure you mention no relation to Eric.
Oh, yes.
Strada.
Instead of the aroma of roasting meat troopers and firefighters had to endure black smoke and the
accurate smell of burning rubber.
Some type of mechanical problem caused the wheel overheat to strut us so the driver pulled over
open the refrigerator power unit that exposed hot oil to the ear and helped ignite the fire.
The truck driver was an injured northbound lanes at the interstate near the small town of
Banna, Iowa, which is between Sutter Rapids and Waterloo closed for about three hours while the
were weasting their ronies.
Speaking of that, I don't know if I'm going to play that thing or not, you know.
Okay.
Well, no, because I got a lot of stuff here, I guess I will.
I'll get around to it.
Because I did mention this story the other day and it's worth talking about.
Students sue overvoting vulnerability since we're going to have probably another fixed
election next year.
Two students from Swarthmore College have filed suit against one of the nations.
You know, you listen to the voice like that guy said it was a chronic difficulty minutes ago.
You listen to the voices.
These are the brainwashed.
There's no dealing.
You'll never penetrate because they're like it's like the religious fanatics which
there's the overlap there most of them are in that category too.
There's no getting through it's like they're mesmerized.
You look at them and they have the deep, you know, the the sunken eyes.
Haven't I always told you that about call a illusion of religiousness?
They all have that look that kind of far away look like they're automatonized.
Glazed nuts.
Exactly.
Two students from Swarthmore College have filed suit against one of the nation's largest
makers of electronic voting machines alleging that die-bold ink had to be used copyright
laws to keep information from the public that is crucial to the health of America's democracy.
The students use the internet to post die-bold internal memos and emails saying the
document show the company knew its voting machines were vulnerable to tampering and that it
knowingly violated election laws.
Die-bold issued cease and desist letters to Swarthmore the student service provider claiming
emails are protected under the copyright laws.
Though Swarthmore shut down the student's network connections until they had removed
the disputed material, other students across the country including three at Princeton
have begun to post or mirror this information on their university websites
in what some call an active civil disobedience.
Yeah, that's a good size about time.
All right.
The legal system is being used as a tool of corporations in a sense people like
die-bold just want to protect their own interests.
Brian Cattle said regarding his decision to mirror the company's emails.
Something like that needs to be seen especially for a company that's carrying the
torts of American democracy by providing facilities for elections in vote counting.
The Princeton students at the university hasn't yet asked to remove the information from
their websites.
University Law is unavailable for comment.
The groups are suing for the right to post the leaked memos under the fair use clause
of the Copy Red Act which allows copyrighted material to be used in news reporting and for
the purpose of criticism or comment.
How do you like that?
I like it.
You go boys.
You go boys.
Little civil disobedience on a college campus.
Although I notice nothing's happened and can't state no more because
they're in the hardware.
They won't do that again.
They learned they're not going to be doing that no more.
Flapp over Ride Home leads to stabbing and suicide attempt in pompados is the BS.
Another great story.
An apparent disagreement over a ride home from work ended yesterday with the
attempted murder of one fish company employee and the attempted suicide of a second deputy said.
The incident took place around 6.30 yesterday morning at the Great American
smoked fish company according to BSO spokeswoman Vita Coleman Wright.
Here's what Coleman Wright said happened.
As Claude at Elise 45 of Miami walked out of the restroom she was confronted by co-worker
Fernand Thaluzma 49 also of Miami.
He stabbed her in the head so violently that the blatant of the knife broke off.
Thaluzma fled to a bathroom with what was left of the knife and barricaded himself inside.
When pompado beach fire rescue workers arrived they rendered aid to Elise while
deputies confronted and secured Thaluzma who had stabbed himself in the chest.
Both were transported north brow medical center for surgery.
According to the owner of the company Thaluzma was upset because at least did not give
him a ride home from work last Friday October 31.
Oh well.
Tectives believed Thaluzma got the large filet knife used in the stabbing said work.
Well I guess when you work for a fish place yeah a lot of when Thaluzma's released from
the hospital be taken to the BS main jail on a charge of attempted murders.
The law is a sports waiting device.
You way up.
Friday you blasted.
You know to truly understand what happened on September 11 and the close relationship
between the bushes.
There been lot and the rest of the Saudi elite.
You have to go back about 25 years and so the couple of thousand kilometers to Houston,
Texas, where in the mid 1970s George W Bush was a young man just trying to learn the ropes in
his family's two businesses politics and oil.
The bushes were a pillar of Houston society.
George seniors struck a rich in oil became a congressman,
then director of the Central Intelligence Agency, where it said he first won the friendship
of the Saudi royal family by arranging CIA training for their palace guards.
And George Jr. was trying to follow in his father's footsteps.
A Harvard business grad he dabbled in politics and the Texas Air National Guard.
And it was about the same time that a man named Bill White, a former fighter pilot with a Harvard
MBA himself, was recruited to work in Houston with someone with business and personal connections
to both George Bush's. His name was Jim Bath.
The Straylor James R. Bath needed someone to run a series of real estate companies that would be
grubbed stake by not only the political families but also by some foreign national societies.
And so I came down on an interview and met Jim.
They opened an office in downtown Houston where Bill White became Jim Bath's partner and confident.
But White says Bath's been most of his time dealing with his foreign partners,
a wealthy Saudi family, the Bin Laden's.
He also ran a company in the same building called Bin Laden and Associates which Jim explained
was a procurement company for the Saudis. He bought a bank for them. He bought an airport for them.
He started an airline for them among other ventures in Houston, Texas.
Now at that point, had you ever heard the name Bin Laden?
No, I hadn't. Nothing to you. Nothing to me.
But in Saudi Arabia, the Bin Laden's name had a great deal indeed.
They owned one of the largest Saudi construction companies.
They were advisors to the Royal Family. They were the second richest family next to the Royal's
with billions of dollars to invest abroad in places like Houston with a Bush family.
They moved into this estate in one of Houston's finest neighborhoods.
Have Bin Laden brother named Solomon and a brother-in-law, Khaled Bin Mfouz.
Mfouz was also one of the Saudi Royal family's bankers.
So is it fair to say that when the Bin Laden group establishes an office in Houston,
the presence of the Bush family at that point had a lot to do with it?
Absolutely. I think that was essential. The essential element. I don't think any of those
dollars would have come into the United States or any of those assets been purchased.
Had not there been this quid pro quo relationship with the Bush family.
While the Bin Laden's built their ties to Texas, back home in Saudi Arabia,
they were making another kind of foreign investment. In 1979, the Soviet Union occupied Afghanistan.
The Saudi Royal family wanted to build a Muslim army known as the Muhazidine to defend this
law and force the Russians out. They turned to their trusted advisors, the Bin Laden's,
who offered up a likey-21 year old named Asama.
The man who personally chose Asama Bin Laden to build that army would also become his mentor,
Saudi Prince Tripiel Faisal. Last year on British television, he reminisced about the young Bin Laden.
In those days, he was a young man who had committed himself to helping the Afghan Mujahidine.
Liberate themselves from the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan.
And he was doing a lot of good. He was bringing support and aid to the Mujahidine.
Meanwhile back in Houston, the Bush family was also on the move.
George Sr. was about to become vice president and his son made a career decision too.
By the late 70s, George W. Bush was setting out on his own.
He established an oil exploration company that he called our booster, a Spanish word that loosely
translated means Bush. But before our booster could find oil, it needed to find some money,
operating capital. And apparently George Bush, you were to look.
The bath had told me that he had used Saudi money to fund George Bush Jr.'s for into the energy
business. This is the Arbusto Corporation.
The Arbusto Partnerships.
As Bath's partner, Bill Whites has yet accessed information about the financial
dealings between the Bin Laden family and George W. Bush. He later obtained Bath's personal
financial statements when the two had a falling out and became involved in litigation.
On schedules that show his partnership interest, he shows a personal partnership
interest of $25,000 invested in Arbusto 79 and another $25,000 investment in Bush 80.
But according to White, that share was only Bath's commission for investing the Bin Laden's
money with Bush. Do you have any knowledge of how much money the Saudis put in?
Well, he told me it was an excess of $1,000,000.
So there's no question in your mind whatsoever that whatever went into George W. Bush's
companies from Jim Bath was more than 100 percent of the Saudi money.
And George W. Bush would have been aware of it?
Absolutely. But that was at all a few years later another oil company in which George W. Bush
was involved needed cash. It got a reported $25 million. Again, thanks in part to Bush's
old Houston neighbor, Khalid bin Mufous, a son of Bin Laden's brother-in-law.
And it wasn't only George Bush the son who benefited.
The Bin Laden's did business with the Houston bank where George Bush's senior was on the board.
What time is it?
The quick time. This is the non-political part of this.
And businessman Bill White says whether Bush senior knew it or not,
the Bin Laden's were also generous with him when he ran for president in 1988,
allegedly finding a way around the U.S. ban on foreign campaign contributions.
My understanding from Bath was that they were making campaign contributions by taking
briefcases full of cash to the law firms. They would give the cash to the lawyers and each of the
lawyers in turn would make a $1,000 campaign contribution to Bush.
Which would presumably be against electoral law?
Well, it is against the law, but it's obviously covered by virtue of the attorneys making the
contributions.
And when George Bush senior became president, as with George W. more than a decade later,
the Saudis occupied a special place at the White House. The oval office always opened to one man.
Saudi Arabia's ambassador, Prince Bondar.
He's got instant access. He calls him up since I'm coming over. He's got instant access to the
CIA anybody he wants. He can summon people. He can call anybody up at home at any time,
which most ambassadors in Washington cannot do. Robert Baer served with the CIA for 21 years and
spent much of that time in the Middle East.
What is the George W. Bush calls Bondar Bush?
Bondar Bush. It calls Bondar Bush.
You know, it's fine. Bondar is a great ambassador.
It works great until you turn a blind eye, until you believe everything Bondar says.
Baer believes that Bondar's position is symptomatic of the blind self-interest on both sides.
That's the Saudi-American relationship's fatal flaw.
As you'll see when we come back, it's a lesson George W. Bush and his administration wouldn't learn
until it was much too late.
Had Saudi Arabia been acting as one might expect a true ally and friend to act,
could they have told the US all they needed to know about the real threat posed by them on?
They knew everything. They were the source of findings that went to to buy arms, to buy bombs,
through their charities and those charities in Saudi Arabia are all controlled by the government
to some extent. Absolutely.
Okay, 22 to 1. So you didn't think I would play it again, did you?
I'd like to do it. Well, I did. And I'm playing it from CBC from Tuesday night,
from the 5th of state. 438 votes. I think we can change the poll now, don't you?
Okay, Eric. I think we can put the other poll on there, because now the Bushes are starting to
load up on here multiple times. There's no question. If Hillary Clinton ran for president,
which Democrat would you prefer, how are Dean 123? Hillary Clinton 103. Don't care
on per Bush 58 13.1% and a mysterious like whole of Russia, those, what do you say,
rush? Well, and they got to have something new because Russia's still in rehab.
Why is Clark 52? Don't give a crap 42 42 great Americans. Al Sharpton 40 John Kerry 13.
Then it's considered for that lovely here 12 Carol, mostly brown five that came hard five.
John Lieberman five and John Edwards is still stuck with a little pair out of 140 vote.
So we'll change the poll put the other one on there. Even though we don't have a whole lot.
That's okay. We haven't. I need a whole bunch of them. You know, I heard that.
The name of the thing I heard that spot. Because I've been forgetting to mention about
Farrell eight and half auto parts. Now till two o'clock this afternoon 19 11 North
State Road seven and Margate. He's got our best and eel stuff, our CDs and the Mohawar
David of Keychains. And he'll probably be there too. Jesus, that is not Mo 80 bucks. And what is it?
80 bucks. Well, there you go. That's something. I mean, this isn't one of our, you know,
specific appearances. We can raise a couple under bucks out there today.
Anyway, you can spend the wheel to win t-shirts and tickets to the nice Panther game against the
Pittsburgh Penguins, which looks like Mario May plays.
1991. The Gulf War was over. American troops had defended Saudi oil fields against
Saddam Hussein. Now the U.S. could continue to enjoy the economic security, which came with all
outside of the oil. It was essentially the same deal. George W. Bush himself made when he did
business with the Bin Laden's in Houston. One side got a powerful partner, the other oil and
money, former CIA agent Robert Baer. The United States depends upon Saudi Arabia for its oil
production. Saudi Arabia also recycles all the money it makes off oil in the United States.
It puts trillions of dollars in our banks. It pays for presidential libraries.
Anything you could imagine. And the Clinton White House wasn't immune to Saudi charm either.
It was difficult not to give the benefit of the doubt to the biggest buyer of American military
hardware with the deepest pockets in the stock market. Not to mention the world's largest oil
reserves. Which is why after George Bush senior left office and became a senior advisor to the
powerful international investment firm, the Carlisle Group. He paid a number of visits on
their behalf to his good friend, the Saudi royal family, and the Bin Laden. They soon became Carlisle
Klein. Incredible. On September 11th Bush and the head of the Bin Laden family would be at the
same Carlisle Group meeting in Washington just a few miles from where some of Bin Laden's
high jackass would attack the Pentagon. As the 90s unfolded there was much the US administration
didn't know about Bin Laden who was about to become America's nightmare. Because he saw the
presence of US troops on the holy sands of Saudi Arabia as a sacrifice.
Osama Bin Laden was an ally of the United States through the 80s. He was killing so
many soldiers. That's what we wanted. Now what happened later on in the 90s is the Saudis who
certainly had good intelligence on Bin Laden. We're not telling us that Bin Laden had chosen a new
enemy and that was the United States. And the Saudis left something else out, something that
tried to hide to this day, that they kept paying Osama Bin Laden after his war with the
Soviet ended and his terror campaign against the US began.
The man who has uncovered the proof of that is Jean-Charles Bussard.
He investigated al-Qaeda's finances for the French intelligence service well before 9-11
and he's been following the relationship between Bin Laden and Saudi Arabia,
especially with his men or Prince Turkey ever since.
The Saudis deny it ever happened. But according to investigators Jean-Charles Bussard,
French intelligence reports confirm that a meeting did indeed take place in Paris in 1996.
As Sama Bin Laden himself didn't come but a senior representative did, also in attendance,
Bin Laden's old mentors, Saudi Prince Turkey, have been Laden family member and a number of bankers.
The result? The Saudis promised to keep paying Bin Laden as long as he promised to keep ignoring them.
According to Bussard, one of the who came to this power so tell for that meeting was none other
than Bin Laden's brother-in-law, till it had been refused. The same man who once financially supported
George W. Bush, now negotiating payoffs to Sama Bin Laden. And support came from the Bin Laden
family as well. They publicly proclaimed they had his own Sama but privately resiled. They said
I'm equipped and money. The company like Saudi Bin Laden Group is providing all the tools to
Sama Bin Laden to build a road or an airport and Sudan. Yes, they're fully financial back years
of Sama Bin Laden. So how much in all did the Saudis contribute to Al Qaeda estimates are that
before 9-11 Bin Laden spent about 50 million U.S. dollars a year, the vast majority of from Saudi Arabia.
What exactly is that? That's one of the documents that were recently seized by our team and
from Bosnia to Sudan and Afghanistan. Fashar Bressar has discovered an Al Qaeda paper trail
that he says proves what the Saudis are still denying. This leads you to believe it's $2 million
which originates where? Oh, it stated that it originates from the head that's provided by Saudi
Bin Laden. Millions in Saudi foreign aid diverted to Al Qaeda. Financial support for terrorist
training camps in Afghanistan like this one. Camps run with money, funneled through a Saudi
chair funded, managed and supervised by royal family members. They knew everything. There were
the source of findings that went to buy arms, to buy bombs through their charities and those
charities in Saudi Arabia are all controlled by government to some extent. Knowing the way he felt
about the U.S. Knowing he had declared war essentially on all of the Americans. Would they not
also have known that by giving him money they were funding ultimately attacks against the U.S.?
Don't you think that the interests of Saudi Arabia from its perspective is more important than
the U.S. interest of the U.S.? That's what we experience that's what we've seen in the past.
Not only did the Saudis not want to tell the Americans about their deal with Bin Laden,
it seems the U.S. didn't want to hear, despite the decades increasing terror attacks against Americans
abroad. 1995, a bomb in Saudi Arabia kills five U.S. soldiers. 1996, 19 Americans
servicemen die in another Saudi bombing, and the U.S. military's co-barch hours barrage.
1998, more than 200 perished when truck bombs devastate two U.S. embassies in Africa.
2000, an explosion tears apart the U.S. S. coal, 17 American sailors are killed.
Though a sum of Bin Laden was obviously responsible for the majority of those deaths,
U.S. intelligence effectively ignored the plagues that was his recruitment hotbed.
The U.S. attitude remained here, see, and speak no evil.
Even though there had been the bombings in 95, 96, 98, 2000, all involving Saudis,
no one asked for a national intelligence estimate if Saudi Arabia is not in a terrorist state.
Is it fair to say financial and political interests in one way or other led to 9-11
Afghanistan and Iraq? Absolutely. Financial interests were predominant in Washington.
They led to a turning blind eye to what was happening in Saudi Arabia and Afghanistan
and contributed to 9-11. But it doesn't have to be a conspiracy. This is where
people will nail you if you say it's a conspiracy. It's nice it gets a conspiracy as silence.
We're just not going to talk about it. When we come back, what they still don't want to talk about,
how American law enforcement might have discovered and disrupted the 9-11 attacks.
The agent in San Diego testified to you that he believes if he had known he could have stopped
he believes he would have, no one can ever say for sure we would have stopped it,
but he believes he would have had a very good chance.
253 at 560 WDQM, this thing is timing off pretty good, you know.
Excellent. We're going to have just great because the poll today, I mean,
the second poll, they're just not all that crazy about it. And I mean, these women are not that crazy
about the poll, you might as well just, you know, jam it.
I all my favorite Republicans, this is Matt Drudge.
At its time, for the first, excuse me, I'm floating. It's time once again for the Neil Rogers power.
Her minutes after the September 11th attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon,
the Federal Aviation Administration ordered the grounding of all civilian air traffic in the US.
Travelers were stranded across the country and around the world.
48 hours later, September 13th, an update. Private flights were still prohibited to take off
required government approval at the highest level.
That morning, Prince Banderer of Saudi Arabia visited the White House.
And later that afternoon, something unusual began to happen. Despite the blanket aviation
ban, several private planes from Lear Gets to a 747 were cleared to the part from various US
cities. On board were dozens of the Saudi elite, almost every one of them.
Lawton or Saudi Roy?
Meanwhile, Elizabeth Alderman was desperate to find a way from Paris to New York,
where her son Peter was missing.
Because Lawton family, whoever was in the United States,
got safe passage home. And I couldn't get home to be with my children.
Other families couldn't get to New York who lived far away to even begin to look for their children.
At this point, we didn't know who was alive or who was dead. I couldn't get home and have been
Lawton family who were all able to get home.
To this day, the Bush administration has not even confirmed the existence of those flights
to Saudi Arabia. Those Saudi diplomatic sources have been quoted as saying approval for them was
granted at the highest level. But the Exodus to Saudi Arabia happened at all is one thing.
But then there was the investigation that took place before the Saudis departed.
It seems there was none. The biggest crime in American history, orchestrated by a son of
Ben Laden, with funds from the Ben Laden and Saudi royal families, plain loads of whom were given
special dispensation to leave the US almost immediately afterwards, essentially with no interviews
to determine what they might know. No, they just got to laugh. The FBI is not been allowed to put
Saudis on a terrorism list up until September 11th. They were not allowed to ask these people any
questions. The President of the United States, the next week, George W. Bush finally threw down
the gauntlet on global terror, or so it seemed. Every nation, in every region, now has a decision to make.
Either you are with us, or you are with the terrorists.
By then, the Bush administration knew that despite years of Saudi reassurance,
15 of the 19 hijackers had been Saudi nationals. So in the terrible aftermath of September 11th,
surely it was now time to track down those who provided money and support for 9-11 wherever
they might be, right? Wrong again, according to former CIA insider Robert Baer.
When George W. Bush says, terrorists, those who harbor them, those who give support to them
are our enemies. That's obviously not true because everybody that financed September 11th is
currently in Saudi Arabia and free. And it would sort of like have been lawden and said,
well, you know, it's just a coincidence my guys happened to run into your towers.
Are we just going to leave him alone?
In the past two years, the U.S. has relentlessly prosecuted its war on terror,
first invading Afghanistan, which unquestionably harbored and supported al-Qaeda.
Then occupying Iraq, which had virtually nothing to do with the Somaban Line.
But despite all their with us are against this rhetoric, the U.S. has given Saudi Arabia,
which spawned the mastermind, the manpower, and the money for 9-11, a free pass.
The CIA, for example, ignored intelligence about the hijackers gathered by a number of foreign
countries before and after September 11th. The Fifth Estate has obtained documents like these
phone records from German intelligence showing calls made by key members of the 9-11 plot to Saudi Arabia.
But the Americans chose not to pursue.
And nowhere was that attitude more obvious than in the report of the Congressional investigation
in the September 11th attacks.
The community made mistakes prior to September 11th.
The hearings on Capitol Hill began several months after 9-11.
The hearings on Capitol Hill began several months after 9-11.
They were to be the definitive inquiry into what happened and why,
focusing on what U.S. intelligence agencies knew or should have known.
Eleanor Hill was the committee's chief investigator.
In the fall of 1998, the intelligence community received information concerning a bin Laden
plot involving aircraft.
The much-anticipated report was more than 800 pages long.
But since it was released this past summer, most of the attention has focused on 28 of those
pages, one chapter that is almost completely redacted, ordered classified by the White House
and blacked out to the public.
And because they're classified, I can't tell you what's in those pages.
I can tell you that the chapter deals with information that our committees found in FBI
and CIA files that was very disturbing.
It had to do with sources of foreign support for the hijackers or alleged sources of foreign
support for the hijackers.
Yeah. Now, I know it has believed and has been reported that many of those 27 or 28 redacted
pages deal with the Saudi relationship to the hijackers, but...
That's what the press has said. I haven't said that.
In fact, others familiar with those 28 blacked-out pages confirm that much of the secret material,
but foreign support for the 9-11 hijackers does indeed deal with Saudi Arabia.
What's more, some of the classified material also appears in unclassified areas of the report.
In other words, if you know where to look, there's more than enough there to reveal exactly
what it is the Bush administration would prefer the public doesn't know.
So, Eleanor Hill could tell us the story of a Saudi government employee based in California,
a man named Omar Al-Bayumi.
According to the report, at least one, the FBI's best source in Sandy, I guess,
suggested byumi may be a Saudi intelligence officer.
You can then say it at Mr. Bayumi, according to the report, did certainly help and assist
the hijackers at least two of them.
Those two 9-11 hijackers were Khalid Al-Midhar and Nawaf al-Hazmi.
They were Saudis too, and reportedly the first of the 19 hijackers to enter the U.S.
Guess who was there to meet them?
Basically, Mr. Bayumi had a significant contact with Midharen Pazmi in California.
He put down the deposit for them on their apartment there.
He threw a party for them.
Help them enroll in the place.
He tasked another individual to act as their translator, help them enroll in flight schools.
Not only does the Congressional report detail the Saudi support for those two hijackers,
it also reveals how much American intelligence already knew about them by the time they got to San Diego.
There had been under surveillance at a high level al-Qaeda meeting abroad,
where U.S. agents certainly suspected they were planning future terror attacks.
The CIA knew their names, birth dates, passport numbers,
then you wanted them to have a U.S. entry visa which likely meant they planned to travel there.
But despite it all, the CIA somehow neglected to warn other U.S.
agencies about them, which meant that Al-Midhar and Al-Hazmi were able to enter the country
without a problem and settle in San Diego, even amazingly renew their U.S. visas so they could stay
legally until they played their part on September 11th.
Congressional investigator Eleanor Hill says it was perhaps the single most crucial intelligence failure
before 9-11.
Had the FBI been told that and been aware of that back in January 2000, things may have been
very different. We had the FBI agent from San Diego who handled that informant testify in our
closed hearing that he believes that had he had that information from the CIA, he would have
been able to stop this because he believes he would have had of what he called a full court press
in terms of investigation on Midhar and Al-Hazmi while they were living in San Diego.
But in fact, it was mental August 2001. The two Saudis in San Diego were finally put on the U.S.
watch list. Five in, it was tragically too late. Three weeks afterwards, they crashed American
Airlines flight 77 into the panic.
He was terrific. He really knew how to enjoy his life and he made the people around him enjoy
their lives more. Elizabeth Alderman lost her son at the World Trade Center. Now she's among
4,000 Americans and Canadians who filed a trillion dollar lawsuit against defendants that includes
Saudi charities, members of the Royal Family, and Bin Laden. The suit claims that by funding a
Sama Bin Laden, they were just as responsible for the 9-11 tragedy as the hijackers.
If this will cost the Saudis enough money, I think maybe they will think twice
before they will sponsor terrorism again. I think that if we hadn't brought this lawsuit
with the large number of people that are involved in the lawsuit, that it would have taken a very
long time for the name of Saudi Arabia to even be mentioned by our government.
Elizabeth Alderman's life has changed in many ways. For one, she says, she's never been
suspicious of her government as she is now. I'm not a conspiracy theorist, but I certainly
can understand why people would believe it because it doesn't make sense.
An awful lot of way I look at life is things have to make sense. I may not be knowledgeable
in a particular area, but I know when things don't make sense.
So has all of this made any difference whatsoever in Washington?
This past summer, U.S. Senators held a hearing on the financial support of terrorism.
They asked government officials to provide the names of the Saudi charities and individuals
have been investigated for funding al-Qaeda.
I know the chairman tried very hard and others have tried very hard to get this information,
so let me try again. Are the names of those entities classified? The names classified?
That you have recommended for listening. It's a yes or no question.
The names themselves are not passed, and I think you ought to present them to us today.
I don't have them with me. Senators were promised that get the names the next day,
but overnight the Bush administration classified them. That list, with the names of the
Saudi suspected of financing a summer bin Laden, would not be made public after all.
Call it a conspiracy or call it the way of the world, but the long relationship between
the Bushes, the bin Laden and the Saudi royal family has shaped the times in which we live
before and after September 11th. For better, for worse, and for whom you be the judge.
Oh, but, Nia, why did you play that thing again? That long pond arrest thing. That's so boring.
No, it's not. All right, I didn't think it was. I think I could play it every day. What?
Just as infuriating the second time around. That is right. As it goes on, it gets more and more
and more and more and more. And then it's the climax there at the end when Karl Levin is asking
for the names of the Saudis who financed 9-11. Well, I'll get it for you. And then overnight
the Bush administration, oh, it's classified now. I'll get back to you. You know how they had
that big rubber stamp classified? Yeah. And they stamped it. And the public is like that.
Hey, don't forget for Reles out for another hour at the Napa Auto Parts. I have it a big
grab opening. What do you say? They got weenies out there. Free burgers and doggies.
Free burgers and weenies and of course, he and Miguel are there. So that's peace for
itself. Napa Auto Parts, 19-11 North State Road 7 and Margate. You can also spin a QM
wheel and win some of the t-shirts and tickets maybe to the night's Panther Penguin game with maybe
a mario, maybe. So how much we got 80 bucks? No new calls. No new calls. Come on, let's go.
We got the question. Why? My phones all screwed up. Why is that? Oh, the inside phone here,
it's been screwed up on and off for a lot of time. Because it's a QM FNY. Is that why it is?
Okay, now let's get back to the second pull question because it's crawling. They don't like this
question and like I said, if they don't like your pull question, that's it. Although in a way,
it worked out good because otherwise I wouldn't have played that thing again. I'm glad I did.
If you had only one tape or DVD movie, like if you were stranded on the desert island,
you could only watch the same one over and over again. What would it be? Godfather 15, the Godfather.
You kind of had a feeling, although it's a long way from being over, you know? Yeah, but you kind
of had a feeling that the Godfather has got a chance to win a damn thing. But just we must go to the
Quarrioli. Caddy, Shack 12, Airplane 9, History of the World Part 1 8, Big Lebowski 8, the Big
Lewinsky, South Park to movie 7, a Clockwork R&S 6, Pink Floyd to Wall 3, Godfather 2, 3,
Network Scott 3. That was my vote. Chris, how are you seeing it about 8 million times?
Greece 2, Straw Dogs 1, Endless Summer 1, Endless Summer.
Namaste, our friend in the Redlands, Jim. Jim put that thing down. It's getting kind of raw.
Great outdoors don't have any, until the end of the world don't have any out of 79 votes.
The new poll is up there and I'm sure we're going to get thousands and billions of new additions
this hour. Don't you think? No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&C in Verizon Wireless
line. Anybody who heard that the CBC in the first time on Tuesday when I played it and heard it
again, I apologize. Don't I know? No. No, because you probably already heard 50 times. In fact,
I just happened to have taken a cassette out of my cassette player there and I'm just going to
like pack it up in my sack. You know what I mean? Good. Just have it handy. Might become like a
regular feature on the show. All right. From when it's after one at five sixty WQ, I'm
got the mad dog at two, the Humper at four. No, we got a bunch of stuff. We got what do we got?
Just the Panther game is in it. That's right. The pregame is at seven in the game at seven
thirty from the Macarena. Any case out in Vegas doing a show after the Panther hockey game,
any SPN radio overnight because it's cheap in the Joe and Mark have to work Sunday night to try
to goose up the daughtering old Momann. If you're daughtering an older or if you're young and fat,
that make a difference how old you are. Fat is not what's at. Believe me, I know from experience.
When skinny people talk to you about fat, what the hell do they know? So whether you are one of
those Atkins, Dianns or South Beach. God forbid or sugarbusters or any other low carb
diet. There's a great story you got to introduce yourself to the lights of West Boko. The lights
has got over a thousand low carb products right there in a shell. Not like when you go in a super
market and you can't find anything with some taste to it, you know. They're bagels and breads and
cheesecake muffins, brownies, chocolates, pasta, sauces. I'm talking about low carb and sugar-free.
Chips and dip soups, ketchup, coverlight ice cream and lots more including champion light drinks
and five delicious flavors. While not brownies by control carb, carbolite candy coated chocolate
covered peanuts, apple cinnamon granola by carb sets and crunchy pretzels by carb sense. Whatever
you do, don't choke on them. And don't forget that the lights you can sample anything in the store
before you invite and all those Atkins brand products rest in peace. All the Atkins products are on
sale all day, every day even on some of the store at the lights of West Boko. They're open every day,
seven days a week, ten to ten. And you find the lights on the northeast corner of Glades in
441 right next to Boston Market. You can call them tool free at 1-877 Low Carb. That's with the
LOWCARB on the web at lowcarb.com. For all you fat folks out there trying to lose that
weight. There's one thing we all understand.
Alcata won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
We could chase around forever with our tanks and all our troops, but special forces are some
tire of jumping through them moves. You know we need another plan.
So let's cut out all the nonsense and go blow up Pakistan.
Now, we need to need to nuclear tank. Why don't we stop pussy food and go blow up Pakistan.
Well, I hate these papers that make it filahola.
Boom, boom. So today's the weather of the Charleston, the newspaper, the post, whatever.
Those are fun. The post in career and Charleston.net. And here's the story I'm looking for.
Police find no drugs. It's strat for the higher whatever it was. And then you go to click it on and
print it out. Police find drugs is rep for that. And right away, oh please tell us a little
it's as easy as one, two, three. And it got about a whole bunch of questions.
Not just a bit.
You got to call out your name address and you choose size and all kinds of crap.
I don't have time for that. 220. We got 220 bucks.
Yes. I'm pleasantly surprised. That's not too bad for abandonment rescue.
Because this isn't really art or thing. This is just like, you know, a piggyback, right?
A piggy bank piggy bank.
220 bucks. Let's get it to nice even 300 by two o'clock.
Okay. Go see if he really talks like that and person and yes he does.
And he's crazy in a bedbog and we love him.
I'm like that.
That's him. It's no act involved there, man. What you see is what you get from not only two o'clock,
but the 40 women's to go out there and like any maybe Miguel at your hold on to his thing.
Napalato parts 1911 North State Road 7 and Margate and we also got the maybe some tickets
if it went to the United States Panther Penguin game.
So is Mario playing Scott or what?
That's that? No. I don't know.
Maybe, maybe not. Well, no, say no because that means that he'll play.
Oh, no, absolutely not. So there's a good chance Mario is going to play tonight because he's
had that hip flexor and he said that he's going to escape this morning and see how it feels
and hip to. So maybe old number 66 will be out there. I know number 69 will be there.
But at any rate, so you didn't get no tickets tonight's game, huh? Well, that's why you're in such a
sour mood. Maybe it's that paycheck you got there. Look at that. And I'd be in a sour mood too.
That what? So I, you know, they, I hope that this isn't one of those stories because this does
happen once in a while. Once in a great while, like even on CNN, it's got all these hours to fill
up with crap. They'll show it unbelievably outrageous story and then you never see it again.
You know what I mean? Right. I hope they don't do that with that straightforward high in that
of the status Charleston. What? They better not even though it's in a real Yahoo place.
Well, that's not the point. That thing is. Oh, you mean like the US? Yeah. It's an Yahoo place.
The US man. Oh, there's a president in North Carolina raised another million bucks for his
reelection campaign. Okay, let's get some more movies on this list before we get out of here. Okay.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. Now this calling Parkland's been under for like eight hours. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. First of all, movie young Frankenstein. Okay. Now in regard to the subject to
do your political situation in the United States, I found was best described recently by Lewis Black.
We said the Democrats have no ideas and Republicans have bad ones. Right. That's very good. I like that.
I thought he hit the nail right on the proverbial squarehead. Also in regard to the idiot that
called earlier and talked started talking about the economy being good and everything and you cut him
off. City was chronic. Yeah, please remind that school that the economy was good during the Vietnam war
to when we only lost what was it? 58,000 of our troops. Yeah, guns and butter man. Remember that? No
question about. But a question about it. And the fact that this conspiracy does exist between the
Bush family and the Saudi government is beyond dispute anymore. It's only a matter of how long it
takes the American public to wake up. And you, Neil, are one of the great alarm clock. So please keep
pounding on it and hopefully some babies more on. Oh, yeah. Listen, that's that's Michael. I'm
going to change the world right here. I don't know if you'll change the world, but you have you have
already changed the dog's up. Okay. Thanks a lot, Pali. Take care. Who woke the dogs up? Remember that
somebody? How about how many people woke the dogs up? Hey, listen, I'm doing the best I can in our
little corner of the world. And of course, it could make a difference because you'll be calling
Florida. Where we have a lot of dumb people, including not just red next. We got some dumb old Jews
too. Can't figure out how to vote. So they voted for Papu Cannon. You know, we had a little bit
of a problem in Florida. That's what gave us this bunch of Nazis and enabled in the steel election.
And put all this over on us again with these right wing fascists. You must see, I'm telling you,
I am begging you, some of you people who really give a crap about these things, put on a tape, put
on CNN. I mean, you know, if you're not going to be watching TV, put our start your TV or whatever.
And get CNN ruling because I know they're going to show that story again. Sure.
Just to see it is so eerie and so scary. I guess there's some people that don't think there's
anything wrong with that kind of a thing. Is that so? Well, if you don't have a country, they want
to live in, but it sure is hell isn't the one that I want to live in and quite frankly don't live
in that much anymore. And that's part of the reason for it. A lot of people don't believe kids have
rights, you know. I see. So in other words, if it happened to be their kids who got basically
slammed down to the floor and then handcuffed if they didn't go step along and the search and gun
point for drugs, I guess they wouldn't be concerned about that. See if it was their kids, then they
might be seeing a different tune. Just like if it's their kids who are going to be brought home in a
casket in a coffin that we're never going to see from Iraq, then maybe they're going to be start
screaming loud and saying, Hey, this is a bunch of crap. And I don't want my kids to be done for
nothing. For a bunch of graveropters, for a bunch of lunatics, for a bunch of crooks,
for a bechtel in Halibut, and is that what the American kids have to die for? Okay.
And let me say again, all of this air be bit of it was decided whether you wanted to decide it
was 1992 or the P-NAC meeting in 1999 before they stole the election by all the old chicken
hawks from back in Reagan days, but of course Ronnie forgot. And we'll never find out about that unless
you have a showtime if they've decided to even show it. And by the way, you do realize that they're
showing on showtime the Reagan ministers, but they're making changes. No, I didn't know that. Yeah,
oh yeah. Oh, we're not going to show the one that the producers wanted that you'd be on.
The bad foul. No, no. So every time you turn on channel four in South Florida and you see
tears coming from the CBSI, you'll understand why the eye is crying. 29 votes for the Godfather.
I didn't know no Godfather. Did you? No, we were in the olive oil business.
You know who I am. I'm no great. There's no the tape made my bones when you were going out with
cheerleaders. 29 for the Godfather. 16 for Caddy Shack. Airplane 14. Airplane is just great.
Big Lebowski 11. History of the World Part 110. South Park the movie 10. Clockwork or in 7.
Pink Floyd the wall 5. Four for Greece and networking Godfather 2. And a endless summer Scott 3.
Three votes for endless summer. I think it's called endless hummer.
Isn't it? That Bruce Brown and by the way speaking of Bruce Brown,
a one who made all of those movies. Your game. The other wife, you know,
in a son, a surfer, a son. So I don't know maybe just keep it all in the family.
It's a 26 past one. You know, I'll tell you one thing for all wants to nets and man for some
dollar, man. Are we going to get that taken care of or not? High boy has the connections.
He's going to have always on vacation or something. Some permanent vacation.
He's sitting there eating like pork fat right off the damn pig.
And anyway, we'll get it done for his Scott. Just relax. Okay. You stay on that cot for a
little week or two. We'll get a thing. Carob. In fact, when I get down there, man,
you're going to see some real changes when I sales department because I'm not pulling no punches
this time. I am just going to unload what a bunch of do nothing assholes, man. The word work is
not a nerve vocabulary. Just like when you get that agency copy and it's got all the mistakes
in everything. And God forbid looking at it and proofreading it and seeing if there's anything
that makes sense in it because that sounds a little bit too much like work, which is not the
vocabulary of the QM sales department. Writing orders as a glorified order taker, that sounds good
at them. 26 after one. Hey, I'll tell you something sounds good for me. And that is getting
a good night's sleep. How do you do it? Well, on the way is just having you a good mattress,
a quality name brand mattress and dollar mattress. The end of a mattress industry is loaded with all
kinds of BS, all kinds of shell games and dollar mattresses. The reason that you ought to be sleeping
great every night because you just make one easy call and avoid all of that. That's right, no
bait and switch, no phony promises. Just low, unbeatable discount prices every day on the top
mattresses in the world, including now, Stearns bananas foster. And when you call 1-800 mattress,
you still get that unbelievable delivery deal. Nobody can match it. You pick the day in time for
delivery and eat to our window seven days a week when it's convenient for you eight in the morning
to 10 p.m. And believe me, they'll show up when you expect them. So you don't have to waste a
whole day of your life praying that somebody shows up. I've been sleeping on a dial a mattress for
years. You ought to be doing the same and all the other people in the building are starting to catch
on Miguel and Bokobrion and George and even disgusting fat boy are sleeping on a mattress from
dollar mattress. Honest sales practices, unbeatable service every day low prices, same day delivery
free setup and removal, what an unbeatable combination from dollar mattress. So please don't get sucked
in by the so-called giants in the mattress industry or those expensive furniture stores. They're not
in the same league with dollar mattress. Call them today. You'll be sleeping with a big smile on
your push as soon as tonight. Call 1-800-MATRES or online you'll find them at mattress.com.
Charge with the felony. Charge lots of people and suburban DC.
Sniper Muhammad is trial set to start. He had people jumpy when they heard of
the fire. Monday morning went to get some ammo. Tuesday he goes shooting with his son.
Wednesday they get busted by the police. They found a girl.
Sniper Muhammad, part of a psychopath and we won't be happy to leave him the chair.
I am 132 at 560 WTAM. So here's a fact that says how could you possibly have forgotten
and wrecked him for a dream so quickly we didn't forget it. I mean you can't pick him on.
I would have put Magnolia on there but that would have got George up set.
No, I don't care. Actually I really think Magnolia. I love Magnolia. I don't care what you say
or anybody else's. That's me. Well thank you. Plus it's over three hours long so it takes a lot of time.
And Godfather how about the trilogy? Sure. Yeah let's do that. Finally printed this out. I set them
of course I made up my name now as Schwartz is my last name. One thing I learned a hard way because
I'm really dumb and I'm one of those few who admitted I'm stupid very slow on the uptake.
You know those pop-up ads there was one day last week when my computer which my internet here
is as fast as lightning okay thank knock on wood. But one day last week in the afternoon it slowed down
and I thought I don't know this is getting ponderous. Yeah because I don't have the patience for it no
mole especially after you're spoiled with a lightning fast connection. So one of those pop-up ads came
up on there you know and with the phony test and we're testing your computer you know in a red light
early good like really it's poor and the speed up your computer and it looks like Eric has warned
me the more legitimate it looks the more likely it is it's a fraud right real fancy and glossy and
multi-colored and all the lights are flashing and so I sign up for it naturally I send them my credit
card information and I'm buying the and see first of all you should be able to download it without
going through what buying anything right but in this case then they're going to send you a backup
disk and all of this and you're in the early year you're addressing your shoe size and your credit
and then I realized that and then they're going to email you back with instructions how to download it
did I ever get an email back of course not no so what I did was after I sat and I looked at the wall
kind of played in my navel I said I think I just been had so I called my credit card company in
cancel that card to send me a new one very good no but I mean how long does it take before we how
many years finally wise up and realize that you have to be really cautious putting stuff on the
I mean if you do know and then I find out for example at amazon.com there's even a fake amazon.com
you know that no I did not yeah there is now I don't know how you wind up getting linked to that
but there is one it's uh make believe that this is a real one with an s I don't know I have no idea
it's spelled with a cue so anyway I did finally get this story down here that we saw on CNN
goose creek south Carolina and I'm telling you I don't care what your politics are I don't care what
your IQ is smaller than a bread box if you see this piece if it doesn't like scare the crap out of
you you've got to be like numb you have to be totally numb just let your facts where people can
go see it goose creek south Carolina reports of drug deals at stratford high school led to an early
morning police raid this week in which about 15 officers cordoned off the main hallway to search
for marijuana several jeweler guns but didn't use force police said oh see I they're just
searching for marijuana right I thought they were searching for like maybe a little bit something
stronger than a like maybe maybe uh maybe dry Russian's oxy cotton supply or a little a white powder
something right they're looking for mirror freaking wana baby for the wacky weed several jew
their guns but didn't use force police said officials didn't arrest anybody during the lockdown
at 6.41s. day morning a police doctor said residue on 12 book bags but found no drugs said
lieutenant davirons of the goose creek police department the goose creek police goose step police
several officers did a pollster their weapons and a tactical enforcement approach he said there
was no force whatsoever everyone was very compliant well not thought what they said on CNN right
they said some of the students who one didn't want to like uh go uh goose step and right on down
against the wall got handcuffed official charge and ninth grader wins they have known with
filing a false police report the juvenile said an officer shoved her to the ground during the
search errand said principal George McCracken oh oh oh oh I love it that is brother Phil is brother
Jimmy crack corn principal George McCracken said he had the school officials and the girls parents
reviewed video surveillance tapes and after uh reviewing the video the video tape determined she
wasn't even in the hall at the time so you see yeah cracken went errands on monday with suspicions
about marijuana exchanges at the school based on camera recordings and reports from students and
teachers within the last three weeks there's been an influx of drug activity i've been in this
business 34 years and i've never seen the amount of activity we experienced recently said McCracken
who's been principal at the school since it opened in 1983 several weeks ago a student was
arrested trying to pass out between 200 and 300 prescription pills he said actor school ended
Friday one student turned another claim to have a weapon we're not going to tolerate
him McCracken said we have to ensure the health and safety of our students and staff
errands said he watched school surveillance tapes from four days that showed students congregating
under cameras periodically walking into a bathroom with different students and coming out moments
later well maybe they're having a good time in there never know the suspected group of about 10
students come to school in early buses tape show a network of lookouts errands and McCracken said
they're pretty knowledgeable in terms of where to stand they know where the cameras are if they
stand directly under them the cameras don't look directly down faculty can see the students from
other cameras but from my quite a distance away they see silhouettes police told the students 107
by the way happened to be in the hallway during the big raid police told the students to sit on
the floor put their hands out officers search only book bags that the police don't respond to not
students McCracken said he believes a lookout alerted the group Wednesday morning by cell phone
after seeing after seeing the police arrive later in the day two other students who found
them a cafeteria during less were charged with disturbing school oh my god I can't stand it I can't handle it
there's drugs going on baby in that school so let's bring on to go stuff oh yeah that's
not more dangerous than pot what's that oh you better watch you're not gonna have a pot to kiss
in man mighty python the holy grail or somebody says thank you uh kites kites also hear somebody
who's in sales why we were commiserate with him in boi in beach he says how about glengary glenarass
okay yeah this poor guy can probably watch it all day it's great movie highly underrated I don't
know why more people aren't into that glengary glenarass phenomenal acting just unbelievably good
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a t and t and t at the tea here's girl springs hello
Neil yes sir dr. Strangelo okay also you mentioned an article before about that no good
lying bitch and cold yeah who was it that wrote it and what newspaper was is he in uh David
Corn it's in the nation David corn k o r n see see just like coral or come yeah in the nation
yeah okay she should only joke on a piece of corn take care exactly thank you see yeah she's
you gag on it in fact she's probably picking some corn out of her stuff right now because my good because
she's your full
we're sports radio five six you a yeah don't have a penis I've never had one I swear
well congratulations get alive oh yeah right
I was gay dreaming I'm still on the charts still having hits
and I'm still making money baby
baby
the
Oh
My display
Go in and chose up his good for business
Feeling the ground forever but I'm doing fine
This is doing fine though I have left the building
I'm still doing fine
I'm still on the charts
By the way information you sent me on it facts a little while ago before the last break was very interesting I wasn't aware of that
Well there you are good excellent I'm pleased to see it 145 with 560 WDQIM
And here's the facts from a listener in Lincoln Nebraska
Listen's on the internet you can watch that story about those kids in South Carolina
on MSNBC.com thank you very much
Also Zach in New York City well let's see this facts is hand-good and the last part of it I'm a little a gas stat
Two campy movies for the pool 9 to 5 with Ali Parton and Lily Tomlin and Mommy Deeris so he's got two but we didn't want campy movies right?
No no no
Also you should write a movie called Laurel Canyon great movie in a good soundtrack what is that?
Don't know
Finally and here comes the worst part Zach your website needs a makeover it's not organized I can help
You ready for that our website needs a makeover our website is effing outstanding
You don't think so?
Last time we got some help on the website all kinds of bad things happen
Yeah I'm not doing that
Exactly and of course you certainly had your finger deep inside of that so to speak
Our website is great
Our website is sensational and Eric all of a sudden pushed up big time because I don't know why
I guess because you bitched him out so much but at any rate in fact everybody ought to be going to the erudges.com
Not just the vote for the movie because this pool today sucks let's face it they don't like it
But to check out that weapons of mass destruction countdown the WMD countdown that maybe in fact you know something?
That's a good poll yeah
What's the best thing we ever had on our website?
Maybe we'll do that maybe I'll do it one day next week the weapon of let me look at that it's such a beautiful thing
I guarantee he came out of the same family tree with precious there's no question only she's got a high rack hue
We've been digging now for 230 days 13 hours 47 minutes and 24 seconds and you can watch the clock continue counting long
Ain't found nothing but oh yeah darn it and there is the WMister he put the WMWMD and he's and he is chimpin it up with a vestibum
It's a beautiful thing got to see that so thanks anyway Zach but no here's a call from Kendall hello
Kendall is gone just as well or I was on a wrong line like I said here's a call from Kendall hello
Neil are you sure sorry about that?
Let me ask you why is that nobody in America broadcast that stuff that you're playing on the radio?
Because America is worried about getting more special deals in the government that's why
Viacom that's why Viacom and CBS cancel the Reagan mini series
I'm believe also I thought boating for color man that that that's open to mine big time too
Excellent and for my poll I want to vote for I know it's a cheesy movie but I want to vote wild thing
I'm stranded yeah if I'm stranded I said they're right and I want to make a good point
They're good point pal you know good chicken chick accident you know something
I'll keep your eyes on it and have a great day
He wants to see the old wild thing I think he wants to do the old wild thing maybe even with himself
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T you'll have to get a permission slipped over by the way from the government before you can do that
Poppill may help NS sufferers see there you go again start when it right on the heels of that nice story about those dangerous kids in South Carolina
Or have them all and then drugs
There you go again holding drugs and sex and dangerous things and movies and dancing and stuff like that
A marijuana pill appeared to relieve some of the symptoms of multiple sclerosis in the first scientifically rigorous study of the strongly debated drug
You ready for that I'm ready I heard it the research published this week in the Lancet Medical Journal found that even though the improvements could not be detected by doctors tests
A greater proportion of patients taking the drug reported reduced pain and muscle stiffness than those taking fake capsules
You know sugar pill
Experts said the mixed results make them tricky to interpret some said they were encouraged any improvement was noted
While others said any major effect would have shown up in the doctor's test
One study leader dr. John Zedges said some Polock from the University of Plymouth in England said the research raises questions about what's more important to doctors measurements or a patient's perspective
It's like the guy that goes to the doctor says hey doc how do I feel right it's like that again yeah
Yeah, if there's a I think if there's a conflict it's what the patient feels that's important
So I think it's quite encouraging said Roger per tweet a professor of neuro-neuro-pharmacology at the University of Aberdeen
Who is not connected with the study so there you go one more reason to light up big fat one okay over the weekend
Oh, but of course it's illegal so come on up here. They won't do that one
This is which when you're practicing
QAM
Have a million dollar weekend
Rub on your QAM
56
If anybody has a opinion
The sending from our way
We'll place your name into the system and send me of the state
Don't even bother to question just follow
Everybody sending
Faces
Us
In the
Activities
I'm here watching all of you
Everyone does a special
So what you do
This is for nation and all you might
Let's
In push
For the nation
Faces USA
Get out of here
Don't you
Don't you
Don't you
Don't you
Believe everything we tell you
And the state run new
Bloodworn, four cornbread
Fill up your escalade
A roof and chainy bush venue
That's just USA
We don't like to see our jobs go
A by the time of these bulls
We're fascinated by jail
Don't read no stupid bulls
All is now are in waiting
The tax of Farrah can wait
Everybody's turning taxes
Black SQS thing
I told her that Eric is the best in my
New York.
Thanks for your help
But the answer is still
No.
Now we're doing fine.
If you look on our website
That is beautiful.
Ain't it?
There's the people
Because here's a fact
It says from Jimmy and Boca
Please tell me the name of the show
You were airing clips of
I just joined your show
Yadi Yadi.
And there it is.
Are we getting a lot of calls
Out the air for the website
Isn't that right?
There you go.
Listen, make it really easy for it.
That's what we want to do.
We want to make it simple.
Simple solutions for simple people
With a simple president.
Right above the weapons of mass destruction
The picture of W with that monkey lips
Is a link.
Conspiracy theories uncovering the facts
Behind the myths of 9, 11, 2001
The fifth is state from the CBC
And here I just click on whatever you want to look.
The interviews, the congressional report.
A hell of a lot more in depth than just the clips that I played.
Right?
Right.
All the good stuff.
All the good stuff all the time.
So thank you, Eric.
You are phenomenal.
Is it?
He's the best.
I said more stuff.
He said a little more enthusiastically than that.
That's the best I love him.
I have a very good feeling.
Eric, you need it.
Although he doesn't want to be associated with people like you,
but never mind.
I understand.
I still love him.
Oh, sure you do.
Okay, here's the pull question.
The first pull we had earlier, in case you like,
or cracked out or went out to take a big one.
Hillary, now I forgot how that came out.
How are Dean one?
But Hillary put in a real good battle there.
Three times.
Three times.
Three times.
And she come up pretty good.
At any rate, how are Dean one it?
And then of course we had about 13% of bush liquors out there.
And despite, don't confuse them with the facts.
Like I said, it's not politics to them.
It's a religion.
That's what it's all about.
Do you think that he really believes all that crap?
No.
I know.
Although he is dumb enough.
You know what?
It's possible.
Because keeping my channy and the henchmen wolf wits and pro all these guys,
they're the ones pulling the strings like that article I read.
No, he doesn't believe it.
He's still doing all the same things he always has been.
At least I as far as I'm concerned.
Oh no.
You think he's drinking with the Prince Bondar?
Bondar.
If you only had one tape or DVD movie that you could watch,
it's like if you were stranded on a desert island somewhere.
What would it be?
Godfather, 38 wins.
Hands down your pants as they make you another offer.
Kati Shack, 30.
Kati Shack is strong.
Airplane 22, I like Airplane better.
The Big Lebowski, the Big Lebowski's got 15.
History of the World Part One, 13.
South Park, the movie's got 11.
Clockwork Orange, 11.
Pink Floyd, the wall's got 9.
Godfather, 2's got 8.
Greece.
Five people like Greece.
I can't tell you where they put it.
No worse got five.
Monty Python and the Holy Grail Four.
Endless Summer, all you Thirfor Boyd.
Got three.
I can't get over that.
The Great Outdoors Three, young Frankenstein, two straw dogs, two.
Glen Gary Glen Ross, two.
Glen Gary Glen Hills got one.
Until the end of the World One.
And no votes yet for Requiem for Dreams.
Maybe that's why we didn't put it on there.
Well no, you know why I wouldn't want to watch that over and over again?
It's too depressing.
Right on.
Dr. Strange Love and Wild Things have none yet.
But the Requiem for Dream Don't Have It.
It's a great movie.
And it's the one that you will watch several times if you get it and we're like we are.
But you don't want to see it like over and over again.
Because it might just make you want to throw your brains out.
Or just blow.
Or keep checking like on your inside of your elbow there to make sure that there's no purple haze.
320 at the joint.
And they're gone.
Not bad. We've got over 300.
Thanks for out here to mess baby.
Mad Dog coming up next.
Bye bye bye.
Send me the Roger Show on Prices.
The only QA has to buy it on me for Lardale.
We'll Campbell and Raten.
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Absolutely.
