Have a good weekend everybody. Neil is coming on and they've got a new license plate now for them in Florida.
Neil God is the new the 80th selection plus a corruption case
scandal breaking in the Florida government everybody's
Buster partner on those numbers partner. What's the story? I don't know any
Do you always explain it to me? I have no yeah me and my buddy Neil or me and my buddy Howard
Listening
Oh
To say that to you nice going partner. Yeah, we're the morning show. I had reached over and just ripped that weasel right off his head
I'm
I throw caution in the win with these people in their ratings
They are counting you had an 8.6 between the two of you had a 4.3 and men which means two two-hour segments 8.6
Which means you had an 8 and he had a point six?
Absolutely you got to love that if I get an 8 share they'll let me live in a cup back right next to you
No, thanks. By the way, it's raining here. Hey good luck to you
That's great. I hope the I hope is about
Duce's Toronto it is good things about I love this flooding and just infrastructure damage the subway system
So I change in my toner baby you might as well
Hey, listen to you with screw up George. George. Great ratings. I'm T
George. George. I have word toner empty George. Great ratings
Nice going George. Way to go George. Have a nice weekend, Neil. Say you two Fox
Yeah, I was a pretty lame crossover, but I'm busy changing my toner because I told her it said was empty
It's Friday you
Use that kind of language around me
Yes, I have stop it. 50 friends when they
Yes
The straight guys are more like five women
They care of your bedroom and throw out your clothes
Wax your eyebrows block the hair from your nose
they're good at their jobs, but they say to pee
Cause those queer eye for the straight guys are more like five women to me
OOOH!
OOOH!
They can carry away
With the things that they say
They're so happy and gay
Come on, I don't know what to say
OOOH!
They can cut like a knife
They won't change your whole life
Or they're even your wife
By the time that they leave you
You're thinking their way
It's no longer a bit spread
It's now a new day
And you find yourself shopping for fresh totale
OOOH!
Those queer eye for the straight guys are more like five women to me
It's okay, everyone wets the dead now and then
Look at that, uh-oh
It's nice here to stay but I don't know
But if they're in town please send Carson and his friends to me
It's raining here, it's a rattle man
It's raining, it's a little a little bit of a breeze
Not a big deal, nothing's going on
And so on the front page of this morning's national post
I wish you could all see this is a beautiful thing
Little sarcasm
Hold it up to the microphone
See it?
Oh, look at that
It says it's got like five pictures, color pictures
It says we're here live waiting for the big storm
Here she comes, any minute now
Yep
And it shows all these reporters out there getting blown away
So CNN is crestfallen as storm Peters out
Ah
You don't have to be an airline expert to know that flights are being disrupted by hurricane Isabelle Wolf Blitzer was saying yesterday
He then introduced an airline expert to tell us that flights were being disrupted by the hurricane
Flights are beginning to be disrupted by the hurricane the experts said
The hurricane had made landing in North Carolina Wolf called the exes though allied soldiers had made landfall on the beaches of France
He referred to CNN for respondents as being on the front lines
After offering a hysterical recap of the hurricane's progress thus far
He somehow, he somehow summoned the adjectives to go on
Hurricane Isabelle menacing Washington, enormous cancellation of flights
The boomerang effect, enormous ripple effect, enormous impact, feeling the wrath, bracing for the effects
Hours later CNN's Tucker Carlson was on the streets of the capital bow tie peaking out over his yellow slicker
There's a light breeze and it's drizzling he reported
During an interview with the hurricane expert Wolf not stands roughly referred to hurricane Andrew which was a category 5
Meaning it was especially severe with the highest possible sustained winds
Wolf then reminded viewers that Isabelle is only a category 2 he sounded disappointed
Wolf continued we have a wind speed indicator on the roof of our building here in Washington DC
It just recorded a gust of 26 miles an hour and it's only going to get worse
It would have recorded a category 3 if only they placed it directly in front of Wolf's mouth
CNN cameras were trained on beaches and unrecriational vehicles these presumably being considered the safest bets for airborne visual drama
When not trained on beaches and RVs they were trained on the network's correspondents who were standing in the middle of the storm for no other reason than to stand in the middle of the storm
There's a certain excitement that goes along with these storms anchor Miles O'Brien said from CNN's Atlanta studio
It doesn't mean we're hoping for extensive damage or anything
Some correspondents held onto railings subheld onto lampposts others pressed one pressed up against the large platter
Others stood leaning dauntlessly into the hurricane winds their rain gear flapping intrepidly
Not a whole lot of damage here just a few shingles flying off roof's reporter said
Another remarked well there's a sign over there that's coming down they sounded disappointed
Frequently we were shown images of the hurricane on something called 3D radar which is just like regular radar but with an extra D
On 3D radar the rain was colorized yellow so you can see it the CNN meteorologist informed then back to the RV still stubbornly resisting flight
And the reporters are fearless correspondents holding on one anchor exclaimed
CNN brought in Bill Nye the science guy he explained why the roofscape ripped off houses and hurricanes
I didn't take notes but I'm pretty sure it has something to do with wind
Then Bill started talking about fish and how they're shaped and what that shape means for how the fish move through the water
Then Miles O'Brien to a fish on the illustrator the interview ended abruptly not long after that and the coverage continued
The storm has remarkable resiliency Isabella shut down the federal government the fury of Mother Nature tremendous wind field no sign of letting up
The storm surge had been predicted to reach seven feet the hyperbole surge had already surpassed it
It's going to blow all night long your correspondents said and one sensitive wood both along the coastline and into the microphones
That's the front page article little sarcasm a an a national post this morning crappy paper though so it's raining here it's just raining you know what I mean
No I don't know is that raining like real real hard are there like buildings coming down and signs no no
They're like wild hurricane like wind no it's raining
Anyway here's the result of the pool from yesterday
What's your who's your all-time favorite den actor actresses we continue with our series of dead people Mo
Absolutely Mo loves this he's obsessed with it can't believe that we get all these people listening when we're talking about dead people
You'll be on the list soon Mo especially when they get can you imagine next month when we get the hour by hour right that's our biggest demo too by the way the dead people
He's still a stone wall and right now but a month from yesterday it'll be all over Mo all over but the shouting when we have the evidence right in my fat hand
Oh it's going to be a beautiful thing
We sit up probably about that point be up to a five share in morning and men which means for all we'll have a nine more we'll have a one
Who's your favorite all-time dead actor actress? I'm pleased with the way this came out John candy hundred nine
Let's hear it for the fat people
John don't call me Miriam Wayne 84 Steve McQueen 68 Peter Sella 66 Jimmy Stewart 62 Humphrey Bogart 61 Bruce Lee 59
Carol O'Connor 56 Jackie Gleason 56 I like the way this turned out don't you yeah no arguments
Jack lemon 50 Walter Mathau 41 George C Scott 38 Jimmy Cagney 30 Carrie Grant 27 Alex Guinness 26 Marilyn Monroe 26
She was the highest a female on there not too many females at all on here's a matter of fact
Errol Flynn 22 Charles Bronson 20 Kate Hipper 19 there's when she's almost a lady
Carrie Grant 12 Rod Steiger 12 Bellagosi had 10 very pleased to see Bella doing well
Eddie help me Eddie from that great Richard Harris 9 Anthony Quinn 8 or some Wells 8 Grace Kelly had 8
Rock Hudson 7 Betty Davis 7 lead J Cobb 5 Edward G Robinson 5 Peter Finch had only four he was second to last you know what I still don't care
He's still my favorite I love Peter Finch his performance if he was never in any of the movie beside network that performance alone
Makes him my favorite I'll leave you don't seem too excited about
I'm a man of hell I don't think I think I think I'm gonna have a lot of them on the drop and last John Kizelle
Frado had only two you ready for that one for each important movie he made one for rain just I
What was it dog damp dog dampen on and one for the Godfather well what do me he was in Godfather's one and two
Hey Frado let me dry a picture of a fish you know what the Hail Mary's didn't help Frado any more than the prayers help Pat Robertson steer that the hurricane
Isabel away from Virginia Beach Virginia then worked at it Pat now you're losing your touch or maybe the Lord is busy listening to other things
12 minutes past 10 at 560 WQ I am happy Friday to its rain in pretty hard here it's all I can tell you it's right the show from the middle of what's left of hurricane Isabel and then exciting I'm excited on location as Neil gets blown right on the
Year you know it's that time of the year again when the mattress showrooms and furniture stores run their phony crappy add sales down a mattress has a question for you if you double the price then offer half
Off is that really a deal no of course not the fact is these stores have to run some special sale to drop their prices nearly as low at
The amount of prices every day prices 365 days a year so for this count prices on dozens of models the top name
Sealy sure to temper pete Simmons King Coylor Sterns and forsta you need to call one 800 mattress no nonsense no bait and
Switch no house brands no falls promises and best of all you don't have to pay no premium for the best service going anywhere
You get service like you dream about from the delivery team right number one when you call down a mattress at 1 800 mattress you still get to pick the day and time for your delivery you pick the
To our window like noon to 2 1 to 3 etc any day 7 days a week when you're going to be there from 8 a.m.
Built in PM and to be sleeping like a baby the first night I've been sleeping on a mattress and down a mattress for a
Coons age you ought to be doing it for yourself and your back and your partner as well with low prices same day delivery
Free set up and removal it's easy to see why down a mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction
So don't be fooled don't get conned in by those mattress soroms or phony furniture stirats
They can't match anywhere near what you get every day from dollar mattress column right now
There'll be there in no time at all knocking on your door call 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATTR ES or check them out online at
mattress.com
We're supporting you 5 CC
QAM
I
Number one
Bobby open the door what do you want?
What are you doing in there? I know you're doing stuff then
Leave me alone. Oh man
Well, it'll pop these up in his room
Logging under his new del�
See are you online again?
Leave me alone and he's downloading music from
Cosmos
Swap it with his buddy. I don't want you doing anything illegal in there. I'm doing my homework
Well, it got the new job they're in hasn't even hit the store. I am music
Blaming in
But there was trouble when the federal is not going to pop his door
It's made up my mind right through his head body in a swat car and hold him away
I didn't do nothing wrong
Take him away, officer
They find in 20,000 and they're gonna make his parents pay
This is coming out of your allowance sign because it's not legal to take music without paying on me in a man
But everybody does it now
Liv, don't Bobby's facing charges and he's not out of a fifth grade
Yeah, I suppose if Billy jumped off the prison break he would do now
The tiny shots in trouble and he's got no idea what he's done
Music I didn't kill anybody
They treated it like he was a kinder Oh, Jason
Sorry, they're still stealing Bobby is wrong
And the lesson to be learned is one you should know from the day your boss
I'm sorry, I mean, I said you'll listen to me, don't get caught down
Lord, music save your disk drive memory for a part
There you go
There's the best advice you ever had Bobby 1018 and 560 WQ I'm happy Friday to you
So it's raining here that I mentioned it
Yeah, it's raining
I love this little thing you passed along to me here from one of our astute listeners
It says an elementary teacher starts a new job at a school in Tallahancey
And trying to make a good impression on her first day explains to her class that she's an FSU fan
She asked the class to raise their hands if they too are FSU fans
Everyone in the class raises their hand except one little girl
The teacher looks a little surprised and says, Mary, why didn't you raise your hand?
Because I'm not a Seminole fans, she said
The teacher answered, well, if you're not a Seminole's fan, then who do you support?
I'm a Gator fan and proud of it, Mary replied
The teacher now become interested in the loan to center ass, Mary, why are you a Gator fan?
Because my mom and dad went to UF and my mom is a Gator fan and my dad is a Gator fan, so I'm a Gator fan too
Well said the teacher and obviously an Oed tome, that's not necessarily a reason for you to be a Gator fan
You don't have to be just like your parents all the time
What if your mom was a prostitute and your dad was a drug addict and a car thief? What would you be then?
Mary said, I'd be a hurricane's fan
Hurricane's BOW
Yeah, nice going, Mary
Thank you so much Bill, that's Bill and Fort Lauderdale not the one who hates George George
Thanks Bill, excellent job and no forget
Hurricane's BOW
Make no mistake about that, whether the name Isabel or any other, whatever the name, Vinny, Gino
Remember Gino Toretta?
Sure
He's the only 85 year old quarterback that ever played in an American university
Here's your friend PR Ralph's, we're the Puerto Mican people support Jorge a job well done
Now you have money to pay the weed debt or else take or timeless Los Oevos
Congratulations
Since PR Ralph, your close personal me go to, I think everybody in the audience ought to be calling all you skeptics out there
All you people that bust little George's balls all the time
I mean, okay, so he didn't do like spectacular, he did very very well, though he did great
Not, you know, a super sensation like double digits, like Neil
Like Neil sometimes does, but nevertheless
See, here's what a lot of these assholes don't understand
First of all, the best of Neil tapes suck, they're done
You will not hear those no more
Maybe I'm like some holiday when we have like Christmas day, we got nothing else to put on
No, you won't be heard out on this station
They suck, they're outdated, they're put together very schlock, etc. All before we get back to that
Do we have an update? I hate to ask because I know the answer is going to be low from yesterday, no
Just what you got yesterday and not a new one today, no
Have you heard you talk about money, right?
Right, no, not a new one
Because I want to see us get to 25 grand by the end of the day today
They are going to be really parked off in a really sour mood the rest of the weekend
We're going to be able to do that until after that appearance
After what appearance? The one that's after that
Well, I don't have nothing on that either
That's on your fax machine
It's why? On the fax machine
You mean now? Right now, if you reach over, there it is
I just reached over and saw my fax machine
Best of Neil's stuff this afternoon, I don't know how Joe and Mark did it yesterday
But they usually do just a few bucks
I am a good man
How much? I don't know, I was yelling at Miguel to come back in here
Yeah, come on Miguel, get with it
You're doing such a horse ball job this year
I know Doreen needs to get serviced at least once an hour
But Gortskoreo, put that thing away for a minute
Let's find out what's going on here
This is really schlucky
How much?
40, I must have heard wrong
He just shouted it out over the intercom
They raised $40
Are you serious?
I'm sure I heard wrong
Are you sure? $40, he just got cut off
How much? I don't know, pretty sure he said 40
You know something serious, if Joe and Mark raised only $40 for the abandoned pet rescue
With all of our good merchandise yesterday, with our CDs and more Howard David and Edson Leachines
I'm going to be so pissed at them, I know what they got
I have nobody listening
But nobody shows up unless you're on the air promoting it at the time you see
Oh yeah, that's it
So what's going to happen tomorrow between three and five?
Today
The Sanctonone Georgia will be at Fort Lauderdale Harley on Federal Highway just south of Oakland Park Boulevard with prizes
Oh yeah, there's really heavy duty QA and prize factor
Atlantic City subs from our good friends at Atlantic City of subs
Dickens, cider, energy drinks and whatever else so we can give away
Plus our best in the merchandise will be there
Three to five this afternoon
Georgia at Fort Lauderdale Harley
And we better get with it
It's a good place to go the Fort Lauderdale Harley shop
Nice clothes and there's always lots of brawless babes running around the store
All right!
Really? Really?
I'll be damned
I'll be damned
I'll be damned
I guess I better turn on a Playboy channel momentarily just to get everybody to remove your pants today
Come see the Harley twins and ask them to see their two-pack tattoos
Look at that, it's one of the beasties planted in the background while she's trying to figure out what life is all about
It was, I think it was a Bruce Beasley there
So anyway, go see Georgia's afternoon and help us out because Joe and Mark just stumped the joint out
Do you have any idea how mortifying that is?
To race Ford and I was joking when I said
I was pretty much had my thumb on it
40 bucks, it's like one CD and one keychain or two CDs or whatever the hell they pedaled yesterday
That's lame, Joe
God, all might have done it
I just walk away if I were them
I just walk away
So we'll give it a good shot, give it a lame shot and we just, nobody likes us
John and the lady away
Yeah, that's a good idea
Because if I were them after seeing that last book
Be afraid, be very afraid
I wouldn't be spending my next paycheck nowhere, no more
Anyways, so that's the deal
Go see Georgia's afternoon and give us some money
But I started to say I think everybody in the audience owes you an apology
The ones, at least the ones who are the naysayers
They're always ripping you and ass about your ex-soction
Especially that bill in Ford Lauderdale
Not the one who faxed us that cute thing moments ago
Maybe here's somebody the first call today
Is somebody who's going to kiss your ass
Here's Miami, hello
Why are you so miserable?
No
You're going to kiss your ass, it's got to come right on it
Not all fours
Boring, boring, boring, south, or at least we got the hurricane here
The remnants of it, we got a little Isabel
You got Celia Cruz, we got Isabel
And she's got better an aneurys on her head
Just raining a little bit of wind nothing, absolutely nothing here
Okay, here's our poll question today
Who's your all-time favorite dead musician
As we consider compiling, I gotta continue compiling these polls of dead people just to piss off more
Absolutely
Who's your favorite all-time dead musician
Now I could have filled out a whole bunch more on here
But then that would take away the opportunity for you to have some fun with it
Or not
John Lennon, Jim Morrison, Elvis Presley or Kurt Cobain
Those are the only four names I've put under here
So you have a chance to add to it
Then Monday, I don't know how we're going to word that one on Monday
You know
What's it?
The other
For people like
Famous others
I like that
Not politicians, not musicians, and not actors or actresses
I don't know how we're going to word that
Carefully
Well, we'll have to finger that out on Monday
But we're talking about people like, you know, historical figures
And veterans like Thomas Edison and Henry Ford and Benjamin Franklin, Albert Einstein
Albert Einstein, Alfred E. Newman, people like that
In fact, we might actually put Alfred E. Newman on there now that you've come right down to our very good world
The gnarly guy from that magazine was his name Ed Gaines or something like that
You know, Ed Gaines was the publisher
Yeah, that's what I mean
He's dead
Yeah, he's dead
Love Mad Magazine, that's why we got Alfred E. Newman as president now
Yes
It's how popular that thing was
26 past 10 at 560 WDQM if you're looking for a really great new place to eat breakfast
Lunch or dinner
How about Vick and Irv's from Rochester, New York, right in South Florida now in Fort Lauderdale?
Vick and Irv's has been around since 1934 as a small child about 100 years ago
I loved it, and still do
Vick and Irv's is located on Federal Highway just south of Broward, in the tunnel on the east side
Vick and Irv's is a flashback in time to what restaurants used to be before fast food
If you love those ruches through White Hots even if you never had them before I guarantee you
Love putting one of those in your puss go in and enjoy a burger or hot dog served hot fresh and fast
Vick and Irv's is brought to Fort Lauderdale by the same guy's feeding you T. Burger T. Burger
Vick and Irv's uses the same fresh 100% ground chuck meat as T. Burger T. Burger
And offers an incredible big juicy quarter pound hot dog
What makes Vick and Irv's different from anybody else in town because their burgers and dogs are served with
Vick's signature meat sauce poured on top giving you combination of flavors available no place else in the universe
If you're looking for something else to drive Vick and Irv's has got all kinds of great dishes like a great breakfast menu
I'm let's cook the order French toast pancakes all your favorite side dishes too go buy it Vick and Irv's and see what all the talk is about
Why they were so popular in ruches do just like they are already in Fort Lauderdale
Vick and Irv's on federal highway just out the bar and pull the bar to the tunnel on the east side
Tell them that old ruches steering and meal Rogers sent your buy
I am all
This is sports radio bicycle
You way am
Come on come on come on come on now tax me
Be
I don't know
Santa take all the money that I've been
And while you added all the things
You adding salt to injury
Just take my firstborn baby
Now I'm taking the
Duck's
I'll be your
King
I'm gonna find some tax look
Oh just to make those
Ways all spits
The IRS
Come on come on come on come on now tax me babe
Tax my dog
Tax my freaking to pay
Okay
Tax my patience
Tax my sanity
Yeah I'm gonna lose it anyway
I ain't gonna be cheap that's let it be
I voted for Jim Morrison who should win this pool hands down your pants no contest
Although we have a fax from Anna and for Lauderdale Anna says I vote for Kurt Cobain
Well you have a lot of nerve Anna
1032 and 560 WDQM 56070560.560 I probably shouldn't have done that shouldn't I
Couldn't resist I just gonna help myself I'll go ahead
Count 560 on the AT&T by the way general Wesley Clark was at the deli day and yesterday
Picking out
All you jump bandwagon jump see I'm still for Howard Dean I realized that that makes me an old
Funny Dutty and that I'm just not a you know just not hip and whatever I'm supposed to be I like Howard Dean a lot
Because he's got balls because he doesn't change you know from one minute to the next he doesn't say one thing one day
And then when things don't turn out too well it says well you know we're just not managing this thing all I will
Because Wesley Clark said that he probably would have voted for the congressional resolution by his fall authorizing the war
During his appearance at the highly touted deli then which used to be great in Hollywood and is now pretty marginal
At best remember when the deli then used to be really great didn't one of the owners that commit suicide
There was something
So where is that number? Yeah I'm positive by the way William Gaines
Gaines William Gaines was the publisher of Mad Magazine
But genius how about Don Martin how about him how about he's dead why why would you say that you think Don Martin still alive I do how do you know that we would have heard about that I think we did but at any rate
So you can't remember them all there's so many the reason I enjoy doing these Deadpool all that we want to say enjoys not the right term but the reason it's timely
Maybe it's just me but it seems like they're dropping like flies. No it's
It's going on famous people well known people whether it's the local scene like our friend Don Cox passing away a few days ago or like a nationally
First we had Gregory Peck and Kate Hempburn and then we had Johnny Cash and John Ritter and they're dropping like flies they're dying over here man
So I think it's appropriate that we start honoring the dead people because you know after a few months few years it's like yesterday's mass potatoes you know nobody wants to eat it
Bons Scott AC DC singers a great choice for your pool Bons Scott I know Bon Jovi yeah I know Scott Bale I know
I love Bons Scott it says his voice was on kirritunes like highway to hell dirty deeds TNT a whole lot of rosy at all thank you so much
Thank you for whoever called it I thought Bons Scott was in the accounts here with the stones they had his body on stick
Well he could be up there with his stones most of them are dead nobody don't forget Frank so not try oh Franky Panky that opens up a lot of bits I can play
Now the reason I just played that task me it's kind of a week bit but it's only a doors one I think that we got isn't it?
No I think we have a people are strange ones somewhere in here we do I I don't know what you call people oh we got peppy fields she's dead
I just looked under peepy wow I don't know what it's called anyway so what's his name was there Wesley Clark
he was in Hollywood to kick off his official campaign and we had a lot of you know bandwagon jumpers already and
Florida and around the rest of the country to see it's not just the Democrats but anybody who realizes that Bush is a
emigrated liar and is surrounded by a bunch of real evil doers and ought to be impeached already I mean yeah it comes
I have the Husspa there you look on our website today you'll find some really interesting articles there about what the in fact one of
me was the effort a few times that's so pissed off how can this man not be being impeached right now oh well no we never
said Sodom had nothing to do with line 11 and then well no he really had nothing to do with al-Qaeda I know there are no weapons of mass
destruction this morning they're announcing to us breathlessly that they discovered that they had no smallpox at all right so every
every couple days well they didn't have any of this they didn't have any of that they didn't have any
seren gas they didn't have any serendipity any audio and yeah so what does this all about yeah that's exactly so anyway we're
going on a band by getting the more really disturbing is article in the Washington Post it says general clerks said his views on the war
resemble those of democratic senators do Lieberman of Connecticut and John the scary carry both of them voted for the war but now
question president pushes stewardship of the Iraqi occupation that having been said I was against the wars had
emerged because there was no reason to start it when we did we could have waited he said during a 75 minute session
with four reporters while he was eating kishki and probably lots of mots of bride now you don't eat that this time
here like you have mots of bride yes I have oh Clark now here's what I did he's time this sound a little like Arnold to me
yeah Clark said he has few specific probably policy ideas to offer voters right now and offered a few thoughts that might
surprise Democrats flocking to his campaign as recently as Sunday night he was unsure if he should run for
president so Clark said voters need to give him time to think things through see if it's me I got me call me crazy
you're crazy I know but if it's me I start thinking things through ahead of time and then say hey maybe I got some answers for things that will work
like the economy and like this mess we got in Iraq and like the war on real terrorism and all of these things as
opposed to saying hey guess what I'm running now let me figure out what I want to do well that that's the way
worse now here's a lady in Atlanta hello hey how you doing hey Neil this is Diane hi Diane I used to live down there in
home step through hurricane Andrew wow I'm so glad you got out yeah me too I bet I catch on the internet here at work excellent and I just
really I missed being down there listening to you all the time but I do get to hear it work good happy about that excellent my favorite musician that
that is Elvis Elvis he's good you think he's been a win yeah I don't know we got four names on there right now and he's in
last place so he needs your help oh okay well I guess he does the king needs your assistance Diane absolutely absolutely can I say hey to my brother
who's down there in plantation you bet all right hey Robert have a great day Diane it's nice hearing from you okay you do be good bye bye
there's Diane she's in Atlanta now she's starting to speak like them folks in Atlanta pretty soon she'd be one of them I hope not not for your
sake Diane nice lady five six seven oh five sixty who is your favorite all-time dead musician now the
early we put just the four names on there we got look how many votes we got third man uh John
11 14 Jamoris and nine Kurt Cobain four Elvis has only got three so Diane he needs your help the king needs
a happy hand or maybe another helping uh and you said that the John Lennon would run away with it yes I
might not exactly run in a way with it he's in the lead but he morrison's right on his lily white ass
here's a call from weston hello hey how you doing Neil pretty good how you doing well this kind of
yes every day I see the news I hear three more uh the serenessment got killed yesterday yes they did that's right
is there a website that tells exactly how many you know west the west of death count or or whatever you know
how much is know how many people have how many servicen have died since this whole fiasco uh I don't
mean no there is one I think I think they try to find one but I couldn't you are linked up to the
sites that we have linked to have something on them from the mentioned one question you know just
uh which weird about this I still can't see how you know because I can know how you know how they say
you like when the when the original election in 2000 they had like a demograph of who which
which people voted for which president you know by the I guess by the way of the thing but I
can't believe we have this many people that are blinded by the right you know that is they just
voted for just you know trying to see them on the TV I'd make it make me almost kind of a shame to be
American. Amen all right well again um just hope for the best hope we can get our guys back over here
you know soon yeah then they're encouraged they've been trying to ask for help for for sure he didn't
want the help for you you know for the United Nations now he's got his uh hand up his ass and he's
running there and uh he's making all kinds of overtures please help us out because we're drowning
in a sea of red ink and red blood yeah it just it just it's just amazing how we can be you know how
you know I don't know how I guess that of you know this I say approval rating so high
it all they all the mess well yeah when you consider that 70% of the people still think that
Sodom had something to do with 9-11 even after everybody came out except for Cheney and told us
that he didn't what does that say man it kind of makes you wonder how you know how smart the uh
the American uh you know public is it's about there a month of you know I guess maybe the
beginning I think the word moron is what you're looking for me yeah okay hang in there pal have a great
day yeah that's America's middle name yeah Eddie Cochrane somebody says a guy that made such great
music in a very few years Eddie Cochrane get him on there right away okay how about Wayne Cochrane
now he's still alive and he didn't really make well he's one of his good buddies Wayne Cochrane
you know that no I didn't the Reverend Wayne Cochrane you can't make it be in a musician be a
preacher that's a little richer done that's what she done 10 41 19 to 11 and 5 60 WQM I'll tell
you what's uh really going big and South Florida that's Brandy shoes they've been over there for
over 25 years and they just keep getting more and more popular bigger vitamin in fact they've got
40,000 plus pair of shoes and stock in their humongous 8,000 square foot megastore and that's just
a little mom and pop shoestor animal but thanks to their popularity they've grown to be humongous they've
got everything you're looking for all the top names they've got rock ports echoes mafisto timbulin
clarts s a s floor shom you name it they got it and no matter how big or petite your feet may be
they got remember that song reek petite by Jackie Wilson no really what do you know really anyway
men 6 to 15 they got women's five to 12 and what's from the very narrow to the very wide I bet
your bulk of Brian does because he's no far like me with a really great memory for meaningless stuff
Brandy is a great place to take your feet for a perfect fit every time because you get personal
service from people who know your feet inside and I think you can even identify and probably
by the smell Brandy shoe is the 12 19 refitable highway and pop it up in daily nine to lines on
they stand to five and it's a great time to shop Brandy's this week because all men's and women's
famous brands are on sale take 20% off brands like rock ports naturalizer s a s timbulin and lots
more stop and are visited Brandy's issues or check them out on the web at brandy shoes dot com
line and local sports video by 60 you a
I know you must feel the same way after all these years it's been a lot of some times when you
have a problem it helps to talk with others who have the same problem okay elbows you got some
to share with the group now yes I do help us with like you sir thank you very much for
all I know you're giving me orders and double cheese pieces for you know you get some peanut butter
nanosamics instead like you all listen to an encounter session and you're a local
melanin center melanin where chronic elvis impersonators go for help now once again what was out
you saying Elvena well sir I think it's time the people step discriminate against us female
impersonators of the elbows you know I got some burns too learn to recognize the early warning
sign twitching lips swing in here I'm all shook up incredible weight gain more tweaky splints
at Elvis anonymous we understand that impersonating Elvis is not a career it's a disease
so please send what you can to L&R members Tennessee and thank you thank you sir
like you like a very much like you like a whole lot what's up in the
hello shake up oh yeah 1047 it can't stop just like Moe it can't happen self so the deal on
Wesley Clark is some of us are going to be jumping on a bad wagon all that fast you know we're
gonna kind of take a weight and see attitude just gonna ample we're just gonna kind of
ample forward shuffle now the thing is big an ambulance forward on our pool because we don't want
like overwhelmed Eric with these daily I don't know how do I say delicately we don't want to
like get them all bent out of shape so at the end of each hour we're like add on like a bunch more
that we uh that you called in please suggest it right all right and then go away to do it sure
so in other words you might not want to hop on their vote right away so you see the name of the
whoever it is that you like that you want to vote for whatever now what is this the case of the
wayward pastor with an eye patch became so bizarre before it ended Thursday that drew spectators
even extra security Marty Tinglehoff a war in eye patch due to recent scuffle with police
suit the church he once passed it in guinette this must be in Georgia huh okay and that I don't
know for more than 166th ran he was asked to resign after allegations they was drinking gambling and
possibly addicted to sex court document show Tinglehoff and Reed to leave the 300 member river of
life church in December of 2001 after a decade there he wanted a hefty severed package but the
church stopped payments prompting a civil lawsuit well it goes on it greatly on you also are you
suspect me the uh pull oh
has this habit which I try not to mention on the air because it's pretty embarrassing that
here I have facts him stuff and then he faxes it's post-affection to Eric up in Orlando to put
on our website but he just has this habit of faxing it back to me I guess just to make sure I
didn't forget about right because I'm getting old and kind of feeble money the one and I'm getting
old and feeble too obviously very obviously here's a call from Oakland Park hello hello Neil yes sir
quick impression of George it's right and John it's right and John it's right and John yeah yeah
because who that is it's right
it's John 5 6 7 0 5 6 5 5 6 5 6 5 6 5 8 8 and T lie here's Miramar hello
hey Neil yes sir I have something for your full Bob Marley Bob Marley how could we leave the
roster man out alright mom okay thanks one light up a big one Bob Marley for all you druggies out
there I can't handle that roster here I'm awfully sorry does that make me a bigot okay well I just
can't look at it what a time-wailing had some roster here no I couldn't stand it you would dread
it just like that I would definitely dread in fact when I go into a deli I dread locks can't stand
fish I know uh who was that soccer player that we hit on the other day and at one pull I don't know
back um the David Beckham very good oh you notice now he's getting on a payroll maybe one of these
days soon Scott starting like actually respond once in a while very good don't overdo it though
but David Beckham is good he's got he firstly had like the real short almost skinhead here
and I always found the other extreme because he's making all this money figures he can do whatever
he wants plus he's like a big idol over there I have no idea why because he's like a marginal
looking guy he's okay you know he's very well know the brits a bigger part he's married to one
of the spice girls that is correct how come you're so like David Beckham intensive you got like a
blow up doll at home or something sports guy yeah you told us you weren't one of those sports
nerds now sports you said all you like is hockey and you only told me that just to suck up to me
by the way leaf speed the Swedish national team nine to two last night one of those meaningless
exhibitionist games I just mentioned that in passing five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the 18 and Tia but she's a lot of a seven about the panthers down there no isn't it no
everybody's whipped up into a frenzy marlins are half game ahead boy tonight they got the braves in
Atlanta better look at that schedule right away mad dog two to four Henry Bolberg four to seven
three tough hours act I'll hope man by the way nice go to the mad dog and hang on a trend two
excellent job they want that show five to six so like I said two hours for the hamper that's
more like it marlins on decades seven marlins at the brave seven thirty five eighty can't
get a baseball game ESPN radio overnight because Joe and Mark aren't doing it they're not cutting
it man they're not doing it they raised 40 bucks for a band and perrest yesterday I'd be embarrassed
wouldn't you if you go to the Saturday noon to where the hell you're going where is it for a
day of Harley Davidson it's Reverend Jones but if you go out there raised only 40 bucks you probably
wouldn't come back on Monday would you yeah I'd come back anyway I have no present factor obviously
if you only raised 40 bucks don't come back I'll put more in here's Boyton V. Chau
hello yes sir no how you doing great I got I don't know if you want to recover for your pole
there for one one Jimmy Hendrix Jimmy Hendrix exactly right under Bob Marley I see I see a good fit
okay okay mine watch out for the purple haze Jimmy Hendrix the greatest guitarist in the
history of mankind next to Andre Cigovia and Eric Clapton and Jose Feliciano
and Corp and Jose Feliciano I used to like him you know I think he's still blind is he still blind I'll
be god damn is he still sticking the stick in the star spangled banner is that what he's
think they actually made a record out of that do you remember that no I remember please
now your dad please on your dad but no seriously they made a single of 45 out of Jose Feliciano
the star spangled banner he done a great job on that well don't look at a lot of these
artis to just butcher and butcher and butcher him which is already a torturously bad song to
begin with he covered like my fire too with a blanket how about he didn't really mean it but he
didn't see where he was putting it he covered like my fire oh this god man what the hell got into
him you must have got like a free meal or clear yesterday okay let's go into him now we understand
wow no don't get so about it so the word is that early this afternoon is when we're going to get
the heaviest not a big deal here in Ontario but I mean the heaviest rain and like a little something
so that it wasn't all for nothing and they show there was like a tree down somewhere in the city so
what we do you know I love that front page of the national post and it's really a crappy paper but
that was so beautiful and they've got pictures of all of these correspondence with their ponchos
on and a whole thing getting blown away almost okay let's see now how can we have additional names
on here I thought he was only going to do at the end of the hour oh he listening oh well he
listen as you can Eric we don't want to overwhelm you or burden you because the last thing we want
is to like sour what has become a decent relationship you doing a great job with our bedtime stories
as I am by the way and George the last thing he needs is for you to start going sour on him again
and getting psychotic and the last thing I need is for you to start calling me up here again
because believe you me 87 votes your all-time favorite dead musician note this is a pool in progress
if you don't see look at look at this but I tell you this he he responds like a train puppy you know
note this is a pool in progress if you don't see your favorite on here call it in and then you can
vote for later so now he's going the other extreme I say I think before you get the second
name out of your mouth. He'll have it on there already. I love Eric. He's doing a fine job.
I mean, he used to be a real asshole, but then you know, something happened. He got religion.
92 votes. John lemon 37. I told you he's running away with it. Elvis Presley 21,
Jim Morrison 20, Kurt Cobain 12, Frank Sinatra too. And nobody else has any votes. Oh my god.
Nobody else has any votes? Here's the fact that says dear God,
why is Frank Zappa not on that list? Well, because we haven't gotten there yet. We haven't
suggested it till now. He is now. You know, probably the one bit, well, I won't say more than
any of them, but one of the ones that I enjoy playing almost more than anything else. Bobby Brown
is Bobby Brown. I don't know. We also got Bobby Barr. Hey there, people on Bobby Brown. So we'll
get to that. So Frank Zappa's unlisted says, I won't vote until he's there. What you can vote
momentarily because I guarantee you from a dedicated listener recently moved to Memphis. Well,
good luck to Memphis. You'll need it. He moved to Memphis and he ain't voting for the king.
What I probably excommunicate his ass by the end of the day. Freddie Mercury, George and I were
talking about that before the show. We could have put him on there already, but we figured, well,
give you something to do. You know, if we put him all on there, then what do you people going to do?
He said sit there and diddle it. You know, Freddie Mercury, get him on there. A real queen.
Anybody can be like a make-believe queen, but Freddie was a real, he was like maybe the
definitive queen. The maple leaf queen? He was a maple leaf queen.
Carlo Fax is here and says I would have to say my favorite dead musician would be
Who Drummer Keith Moon? That was my vote. Wasn't it? Yes it was.
Speaking of moon, it's just dawn on me. We have that drop-in that goes
Get the Hoover out the moon, man. Maybe that's why he died. Maybe they stuck the Hoover up is
back down. Shoot. The greatest drummer in history, his manic playing was the inspiration for
animal of the muppets. Most rock star behavior and cliches were drawn from his life.
How do you like that? He got eyes on George, whatever that means. Nice one George. He says you
got a nice one. Oh, he's seen it then. Keith's moon. Get him on there right away from the hood.
He's still dead by the way. Are you sure his, I was able to see how his still is blind?
This is 4205 City.
I'm going to get a good job and be real rich.
Get him on there. Get him on there.
I'll tell you people I was not ready around this day by the name of the
President. You need a little speech then. All she tried to make you say when.
She had the balls in her thighs but she left the fish. I guess it's still a thought,
but now it's too quick. Oh god, I am the American green.
But now I smell like basil leaf and I'm a miserable son of a bitch. Am I a lawyer or lady?
I don't know which. I wonder, wonder, wonder, wonder.
So what went out and bought me a laser suit? I jingle my chains but I'm still kind of cute.
Got a job doing radio, come on.
And none of the jobs can even tell I'm a homeowner. If that's me and me and a friend.
So I've drifted along as a SNM.
I can think about an hour on this hour of power.
Along as I guess, so little gold and chow with all of God.
I am the American green. With a spindle of my butt till it makes me squeak.
And I'll do anything together.
I'll lay away nights saying thank you, friend. Oh god, oh god, I'm so fantastic.
Thanks to Fritz, I'm a sexual stash to give a name in Bobby Brown.
Watch me now on Google and my name is Bobby Brown.
Watch me now on Google and my name is Bobby Brown.
Watch me now on Google.
1103 at 560 WDQ. I'm happy Friday. It's raining cats and dogs here in Toronto.
But you know something? No big deal. A little bit of wind, a little bit of breeze.
They finished the breeze. Here's a fact, two votes, by the way, for a friend's app already.
Now get some votes. And rightfully so, I love friends.
This act says this is from Jean. So I guess he likes anybody named Jean.
Jean Crouppa.
Was it much better a much better drummer than you have a Louis Armstrong cab, Calaway, Duke,
and at King Cole, Adorisins, Valibara and a one and a two.
And yeah, Lawrence, what does that mean? Do you have any ideas?
No, Jean Crouppa. Do we really want to put on Jean Crouppa?
Why not? He makes me Pupa.
Jean Crouppa, he couldn't play the tuba.
Okay, put him on, he won't get any votes. You have to be really old even if who the hell Jean Crouppa was.
But Jean finishes out his facts very nicely by saying, impeach Bush.
Nice going, Jean.
Did I do the story about the world as old as genitals being found?
Well, here it is. London. This from Reuters, no less. So it might be true.
Scientists have discovered fossils of the world's oldest genitals
belonging to 400 million year old insects in ancient rocks in Scotland.
I didn't know that insects had genitals, did you?
Of course, how else do you think they do it?
The penis of the ancient harvestman insects commonly known as the Daddy Long Legs.
Oh, I know him.
Oh, you know who didn't make our pool of dead movie stars?
Oh, John Holmes.
Somebody had called but he hung up and he was going to say that.
Yeah, how do you know that?
Of course, he told me so and I did not want to know that.
Why not? You have to tell Neil.
What do you mean he didn't want to know? Oye, see.
The penis of the ancient harvestman insects commonly known as Daddy Long Legs was two-thirds the length of the body
and remarkably similar to the modern-day species New Scientist magazine said Wednesday.
To discover the world's oldest genitals proved that little has changed over the last 400 million years,
at least for Daddy Long Legs, the magazine said.
Jason Dunlop and a team of researchers from Humboldt University in Berlin,
who will present their findings at a conference in Aberdeen, Scotland,
also uncovered a long egg laying organ called an overpositor from a female,
an overpositor.
As well as genitals, the fossils have the oldest known arachnid respiratory system,
suggesting harvestman's ancestors had long since crawled out of the sea and learned to breed the magazine.
Harvestman arachnids are sometimes mistaken for spiders,
but they're more closely related to ticks or mites because they don't spin webs.
Unlike Moe, they don't spin a wicked web.
The previous oldest penis was dated back 100 million years and was found in Brazil,
belonged to an ostracod.
I wonder if he had his cod piece on.
An early crustacean related to crabs, shrimp and water fleas.
Oh, how are they?
The penis that had crabs when he had the oldest penis on an early crustacean.
I'll be damned.
Now that dated back 100 million, this one dates back 400 million years.
I guess that kind of shoots a hole in the Bible crab.
I remember...
...perventating isn't real, it's a satanic plot.
Yeah, it's a satanic plot.
Okay, are you stupid people out there?
Just believe all those geckys, okay, all that nonsense.
They're religious.
Look, look, look, that good old mumbo jumbo, and I do like chicken gumbo.
Oh, speaking of this, speaking of penis might as well do this story right on the ass end of that.
Sadame Shaka at New York High School.
Do you see this story on our website?
Yeah.
A Long Island school board is voted to win the high school football team season the mid allegations that some players were sexually assaulted by older teammates at a training camp.
There we go with that same old stuff again, over and over again.
Football.
That's a date!
Club you moron!
Right.
The Belmore Merrick school board decided that one's dinner closed or meeting cancel all of the MEPM...
MEPM High School football teams games news they reported yesterday's editions.
Three varsity players ages 15, 16, and 17 allegedly satamized three junior varsity players with a broomstick, pine cones, and golf balls while other players watched the newspaper reported.
How do you like that?
I better do that lady in the Delray Beach, because ladies won't hang on.
Earned a new beach.
Hello.
Lady in the Beach.
Hello.
Yes ma'am.
I'd like to nominate Ronnie Van Van.
Okay.
And this is Valerie Thompson from the day you beat.
I love your show.
Listen to it every day.
Thanks Valerie.
Have a great weekend.
Thank you.
Goodbye.
Bye.
Ronnie Van Van Van.
Cut it though.
Got it.
Anyway, three varsity players ages 15, 16, and 17 allegedly satamized three junior varsity players with a broomstick, pine cones, and golf balls while other players watched the newspaper said.
The alleged assaults for a place of campy and in Preston Park, Pennsylvania were about 60 met from high school players and five coaches spent a week last month.
They were spent.
Newsday said Pennsylvania State Police were investigating the allegations no charges have been filed.
The three accused players have been suspended from the team but not from the school, pending the outcome of a district investigation.
School officials and players have said that the coaches didn't know about the incidents to one of the victims' parents reported to the school principal several days after the team had returned.
The school board found that many of the teams players violated the district's code of conduct by not reporting the alleged abuse news they said.
How do you like that?
Some players sexually assaulted by older teammates is more that factory continues in the world of young guys sports.
You're gay.
Yeah.
That sounded like Reverend Jones.
Yeah, I did.
Yeah.
560, 560, 0560, 0560 on your AT&T and Verizon wire up this line.
Who is your all-time favorite dead musician?
John Lennon's running away with it.
I predicted that.
I really didn't think he would.
47.
And let me ask you this.
I'm not going to wait till somebody calls it in.
How about George Harrison?
Okay.
Well, what's wrong with that?
Let me put John Lennon can go on there and get all the glory.
It's because of the tragic murder and he, you know.
Well, George Harrison did exactly die of very pleasant death.
No, but nevertheless.
Never less my ass.
It's all about the hype.
Lennon was hyped long before he was shot and then he met with a terrible tragic ending.
I should probably be upset with Lynn who facts in three names.
See, I don't, but I'm not going to be upset because there are three good names.
Stevie Ray Vaughan.
Right, right.
From now on, we're going to limit it to one for customer.
Although I want to get to these other factors, I'll probably have about 30 each.
Buddy Holly.
I mean, I don't know.
Of course, when we say who's your favorite, see, I can't argue because it's your opinion.
It's like, what's your favorite flavor of ice cream?
If you say vanilla, who the hell am I to say your taste is crap?
And Roy Orbison.
Roy De Bois.
Why sure wish I had that?
What's that one?
Oh, we have the traveling wheelbarris, don't we?
What's the name of that thing?
Is it the ancient wheelbarris?
I think so.
No.
Aging with something.
The ancient wheelbarris?
What the hell is the name of that thing?
Anyway, so thank you, Lynn.
Even though you did put three on here, we'll get the wrap set about that.
Here's Bob Weir of the Dead and Rat Dog.
Bob Weir.
Huh?
Is he relation to the...
Is he kind of the golfer, the Canadian golfer, Mike Weir, you think?
No, no.
Bob Weir.
Put him on here.
W-E-I-E-I-R.
I have no idea who that is.
It's from the Grape of Death.
Oh, wow, we're going to put him on there.
Guess we're going to put Jerry Garcia.
Yeah.
Sure.
I say with great reluctitude, because anybody that's one of those deadheads really, really their
taste is deep inside their tush.
Deep in their tush.
Here's a call from Plantation.
Hello.
Hey, Veal.
Yes, sir.
I called to put Jerry on.
Jerry Garcia.
It's my psychic powers again.
Bob Weir's alive.
He is?
Yeah, he ought to be dead because he sucks.
Okay.
But Jerry is the man.
And even when he was alive, he was gratefully dead.
Hey, man.
Well said.
And for real in the morning, he sounds like Bobby Firestein.
Ever seen together?
Yeah, no.
Ever seen together?
Ever seen together?
Never had that.
Ever had that.
Ever had that.
Ever had that.
Ever had that.
So let's cross Bob Weir out because he's still alive.
They hit him with five shots and he's still alive.
I just love the way that Solotso said that.
He's obsessed with it.
And then he does that jaw thing.
I wasn't with a jaw.
It was more like with a teeth.
Yeah, whatever it is, like side to side.
Mm-hmm.
You know what Sunny said?
The thing you blow their brains all over your nice cyberleaks suit.
The thing you blow their brains all over your nice cyberleaks suit.
Okay.
The thing you blow their brains all over your nice cyberleaks suit.
That's what's interesting.
How about John Bonham or Glenn Miller?
Oh, we're not going to put Glenn Miller on it.
I mean, why not?
You're not in the mood?
I'm not in the mood.
Oh, man, are you getting old?
Wow.
I got in the other room.
We got the seed.
That's a scary.
Okay.
John Bonham and Glenn Miller.
Well, Glenn Miller was very, very popular on the RCA Records after WWII.
I saw that movie.
He was an innovator.
Yeah.
Okay.
He should have tossed him down the elevator.
John Bonham and Boer getting a humongous list here.
We apologize to Eric because I know it's an awful lot of work.
And he might, you know, burn off a few calories or something bad like that.
It's 1112.
It's raining here.
Did I mention it's raining?
Yeah.
We got the ass end that we got Isabelle's ass end here in T.O. and in Ontario.
Because anything evil and bad that happens, we certainly don't want to be left out on the heels of the SARS-2.0 once but twice and the West Nile and the Mad Cow and the Tainted Beef and the...
Pudies.
Pudies and the power outer outage.
All of these things.
We don't want to be left out.
1113.
We got the Mad Dog at 2.00.00.00.00.00 including the Dave Wonsdads.
We got the Mad Dog at 2.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00
You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink.
You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink.
You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink. You can't just go to the shop and get a drink.
I think I may have thought something when I'd think through that summer that day. I always thought you were a fool. Well, let me show you like a fool. I think I may have thought something when I'd think through that summer that day. I always thought you were a fool. Well, let me show you like a fool. I think I may have thought something when I'd think through that summer that day. I always thought you were a fool. Well, let me show you like a fool. I always thought you were a fool. I always thought you were a fool. I always thought you were a fool. I always thought you were a fool. I always thought you were a fool. I always thought you were a fool. I always thought you were a fool. I always thought you were a fool. I always thought you were a fool. I always thought you were a fool. I always thought you were a fool. I always thought you were a fool. I always thought you were a fool. I always thought you were a fool. I always thought you
love him and I always thought you don't love him and I always thought you don't love him and I always thought you love him and I always thought you love him
Nothing somebody passes and says Randy Rhodes as he's guitarist not the Howard bitch with a good heart, but no clue
No clue is exactly right, but Randy's gonna save the world you watch
I'm watching and you know we're gonna save the world from itself from all these or horrendous things going on all this death and destruction no
Delhi then
That's the hub
That definitely is the hub the nexus of the universe
Lynn and Iowa who's still around nice here from your Glenn. He says how about Janice jump?
And of course we don't want to leave her out. What's that I think that we've got?
It's a bon generous what if
It's I don't think I put that in ACN. All right. No, I know exactly where it is, but I all the other stuff that I put in here
Now and then put that in there yet. So that's a little homework for me to do
Jesus age crisis this facts. He's still warm and he's already forgotten Johnny Cash. Oh, how could we?
I would hope he belongs on the pool. Well anybody belongs on the pool if it's your opinion. I mean, you know anybody reasonable except
All-time favorite dead musician is obviously it says on this one jury Garcia. Oh obviously I can't imagine any other way
I mean should you get all the votes?
Obviously, obviously
But this one from Hollywood says can you vote for a group? Leonard Skinner who went down? Well, they didn't all die. No
So we've done a plane crash you have not Ronnie Van Sant who's already on there. Thank you, Jay can Hollywood also
I couldn't get you down the nerd pool. How could we forget Woody Allen and Conan O'Brien did we forget them? No, they were both on there
But thanks anyway, Jay can Hollywood just having a rough life five six seven oh five sixty look it John Lennon just run it off and hiding
Because yoga is right behind him. No, because he sees that guy in the street
But that was his name Chapman right was his first name mark
Mark David Chapman see he came to John Chapman the harness driver. He's dead too by the way
He's a John Chapman the Roosevelt raceway
John Lennon 56 Elvis Presley 29 how about Charles Conrad Jim Morrison 27 Paul Kirk Cobain 15
Kurt ain't doing all that great. You know what? No, he needs not feeling too good either
What a lot of nerve
Anna Bob Marley 11 Jimmy Hendrix is right on his ass still nine
Wouldn't surprise me at all
Frank Zapp has got eight Frank Sinatra's only got five good. That means we don't have too many old parts with computers
Freddie Mercury five on bond Scott of AC DCs got two Keith Moon one Eddie Crockin one here. I see his only got one good
No votes for Jean Cooper John Bonham Glenn Miller or Ronny van Sant yet as of yet
We don't have Roy Robinson on there yet or Stevie Ray von her buddy Holly or George Harrison
How come George Harrison ain't on you yet Eric how come you down there? I don't want to start getting pushy Eric
I think he's being rather selective. Okay. Here's one Tucker who's becoming frantic facts are frantic
You see the way he up Princess stuff out wild. I like that handwriting
Please at oh see Marvin Gaye. Can I change my vote?
No, I like I like to Morrison, but I love Marvin Gaye
Say has there been another soul or R&B singer to compare him with and the answer of courses. No
How about that's Waller
What do you think this nobody knows who that is?
Who's dead though?
560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line so many names a little time. Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, Neil how about you sir?
Senior Cruz. Yeah, of course outside out of mind. You two famous here. We all of who give them in Miami. How about Barry White also
Sickeningly sweet. Yeah, very white. I'll put it on there just a humor him okay. It's a good thing I chopped them off
He probably had a list of about third man. Yeah
Cilia Cruz baby. Don't be leaving out poor Cilia see
Not I want to see it five six seven oh five sixty. Don't forget Georgia's half known three to five
This is pressure pack because if he don't raise a leaf 40 bucks, he can't come back on Monday straight
Three to five at the Fort Lauderdale Harley on federal highway just out the Oakland Park Boulevard
I'll have some crappy QM prizes, but Atlanta city subs and some Dickens cider energy drinks and
We'll have all our best meal merchandise the CDs and the Mall Howard David of keychain
Absolutely. I don't think those things are going over that big are they do we have like a I don't want to confess that
Because Miguel told me that you know when he announced that we had leftover managed key chains. Mm-hmm. Those are the ones they want
Yeah
How do you like that? All right. Yeah
No, not only they hate you and your show. They don't want your stupid keychain either, okay? I mean yeah, it's really
That's extra bad on my part to be ripping because he was he was decent enough to even though of course there were a couple
He didn't want on there
But he was decent enough to allow us to do that even though he had no say in it really but you know
This is better than sex see there you go
Who wouldn't want one of these key chains
Somebody that hates him like poison
So they ought to be his soul like hot takes
Yeah, why not how about you asshole? Isn't that honor?
Oh, I love it
See that's about the only thing I like about him is the fact the way he says that with such
Tremendous enthusiasm and such vent them in his voice is the one guy says you got real vent them you asshole. Oh, yeah
See when he says it you asshole. He can tell he means it
Airby bone his brittle old body is just just on a verge of bending
Cracking when he says that
I line two doesn't have a location on there, which is probably operator error somewhere
Probably do you have a dare to say something?
Here's somebody from somewhere. Hello. Yes, sir
Thank you
What is it he loves those animals
Go to the eye
Oh, you know something I don't think I'm gonna recover. I'm gonna have to take the next six weeks off
Don't do that. No, listen to me
They raised $40 yesterday. Joanne Mark, where we're in 20 bucks was from the guy with the eyes. Oh, no
Oh my god seriously if Joanne Mark show up Monday night to do that show I'll be shocked
I
Aren't you dismayed and grossed out by that?
I'm touched and honored that he would come all the way to wherever they were. Yeah support in other words
You're trying to say it's better than you
Yeah, yeah, how did I guess the guy with the eyes?
Oh my god, joe cussed Dullel and Mark Eisenberg. I would hang my head and you shame I'd hide under the bed
Because no, he did not show up so that 40 bucks was not from him. What do you mean? He won't whatever contribution he made
He didn't make it there then
I could hear him. I'm like he was in a room closet or in some closet
David cancini anyway, he went to a van hit. That's when he contributed. I see
27 past 11 at 560 WQM joanne Mark still by the way below it was a horrendous
40 bucks guy I could find that much like loose change on a sidewalk
Hey, if you got a little loose change and you want to plunge this weekend on all the big football games or whatever
Maybe you want to bet on some of those exhibition hockey games
VIP sportsbook.com is hot float is best. We got on this radio station a zidian sportsbook that are trying to pedal to you
In fact, I heard the hopper yesterday talking about Costa Rica. Cobalt. You know what Costa Rica is?
It's a jungle down there
99% of these bookies are down to and a jungle's good luck fighting them when you want to get your cash
So this year move up in class to VIP sportsbook.com the oldest and the largest sportsbook in a real civilized
Proverted place the Netherlands they're 100% legal and licensed as well
So listen to me listen to an old pervert like me and call VIP sportsbook.com now toll free at 1 866
VIP bets because to put it simply their south float is best and
If you sign up now you can bet all south float a football and basketball teams juice free all year long
Candid juice you want about on the dolphins. It's 100 to 100 you want about on the hercones
It's 100 to 100 so forget about paying that vigorous
All setups get a 20% cash bonus not some funny money match play bonus either
VIP sportsbook.com that's where you find them online or call them toll free and be sure
Imagine you heard about it here on sports intensive gambling obsessive QAM 866 VIP bets
That's the number 1866 VIP bets for VIP sportsbook.com where you are the VIP
I beg of the locals this is 560
The rear is all yours
QAM
560
WQAM presents the OPM and Anthony show with Mohawar David. This is OP. And I'm Anthony. Yeah, wait a minute
It's me with a low voice. Oh, yeah, you got the affected boy. Okay. Hi Anthony. Yeah, hi, I hope he and let's not forget our old pal
Mohawar David that yeah, I was wondering how long we'd take for you to punch the girl around for me
I really hit the big time. I am with the OP on Anthony. Hey, Mohawar. What take off your pants. Yeah, we're gonna rape you now
God up he couldn't be this is a family show
Wrong this is the golpe on Anthony show now come on
Oh, you guys only did that in touch
Everybody want to ring me like a sweet thing. It's funny. That's why
Yeah, I'm still spying
Oh, I got a stand styrope
All right, my open wide for junkie lifting up the give-a-mill. Shall we? Okay, open wide for junkie
All right, that's my connection
Okay
Use your lips
You're not supposed to mean
I really thought that's the basic guy now. Don't I
Take it away, Mohawar
Thanks
What you're just gonna leave me here
We'll be right back
I'm five sixty. Yeah, what what was supposed to be there at the end of that I don't know
I gotta tell you I'm supposed to pass along in defense of our good friends Joe and Mark
There are parents yesterday was on the corner of chrome and Kendall if you know where that is
It's practically the middle of a middle of a malanga field in the swamp. Yeah
So who the hell set that piece of crap up? Oh, it was paid
Mm-hmm. Hey listen, you can be on the middle of the Everglades. Okay, and if you've got some money Q.A.
And we'll send somebody out there, okay
We'll send him one of them paddle wheel things
Yeah, an airboat
Who's your all-time favorite dead musician?
Why does he have dead dead what is that man type of?
No, maybe he's just trying to emphasize the completely dead as opposed to like maybe just a little bit dead lightly dead
John led in 64 Elvis Presley 30
How many's Elvis got about third man Jim Morrison 29 Kurt Cobain 18 Bob Marley 14 Jimmy Hendrix 11
Frank Snatra nines Frank Zappa 9 Freddie Mercury 8 Jerry Garcia 4
Oh, I do love his ice cream
Bond Scott 3 Stevie Ray Vaughan 3 very white Scott 3 Johnny Cash 2
Just died. He's only got two votes
Eddie Cochran Keith Cochamone and Celia Cruz each have appear
Roy Orbison 1 Randy Rhodes 1 Gene Crouba's got one. I totally get a vote
Probably whoever facts that in uh John Bonham's going and no votes yet for Buddy Holly
Janice Joplin Marvin Gay Glenn Miller or Ronnie van Zant out of 222
Now was that Karen Valentine in room 222?
Yes
Was it yet was Bocabride talks about it all the time they have no idea what he's talking about
We never saw that show room. You don't do so as a schoolteacher Karen Valor, all right
I was confused her with Catherine Ross. They don't look anything alike. I don't think no
But they've been with the K sure is in Kipata USA, but I sure was that was still on
Here's Miami. Hello. How you doing here? Okay, sir. I got a recommendation for your poll. Yeah, okay?
Two pockets of course my nigga dog. That's the man right there two pocket two five. Okay, man. All right. Okay, word
Two pocket
I would kind of like a six pack myself at two pocket. He's still dead by the way. Yeah
We're putting two pocket on but not biggie
Nobody called for biggie yet. Okay, so we called it biggie
You trying to get big Wilson on a pole again. Hello big
Here's a call from sunrise. Hello. Yeah, I bought doing all me
The Wayne almond. I just wrote him down on the list because I'm affected in
Yeah, I put it over to funny. I guess not okay. Take care
Well, I didn't hear what he said but of course for a spoof sunny bono. Oh
Oh, well, that's all this is funny is the one that says desiarnes ha ha ha
That's what it says on the facts vote for dead musician desiarnes ha ha ha
Yeah from robin hunting in New York. Well, thanks a lot Rob
Come to the hurricane wipe out where the part where his brain used to be
We are having there's like a you know a couple of lines down here in air and I just want to know and so no
We's disappointed
Couple of spotty power outages around the GTA
Just so people don't get upset because we've got to get some bad stuff
Duane almond or the almond brothers. Of course he's on air boy. He's a rambling gambler man
That's one of my very all-time favorite scenes in any movie ever
When father paranoia is there in the bar
Father married father maran. No, he's not father maran father maran was the old guy. Sorry. I confuse them to father keras
See that's because you're not a football player and you can't see word association Alice keras detroit lines
Father keras. He's dead by the way
I think I'm losing my faith
And you hear them sit playing rambling man in the background by the almond brothers uh john bottom
Led Zeppelin drummer. It's uh, we got it. Was that it? Were you just playing it?
well, no
Ah, I figured just playing the rambling. I got it here somewhere rambling man
somewhere
In fact, that's what we're gonna do to kill some good time. We're gonna play at least two three songs by each of these names
I could play it on the nose guitar
Kenya yeah
t
talent
That wasn't banned, but it's not not in the same league
Well, people probably more practiced on it with a handoff, or to be like oh, I can't get my combing paper. I'll do a few takes
Georgia's most famous some moment
Was on that fifth the old paper and comb that was fat fat
5605 60 pound 560 so we got the guy with the eyes is helping us out on a band of pepper rescue g's
Probably had upon his David Cassidy blow up to all to get the money to buy the CD
Here's the call from Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How about Jim Krochi Jim Krochi outstanding any his mild
He was good. He was great. He wasn't good. He was great. He's one of my favorite rights
I was just up in Rochester, New York. The last week, right? I live up there
You used to live up there, but I would have waved at you right across the lake if I don't you would we were right on the lake
My uncle said it once in a while they can see like the skyline from Toronto at night. Are you serious? Yeah, because he's that he's
Poor buffalo more unlike on terror that way. Yeah, once in a while. They'll see it. They'll see the lights
It's got to be just right, you know
I'll stop hop right on the sea and
Beautiful up there. I mean the neighborhoods and Rochester and stuff. I mean I haven't been up there in like 12 years
I mean some of their worst neighborhoods
I would compare to the best neighborhoods down here. It's I don't think we better get some point except the one where I use
You don't want to go there? I was down in sea breeze. You were him? Yep. Look everything
I'm gonna buy them back down there with all with all the respect to my friends at Vick and Herbs is Don and Bob still open at sea breeze
The amp Don's old old time hamburgers or something. It's not Don and Bob just
And there's a Bill Gray's down there with Abbott's now they got combined in one of the
Abbott's frozen custard baby and now we're talking. Yeah. Okay pal. All right. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. Love heat cops Hill
Okay, see you at the silver stadium formerly red wing stadium see well Rochester's darren's good together
We start talking all this crap. It's like talking in code, you know
Yeah, kind of like when in fags get together. We all like talking. Oh
Yeah
I know
Say that I have no chance to be saved
And see the light now I'll be checking out
Before the night
The chairman of the board I was imposing very soon. I'll be
He's composing
He know
Soon I will be with you
Maybe
Surprise that I am still alive
In die in 95 I don't think I'll sing today my life is fading far away
Whoa made it through the night
This is surprising did not think I'd see
That's unerasing not bad for a guy
Who's one foot in the grave
Oh
Maybe
I'm checking out baby
1146 at 560 W. Come here's the facts that obviously somebody very angry dude
How could you leave out George Harrison with a whole bunch of exclamation point out?
Don't look at me
I have put him in there only Eric hasn't put him on the list yet. Eric will get around to what he's under a lot of pressure
But
But it's good timing because this just hot off the press
McCartney involved in scuffle in London
Is he dead now too
Illusionist David Blaine was not magic for Paul McCartney the former beetle was involved in a shoving match when a photographer tried to take his picture
Near the London side of Blaine's latest stunt an official say today
The official McCartney spokesman Jeff Baker said the former beetle fired fired him when he learned that Baker right in form of the photographer
That the pop star will be visiting the site on the river tams where Blaine is trying to live without food for 44 days
While suspended from a crane in a plastic box and there's actually a photo
Of David Blaine who's being suspended from a crane in a plastic box. He's a dork
David Blaine. Yeah, am I supposed to know who that is?
This is what he does. What he's doing now. This is what he does. Yeah, the other reason he's famous
But he's an illusionist man. Oh, yeah
The Illusionist David from reinstated and described reports of a fracas is exaggerated a fracas. There's that fracas
London's metro police however said they were investigating two counter allegations of common assault
Following a dispute near Blaine side between a photographer and a group of friends at about 1 a.m
London time today the police didn't name any of those involved in the incident
Baker issued a statement describing how he McCartney and friends with musician went to see Blaine after the after dining in London
Central London Soho district on Thursday evening
One of the lads tipped off the press who were watching a man in a sleeping bag at a box that Paul was passing the statement said
Paul then continued to joke by telling his mate who's his publisher that he was fired
Paul then got into a car and went to home reports that this was a fracas or fracas
Or anything other than a group of friends on a night out or heavily exaggerated
Reports of his death are premature and yoddy-oddy. Okay boring story
Just like Paul McCartney with all due respect. I mean when you can get one up by Michael Jackson. You know what I'm saying? Oh, oh, you can't be too swift
Sunny Bono somebody says okay, let me read the complete list as I've got it now. Okay, so for your benefit and
Eric's benefit and all the ships that see who is your all-time favorite dead musician
John Lennon Jim Morrison that's Jim Morrison
Elvis Presley Kurt Cobain Bond Scott Frank Sinatra Eddie Cochran Bob Marley Jimmy Hendrix
Frank Zappa Freddie Mercury Keith Moon Jean Kruppa
Jean Kruppa was always annoying to me. They stay them back in the early days of TV
It was something about the way he looked was just
bizarre
Ronnie Van Zand George Harrison Dwayne Olman Steven A Vaughan buddy Holly Roy Orbison Jerry Garcia
John Bonham Glenn Miller
Janice Joplin Johnny's cash
Randy Rhodes not the broadcast to the old man out of shape. She's still alive Marvin Gaye C. De Cruz
Very white two-pack Jim Croci and Sunny Bono. What a list huh? What a magnificent list and we got a long way to go
Lots more names on his list
But so far John Lennon he's like he's pulled away from the packets like secretary in the Belmont 1973
Pulled away from the pack left him in the lurch
Here's a call from Margie. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. Michael Niel. How you doing good?
Okay, good. How about Warren Z. Bob? You're list
Okay, and just just recent two as a matter of fact. How soon they forget? Yeah, no kidding just days ago
A couple of things
Man, thank God for your bedtime stories on your site man. It's like
Hopefully every day wake up and or hey does a great job
And that's all I got to say and thank you every weekend. Thanks man. You too
Thanks there you go nice guys got nothing bad to say only good things all of these things while we'll hear that no more
Yeah, well once in a month every few years we have somebody says
All of these things right are positive as opposed to the usual sputum that we get you know
When it doubt they spute them out
How do I?
I'm looking for that Janice Joplin thing and I know it's on one of these this they're eating out worth it
You know, I love that. That's one of my favorites. You do that's one of the first ones I heard
And it almost killed me so I wanted the early AC and gold library once here and I'm poxking around with him
I'll find hate her like I do yeah, but it's especially funny
I guess it probably be a better idea to do it during a break
Well, let's see because I have these all in a drawer. I see
Soon I'm saying I got the book here. I have the whole AC and library
Well, why don't you look into book you lazy spick and tell me which one it is and then he's a you can reach right back behind you
There and grab it since years are in order
I can like fumble around in the drawer here and kill some really good time since it's only nine till noon
We don't usually reach behind when I grab it. I see
You got it yet? Well, no, it's under under the a categorical thing. They're like under Janice Joplin under like dead the broads
Who couldn't sing for Schmidt
Here's a lady in bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yes, how about patchy climb patchy climb is magnificent good
Thank you very much and have a great day. Thanks. Bye. Bye patchy climb
Every time we do one of these about the hello, I may have and I don't think we did this exact one, but regardless
patchy climb deserves a mention
What's what the hell's the song I'm trying to think of crazy patchy climb. No, not crazy walking after midnight
Remember that sure
And even though country music does suck
largely
How about Marty Robbins a white sport coat and a pink carnation bow when I was a kid
It was on Columbia Records. I had that. I love that song. Sure because it's a pink carnation
Yeah, I like pink
That was the first inkling
The first pink thing that I had of being a bag
Ma'am put Marty Robbins on there. I'm you know, it's my show. I'll put whoever the hell I want
Marty Robbins. Who get a voter to?
What the hell not?
So you ready?
For Janice Joplin
And now another additional
What is
Today what if Janice Joplin were an Ava and the lady
Yes, may I help you
Hey
CUNY next time to find out what would happen if Nancy Reagan lost weight
This bulletin just then it appears that the first lady has disappeared. We next we ask
What
Yeah
Okay, just for my homework and future reference give me the uh disc in the number of the cut 649
This six number four. I never would have found it nice work George and by the way
We're number one and we want to pat everybody on the back connected with a show except for Scott because he hasn't been there long enough
Now we don't want to pat you on the back. You have don't start taking credit
All those Scott parallel the real Scott. He did great. We had about a 8.5 and Moe had a point one his way we're figuring it out
What you think what's the point Moe?
And nobody wants your crappy key chain either. It's pretty depressing
We better get busy on that Scott for real key chain then we'll start raising some cash. Well, we talked about that
What do you mean we talk about?
The money that we spent making these other ones
We better wait until we sell some of them before we start making new alternative products if you know it all yeah
Besides let's save us something to do next year, huh
Yeah, but then we're not gonna raise any money this year and there's gonna be a bunch of little dogs and putty cats that are gonna like go
Want to get a wine and clear a hundred grand by the end of the year we will yeah based on what
Based on it's it always happens. This is the slowest the creepiest the
Most depressing fundraiser ever been involved in and then they're sending Joe and Mark with their limited audience to begin with
Out in the middle of the guy that ever glades in some kind of a paddle boat. I mean, what is that?
Embarrassing kind of a freaking fundraiser is that huh
Here's a call from Memorial Gebbles. Oh
Okay, how about about a half an hour?
Tell me to advance warning. Yeah, who's on his weedies this morning
Here's North Miami. Hello
Yes, sir
I think it's time for you to depart
Oh
That was a work of art
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Yeah, let's get the Brahms and Beethoven list Chopin Franz list
1156 four minutes. I'm uh till noon
See if I was real quick. It's all it's almost not worth it. You know, I'm seeing by the time you get to this like doing
It's really not worth it
Hey, I'll tell you where vickeners are there are four lotterdale now
A lot of roaches there in used to love vickeners. They love Don and Bob's too, but they're out of business and vickeners was legendary as well
Because they had great fresh food. They had that delicious
Special hot sauce and they had the roaches to white hot and vickeners is in South Florida now
They're on federal highway just out the barbola on the tunnel on the east side
vickeners is like a flashback in time to what really great restaurants used to be before all the fast food crap
Go into vickeners enjoy a burger or hot dog serve fresh hot and fast
vickeners was brought to four lotterdale by the same guys who feed you
Cheaper-grachee burger. They use the same great fresh hundred percent ground-shock meat as cheaper
Grachee burger and offer you an incredible big fat one a quarter pound hot dog
What makes vickeners different from anybody else in town? I'll tell you right now like I said only moments ago
Their burgers and dogs are served with a big signature meat sauce poured on top giving you an amazing combination of flavors
That do like a little tap dance in your puss
So if you're looking for something else to try vickeners is about all kinds of great dishes including a great breakfast menu
I'm let's cook to order French toast pancakes all your favorite side dishes
So stop by vickeners even for if you're from like Buffalo
We'll still let you in and see what all the talk is about vickeners on federal highway
Just out the brow of Bolivar and the tunnel on the east side in four lotterdale
Be sure and tell them that old Rochester maven neo-rodger sent you by to vick and herbs
I'm in law
This is 420 oh by six you weigh him
This is mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q a m
Will he's an action hero buddy wants to play a brand to roll now
You're terminating great Davis has become his number one goal now
And he's leading candidate's gourding to the new balls now
Arnold
Tell the voters to be Davis away
Well he's married to a Democrat named for real
He's got her own being now she's not Chia
And like his muscle and why he's gonna keep his feet of woman eyes
I don't read now I don't read but unlike it can a D
He is excellent
Dr. Green now just like
It's hard to
I just took a few copy window and the other good news is that there are people walking around
That even raining right now it's a little bit of a low
Yeah, ain't that exciting? No, I thought it was anyway somebody says what about tiny Tim
Oh
I
Okay, so let's get tiny Tim on air give voter too
Little comic relief here's what it says from Jerry and Bonita Springs
I'd like to suggest Harry Chapin for today's pool. Why not Jerry
Why not you only had two at singles but his albums were a real piece of work both new musically and lyrically
And I would say he was a piece of work too
It was one of my favorite singer songwriters
I waited till your show was over yesterday to vote on the best that actors pull I kept waiting for Bert Lancaster
He was one of the finest actors to work in film
The reawanna apology to Jerry and Bonita Springs nobody ever said Bert Lancaster. Nope. Sorry your eternity
Right
What else birdman of alcatraz sure that was really if the show hadn't been shortened for baseball
I'm sure we would have remembered Bert. I voted instead for Steve McQueen's as you're a lots of a vote
I mean Steve McQueen was no uh
Bert Lancaster that's for the answer
Bert Lancaster was like a manly man. He was a man. No not a man's man. That was more like
Uh, wrong power
Favorite dead musicians miles Davis and John Coltrane somebody says one of these jazzy guys
I guess we'll put them on there
Hey jaz
Can't stand it makes me sick
Yeah, I mean we're gonna put those people on there and call that music. What about Mitch Miller?
For Marchist in New York by the way. How about you yet a white hotter two when it's time
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon world's world's world's line
How about
One and a two huh
We must have somebody where uh huh
Lawrence a walk. What do you say? Yeah, my mom would well on the list
No, Lawrence welcomes a musician
That's my point. No here's the lemon sisters
The right path is on me see there they're right there is the immediate reason my pbs should be taken off the ear
We should stop subsidizing it as the fact that they're still showing old Lawrence welk shows
If they can't do better than that with the money that they're always begging for them putting that crap on here
Then they ought to just shut the damn thing down. Okay. Yep. They also have front line
No wonder that uh front line is cock-o-kay like maybe once every five years there's something that's really like a revolutionary
Uh, then they haven't done squat
That thing that was supposed to be the big expose on Iraq and all that way was crap. It was stuff we already knew about
I can see that stuff on a cbc anytime, eh?
So that's what I just got what you just get a thousand dollars for a band of pet rescue
Well, no a big tumor on your left arm
No thyroid disease by stub you got your stub and your bonus is on it
See they're not gonna dick around because then it becomes illegal things
See so what they'll do is they'll stall I mean the audience ever stop them before the audience won't believe it
But it's true what this company is so cheap the beesleys that they'll stall whatever it says in your deal
Is the latest that they can pay you on something
Then that's when you'll get it if you're lucky if you if you if you get it at all, but I mean now you you get it
Usually and this summer book believe you me now see when my bonus comes do I get it like you're early
Yeah, because they're better than to dick around with me because we just I just did I put my foot down
Don't mess with my money. Okay, Clarence and by the way my check was a day late this last time you jackass
You symbol and I'm gonna tell Scott to like shut the business down until you get the weather again
But we get to the 25th and make sure that thing shows up on time. Yep. Scott shut in the office down close for businesses
Putting a hang of a sign right on it
And we'll see next time not only if I get paid on time, but what is Scott gets paid at all now when you're supposed to start getting paid march
Of what year 2005 here's a call from bokeh. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Hey Neil
You guys are francing around them with uh everybody uh tiny Tim. Uh, what about Liberace
Where is he probably in a box
A pink one
Hey, Neil just want to say uh, thanks for the entertainment overall the years
I came back one time and a friend had put on the snitch show and took this and feel it for a little while
And I mean forget right left. Uh, it's just you know good entertainment versus layman entertainment man
Good night. Everything your fit compared to him
I'm gonna set a pair myself. Thanks a lot, Pally. They care now. You say how to leave. Um, we're not putting Liberace on it
He's just he's just fun on us
Because no, he is you know, yeah, sure you think guys like a real guy. He's not some prissy as fag
Who is your all-time favorite dead musician? That's our question today so far John Lennon is winning a hands down
He's down to row. He's gone
He's gone man. You won't be catching John Lennon no time soon
You got Elvis Presley with 35 the king not doing that great
Jim Morrison 33 right on a king's ass
Kurt Cobain 21
Fully weak Bob Marley 19 Jimmy Hendrix 18
Allaisley I say for a little week for Kurt Cobain. I'd say it's pretty them good for the crap that he made
Jimmy Hendrix 18 Frank's an opera 13 Frank's app of 12
Freddie and a Mercury has got to love it. He's right on Frank's app as ass. He's ready to give him the old zap
Celia Cruz and cv. Revaunt 10 never seen him together
I think we ought to have like a Celia Cruz day on QAM
Just create
I'm a Stanley cup
Can we want to hear a little bit of Joe Bonan and leaves the crushingly Swedish national
Marchment working wide on the left side dropping it back behind the net
Andrade of centering past no we don't have time
Anyway, of course they scored nine goals. We could play all of them
Where did I leave off on list? Jerry Garcia's go date. I'm pretty the bummed out about that
Very white five bond Scott Scott foe. Uh-oh
Fing off for Fitzgerald. Fitzgerald plays it back nice pastime
Uh
John bottom three Jean Croupe a two Jean Croupe has got a pair of drumsticks
I'll take the mic me. Thank you Keith moon two Roy Erberson two Eddie Cochrane two Johnny Cash two Jim Crouche two
How come Jim Crouche's only got two votes late edition. They don't know from him. Are you crazy?
Opera leader, huh? Right
Bad bad lee Roy Brown. Right. Just bad bad lee Roy Brown is enough to make me want to go change my vote right now
Jim Crouche didn't need that like in a plane crash
Something like that right and don't mess around with Jim
Or Randy will get pissed off. Oh, speaking of that Randy roads one see that segway. Wow. I slipped right into it
Now I'm trying to get out Marvin Gays got one
Big one run events and buddy Holly Glenn Miller George Harrison each one no votes yet for two pack or Janice Joplin
Even with that a bond lady thing you play she still can't they get it up
No votes for Sonny Bono Bono
How come he was Sonny Bono and Bono was Bono you know what I'm saying? Yeah
See that's sir. We had about bono's pissed off a GW about the AIDS funding. We had that on yesterday. Yeah
Yeah, yeah, I went all men none and pasty Apache Klein has got no votes out of three oh nine come on that lady
You voted for Apache Klein get on there sweet art log on hop on it
Because Patsy ain't got squat
See buddy Holly I must be honest with you. That was about to say and yes this is subjective who is your all-time favorite dead musician
Not the top five not your 30 most favorite but the the one
But buddy Holly I mean he was you know
What he was one of the early rock and roll type stars and all that crap, but his music really wasn't all that good
Yeah, no I agree with you. I just like the couple songs is all that'll be I mean Peggy Sue was like
Spastic when you come right down to it. Well look at that the goddamn sweet just scored
A severing
And he peaked the above hand of that bill for to tie the game at long
It didn't last long anyway
Buddy Holly I hate to say that because it's like a slap in a face for anybody who liked him, but he wasn't that good
Peggy Sue
Yeah, oh Peggy Sue, you know, and that'll be the day a
You know, yes, he wasn't very good buddy Holly
I just wanted to say that over and over again because you don't want to know why why because I don't think he was very good
Oh, I'm Mary gay couple say they refused entry into the US because in American customs officer wouldn't accept their clearance forms as a family
Kevin Barossa. I wonder if he's can dilute Barossa the guy who drives it wins our harness raceway
Kevin Barossa and Joe Varnell
So they ended their trip to Jojo because the customs officials at Toronto's Pearson Airport insisted they fill out separate forms as single people
Oh
Barossa said he complained to a custom supervisor and was told a couple wouldn't be allowed a wedded the West as a family because
This country doesn't recognize same-sex marriages this country meaning the USA
Barossa works as an advocate for same-sex marriage said the couple made the decision not to fill out separate forms because they felt there was an insult to their dignity
Barossa and Varnell were heading to Brazelt in Georgia to speak at a human rights conference
Oh, I know if I was going to go out there and campaign for understanding in humanity
I'd be going to Brazelt in Jojo wouldn't you sure?
The couple were married in 2001 before last June's Ontario court decision to recognize the rights of gays to marry
Their marriage was recognized as a legal union light of the Ontario court of appeal decision
The couple's attorney Doug Elliott said he's spoken to Ottawa on the issue and is investigating whether legal action
To be taken against the governments of Canada and the US to their ass baby to the rest we don't yeah because probably asses your middle name
We got the mad dog at two. We got the Humper at four including the prestigious Dave Wands that show it's five
But Dave Wands that that's another guy. He's I put him in a same category with buddy Holly
highly overrated
Seven o'clock Marlins on deck seven thirty five the game of the season the Marlins clinging to a half game lead on a philly's for the wild
However, you don't understand the good part of that deal is don't you Scott?
Is the half game it's in the lost column philly's have lost one more game? Yeah, the marlins have one extra game
So right that's right philly's have one fewer game in the game that they have played they lost it
So they have the game in hand so they were like to win out
Which is unlikely but if they were to win their last nine or whatever they got left then they they're in they pretty much had their
Playoff destiny in their hands before they start with the philly's they got the whole thing in their hands
What about little Laurie London you think he's dead probably yeah, but that he's got the whole world in his hands
Yeah, you do you sure or you need some help horn ball they play it all over the place forget that real fast
And then you got any camp at the baseball game DSPN radio overnight and Joe and Mark by the way are gonna be suspended for a couple weeks
Because of their crappy appearance yesterday
There you bastard
You this fall on NBC from the makers of the summers run away hit queer eye for the straight guy comes a brand new program
It's straight eye for the queer guy hi guys. I'm Trevor. Oh
What is that stink up in here? What is that smells like flowers or something? It's my popery
whole plurry let me help that smell out
I go that's disgusting
Yeah, thank you very much, Freddie. Oh look at the closies got over you what kind of pants is this?
They mean the Kevin Klein. Ah, where's the bacon strip?
Thank you, you know the skid mark. This is too clean. You can't have this kind of under what kind of pants are you wearing anyway?
They're barcode pants
Routure pants
Magic weight with a hundred dollars. Yeah, you look like a fruit move. Sorry. No offense there. I know y'all
Look at these CDs here. Look at this website story sound the music
Oh, come on
Barry Manelow Bob is stricter lies to Manelie. Where is your rush? Where's your exact way? Where's your Metallica? Where's your AC DC?
I don't know what you're talking about man
You gotta get some real pooms up in here. Let's check out the refrigerator. See what kind of food you are
What is this periore?
Periore you're what what the hell is that? It's sparkling water. It's a good way to your butt wiser in your one onion
Look at the sofa cushions. What is that?
There's nothing there exactly. Where's your cheese doodles? Where's your fritos? Where's your various chains?
I told you I don't eat that kind of stuff. I try to keep very healthy and you know what? Where's your bomb?
Where do you keep it my what? You're born for your weed. No, I don't have that but I have one of these. Oh
James
All right, that's what I want to write it. Oh, don't bring that thing to him. Let's check out the bathroom here real quick
Oh, he mozes. What is all this shampoo condition?
Creamerance. What is this?
Feel my hair. I'm making a time for you. Look all you need is a borrow lava
That's right get it in your hands working. True. Yeah. Hey, you're all done. Hey wash his everything
You get your pits you get your undercarriage
Everything all right, so I should just show you face. I'm a so strong very soft, isn't it? How many times did they do shave?
Three oh
What's a weak top?
Unless you got a funeral or something once a week that said you're gonna ruin your skin
Okay, it's straight eye for the queer guy this fall. I'm NBC. Let me show you guys the bedroom. Oh, geez
I'm a little nerdy is going in here. Here we go. Charlie look at his bed. It's raid
Oh, I'm kind of thinking that like maybe I have the queer eye for the straight guy. I could be wrong
But I think that could be right. Oh, Sid vicious somebody says for our list
I eat what's wrong with that nothing
Get Sid vicious on their right away and somebody says which he's already on her who is this from this is from Jake
Uh better late than ever Jake
You know, he's already under he's only got two posts. I had a crap his aunt
That's the one with Yanuki
Back in the box Roy Roy obviously still dead. He was great. Yeah, I wish till I had that
What the hell's that one?
The one that we were playing on iod and then Mike Disney played it on
On the coast. Yeah ancient wheelberries is the name of it. It's on one of the best of
I think Eric called and told us which one it was and I forgot
Oh, it's the name of that pit? Yes
Ah
What the hell is that guy doing what I just got through saying? I thought I was gonna say
What was that Roy Roberts and some that we were playing that the Disney became so enchanted with me staring playing on or whatever
Was it Roy Robertson or was it a uh, wheelberries?
It was uh, where erbuson trust me when I said it wasn't this but it cried
Was it crying? No
Of the end
You got it
Why do we have that no wish I like oh Jesus Christ. Oh, you must be reading off the internet. No
Then how do I have to know where are we some fan? How come you don't know that?
Till this moment I never knew till I'm right and his glasses and his haircut
Boys like butter
Yeah, I know all the words for this song
And it was thick dark glasses right I know all the words in dreams too
I'll say one thing he was certainly one of the uh, I mean he wanted my favorites, but also one of the ugliest
Oh, yeah singers ever. I mean there are a lot of them, but he was right in there
I'll tell you who else was one of the really ugliest guys that was David Gates
I know what ever saw David Gates. Oh my goodness
Forgot what's such a great voice yes indeed. I mean even the most machuo guys would admit that David Gates has a
Beautiful voice you don't want to talk about guys with a beautiful voice unless maybe referring to the African Queen Johnny
Mattress he was ugly, but he made a lot of
bread
Hey, these six votes for John Lennon your all-time favorite dead dead dead musician
Elvis Presley 38 all of some believe he's still alive
Jamoris in 36 some still believe he's still alive right
Kurt Cobain 21 well guess what he's dead
21 Bob Marley 20 month
What did he die from?
I don't know bad weed
No, seriously, do we know what Bob Marley died from Scott?
I'm sorry what
Jimmy Henry say teen Frank Sinatra 17 Celia Cruz 13 Freddie and Mercury and Frank Zappa each had a dozen
Stevie Ray Vaughan 11
Uh, what the hell it just happened to me. Oh, it just changed the Stevie Ray Vaughan's also got 12
Here I got a C9 very white 60-m Crocian
Bond Scott and John bottom have five of peace
Marvin's Gay got four
Jean Crouper Johnny Cash Roy De Boy and two packs of Courage have three Roy has only got three votes
But that's just for us my ass good thing he's not around to hear that you know
Yes, Bob Marley died a cancer. He got a cancer
Buddy Holly too Eddie Cochran too Randy Rhodes two George Harrison appear Keith Moon too and only one vote for poor old
Pantsy Klein
God Glenn Miller and Ronnie Bansette no votes none
Zero for Janice Joplin Sonny Bono Dwayne Alman Warren Zevan Tiny Tim Harry Chapin or
St. Vicious who just went out of 340 votes no votes for the last disser roller. Isn't that amazing?
Yep, I know I think it's scandalous if you ask me look what I found what's that
A candy color clown they call us that man. That's one of my favorites
I
Yeah
I played all things
What is this in for you from blue velvet?
Did your perceive of it you'd like it
The daughter
They
Oh you got this
56705 60 what do we play in Royal Bison nobody in this audience even knows who the L.A. is they don't like him they don't like him
Shame on you next thing you know they'll be knocking poor buddy Holly while he's down
I really wasn't very good. I'm sorry Peggy Sue. Oh, oh, oh Peggy said he was terrible. Yeah
He was a Neanderthal plus talk about ugly my god man. Oh man buddy Holly. I think that's a that's a good pull to take one day
The ugliest position the ugliest
Popular musician the ugliest music
Janet's job musician, huh? Janice Chaplin
Ever see her together with buddy Holly. Oh, she's got him beat same guy
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line here's Kendall hello
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. Yeah, it's one for your poll an important voice of the left
You never took any crap. He never sold out. It's Joe strummer of the clash
Joe strummer of the clash
So soon people forget only what December last year. Yeah, I'll soon be forget. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay. Thank you
Have a great day. Did we forget is that it? I forgot
Damn it 26 past noon at 560 QAM
All right, let's play who wants to be a millionaire
Yeah
Puff daddy sitting in the chair. I'll call you puffy. Yo yo, man. Yo. Yo. Are you ready? Yeah
Here's your $100 question finish this nursery rhyme all right hickory dickory
blank is it a doc B peer see marina or D inlet
Oh man is $100 question right here you're kidding me right this is $100 for $100
This ain't a million dollar question. Well, this is the first one
Hey, it's only for $100. It's just a black thing. Would you like to use a light one? Yeah, all right. What do I got?
What do I got? Well, we have the ask the audience the 50 50 and the phone a friend
Ask the audience. Now, how many white people in here?
They're 50 50 and gonna help me. Oh, you know, I'm gonna phone a friend
Gonna phone a friend on the $100 question finishing the nursery rhyme. Yeah
All right, who we gonna call puffy? Oh my boy. Oh dirty bastard
Old dirty bastard. Yeah dirty we come
Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line and hopefully he can help you
Yo
Old dirty
Yeah, man. Read just filmin from who wants to be a millionaire. How are you? I
Got your friend here puff daddy. Yo dirty was
Old dirty
A little bit of trouble here on the 100 dollar question
First question and the next voice you hear will be his he'll come on the line. He'll ask you the question
They'll give you four possible choices. Are you set? Hey man
Next voice you hear will be his and
30 seconds begins now
Your dirty finishes off for me. All right, man. Hickering dickery blank. Is it a doc
B
Pia
C
Morino
or D
Illit
Come on man. I don't got much time. I know this man. I know it. I see this Pia
Pia you sure
This is a lot of money man. I'm about 30. All right man. Thank you very much. Hey man
Times up. Uh old dirty said Pia
You still have two lifelines left. We are on the hundred dollar question. You know what? Regis want to pull the audience?
No, I like to add a lifeline
I'll actually know there's only three lifelines you've used one you have two laughs. No, no, no
I get another lifeline. It's a brand new one to the game
And uh, what is that Puffy? It's called shoot the host
Puffy you can ask the audience. I call it shoot the whole puppy used to 50 50 what's the answer?
Puppy it's doc. It's a it's doc. My final answer is doc. It's doc and it's a good one. You got a hundred dollars run
You run you run you run you run
Here's the fact from James this is I work in Indian trail north Carolina with a crazy bastard or is that old dirty bastard
Who just moved here from bokeh he's got me listening to you on the internet also keeps telling me about this video
You have with puff daddy on a millionaire show, but I've yet to hear it and can't find it on Neil's noises
Can you play it or tell me what CD it's on there you go James
If the majority of your listeners are as crazy as this as well, you must be in hell your awesome and keep up the Schmidt
The case a lot James and here you go. The price is right. I'm sure glad you played that for him. Yeah
Rick Nelson somebody says how could we forget Ricky Nelson, huh?
I bet you have that one of those CDs here somewhere Rick Nelson CD you think I know you got him there
Oh, no, no, I don't want you to play it
Yasha hyphids the greatest violinist of all time right
Yasha hyphids oh you made
I don't think we'll put in Yasha on there, but Rick Nelson definitely John Lennon is the one the pony race
He's got 90 you're all time favorite dead musician, but
Then it's pretty interesting Elvis Presley 40 Jamarson 39 as Jamarson continues right on the King's ass
Bob Marley 23 Jimmy Hendrix 22 kind of hard to separate those two maybe by a hair
Kurt Cobain 22 he's tied with Jimmy Hendrix. They're in a dead flat footed tie
Frank's an opera 18 Freddie Mercury 15 Stevie Wonder 50 Sadia Chris 13
Huchi Kuchi. Yeah, look at that Kuchi. Uh Frank's that you do it Frank's apple 12 here we go. I see you right back Roy Orbison 7
He's starting to move up a little bit after we after we played that crap
I wish tell we had that other one with what was it called you got it you got it no
Very white six Ben Bon Scott five John bottom five Jim Kroche five Marvin Gaye and Patsy Kleiner tied with folk
Keep moon and Jean Krupa and Tupac and the Johnny Cash have three and after that
It's really teeny tiny tailed haters including tiny Tim is only got one
Now let's see is there anybody with no votes? Oh, yeah
Janice drop-unstill even after you played that bit in fact that probably since did
She ain't got squat she belongs on that other pole we're gonna do which musician are you glad is dead? Oh
Duane all like that Duane all men don't have none sunny bono war and Zeevan hairy chape and Sid Vicious
Out of 379 votes they all got the big zero now
Speaking of a big zero very jackass
In the heraldous morning in his column called in my opinion
Met's show interest in Shamby for radio
Makes me want to play
We like
Anyway, Miami radio announcer boob shamby who's developed into a top talent as emerged as a strong candidate for radio job of the
York Mets and the marlin should try to keep him by offering him more than three innings per game
He does now because of the lure of broadcasting in this hometown of New York only an offered to do marlin's lead radio
announcer would probably make shamby think twice about accepting an offer from the Mets should one be extended and even that might not be enough
Shamby isn't commenting on the issue but he's a known commodity among the decision makers at New York's
Fand WFAN which is seeking replacement for retiring legend Bob Murphy. It's a lion drier
Bob Murphy. You know a lion drier. No awful. It's terrible Gary Cohen Murphy's current partner likely would assume the lead role on the broadcast
Although Dave and Horn has had a distinguished career and has a classic baseball voice
He makes more mistakes than Shamby
Among other things Van Horn this season is identified a ground ball as a pop-up and a ground rule double as a
Homer although he was quick to correct him so Van Horn is still functional
But the shamby van Horn that that's like somebody who's hooked up to like a life support. They're still functional
Yeah like Mo
But the shamby van Horn team hasn't achieved the commited chemistry anywhere near the level of the Joe Angel David O'Brien tandem in the marlin's
infancy
The reason isn't surprising Van Horn style is old school and shamby comes from the new generation baseball announcers
Shamby isn't going to make a pop culture reference that might fly over Van Horn's head
Was he talking about that bad piece? Oh, that's a shot
Because the room where I'm here and I haven't met the event Horby's got a worse hair piece than Mo
Huck and that'd be now wait till you're this
Very jackass taking a really good dig nice god. Very little pansy
With two years left on his contract van Horn figures to return even though
His vanilla delivery and over reliance on statistics hasn't exactly energized the audience. Oh, what a line
ha-ha
Even though it's coming from the barely functional Barry jackass
With two years left on his contract van Horn figures to return even though his vanilla delivery
It's up up and away and over reliance on statistics
Hasn't exactly energized the audience under statement of the century
It's about time somebody wrote ripping at the davan boring and as he is terminal man
The exciting year the marlins have had he's about as exciting as a frog's for it nothing zero
He's the kind of guy that when he has an orgasm. It's kind of like like that. That's it
It's more like that
Here's Miami B. Chilla
Marie skip
Moriscape excellent. Thank you sir. How can we forget?
But although I understand he's got a very hot wife
Not more a skib uh davan boring
That's all that anybody talks about when you mentioned is him always got a hot wife at a bad hair piece worse than mo
And he's got a vanilla delivering and he ought to go up up and away
And look oh
And there we go
Oh
Even groupies out turning us down
It's so hard to keep the hips down
Get me my wheelchair
Wish my face was a weird egg to move
It's kind of recleaned and straitable
Brother dung so difficult
Get me my wheelchair
I'm so old and I'm looking only
Now, dearly, don't bury no boy
Pretty soon, I'll be the one to mother
Oh
My naked eye
needs a cave
To me
Oh, I ran my mansion
Then that bullet's on
Then you're crazy
Oh, boy
You still look sharp when we were last
But if you think that we look really bad
Check keep reaching south that's true he said
Get me my wheelchair
Voices shots but I'll still sell them will you
Cuz it sounds good next to Bob Dylan
Now that we've made a killing
Get me my wheelchair
Oh, I can't hear it now
My scale vector
Pro 46 I bet you can't believe I found I can you I believe it I found it best of 92
A lot of good stuff on his matter back for example
Oh, I think I probably already have to stuck this in there for example
Oh
And stuff like that
Here's West West Palm Beach hello, hey, I love you ma'am. Yes, sir
Just reading the Times Union and having a Jenny in a white out here to hurt on Sky News
The
Fixie chicks played went down and Glasgow skyld and has George seen that on the internet yet or what?
I'm gonna be looking on the internet for it. I'm looking on CNN nothing yet
Sky Sky News they were saying that was a European version of like Fox or something is that right or wrong? Yeah
They never website
Be sure they do well George. He'll George to get busy. Yeah, I want George doesn't have to do
I can do it right now. I got my computer is closer than his is
Thank cool because what I want to use I turn to the deal Roger show. There you go. Okay, Pellie
Thanks, do you believe that as maybe that was wishful thinking? Mm-hmm
Sky News topic here it is
It's not coming up too quick, but here it is Sky News. Let's go
Liberal Democrats take Brent East seed
Uh
Rape Council attacked women
You got it there's nothing here about the Dixie chicks that was just uh just a whole week girl. Huh a whole act
It was a whole acts but anyway this Sky News 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and team for rise and wireless land
Speaking of news White House tight-lived over Kennedy book flap
Maybe Catherine Harris was on that plane. What do you think?
The White House is keeping in arms like the controversial new book alleging that former president Lyndon Johnson had a hand in the
1963 slang of his predecessor John F. Kennedy. Oh my god. Remember I talked about this book? Yes, you did
The twist
Blood money and power how LBJ kill JFK is by bar McClellan White House spokesman Scott McClellan's father
You ready for that?
The younger McClellan recently brushed his first aside efforts again to comment on the text
Drily telling reporter. Thank you for the opportunity, but I'm not gonna have any comment on it
Scott McClellan 35 is not the only big player in US politics
His brother Mark 40 heads the FDA. You ready for this
His brother Mark heads the FDA his mother Carol Keaton strayhorn 63 is controller in Texas president Bush's home state
Bar McClellan divorced from a strayhorn years ago appears to make a splash when his book hits stores in September 30th
In it he would allegedly report that
He reportedly alleges that Johnson's personal lawyer organized Kennedy's killing in Dallas after the young president
Planned to pick a different running mate in the 64 elections
How do you like that? Wow, so I'll put that over in my pile of things too. I haven't even bought the what you call a book yet
Al Franken the ELSE of Franken book
So many books to buy and so little time and of course so many trips to the deli then and so many candidates
You know, I know if I were gonna run for president for the highest office in the world actually
I'd probably hit for the deli then have me as a good play to kishki with some nice gravy on it
Then I'd get over to pick a nurse for a couple of Rochester whitehats
About a pound and a half of that hot sauce on it get my kiski's really churning real good
Wesley Clark let me say it again
Compare to himself that you really were been a connective regard to his view on the war or the arach attack
Not too uh enthusiastic about this old Wesley Clark thing. I like a lot of you bad-bagging jumpers out there
A lot of people are saying oh well, he's the one that can win. Well, how do you know that?
High based on what hype
hype and a warrior on all of that but he's got the little rock arc and saw mafia behind him
That's it. I like how we're dean myself. Okay. I'm a big fan of the dean
That's the plantation. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, what's up, buddy? How you doing?
They just flashed uh thing the dixie chicks just flashed on that miss mbc
Did it really? Yeah, and uh it said a plane the plane they were carrying they were in
Hit a building while taxing
So they probably clipped the finger of stairway or something the plane didn't go down. Stirway to heaven
Yeah, that idiot said the plane went down and Scotland people don't know how to read well
That they get you know watered two words, you know and all of a sudden
But I beat but I'm hoping all of a sudden before you know if the sky is falling
Just like this just like this hurricane is a bell
It's supposed to be Terrence Rado apart. It's just that even raining right now
All he had to do is read the whole god damn sentence right
All right, George is a miserable asshole. Okay. Yeah. Thanks. Thanks mom
Uh
Let's see passing during custody after rushing cockpit door
There's not a word about the dixie chicks on the CNN website
And I'm going to msnbc right now. Here's the guy wiping his ass on some spot. Oh god
Uh, a man is in federal custody. Uh, oh, this is yesterday
A man was in federal custody yesterday after he tried to break you to an airplane cockpit during a flight from south
Africa to Atlanta the FBI said how do you like that? How come this happened yesterday?
And now we're just it just making the rounds
hmm
Have you heard about this? Nope
Just popped up on CNN federal agents to James Drake 53 in the custody yesterday morning
After South African Airlines flight 7799 landed at Atlanta's Hartstead, Lunar National Airport
The planes crew told authorities Drake tried to rush the cockpit through it about six a.m
Some two and a half hours before to plane the schedule land in Atlanta. He was scheduled by passengers and epi
He was subdued by two passengers a deputy sheriff and a psychiatrist the FBI said always been to have a shrink on board
The FBI said the incident was not an attempted terrorist act Drake is a US citizen
But his hometown was not immediately known immediately known. This is yesterday morning
Drake faced his federal charges that include interference with a flight crew member
He was arrested 1987 after a similar incident at domestic airline flight
He didn't stand trial in that case. So I was probably a good idea for not to stand trial so we could do it again
You know what it sounds like to me? He maybe he's kind of that guy that calls us. I'm crazy that girl
But yeah, let's have a big family
No doubt
Oh, no doubt was on a plane
Here's Carl spring. Hello. Oh, no
Yes, sir
Speaking of
Led Zeppin you stay with the heaven I like to nominate that John Bonham is I don't know if he's been on in I share that he's already on
He's not doing too great, but he's on it very documented thing that he played a lot better when after he died and when he was alive
I believe that yeah, that's very documented. He was a lot better drummer. He's got five votes. He's they tied with Marvin Gaye's
Right set one more time. Say it again. I said he clip. Okay
He's still saying it
Here's a call from Coral Springs. Hello. Hi Neil. How are you today pretty damn good. How are you good?
I think I have a good one that um a dead artist that might climb right up your pole. I think he would climb up my pool, huh?
Well, you know, I'll be on the boat. I'll do a little rendition for you. Okay
Everybody loves somebody
from
And
I know
Oh, I know who is oh, how
Have a great weekend now. Okay. Thank you to Dean Martin. What do you say? Well, he likes it
Well, put him on here couldn't sing for Schmidt man. Yeah, but he was great. I was pretty added common with his good lifelong buddy
Yes and after they couldn't sing for Schmidt
Although Dean had a better contract five six seven oh five six. I mean us uh frank did had a better contract
Well
Look at this we may find out about the recall today
The voting system is predicting that the punch card is gonna make a comeback
85 year old bill rooverall designed the original system right back in the 60s
He remains its biggest fan rooveralls as he never dreamt that his creation could cause so much controversy
Oh, yeah, let's get that butterfly ballad again. Come on Teresa. La poor you bitch you slut you idiot
Boy how to help him. She still have her job, you know what I'm gonna get in and plus
She's white, you know, uh
Cuz she's a plant. I mean we know why uh Miriam elephants still got her job in Broward
And we know it has nothing to do with the color of her skin
That's for her to call from a lady in Tamarack. Hello
Hello, hi. Yes. How you doing? Okay. I have somebody who's both uh dead and ugly. Okay
What a combination who is it Joey Ramon? Joey Ramon. Oh yeah dead and very ugly
And you can also put ditty Ramon on there
Well, let's stick with Joey. Okay. Thanks. Bye. Bye
Joey Ramon. He's uh can be on he like a guy over there, you know
Can't get much dead or ugly or right now. There's a few everything
Irvison's hard to beat on the other side, but he's not really if you ever actually looked under Joey's hair
You would have been scared is that like looking under mose here? Absolutely wow and see that dog was her pittic lesions on him
No seriously they said he said that the arbitrage Mrs. Audience. He's got lesions of fans
The radio's all yours
The one to two hours
All we're fine
What's the track?
How can you die from the fact that thoughts?
Let these mojo doctors in
How my heart stops you schwarz at sign I for my intestines
I guess I should have known what to expect
Living in Miami with the kind of service you can in this town
I would act to lead to
Why get you let me so you can ask?
Why get you losers headed right
My fouls were blocked
Inside my body
Explosion at bag that hurt near the Palestine hotel
Choses MSNBC. What about the DC chicks?
BC and MSNBC's workspace is and we have producer and our correspondent Jim Abelah on the way over there
We'll get information as soon as we get there just some sort of explosion in bag that some sort of explosion in bag that came O'Villah
Yeah, how unusual
We want to hear about the DC chicks without problems suffering some losses dozens of men
Suspective ambushing us soldiers in a day story. Okay. I said I'm a horrendous little picture story of the ongoing and nightmare
After Isabelle on CNN. So evidently the DC chicks are still alive. Okay
Okay evidently
Much of each year. Gwyneth some right-wing assholes five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T
You know something the DC chicks and Michael more and a lot of other people were taking some real crap
Just a few months ago now they're starting to look real real good
You know I'm saying yeah
Because coming to find out the thing to what they were talking about
Well, we'd never said that he was you know involved with 9-11
Where he got that idea destruction or that he was connected with al-Qaeda or a Samu Yamama or any of those things
We just thought it might be a good time to go in there and create a real mess
An expensive one oh real expensive mess right and get some cheap gas
Well, I didn't work out to get it. Just remember though now the fact is we're having to supply gas for that
That the other day yet last night we want to congratulate Dan rather and John Roberts and the people at CBS news
Who did a fantastic at about 645 last night Eastern time?
Hi job boys
Fantastic job on who's uh who's telling the truth and who's uh what's this all about?
And are they doing like a bait and swish on us here in other words
Yeah, who do you guys kidn with all your bull crap lies on when does the impeachment start?
I mean stop and think about it here
We got all these lives being lost every day billions and billions and billions of tax dollars being spent
That could be spent to provide people with health care people with an education
That could be used for real home-line security so we didn't have to be crappin our pants 24 hours a day
but no
Couple of low jobs that we got an impeachment thanks to Kenny staring a bunch of rabbit right wing lunatics
Something really stinks in America. I'll tell you that right now. And it's drifting
I think a Isabelle brought it up here with the with the her
oh, yeah
Either that or Josh Friedman's back in there. Here's Pompano. Hello
You couldn't be more right sir on everything you just said especially about Dan rather than the CBS evening news
You saw that it was fantastic. I have one for your poll that died in
December 6, 1976 when after he opened up for Jeff Beckdown to Miami highlight front on Tommy Bolin who
I'm going to be replaced Ricky Blackmore and Deep Purple and he replaced Joe Austin James gang
Bolin BOL in BOL in BOL in
Okay, and thank you very much for us
And then we got thanks
Tommy Bolin there's somebody we never heard of but I don't know I don't like that
I never heard a sharp guy sounds pretty sharp to me. He knows what the side is up and which side is down
Now he replaces dirt in the ground
You know, Clarence you might want to reconsider your decision. Okay about this Scott character that we found under a dumpster
Oh anyway, but what did he just say before that? That was so they're important. Yeah, you're absolutely
correct sir the American finally the media are starting to like open up the closet door a little bit
And they're not licky licky quite so much as they were before it's becoming politically fashionable not to tell the public the truth
Which I remember is this very revolutionary in America
But slowly but surely and that's why you see those poll numbers dropping like a rock
dropping rapidly
Now let's see how the markets down a little bit today. They're unable to continue with this
Very bizarre, you know, there's a sudden surge we've seen in the down the Nasdaq they were so pretty because they got rid of that chairman
Oh dick grass. Oh yeah, what nice haircut. Oh like I said yesterday boy today before Wednesday the people on CNN
Maria Bacteroma and all his good buddies and both gee, but didn't really do anything wrong and they agreed to give him that money
And is that a you know you don't look like crap and all over because he's buddy buddies one of their asshole buddies there on the gambling channel
All
These 140 million dollars for a bald-headed geek like him. Oh his biggest uh the biggest thing he had to do every day was a ring that damn bell right
If I had a hammer
Smack him right on the head with a piece of crap dick grass. Oh what a dick
Here's the call from beautiful steward. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir
How about the temptations they're all dead except for one history of dead two
Well, I'll see now. What about the is it Jimmy Ruffin?
Oh, David Ruffin. No, David Ruffin was not dropped on a free-based bench. Is David Ruffin dead too? Yeah, he was dumped off a
few years ago. He was on a free-based bench so he was dumped off at a hospital with emergency room curb
But
Hey, my friend like Harry and their Reckworm for a dream. Yeah, yeah
So okay, thanks a lot, palmy
Yeah, I was at one of the four tops of that and they still go on stage and three tops in an urn
We're getting five six seven oh five sixty oh five sixty I gotta look up David Ruffin. I'm not sure he's dead
All right Jimmy Ruffin. I don't know because David Ruffin wasn't the temptations. That was Jimmy Ruffin, right? Right
You think place of filler music
Oh David Ruffin won't be comes to the broken hearted
They've listened to the more how David's David Ruffin paid
No, no, no, that temptations David Ruffin
How do you like that David Eli Ruffin
died June 1st 1991 one of the most recognizable vocalists who averaged from Motown. He was the younger
No
Younger brother of Jimmy Ruffin and the cousin of Melvin Franklin of the temptations
Maybe Jimmy Ruffin wasn't the temptations either. He was just kind of ruffin it
Let's see this it have the circumcises of his death here
Uh
No, yeah, oh, it's still going on and on and on. How much it's got the whole detail here
Uh a few weeks after his last performance
David Ruffin died in tragic circumstances following an overdose of crack cocaine. How do you like that?
Oh my god those tragic circumstances
Just like Marvin Gaye and had a little crack cocaine and daddy said
You be dead
Well, how do you like that?
Why don't I take a listen to walk away from love taken from the album who am I or take a listen to everything coming up love?
Or uh, all of the right on this website a memoir David Ruffin my temptation. Well, isn't that touching?
I'm touching but he had like a little most problem
And then he died damn it. So let's put David Ruffin on there. What do you say? I like David Ruffin
That was a great song what becomes of the brokenhearted. I wonder Steve Lamo is still alive or dead
You don't have the book from Rochester and then Buffalo Steve Lamo. Uh, what was his song his big hit?
I don't know cry something cry every every day. I have to cry some right? Okay, sounds about come on
Let's get with it. Let's get with it. We haven't done any of these music shows in too long. You're standing in a little stale and
Before my time. It's because you can't keep up with the old man all these old ancient pieces of crap, huh?
Get with it. What about Nick Todd Pat Boone's a brother on dot records. What's his big hit? Nick Todd
A hidden sing is where how about uh, what's his name? Robert Luke on dot records. What was his hit?
We're gonna next week we're gonna get back into music and be frank because you're getting really rusty. Sorry. What do you mean?
There's a pop on West Palm Beach. Hello. Hi. Yes, sir. I got a name for the list. Go ahead. Louis Armstrong. Louis Armstrong. Hello, Louis
Good choice. Thank you, sir. I'm probably the Frankie Lime guy hasn't called in yet. No, hello. I
Think he's probably in the box with Frankie now. That's a lot pal
Yeah, that Frankie Lime guy he never fails every time we do anything about dead artists. Frankie Lime in the teenage is Frankie Lime
And of course down there somewhere I want to those mini just you got a bunch of Frankie Lime. Yeah, don't play it. Don't play it. Oh
How about the five setins and the still of the night? Boy that song just
Me do me do me. Yeah, there's just should O.B. Show me. Do well. I think I can say that. Can I know? She do me do me well. It all depends on how you say
Explosion bag head wait a minute more Patricia
My picture is no cure.
Bob less than 10 minutes ago around 9 p.m. local time a very large explosion was heard coming from the direction of the Palestine
Hotel and BC staffers did see that explosion it was a brilliant flash of yellow orange light
followed by a very large white cloud which is drifted up into the
Nobody said she had woli yet that cloud has been hovering around darkness is setting now on back end
But again a very large explosion it was definitely felt a few kilometers away. In other words, they haven't got any idea
They're just vamping now because they don't have any idea what it was. It was very large and it was a very colorful and it was
Yadi-adi-adi-a-nia. Nothing about the dish he takes yet
But Hank Goldberg said yes. I'm a homo. No, he said steve elamo is live and well and run
Right. He's a little here and he sees him at the track all the time. I'll be damned. I wonder if he knows
Steve Lawrence's brother. I don't know. Hank knows Steve Lawrence's brother
He was the elevator operator for a hundred years at Gulf Stream and Calder
Hank knows who I'm talking about
Okay, he has been well is he in there? He has been building the Clareth came in here to tell me that he must be in the building
Well, if he's in the building here
I don't know where he is
If he's in a building somewhere around
And by he and I've discussed that before yeah Steve Lawrence is that's the guy's claim to fame
He runs the elevator at the track and he Steve Lawrence's brother
You remember Steve Lawrence and he'd eat gorm? Sure
5 6 7 0 5 6 the owner of this police a man flooded to kill Kobe Bryant accuser
Graber is in the United States illegally now. What do you grab? Is illegal in the United States?
Having expired
He apparently sent a letter a few weeks back to Kobe Bryant offering to
Take care of the problem meaning to kill the young woman who claims that Kobe Bryant sexually
Ortegaer
Bryant's people been contacted the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department and the sting operation
Went underway, which was video and audio tape and as I said it all began with that letter
The letter was the trigger point that the real part of the investigations when our undercover investigators contacted him
Directly and firstly and met with him on three occasions. This started on September. Okay great
Here's the facts from Zoli in North Miami says congrats on a rating. So I want to nominate Bradley Noel from sublime
You know who that is no who that is. Nope. Well, you do now
NOW ELL well, you got it right there
We're gonna put all of these on air because we're asking who is your all-time favorite dead musician not the who's you know
I mean it's a matter of opinion right if you think it's Yasha Hyphids
We're not putting them on it if you think it's Vladimir Horowitz
Or any other day's you
Although we really care on grace to go be it is another one
Although we can't really compete with grates like Bob Marley
He still deserves to be on a poll sublime had great son
I don't want to listen to Moe
But I do agree with them on a whole dead people thing
I understand that your pain can be to great lost ones
But talking about dead people just isn't my thing some looking forward to more lighthearted pulls in the near future
Oh, Zoli is taking it's a personal okay happens to the best of a Zoli okay. It doesn't bother them
On unrelated topic you'd be surprised just how many gay people you have as listeners
Young too by the way normal may suck as your agent but he's helped out a few my friends with legal problems
So he's not so bad have a good weekend Leo shameless request bush things you got it Zoli
Zoli's a little are choked up about these dead people he's choking it
One 13 at five sixty wq. I'll tell you one thing
You'll be gagging and choking when you see the amazing low prices waiting for you at heliponti xgmc
They're unbelievable or so low because right now it's the two thousand and three neo-ranges blow out sale
When in doubt they're blowing it out at heliponti xgmc get the lowest price in the universe from Tom Laman's your Prieto and all the good folks over there
Neal deal number one right now save up to seven grand with the highest rebates of the year plus deep deep down into your pants
Discounts Neal deal number two gives 0% financing for up to five years
Alisa two thousand and three Pontiac Grand Prix GT two for just two hundred seventy nine bucks a month for 36 months
With 12,000 miles a year and two grand out of pocket is all you pay you heard me right just two hundred seventy nine bucks a month
Halitz also got great deals on Yukon's Indian allies two a and Halitz also got as always the best selection in town a certified pre on cars
Traction SUVs you can depend on and if you're one of those people who just is nervous panicky about shopping for a vehicle
Because you know they're gonna check your credit record have no fear because Halid is here if you have a blimmer sure
Two it makes no difference
It's the two thousand and three neo-ranges blow out sale going on right now at heliponti xgmc
13401 South Fixie Highway that's prestigious US one across from the falls open every day seven days a week
If you want more info on these unbeatable spectacular nearly unbelievable Neal deals call the Neal deal hotline
Makes sense to me at one triple eight five three four forty two eleven
That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven. Don't forget all Neal deals
Subdicted credit approval see the good folks at Halitz for all the details. Halid Pontiac GMC. They are professional grade
We're supporting you five six you weigh in
I
Got the Dixie fix story by the way. It's still alive
You
You
His
And you don't even know why
They block investigation and information's classified
They got your stored
You follow him, fly
And so many more will tie from his the scene and fly
Who's calling the shots and really running the place
Why it's already already up
Who's staying?
Who's staying?
Who's staying?
Who's staying?
Who's staying?
Who's staying here?
He wants the damage
Is that very?
but yeah,신 once id aー
But
try to up print this page up but it won't pronounce I'm going to read it off the website.
I think the Rupert Murdock on sky news and then pretty sure.
Got it though.
Dixie chicks in Jetscare, US cut to your rock band and Dixie chicks were at the center
of an emergency alert when the wing tip of their executive jet dipped in airport, the
clipped an airport building soon after landing.
Eclipted.
The scare happened at Glasgow Airport moments after they three girls in their party landed
from Dublin.
They were Dublin their pleasure.
No one was injured and their publicist Barbara Sharon said the girls are absolutely fine,
but I'm sure it wasn't pleasant.
The incident happened when part of the wing just hit a corner of the building.
Nice.
Glasgow airport officials said the Dornier 328 twin engine jet was carrying 15 people.
It was taxing at very low speed toward the general aviation terminal where private aircraft
park when the wing tip clipped the glass go in, stride caught, clied, university, air
squadron building.
Oh, I hate that one.
That building gets it.
He said fire and ambulance attendant is a matter of routine, but there were no injuries.
As far as we're concerned, it's not a major incident.
It was dealt with very quickly.
He said the buildings have a damage to a roof panel and about one or two feet of the
plane's wing tip was damaged end of story.
Yoddy, yoddy, yoddy, and a partridge in poetry.
There you go.
So like the previous guy said, the previous previous guy, even though his intentions may
have been good, he was like way off base.
So a couple of words and oh, the Dixie Tick, they're playing went down to Glasgow.
They're dead.
You know, you're going to be quoted in dawn some website by saying that.
Oh, I see.
Well, that's what he was saying.
I didn't say that.
I think Catherine Harris might have been on the plane.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Your favorite.
Oh, and that's seriously, I mean, you know, people just they hear a little better, see
something like that and then right away about you.
Who is your all time favorite dead musician, John Lennon in a runaway.
This is one of the most website of hosts we've had in a long time.
102 votes for John Lennon.
Elvis Presley 46.
Jam Morrison 44.
He and Elvis have been neck and neck toe to toe for a long time.
They've been having added.
Bob Marley 31.
Kurt Colvein 28.
Jimmy Hendrix 25.
I think Elvis got pissed when Jam Morrison looked him straight into the push and said,
Yamama.
Frank Sinatra 23 Freddie Mercury 20.
Stevie Ray Vaughn 18.
Who's Elvis sleeping with?
Yamama.
Did I say Frankie Frankie's apple?
16 for Frankie, Frankie?
Yes.
Celia Cruz 16.
Jerry Garcia 15.
Roy De Bois and very white nine.
And by the way, anybody who refers to Roy Overson is Roy De Bois a fag like me.
John Vonum 7 Harry Chapin 7.
Vons Scott 6 Marvin Gaye is only got six.
Oh my God in heaven.
Jim Krochi, Patsy Klein and Tupac, each have five.
Randy Rhodes.
Not the wrestler, not the Tatoco's, but Randy Rhodes 4.
Jean Krupa 3, Buddy Holly 3, Johnny Cash 3.
George Harrison's only got three votes.
Oh, my sweet Lord.
Aren't you dismayed by that?
They didn't like him as much as I, John.
Well, I got my mindset on that.
Ronnie fans had three Keith Moon 3 Eddie Cochrane 2.
Wasn't sitting in the balcony.
Was that Eddie Cochrane?
I don't know.
I think it was.
Joe Strummer 2, Tiny Tim had a pair.
Glenn Miller 1.
I think I think Tiny Tim and that's ugliest human being of all time.
Oh, man.
Wow.
And of course they did do also went itself to the ambiance too.
Uh, Tiny Tim, Tupac and Miller 1.
One more and Zee Van one.
No votes yet.
Zero four.
Oh, a whole bunch of them.
Holy Toledo.
Janice Joplin, Sonny Bono, Dwayne Alman, Sid Vicious, Morris Gibb.
Morris Gibb don't have any out of 470 votes.
That's embarrassing.
What an insensitive.
I mean, right from there on Star Island,
what a bunch of insensitive bastards you people are.
Shame on you.
Rick Nelson has none.
Dean Martin, Joy Ramon, Tommy Bullen, David Ruffin.
By the way, it's Ruffin, not Ruffin, Eric Ruffin.
Jesus.
But I wrote Ruffin.
No, I wrote Ruffin, but it's kind of weird.
That's Eric.
It's Eric.
He's dumb.
It looks like an airplane.
Louis Armstrong and Bradley Noel have the big.
Oh.
Remember Detroit CKW, the big eight?
We got the big crawl of them.
That's bad.
And now here's a platter of pages pouring across my fax machine
that you just sent.
It said that guy from Sublime, this is a chronic gene
and for Lord of the other guy from a blind melon.
Shannin.
Who?
Shannon Hoon, who I hate.
Glad he's dead.
Why?
You don't like blind melon?
No, I like blind melon.
I hate him.
Why?
He peed on the audience.
He peed on it?
Literally.
Well, Jim Morrison never got that far.
No.
He whipped it out, but he never got to peon.
He actually never did whip it out by one.
I know.
It was just so dumb.
Don't blame America.
We didn't vote for Bush.
He says, have a nice weekend.
Thank you, Jane.
And she's got something else there.
I wish I can't read Murdoch.
He does own Sky TV.
Anyway.
Oh, here.
Oh, you know what this all is?
This isn't stuff you send me.
This is kind of like a delayed reaction.
See my fax machine.
I've got a program so that anything that has to do with
Rupert Murdoch, it screens it out before it comes off the machine.
So now I have two copies of the Dixie-Tix store.
And there's still a live.
There's still a live.
Oh, big deal.
A little clip job.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless
line.
Let's get a few more in here before it's time to go.
Don't forget that big Marlins and the Braves game tonight.
7, when is it?
735.
Boy, that is huge.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was going to say Dean Martin.
So I'm going to give you a vote for Dean Martin.
How's that sound?
OK.
And GW is the King of the World.
OK.
God bless.
Now you God bless.
He's the King of the World.
He's got me spend a lot of time on the throne.
I'll say that.
26 past one at 560 WQA.
And was that like Reverend Jones?
He just another note.
No, it's just a crotchety old.
Just a general chronic nose picker.
VIP sportsbook.com.
Get your finger out of your nose and stick it in the phone.
And call at toll free number 1-866 VIP bets.
Because these are the best people you can do business with when it comes to plunging
your guts out.
It comes to a discriminating plunger.
You know, when my toilet kids plugged up, one thing I always want to make sure is I have
a discriminating plunger.
99% of the other bookies he here advertised in this radio station are in the jungles of
Costa Rica.
They're in there deep down in there under those gigantic.
What do they call those trees that lusher the rain forest in the rain forest?
That's what they call them.
And you will be lucky if you ever find them again, much less your money.
So this year, move up and class to people you can trust have been around a long time.
The oldest, the largest sportsbook in the most prestigious Netherlands.
VIP sportsbook.com.
They're 100% legal and licensed.
Just call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets and you'll be doing business with the best.
And if you sign up now, you can bet all the sound photo, football and basketball teams.
Juice free all year long as well.
You want to bet on the dolphins?
Best to walk here.
It's 100 to 100.
You want to bet the hurricanes.
It's 100 to 100.
So forget about the VIG.
And please keep in mind that all sign ups with VIP sportsbook.com get a real honest, a
goodness 20% cash bonus, not some phony, baloney, funny money match play bonus either.
VIP sportsbook.com.
That's where you locate them online.
Or that toll free number again is 1-866 VIP bets.
Call them today.
And this weekend you can plunge your guts out with real confidence.
1-866 VIP bets.
Be sure to mention QA when you call.
VIP sportsbook.com or you be the VIP.
This is sports radio bikes.
QAM.
1-866 VIP bets.
1-866 VIP bets.
1-866 VIP bets.
1-866 VIP bets.
1-866 VIP bets.
1-866 VIP bets.
1-866 VIP bets.
1-866 VIP bets.
1-866 VIP bets.
1-866 VIP bets.
1-866 VIP bets.
1-866 VIP bets.
1-866 VIP bets.
1-866 VIP bets.
1-866 VIP bets.
1-866 VIP bets.
1-866 VIP bets.
Oh, I'm playing then.
Oh, my goodness, that's great.
Here's coconut greek, a creek.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about Jean Acher, root off the Red Nose reindeer?
Right.
Go Dixie chicks.
Go Dixie chicks.
Jean Acher mentioned him just a couple of weeks ago that on the movieola channel here that
shows those cereals, those old time movie cereals.
The G.O.T. was the only cowboy who all would have had like a science fiction thing in his
life.
He was singing at the, what's the name of that ranch?
Oh, you wouldn't know.
Do does.
Yeah, do does.
The most thing that I had.
How seriously did they have the name of whatever his ranch was?
Hidden Valley.
Hitting Valley.
And dressing, I love it.
And they had all these strange people from outer space underneath the ranch out there.
And Jean always just came back just in time to grab the microphone and prune one of them
in Cornia, a country in western songs, it was hot.
A he would go Eddie Arnold.
A burger pardon?
Jean Acher was no Eddie Arnold.
Thank God.
Well, you liked Eddie Arnold?
Yeah, Jean couldn't yodel.
Oh, good.
Like I said, thank the Lord.
France and Germany want U.S. to give power to Iraqis quickly.
They're there at the UN.
And we're saying, please, please, please help us out.
We don't think so.
Not so fast.
Big shot.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T line.
Don't forget to go to NealWriter's.com and help us out with our abandoned pet rescue fundraiser this year.
Best of the eels on air, 2002, 2003.
A lot of good stuff.
You got your Mohawaii David of Keychains.
Absolutely.
She's going over like Halavoth, the North Pole.
Here's Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neal.
How you doing?
Great.
Good, and I'd like to...
Did you have Henry Mancini on your list?
Henry Mancini is good.
He had a lot of big hits.
Yes, the pink pass, and was the biggest one he ever did.
Right.
Okay.
I'm going to go to the TV show too.
Right.
You buy?
Okay.
Thanks, Pelle.
No, not me, buy.
Me again.
Tonto.
Henry Mancini.
Now you laugh when I sit here a lot of big hits.
He did.
There were a lot of it back in the days when he was in the middle of the rig.
Moon River.
Yes, sir.
How about Andy Williams?
He's not dead, but boy, he's got to be getting close.
Every once in a few years, they try to Andy out.
Really depressing.
They can breath.
I want to say this sounds insensitive, but it's true.
Because I hadn't seen John Ritter in a long time.
Because I don't watch these sitcoms and any of that stuff.
And for 54, he looked really bad, I thought.
Did you see him on there when they were showed the clips from the taping of the episode?
No, he didn't look good.
Now he looked bad.
But he did a good job in sling blade.
So when you see that, he played a gay guy, surprised.
John Ritter?
Yeah, I always thought.
I hate to say that right after he did.
I always, he did.
Err.
Him and Henry Winkler were extraordinarily tight.
Henry Winkler was positive.
You ever notice how much makeup he had in the happy days?
They had cake on there.
Because he was only 40 when that show was being filmed.
Yeah.
And how many years ago was that?
About 30, man.
Well, they're dropping like flies.
So even though Zolly or Azoli or whatever that guy's name was a little upset, that's the way it goes.
You know, it's just a fact of life and death.
Death, taxes and most hair piece.
That's the only three things you can count on.
That is, as certain as can be.
It's not even raining here, I don't think.
Just to report everybody, it's worried about me getting stuck in the middle of hurricane the aftermath of Isabel.
No, that's the one thing.
18, it's 65 degrees, 18 degrees Celsius.
We got a wind warning.
Wow, they're wind warning.
It's like 30 kilometers, which is like 18 miles an hour.
There ain't no big deal.
Just a little wind and we had some heavy rain earlier.
And now it's just like peeing every once in a while.
People are going around their ordinary business.
National post front page.
I should have, I don't know how I could have done that.
Oh, it's speaking of our website.
Very important, see how I fall into a bucket of crap every once in a while.
I didn't realize they were on there.
Have you seen them?
Oh, yeah, I thought you knew.
And I did not know.
Nice going, Eric.
On our website, now is the one with you on there.
Just one with me.
Yeah, you're on there too.
Oh, and I didn't even see that word.
George W is singing highly in there.
I didn't see that one.
I never saw that before because he told me about it.
He's doing the old Adolf Hitler's Seagull.
All right.
My, oh, my, have we got some heavy-duty stuff for you to check out over the weekend?
You understand the stuff of his track of everyone.
You understand now?
Yeah.
Kyle Bush.
And there's George, a little us-based out there.
Just a little bit on the Stone Age.
A natural state.
And then there's me.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
And then we added a little something to the most brain there is thinking,
it sure beats getting raped at it.
I like that.
Most brain.
One of the most delicate operations I've had to perform in years.
Next, I'm going to work on seeing if I can find one in Greg's head, but I doubt it.
19 till 2 at 5.60 WQM.
It's that time of the year again when the mattress, storms and furniture stores run those
phony, baloney, ad sales.
You can almost smell the baloneya.
Dalmaters ask you to double the price and then offer half off.
What kind of a sale is that?
That's no deal.
The fact is these stores have to run some kind of wild sale that drop their prices
even nearly as low.
And Dalmaters offers to you every day 365 days a year.
For discount prices on dozens and dozens of top models from
Sealy, surred at tempered, eximment King Coral or Sterns and Foster.
Here's the number to call toll free 1-800-Matras.
That's it.
No nonsense, no bait and swish, no house brands, no phony promises and best of all,
you'll never have to pay premium for the very best service available anywhere.
If you get service like you only dream about from a delivery team rank number one in the
universe when you call Valimatras at 1-800-Matras, you still get to pick the day and time
of your delivery.
Whoever heard of a deal like that.
Within any two-hour windows, seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 o'clock
a night, whenever it's convenient for you.
You want them there between 10 and noon in the morning?
They'll be there.
Like noon and two, one and three, etc.
145 to 345.
I've been sitting on a mattress and Dalmaters for a long time and your back will thank you.
That's right, your back will actually speak.
It'll say thank you for finally whizing up.
With low prices, same day delivery fee setup and roval, it's easy to see.
My Dalmaters is ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction.
So please don't be fooled by those phony mattress, sure or sure,
as a furniture stirrer, they can't come even close to giving you what you get every day
from Dalmaters.
Call them today, toll-free.
You'll be sleeping like a baby real soon as soon as tonight.
1-800-MACRIS, 1-800-MATTRES-RON-LINE-ITS-MACRIS.COM
Why?
In local.
We are sports radio 560s.
You ain't.
You ain't.
You ain't.
Know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Oh!
I had a dinner at the treats alone.
And I'll freak it when Jeff Cohen rocks.
I'll drop the chair.
Oh!
I gave it to no guys who ever beats a new P.E.
He does a pencil pen by greater than 4-3.
All right.
I'll print it with my angel by greater.
I'll pencil pen pleasure for your blade.
I'll print it with my angel by greater than 4-3.
I'll print it with my angel by greater than 8.
I'll print it with my angel by greater than 8.
I'll print it with my angel by greater than 8.
I'll print it with my angel by greater than 8.
I don't worry Scott, Karen says he's sent to Pennsylvania next week.
147 at 560 WQM somebody on the faxes had liked to nominate Lane Staley leads
singer for Allison Chains who died of an overdose in March of 2002 sadly it's
been a long time coming he was a tortured soul who channeled his battle with
addiction and to brilliant songs like I stay away see of sorrow and man in the
box thanks for taking my fax his Paul and Paul thanks for making your
fax hit it on there Lane Staley we got it got it we got it he was found three
weeks after he died decomposing with a new guy like Dr. Laura's mother so he was a
composer when he was alive I'll be damned and he was a decomposer when he
died here's a lady in Davie hello yes ma'am I'm not a big country music fan but I
was very sad when Whale and Jennings died he was great she was whaling remember
that not really to be honest I'm not a big country person I saw I guess
big lamb remember he died yeah but he was a little more cost over country
rock kind of yeah he's a little more cross dressing no that was way on
flower we're in flowers right I keep getting confused I keep crossing my mind
okay can I have an early nominee for the the big whoever died on Monday right
right how about the thanks for calling lady yeah that's a good one I bet you'll
get a lot of votes okay yeah because it can be anybody other than
the panagres okay thank you your mother also thanks for all I love her thank you
thanks a lot okay bye the thanks for calling lady who all no matter what
how it was she always said they her name was fake they went through I thought you
were like making some kind of a comment well five six seven oh five 60 pound five
60 on the 18 T and for eyes and world was lying mad dog standing by to get
everybody whipped up for that big dolphin bills game Sunday night and of course
much more importantly for the Marlon Braves game and that much more important oh
yeah yeah what a way I look at it is because it's like you know it has much
greater significance we're down to like crunch time as they say and I hate those
assholes who say it's crunch time can't stand it here's a call from Margate
hello Margate Margate yes here how you doing Neil I'm doing pretty good okay
I'll say I want to nominate Jim Reeves another great there there's a great
country artist him he was pretty good even though I'm not a country person he was
great yeah he's tough kind of crossover to rock to
you mentioned they'll have a soldier cruise day right half time of the dolphins this
weekend is still your cruise memorial I know that we head that on the other day
in fact I think the first penalty is gonna be a dead ball foul again see you yeah
and then they're gonna take her ashes and take it out and spread it over to
brothers did a rescue artificial reef okay pali see it there see how the
50-yard line with Celia that's bad and funny it's a dead ball foul five six seven
oh five six you mean that's most peace they're talking about dead ball foul
maybe those are those dingal birds he keeps snapping all over against the wall
geez here's here's Hollywood hello hello Neil sir I want to name nominate Barbara
compliment I believe the old lady down on the beach oh you're on next week's
pool already I went on a cruise I saw Captain and Taneel believe not they
dragged them out she looked good but he said he was he was the original keyboard
off for playing for the beach boy really yeah I didn't know that and that's what he
told everybody he would be damn but he's still alive that's the bad news yeah a
little trippy you got to know have a way Barbara still has yellow teeth you'll be
pleased to know that forget about it ever great oh god who needs gambling poor
she does she had like I'm not just talking about like steam teeth you know like
smokers have I mean like yellow like yellow like canary yellow yeah nice oh it was a
beautiful thing and she actually had like most of more in her mind and look all this is
for trade you'll buy cities come on baby come play with these cities
the Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dammit people go with the gas that we sold him
our first time a crescent nation and they only won that's going now more blood will be spilled
to get that oil flowing forget about Korea the nooks there to see that but right
queen is drilling it over and over and to our head that Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction
3000 people killed are now forgotten let's exploit them instead hate their
oil to be caught in going after sent down to play kato sama there's no longer mention of
the name in law this but no one seems concerned all of the incompletions believe in every word
of this cartel administration that controls us by fear for leading a manipulation and the right
queen is drilling it over and over and to our head that Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction
the loss of civil rights is the rights that we're paying we're all suspects now not the ash
drop this saying I have nothing to hide table parkers all are saying blind obedient cattle don't
have any reservations out of provoked battle that world annihilation hold regime must fall
in halivert and installed with no objection at all and the crack don't have the fall and the right
queen is drilling it over and over and to our brain wash padter by rag has some weapons of
mass destruction only a rag has some weapons of mass destruction
uh
all of the ink and no weapons of mass destruction uh sadaam had nothing to do with 9-11
and he had nothing to do with osama yamamo or al-qaeda they hit each other like poison always have
and uh what's it all about al-feet how big a burden it's worth it it's worth it it's worth it
I mean forget about ease of the beginning that's just the beginning that's just that's just
chunk change compared to what it's going to be hundreds and hundreds of billions baby not to mention
all the lives that have been lost for absolutely nothing and the public is going like that I don't
have time to read this whole facts but this was a good fact you just sent me about the white house
cash turning on each other like rants and date but it says ps i saw bullying for Columbine last night
definitely required viewing for us citizens absolutely correct and after seeing that my new list of
people who impressed me might include Marilyn Manson I would hardly concur and you agreed the
same thing right he said I wouldn't say anything to might listen to what they had to say what they
thought about all this crap nice going Marilyn at any rate here's the pull so far uh and
where you can get the stuff for the pull on Monday so maybe mode all like dead people absolutely
freaking bad our audience likes dead people in fact they probably rather have one on the new mo
who's your all-time favorite dead musician john lennon 109 gym morison 50 Elvis Presley 50
or in a flatfooted tie their nose to nose as to as bob marley 35 jimandrix 30 and Kurt kovane only
29 the mad dogs next to hopper at four we got the day wants that show it's five huge humongous game
marlin's at the brave 7 30 29 bye bye bye
you'll watch your show on 5c
until you see we have the planning for learning
we're number one
