Oh, let's hear it.
You think we'll get any more calls like that today?
But third, man.
When surprised me at all.
In what city will you find the most obnoxious people?
Miami 409.
In fact, Miami has moved over 100 votes ahead of gay paris.
I think you're like that.
409 people say Miami has the most obnoxious people.
They must be listening to this program.
Paris 306, New York 235, Volca 219.
Can you believe that?
Yeah, I believe it.
Volca is right on New York's ass.
New York City 235 votes.
Volca 219.
And that's because the losers from New York all settled in Volca and all the people, the
old Jews that got kicked out of the beach got moved up to Volca.
All we can say about Volca is, better than me.
And then it's way down to Philadelphia 44.
I guess the word familiar with this last guy, I call this flyers guy.
Hey, are you and Bobby Clark?
I hope you have a long and happy relationship, OK?
Only he wants to the top.
Philly 45, Washington DC 22, Tampa 15, Greenwich, Connecticut 10, Snotstale, Arizona 7, Atlanta,
Georgia, and Oakland, California, and Detroit, each have six.
Moscow 3 and Vienna, Austria 3 out of home, just under 13 of votes.
How many people do you think have been to Austria in our vast audience?
Top 3 man.
Yeah, that's probably an exaggeration.
Although those Austrians, Van, they sure liked it all a goose step, you know?
Yeah.
They always liked Adolf a lot.
In fact, they probably even used Adolf's meat tenderizer on their, huh?
What's your thing?
That's what John Jarrah said.
Wouldn't surprise me under V&E sausages.
They probably tenderize it with Adolfs.
All of us, all of us, all of us, all of us.
That's lovely.
Everybody put on those shit boots, baby.
Get ready to do step with George W.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Because she said you don't ever do a lick work Which of these things do you care about the least? Scott Lacey Peterson, Stanley Cup playoffs, Arbitron radio ratings, tomorrow by the way Florida, Marlins, Mohawer, David, and Georgia's sex fantasies, harness racing or politics I think that's a really interesting mix, you know, kind of like mix and snap amount There's eight interesting choices on there and we're not adding anything on to it Okay, this is not one we need any more of your assistance on us Some of those kind of a pulls that's it
The pull is closed So once you put it on the Eric, that's it. Don't have it in fact he can go off and have himself a nice big brunch Get himself all bucked up and ready for the pressure tomorrow's ratings coming out tomorrow's the big rating show boy
Oh, and a pressure is building heavy duty man, and smell it all the way up here
Come in to Q.I.M.
Hey Uncle Miel. Yes, sir. Oh, hi, Uncle Miel, first of all, I have the flyers
Secondly, and by the way, one, when you get the little eyes and their bits the eyes
things on the website
When Eric gets around to it when he feels like it
Oh
Hey, Uncle Miel, I love your buddy. You show awesome George
Okay, thanks. He don't like you George. Yeah, I know. It's too bad that I gave Carlos all those eyes and her bits
I'm gonna go take them back now. Why is that okay?
I want some see there he goes playing fast and loose with your emotions here just because you said George suck
That's right. I'm gonna put it in here. What if I'd George Licks he'd elected a lot better
I shouldn't be saying this Sabrina. No, no, she took off. She's a big editor. I don't want to hear what a pervert you are
Wt. Q.I.M. Good morning, Neil. How you doing sir? When is this amigo?
It's strange how the only
That was found behind the walls there was US currency
Were there any rubles? Were there any Franks were in the Dutch mocks?
They haven't got to those banks yet
But it just seems that we weren't supposed to be doing any trading with
I hear Rimmel was thinking of cutting shortest trip to Toronto so I could go over there
Heard there were a lot of free diners floating around
Yes, there are
But it just it just getting to be ridiculous. I was just listening to NPR before and it just the antagonism and just anything
That this government is doing that this administration is doing it just like all the countries that didn't go along with them
They're not signing trade accords
They're trading now an hour and now cool and policies. We're gonna stick into the French pretty soon
We're gonna be a war with the whole world. It's gonna be you us against them
That's what it is already. It's just getting to be so ridiculous, Neil and how far is the peace bridge?
Have a good trip, pal
Just be prepared for a long wait if customs. That's all I can tell you okay
They're gonna take their tent of your temperature not just in your ear, but in your rectum rear
You know they have that little thing where they stick it in your rear they do that's what my office concerned about
He said he's gotta go back to the doctor. He's getting them all kinds of tests
We got a lot of sick people of Q.A.M
Boy, thank goodness even on the middle of the SARS-Belt up here
I think I'm a lot safer and in much better health. I'm on him here down there
That's a report I had this morning everybody's gagging and coughing room where I'm hearing is that Dave Hagen spread
SARS all over the Q.A.M building that's a number. We heard
12 minutes after nine at five sixty WQM many many times
I'm sure in your lifetime you've passed up the opportunity that was a really good chance and just didn't reach out and grab it
Well right now is one of those times so get your hand all warmed up and grab this one
Interest rates have gone down even lower the financial group was offering interest rate of 3.45 percent
Then they lowered it to 2.95 percent now rates have gone down even lower
2.45 percent financing waiting on you with financial group
Let me say it again 2.45 percent amazing so call financial group and check this out call
189 for O-Lend and of course these interest rates probably are can last very long
So this is a window of opportunity waiting for you that you ought to hop through with financial group get yourself that incredibly
Low rate of just 2.45 percent and save thousands of dollars a zillion bucks. How do I drive careful on the way home?
Be safe home home call financial group at
1809 for O-Lend
L.A.N.D. That was George speaking. I have just totally ignored them
What will 2.45 percent financing due to those monthly payments? You're probably wondering well if you have a
$200,000 alone your payments are just
$786 bucks a month if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan you pay only three ninety three a month
So do it now do you stuff a big favor and save a lot of cash call financial group toll free
1809 for O-Lend 1809 for O-Lend
The Inequal Housing Lender credit restrictions apply rates are subject to change without notice 5.34 APR
If there's a button I smell it I'm infectious
I'm so old my friend
Another bird they come around my friend. I'm infectious. I celebrate my sit-around token with my friends
I can't wait to roll another one again
I guess I'm old my friend. I'm infectious. What is that wacky can of this my friend?
I can't stop. Some of my soul will it feel so young again?
And I can't wait to roll another one again. I'm infectious. I'm so old my friend
But I still like the weed that sets me sideways. Oh right. I grow Mexican
It's planted right up at my side my driveway. Jesus Christ doing it my way
Yes, I'm old my friend. I'm infectious. What I can turn my brain to toast again
So grab a phone and torture fat one of my friends and I can't wait to roll another one again
You're watching it wait for another birthday again
Oh
918 at 560 that we might play that 20 30 times today you know about 30
Okay, I'm serious. That's great. I love that and what I love even better was I'm infectious
How come I just it just dawned on me that I guess because it wasn't as appropriate before it is now
Right, so I take back what I said about poor Dave Hagen who never stole a freight train. He's not a bad guy
But rumor here and now from inside the building those inside sources that we have
I say in that all these sick people around the QM building got it from one guy
Say I told you probably from an hair piece, you know
If he'd if he'd worse that thing once every few months
Maybe wouldn't be spreading around all kinds of vermin and disease inside the building
I'm in section right they're gonna have to put up a they're gonna have to quarantine his old ass in boca
Can you imagine and from what we saw in that boy yesterday probably deservedly so
This is an interesting fact from a really weird guy Teddy in Kendall to see this which one
When you just sent me oh, yeah
I mean it's all over the place, but he's harmless he means well
Neal and trained mucky's another guy trying to be a comedian, you know, I'm like most of our audience. They want to be funny
Neal and trained mucky looks like Moe finally dropped that bomb on you. I thought I spelled something
I figured it out after seeing that you'll be forced to stay in Toronto for at least three weeks thanks to the W-8. Oh
He said he I hate to break the news to you, but nobody is forced to stay anywhere
But I'll be more than delighted to be here for three weeks for three years. It's fine with me
Moe went to China a few weekends ago and got raked it by a pig who got bit by a weird mosquito and vibe the spread this new disease all the way to Toronto
I'm in Texas. He was obviously successful with the suck ass Roger syndrome suckers
Not bad Teddy
According to the hero you are now a great risk of transmitting locally
So stay away man, and I will be more than happy to
Blige you with that by the way who is Remus and his blue bird. This is sad, you know
I've seen practically every Disney movie and can't come up with it or the characters faces either says Teddy
Remus we talked about this before is from the song of the south. What is wrong with you man?
Zipedy dude does zipedy a how come remus is acting so gay. Hey lunch remember that
Of course I do one of my favorites
Well these people what the hell do they know what that okay?
Our poll is up already new poll is there
Which of these things do you care about the least the least
harness racing eight scott lacy Peterson six
See how many votes we got on the poll so far about third man
harness racing eight scott lacy Peterson six Georgia's sex fantasy six
Moe Howard David and the Florida marlins tied with a forward. I have a lot of common nobody cares about either one of them
Arbitron radio ratings one stand the couple playoffs one and politics none out of the first 30 votes. I think it's very interesting
What that that tape that we're gonna play a little bit the audio from it? Mm-hmm that Randy Rhodes tape
That and back if you listen because you weren't paying that much attention to the content just more like what everybody looked like
But I was promoting the marlins back in those days
So with the early days of the marlin franchise when we really you over trying to be supportive and went to a lot of games
And we're going home and yadda yadda right and then of course
First it was Wayne and then it was John Henry and now this bunch of elunatics
Well pretty much turned everybody off on it nobody cares anymore
I see they have an and the now it's crab is just over 9,000 for their stunning
Extruding victory last night against the umptuous milwaki brewery just a little bit over 9,000
What was the weather like last night?
Just fine. Just fine. It was just fine. You know, oh we're fine
I say and yet the barely barely overnight probably like about seven or eight really tops in the stadium
Stigging that you can't even find a name of a business that's still in business
WQAM
Can we suck your ass out?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marles on that's what's his name by the way Eddie?
No, that's uh, that's the whispering guy the contrary guy idea, but that's Eddie. All right. This is new stick WQAM
Yeah, I think the unglent what we're doing in Iraq
No brother
That must be one of joys old people. That's not like the
The billy again, didn't it? It's not like the billy
Keep them coming baby get those phones smoking we want to talk to 50,000 wackos here today
That's what it's all about Bruce Springsteen on free speech
The boss has a message for all you dixie chicks haters out there shame on you and by the way the dixie chicks
Even though they're single the sales dropped off the face of the globe their album is still number one on the country charts
Right, they're still selling out they're still selling out their concerts
But anyway, he says shame on you. That's what the boss says argue dixie chick haters out there
Bruce Springsteen probably America's most prominent symbol of rock and roll patriotism
Uh, who exploited of course 9-11 for all he could recently posted the following statement by Bruce Springsteen.net
If you don't believe me you can look it up for yourself if somebody will spell it for you
The dixie chicks have taken a big hit lately for exercising their basic right to express themselves
To me their terrific American artist expressing American values by using their American right to free speech
For them to be banished wholesale from radio stations and even entire radio networks for speaking out is un-American
It is un-American and oh we're fine and unbelievable there you go get the right one
The pressure coming from the government and big business to enforce conformity of thought
Concerning the word politics goes against everything that this is country is about namely freedom. That's what the boss says
Right now we're supposedly fighting to create free speech in Iraq at the same time that some are trying to intimidate and
Punish people for using that same freedom here at home. I don't know what happens next
But I do want to add my voice to those who think the dixie chicks are getting a raw deal and an un-American one to boot and I send them my support
Let's hear it for the boss. He can't sing for crap
That's something
Yeah, let's hear it for the boss. Okay
Who at least has got the balls to stand up and tell them like it is even though you can't think for sh**
We know that he shouts and pufs a lot. He's a screamer
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
What if they're playing the dixie chicks on kisser won't they tell us they'll be Q a m?
Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir
Can you play the goldie taste please? Oh, I was gonna say could this be a real caller? It's not
Well, I'm just checking WDQ a m
Neil yes, sir. You're real caller or just another night? I'm a real caller. I'm on my way to Vegas today
Yeah, the first time
Come on first time get out of town. I'm getting that out of this town
That's that's what I meant a question for you my wife wants me to spend all this freaking money on these shows
This Danny Gens this pet and telecraft is it worth doing that?
Is that waste of money only if she goes alone ship her ass off to it and when meantime you have a great time
That's exactly what I'm gonna do. Take over a couple of cocktail wait for season just dump the bitch
Exactly, it's a waste of money than you're saying
I didn't say that if you like that if you like shows that the best shows in the world aren't Vegas
Yeah, do you like them? No, I hate him. I don't want to see much of swishy magicians
And what do you do out there? What's your favorite thing to do out there? Gamble my gamble and eat eat and gamble gamble and eat
I'm gonna eat my ass off and gamble your ass off
Yeah, I thank you. Have a great time man. Go on to Vegas for the first time now. Let's see. What are you like? How do you attack the befasin Vegas?
Like forking a loud primal screen. I'm going to Vegas. How can I have a good time? Come on pal
Just hop on a plane and get going man. Just hop on that plane and get going just to walk out there
If you need directions how to have a good time in Vegas then it's time for the question
We'll light with a fully loaded weapon. Okay with a fully loaded piece
Do they have any good convenience stores out there? I already got some dynamite 7-elevens with a big neon signs and everything the likes of which you've never seen even the Mac
Donals out there the big golden arts the M is like all glittery and lit up really exciting. Don't eat the food there though
Can you imagine people to go to Vegas and eat at fast food restaurant that
Of that there ought to be capital punishment for that even if you're not in favor of the death penalty
I think we'll make a exception on that for those bleeding hearts out there
And we'll bring back old Sparky for that somebody that would eat that would be like
Going to a Boston and eating at the Kentucky fried or something like that place. It's got so many great restaurants
Let's run room service at the MGM. You don't never even need to leave the MGM the room service
They're the food essential aid that leave your room because maybe who knows what diseases are all over town
Yeah, let's start spreading rumors about other places
Not don't do that a good idea
But it is a thaw. I mean this WH crap boy there are foaming at the mouth up here there like apple plectic
This is left to come. I don't think so. I mean
I mean again, it's really the word economy is gonna go. Yeah, and the crapper
You can't complain about the tourist here in Toronto because there aren't any
While the rumors are coming that should add a lot to the economy
not
927 at 560 W. Come here something that's good for you and it'll really help you feel a lot better. Olimit
These are great little soft gel cancel that you just pop in your post but they're loaded with great stuff
They contain the finest olive oil that you'll find anywhere super concentrated loaded with health benefits too
Olimitavidia can produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol and there are 14 different
Olimit formulas to choose from each one combining
finest olive oil like I said that you can find out on the planet with vitamins and minerals and
Arboros to support specific health needs from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system
Sounds to me that a lot of folks there were QAIM could start poppins of Olimit pretty soon
It can't hurt got a lot of sick puppies in that place now. There are three new Olimit formulas
There's one to help your sleep one to help you control your weight
And coq 10 for your heart you'll find Olimit at publics records wall greens whole food markets
And on those and Navarro's or if you like you can order it online
It's the piece of cake just go to their website Olimitamarka.com or if you want more information about their products and how they work and what they do for you
Get our coalition partners and not harbor any
You're welcoming the righty-head styles
The hook one has been chewed back that in one day
You'll see things in a similar way if you don't stop
Covering terrorism if you don't stop
Our troops will be out here
Enter us clear to avoid a war
Where is the dumb?
Where is the dumb?
Trying to save the Valentine's Day
And I confess all the things that you've done
Listen to one America telling you
We'll be right back to terms of one more too
We'll get rid of the South
We'll cover in terrorism if you don't stop
Our troops now do you have that tape queued up?
Yeah such as it is. I mean you know it doesn't have to be like a VCR way well you know
The slow there it is
Old open blast in the pants that was great
Use talk radio six 10 the whole you IOD right away right to I.M. Don't you can do show to talk with the old aisle seven five one
All of the old baby
Maybe this is when it was
We could do it. We could probably get what you like to know something and don't sell for videos
We're talking over great fading to you
Seven ahead
And another thing that I'm discovering by listening to their show is how we press I've allowed myself to become
Working for this company and working for a Janet and I'm working for the even buddy
But holier than Brent Barbary man holier than God
Even he's given him like enough rope to a do their thing over there
Now we're sitting here like oh it's easy better bleed from that the arch back and bend it
Neeman because we're scared cramplers and
My question is should I should I leave the window off for put the window down?
It depends on how much you enjoy them. Should I time it? Yeah, all right put the timer on see how long you can last all right and the part too
Okay, I call somebody to say go ahead Mike you're a no talent golf player money winning
Okay
Beautiful that's the only cause more of the greater yeah
No real costation is opposed to like you're a lady in port sure
Of the radio and the audience could know you're holding a mic
Right, oh mark in your chronic Margaret
Yeah, you're chronic in your old
All right, all right for you. It's not all right for me. You're killing me or Margaret
Where are you chronic man? You just killing I got one question. Yeah killing me. You're calling every five minutes
You call I think I might sleep in my nightmares deal you know what they can't take anymore can't stand it
Speaking of both based how Steve Ziegler got it's a 1223
Funny. Oh, man. Look at that with that light shining on his head talk about a big star talk about he could like light
We don't need the Sun forget it. He could light up the entire universe with that bald palette there man
What a guy?
cousin Bruce. He's got nothing on Steve Ziegler
Oh, I know some people who do I think Lisa who's won a hell of a hot looking babe
I think she what's wrong with that? That's a compliment
Everybody said you're the most beautiful woman in the building
Falling was in lovely although somewhat flat-chested but beautiful. It's just a radio show Lisa
God here's my behind the
Starline hello now I'm even with you for all those spots. Oh God. Okay, no
So this is where there's more and Mike that opinion will never change they blow they suck
You can hear it when you turn on the radio you hear the suction you think we're having another hurricane coming
That's how bad done in my car
Oh God, okay
So there's a little flashback from the old IOD days when we're having a really good time
We had some really good call. Did you have fun? Yeah as opposed to QM which most of the five years plus now has been like a real like
Like getting a root canal
It's just a different place and a different time and of course the fun people all moved out of town anyway
That's why we get every now and then over listen to you on the internet in like you know
Nina Minesha Wisconsin in Ipsilanti an any place but South Florida and of course the people left in South Florida
They're bitter and pissed off about it and who can blame them. This is a cute fact from listener George
Yes, we did do the Mary greasy as God married yesterday. Why is everybody bugging me with that? Hey Neil did you hear?
Dr. Rankins died. Yeah, Maris greasy as God married when 19 year old Holy oh yes
We did get that but listener George has got a very interesting thing here. It says
Is asked yet is the world still spinning around how many people are croaking from which disease this week and what do we get?
Well, Amarlins what a throwing up extra in a game last time. Oh my God. It's Greg Wheat again. No, it's a
Fun for the people minded
See that's what happens when you play too much comedy
941 at 560 WQM if you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories
You've got to go to barbecues galore get ahead start on the barbecuing season with the perfect grill and
Accessories all of the guarantee lowest prices in the world barbecues galore carries barbecues in every price range from the top of line commercial
Grade stainless steel grill with the more portable Weber charcoal grill which I got one like I've been telling you and I love it to death
Their popular three burner cook on has a generous
625 square inch cooking area and
42,000 BTUs offer a great low price get it on a hardwood steel or enclosed grill card for just 399 bucks
Rough grade to the slate black pedestal base for just 439 bucks for all your barbecue needs at the guarantee lowest prices
Don't forget shop barbecues galore implantation on university driving to fountain shops call 954 423
14 hundred 423
1400 and they're also in Coral Springs at 7485 West Sapphire road
You'll find them at the corner of sample in Rock Island call 954 757
6668 for the largest selection of barbecues in the country at unbeatable prices and you'll have to them business with these folks because they're great people to it
Barbecues galore
No one of your hearts lottery anybody have a heart or a liver I'm in Texas
It can happen at any moment at any time right in the middle of making love
My name is Larry
Sorry
Homosexual stutter
If you suffer from homosexual stuttering call 100
Call to day the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
So every morning now when I'm before the show when we're doing our little show of prep
Now I get a health report
This one is dying from that and Carlos has got the big hickey on his neck from dub and dub is at the doctor getting his heart to see if his heart is still in there
And he's back in a funny farm again and the Dave Hagen is gasping for oxygen
And I'm the one that's supposed to be in a place that's dangerous. That's what I find most amusing
Is that I'm supposed to be you know locked in the apartment and don't go outside but in the meantime everybody at QM is sick
It's a sick place on the sick
In case they haven't discovered that yet WQ I am WQ I am
Yeah, I was speaking we're just by our time okay like the senator from Delaware would say we're just by our time
Is that what Joe would say he'd probably played Joe mama WQ I am
WQ I am
What about the innocent children co-sup? Oh my god
I just it's not even just him. It's just the way he does it
You know just the way he does the thing is even more nauseating than just him whatever that is
Five six
Can you the car sure hope so?
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five six there must be a key West thing or something like that
I don't know anything about key West. They've never been there
I don't want to go there if you want to talk to key West
We'll give you the office number the direct line to muff he can say all about Key West
He spends a lot of time there and maybe I'll think about his test at the hospital and about how they checked his liver and his
His lungs and his heart and his
I think that's next on the list
I was explaining them how they do that colonoscopy
Yeah, I said oh it won't be anything new to you
Oh, it's speaking of health obesity blame for one and six cancer deaths
Just the way that you face me
Yeah, I guess we're not supposed to talk about fat boy and the hospital again because that would be insensitive
And I really don't know whether he's still huh? Why would it be I don't know
But have a haven't I've been saying that I just this is a man has got a death wish
But this story that you fact it says obesity causes one of every six cancer deaths in the US
Making up the second highest cancer risk factor after smoking
According to the first major study looking weight and cancer mortality and if you're fat and you smoke well forget about it
Okay, all you can say is that's whom we're gonna be liver prostate and ovarian cancers were linked to obesity for the first time and
Previous associations with breast kidney colon and uterine cancers were reconfirmed
One-fifth of American adults are obese and nearly two-thirds two-thirds are above ideal weight fat. I don't like this above idea fat
Holy Toledo, I just I just mentioned that in passing. Okay fat boy
We hope that you get out of there, but they don't bother me anymore
I just I just can't the fat guys with the death wish you've encountered with it a few times and I've got all these people that I know
Between the fat rich and fat boy and the beast and Josh Friedman and
Julio and we're just surrounded by a sea of fat
Pound for pound band QAM is the heavy duty radio station make no mistake nobody can touch us with a with a pound of hollava
With a rib roast
957 at 560 QAM if your problem is not your poop and put your head
Maybe got a big ugly bald spot like Steve Ziggler has here's the answer for you get you some real hair from the hair expert
Charles a theory and like I said the other day now it seems more than ever
We're here in spots all over the place everybody their brother is a hair expert everybody in their
Sister-in-law has got a bunch of hair for you well trust me what I tell you you can waste your time with those guys
But the best thing to do is go to Chuck Alfieery because for no amount of cash in the world
Can you get a better more natural looking system than his natural hair line system?
It looks like real hair like it's going out of your scalp not like some stupid idiotic animal that you glued on top of your forehead
Moe it's I mean some people are just ridiculous shouldn't even leave the house looking like that
So if you want to look better and younger than you ever dreamed again
Call Chuck Alfieery they give you a free consultation no obligation and they'll sit your ass down and show you how much better and younger
They can make you look and you have nothing loose but the boss bot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee to
Actually, or Rogers when you call you get to an above-shelf regular price call toll free
1-800-3214-13 and get your hair back once and for all 1-800-3214-13 or log on to their website at Charles Alfieery.com
My and local this is for 205 City
The Lion area junior high school southeast of Harrisburg said Mike Feetruet York County Department of Emergency Services
Spokesman let's talk about some of those drivers from Liberty Bell Park, you know
Like Robert Campbell the professor
Principal Eugene Seagrow was taken to York Hospital according to Terry Robinson business manager for the Red Lion area school district in York County
Hospital officials offered no word on his condition
Douglas Kilgore school board vice president said a school official told him that Seagrow was in critical condition
We're in shock total disbelief Seagrow said to shooting occurred about 7 30 this morning
The Red Lion police departments at all four of its police officers were on the scene as school as well as nearby elementary and high schools
We're put on the lockdown and are in the process of being dismissed Robinson said
Junior high school red line Pennsylvania
Shoot the principal and then kill himself all the more reason have a lot more guns, baby
Right right F&A
When I heard that the garbage should man is a great fax, but I'll get to that first Robert says
I stopped in the Barnes and nobody else did they picked up your happy of Michael Moore's downsize this
That's what they said. I was born I think and they did
It has a whole chapter devoted to crazy Cubans in Miami
And well, that's a lot of covers a lot of territory
Anyway, he was discussing that in upcase Orlando boss
So I did a little research found this great article. I thought you might like to read
Which shows the hypocrisy of GW once again in his so-called war on terrorism
The only problem with that Robert's we already had that exact story which I read on here remember that right quite a while ago
But nevertheless thanks anyway Robert. He says by the way just like your drum Cuban, but I'm not another
Thanks for Roberto
Whatever happened to Roberto remember him which were chronic Roberto who was making the tapes and was obsessed
Oh, yeah, you know these people they come and go the not slanting lady and out Roberto and the uh what was your name at the hockey games the uh?
What was your name the blade better girl the blade runner
What was your name?
Esther Esther Esther you would say
This semester I did not insult the rest of the two are just shoving her fat nose against the glass there at the hockey games
Hope I don't get a sniff I read when he's don't strap and I could try to push her out of the way
Here's the facts from a garbage guy who says I'm a long time listener first time I had a chance to facts
I'm a garbage truck driver so I can't call but my truck is broke down so I wanted to facts
Excellent choice
I started listening to you from Steve Kane if you can believe that Schmidt
I met you with emac and boli
Anyway, so he probably won't be there well he's he always got hard problems and he's got the mental problems and he's got the
corporate disease problems and all these things
Under a lot of stress and then of course we don't know exactly what he does have but he sure gave it to the our
Beener boy
Man don't let him come near your your neck again. I mean be going near your neck. I mean well
It's worse
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and T line which are things you care about the least
They don't care about Harold Fisher even Sandra Fisher
harness racing 73 remember Sandy Fisher. No, she'd beat the crap out of you
Georgia's sex fantasies 44 so a June wellman what's that her name? Who I'm about Harold wellwood
Mohawar david in 33
Florida marlins 26 Scott lacy Peterson 25
Stanley Cup playoffs 15 arbitrar radio ratings 5 and politics too
So you see go from the bottom up in terms of which ones they care about the most
Mm-hmm see what I'm saying right
politics arbitrar radio rating Stanley Cup playoffs and then it's a long stretch to Scott and lacy and the fetus
So we shouldn't say fetus
That's what a lot of people of qm are always saying fetus fetus
You know she haven't had any food brought in since ponytail brought in the matsu pizza and the marital design
Which I understand was very very good. Yes, it was and the matsu kris though was not too bad. The wq. I am
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I have an idea for a poll for you
In reference to a call yesterday who said that they thought you worked better alone
Yeah, you gotta do a poll and see if the audience likes it better
Would you just your voice or if they'd like to hear that girl in the background the cackles all the time. Yeah
Joe Dean your jet good. I think it'd be a good poll
Okay, well it's not and we like to have polls that have several choices on them not just to something like that
But you can certainly call it and voice your hate pit of juret. I mean your opinion on that
He doesn't care and I don't care. We're getting paid the same no matter what you say
It's four hours of the day time. You know, it's just one of those things
You know come in you do the best you can you try to entertain the troops and that's all you can do
Oh, here's the wh. Joe briefing that country
Looking at the new switcher would be exported from that country and also how come we didn't have Geneva a new york on a poll yesterday
I give up wq. I am
What are you doing to me?
I don't do whatever to how you want don't see the problem with George beside one of many
But the biggest problem is he's so god damn sensitive. He's a nice. I'm not a cast. No, you are the most things again
Person I've ever met in my life. Even off the year callers are oh, you know what they're calling me now
I mean what what yes? Yes, yes, some of your little some of your people those little who we always when he started getting
You a couple of years ago. Oh, now I'm a turnt coat. Yeah, like it is a point to just click in the phone
Hang in it up the years right along. What that was a years ago. I am now wasn't that it was a QA
But was in that studio was on the third floor man was on the third you turn yeah
Sensitive thin skin. I mean emotional. Yes, you are
Damn it
You're you can deny it all you want. No, we're see the nice a lot of things wq. I am
Hey, good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm surprised at this time of year you haven't added the NFL draft to your polls. Oh
Yeah, that way we can still put it on there excellent and have on LeBron James too although it's not as bad as it was a few weeks ago
Not quite so timely, but hey, I did go to Vegas a couple of weeks back and
Many years of you talking up the Rosewood Grill. Were you ever correct? Yeah, I had the best take I ever had
You're speaking of Alopster's boy. They got great gigantic boxes are next one you pick out your own
But you know what they were told on I got there on a Friday. They were told the previous Monday
We sold a kill to me as I drove from there the little
Spend a little time in the Grand Canyon then again an Arizona and listening to the outstanding music on the radio out there
And actual real good rock on the rock and roll on the FM stations and come back to this town
And as you said many many years there was not a standard market in the country with worst choice of radio
Yeah, this market right here was horrible
I mean I had two great days of listening outstanding music and then you get back here and it's like forget about
There's nothing on the radio, but at least you know where you are anyway and finally while I was out there
I think I turned out with a time difference
I was around eight o'clock watching the today show or something. I don't know if anybody talked to you about this jack
Thompson's on I'm like a national show
Be ready to be rating the video games now the video games are being told about the computer games
Oh, what are they ever going to give him a rock between the many-year-old and the today show they have an obsession
We've been hearing about this guy since I've listened to you since 88 and I've been hearing about him since pretty much then
And now he's got a national forum to spew his crap. Well, that's the media for you
They just keep retreading the same old tired voices man over and over again. Hey, man
Hi, hey, palmy. Hey, healthy. See you in Vegas. Bye-bye
1013 at 560 WQM. How do you like that? I wonder if he was talking to Matt. Hey, Matt. Well, Matt
1013 I already said that denying 560 WQ any you can never give the 10 too many times a lot more information today
And so as it stands the cases that were exported. Oh this bitch from the w8. Oh, get out of here honey
You're really screwing us over here in teo man
We're really pissed off and parked up about it. It was the other way around pissed up and parked down
God what a bunch of idiots
Hey, all you homeowners out there if you're gonna go out and take a nice dip in your pool in the backyard during these hot summer months
And boys a long time of heat coming the answer is talk to our friends Atlantic Marseille because if you're pool at the moment is dirty and stained and cracked and looks like crap
Don't look at a mess no more just talk to the people Atlantic Marseille and you won't have no more ugly pool
And let me emphasize again
These aren't some of your pedestrian pool guys who drive a little beat up rest that I'll pick up truck with the where you see that big
Thing in the back with that gigantic fishnet
You got about how many of those people you see every single day on the road
These guys aren't just little pool guys who pretend to be construction people
This is a real construction company who uses full-time employees not just subcontractors not illegal aliens
Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool business ever diamond bright
Atlantic Marseille has been doing it right for 12 years. They've been pouring it on their license
They're insured professionals and fact they even train the other companies all around the world how to do
Diamond Brighting right and they'll give you the same price to give the contractors
They service North Miami brown and Palm Beach County
So do yourself a big favor and don't deal with those guys in the pickup truck
No more call Atlantic Marseille they're the biggest installers in diamond bright in South Florida
So you know you're gonna get a sensational job
They'll come to you and give you a free estimate. They also do pool and deck renovations custom lighting pool heating exotic and erotic water features too
For the best job at an unbeatable price call Atlantic Marseille tool free
1-800-558-883 that's 1-800-558-883 diamond bright do it right because diamond bright is a pool's best friend
I
Make a pass with my bad ass sitting down watching the news
I just don't want to use my brain or the fillet by old years
I
Like a fox and friends I believe they're my friends and they really care about me
I know it's true
The same
I
My nose that they're in the wife house has a group of me so the Lord
I love my job my money's gone. That's what I blame plenty for
They came for my family
I say it's not a great
But I have nothing to hide
So I should be all right
Until they come for me
I know it's true
Good thing
I'm sorry
I got the
And
Thanks
Be
Don't forget our hot couples contest go to the arrangers.com and check it out. You'll see the flaming things on there
I noticed that Carlos did you put that on there?
Put which one no
Those flames
Yes, what is your story to understand you're a little under the weather but you're you know
Sorry, I was putting up another story after after a month a pin them up against the wall a couple of days ago and given that Hickey on a neck
Having the next thing and oh we got these flames shooting up there the hot hot couples contest too
And go on or you might win a trip for two to the Bahamas including air for three days and two nights is netted
That's it there you go
We're gonna do that for three months in a row starting me one. Have we got any pictures yet? Yeah, we do
Would you like me to forward them? Are there any buddy interesting? Yeah
It was how George always has to see him first. He has to like prove it
I didn't see him first. They were forwarded to me. What are you talking about? I am to see you. I mean Carlos sensitive
From now on
When the buzzer when us with a sensitivity is gonna be like a little bulb goes off
And George just sets it off. It's gonna be automatic very very sensitive and thin skin
Well, you won't like what you already read this because you fax him to me John and Kansas City says George tosses salad. Yeah
So it says George tosses salad baseball is a wonderful game
But sound float is not a wonderful place. It's not to serve a major league team
I started blue jays played in Tampa last night. I believe they lost again, but they had like a very small crowd
Over there in Tampa
It was incredible. You could have had your own section
Anyway, John says I like hockey, but we don't understand all the nuances of the game yet
For instance, I don't see what makes people talk about how good Nicholas Lidstrom is misspelled
Well, just because he happens to be probably the best defenseman in the game or certainly one of the best two or three
That's probably why I don't understand the plus minus that I wonder why the panthers suck so much
It's called bad personnel
Lack of talent just like the Leafs lack of talent also keen sucks suck suck
I love Mosho when he and Kelly get into deep philosophical discussions concerning the ethics of recycling a dead animal spur the randlings of an idiot John and Kansas City good job John
Nice. Come on baby. That's the way we like it
Too much serious heavy duty stuff and here's our great facts and and because then of course it's signed dick some dick
Fony name, but because this person took so much effort to write this lengthy thing out
I think I might as well read it don't you sure it has its moments even though it just tons of mistakes since our glorious victory against the forces of darkness and Baghdad to which to go in with North Korea
And a panic over its less than Rosy economic future who exactly is North Korea to go to war against and how many days does the thing to world will last they co
How about South Korea how about so what are seven million people but anyway the coalition can now cast a John this I had our neighbor to the North
a
As each sneeze induced booger missile of mass destruction increases the fear of plague in Toronto when the worldwide
Economic community the each each sneeze induced booger missile
That's a great line
The coalition must now decide how much importance to give the stimulating Canada's flat economy
Which is also wrong for all practical purposes Canada rains a wholly on some city area of the U.S
The USA gets most of its oil from Canada also very very well. Where the hell did that come from?
However when Iraq's Northern oil fields are back up to full production
What incentive is there for us to continue to show up the GNP of a country that's been so critical on on support of our policies in Iraq
Forgetting I guess about the fact that Canada's already sending people over there like to help in a cleanup work
Like you've all the other shleppers in the world. Yeah, we'll go up there and clean up the mess you made
Dooman gloom seems to be in the forecast for Canada each winter sees fewer and fewer knee sock sandal clad
Blobs on the boardwalk in Hollywood soon the only people with disposable incomes in Toronto will be the
Ex-papier such as you would you then put such a gleeful spin on any less than perfect news from the USA
SARS may not be the only cloud in the maple leafs future come home and save yourself Neil no
Frank Cuban cooking may not be the answer to the world's love of French cooking
But it sure beats the falafel and feces diet that Canada may have to eat the cola
It says the falafel and feces diet that Canada may have to wait the coalition forgives you and of course got even love Neil Roger
And like I said a lot of mistakes in there, but it went to such lengths to put that together
Yeah
That I felt at least we had a dignified what a response like reading it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18 t and t
In Verizon wireless line on a really nifty Thursday not bad
WQ I am
Hmm chronic cat driver. Where is he?
WQ I am
Hello
Neil yes sir. How you doing? Is this the chronic cab driver?
What? How you doing?
Okay, I'm a truck driver from
Move down Hollywood from New York City. Oh, what a bad mistake. Oh, yeah, tell me about
Uh
Why be able to talk to Neil is why we hang on?
Uh, where are you calling from call from Hollywood. Let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay?
I just want to let you know that um
Uh, you've gotten audience here. Uh, I moved down to from New York City
To Hollywood. Yep. Bad mistake. Oh, I'm telling you about it and uh, I moved down here and these chronic collars. I tell you yeah
Uh
What can I say? It's amazing. It sounds like George Collins. You know, you say about a bush and that
Every ejaculation doesn't deserve a name, you know what I mean, right?
Don't tell that to the Pope
But it's it's uh, you know, and the way people drive down here. I came down to West Palm
You know, telling my car behind me with a truck
I got down here and all of a sudden nobody used the directionals anymore. I don't know what it is down here
You've watched too much NASCAR or something now the directionals here. They're done with fingers not with the lights
Yeah
Generally the middle digit. Well listen hang in there. Pals great herring from you. All right. Keep on your thing. All right
He did say trucking didn't he? I noticed somebody said that yesterday something that sounded like that on Moe show
And he just about went apple-plugged it. He was ready to dump it and that sounded was too close to blah blah blah
This is the same guy that's talking about, you know, Gelly likes uh, whatever that guy's name is. He did dump it
He did he dumped it. It was dumped. Yep. Oh my god. I mean you could tell what the guy said it wasn't even close
He's getting really edgy now man. He's really right on edge speaking of the moral censor of South Florida must be getting to him now
Must be really having him a store a
Stortle panic
Well, we'll find out Saturday if he shows up at that the draft thing especially after the numbers come out tomorrow
1027 at 560 WDQ way and let me tell you about how you get a new mattress
You can you can get in your car and slip over to your department or betting store and you can go from one to the other
And you can get wasted a lot of expensive gas and time and get ripped off and wind up getting a crappy
mattress anyway or
You can make one simple call to dial amatric at 1 800 mattress
1 800 MATT RES you have a great night's leave guaranteed you and you in your back for months and years to come from our friends at dial amatric
That's the simple lazy way to do it believe me. I'm lazy and I'm fat and I'm old and that's the way I order my mattress
And I'm never disappointed because dial amatric is the best in the world at unbeatable everyday prices
They got silly sort of Simmons King coil every size and style of the sun and exactly the one you're looking for
No bait and swish the one you want it's in stock and ready for just about immediate delivery to dial amatric gets more repeat
referral customers than any other company because they know how to treat you right and once you buy a mattress
This way with one easy call to 1 800 mattress
You'll never go back to schlepping around with those betting in department store sure rooms again
And don't forget when you do buy your mattress the smart way from dial amatric
They set up your brand new and take away that crappy old soil embarrassing betting for free
I'll say it again. They set up your new and take away the soil nasty old betting for free
So do the smart thing make one easy call now talk to folks who know this stuff inside enough and the dial amatric will deliver right to your door
And just a matter of hours the finest mattress you've ever laid your ass on and you're at great night sleep for months to come by calling
1 800 mattress
1 800 MATT RES for dial amatric the smart way to get you a great night sleep
Well congratulations get alive
Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
The startling true story of a man who wouldn't listen to his manager and ended up biting it very hard
He was Terence Trent Darby
You one of the college first album introducing the hard line
I said okay trendy New York lost boy. I don't know what the f*** it means, but go ahead
Terence Trent Darby's manager Chet Stools
You're looking back. I should have known the guy has three names, you know like Harry hand-strong purple grip or something
You know that pretentious upper west side we think we have British horse
With the success of his first single wishing well
Stools urge Darby not to alienate his fans with any more quote fruity-assed art crap unquote
But Darby didn't listen his second album would completely unnoticed
It's title neither fish nor flesh a soundtrack of love faith hope and resurrection
Can you believe it? I said Terence I'm dying here. I got three kids who need toilet paper to wipe their runny asses
And you give me fish and flesh and hope and resurrection. I oughta f***ing kill you as Chet Stools home and business went into foreclosure
He begged Darby to listen to reason unmoved Darby released the third record symphony or damn
Exploring the tension inside the sweetness if I ever see this
Again, I am gonna ram his contract so far up his ass. He was going to say ass
But tonight for the first time Terence Trent Darby himself responds to accusations that he's a complete
Hey, that's a great title for an album the artist responds to accusations that he's the complete
Christ I need a new job
It's a big juicy softy went liquid show business tonight on inside the behind
1034 26 to 11 a mad dog you won you got to haunt for this afternoon at the
And I'm gonna take a look at this. I want to make sure I get it right hump or in the studio at three
Six to where you got marlins on direct 7 0 5 now. How is that possible?
I thought that was the last game of the series. Oh tonight's they're going for the sweep excuse me
Mara brewers at the marlins oughta be at least six seven thousand there tonight 7 0 5
Eddie came out on baseball from GA and Joe and mark overnight. That's the schedule
That's our agenda our sports agenda for you here on QAM where the games never stop
Both on the field and in the hallways of QAM the games never stop
5 6 7 0 5 60 I think better get this line 5 things. I don't like the way this the lay of the phone, you know
Doesn't look right
No, do you see what I'm saying? Yeah, I know it just creates like a bizarre pattern on here
And I think it affects the quality of the calls on the show
Now if we ever hire a new engineer now that we're trying to screw one of the old ones over
WQ I in
QA in hello
Yes, sir
Yeah, I want to see to me. Where you call from?
Radio down sir turn that radio off. Yeah, speak to me
Huh, I said how you doing? I'm doing all right. This is Neil. This is Neil. Yep
WQ I am
Neil yes, sir. I got a full suggestion and they request you don't mind go ahead
full suggestion possibly
The most despised chronic of all time
We've already done that. Oh, yeah, I missed that day
How about as a request
Butterfly kisses powered up with that we were all feces at one time
Okay, that's it. That easy to please today
No, I don't want like a they want to set up the whole damn thing here
Well, we want to precede it by this and a couple of farther and then put in a Neil God
Just calm yourself down sir. Don't let me forget butterfly kisses. Okay, we played it in a long time right
In honor of Sabrina being there today now who else has got their kids there today now fat boy being in the hospital yesterday
He probably don't have his fat. I mean his family there kid curry
These are just because you know, I can't wonder the hall
Kits curry got he's got a daughter when he's got a daughter. Yeah. Well, this is bring your daughter to work day
Bring your child to work day they had to be unisex about it
Oh, they changed it didn't always used to be bring your daughter to work used to be and then you know that sexism so
No, it's not bringing child
I see
I managed his kids. They're both in college so I can see them bring them into the store the radio station
They probably matured a little bit since those iod days anyway
I mean, they wouldn't believe that but that's a true story
He used to bring his kids when they were punks in the iod and they on a weekend and they would just tear the place up
Just trash the place true stories is
News department will be having an interest breakdown the ap wire was all screwed up
And there would be no paper in it or we just it was like our hurricane hit the damn newsroom
And just but I'm sure that they outgrew it, you know just boys being boys. Let's hope
Oh line nine is ringing for the first time which is always a real treat on a show lately last several days WQAM
Yeah, um, you have one advertiser. I'm trying to get their phone number. How do I do that?
Uh, who is it? It's a mortgage company
Did you advertise on the O'Rodgers first mortgage america?
Do you have many or is that just one of them?
That's uh, I'll give you their number. All right, that's fine. First mortgage america 1-800
9-40
L-E-N-D
I appreciate your help. Okay, thanks
See there you go. I'll handle it when it calls George. Oh, we don't have any numbers to seal through and I get there you go right on
How he made it been fun number? No, no, no, not what we got our own people on there
We take care of our own sponsors, right? That's what they do it on the world famous near Roger show
It's as loaded with spots by the way. We should point that out load of what spots at a great rate is mr. Ego would say
Oh talk about an inferiority complex. I got it has to work on a 50 watt light bulb radio station for the last 10 years
That has to yeah, you have seen that thing on Sundays. I know you don't get it do you
Get what a cable TV show mr. Ego show? No, no, oh my gosh before it's at one o'clock on
My cable it's like channel 19
Community cable. You must have it in Hollywood
Oh, if you ever saw that look looks like you're watching through a negative
And where Nick Lawrence is behind the scenes doing the camera and little brines. They're nipping it as heels
It's you have never in your life and they're like 75 spots before to show even starts
Your penis extender and vagina stimulator and it's it's a real tweet
You gotta see it before you cook. I'm telling you all right. All right, all right. All right things are going. Now. You better see it pretty soon
What's going around down there? And what's going around up here
Even loves neo-roder
Every piece of diamonds has been burned up for chance
This strut always palaces and blew up this yass
No more wild dorkies on that ship for the spools
They'll be no more who's their family
St. Cruz
Good day
Call your brothers, could you stay?
Tell him that there's no way
No way they'll be going on a sweet cruise
St. St. St. got his men's little teeth and stirs
Hey!
What are you doing to my yacht?
All the crew could do was watch his burn
Hey! Watch those marches, roll up, roll away
Before we blew up any idea, it was totally sick
Now it looks even worse than the Titanic
Just one new episode came and there was heard news
They'll be no more who's their family
St. Cruz
Oh!
Good day
Call your brothers, could you stay?
Tell him that there's no way
Oh my God
No way they'll be going on a sweet cruise
St. St. St got his men's little teeth and stirs
Hey!
My family has been burnt
Wonder how the same will be now
I can't get out
Well, everything's the devil's husband burned up for chance
He's trying all the baddies in the room
Next fantasy, 78
Enough of the ass eating already and the armpit looking
More Howard David in 50
I beg your pardon?
armpit looking
Florida, Marlon's 39
Scott Lacey Peterson 36
Stanley Cup playoffs 26
Pollen Fix 9
And last, meaning they care the most about
our return radio rating 7
Which they'll get a real full run
And now we just got the NFL draft
That's going to Eric!
It's Carlos's fault this time
He was too busy with those 85 trillion
Very important bedtime stories
Factority man!
Good stuff on there today
You really should go to neo-rangers.com
And find out what the hell is going on in the world
Which is going to hell on a hand basket
I want to do that story about the Israeli
Even though we have this is an update on the Israel-Arrakwil pipeline
From the Christian science monitor
Not from some liberal rag
Not from some left wing comedy pinko publication
But the very stodgy Christian science monitor
We'll get to it
And then of course that other thing
Which we really touched on yesterday
Bush election drive to tap 9-11 memories
Which is the reason that they're scheduling the 2004 Republican convention
Way up there in September
Almost a near coincide with the third anniversary of 9-11
To make it into a flag waving super-paid reattach event
Not that they want to exploit that tragedy you understand
Right! Not that they would do that for political purposes
So they can just sweep their man right back in or again
And don't have to fix the election again
Plus the Democrats can't find a candidate for lover money anyhow
That's what really makes me sick to my stomach
I say Jesse, let's get for Jesse Ventura
Of course then they'll bring out the atheist bullcrap that'll be the end of him
That'll be the end of him
This could be the greatest ass sucking facts
And don't put it stuck
And you put up, you're the greatest
And don't put it stuck
Sign David, how do you like that? Was that a man?
Like somebody stuck there a hoover up my ass
A Kirby vacuum cleaner hose, good line though
In fact, Muff might be able to talk to you about that
But he's getting ready for the colonoscopy
And when in doubt they do have to clean the out of me
Before they go delving in there, start looking around
Examining, exploring
See who's been there before
And then of course I also haven't touched yet on this one
Fox TV News Engineer charged with smuggling stolen a rack of yarn
That's very, very nice
All spin all day
Right
Who the hell are they kiddin' huh?
All right, wings all day
I wonder if he went to Kentucky fry like that one bit we play
About when it Jews attacked and had nothing but right wings
That's Fox News for you
And oxy moron, Fox News
Several members of the media and a US serviceman have been caught attempting the ship Iraqi
Paintings weapons and other wars souvenirs to America
US authorities said yesterday
This is from the A&P
Which is just as credible as if it came from law laws
At least 15 paintings go play the firearms ornamental knives, bonds and other items
Bonds
Bonds that mean
Bonds, V-O-D-S like berry bonds like Bill bonds on WSYZ and Detroit
And other items have been seized in their ports in Washington, Boston and London
In the past week, according to the Bureau of Customs and Border Protection
I wonder if Jeb Bush's wife, what was her name?
Columbia
Columbia, I wonder if she was having any of them
Item seized in the military case were flown to Fort Stewart, Georgia
These seizures that serve as a warning to anyone who would take advantage of the transition
Courant Meadowway and newly liberated Iraq Commissioner Robert Bonner said
Benjamin James Johnson, a work as an engineer for Fox News Channel, is the only person charged
or identified by the government
A criminal complaint filed in the US District Court in Alexandria, Virginia, charges Johnson
tried to bring 12 paintings into the US last Thursday
They were contained in a large cardboard box that was again been by Customs agents at Delas International
or Par outside Washington
And after they had filed with the criminal complaint says that Johnson who accompanied US troops to Baghdad
Gandhar up the paintings at a palace that belonged to Odae who was saying
One of Iraqi President Saddam Sons, the paintings depict Saddam and Odae and Gamora
An examination of Johnson's luggage also turned up 40 Iraqi Monterey bonds
and a visitor is badge from the US Embassy in Kuwait
Johnson, 27 of Alexandria, Virginia is not been arrested but is to appear before a federal magistrate next Tuesday
How do you like that? Johnson worked for six years as a satellite truck engineer for Fox
which fired him after learning it and I was thinking they sure got problems between Horado trying to give away the true positions
and now this engineer who's like a guy that had a good can because he's bringing back artifacts
No facts on Fox, just artifacts
Brewery said
5, 6, 7, come on David who just sent me that ass talk in fact let's take a lot more of these great calls
that they were not even at the halfway point yet is that possible? Can it not even be 11 o'clock yet?
It's possible
It is? I don't believe it
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60
I'll tell you one thing that really saved my ass is that Wednesday noon to one hour God do I love that
and I will say if I do say so myself that yesterday was pretty good
You didn't like it yet and I liked it a lot what he thought
He didn't like it see I could always tell is a long pause he's tapping a pencil there he didn't like it I liked it
I like it
We don't care whether you like it or not
So anyway Carlos start polishing off that seat we don't want to do it on the day that Sabrina's in there but
Tomorrow be a good day after the book comes out
I remember Julius Larosa no W.C.Y.N.
Hello? Yes sir
I like to make a direct comment to that guy Dave the call David the fact David
Yeah
He's up on the booty
Yeah
Another thing I'd like to say
W.C.Y.N.
That was your Reverend Joe's want to be Q.A.N. Hello
Demand
W.C.Y.N.
Neil yes sir
Yeah I loved that little thing you played from the old IOD
Turning on this and turning off that and did it was not this and I just came back
Did it I didn't do anything and it just came back
It's not funny
No it's not funny it's a pathetic is what it is well it's funny
Yeah and that kind of funny
Just came back I see all the lines flash it again so it's something on your
And somebody down there is playing fast and lose probably back at engineering
The Internet is still slapped huh our Internet is down over here if that has anything to do with it
Well see it always happens in an engineering room back there always goes down at the same time
That's gonna be our poll question tomorrow who goes down first and fastest screw and or the Internet
Is there any down?
Oh the rumor was he was in the building the other day was he there yesterday?
I didn't see him
That was what the tristradper was telling me those ex-dolph fans they stick together
Roar
He told me he said another bald headed ex-dolphin player only a big bigger one and blacker one
I bet you screw in had a big smile on her push
5 6 7 and look at this the phone is working again what did I tell you
I have this little prayer during the break and it came right back on WQIM
Who said who said we don't have a prayer at QIM WQIM
Hey Neil yes sir how's it going?
Pretty good all right did you hear any rumors that they're gonna have a godfather for coming out no
Okay, you know I watched that series I've been trying to get hold of you a couple weeks
Let me ask you this who would be in it?
Hopefully Pacino is the dawn
How would he be in godfather for I'm not you mean it was be a retro thing but it went back
How would they make him look younger?
I don't know man
They killed off everybody except for Vincent everybody else in the movie is dead except for Connie and Vincent
Okay, can anyone any other people or of any significance or is still alive at the end of godfather 3?
Now but you always got new recruits
Yeah, not the same man
Yeah, didn't you find it aggravating though that in every one of those got the freaking babies crying all the time?
I love that series but man I got sick of the thing
They wanted to make your real life you know that's just how it is
You got stinkin' little babies around or crying and crapin' in your diapers things like that
Alright, you're the best. I didn't have a great thing
Little godfather intensive who's left to be in godfather 4?
You got Vincent which I'm really nauseous from him after his performance and look
And I want to say this I want to at least be consistent he had a right to be there in front of me or his greasy ass
Is how soon just got married to that little kid but but nevertheless I thought it was it was exploitive
Who was the other one that was there was him and oh what's your name?
Oh glory as Stefan oh and even forgetting about that whole alien business in meris wcs and lazaro forgetting about that
Glory as Stefan makes me gag
Oh brother what is the deal with her she can't sing she's ugly as dog crap what's this what's the big attraction there?
Why forgot she's Cuban
We don't seem to get you guys excited
No, they'd rather they'd rather hang out with meris wcs
No, not the rest of her
Oh five six seven oh five sixty
Correct them pound five sixty on the 18t and Verizon wireless line we got the phone back on what more can you want?
Sonny shine. It's a beautiful day. Keep the windows seal real tight here WQ a.m.
I'm going to fall back on Q a.m.
Hey, no what's going on? Yes, sir. Hey add on those crank callers to your poll
Which of these things do you care about the least?
I can't you're least for this crank call it that they think they're important but that that see that doesn't make any sense
It doesn't fit in with the thrust of our poll. I do understand what you're saying but it doesn't make sense within the context
They are going well. That's why we move along real fast
Which of these things you care about the least we asked
407 votes in two and a half hours. That's pretty heavy duty carlos you follow on that?
Yes
You're not as excited about as you're supposed to be he's a little out of the weather he had really rough night last night.
I'm sorry. I kept rolling him over.
And that what you said that quite
Harness racing 124 which of these things do you care about the least I'll be damned that's what they want to hear about race sign and red Ross and Jim Magardi and Wally MacClamory.
Did you want to hear about that all day long? Harness right? Yeah, I could I could do it. I'm sure.
In fact, if I want to come back on I just sit and sit here done harness racing names of drivers and horses and I could be going till midnight just as Dick Fienberg.
He'll tell you you know dick. No harness racing 126 Georgia's sex fantasies 91.
Oh, Moe Howard David at 58 Florida Marlins is moving back up there 46 Scott Lacey Peterson 43 they got my vote. I don't care about them about the fetus. I don't want to hear from them.
Stanley Cup finals 31 Arbitron radio ratings 11 politics 9 and NFL drafts already got four just one honor. I think it'll do pretty well.
Although maybe not maybe we just got the sports nerds listen up. Maybe that's why we're getting such great intellectual calls.
5 6 7 0 5 with a guy from the W H. We're really pissed off about him man. He's just destroying the economy of this formally wonderful city.
I could be people in the crowd who are infected and I'll be taking the virus with them across China.
Well, this is in China and saws infections are now being reported from almost every province in China.
And that's a clear don't go to China George unless you have to.
Okay, if you want great Chinese just go to the animal post you don't have to get on the plane go all the way to China and whatever you do don't go to Hong Kong.
WQ I am.
I have a few of this ones not going to be too good Q. I. M. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
In the middle of a Bible study class. I call.
Yeah, we're in John. We're in John WQ I. M. Hey guys, I talk to Neil. Please speaking. Neil. Guess what I just did.
I just prepaid my cable for two months. Why would you want to do that?
Because I didn't want to with this next week's small bill episode. Oh, you're gay. Oh, no, no.
And you know what else? You're gay. I want to take you fishing and let you use my whole. Okay. No thanks.
You're gay.
Okay.
If I turn up the bass. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. I've arrived in world of slime. WQ I. M. Hello. Neil. Yes.
Hey, no soft men. Where's karaoke singer in the world? Is he really? Oh my lord. Where was he doing this? I can't imagine Phil Saltsman singing karaoke.
He did Frank Sinatra and it sounded just absolutely for it. Sounded like Frank probably sounds today.
Right. That's the order. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Phil Saltsman. I'd challenge him when Calder opens up.
If they ever open up again and Phil's calling him races. I challenge Phil to start singing karaoke in the middle of one of the races. That would be great.
If he died of my I'll go for that. So next time you're at Calder, let me know how it works out.
Best regards to our good close personal friends. Phil Saltsman. He's a good guy. In spite of some of the people he stuck in his seats at the hockey game around me. In spite of that.
How's your friend big Al doing? Oh, my buddy.
What's your name? David. Q. I. Am. Yeah. I said, then hi to Neil. I beg your pardon. Hi to hi to Neil. Sure. Go ahead. Hello. Oh, hi. New. Yes, sir. How you doing there? Hey, I'm watching these video of these crazy.
She likes riding in Iraq for us to get the hell out. They're not riding. They're celebrating. Man. They're having a good time. They're pounding themselves on the chest. They're flagulating it.
So we spend billions of dollars and sacrifice so many of our young people so that we can liberate these crazy nuts who hate our cars.
We didn't spend any money to liberate anybody. So you better get it right. We went in there so we could take control of the place and we could set up our own puppet government.
And they said, we don't think so. Just like you try to set up the shot in Iran, the same crazy Shiites to do the same thing in Iraq that they didn't Iran and put their own Ayatollah in there is what they want to do. That's what they got in my and we don't know whether a screen read of an ant because we weren't prepared for it.
As usual, we weren't prepared for it. It's a nice move by boy. Man, everything. You've got to reverse my the touch. Everything he touches.
Yeah. Well, I'll tell you one thing. You remember that expression Bush league. Now we know where it came from. We used to think it came from South Florida.
And by the way, Hank, you weren't the first one who said that I was. I don't like when he starts stealing my material, but he's certainly entitled. I was not for doing it.
I don't know who's anyway. Not yet. Well, you should mention him that fat boys in the hospital. We don't want to see Hank follow him because Hank's in denial.
Just like a Samson and Delilah. He's in denial. Wasn't the Liler with a clear Patrick. Well, I get confused. Five, six, huh? Seven.
See Carlos, but he's doing again. I saw gaslight a couple of times. I said again recently. Just as a reminder. So I'll get the telltale signs when you're trying to drag me crazy.
Try to drive me off the deep end. I feel a lot like Ingrid Bergman today, although you don't sound at least bit like Charles Boyet.
I tried to. Don't sound don't talk in French. Okay. It's not in these days. Although I didn't joke my French toast two days ago. But I was good. Man, didn't even make me sick.
I mean, stop and think about how childish that is now stupid. It is the playing cards and the freedom toast. Grow up America. Is it possible? No. I knew it. I knew it.
Grow up just a little teeny tiny bit. Put away those little toddler little lower. They call it little training bikes. Now what they call them training bikes, the bicycles and bikes with training wheels. Yeah, bikes with training wheels, little tiny baby crap.
Okay, get out of the sandbox. Put down your little tiny pale and shovel and start trying to be like a bunch of adults and something like a bunch of overgrown chillens.
Man, it's kind of like you always say it's chilling. Is that what we always say when we get another one of these terrifying bedtime stories about the pay-free deck parts one through a hundred. It's chilling like a villain.
And the American people are willing. That's the sad part. I made a two-thrilling. And pretty soon is going to be a lot more killing. Killin' will tie on some villain.
And the crowds are milling around. I think I'm out of material. It's 12 minutes after love. We milked that pretty good. Thank you. Ever started that. That was excellent. What a show, man. Oh, there's a spot for two teens for five dollars.
I bet you normally call them. It's an A&W spot. Two teens for five bucks.
Do I have the magic touch on that button, man? I got that. I can touch it. Well, if they're legal age and bring them on up here now.
12 minutes after love at five sixty WQM. How many times did you have an opportunity? You didn't act. You didn't hop right on it.
Well, rarely does an opportunity interrupt your life, but this one ought to interest rates have gone on even lower than they were before. It's amazing. Financial group was offering an interest rate of 3.45%.
Then they lowered it to an even more amazing 2.95% and now believe it or not, rates have gone even lower.
2.45% financing. Wait. Nine you with financial group. That's correct. 2.45%. Call financial group toll free at 1.809 for O-Lend.
How long when these low interest rates last? You're probably wondering. Well, probably not very long. So it's like a window of opportunity that we invite you to hop through with financial group and get yourself that incredibly low rate of just 2.45% and save yourself a Schmidt load of cash.
Call financial group today toll free at 1.809 for O-Lend. And you're probably wondering and I'm sure you might be what 2.45% financing will do to your monthly payments.
I'll give you some for instances. If you have a 200,000 loan, it produces your payments to only 786 a month. If you have a 100,000 loan, you pay only 3.93 a month. Unbelievable.
So do it now and save yourself a lot of cash in the process. Call financial group 1.809 for O-Lend. 1.809 for O-L-E-N-D. The Renekuil Housing Lender.
Credit restrictions apply rate somebody to change without notice 5.34 APR.
My life and look all this is 4.805 city.
Way to A.M.
If there's a butt ass smell it. I am Dr. Gupta. I will be performing your hot surgery today.
How are you, Dr.? What do you know? What do you say? What are you feeling, Mr. David?
Like I've been into a York government party. What do you think I feel like over here?
I feel like it's a simple heart-final procedure. Just breathe deeply into the basket. You won't feel it.
Say, I went on a fast. I can't move a nothing.
Look at that. He's open to my chest now.
By the way, sir. Dr. Gupta is taking off his pants. And now he's...
What the...
...thrape in my chest, the cavity.
Stop.
Do you know who I am?
Do, do, do, do, do, do, do.
That's not the thing I can do.
Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do.
He's breaking my chest.
Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do...
Oh, my, did you die?
Oh, my, did you die?
It was a beautiful funeral now.
Even if I was the only one who showed up,
they were like a fire out of me.
Well, looks like it's time for me to do what I always wanted to do.
Oh no, the boat's coming back to life.
Why do you think you're going dancing on my grave?
I thought you were dead, Mo.
Of course I'm dead. I'm at Damba B.
I'm more on...
Ciao! You know what that means, Mo?
I've got a kill here now.
And how do you propose to do that since I'm already dead?
Well, just stop my nerve and told you, Mo.
Yeah, what is that?
I'm telling you, now, damn pious lady.
Big deal.
Now I got to stand you with my rob and stand.
Not yourself, I'm punk.
I'm a moored hole. See?
Why?
The power of Christ compels you.
Oh, Christ compels you.
The power of Christ compels you.
The power of Christ compels you.
Okay, 1119.
I'm telling you, look at my email.
Seven messages.
Yes.
Five of them from you, which are five pictures.
Oh, look at these two guys.
These two queen. I mean, these two go.
Well, that's okay.
I'll tell you one thing.
I've checked them all out.
This is the last one I looked at.
And at least for the beginning here,
we sure leaps and bounds ahead with these steps.
Now our winners on last one, leaps and bounds and light years ahead of where we were before.
Of course, last one, the first one we did when you were, you know, I was out.
Because I'm vacation or what was the story?
You were on vacation and, uh, yeah.
But I mean, that was the pioneering of this.
That was just the beginning.
And it was a slow slot together at the last minute, sperm of the moment kind of thing.
Right.
So if you like to win an all expense paid, well, is it all expense?
We don't want to say that.
Not all expense.
No, just the airfare in the hotel.
The airfare in the hotel.
So what I think most of the expense of you punch your brains out and lose your guts at the casino,
that's your problem.
I roll the trip for two to the Bahamas three days and two nights including airfare.
Go to neo-roger.com, our prestigious website.
And where you see those flaming things on there.
I think one of them is a picture of Muff and the other one's a picture of, uh,
freaky Carlos from our front.
Not our Carlos.
Keep in mind.
He's not.
FAMING!
Yeah, not as freaky Carlos.
No.
But anyway, when you see the flames, you'll know you're in the right spot and click on that baby
and you see how you get involved in this.
And you might be a winner.
Also, the other two emails from a hysterical insamuels.
Huh?
I see with psychotics.
You says, are they, they're doing transmitter maintenance or, I mean, Internet, uh, some maintenance at 11 o'clock.
Is the message that she got when she lost the audio?
Screeching.
It's all right.
It's 16 now.
I remember the Q.A.M.
Hi, I'd like to talk to Neil, please.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, um, you're in Toronto now, right?
Sounds like it to me.
Listen, did you, uh, did you have an orread article of the World Health Organization?
Um, I guess put a travel ban on Toronto or...
No, I never heard of that.
I was in yesterday's Miami Harrel.
Don't believe anything you read in the Harrel, man.
There's no such thing.
Are you reading any Chinese food?
No.
Hi, you know, I haven't any young, uh, some young guy.
Some young guy now.
Hi, uh, well, I'm not that excited.
I'm just a drinking bottle of water.
Come back to Florida and stay healthy.
No chance, man.
Good luck to you.
Well, right, yeah, well, I'm not a part of it is.
See, this is what happens.
People read this crap into papers.
We told you the W.H.
Oh!
You're full of crap.
If you could see what a beautiful day it is there today.
And life is as usual.
There's nobody walking around the city with masks on, with surgical masks.
There's nobody screaming and going off the deep end.
The, uh, TTC, the subways riding just as normal, and the go train, and the come train, and all that.
And life goes on.
Life goes on.
We had 20,000 people here on Monday night for that game.
Six of the air Canada Center.
Unfortunately, game seven was not so good.
But I mean, 20,000 people that didn't get sick, didn't even get SARS, didn't even cough it and people can have a headache.
They got a headache from the game on Tuesday.
They saw him fully, but other than that.
And this is what's going on in the media.
In fact, the prestigious New York Times, I read their story that they had yesterday about this W.H.O.
thing about Toronto.
And I'm going to tell you that if you put side by each, the article from the Toronto star,
next to the New York Times, it would be like you're talking about two different cities, two different health situations, two different worlds as Roger Williams and what's your name would say?
Jane Morgan.
Remember that on Cap Records?
No.
Boca Brian does.
If I told you once, I've told you a bunch of times.
About that song.
Which is perfect for that place.
I already played that moat thing tonight.
Yeah, but what?
I want to make sure I don't have a lot of distractions here.
We're trying to get to phone going.
I'm checking out all these damn emails, which were an old fart like me, you know?
Yeah, I know.
To be checking seven historical emails, but we do have four hundred and sixty five votes, being a boy.
I do like that.
Very impressive, myself.
It is impressive.
Edward Eric.
How about with me for coming up with the poll, Puts?
Well, of course, that goes without saying.
Which of these, yeah, right?
What's not that can be done?
See, everybody's on automatic, your direct deposit.
Now all of a sudden, he's not sucking around so hard anymore.
That's what definitely was complaining about.
Which of these things do you care about the least?
Harness racing, 139.
I can't believe they don't care about Kevin Wallace and George Wallace.
And Mickey McTickle and Brian Sears.
And Sears Robuck was that SARS-Robuck here.
George's sex fantasy is 97.
They don't want to hear about that anymore.
They're tired of the fact that you can't get it.
They don't want to hear about you.
Now, we can't get laid anymore.
They're sick of it.
They know it already.
Okay.
All right.
Hey, does Greg bring his kids into there?
Are they off at school somewhere?
Yes.
He did bring them in?
Yes.
His daughter.
What about his two sons?
No.
They're illegal age now.
And he knows that I'm up here so they're safe.
Yeah.
And let me ask you, did we ever find out who the father was at those kids
since they all have a different color here?
No.
I guess now is not a good time to be asking.
Stanley Cup playoff's 35.
Arbitron radio waiting's 13.
Politics 11.
The NFL draft is moving up.
It got a very late start, but it's got already.
And I'm sure we'll get a lot more than that.
Because this is NFL draft weekend, baby.
Yeah.
Who the hell need?
Why don't we get Dick Vitale to do it with a mad dog?
Who the hell needs that stodgy old fart Moe Howard Davidit,
who's playing hard to get,
and finally admits now that he'll be there after pretending,
oh, I'm unless I get paid to go with a day.
Yeah, all of this other bull crap.
Who the hell are you, man?
Just one false move, just one blink of the eye from you.
Just one cross-eyed look at Greg and yeah,
because there's one message I'd like to be a pasalogged Moe on behalf of management.
Greg H2.
Yeah, okay.
I know that for a fact.
Greg H2.
So does everybody else while I'm at it?
But especially.
Greg H2.
Yeah, he only wishes he could find a way to show you the exit.
Am I getting a little worked up?
Not enough.
Oh.
Don't guess what Moe.
Greg H2.
Like poison.
Like SARS.
Like arsenic.
Like he be G.B.
Like Hocus Pocus.
Because he done a focus group.
Yeah, they did a focus group with a whole bunch of people in a room.
But third, man.
Halle, potty, Ag GMC.
In business for over 35 years.
That's like old, long and some of you have been alive.
In one same great location.
Can you imagine the number of businesses just in their block in 30 years
that are coming and going in that time?
About third, man.
And at least.
But Halle, potty, Ag still there at 134.01.
South Fixie Highway, US one across from the falls because they make unbeatable deals.
And they treat you right.
For example, right now, Tom Laman and Joe Prado have got these Neil deals going on.
Halle, Neil Deal number one.
Get yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every potty Ag or GMC in stock.
Neil Deal number two.
Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC in potty Ag in stock.
That is correct.
I'll say it again because it's startling, but it's true.
Get yourself up to a $4,000 rebate on every new coward truck in stock.
And Halle, right this moment as I speak.
And Neil Deal number three, if you're currently a GMSmart,
Lisa Smart by customer and driver Chevy Blazer,
and rules of Provoto or GMC Jimmy, buy or lease a new potty Ag or GMC
and get yourself an extra $1,000 off the price.
And while you're at Halle, looking around, be sure and take a test drive
with the all-new, spiffy and powerful potty Ag Grand Prix too.
For more information about the Neil Deal's call their hotline tool,
free the Neil Deal hotline that is, say it again.
Thank you.
At 1,885344211, that's 1,885344211,
and please keep in mind that all the Neil Deal's has submitted
credit and provolacy in the Euler Fort details.
Halle, potty Ag GMC of all the others they are, professional greatest.
My life and look all this is 430560,
UAAM.
Howard David's a bit.
Economy tanking, biological warfare.
Two minutes of channels and tonight for our in-depth report,
on the dangers of electric tongue cleansers.
Whiteboard Lockdown, channeled and eyewitness news.
Good hygiene is a good idea, especially after a good ass eating,
but using an electric tongue cleanser could.
Resultant disaster.
Channeled him a investigative reporter, Guilda Anu.
Ring, Guilda.
Join the eyewitness news team and Dan Rowell with news from the future.
Is it just a rumor that Guilty really has scabbies?
113129, till noon at 560WDQM,
the Mad Dog coming along at 1 and Hank at 3 in Marlon's baseball tonight,
and at EK and Joe and Mark and the Howard and what's his name, Guilty in the morning.
See, I caught him Howard at them, sort of.
I'm trying to be a little bit nice before the numbers come out.
And who knows, he could have another good month in March, right?
He might salvage a book and we might go in the tank.
Or he might have another month like December or January.
We can only hope not.
Because if he does good, we do bad.
If we do a good, he does bad.
See, that's the New Deal.
That's what happens when you bring in a guy who's like at war
with the entire rest of the radio station.
Not a good idea, not a good lead in, not a good idea.
But that's just his thing, you know.
It's him against the world, kind of like George W.
Union and management negotiators at American Airlines have reached agreement on a framework
to keep the company out of bankruptcy.
But both sides need to win approval from their respective boards according to a congressman
who brought the two sides together.
Representative Martin Frost said yesterday, or today,
the agreement was reached late last night after 12 hours of meetings.
He didn't know any of the details of the deal, which was reached after he and three other congressmen
left the meeting earlier yesterday.
But he said, representatives from both sides told him the agreement.
He said it's a done deal and I just has to be approved by the board.
Got it?
Got it.
Frost said, the future of American Airlines will probably be known today.
I think there will be a resolution one way or another two day, he said.
Two days, everybody's on pins and needles, all our friends out there who work in American
and good luck to them.
They'll need it.
Just like the people of fly American, good luck.
They're not shyness in there.
Should I say that?
No.
Did they quit with those hand grenades?
I guess because things got so tight, they couldn't afford to put any more of them hand grenades
in the overhead bin.
They weren't for real, it was just for effect.
Just for dramatic effect.
They go under the seat, though.
And old is Israel, Iraq, oil line reopening question mark.
The only reason I'm doing some bedtime stories is that unless we have a lag and the phone calls on it,
which is very distressing to me now that the phone is working again.
We were off to such a stirring start here today.
If you ask me, I would say so with you.
Yeah, okay, sure.
What do you mean by that?
I'm just agreeing with everything you say.
I'm not talking to you anymore, I'm talking to Carlos.
What do you think, being a boy?
Sure.
Shut up.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6.
See how easy he is to get a little rid of it.
He's just a gungho, you know, any opportunity, any opening.
So I'd watch yourself, George.
I'd watch you and say, don't get sick.
No, don't get sick.
No, we're beauty.
We're a mask.
In fact, that's probably what he's doing.
He's probably trying to infect that studio to get you a sick.
And then all of a sudden, you'll notice how fast he gets healthy again.
I was wondering why he was spitting on me.
Just like that week, you run vacation a couple weeks ago.
Man, I'm going to tell you he was dancing on your grave.
You thought, Geldy was dancing on most grave and I won bit.
He was dancing.
He was tap dancing on it.
You should have put taps on his sneakers.
Got me to trade him, show him all the ropes.
Never see a guy put taps on sneakers.
Not lately.
He's bottle caps.
W-Q-A-M.
Yes, sir.
Could you say, uh, color spit?
Go on there.
I beg your pardon?
Listen, all question over is that something you asked a week.
What's going on there?
Why is that?
Paul Kaster, I doubt that.
I doubt that very much.
Paul Kaster, who has been sucking my butt, I don't think so.
Not that the goofball.
There's nothing to say about him.
That's very sad.
Got it ripped off everybody else's material.
He's on a big, powerful station on air.
I'll tell you one thing.
Look back at those numbers, back in the good old days when Zeta was really a power house.
Not power 96, but a power house.
I understand.
You know, you got that aging sidekick on her with you, Paul.
I understand.
I think they could have a precipitous drop in his book tomorrow.
Don't you, Zeta?
I don't know where they're at.
I forgot.
I just made that up.
I don't know either, but I just made that up just to make them more nervous.
See, they make a difference to me.
I got a good contract, Paulie, man.
I said, Paulie, man.
Maybe that's the Paulie man they were talking about.
Kaster Noah.
Maybe that was a sublime little thing on his part to try to get into QNB.
Even though he didn't know.
Even though he didn't know.
He didn't know.
You're a liar, Paulie.
You're a liar.
Everybody in the building knows you've been trying for the last three, four years to get into QNB.
And it'll work out in the morning.
So, and the answer is still.
No.
I talked to him up.
I talked to Clarence.
I talked to Greg.
I talked to the water now.
It's even.
And they said no chance that Kaster Noah is still old material.
No chance.
Everybody QAM?
How are you doing, Neil?
Maybe that's why he's sucking around.
He's looking to get in the station again.
Yes sir.
How are you?
My name's Lance.
I have a cold.
You'll have to excuse me.
You talked last week about a show on TV called up.
Reverend Jones.
I'm too hot.
Reverend Jones.
Your week, Reverend Jones.
You're very weak.
Okay.
That's two tries in last half hour.
By the way, speaking of are you hot?
This water was unbelievably sexy.
And beautiful, intelligent are you hot?
Being hot and sexy is fun for a while.
But it sure does get boring.
Check out this hot cold.
I don't give a damn hot sexy.
Look.
Flown down and you're in pain.
She's just hot.
Everywhere you look at her, she's sexy.
She's just smoking.
Let's start.
I've been leaving now.
Come on.
Come on.
Way from.
You sexy pain.
You sexy pain.
Sucks the pain.
You.
I've been leaving now.
Come on.
Come on.
You sexy pain.
I think we should sex each other.
No matter what we do, we always think we have a good time.
And she's pretty sexy too.
I'm too sexy.
Wow, that's a sexy pose.
I'm sorry, I'm so damn sexy.
And I'm wet and hot.
Some kinds of them are a little bloated.
I don't feel that sexy.
I am a sexy bit.
She is so hot.
Because that's sexy.
I've been leaving now.
Come on.
You sexy pain.
You sexy pain.
I think we should sex each other.
You sexy pain.
I'm wet.
So that's what's beneath it.
That's what it's under.
Partly.
What a shame.
I think I only saw that one week.
It was pretty damn good.
It was pretty hot, man.
My TV was smoldering.
I thought the glass was going to melt.
See if it hadn't been for Lorenzo ripping off Howard.
There you go.
Pick it on Lorenzo Lamiskin.
Because you just jealous.
You only wish you looked like he used to.
Yeah.
So long.
Or their business.
Here's Mayor Mel, man.
He is pissed off and fired up at the WHP.
He is screaming.
Hop it up and on like grubble stillskin.
5, 6, 7.
You know, I don't know about this line too.
I guess it's working.
But there's something spastic about this whole phone thing.
You know.
There's something really spastic going on there.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18,
TNT and Verizon.
We're doing screenless.
I think we got the audience trained to that.
And we'll be doing it for the foreseeable future.
Next 20, 30 years.
When you think?
Oh, please.
Well, maybe not 20 years, maybe.
Not 30, man.
I don't know.
We'll see how it goes.
WQIM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
And congratulations for Tio making the front page
of the Palm Beach Post today.
I see.
I come up here and put this place on the map to
Leafs think to join out on Tuesday.
And then we got the big sourcing with the WHP.
You know what?
I would carry an umbrella when I leave the house.
Because it's just a question of time until Rick Sanchez
begins squatting over a map of terror.
He's not permitted in here.
We've already got his picture at the border.
No chance.
No sepia mishaki.
Okay.
Listen, I do have an idea as to why our beloved ex-friends,
Mr. Henry, has turned such a right-wing Nazi.
Are you sure?
He's getting a TV show.
Right.
And as we all know, who owns the media, all of the media.
And if he were to come out and think he's just kissing that guy.
That's why he's covering his ass by saying,
oh, I'm really taking a chance because I could lose my show
with my TV show by coming out in favor of the world.
That's what he would say.
That's like saying that I'm really taking a wrist by coming out in favor of mom
and apple pie.
That's what didn't make any sense.
Okay, calm down.
You get a little bit too excited now.
Listen, Tio, there's a new Johnny Depp movie coming out.
Okay.
Pirates of the Caribbean.
It looks like a good movie.
Are you going to be dressed up as a pirate though
or a swish bus swashbuckler with all of this stuff?
He's a swishbuckler.
Have you seen Blow?
No.
That's a good movie.
That's a true story with Johnny Depp.
He's excellent in that.
That's very good movie.
You enjoy it.
Oh, Johnny Depp is in Blow?
Yeah.
Because I didn't know.
It was on the other day.
I think it's how one of my movie channels this week.
I might catch it.
I'll tell you what.
That guy.
And at the end of it, listen, at the end,
there's about a 10 minute interview with Johnny Depp
and the actual guy that's still in prison.
So after the credits, keep watching it
because the interview's pretty interesting as well.
How about you?
How about you?
It's on DVD.
Oh, no doubt.
Which is a good thing.
You get all those extras when you get the DVD.
And believe it or not, the show is moving.
The TV Herman is in there and he's pretty good in it also.
Is he blowing too?
Actually, he does play a fair against this one.
What a surprise.
Okay, have a great day, Palli.
Love you, Neil.
Say hi to Johnny Depp.
He's my kind of guy.
Man, what memories of Johnny and his brown leather jackets stand next to me?
I wish I had those pictures from those days.
I mentioned the bird took him with him to his box.
To his birdcades, don't you think?
Yeah.
To his birdcades.
Birdbox in the sky.
Oh, man, that Johnny Depp.
He had skin like silk.
Anyway, I'm sorry.
So there's another reason you should watch Ed Wood when it's on.
I think you need to go out of your way or anything.
Wood?
Ed.
I'm probably.
When I do Johnny Depp, I probably have.
I'm telling you, he was just one of the most remarkable people I have ever seen.
He made Tom Welling look like a beener boy.
Oh, yeah.
That's how good he looked when he was sitting right there.
He was picking on Carlos.
I'm not picking on you.
You're the one who calls him ugly Chuck.
Yeah, well, I try to call him something like more respectable like beener boy.
That's more respectful.
I mean, ugly Chuck.
What is that?
Like up Chuck.
That's right.
That's like what you call fat people skinny.
Blown people red.
Is he talking again?
Sense of bringing in the slap in the head.
19 till noon at 5.60 W to Q.A.
And hey, let me tell you right now, if your mattress is lumpy and bumpy, you're just not sleeping good.
You wake up in the morning, you feel like you've been tossing and turning, and you probably have.
Here's the deal.
Over a million people, a million smart people.
I know it's amazing that there's that many around, but there are.
Who have bought a mattress right over the phone from dial amateurs, including yours truly and George and Miguel and lots of other smart folks.
Call 1-800-MATTRES right now, and you'll be guaranteeing yourself and your back a great night's sleep tonight and for a long time to come.
They carry only the best mattresses made by man.
Seely, Sir, the Simmons, King Coyle.
They got every size and style imaginable ready for immediate delivery.
You'll never get a bait and swish when you call dial amateurs.
They're ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
They've got more repeat and referral customers than anybody in the world because they know how to treat you right.
And I promise you I'll bet both George and Carlos's life on.
I'll throw in Greg there too, but all three of their lives.
And once you buy a mattress from dial amateurs, you never dream of going back to a showroom and schlepping around town by it that way again.
And don't forget, when you buy your mattress over the phone by making that one EC phone call, they set up the new and take away your crappy old vetting for free.
That's correct.
Dial amateurs sets up the new and takes away your smelly nasty soil old vetting for free.
So make the call right now to dial amateurs 1-800-MATTRES.
1-800-MATTRES and you and your back will be happy campus for years to come.
Dial amateurs the intelligently brilliant way to buy you a great new mattress and get a great night's sleep.
I am the local CCC's 5-City.
The radio's on your side.
It's a vacuum in.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
You've tried those other breakfast cereals that claim to be all natural.
Now, get the real thing.
Introducing Cowlogs Sugar Plops.
To bring you all natural fiber rich goodness, cow logs when straight to the farm.
Lightly toasted what we found.
Then sweetened it.
So next time you're shopping, don't just reach for any breakfast cereal.
Reach for the all natural cow log sugar plops.
It's like nothing you've ever tasted for breakfast.
Ah!
Garant to you.
11-47 at 5-60 W-Q-A-M Happy Thursday to you.
And here's the article of the guy we've referred to at the beginning of the show by Jeff Miller in the sports section of the hero today.
Brian Murray sent packing back to Shukshesh.
How do you spell Shukshesh?
But anyway, here's that one paragraph.
Murray, Brian, me and Brian, ruled straight downhill from that peak, meaning the big, big, panther year that one year.
That seems like a lifetime ago.
Picture a cartoon snowball until he and his brother Terry were dumped.
They're parting news conference.
Curry Live on the panther's Fangship radio station.
Complete with the comedic sounds of intermittent flatulence.
Nice going, Jeff.
Somebody of one of our newspapers has got the balls.
Even though we don't mention my name.
To make at least a veiled reference to the show.
Any incredible comedy that's becoming from it.
Okay, and the Roma as well.
I came from both Murray's, but they left in their wake.
Okay, don't be tell me about Anna Heim and the duck.
That's that's a whole different ball game.
I see team of Salani and coming back with San Jose with his sharks.
Which means the least better get team of Salani or somebody who's going to probably get his ass fired.
Right, Pat?
Right.
Want to do some hockey talk now that Rimmer is going to be here this afternoon.
Maybe tomorrow morning we can have a room around just before we do the ratings.
What do you say?
No hockey show.
No.
If you could only see, you know, there's this guest mic in here.
Yeah.
That's way up in the air for like a nine foot tall.
If we had like an NBA guy and he will be great.
But I mean, it's not a boom.
So you can move it around.
But there's no place.
You need, first of all, you'd have to like crawl around behind this thing.
And there's no place to put a chair back there.
You have to do like stand-up comedy.
Like, oh, you know, the stand-up guy.
He'd still do it, Rimmer.
No chance.
Keep him out of here.
Okay, keep him out of here.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
The ATAT and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a medical guy.
They were in a high risk situation.
They would come up as they were planned to do.
Investigations led to confirmations that the patients were not SARS infected.
So how do you like that?
How do you like that?
Everybody sniffles now.
Oh, my God.
You got to start everybody in the median.
I'm the general public is trying to get the public scared.
You know, you got a fever by 145.
You probably do have some kind of a problem.
Although Carlos was telling me when he was bitterly complaining the other day about that big lump on his neck,
that Duff was trying to take his temperature.
Right.
WBQAM.
He said he told him it was a thermometer.
What is it?
I'm finished.
Yeah, you're finished.
All right.
Speaking of Team Uselani, he said he's finished.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the ATAT and Verizon Wireless Line.
Look at that phone.
Is that disappointing or what?
Whatever.
On a screen of Thursday.
Not even noon yet.
These people can't keep it up.
They just can't keep up the great the brilliance that's necessary for this.
We need this audience, baby.
We need this crowd.
We need to have the same kind of loyalty on this show that the right wingers, the ditto heads,
give the large ass in there.
You know, we need to have all of that fake crap.
You know, fake real, a made up, whatever you want to do.
Not just this book, but for months and years to come.
That's what we need.
Because that's the only way.
See, that's why this book tomorrow so important.
Not only is it like the could be the death knell for a certain show in the morning on some station.
Not to mention no names.
But also to see if we can actually continue to hold ours up in the air.
At a time when everybody's being intimidated, you have to go step and you have to be right wing.
And you either with us or against us, you have to be super patriotic.
And you have to support the bush, my student, no matter how many evil and grotesque unacceptable things he doesn't say, etc.
So let's see if cheap channels on the right track or maybe we can kick their ass tomorrow.
Let's see.
You don't know.
We had one bad month and one real good month out of the three.
That's what we know so far.
January, September was sensational.
And I will just wait and see.
We'll twiddle our thumb.
I'll twiddle my thumbs.
You twiddle your thumbs.
I'll actually doing it right now.
All right.
Here we go.
And we'll wait and see what's going to happen tomorrow.
Lot of pressure.
Lot of tension.
WQAM.
See what I mean?
Maybe they're twiddling their thumbs.
Yes, sir.
Who the hell is Chimu Salani?
Who is he?
Number eight.
Number eight.
Number eight.
He's great.
5670560.
See there's another macho guy.
He's called me.
Fat boy.
We would know hockey player if they'd if they'd high stick him in the push.
And I guarantee he's got one.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Is this Neil?
Yes, sounds like me.
What's happening, Neil?
How you doing?
I was just going to say I'm a first-time car.
OK.
And don't you like the way we do this screenless?
You don't have to be interrogated by a bunch of people before you get on the air.
It's great.
Yeah, no kidding.
I was just telling my buddy about that.
How you got to do this.
Some of the other shows, man, they put like a whole screening committee.
And you have to talk like six people.
And you have to give them their shoe size and social security.
And they still have that.
Exactly.
And also Florida socks.
Just to let you know.
OK.
I mean, I've been here for years and you know, this place definitely blows.
But also, I wanted you to, if you can, play that one bit.
Why don't you play butterfly kisses?
Do you never mind me, George?
I'll be right back.
Don't forget to play Butter.
I'll write it down.
Yes.
That one bit that you guys have on that woman who takes her car to the mechanic.
And she gets her back and is a turd in the back seat.
Oh, I wonder if I brought that damn disc with me or not.
OK.
If I can find it, you've got it.
Yes.
You've got that, dude.
My cousin's here and I told him about it.
But I don't remember the whole thing.
But he probably died laughing if you got that.
I'll get around for it.
OK.
That's cool.
Have a great day, pal.
All right.
Thanks, pal.
See you, pal.
I don't know if I brought that with me or not.
What number more or less was it?
To a both look?
No, no.
You understand.
It wasn't on there.
It was on at Bob Wolf's disc.
That special disc.
I'll be right back.
So you're dealing with stuff now.
You're a little bit over your out of your league, man.
You're dabbling with stuff that you haven't encountered yet.
It's like you're starting to give me a lecture on SARS.
This is something that's a little bit out of your element so far.
Stick with the stuff you know about the damn Jews and about the poor Palestinians.
Stick with the stuff about that smelly ass.
And then you'll be OK.
But once you start venturing out of this other realm,
then you start treading on very, very shaky ground.
Why still do my shakies, you know?
And let me just give a little piece of advice.
All you people out there who think it's cute being fat.
When you do get diabetes and most of you will,
if you're fat in some of your kids will too, which is a disgrace.
You'll discover it's no goddamn fun being diabetic.
And one of the things I'm miss being able to eat,
not only just a pasta, which is my favorite, but pizza.
This business is having a scrape off the toppings.
That takes away all the fun, you know?
That would be like a, that would be like a, a, a banana split.
And all you can eat is the sauce off the top.
You can't eat, you know what I mean?
And you can't even eat that.
But I'm just saying if that's what you could do, who now wants that?
So don't become diabetic.
Lose the guy.
Then wait, stop picking out.
Stop shoveling that stuff and you're pushing,
walking around carrying that enormous gigantic pooping.
Brother, just unbelievably sad and just tragic.
This is one of the great nightmares of USA.
And nobody, I mean, you have a few people want to talk about it.
We get the obligatory story every month.
There's a new story and a new statistic.
And people just keep shoveling.
And you see the thing with the sugar people?
Oh, yeah.
I never got around to talking about that story.
The sugar people are the evil people.
And the sugar people are getting ready to sue.
Where do I want to do with that story?
I've got to hear somewhere.
Oh, I got something.
No, you don't have to play any music.
Okay.
Oh, there's the horse meat debate.
Maybe a bit of a way to give people out of duchess.
Keep reading that every day.
There's the thing about cheap channel and what a bunch of lunatics they are.
Here's that litter from Jim Lenson plantation.
I saved that.
There's Elvis was a diabetic.
You see?
Look what happened to him.
Elvis, he's dead.
I rest my case.
He's dead.
Paint your Easter eggs with air of blood.
There's another thing.
From WhiteHouse.org.
There's that thing about Miss Grudge.
Miss Grudge and David Brock.
And there's lovely flowers.
Those pansies that Matt sent.
Look what I found.
Hey, you're on this.
This Tito ain't on the out here.
Are you found it?
Yeah.
It was right there.
See? I knew I left it there.
Well, let's, uh, we'll, uh, I don't know.
We'll put it in the next hour.
We'll try to start the next hour.
And then we'll do butterfly kisses.
And because I'm getting way behind here.
I eat.
And I can't find that story about those damn sugar bastards.
But those other people are getting really pissed off.
Because more and more, we're discovering that that hidden sugar
in everything is what's killing people heart disease.
And we are clogged arteries and all these other things.
Their point is that 25% of your diet can consist of sugar.
And you'll be just fine.
Right.
Yeah, just take a syringe full of sugar and just stick it in your veins, baby.
Just take a sugar hit every day.
Yeah.
I said sugar hit.
Okay.
I think I said that tonight.
Just a seconder.
I thought I said the word that I said.
I had to dump myself on Wednesday, by the way.
Big dump.
11.56, four minutes till noon.
So I'll play the, uh, new into one intro.
And then you can play that.
You got it.
Got it.
And we get the, uh, we got the NFL draft.
How's our pool coming here?
I know I'm sure that, uh, be 537 votes.
It's slowing down a little bit.
We got to get the kick that thing up there.
We got to get to 700 by and, uh, one o'clock to keep being a boy happy.
Which of these things do you care about the least 537 votes?
Harness racing 154.
Georgia sex fantasies.
114.
Moe Howard, David, 76.
Florida, Marlon's 55.
Uh, Scott Lacey Peterson, 53.
Santa Cappale, 43.
The NFL draft.
It was the late edition, but it's already up to 16 votes.
Arbor time radio ratings 13 and politics 13.
Got it.
Got it.
Climb on it.
I'll tell you about a place you ought to climb your feet into when that's Brandy shoes and
Pomp of the Beach.
What wonderful folks these are.
Give your friendly personal service.
They know your feet inside and out.
And this year, Brandy is celebrating their 25th year in the shoe business in South Florida.
Well, I've said we got, we got Halipondi Act 35 years.
We got Brandy shoes 25 years.
And you're truly 27 years.
Which means a lot of us are getting old.
But number two, somebody must be doing something right.
I know Brandy's is because they offer you an unbeatable, great selection of top name brands.
Men and women's, women's, a famous shoe is like rock ports, echo is my fist out, Timberland,
Clarks, S.A.S. Floreshaw, and all the other top names.
And if you got little teeny tiny feet or big, big fat ones, they can handle you.
Because they got men's size of 6 to 15 and women's 5 to 12 and they make sure and very narrow to very wide feet as well.
So you get a perfect fit every time from the professional sales holes at Brandy's.
You'll find them at 12, 19 North Federal Highway in Pomp of the Beach open daily, 99.
Even on Sundays, 10 to 5.
And there's always a special going out of Brandy's to save you even more cash every week.
For example, right now is a great time to shop at Brandy's shoes as a select group of women's style naturalizers are on sale.
Take 20 to 60% off.
So stop interfisive Brandy's on their website at Brandy's shoes dot com.
We're sports radio fighters.
You A.M.
I'm from O'Elia and I like running my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from shoes.
And listening to the near okay, I'm gonna use the hour.
Take I hand.
I think we're calling Mrs. T. Toine. I'm out here.
I just picked up my 92 accord from your life and it is on shoes turd in the back seat.
Are you stirred?
Yes.
And there's one in the back seat?
I'm a turd. A piece of a big ass human turd in the back seat of my car.
Ma'am, I assure you our guys did not take it dump in your car.
If you want to bring that car back and we'll take a look at it.
You, oh, you want to take a look at it.
My car is fine. It's that big ass turd in the back seat.
Okay. What would you like me to do?
I said, okay. How about I go to your house and pick a loaf on your car? How about that?
Ma'am, what would you like me to do to fix the situation?
I want somebody to come over here, get this turd out my back seat.
That's not gonna happen.
What do you mean it's not gonna happen?
You can bring the car here and we can take a look at it.
I am. I'm gonna bring it back there. You know what I'm gonna do?
I'm gonna take the dump in every last car you got there.
I'm gonna peel your counter. I'm gonna do it all.
Okay.
Just tell you how it feels.
Okay.
And you know what? You sound like a big girl in there.
That probably came out your way.
Oh, yeah. I don't make it happen to go on and take a dump in the car.
How much do you weigh?
About 400 pounds.
That's your turd. That's my turd.
That came from a 400 pound man.
This is a 400 pound man.
Either that or gorilla.
I'm driving this car right to my lawyer's office and I'm gonna let the whole world see.
You gonna be on the news this evening, buddy.
I'm gonna get seven on my side.
What? You gonna be on the news?
Can you describe the...
I'm gonna see what it is.
You know what it is? It came out your ass.
What the hell? You were kind of asking me what color.
I tell you what, it smells ungodly.
That's what it smells like.
It smells like you sold your ass to the devil.
I don't even know if it's a hell.
What the hell, baby? How long is it?
It's not as long as my arm.
I don't think it's fun.
Why y'all? This is not fun.
I got a damn two-bar four and my back feet.
You know, I think this is...
I think this is racial shit too.
That's what this is.
A little kid is running away from it.
Oh my...
I'm gonna go find this funny.
Oh, okay.
You're probably...
...for the fair and wheel suit, don't you?
All right, all right.
How long does it look like it's been sitting there?
Steve is coming off of it, okay?
Steve, Steve is coming off of it?
Yeah.
Steve is coming off of it!
Steve is coming off of it, okay?
I am taking this piece of fresh dirt.
Okay.
What you need to do is you need to bring that dirt back.
And we'll match it up.
We have a line up.
We'll match it up with the other turns that we have.
Well, what you need to do is learn how to use a toy.
We're saying I can bring the dirt back to me?
No. You know what?
Is this a sample?
No. I'm starting to like it.
You're gonna keep it as a fact?
Well, keep it.
Because it's a nice...
You know what?
It's a nice conversation, please.
Okay, cool.
Okay.
Hey, thanks.
Oh, thanks.
I hate you daddy.
Daddy, you suck.
Eat my shorts.
Get it?
There's two things I know for sure.
Daddy, you're a loser.
I look back on my pants.
I think Mommy cheats on you.
Well, if you're not a good friend,
you're gonna stay a little wife like a loving girl.
Hi, Samantha. I'm always here.
Oh, I told you I'm done wrong.
I must have done something wrong.
Daddy, why don't you get a job?
To deserve a hug every month.
And what if I could see that night?
Daddy, you smell like beer.
Sweet 16 today.
I'm dropping out of high school.
A little more everyday.
Daddy, I'm pregnant.
One part one.
The other part girl.
I don't know who the father is.
For women make up.
For women's anchor.
I have to turn tricks to cash.
I drove the car into a tree.
Can you just send me some cigarettes?
Hey, how about a dose for the bride and groom?
Daddy, I'm getting married again.
And I'll give her away.
Daddy, that's my ass.
Standing in the bridegroom just staring at her.
I think I have syphilis.
Hey, Pop. We're moving in.
Dad, I asked news. I'm a lesbian.
A ride.
This is a 506 WQA.
I'm glad you refacted this article about the sugar industry.
Yes, threatens to scupper WHL.
I love the sugar industry.
I'm going to inject four gallons of sugar into my vein.
Sugar water right now.
Just as a protest.
Do you want to know why?
Because of the WHO sucks.
If you had any idea that they're saying right now,
it's just watching here, which I said I'm going to hit that button.
Sorry.
But this is the effect here is worse than 9.11.
Nobody coming here.
The hotel people, the hotels here are empty.
You could chew the cannonball through them.
The sugar industry in the US is threatening to bring the World Health Organization to WHO.
It's a huge issue.
It's a huge issue.
It's a huge issue.
It's a huge issue.
It's a huge issue.
It's a huge issue.
It's a huge issue.
It's a huge issue.
It's a huge issue.
The WHO's report on diet and nutrition including challenging its $406 million funding from the US.
Aha.
The industry is furious at the guidelines, which says that sugar should account for no more than 10% of a healthy diet.
It claims that the review by international experts was which decided on the 10% limit of scientifically flawed,
insisting that other evidence indicates that a quarter of our food and drink can take in safely consistent of sugar.
They want 25% and the WHO, they're 10%.
And as a matter of fact, if you go to a restaurant and eat more than 10% sugar,
there's going to be some asshole from the WHO standing right next to you there.
And it may end up just being naughty and nice to measure it.
And you're sugar too.
And you're like that.
But your fascists is what they are.
They're the health fascists.
They don't know what God damn thing about health.
They wouldn't know a healthy person that he spit on them.
And I invite them all to do it.
How's the pool coming to meet it?
I mean, being boy.
567 votes.
We might make 700 this all you think so.
It'll be tough, but we can do it.
Which of these things do you care about the least is our pool today, our world famous pool?
Let's see, did the WHO overreact to, that's what the rescuer on the city policy here.
But I would like to see the results.
Did they overreact the Toronto SARS problem?
You bet they did.
Yeah, overreact.
They're putting a dagger through our hearts, baby.
It wasn't bad enough to leave stumped to do it out on Tuesday and got their asses kicked right there and filthed off you.
That wasn't bad enough.
But they're right on the heels of that.
I'm starting to wonder about this whole deal, you know what?
Candidate not participating in the Iraq attack.
Of course, almost nobody else did either.
But nonetheless.
And now all of a sudden, I mean, now we got to WH.
Oh, thinking all over our joint.
Harness racing 165.
They care about that the least.
Georgia's sex fantasies are strong second to 119.
They are so tired of his desperation.
In fact, I think they have to, you might as well get the operation.
All right.
A little late now.
Yeah.
Mohawar David at 78.
Scott and Lacey Peterson 56.
The Florida Marlins 55.
They're like a middle of the pack.
Come see, come saw.
Stand at the playoffs 45.
NFL draft is moving up 21.
They're moving on up to the east side.
Arbitron radio waiting 15 and politics 13.
So if you go from the bottom up, actually the NFL draft, but it got on
They're very late.
We can't judge now.
Because I know in the past we put that on the similar kind of a poll.
The NFL draft they were puking from it, right?
Yeah.
Of course, that was back in the days when we had people were just part of these sports
nerd audience.
They're probably all gone.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
WQIM.
I am Neil.
My name is Neil.
Yeah.
Is that going to be a nod?
No material.
I would you never know.
WQIM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I know this world is going to hell in a hand basket when minus six Uncle chicken wax
and a pit edges wrong.
What's all these?
What?
I don't know.
Something about chicken crap and a pit.
I don't know what he said.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
I have no idea what the L.E. said when he was talking about, but it sounded very
articulate.
That was probably what's his name?
John Juris.
Does it sound like him?
Sure.
What?
That was him.
Oh, line nine is ringing away for the second time that we never give that number out.
I don't even know what the number is.
Don't tell them.
Don't tell them.
Line nine.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
That bit that you just played the butterfly kiss.
This is a combination of funny and sad.
Especially with this call because you're chronic.
That's the guy to cause.
That's who I was expecting.
It's like he's got his own private line on the show.
Oh, right.
Get a life, brother.
Get a life or just get a brother.
Or better yet, maybe get a sister and a brother.
Have a three way.
W-Q-A-M.
You're straight.
W-Q-A-M.
Yeah, I wanted to talk to see either George or.
You wanted to talk to see either George.
I want to talk to you.
The George and Neil.
What do you want to talk about?
I'm going to see the next Matrix movie.
What are they going to make the next Matrix movie?
If they want you guys, they're going to see the next Matrix movie.
No.
Are George either?
No.
What happened to George?
He's not smoking a wine?
He's not into it.
He hates it.
Well, every one day he'll be back.
Sorry, man.
You crushed him.
You mean he manned.
He's going to be okay.
He's going to be okay.
He knows that you'll be the first one online.
Matrix won.
Matrix five.
Matrix a hundred.
He's driving to the bridge.
You don't make time George is going to watch.
That's right.
So just relax.
Don't go to the bridge.
Don't jump.
You're a young man.
Felly.
You have your whole life ready of Pally.
Up there.
Don't do it too late.
Like I said, get his whole life behind him.
1213 at 560 WQM.
I'll tell you a place where you can get a new attitude on life.
And that is the pizza law.
What a great combination.
Fresh, delicious, incredible food,
giant portions and teeny tiny prices.
And great friendly service too.
An ice informal atmosphere.
What's not to like?
And Jeff don't even have the ponytail anymore.
Let's hear it for our good, close personal friend.
I finally reformed her after all he has said,
you know, if you're going to run restaurants, it is so unappetizing.
First of all, what those painted fingernails looks like, hell,
it looked like a freak.
And that ponytail, you know, I mean, people know the food is great.
We've been talking about these guys forever.
But the ponytail just leaves a certain unappetizing feel.
You know what I'm saying?
What are you saying?
I just, it's a good move.
He cut it off.
In fact, if he was smart, he wouldn't stop there based on what we're hearing about him.
But anyway, the food is sensational.
You love it.
The portions like I tell you are fresh and delicious.
Everything is cooked already.
Won't get any rubbery spaghetti at the pizza loft or anything else.
They got four, they're not.
Are they still doing the massive pizza or not?
I guess not.
Like I said, they got three great pizzas.
They got your New York style, your fixer's chicken,
and your fogas of pizza extra spicy with onions and a special sauce.
They got all kinds of Italian dishes that you love.
Chicken and veal, seafood.
They have calzone, super subs.
Every kind of pasta out of the sun.
The most incredibly delicious, drippy garlic rolls you've ever popped in your purse.
Two pizza loft locations.
On university drive in Davy between Griffin and 595 for delivery and take out on catering there
called 9-5-4-916-8880.
It's right behind Perlund imports, kitty corn of the new Armadillo Cafe.
9-5-4-916-8880.
And the new pizza loft location with the same great food and unbeatable meals
is on a corner of Navihill and Sunrise right behind Walgreens.
It's a little hidden there, but it's worth finding it because the food is just as sensational.
9-5-4-3-8-2-1999 is the number and plantation for take out for delivery and whatever else you want to do in there.
9-5-4-3-8-2-1999 for the world famous pizza loft.
9-5-4-916-8880.
This is sports waiting for bicycle.
You weigh up.
It's day!
It's a Miami Town pierced at 5.6-0 WQA.
I think my turn is crying.
Hothor and Hothor is burning right through my rope.
HONOR Eemases
Please display me a little which way to go.
Be streamer you butter him toilorets.
The Brokenelectronic hosted militant lunch walked about 11 AM in winter.
Just the blood to put the
blood to put the
blood to put the
blood to put the
blood to put the
blood to put the
blood to put the
blood to put the
blood to put the
blood to put the
blood to put the
blood to put the
blood to put the
blood to put the
blood to put the
blood to put the
blood to put the
blood to put the
blood to put the
blood to put the
blood to put the
blood to put the
blood to put the
blood to put the
blood to put Baron
Expert
between houses
mit a
And you can put the turd in there too if you like.
They'll probably intercept the customs and sniff it.
Well, it's still steaming.
Is it really?
And old Israeli Iraq oil line reopening,
question mark, the Christian science monitor asks,
nothing could be better designed to undermine the coalition's promise
that Iraq's oil should benefit its own people,
than Israel's proclaimed wish to reopen
a long unused pipeline from Iraq's turkook oilfields
to Israel's Mediterranean port of Haifa.
This is an update on the story we had
the two other stories earlier last week or two.
Israel's national infrastructure minister Joseph Perrisky
was quoted in a March 31st to Arret's article saying
that Israeli and Jordanian officials would soon meet
to discuss reviving the line.
Built by the British in the 1940s,
the line crossed West from Iraq
through Jordan to British rule Palestine, today's Israel.
Upon the 1948 birth of Israel
and the immediate eruption of war with Iraq,
Jordan and other Arab neighbors forced its shutdown
and the version of Iraqi oil through a branch line to Syria.
Arabs reacted with predictable fury to Mr. Perrisky's suggestion
that the oil of a post Hussein Iraq had floated
the Jewish state to be consumed or marketed from there.
Jordan's information minister instantly declared the story
about Israel Jordan meetings,
devoid of truth because Jordan's relations with Israel
are now very cold.
Chile, despite the wishful thinking
among President Bush's neo-conservator
and pro-Israel advisers,
a post Hussein Iraq is unlikely voluntarily
to war Mr. Shiroin's government.
Since 1948, Israel and Iraq have been implacable foes
unlike Egypt, Jordan or Syria.
Iraq has never been willing even to discuss
an artist with Israel let alone a peace accord
like those Israel signed with Egypt and Jordan.
This despite some wishful mediation attempts
by the U.S. and other Western business interests
during Sodom's presidency,
when he was our puppet, when we liked him a lot.
Technically, Baghdad has been a continuous state of war
with Israel since 1948,
it kind of like us in the North Korea.
It sent armies to fight Israel in 1948 and 1967
in the backup series,
Defense of Damascus in the October 73 war.
It has supported several Palestinian guerrilla
and terrorist organizations
and during the current Palestinian-Tafada
who signed subsidized families of Palestinian suicide bombers
and other activists as we know,
Israeli officials have been rejoicing
over the West-led war coalescence elimination
of Iraq as a principal strategic foe of the Jewish state.
Oy!
Never less.
The authoritative Cyprus oil journal,
Middle East economic survey, MIS.
Remember Ed MIS?
Yep, as in MISKID.
Reports that the Washington Hawks may insist
that the next Iraqi government rebuild
the Kirkuk-Hifa oil line,
probably with major U.S. firms.
Uh oh, uh oh.
Uh oh.
Walid Kaduri, the MIS editor,
explains that the idea actually involves building
a whole new pipeline because the old one
has been cannibalized and dismantled over the years,
leaving no more than its old route traced on maps.
This would add at least a billion dollars more
to post-war financial burdens.
And of course, we know where that money would go, don't we?
Absolutely correct.
Right.
The idea is economically tempting for Israel
and some of its friends,
especially those whose firms might profit from such a project.
Oil poor Israel MIS reports wants high quality Kirkuk crew
with for its high-fair refinery.
Israeli refinery is currently used Russian, West African,
Egyptian, and other crude oils.
Politically, the scheme is a potential bomb.
Its implementation could ignite a new explosion
in the chain of reactions to the U.S.
invasion and occupation of Iraq,
now beginning to reverberate
throughout the troubled Middle East.
How do you like that?
The Christian science monitor, no less.
Huh?
Y'all.
Bush election drive the 10th, 911 memories.
This is so sickening and so transparent and so obvious.
And the morons out there, the ditto heads,
the masses are going to say,
oh, that's great.
You go, boy.
The Republican Party is scheduled its 2004.
This is from the UK Guardian.
I should point out, not from your weekly reader in South Florida.
The Republican Party is scheduled its 2004 convention
unusually late in the year,
so that the climactic moment
when President Bush's reelection campaign begins,
will nearly coincide with the third anniversary
of the 911 attack when he report yesterday.
The New York Convention in late August release of temper next year
will mark the formal launch of the reelection campaign,
but unofficially the campaign has already started
with the war in Iraq,
barely over the presence begun,
holding rallies in key swing states.
Its central aim has become clear to bridge the gap
between Mr. Bush's popularity as a wartime leader
and the National Ambulance started domestic policies,
a political chasm which the Democrats will seek to exploit.
How's the market doing, by the way, today?
George, I just mentioned that in passing,
since we're talking about the other aspect of what the
alignment of it all down.
Oh, no.
The Dow's down 102 and the Aztecs down 14.
Oh, it's for feeling mighty low.
I just again mentioned that only in passing.
The guiding philosophy underlying the campaign
is the avoidance of mistakes made by the President's papa,
who won the 91-Galph War,
but was voted out of office largely
because he was viewed as unconcerned
with the plight of the economy.
It's the economy stupid.
The strategy this time will be to focus on domestic economics
and to make sure the glow of victory
and awareness of continuing peril do not fade.
In New York, Mr. Bush will deliver his keynote address
accepting the Republican nomination on September the 2th,
just two months before the election
and the latest acceptance in the party's 148-year history
only nine days before the third anniversary of 9-11,
September 2.
The choices of venues for his post-war appearances
has also been loaded with symbolism.
He celebrated the liberation of Iraq
and defended his tax cuts at a Boeing jet fighter
platinum Missouri last week.
This week, he'll speak at a factory in Ohio
and other swing state that builds the Abrams tank,
which helped to win the Iraqi Warsaw rapidly,
explicitly making the link between the Warren Jobs.
The US economy has lost two million jobs
since he took office.
Let me read that last line again.
The US economy has lost two million jobs
since W took office.
I just mentioned that in passing.
26 past noon at 560 WQM,
if you ever thought about getting you a wireless phone
like everybody else,
while if you're waiting out there,
what are you waiting on?
Because you gotta know how valuable it is
to keep in touch with your business associates
during the day, as well as being connected
with your family at all times.
Don't postpone it another minute.
Get done today, just call wireless city,
your team mobile authorized dealer,
call them out, tool free at 1-882-280,
and wireless city will deliver two day
right to your home or business,
a great new wireless phone ready for you to use.
Wireless city at team mobile authorized dealer
can offer you service plans that are perfect for you
and whatever you be needing,
like their new 3999 plan with 600 whenever minutes
and unlimited weekends too.
So call wireless city now, tool free,
it's 1-882-280,
call to the end, get you the new small size Nokia 3390
with vibrating call alert and hands free.
Just call 1-882-280,
service agreement requires
you printed materials authorized representative
at wireless city for limited and complete details.
Wireless city, your team mobile authorized dealer,
call 1-888-221-8080.
Line in local,
your sports radio 560-QAM,
young is too young.
Why some great stuff on the thing this week, you know?
Yep.
1231 if I say so myself,
of course you're just gonna agree
because he already knows he's got Carlos
Beanabor hovering over his carcass there.
You know,
is here all the stories about your performance
two weeks ago, Beanabor, you're not fooling anybody.
617 votes on a poll,
which of these things do you care about the least?
I think we got a shot at 700.
We got a half an hour for 83 more.
Do you think that's possible?
I'm gonna go around to other computers in the studio.
Which of these things do you care about the least?
Harness racing 179,
I'll bet to the late Lou Williams is upset about that
and Georgie Williams do and clearance
A out in Jerry Vanfield and Wayne Temple.
Georgia's sex fantasy is 126 enough already with the ass.
Moe Howard David at 81,
Florida Marlon 65,
they're moving on up to the East side
and hopefully a do East far.
Scott Lacey Peterson 62 right in the middle,
they're middling.
Stanley Cup playoffs 47,
NFL draft is all the way up to 27.
It's zoom in up there.
Arbitron radio ratings only 16
and politics only 14.
How do you like them apples?
So you look from the bottom up
so they're obviously concerned
about those radio ratings
and naturally we've nurtured that concern 618.
Only one more vote while I was talking
and that's not going to do it, you know.
That's not going to cut it.
These people just, you know,
when you need them the most,
well, we'll find out tomorrow
if they're there when we need them the most.
The most important thing.
That's what really counts.
All the rest is just window dressing
like a game of roulette tomorrow.
That's right.
All depending on where they fell.
What's your take folks?
Who's going to take the pipe tomorrow
and who's going to come out with shining colors
when those ratings come out
from our Arbitron and Bellsville, Maryland
at 11.30 tomorrow.
Let's see if Arbitron comes out
with another bogus story, huh?
Like you did that crap that report
they had about the American public
that survey they took.
The American public is happy
with a radio selection
because they're sucking up
to the people of Clear Channel
because they got 240 stations
and they're their biggest subscriber.
Who are you people, kid at Arbitron?
You better have some real serious numbers tomorrow, okay?
And I'll be throwing it as a point minus tomorrow
because you didn't fool us in December.
You didn't fool us in January.
And then they try to make up for it in February.
You know how you're always talking
they try to compensate.
Right. They're always overacting.
After I ripped them and asked,
I think we're going to have the FBI
dig tracing all the other dicks on your ass
if we don't get a real serious book tomorrow
to you guys in Beltsville.
I think they've been talking to Tom Jicke too much.
Of course, you know anything about local radio
and more because you don't know radio.
Head upon his radio and sell one of his kids.
Well, times are tough at the hero.
Then should we read that article a few weeks ago?
Right.
That bleeding heart article about,
well, times are tough.
We don't have anybody here that works here.
Oh, that's right. He's a disgusting sentence.
Same difference.
What an embarrassing piece of crap that was.
Now, guy that writes at the hair was it Jim DeFeedy?
Jim DeFeedy, self-defeatist about, well,
you know, we can't pay anybody and we suck now.
We used to be great, but you know, that's where it is.
That was one of the most embarrassing,
even though it was very honest,
pieces of trash that have ever been put
in the major newspaper.
And I use the term major newspaper loosely
to speak into the hero.
Referring to the pending suppresses on TomPain.com,
referring to the pending Supreme Court case
on Texas is so-called homosexual conduct law.
Pennsylvania Senator Republican Rich Sandtormson
and AP interview.
If the Supreme Court says that you have the right
to consensual gay sex within your home,
then you have the right to beg me.
You have the right to pull me.
You have the right to insist.
You have the right to adultery.
All right.
You have the right to anything.
Later in the interview,
Senator Amsturham said it all comes from I would argue
that this right of privacy that doesn't exist
in my opinion in the United States Constitution,
whether it's polygamy, whether it's adultery,
where it's sold to me, all of those things
are antithetical to a healthy, stable, traditional family.
Senator Rich Sandtorms remarks comparing
the protection of Americans privacy in their own homes
to protecting bigamean incest,
came as a disappointment,
but sadly not as a surprise.
Sandtorms record demonstrates a history of hostility
toward equal rights for all Americans,
and that hostility is reflected in the attitudes
of the Republican Party leaders
and many of the judicial nominees of President Bush.
Sandtorm is an opportunity to apologize
for these insensitive comments.
Instead, he claimed that his comments were in keeping
with his belief that everyone is equal
under the Constitution.
It is evident from his record that this is not the case.
The White House and Sandtorms colleagues
in the GOP leadership also chose to maintain
their silence on Sandtorms attack on equal rights.
They should repudiate his comments
and affirm an inclusive vision of America
where privacy and equal rights are guaranteed for all.
Since 2001, Sandtorm with the President's blessing
has worked to include language specifically authorizing
discrimination into a piece of so-called
faith-based legislation.
Sandtorm previously admitted that he wanted
to allow religious organization to be able
to take public funds, but still discriminate
against gay people.
Fortunately, despite Sandtorm's position
as third highest-ranking Republican in the Senate leadership,
he was forced to remove his divisive provisions
from the final version passed in the Senate.
Sandtorm's record closely matches
that of other far-right ideologues,
Alabama Attorney General William Prior,
who's one of President Bush's troubling
federal appeal score nominees,
is his state's Amicus Curie-I brief.
In his state's Amicus Curie-I brief
to the Supreme Court in the Texas case,
equated the right of gay Americans
to engage in consensual sex within their own homes,
to activities like prostitution, adultery,
necrophilia, bistiality,
positionate child pornography,
even insistent pedophilia.
The comments of Sandtorm spokesperson
that he has no problem with gay lesbian,
bisexual or transgender individuals, rings hollow.
Sandtorm describes gay people as a threat
to healthy families.
His records of supporting discrimination
through charitable choice legislation
and his opposition to hate crimes legislation
demonstrate instead that Sandtorm believes
gay Americans don't deserve full equality
with other Americans.
The silence from the White House
and Republican Party leaders about Senator Sandtorm's comments
combined with Bush's troubling judicial nominees
and his executive order supporting discriminatory
hiring and religious institutions,
all point to the high states
in this summer's likely battle for the future
of the Supreme Court.
Will the next justice support
privacy and equal rights for all?
Or will these and other freedoms
be restricted for generations to come?
Ask Ralph Nees, president of People for the American Way
in a column in Tompaine.com.
Rick Sandtorm, man, how do you like that, huh?
He's the homophobic chief, the HIC.
Oh, I'd speak to the administrators
and their good close personal friends.
American troops arrested fighters of Ahmed Shulabi's US
back to Iraqi National Congress yesterday
after they were found looting abandoned homes
of former members of Saddamur regime,
regimes who say.
Fighters of the group have been covered
repeatedly while looting homes in an uncleven bag that
were members of Saddam's bath party
lived to US Army sergeant Rice Ivings,
a serosoda florida.
Yesterday soldiers from A company,
third battalion, seventh infantry regiment,
detained force-respected looters,
graced in the group's desert camouflage uniforms
and carrying rocket propelled grenades,
the Ivings said the men who didn't speak English
were taken away prisoner war detention center.
Coming to find out that these are from Ahmed Shulabi,
which should be no surprise since he was a criminal
in Jordan anyway.
He was an embezzler.
And that's one of the people we send there
to be the leader.
He's been in Iraq for 40 years,
but he never saw a freight train.
His people are trying to steal everything else
that ain't nailed down.
Good to see that we're really
no above board on all these things, you know what?
Yeah.
Got that Iraqi art that's showing up in the US,
the box engineer that smuggled a whole bunch
of crap back here.
I bet your clumber bush would be proud of him.
Just if you think he declared it,
that custom said.
Yeah, I wonder if he paid duty on it.
I mean, he just do it down after they got nailed them.
Probably do need a lot after that.
639 votes.
What do you think being a robot got 61 to go before 1 o'clock
to give to 700 to magic at 640?
60 to go in 21 or two minutes.
Gonna have to really huh?
Two per minute.
It's doable.
It's doable, baby.
I have no idea why.
We're nearly, I don't really care what the totals are
because we've been getting a spectacular response
on our websites since Carlos came in and salvaged
to die and grotesque and biricing website.
I really made it into something we can be proud of
as opposed to the grotesque and biricing thing we had before
that was ancient and outdated and just a lazy
as piece of garbage.
Hey, I'll tell you what, if you were lazy
as you're big and fat, here's a place
to enjoy tremendously the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
Is the phone ringing yet, Carlos?
I'm not gonna remember one Chinese buffet.
In the world with three great South Florida locations,
they're in sunrise, North by Maviche,
and they're in the West Pemberpines location for you.
When you've got a real healthy appetite,
when you want to go out for an inexpensive
but a very big delicious feast,
the Emerald Coast is the place.
Six different kinds of great soups.
Zillions of suckling on trays have never actually counted
to myself, but I guarantee you.
Futsard, man.
Probably lots more than that.
Oriental surf and turf on the weekends,
New York strip made a order in their gourmet center.
That's a sizzling Asian grill
of featuring teriyaki steak, shrimp chicken,
seafood, hand carb, parmium.
Let me say it again, cook the order the way you like it
on her dog.
And the Emerald Coast will never give you a headache
because they don't use any crap when they cook all
that great stuff.
No MSG, no cornstarch, and they cook only
with cholesterol free oils.
They feature a full salad bar,
new sushi bar and fresh room cocktail,
and speaking of lobsters,
Emerald Coast famous lobster fest is back,
featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisque.
And if you have any room, I always warn you,
bring a crowbar and then stuff it in your pants
and open up a little extra room
for some of the goodies from the dessert bar.
Because what a dessert bar it is,
featuring pies and cakes, pastries,
ice cream and all your favorite toppings,
fresh fruit, they even be having watermelon all the time too.
Emerald Coast in sunrise, Pine Island of 44th.
I'm Collins Avenue just north of 163rd
in North Miami Beach.
And at the intersection of Flambengo and Pembroke Roads
in Pembroke Pines, except for reservations,
takeout and delivery available as well,
call 954-572-3822.
Tell Richard at the Emerald Coast in sunrise,
better luck for the least next year,
okay Richard, don't feel too bad, but it was gross.
954-572-3822, for the world famous,
the outstanding unbeatable Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
My name is Michael.
My name is Michael.
This is Fort Real Fist City.
You ain't too am.
Good morning, chauffeur, thin skin.
I wouldn't believe a word, Neil,
said if his tongue was not right.
Now, a statement from my raki tiktok titters, Adam Hussein.
Kefasra, Kefasra, Mi Ambre.
Boro, Boro, Boro, Boro, Boro.
I want to let you know, I am still alive.
Boro, Boro, Boro.
No, I do have a bad sunburn on my shoulders
on my poupou liro and my pavish region.
I was laying out on my scubi dupelanket
on the banks of the Euphrates
and forgot my sunblock.
Oh well, this is a personal message to America.
Knock it off, huh?
Enough already.
I had to appear amongst my people
and let them touch me.
I hate when they touch me.
Most of these people only cheer me
because they know if they don't
I'll go medieval underass.
Just may seem like a strange request.
Now that you've taken on my palace and bagged that,
do you think you could let me get in there
for like 90 minutes so I can get some of my stuff?
I have an extensive music collection
that dates back to Sam the Shaman of Pharaohs.
Flood, plush.
I really want to get my hands on my original copy
of Heard of the Moment.
My Asia and my cast evens, greatest hits, a track tape.
If it's not too much trouble,
could you run into my bedroom for me?
In my top dresser drawer, left side,
under a giant old man under pants,
I got a little thing with an extension cord
that looks like a leaf of spinach.
Don't get read it out.
If you could, leave it out back in a small cardboard box.
I'd appreciate it.
All by the way.
I like the new bachelor.
He seems like a sensitive caring young man.
Okay, bye.
Bye.
1246 and 560.
I don't think we're gonna make it, be it a boy.
Have faith.
655 votes and we got 14 minutes to go, huh?
Half faith.
No, we're gonna take a humongue.
Well, like I said, 43 more to go in 14 minutes.
That's what, like three, a little over three a minute.
I don't think we're gonna make it to 700.
Which of these things do you care about the least
on your Rogers.com?
You can be among the greats
and put us over 700 votes during the show,
which we've done better than that before,
but nevertheless, peanut boys ego depends on it.
In fact, death might just turn them down tonight
if you don't get with it.
Harness racing 194, I say turn them down or turn them around.
194.
They don't wanna hear about that stuff.
Sorry, Bruce Ranger.
Sorry, Wally.
Georgia's Sex Fantasy is 131.
Moe Howard David in 83, Florida, Marlon 72,
Scott Lacey Peterson 64,
Stanley Cup Playoffs 51, NFL Draft 30, about 30.
Arbiteron Radio Waiting 17, politics 15.
Let me just refresh it one more time, real quick.
It's refreshing.
660.
So we got 13 minutes and 40.
It's like just a hair, just a little twisted curly hair
over three votes a minute.
We can do that, huh?
Sure.
Here's a fact from Chris who says I could definitely do
without hearing Paul and young Ron's lame ass posing
for their lame ass effing show.
Since Paul steals everything else from your show,
can you do the same with his exit from the airways?
Paul should be ashamed of himself
for playing Hogan's Heroes Drop-ins.
My message for fat Paul is to exit from the effing year forever.
Have a nice day, says Chris.
Well, Chris, you are.
Absolutely correct.
Pretty lame, man.
Of course, George likes that show.
Yeah.
What?
Hogan's here?
He's like hearing your material back over again.
Now, he rotates that show.
I like Hogan's Heroes.
That's what I thought you were talking about.
I was talking about the Paul and young Ron.
And let me ask you this.
560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lime.
We have just about successfully butchered out.
I mean, kill off four hours here today.
There's no big problem here in Toronto.
Come ahead and have no fear whatsoever.
This is all this below me.
The W8 station only rotten hell of wicked.
I think I've got 20 countries now.
Not sending their people here.
There's nobody croaking in the streets.
Nobody walking around with the surgical mask.
The only one we've seen with surgical masks is Greg Reed.
And everything is fine.
It's just fine.
Oh, we're fine.
Right.
But the, like I said, we killed off the four
because we were just building up to it tomorrow at 11.30.
And these people, obviously, only 17 people said the least thing
is the second last time.
Listen, next to politics.
So they're just dying to find out how we came out.
And tomorrow morning 11.30 you'll find out.
And of course with us whether they're good or bad or in between
whatever it is we lay them right out there for you.
We don't lie.
We don't make them up.
We don't try to like pretend.
And well, if the moon would have been in Uranus,
you know, whatever it is it is.
Although I will say this.
WDQIM.
Oh, yeah.
Dean and Sunrise.
Yes, sir.
Let's go to Sunrise.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
I just moved down here and kind of want to tell me about this thing
with Mickey Mouse.
What's that Mickey Mouse thing?
I just moved down here from Tennessee.
You're not from Tennessee.
I swear to God.
I moved here for five years.
I moved up there.
I came back and I started with the thing with the Mickey Mouse.
I'm here.
Well, what do you mean?
What's the thing with Mickey Mouse?
I said it.
That's it.
Everybody in work keeps walking around the office going.
I said, I said, what the hell is that?
I have one thing for you to respond to them.
Every time they say, I said, I come to get a life.
All right.
Good luck, you probably.
OK, don't unpack.
Why would anybody come back to South
or what he was in Tennessee?
I guess that's the place.
And the people that work are obsessed with it.
I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said, I said,
of course with him, it doesn't take much.
Let's see, we got a shot, 678.
We refreshed that baby one more time.
We got 11 minutes and counting 11.
Oh, yeah, I think we're picking up some steam,
a beater boy.
Told you have faith.
684.
Oh, we're going to make it.
We only got 16 votes to go to seven.
We got 10 minutes for that.
Oh, my God.
I told you, no sweat.
Did not tell you that.
You have little faith.
Of course.
I said on this highly rated, very popular show
that used to be pretty good once upon a time
many years ago when it was on a real radio station.
And we still only had one guy to call about the IOD tape.
We played before.
Is that incredible or what?
That's incredible.
I thought that was pretty interesting stuff.
But, look at how the wine is.
Like I said before, don't question these people.
They got their own agenda.
They're on their own time table of life.
Nothing we can do or say is going to bring them back to it.
Unless maybe it's got to do with that might do it.
That might turn them around.
A lot of people turn a lot of other people around.
Don't do it again, Carlos.
Don't let the music up against the wall again.
In addition to which, he's just a paper tiger now anyway.
Tony, the paper tiger.
He's just a paper tiger.
Now we got a real program director, Clarence Darrow.
Anybody seen him lately?
It's on this morning.
Oh, and guess what?
What?
Tomorrow is not only the day for the ratings,
but tomorrow is the 25th.
Hey, day for you.
So I sure hope my check has been nailed already
before they see the numbers if you catch my drift.
It's always a good idea to get your paycheck first.
Before the book comes out, they might kind of reevaluate things.
You know what I'm saying, Moll?
You get it?
Good.
Well, you talk about it.
You got that steal on the check.
1252 at 560 WQAM.
Hey, listen, if you're at a dead end job,
what a great segue.
Thank you.
And if you're working for peanuts like poor little
peanut boy and they're in George, here's the answer for it.
Get you a new high-paying computer job
from the people who can do it in just four short months.
Fast train.
That's right.
There's no excuse anymore because fast train
has locations for it all over town.
They're in Miami.
They're in Kendall, Pember Pines for Lauderdale.
And so there's about to be one nearby you.
They've also got convenient day evening.
And we can classes too.
You can check them out on the web at fast train.com.
But whatever you do, get out of your dead end job.
There's no sense of working for peanuts
when you can get some training.
And just four short months, like I said,
and be on a road to a high-paying computer job
and get a big fat paycheck once or twice
or whatever it had you get paid.
Register at fast train.com
and receive your free American flag bumper sticker as well.
When you call these folks, be sure and mention Todd Dreck.
And with an interest of matter moments,
you'll hear hysterical laughter on the other end
and the dial tone follow very soon.
Call fast train today, toll free, one, 866 fast train.
866 fast train.
My and local, this is 43560.
Way and way and way.
On your screener, I got 699.
The next vote, the next vote will put us at 700 votes
during the show today, which could be a record.
Oh, I don't think it is.
But nevertheless, Carlos is pretty impressed.
Is yours refreshed yet?
I'm refreshing it manually.
Oh my god, he's handling it manually.
We got it.
There it is.
All right.
Oh god, no.
MTV presents 9-inch nails unplugged.
I want a f**k you like an animal!
Damn it, this thing's not on.
I'll come this isn't working.
You trekked you knocked over my bonge.
9-inch nails unplugged.
Only on MTV.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Salutth-p ganze- contenienz.
To the peak of the
earth of
an miners'
seeds i
down
Carp and
You understand the distraught of everyone.
differentiation
David, David, David, David, David, David, David, David, David, David, David, David and David!
Dude!
You might mention my name to Rick Deering!
Bye. Bye. Bye.
A new weather show, on Christ's cow nature trail,
fighting for qualcosa.
Did you six men go in here?
