I'm still trying to figure out what that meant.
Yeah, what that mean?
I don't know, but I just laid it on the line with him. I gave him a little...
Ah!
Well, that's here. We got one guy on the station, one of our sports.
There is that I'm talking to right now. It's got the balls to say, hey, they stuck. They sucked.
Back with the dolphins. Back with the vagina.
They were just a gaping vagina. That was the most pathetic mismanage.
The hands of a vagina, it's official. Scott Ferell just announced to sound for the J. Feeler, officially hands of a vagina.
Nice, Turkey, through to the sideline, huh?
See, my team, the Patriots, we got our ass wipe, but I'd rather get beat 31-0 and not show up at all by a fairly real team
than lose by one point to a girl's team. That would be bad.
You know what my dad used to call me.
Don't think the back still looks good, yeah?
My dad used to see you, right? He used to treat TV's, but I've ducked to the sideline and reminded me of Nilo Donnell and the Super Bowl with Larry Brown.
All I have to say is, you know, this guy throws ducks. He's average at best.
The same coach that coached the Bears like two wins every every year.
They look like they were standing around on their heels.
Page out of the alley, Sherman, a songbook and that is that Jews aren't supposed to handle pigskin.
Oh my god, you know, maybe, and not even foreskin, it definitely not pigskin.
How about the clock? They use their timeouts two minutes into the half, it was over.
Do you really think I watched that crap?
No. You must be dreaming.
You were probably watching a Marlins.
It was almost Turkey season, baby.
I know. Yeah, they're starting training camp, which is worse than the NFL preseason.
There's if there's one thing the world needs less of its NHL preseason games and the Leafs are going to sign Terry's
Satchok going to come back and play goal. He's coming back from the right.
Who is their goalie? Who's the Leafs goalie? Any the big old man?
Oh god. I know Eddie, Eddie Belvore. You know, he raised his cars when he's not playing hockey.
He should start doing that more often because he can't.
He's going to be great. He's too old.
He can't win. There's no way he can win.
The kid down here in Florida is 10 times better than he is.
How about the Indiana erotic in Mandy Moore, huh?
I thought Andy Roddick played great. He finally will move out of my condo today because he hasn't had any money.
But now that he got a million dollars, he's moving up.
Yeah, he's okay in my book.
How about that? That's boring. No, watch him.
Him just serve 140 miles an hour.
I think I'd rather watch him bone Mandy Moore, wouldn't you?
I'd rather watch Jennifer Capriotti bone a horse.
Or would you rather watch Jerroito bone Britney Spears?
That's a that'd be a good pull question.
Throw in Madonna into the mix and you got a big action dream.
Get that tongue out of there, bitch.
I don't think anything that didn't face me at all when I saw that happen.
I just was like, you know, whatever.
No, but I mean, when you put the Dennis Rodman factor in it or known that she was even in the same room with that scumbag.
He got busted again last week.
You know, it's the whole thing. I know.
Yeah, we were talking about that.
That's a new scumbag. We had that on Friday.
I know. I had it right before you.
Right top of it.
Did you?
Yeah, I'd talk about it because I used to be ice and do Rodman show.
Probably because you're on before me.
I know I did. I used to the ice the host is stupid world tour show and MTV.
And I don't know why this happened.
I got this jinx now, don't you?
Why?
His name is absolutely moe.
It's the mo jinx.
Yeah, moe was in here today looking at ways to reflect back on the tough loss.
Listen, there was nothing tough about it.
They were going to lose that game anytime you give up five field goals in an NFL game.
You're going to lose.
And that's it. That's it.
Tough loss. And he said it's tough love.
His relationship with J. Feeler.
By the way, I'm looking at the schedule.
I didn't realize this.
This is a regular thing.
Now this Thursday morning seven.
What is it?
645 to 7 AM.
He's got J. Feeler on.
So obviously we're paying him.
So it's a regular segment.
I don't know to be.
Yeah, I'm trying to be a damn late attorney showed and I would ricky Williams of the Cleveland.
Or people are going to throw eggs.
Can you imagine how deep that moe's tongue is going to be up to a fielders and several inches?
I'm third man.
Yeah.
You know what?
I'd ask him, hey, how big was the ass that you licked with that pass to the sideline with three?
Four minutes left.
You dilded out.
Yeah.
That's what real NFL fans say when they're leaving, you get here to cussing still in a parking lot.
They like that.
Which hand pennington?
How long is he going to be out at least eight weeks?
Oh, for some other words, they got Vinnie again on Sunday.
Yeah, they don't have a shot.
The Dolphins should be able to get to Vinnie, but they couldn't get the David Carr against the worst offensive line in the history of the NFL.
Yeah, but the car looks a lot better than Vinnie.
But David Carr is a lot better than Vinnie and he's got a great on the paper.
He looks a lot better than that.
That's what he's going to be.
Jason Taylor couldn't get to him.
Yeah.
And neither could anyone else.
Junior say, I'll blitz five times.
You never got close.
Did you talk about that shooting in Zo's Barbershop?
Oh, but I hope somebody got shot.
They did.
You didn't see the story?
No, I didn't.
Hip hop executive.
I identified a shooting victim at Morning's Miami Barbershop.
Two guys got fatally shot.
It was like, you know, a Joey Zaza thing.
Well, I was reading this story.
Two teams accused of searching for marijuana and a dealer dialed the wrong number.
They called the cops office instead.
They got arrested.
Oh, my God.
And I'll leave you on this exciting note because I know just the word organ gets you all whipped up into a frenzy.
Yeah.
I'm sitting here squeezing my organ.
And you know why?
Why?
Because on the front page of the National Post of Drug Antic article, the research shows that fat is an organ.
So I'm squeezing my organ here and it's legal.
That is.
And boy, there's sure a lot of it.
But you've been losing weight.
You've stopped eating clon dix, right?
What?
187.
That's my lower ass than I am.
When I come back, I'm going to be so slim.
You're going to think I'm a bread pit.
You know what?
That would be something else.
Yeah.
I'm curious when you're going to be like slim and ugly.
So you're going to look like bread pit driving your car back in ugly.
Yeah, that's great.
You listen.
Can I just run the car when you drive so that I can convince these people here that I need a car?
No problem.
I don't drive anything.
I got nothing.
They still don't have you a car?
They don't have anything for me except headaches.
I'm going to Vegas this week too, with Zach on a 15-hour flight tag wreck set me up with.
Are you really?
Yeah, he flew me back.
That's Sunday night at 1 in the morning.
One in the morning.
Yeah, I'm coming back Sunday night at 1 in the morning.
Got to be here to do the show at 7.
Thanks Todd.
Yeah, have a nice day now.
You too, Scott.
See ya.
And your organ.
Okay.
Go.
Oh.
Huh?
Oh.
My amy has the dolphins there the worst football team.
They flog the ball from goal to goal like no one's ever seen.
There on the ground that's where they'll stay.
They're never in control.
And when you say my amy, you're talking toilet holders there the Miami dolphins.
Oh.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teens in the week?
I'm a gentleman.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Don't bet on them.
You'll always lose.
Yeah.
They don't know how to tackle.
They don't know how to block.
No.
Their coaches ought to tell them to put their day in their jocks.
Then they would run much faster and even in defeat.
When we go to the stadium we'll see Miami.
And they're the Miami dolphins.
Oh.
My amy dolphins.
My amy dolphins number.
How many teens in the week?
I'm a gentleman.
My amy dolphins.
My amy dolphins.
They seem that hasn't got a clue.
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans.
Just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stands.
Second.
They watch the game and all they do is mown and gripe and bitch.
I wonder how Jo Rabi got to be so goddamn rich.
And they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teens in the week?
I'm a gentleman.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
I hear the crowd begin to boo.
The dolphins have faith feedler.
That quarter backs at you.
Run down the field and he will throw a pass over you.
I'll never win a super bowl.
You shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut.
That doesn't mean that he was circumcised in there.
The Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teens in the week?
32.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Jake calls his signals in Hebrew.
The dolphins have no defense and their offense is a joke.
Like George Bush eating pretzels.
You know they're gonna choke.
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race.
With fewer points and parkmarks on high zingas ugly face in there.
The Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
Oh, what the hell?
32.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Now they're through.
1010 at 560 WQM.
1010 wins New York.
1010 CFRB Toronto.
Remember those days, no, you know?
That's when AM radio was like really worthless and two is supposed to just...
A bunch of noise and no speaking English people.
And those are yet by the way, boys and girls, words to live by.
The toes you step on today might be attached to the ass you have to kiss someday.
I love that.
The problem is Scott already knew that.
Yeah, he did.
Scott who's not getting paid yet, by the way, did Clarence ever made the appearances morning, right?
Not in here.
I think that maybe Clarence and the Beast were doing that mother and child reunion thing again.
Who's the mother of all evil?
But the mother of all evil doers.
But Clarence, you better get whether it gets Scott on a payroll.
Because this is the way the beastlies operate.
Somebody knew comes along and...
Well, we'll let you intern for a little while.
And then we're gonna pay you one of these days.
And they just...
They just like week after week after week slip by.
And then hoping you'll forget about it.
Like maybe forever.
Because they really don't want to pay anybody.
You do understand that.
Yes, I do.
I like that saying though, the toes you step on today might be attached to the ass you have to kiss someday.
So don't step on too many toes, you know what I'm saying?
Unless it's a feedlers.
Boy, do they need Brian Greasy bad or what?
How long is he gonna be out with that...
Didn't he get like a little fallen down problem?
Oh no!
I know the Patriot Scott swam by Buffalo yesterday.
And Tom Brady and the whole team stuck to join up.
But he still looks better.
If you can't play good, at least look good.
Oh, here's the thing from Miguel.
What we're like creeping along with our best of a Neal routine.
We got $20,140 through yesterday.
That's where you were getting there.
And we haven't really...
This is still a time of year when nobody's in town.
Don't forget go to NealRodgers.com.
You can order your best Neal 2002, 2003 CD.
And the Mohawar David and Keachane.
And we got all kinds of other crap too.
We got T-shirts and mugs and Drek.
We ought to have like a mouse pad too, you know what I think they do.
Do we have a mouse pad?
Like I said, they don't.
But they ought to.
Well, we ought to have like a little bald headed mouse pad.
We're be good.
Anyway, 12 minutes after 10, I love that crossover with Scott.
Because even though like today we didn't say much of anything.
It killed some damn good time.
I like that, especially on a Monday.
We'll give you the poll result from Friday, which was staggering.
And the thing that was really interesting was the way J. Feeler acted again to the game yesterday.
They moved up from obscurity in our poll.
So let's see.
He finishes number five right on Maryam Olofant's ass.
But 122 votes.
If you could boot one person out of South Florida who would it be.
And J. Feeler went zooming up the list after watching that disgraceful performance.
That dying quail as Bob Prince would say that he heaved earthy into the game.
Nice going, J.
You idiot.
1013 at 560 WQM how low can those interest rates go?
You're probably wondering.
I wonder if this is the right copy because Todd records a no show.
Who now the financial group is doing the limbo rock under the lowest B finance rate you ever heard of.
How low?
1.95%.
That's right.
Now you can refinance your home by a new home and get super low 1.95% financing with our friends at financial group.
And we pray this is the right copy.
Like I said Todd here.
He's not interested.
Call 1-800-940-Lind.
1-800-940-Lind if you even think about refinancing or by real estate.
Call financial group and check this out.
If you have a hundred thousand that alone your payments are only three sixty eight a month.
If you have you a two hundred thousand that alone you pay only seven hundred thirty six a month.
So call financial group and one eight hundred nine four o'lenn to get the low low rate.
You've been searching and screaming for one point ninety five percent.
Call now and get that low rate from financial group and one eight hundred nine four o'lenn.
That's one eight hundred nine four o'l-e-n-d.
When you call be sure to mention Todd Rex name the sound you hear will be the person falling to the floor on the other end of the phone.
The Renegal Housing Letter Credit Restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR.
Fly in local.
We're sports radio five sixty zero eight.
You A M.
For David's a bitch.
Tonight on E.
Entertainment Television.
George, how you been and what you've been doing on vacation the last few weeks.
Get it all over so we ask four or five questions as hard for me to remember every question.
What have you been doing drinking all the time drug sex.
Damn the consequences.
Give me the jack Daniel tonight on E.
Let me get the bottle out of your hands George.
Let me finish the men John please.
Ten eighteen five sixty WQM happy Monday to you.
I have made a premature evaluation last week.
Remember I said last week was because it was last Tuesday was like right after Labor Day right.
But that didn't work out because people still go away today is the week.
They'd even hear a Q.A.M.
We're like getting our act back together again everybody's like back to normal schedule.
We got the mad dog today.
We got Hank back in town.
It's about time for Mishulas and then we got to the Marlon game Marlon's only a game behind a Phillies with 19 to go.
Marlon's at the Mets tonight and I wait a minute.
What's that?
See as soon as I said that and I'm looking at the schedule.
See that ESPN radio tended to and then to Mark overnight.
Where's Eddie Kay?
Good question.
K.Passo Eddie Kay.
Anyways we're almost almost back to the regular schedule.
I see Eddie's back tomorrow.
So he's probably on a busman's holiday or maybe he's collecting a big bet from yesterday.
Whatever hell he's doing.
Oh did you see that they who's that right wing then must Republican Senator?
Oh that one.
Which one of those 50s some on?
No the one that wants to ban offshore gambling he wants to make it illegal for another game.
Oh I forgot to do that.
Did you see that on 60 minutes last night I think?
What an asshole you know.
This is your Republican party man.
Oh well it's going to spawn a whole generation of compulsive gamblers.
Yeah and like they put it out in the story the attorney defending.
He says yeah and I mean while all the states he got the lottery which is the biggest rip off in history you know.
Not that they're hypocrites you do understand that don't you?
Yeah.
Paul result from Friday 1728 votes a staggering response aided by the fact that there were outpouring of emotion for Jay Fiedler after the game.
If you could boot one person out of South Florida who would it be?
O.J. Simpson 472.
There's nobody close to O.J.
He's running like a son of a bitch.
472 votes.
Mohawar David had 233 a respectable second just edging out that psychotic bitch that slut and culture read 232.
I do like that Mojistuk and Ozen front.
Miriam Elephan had 130 but in fifth place nice going Jay.
Coming from obscurity near the bottom of the pack and zooming up the ladder.
124 votes coming in fifth.
Alex Penga Pakenia was tied with the Reverend James Kennedy a couple of real assholes 106 apiece.
H. Wayne Heisenga 68 see a few years ago he did not much better.
But now small potatoes you know Wayne had only 68 rich Sanchez that there's the one we thought were really zoomed up there didn't do it out of sight out of mind.
Your small potatoes to only 64 for Ricky Tiki Sanchez when he goes back on here his unpopularity will zoom back up.
Gloria Stefan 46 Jose Cansoco 41.
How you doing Jose?
Maris Grisias had 30.
Do you think they remember who that is?
A couple people.
A couple people remember Maris Grisias.
And by the way now that he won the US Open you think that Andy Roddicks do it Mandy Moore?
Less.
Less?
Still he's in a right head 25.
Miss Matt Rudge had only 16.
You're a real tiny potatoes.
What are the name of those little red Irish potatoes?
Don't start that again.
Matt Rudge 16.
I mean Jeff Rimmer 13.
Oh by the way my phone rang 70 morning earlier I didn't answer it.
Go away Rimmer. Don't go away.
Just go away.
Oh and the best part of the deal is, man did we have a great meal at Ruth Kristekhouse Saturday night?
Who's way?
Friend of mine and I?
Oh not the Rimmers.
It was sensational man that rib eye.
Oh God.
And those barbecued shrimp.
Have you ever had that?
Yeah.
The barbecued shrimp just swimming bathing in that butter and herb sauce.
And you just want to pick up that little bowl and just suck down at juice.
Suck down the juice.
But in anywhere it was great.
Too bad the Rimmers couldn't have been there.
Jeff Rimmer 13.
White Lauderdale 8.
Mick Yarison 6.
And Ike Siemens.
Fuddy Daddy O'Leigh from NBC 6 who's been going to be shipped off to the glue factory this year.
He had only five.
I don't think anybody even knows who the hell that is.
You know what?
Who?
Ike Siemens.
So here's one of the most important stories of all time before we get to the days pool.
I'm wondering if we should do this or if it's just a waste of time.
Do our own preliminary poll which would piss Eric off big time.
We don't want to do that.
Oh, let's take the Miami call because it's online 6.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Any other sour cream for Jacob?
What is it?
I saw that.
No, I saw that.
I was eating it today.
And all of you did not think that you enjoyed it.
I can't get out of here.
It's that asshole again.
The only reason I enjoyed is because you're an ass.
Jesus.
The Mumbler.
Go away Mumbler.
That's the Mumbler that we discovered is like four or five different chronics.
We can just eliminate him.
You know what I mean?
When it doubt rub him out.
Okay.
It's my great.
Yeah.
But I'm wondering if we ought to do like preliminary poll.
I don't I think it's a waste of time because we know audience hate sale president like poison and rightfully so.
It's a waste of time.
The good news.
Bush numbers hit new low.
All right.
Dean Topps list Democratic presidential contenders.
News on the American poll reveals.
President George W. Bush is I got a lot of stuff here today because it is Monday.
This is the official starting bank of life for week.
We might not get a lot of calls today.
I mean, there'll probably be that Jack asked again.
Don't put him on again, Scott.
Sorry.
He want to get paid if he wants to go to back for it with a clearance.
Don't put that asshole on again.
Now what does that mean Jackson Memorial Hospital?
Hello?
Scott.
Scott's going to have to have a screener in there.
You know, I just don't get to know them.
No, he won't.
No time flies.
He's a little bit slow.
President George W. Bush's job performance ratings have reached the lowest point since his pre-enageration days,
continuing a steady decline since they post.
That must have been Jay Feetler doing a voice, you think?
Hey, Jay, don't take it personal.
Don't be a sour pus.
Oh!
Although, Scott did say this morning he's got a vagina.
Do you believe it?
But at least he said it was a lovely vagina.
I like that.
I was in, huh?
Well, if the guy's going to have a vagina, at least they'd better be beautiful in the fashionably, you know?
Oh.
What's wrong with that?
I hope that I hope Moe asked him about that on Thursday morning.
6, 6.45 a.m.
It's Moe Howard, David with Jay Feetler, and who's got their tongue deep into the other's...
Bracket.
...as.
New couldn't high school that had a man, a vagina.
He did?
Yeah.
He was fat, you know how that goes.
No, I don't know how that goes.
Well, you know how that grows.
Sometimes the fat.
So in other words, it was like a navel, or was it any...
It was, he had a cleft.
Yeah.
I slit, if you will.
He had a camel toe.
He had a cloak and hoof.
Oh, and...
Maybe he had hoof and mouth disease.
Research shows fat is an organ.
I want to dwell on that, because it's just amazing.
A lot of us fat people never realize we had such a humongous organ.
The only problem being when you squeeze it, it hurts.
Like Pavel said, President George, see I'll take these one at a time, because I think it's great to start off...
It's not really like a new year except in the Arabic calendar or something.
It must be some calendar.
You know, everybody's got a different calendar, just like a different Bible.
All the Bologna, all the Hocus Pocus.
Here's Miami.
Where does this?
Picket suck.
Uh-huh.
What did he say to picket suck?
That's him again.
Why do you keep putting the same asshole on your Scott?
He called on a different line.
Oh yeah.
He called on a different line.
Like these people pick and choose what line they call on.
It must be magic.
You better show a Scott...
You better draw him a diaphragm, okay?
And show him where to stick it.
Here's Miami on the floor.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yes sir.
Yeah, New England Patriots suck man.
What about the dolphins man?
Yeah, I just...
Yeah.
You're supposed to be dolphin fans, okay?
Don't worry about my Patriots.
They stuck to join out.
Like I just said moments ago, all you assholes out there.
It's a hell of a lot better to lose lopsided if you're going to play a stinko game to what's...
Like a real team, you know?
A team that's been around for a hell of a long time.
As opposed to a girls expansion team that you were favored to beat by about 80 by how many points?
You called...
About 30 man.
What was you going to say?
You called that a penis.
Yeah, Jay.
You called that a penis.
But on a Patriot sucks.
See that?
Try to deflect the attention from the fact that your team got embarrassed and humiliated and degraded by a little girls team.
And if the hurricanes would have made that gigantic comeback Saturday night, you know as well as I do.
There'd be somebody calling mad dog that they said, aren't we cursed out here Jim?
Aren't we cursed?
As long as I live, that call...
That was... I would say if I had to choose...
Forget about the bridge tender.
The most memorable call in the history of QAM.
It wasn't on this show.
But it was driving home one day.
And I'm listening to the mad dog and it was after the...
After that big euphoric weekend when a hurricane's beat F as you I think it was.
And then the dolphins beat whoever.
The next day.
In one of the big games of the year.
And the guy calls up on Monday.
Jim, aren't we blessed down here?
Aren't we blessed?
Should be framed.
You should be framed because that was the definitive sports hall of all time.
In other words, your area where you live, your community, your city, your metropolitan, whatever.
It's all graded based on whether your sports teams win or lose.
That's the problem with QAM and with the world in general right there.
That guy.
Aren't we blessed down here?
1027 at 560 WDQM VIP Sportsbook.com is South Florida's best sportsbook.
It's the best in the universe.
And of course now that football seasons underway, everybody in their brother here on the station.
You got 7,000 sportsbooks all claiming to be the best.
But 99% of these bookies are located in the jungles of Costa Rica or in some 10th world country.
Good luck finding them and getting your cash.
This year do the smart thing and move up and class to VIPs Sportsbook.com.
They're the oldest and biggest sportsbook in the prestigious Netherlands where everybody's stolen out of their ass.
100% legal in license too.
Listen to me call VIPs Sportsbook.com right now at 1-866 VIP bets.
Because they're South Florida's best sportsbook.
Sign up now and you can bet all the South Florida football and basketball teams juice free all year long.
You want to bet the dolphins? It's 100-100. Good luck to you.
You want to bet the hurricanes? It's 100-100.
So forget about the vigorous. All South-Obs get a 20% cash bonus.
Not some silly funny money match play bonus or any other BS.
VIPs Sportsbook.com. That's where you'll find them online or call them tool free at 1-866 VIP bets.
That's 1-866 VIP bets. Be sure you're matching. You heard about it here on crusty sports nerdy Q-A-M.
VIPs Sportsbook.com where you be the VIP.
My life and local. This is 4356.
You ain't too way.
Buffet Max.
I guess good friend. Good guy. Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Let's take a call. Winnipeg Manitoba. Hello.
Hi Arnold. How are you?
Terrific. Thank you.
Do you still believe kids and adults should exercise regularly?
No research was done and you've found out that it is actually bad for your health.
And now of course I'm traveling around the country telling all the high school kids don't take fitness program.
Columbus, Ohio with Arnold Schwarzenegger. Hello.
Hi Arnold. I was just wondering how far you went to school.
Well a seven-year-old kid in school, the elementary school.
Oh. How high can you count?
50-20.
Lancaster, Pennsylvania with Arnold Schwarzenegger. Hello.
Arnold, both my parents work so I'm home alone a lot.
What should I do when I get bored?
Take drugs. Seriously? Oh yes.
What kind?
The pot.
Okay.
Well if the work towards is a permanent high, when you do it in the morning, I think the secret release is really good.
As soon as you roll out of bed, do it pot and you will feel great to rest of your day.
And it's never a moment where you don't feel better after them before.
That's right. You're the best, Donald.
Thank you very much, Larry.
1031 at 560 WDQAM.
So anyway, here's the... Oh, I got another one for our poll today, which I haven't even told him the question yet.
Never the last to talk.
The prisoner.
Oh, very good.
Is that a good one? Sure.
Patrick McGuin.
That's what I felt like the last several days since the rumors showed up in Toronto.
I don't want to answer my phone. The prisoner.
Anyway, getting back to the story that I never finished, which is really good.
President George W. Bush's job performance ratings have reached the lowest points since his pre-evaluation days,
continuing a steady decline since his post-911 peak according to the new Saudi-American poll.
Less than half.
45% of the respondents said they rated his job performance good or excellent, while a majority 54% said it was fair or poor.
Let me say it again, poor or fair.
In August, it was 52% positive, 48%.
In other words, those numbers are draping like a rock.
Today's results mark the first time a majority of likely voters are given the president an unpaid rolled-out performance since he took orifice.
How do you like that?
A majority 52% said it's time for someone new in the White House, while just 2 and 5, 40% said the president deserves to be re-elected.
A likely number, a like number, 52% said the country is heading in the wrong direction, while 40% said it's in the right direction.
I wonder if they meant the far right direction.
The right.
Overall opinion of President, the Bush's looked at 54% favorable, 40% to 45% unfavorable, down 4% from August.
Dropping like I said, like a rock.
And here's one of the most important parts.
Just 2 and 5, 40% said they would choose Bush if the election were held today, while 47% said they would elect the Democratic candidate.
How do you like that?
In August, it was 43, 43 against any generic Democrat.
In the same pool, Democratic primary voters gave a plural, this is likely Democratic primary voters, gave a plural and their support to former governor of Vermont, Howard Dean, 16%.
He's followed by Massachusetts Senator John Kerry, 13%, Connecticut Senator, the anxious right-wing, silly person, Julie Burman, 12%, and Missouri Congressman Dick Gebhardt, 8%, nobody else had more than 3%.
I think it's time for Bobby Graham to drop out, don't you? I say that, you know, sadly.
Sorry, Bobby, but nobody who knows who the hell you are, okay, they're very nervous about your shifty BDIs, even though you've done good.
You've been good, but nobody likes you, okay?
So I think it's time for some of the losers to drop out.
Oh, there he is.
We'll take time and require some.
Oh, I want to hear what he was saying. He was like, mouthing, you know, he's just mouthing with a big, um, those dumble ears flopping in the breeze.
He just wants 87 million more if Afghanistan and Iraq.
No problem. I got a way to check.
Here's a call from Weston. Hello.
Hello? Yes, sir.
Neil, this could be our first real call of the day. That's a momentous occasion. Yes.
How you doing? Okay.
Great. I just extremely jealous to where you are sitting right now, the area where you're at, because I'm in this God-dorn, crummy, police state.
Let me tell you something. Yes. Tell me something.
Living in South Florida is literally taking your life in your own hands, and I'm not talking about the criminals, Neil.
There's an organization called the BSO.
Yeah.
They must hire from the cesspools of the world, and I hope they're listening right now.
You know, the ones that treat people with disrespect.
They're supposed to serve the people, but you know what they do?
They're out there just looking to have a little bit of power, because they never had it their whole lives.
Do you mean in the BS? Yeah.
Yeah. They're not talking about that story about the report that showed the words, faggot, isn't it, that we got on our website, are you?
Neil, I've had an interaction with these people throughout my life, you know, NAMATO was career criminal or anything like that.
Yeah, I'm just talking about the whole...
Amateur criminal.
Small, potato guy.
Probably this, you know, pigs pockets and...
Right. Right, the few...
No, no, but the only thing is listed.
Shoppers.
They find a half a joint, a quarter joint.
Well, what inspired this...
They're supposed to be top out of you.
They're supposed to be top out of you.
Yeah.
Well, what inspired this outburst though?
Did you have some recent episode or something, or is this going to happen right now?
No, it's not going to happen.
Right, they would like to be treated.
Not going to happen, pal.
Listen, good luck to you and move to some place you like better. That's my suggestion.
What was he talking about? He don't like to be in there.
But it's a good lead-in to this story, which he didn't want to work knowledge.
The Braward shoppers, a shoppers, a...
Huh?
I don't know, I don't know.
I'm just... Listen, it's Monday. What do you want from me?
The Braward Sheriff's Office launched an internal investigation this week after officials learned that a gay slur appeared on a police report written by a community service aid march.
This was in Saturday's Sun Sentinel, so it might be true.
Community service aid Susan Jones prepared a DUI alcohol influence report in which the word Faggot appeared next to a question asking whether defendant Rudy Rodriguez showed signs or complaint of illness or injury.
Sheriff's Office spokeswoman Sheryl Stopnik said her department learned about the slur...
When the South Florida Sun Sentinel inquired about it, investigators from the professional complancivision began looking into the case Thursday morning to find out why this epithet was included in a written report, she said.
Stopnik said the sheriff's office is trying to figure out where the Jones wrote the slur.
She said Rodriguez and his attorney should have filed a complaint with the sheriff's office when Jones prepared and decided to report Deputy Geary Martin who conducted the field sobriety test on Rodriguez, probably one of Georgia's relatives, who interested him also signed the document.
How many thousand Rodriguez's are there just in the Braward County?
About 30 minutes.
Joel Beckberg, as attorney, said he obtained the police reports in June from the state attorney's office while preparing an offense for his clienty.
He didn't notice the slur till July 25th when he was about to conduct a sworn deposition with Martin, it defamed and slided my client back set Thursday.
It has no purpose in this document.
How do you like that?
I like it.
He writes Faggot in the police report.
That goes on and on. It's on our website.
That's the BS for you.
Mostly a bunch of rednecks.
Of course, it's not only the BS, it's most of the police forces in the US.
It's a, you know, Deputy Rufus. It's that same old crap.
Hip hop executive identified a shooting victim in morning's Miami Barbershop.
How come Farrell wasn't even aware of this story? He better get with it.
But that's right, forgot it's South Florida. There's people dying every day.
Getting shot. All these things.
By the way, Warren Zeeva and Todd, we'll get to all the dead people in a second.
Here's our poll question for today before we get to the end of the Southern stuff.
I like this poll question. I like my poll.
Me too.
Who is the greatest fictional character in movies or TV?
And now see, when you say greatest, I'm not talking about who's your favorite.
But who is the greatest meaning like most lasting, you know what I'm talking about?
Mm-hmm.
Most powerful, most dynamic, most exciting, most erotic, most whatever.
You know, biggest and the best.
Here's the list so far.
James Bond.
Superman. Sherlock Holmes.
See, Sherlock Holmes won't get a lot of votes, but he really ought to definitely be in the running.
Because it's a, you know, it's a time thing.
It's an era thing. It's an age thing.
Batman. Indiana Jones.
Darth Vader.
Mad Max.
And then I added the prisoner on it.
That's what we got so far.
Is it on there? Are we, uh, I don't know.
It's cooking.
It is. It's cooking.
I don't know who I'm going to vote for.
It was tough.
I'm voting for Sherlock Holmes just because nobody else will because there are a bunch of punks.
Most of them, they have no idea who the hell that even is.
Well, look at that. James Bond is leading Ken O'Vill over the first 29 votes.
So there it is. Well, adds a whole bunch more names on that.
But first, a soft photo record label executive and another man fatally shot by a group of hooded gunmen at a barber shop that's called my former Miami Heat star, Alonzo Morning Police said.
The victims had just finished getting their haircuts.
Saturday when three or four gunmen entered the shop and opened fire, the hero reported that the victims were Alexander Bernard Harris, 33 of Pembert Pines, C-E-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-
The victims were shot inside the barber shop. The other was just shot just outside the establishment. Mimey Police spokeswoman Amy Salas Jacobson Schwartz said.
Mimey Police Chief John Timone, to climb the comment on a possible motive in the case, he said the assailants did not take any valuables from the victim or money from the cash register. It wasn't a robbery, I can tell you that.
It seemed like, what was the word they used again? It seemed like a message.
Every day he's going to send Joey Zazza to send him a message. So maybe Joey Zazza had something to do with it. He's still running at Pompeyna Park by the way. And while he had his eyes beaten him, the hell out of money outside.
Do you have any idea what I'm talking about? No. That's good.
Twenty before 11, how come Jackie Moe got hot again all of a sudden? Right up here at the Woodbine & Moe Hawk. Jackie Moe, it's all you got to know. Is that what they say? That's what was as they said.
Two things for all you had to what Jackie Lee used to say. Of course every driver in a race was Jackie Moe when he got old in the scene. It's all he did know was Jackie Moe.
So all your kids out there, they're skipping school and playing hockey and hockey today. Keep in mind, two things. All you got to know is Jackie Moe and the...
And the tozius step on today might be attached to the ass you have to kiss.
Break down someday. I love that. It's told to me by a wise philosopher. 19 to 11 at 560 WQM and this copyboy speaking of why it did Troy Stratford show his ball dogly head there today.
He walked through. Now probably got out of there real quick though, you know, because of his association with the dolphins. I'd be embarrassed too after losing to a girls team yesterday.
After losing to like a little girls team. Oh my god. How embarrassing. Anyway speaking of tour, let's talk about balance for life. How's the beast doing? Is he going to wait in this week?
Oh, that's a good question. I haven't seen him here. Because we know that he's working out a lot because parents told me when and out they both work out. They work it out together.
But he's lost a ton of weight on balance for life and you can do the same thing. See one of the reasons it's so difficult, even if you're on a lot of the so-called expert diets. I don't want mentioning names.
But a lot of them require you to count calories or current carbohydrates or look at the ingredients on the labels of the stuff you buy in the store.
And most people just don't have the time and inclination to do that. But with balance for life, there is no cooking, no shopping, no clean and no counting, no worries.
You don't have to worry about calories or carbs. I do all day with figuring and the worrying for you. It's all based on very serious zone diet.
And they deliver right here dough. Three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks. Right at your doorstep by 6 a.m. every day in a little black sack.
And that's the key to the whole deal. Plenty of food. It's fresh. It's delicious. They make gourmet meals for you. You get to choose between two alternatives for each meal and snack every day that you're on a program.
That's the only thing you have to worry about. On the rest of you do just unzip it and the sack too and pop that good stuff in your purse.
And believe me, these meals are tremendous. Everything is fresh. Nothing frozen. Nothing prefabricated. No chemicals. Just the best ingredients and delicious meals every day.
So if you're tired of being fat, if you're tired of having the biggest organ around your middle, if you're out of shape lethargic, diabetic run a verge of it, let balance for life.
Thank you. The answer is the solution you've been searching desperately for for a long time. Call them today and you'll start seeing results on that scale within just a matter of days. Call 954-568-3229. 954-568-3229 or check them on that wicked worldwide web at balanceforlife.com.
Right, you move ahead by space and you other guys go to hell. Go to hell. The exciting game where you win by forming a deep personal relationship with God before the timer runs out.
Okay, on the seventh day God did what? A golf. You went to one of those on you can eat French places.
Let me just put it around. Wrong. All of you go to hell. It was a good book but now it's a great game. Go to hell. The biblical board game from Milton Bradley.
Okay, I was inspired. Don't let me forget. I want to tell you about a great poll idea. I just hand. Okay, inspired by the guy who was screaming about the BS. But anyway, I don't want to read this facts because it's great.
Says I have the hands down winner for your poll. I'm not putting these on there, but it's a great fact. But can't decide between the two. God or Jesus Christ.
They've been in plenty of movies in the subject. Lot of TV show is purely fictional characters who have the attention of billions of morons. That's maybe the best fact you've had so far today.
For a year, Jesus Christ. Right. And of course, too good. Now we get to this back. Oh boy, what a bunch of silly people. You know, I didn't even see it. I didn't watch any of that game yesterday. Did you? Yeah, that was at a bar.
This is one of the most incredible days in the history of the human race. George Rodriguez actually watched some of the dolphins game yesterday. You must have put the heads on him. That's why they lost. Let me tell you what.
If there had been an angle that I could have sat at and you're seeing any of the game, I would have sat face with the direction, but there was a TV and a TV in front of every post. Yeah, right.
So then you got a good chance to close up. You were watching Jay threw that quailer near the end of the game. I didn't see that.
Throw that dying quail. Anyway, here's the facts. It says not that I love Jay Fiedler. So I know this fact isn't from old because he just loves Jay Fiedler and his lovely smooth ass.
But you sound like the rate Lucas fans year ago. Well, see, first of all, keep this in mind. I'm not an orphan fan at all. Okay. I hate him like poison.
It says Jay didn't lose that game alone. At least he put up some points. But the terrific mommy defense laid down.
There were so many mistakes in our great corners. Couldn't even cover rookie playing his first NFL ever. So our offense was pulled back from the 15 year old penalties. The whole team stunk.
Okay. But let's say you got to pick on one guy either. It's got to be the day one. Steader Jay Fiedler and the whole defense and everybody else.
Hey, stunk is basically what it boils down to. When you say I made some part of it in the words of a great philosopher. Yeah. Oh, by the way, that mentioned I had a great meal at the Ruth Chris without the Rimmer Saturday night.
What a pleasure to go to dinner with a good friend and not have to worry about him taking along a whole family or like half a dozen people or a bunch of strangers off the street and expecting me to whip out my platinum card and pay thousands of dollars when I'm sitting there eating one goddamn steak.
I mean, you know, it's a little old Rimmer. Okay. A little old and still see they are listening on the internet right now. Remember when I phone rang on Friday morning, right after I was writing and raving about don't call me. I'll call you all that other stuff.
And the phone rang. It was him. That goes to show you what lifeless people were talking about. They listened. They're obsessed with this radio station. They hate you, but they can tell me everything you say on the year when you're on.
They hate Mo, but they can tell me, oh, well, I just had my Sony Walkman on this morning. Mo was ripping you and asked, you know, see how do I want to hear about that? No, Mo.
When I'm done with a show, I know it comes as a great shock to you, but other than getting my bedtime, there was an email in the Eric, which by the way, nice job, Eric. Eric's great.
We never realized it till this moment, but Eric's great, but I don't want to hear about QAM. No, no, no, absolutely. What if you're staying?
Absolutely. So just leave me alone. I don't think about it. You know, and it will give me through life a hell of a lot better. Now my idea for the poll, maybe we'll do it tomorrow.
Which soft Florida police force is the most fascist or I don't know how you want to word it. You know what I'm saying? That's a great idea.
I want you to think it. Thank you very much, sir, for your rant about the BS. That was good. I'm not saying that all cops are bad. We got a lot of really good cops.
The good ones listen to this show and they like it. The bad ones listen to the show and they hate it. They all listen to it. Yeah.
Every cop in town listen to this show. Thank goodness. Most of the ones who listen to the good ones are the ones that stop me for a speeding or whatever on high.
So far seriously, I'm trying to take a by ever had a ticket on high. It is in a speed tramp between Brown and sunrise. I don't think so.
No, no, no. Pretty sure not. I haven't gotten a ticket since my radar detector since I started using that.
But you know where I'm talking about. I pay this where they hide behind the bush using. There's like that little shed there. You know, they're full of shed.
And they like come whipping out. I don't know where the speed limit got to be raised on that street. If there's one project we got to complete before I lay my microphone down.
Get the speed limit raised to 45 on high. You got to crawl along there. I'm coming to work in the morning when I'm down there.
And I'm headed toward 595 and just creep it along because you know that it's a speed trip. And some asshole behind you is like bear a lashing right up on your ass because he can't figure out where you're going.
So they're slow, especially in your expensive goddamn Corvette. Yeah. Hey, I'm sorry, man. I don't want to have no more tickets.
I want to be able to get my when I turn 90. I want to be able to get my six year renewal in the mail. You must have given away that great architect right, gave you.
You give me a radar detector. Yeah, a few years ago. Get out of here. I did most of the stuff you give me. I have given away. I know. In fact, I feel this moment. I was never going to let on you. I know what what you have everything.
Anyways, I know you give most of you give me that nifty little night. I actually didn't give away that little portable TV. Remember you're giving me that right.
It's just sitting somewhere there. I mean, where am I going to use that? George gives really neat, really sensational presence. But I don't know.
Like you give me a nice DVD player. Yeah, a couple of years ago. Two and one. You use that one. No. No. Well, I hooked it up. But then the problem was it wouldn't.
I couldn't get. See, this is the first time George is here in this. I couldn't get it working with my team because I got all the satellite dishes and all that stuff in there. Just. Yeah.
I just didn't have enough inputs and outputs and up your nose. And so I gave it away. Okay. But I recently bought another one. No, you'll be pleased to know that.
I had a little switch. I had a little switcher box. Right. In addition, which that was before I was really into DVDs. I don't know. I'm a little slow on that. Like most things. I'm not worried about it.
Some things I'm very fast on. You'd be amazed. But on that, I'm pretty slow. It's the thought that counts. Right. No, seriously. I appreciate it. Don't take it wrong. I give it to my friend Dave. Who's a good friend? He's a good guy. You know Dave. And he, you know, he freeloads whatever stuff that I don't want. He just. He just requisitions it. You know, like what I got going here at the station.
Exactly. Whatever isn't tied down. It winds up in your house. That's a hell of a good idea. Yeah. Let's do it that way. Like the TV. That time at IOD. Remember that? No. Don't you remember that? Oh, that TV. I was. I didn't take the TV from IOD. But I remember somebody.
Yeah. We had a little bit of a nose problem. I don't want to mention no names. A little bit of a. And he would come in here on a weekend and stuff. We just kind of like disappear briefly. You know, kind of like Harry and Requiem for dreams.
Yeah. That mumbler man. That mouth-reeding asshole. If Scott puts him on one more time, I'm going to personally tell clearance. Make sure he doesn't get paid. That guy's just, I mean, talk about out of control. That's whatever he is. I don't know what he is. I don't know.
Anyway, we've got a bunch of dead people. Don't let me forget that poll. I know how you're word it to. Oh, there's Andy Roddick. Yeah. Andy Roddick is. He's got some of the most bizarre fate. He's like Jim Kiri. You know what I mean?
Like kind of like that plastic man face. He makes the most bizarre like there. He just got the winning point to win the US Open. And he's like, you know, but he's really pretty damn good. He's great. He just a few days over 21. He won the US Open. He lives in Boka. He's doing Mandy Moore's his girlfriend. And everybody loves Andy Roddick. Right? What's not to like? Right? Who? Come on. You know who Andy Roddick is at least. Right? No. Okay. He plays a poker. Okay. He pokes her a lot. Who was the greatest fictional character in movies or TV?
That's our poll question. We got 77 votes. And of course there's going to be a lot more choices on here. So a lot of people are like holding back. They're laying out. James Bond 32 Superman 11 Sherlock Holmes has got 10. Can you believe that? There you go. Nothing much. This be sucking my ass to do that. You think we get a lot of old codgers. Maybe Darth Vader. You don't have to be old to like Sherlock Holmes. You don't like Sherlock Holmes. I like him. Fine. But I'm. Can you seem like the original? The great movies with Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce? Like I was telling you this morning. Channel six. He used to run all those old movies. Plus he was a drug addict.
So you ought to like him. Sure. Hope you don't have your eight him and Bella Legosi. Help me Sherlock. Help me. You couldn't get a hold of any soos calling Sherlock. It's a mad die. What a shame. It would have such great promise. You know.
Darth Vader has come on. This thing has changed on me again. And it's very slow. Like I said, I'll give you a results momentarily. Okay. Here it is. Darth Vader 8. That's what I. What about Robin? Can we put right now?
Steve, but that'll get a bunch of perverts. And they don't like Robin because he had those green tights with the kill boss and stuff in him.
Why would Robin a lot mad Max six Indiana Jones three and only for the prisoner Patrick McGuin see the prisoners a little bit to cultish. You know what I mean?
Esoteric little to esoteric for this for any crowd. Yeah. Plus it was it wasn't really a British series. Yes, it was.
Boy Gary gave me the entire series on tape. That boy Gary. He was the best asshole.
Remember that he gave me the whole prisoner series on video tape. No, I don't remember that. Well, that was something nice.
You did I can't think of anything else besides leave and then he tried to sue the he tried to sue the company because they fired his ass because he really thought he had a job for for life.
And he really believed it. Oh my God. Was he dumb or what? He sued because you said that things about it. Yeah. And that dude right.
They always throw me in there too. Just isn't after thought. Well, it's to his ass just because he's a prick. You know, singer songwriter Warren Zeva and dies.
Oh, we didn't we didn't you right. Didn't talk too much about Charles Bronson last week. Right. Now, uh, Tantal Midnight. Wasn't that one of the really good movies he was in?
You know what that you forgot all about that movie. That was a good movie. That was a great movie. I loved it.
They had that like show down there in the street. Very tense. But at any rate, uh, Charles Bronson was just a rugged.
You know, who I always confuse him with and I know this will seem really bizarre. Check palettes. No, no, no. Oh, he looked a little bit like him.
Uh, Robert Blake. Same kind of, I don't know. Boy, yeah, the same kind of deal. You know, I don't know what it is. Maybe it was they were just contemporaries.
And they seemed to look a little bit like, I don't know. Of course Charles Bronson never shot his wife or had anybody do it.
And maybe Robert Blake didn't either all the way George Hope so George is pulling that he's guilty. Just uh, I know it will. No, he's guilty.
Because the bitch had a comment she did have a comment. Warren Ziva who wrote and sang the rocket world. Oh, it's a Mackenzie died too.
Oh, they woke up right and I know who that was from your hit parade. Maybe your hit parade. Dorothy Collins, Russell, arm, snookie, Lansing and
Crick, uh, what the hell's her name?
Just a Mackenzie.
For a rock to you by Lucky Strike. Yeah, those were the great days, man. We went. We don't want America to start to turn into crap.
When they start when they banned cigarette advertising on TV.
I mean, I'm not suggesting you should be smoking cigarettes because those packets will kill you. Which guess what? That's why she died, I think.
Where's the story? Oh no, she died of colon cancer. Who the hell was the one that just died of? Oh, it was a Warren Ziva.
A lifelong smoker until quitting several years ago. He was diagnosed with terminal lung cancer was given only a few months to live in September, 2002 when he was on with Letterman.
He spent much of that time visiting with his two grown children working on a final album. He was 56 only 56 Warren Ziva on his dead.
The cell Mackenzie Charles Broughtson Warren Ziva and wow. It's getting nasty, you know what?
Getting pretty guy named dangerous.
Well, I got a great story about the city of Santa Cruz, California.
Tomorrow is a momentous day as they look into impeaching L president.
You in.
When I'm banging the butt, honey. Okay.
I went summer rolls around. There's nothing I like more than sitting on the front porch with a nice cold glass of country and moment lemonade.
The only thing they could make it better would be a pretty little girl sitting next to me. Now wait a second. A pretty little naked girl. Yeah, that's what I mean.
No, no, wait a pretty little naked girl who puts her hand on my thigh and starts rubbing real gentle like it. No, no, no, I got it. A pretty little naked girl rubbing my thigh, talking dirty in my air.
There was me on the porch and has her way with me. Yeah, yeah, that's it. She just starts pounding me man riding the hog screaming do me, baby.
Do me. Give it to mama. Yeah.
Oh, forget the damn lemonade man. Just give me a naked girl. Come on. I need.
Newtrophos, staple question mark. You're saying on CNN. They say they got an informative said he didn't kill that moxley bitch. Yeah, sure.
Do you like that? I say, leave me. They're okay just to piss off the committees. Okay.
C. Jane, who's one of our chronic fractures in a real sweetheart. She doesn't get it. Um, all by the way, she points out tomorrow at 5 p.m.
President Bush will be visiting for Lauderdale at Pier 66. Protests are planned and you were telling me to were protesting Hollywood over the weekend.
Some kind of a rally. No, no press. No coverage. Nobody knows about it. Not before the fact.
Now, after it's done, then they say, oh, whatever, only 40 people there is because nobody knew about it.
Anyway, it says I don't know if you already have him, but Rick and Kessablanca see Jane, you don't understand the greatest fictional character is somebody.
I mean, was there a follow up? Was there a sequel? Was there like Rick and any other movie with Humphrey Bogart? No, right? Right.
So that does that qualify? No, no, Jane. You were right. There are people who don't get it.
We're not asking what was the best role in the history of movies. Just like a one-time role.
We're asking who's the greatest fictional character in movies or TV.
And so the next fact you sent me, Archie Bunker is sensational. Right. That's great. Nobody don't like no Archie Bunker.
So that's how they're all ready. See now they get it. Poor Jane. Jane's great, but you know, he can't be perfect.
Jane, thanks to the info about the protest at Pier 66. You ever eat at Pier 66?
Nope. I think I did with Bob Neal.
Really? From Cox Broadcasting. Yes, I had lunch there one day and he was asking me my thoughts.
And of course, whatever I told him, they did the opposite. That was back when we were getting ready to
can, Mike Reneary, rest in peace. And I said, don't mess with success. Don't be putting a bunch of
news crap on her and they fired poor Mikey and they stuck Chuck Meyer on there with that awful,
awful, terminal boring show. I would have been a success if I would have supported it better.
Hey, a lot of work went into that show. Don't forget if you're in radio and you ever happen to come
along and work on this station that I'm on and you failed it. I'm always there for you to blame.
I'll be the scapegoat. It's always Neal's fault. So most of that Chuck Meyer failed because of
a Moe failed because of me. Absolutely. I just be more supportive of the Moe Meister.
Here's a call from Kendall. Hello. Neal. Yes, sir. This team is off of some kind of
adventure. Julia, blow it out your ass.
Why, they're serious or what? I love it. I can't begin to describe to you the emotionally
sexual excitement I get. The tingling in my sphincter, just knowing how sci-cut I mean,
it's one thing to lose the opener, which they usually don't do. They usually get off to that fast
bogus start and they suck everybody and oh, this is the year and then of course they collapse
like a house like like a deck of cards. But to lose to a little girl, Steve, in fact,
muff told me before the game that he didn't even bother going around before the show.
They didn't bother going because he thought it was a it was a slam dunk to quote him, a slam
dink, which is what he does a lot from what I'm hearing. But you ready for that? He didn't go
because he thought it was a foregone conclusion. Even George was shocked and amazed. Yep.
And probably pleased because he's so oh, wonder woman's good.
Wonder Woman. I'm gonna have to play Virgin Mary just so we I don't want to play the whole thing.
Okay. But I do love that.
That's enough. So Wonder Woman we had on there. This will be a lengthy list. There's a lot of good
choices. Just just just keep reading a question again and think of these significance.
Somebody that really like means something. Somebody who's had a lasting power, right?
Right. Famous like famous and the character really neat and interesting and whatever. All of these
things. Who is the greatest? Are you interrupting again? No. Who is the greatest yes you are?
Who is the grand? You know, Scott has said squat yet so far because he's told me that until he
gets paid, he's not speaking. The Clarence come in here yet to take care of this. God damn Clarence.
If he would spend at least 15 minutes out of the obese orifice one just one day a week,
we get some crap done. And don't forget by the way, this Wednesday is payday for some of us.
The 10th of September. I just mentioned that in passing Clarence. He probably ain't listening,
but mufflers. And his mom muff gets paid to send his office and listen and go pat people on
ahead. Check in. You're everything okay? Now Fort Myers on nine. Is it possible that could be really
important? It's possible. Highly unlikely. Here's Fort Myers. Hello. Fort Myers.
Yeah, probably was really from Fort Myers because they're stupid enough. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Here's a call
from Halea. Hello. Here's your truck. No, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, here's Miami. Hello.
Yeah, I got the one. We need to be on the list. So count Dracula. Dracula is good.
Of course, Dracula was just a one time movie, but the character we could like 80s and
in the bride of Dracula and the bride of ghost of Frankenstein and your mama. Well, the new one,
the Francis Ford Coppola. That's the one to watch. Franklin Gella? No, no, no, no, um, Gary Oldham.
Gary's old him. Gary's old him. That's that's very, uh, that's the one to watch. Yeah.
As opposed to Bella LaGosia, we're going to have this idiotic argument again. It's getting pretty
ponderous, man. All right, then let's argue Korea versus Hasha who's going to win the cup.
Get out of here. Doll Hockey Talk. Okay. If you want hockey talk, we'll give you a
Rimmer's phone number. Okay. He's standing at a very, very expensive hotel. The most expensive
one in downtown Toronto. Got it once a bunch of free meals, you know? Got to help me lose all of
that money with his good, close personal golfing buddy, Mitch Hirsch. Go away, Rimmer. Like I said,
don't go away, man. Just go away. Please. Fast. Soon. Here's Pompano. Hello. Yeah, hi, Neil. Yes, sir.
Okay. Somebody just beat me to Dracula, but I have another one in my
corner by the way, Dracula. We don't we're not seeing which one. We're not narrowing it down to
who played it because we could do that with that. I know it's just too ponderous, but also Michael
Kauai, you could put on there three movies, you know, I guess he was around for a while. Yeah,
he was an all three of them. Yeah, you know, it's a funny thing. I just changed his subject. I
didn't watch the presidential address last night, but I did read some articles about it and
yeah, the only question to him is, you know, where's all this money going to come from?
Your pocket and mine. You know, I mean, what programs are they going to take it away from?
I mean, where are they going to make the call? I think what we're going to do is probably close
down all the public schools. Yeah, I mean, because you know, these the tax breaks are going out,
they're going to be made perms for the big dinners, right? And apparently the money they want to
amlock for Iraq is greater than what they want to donate to public education. I mean, where are we
heading? This is down on a hand basket. But you see the good part of it is though, his approval
number, this is just like Papa like son. The numbers are dropping like a rock. He's right now,
if the election were today, he would have no chance to get him reelected. You know, it's the same
thing. I mean, they're truly, you know, you know, they do the same things over and over again,
expect to get different results. And it's just not going to happen. You notice how Rumsfeld is losing it?
Oh, he doesn't want to go out there. So by the way, don't come and speak to us because we just
want to go home and you lie to us and so we cancel the speech over there. You know, I mean, you know,
they don't even want to appear in front of the camera anymore. I need a people that work from it.
Bottomers is dropping out. I mean, you know, Eric Lysha left Christine Todd Whitman is left to me.
Who's next? And maybe next will be Khan DeLisa. Yeah, oh, you know, she was being interviewed
yesterday. I forget by who, but she just was freezing up. She couldn't answer me.
I'm telling you, Neil, it was great. I kept hearing that song that he used to have for her.
Yeah. She was talking. I was laughing so much.
There you go. Have a great day, pal.
Things are looking up. Okay.
Keep your chin up.
You guys are wiki likes to say keep your chin up. I think I should play the original one.
All right. Here's a fact that said at least once. Here's a fact that says put shaft on your
list since Tina from North Bank Community College. No.
There's no chance. The shaft qualifying. No. I'm not even sure that Indiana Jones qualifies. How
many of those movies were there? 3 or 4. Yeah, I don't know whether he belongs on or not.
Oh, I do like that song by our Dean Taylor Indiana wants me every time I take the name of that movie,
which I never saw any of those because it's basically a movie for kids, right? Indiana Jones.
That's pretty much and you're doomed in temple.
Is that what J. Feetler said? He was doomed in temple.
The rabbi put a curse a hex on him. That's why he threw that quailer at the end of the game.
I don't want you people to feel bad. I'll use silly dolphin teeth.
You should be concentrating on a Marlins now. Okay. Marlins.
Game behind a Phillies for the wild card to have a one hell of a season. They're like 10 or 11 games
over 500. The freaking Marlins. And what are they worried about? Oh, the fish. The fish. Well,
Marlins are a fish. Never had no appetite for a fish myself. This smell. I just can't get near it.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Four-letter day. Hello.
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. You mentioned the prisoner and I agree with that 100%. But what if you're going to
put the prisoner on the list, you have to put John Drake on the list who was the secret agent in the
series that was the precursor for the prisoner? Well, he came out in England as danger man.
Right. It's just like that. When you know something, the prisoner doesn't really belong on there.
Well, but the thing is, but, well, you know what I mean?
You're sure, but secret agent was a half hour series that ran a lot longer than the prisoner.
If we did a poll, we said who was your favorite? Well, fictional character, which I think we've
done that. And we can do that again. Then these people belong on there. But to say who is the
greatest fictional character ever in movies or TV, even to put the prisoner on there is like just
being gratuitous for groupies of that. Which I love the series. I think we should take that off.
Don't you, George? Yeah, you're right. I was not even calling up to suggest that he be on the list.
I was just saying that there was a series called secret agent that was actually
and there was a song by Johnny River Secret Agent Man. Exactly. That was the scene to the song as it
was as a series. It was played in the United States. Absolutely. Correct. And now as far as the vote
and I don't know whether this would qualify, but I put Thomas Anderson on the list who is Neo from
the Matrix. And as of November, there will be a third movie. So I would think that would qualify.
Although you did put a limitation with Indiana Jones, which yeah, I mean, I'll leave Indiana Jones
on her. But I don't want to put too many on where they've been like two or three movies. That's not,
I mean, how do you compare that with Batman and with your Sherlock Holmes Superman? How many different
Superman's that they've been over the years? But I'm putting a lovely time welling. I don't think
you mentioned this one. How about Tarzan? Tarzan's good. Tarzan's good. He's a real swinger.
Yeah, there you go. Thanks a lot, pal. I have a great day. You too. Yeah, what's wrong with Tarzan?
Okay. Nothing. Not the Johnny Wisemother one anyway. I don't know. I'm trying to think there was
there was a Jewish guy that played Tarzan once. Ron Eli. Very good. Oh my god. I can't believe it.
Didn't he go to Eli? Hi, down there with Eli Wallik 12 minutes. Oh, I sure hope not. Hey,
I eat another canola. Come on, Eli. Eat another canola just to be sure. Boy, no, you eat it. You're
so skinny. And then she I love seriously. That was a very erotic thing that Connie didn't have
movie. It's like tongue. She tongue the edges of the canola and just lick the cream off the edge.
Oh my god. You can't say that on the air. Can you? Okay. We won't say it again. She just like suck the
love and 13 at 560 W. Q. A. M. If you're underpaid overworked under appreciate another words if you're
in a really crappy job and you're sick and tired living like some kind of a schmuck. Like how would
you love to have a new high paying career before the years end? Just call our good friends at fast
train 1 866 fast train mentioned Todd direct or probably hang up on you immediately fast train can
have you trained and certified before years end the demand for computer professionals is still
growing like topsy. There's no end in sight. So there's no better time right then right now to
get you a new high paying career in the computer field. Start making a big fat paycheck and then
you can start smoking a big fat one too. Fast train offers job placement assistance convenient
to evening weekend schedules and there's six Florida locations now including four in South Florida.
So there's bound to be one convenient by where you are fast train offers you financial assistance
to people who qualify. So if you're tired of being in a dead end job and looking at a very
measly paycheck if you're scrimp and scrape and just to get by call fast train today and get
yourself under road door real career and paycheck. Call 1 866 fast train or check them out on the
web at fast train.com and then call that toll free number get all the details 1 866 fast train.
We're sports radio 5cc
of exploding balls. In 1980 fear was born. In 1984 the nightmare began.
In 2003 the two legends will need face to face. Freddy first we show that show for
versus Jason versus
it's evil versus evil versus
then this holiday season they meet again in the ring. It's Freddy versus Jason versus Rocky.
But Rock these guys will tear at least. Oh my god he's got knives at his fingers.
He'll ruin your pretty face Rock.
Hello Mickey.
Then summer 2004 Freddy versus Jason versus Cbisky.
Then the following Thanksgiving Freddy versus Jason versus Cramer versus Cramer.
Then coming to pay for you Christmas 2004 Freddy versus Jason versus the Olsen twins.
It's a grudge match and a cage suspended over the role of Boland beautiful Pasadena California.
Only on pay for you order today.
That was that finger versus right fingers. That was that one.
It's 1118 at 560 WQM somebody Alex who's a chronic factor and we usually poop who his
suggestions. He's got a good one today Spider-Man. Sure.
Because Spider-Man was not only the movie but it was also in cartoons and I'll
kind of make books TV series TV movie right that's my point Spider-Man to go one.
Thank you Alex. It's about time to go a good one. What about Rocky?
The fun squirrel? No not that Rocky. That's why I said it that way.
I'm talking about sliced the lawn Rocky.
No if you want. I mean why not?
It's some votes it was again. I'm not asking if we like it.
I mean it's for morons it's for illiterate people like him but there are a lot of illiterate people
like him. Also Freddy Krueger which is why I just played that thing. You got to have Freddy Krueger.
Okay. Right. All right.
Well why are you like reluctant about that? Is there any doubt about that?
I keep leaning over to type it up.
No you don't you just you don't like that.
I like it just fine. We can get Freddy Krueger and we're like how many of those
uh.
About 30 men. Nightmare on Elm Street parts one through a hundred.
Oh we can put Jason and Mike Myers on there too while we're at it.
No.
You think Jason's bigger than Freddy?
So we got a put Jason from um no I don't care. I don't care what?
No I don't want to put Jason on her because Jason had to mask.
Oh that my phone is ringing. I must be a package downstairs.
Maybe it's the maybe it's the money that Edmink Van is sending me.
Also Dirty Harry. Dirty Harry man somebody faxes in
and I have some shocking news for you.
About 1400 dutch died during the heat wave. He had 12,000 friends died.
Right. About 14 and a dutch their died during the heat wave.
So it's an angry thing. I got that a lot of there you know what right.
You would have been a dead Dutchman. That Dutch outfit.
Oh I'd look at this Tina from Miami Day. It's just because did you see that?
Of course you know because you said what kind of crap is that damn it?
She's really got shaft is black doesn't mean he doesn't qualify.
Now put shaft on that list right now goddamn it says Tina from Miami Day.
Well guess what Tina? No. No. No. No chance.
He's got a care of his black or purple or what?
Shaf the small potatoes. I got your shaft over here sweetheart.
Tina from Miami Day good or real school. Oh can't say where a bunch of illegal aliens are hanging out.
Maybe you might learn something. She's all militant about this.
Well let me say it again the answer is no. No no chance.
No shaft. I'm gonna give you the shaft honey.
So I don't like that because he's black. Everything you're doing it in America it's a racial thing.
Can we put some Blair are there any black characters that qualify to be on this list?
No. No. There must be. There's a pacified Tina.
Who? I said there must be we just can't think.
Well thank you somebody. How about Amos and Andy?
I may not be what she had in mind which one? Amos or Andy?
Andy Gibb.
I'm thinking famous Anus. I'm trying to think of a black character who a fictional TV.
How I got one? Yeah. She won't like this either but he was a very George Jefferson.
Okay movies or TV if we got Archie Bunker that should be equal time.
Okay Tina is that okay? No I didn't think so. I'm putting them on anyway. I love George Jefferson.
That that you know and when I think back to that asshole Tom Jicken right and about oh that show is racist bull crap
That's like saying that Archie that's all in the family was racist. They were stereotyping right?
You know we're getting it. It was sarcastic. It was comedy. It was just the comedy. It was sarcastic comedy and they don't come no better than George Jefferson.
All of these are facts. So by 1400 Dutch died during the heat wave.
Oh! It was boiling over there that day we went on the train to Cologne Germany as much as I love Cologne.
I should have put some extra on that day Cologne. Oh yeah I can't be getting to tell you. Maybe that's why they died.
Maybe that's why so many people fly out of South Florida in the summertime until about November when it gets under 100
and when humanity is under like 95. But I think they're coming back. I think we see that on our website.
I think our show is like the barometer of South Florida if there's any there. A few more people came back.
They had to like really hustle the so-and-a-day game out yesterday. It would have been a public service if they
would have blacked that out. You know what? It would be a lot fewer psychotic people in South Florida than they.
There's a call from Miami. Hello. Wait a minute. Oh so that was him but it wasn't good. That was him.
It didn't sound like him. By the way the worst thing that you can start doing when you expect to get paid
on the show to start disagreeing with the host. I'm not kidding. I'm kidding. Now you're right it wasn't him.
You're right. Thank you. When you're right you're right. Don't happen often when you're right.
Get his paycheck. Go in there. Clarence. When you you jackass. By the way. When you're damn beastlies.
Here's a guy that's going to make about four or five bucks an hour and they're like dragging their feet.
Well we're making some cutbacks you know and payroll and we got to really tighten our belts you know
because the beastlies don't know where the next god damn meal is coming from. Where the next
chitlins are coming from. Well you can just imagine a meal at the beastly household. Oh brother.
So anyway probably a lot of can tease. Yes there is no Tina from North Day Community College. This
person who keeps faxing over over again. I didn't look at the header. It's one of our chronic
fax holes that is on the list. Oh should have caught it sooner but never the last. Yeah you should
have caught it sooner. You're just like Scotch who had caught that cut. It's called how many times
already today. Not even noon yet that asshole's been on there three times but you know what we really
don't care. I got a whole new attitude man. I don't see you I was telling you last week and I
really mean this don't let yourself get upset. You get upset. No no. I went the issue. I went through
all of that for a zillion years. I don't care. What the hell difference does it make? We do the damn
best to do our duty. In fact you didn't have a big one before the show and that's it that's the best
you can do. Goodness it was only one though I thought I was okay. Oh see you know what I think is
heaven. One continuous. Oh yeah. Beautiful perfectly shaped log. Oh yeah. Oh Abe Lincoln would be so
proud. One of those Lincoln logs. You think that's why they call them Lincoln logs in the bowl?
I sell my soul to drop a big one in the bowl. Seriously I mean of course that's so antiseptic. I don't
want to start to get with that toilet talk. We didn't have that last week about the flush toilets and
all the other stuff and about the fact that I go out. In fact they said one of the city officials
called me after they heard that show. They listen on the internet. They said if you'd like we can
like put you on a payroll on the public door and you can go around like hotels and restaurants and
you could be like the official flusher. You can be on the door to flush the bowl. Yeah. And of course
when I fly when I get rid of my always fushroom at least four times that's where that term came from
the four flusher. No I don't I don't want to see I don't want to leave that there and oh and if
it's me I hate to say this but I was like in distress in a downtown area hotel. Yeah. And I just
had to go and drop a little make it a deposit and I get all done and believe me it was a very healthy
movement and Beethoven would have agreed and you know what a flush to end it felt like that it was
one of those handled jobs you know okay you know I mean like on the side one of those without a
full on the back you know I'm talking and it was like I felt like it was broken and I thought oh no
I can't I'll never leave here I can't leave and leave that behind me get a bucket of water so
luckily I I pulled it like forward and backward it is opposed to up and down which usually those
things and it it just sucked it up oh I'm still talking about a toilet 26 past 11 at 560 WQA and
Scott's gonna get on the payroll by the end of the week or all quitting how do you like that
the parents were getting sick and tired of waiting for response I want Clarets in there during the
break I want his little skinny ass in there with an explanation I don't get one no excuses
they will went through the same thing with Boehner boy remember sure which probably postponed his
demise hey you know when the time comes to have your carpets clean here's one name that's the
one thing needs to pop right in your mind just like that dry concepts for over 20 years they've
done a fantastic job in my house like about a month ago they came and sucked out the deep
down dirt my carpets made them look and smell and feel just like brand new dry concepts oh by the
way do we have an ad for a candidate can help her in a national limo's on our website yet I don't
know I don't think so why not what are we dragging our feet for what are we dragging our feet for
let's get with it my good post-ranked kin helper and you're going to wind up cutting off my limo
service you clowns come on Eric probably not Eric's fault probably you haven't sent him nothing
anyway getting back to our friends at dry concepts they're the best in the world the number one
carpet cleaning company the only ones in the world who dry clean your carpets it's a real pat
that methods not just some kind of advertising gimmick they give you written guaranteed price
before they do the work and always do a spectacular unbeatable job on your draper your furniture your
carpeting your pulse be the whole deal and now dry concepts continues to offer you an opportunity
to say 15% on next carpet cleaning during these final door days of summer this called dry concepts
at 1-800-248-5071 asked to be put on their standby list then dry concepts will come in a
way and they've got an opening in their schedule it's just like when you fly standby if you're
available when they have an opening they'll do the job for you knock 15% off the regular
reasonable low price already called dry concepts today asked to be put on that standby list they
might even have an opening on the day you call they'll give you 15% off the price of the job call
1-800-248-5071 1-800-248-5071 or check them on the wicked worldwide web at dryconcepts.com
yeah absolutely ladies and gentlemen this is rambo 4 and 5
oh you John rambo still alive I want to make movies 4 and 5 my life ain't going great plan
to Hollywood's broke unfortunately I speak like I had a stroke first blood came in 82 that's
when I heard my penis ended never ever grew rambo 2 was an 85 late rambo 3 was in 88
she was and to it my god I did not make this movie with my son
he made me say she was in Rocky 5 in daylight the tunnel movie a little bit of cash is what I mean
I gotta get a loan from the pile of creed I gotta have a mother and movie or a brother show like
I guess nobody ever saw cop plan it was too good I guess I understand my whole life is about to
cave in all I got left is Jennifer Flavin ladies and gentlemen I need to make rambo 4 and 5
check it out so call me up I really need a script I can do die a long walk deep it's
a like comedy action adventure and drama then the only thing I will not do is have sex with a
llama so give me a break for goodness sake I used to be out of her and I can't get on Ricky Lake
right now I got a one man show and pull kept me basically I'm an unemployed chip see a little bit of cash is what I mean
I gotta get a loan from the pile of creed I gotta have a mother and movie or a brother show like better
me I guess nobody ever saw cop plan it was stupid so I understand my whole life is about to
cave in all I got left is Jennifer Flavin that's why ladies and gentlemen I need to make rambo 4
absolutely absolutely 27 till noon at 560 WDQ I'm happy Monday to here's one that says the facts
I did not hear to play by plan a radio yesterday however after the game right after the game turn on a
radio I didn't hear Mo I heard the big where did Mo go is he gone forever is what it said and then
with several yeses but exhibitions as in hoping that the bad news is he's still there he was on
this morning I heard about two minutes and then you cut it off what's thank you very much for all right
I could have popped it back on for you oh I would have I would have loved hearing him like
moaning and groaning and make all kinds of excuses the moaning after that embarrassing
humiliating loss to a little girl school a team no moaning in the morning he was Mo was moaning
wait till that summer book comes out wow and then we get that hour by hour and see where the
big shower of powers between eight and ten when Scott foreall is on and about the gigantic dumb
that we have between five and eight in the a.m. you'll see mark my words man put an X on each one
okay how's this thing going pretty well we'll get a whole get a lot more names on this list
196 votes who was the greatest fictional character in movies or TV not somebody that was in one
movie like Jane like uh what the whatever umpire bogey wasn't has a blanket rick
James Bond 65 I guess he's I guess that was a foregone conclusion right
how do I forget if we're gonna have Rocky on it should we also have Rambo
yes absolutely absolutely don't you think absolutely uh how about Captain James Kirk
somebody suggested Captain Kirk and if we're gonna put on Captain Kirk which we will what about Mr.
Spock what about him he had unique ears okay Mr. Spock they they love Mr. Spock right
James Bond sit where where are you going what I'm typing these to Eric just slow down a little
bit you're too hyper this morning I must have got the good shipment over the weekend I wish
the Zoltin must have stopped by with some reinforcements boy don't we miss him or what
no he was really ugly how come you never said to me how can you say what are you thinking about huh
I must have been really desperate of course when I came to work for us the QMO is hoping
just desperately to find some guy to look for a human and that leaves him out I see I just I just
back boxed myself in a corner he didn't look human James Bond 65 Superman 27 it's a bird it's a plane
it's a Greg Reed Sherlock Holmes 22 Darth Vader 18 Indiana Joe and 16
Batman 12 Michael Corleone 10 Michael Corleone I see who would have been me I never would have
really thought about that for some reason but of course all three got farther movie I know
what you think you broke my heart you punkers got nine mad Max's got eight uh Dracula six that
that business about we got to see the um what is it the Braun Stoker's Dracula
Fram Strollstone it was good Gary Oldman does a phenomenal job it's not the same thing
why don't you think of it as two different movies about the same character I would have rather
seen it with Martin Landau all right Dracula six wonder woman two George Jefferson's got two see I
told you Tarzan one Rocky one Spider-Man non Freddy Krueger under the Harry Nguyen on 199 votes
what's your take five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
are they gonna let him speak on Iraq when I go inside politics now they're not gonna let him speak
and good thing too he just got that beam used look on his face again a deer in the headlights look
always especially lately like how to help to this happen how did I get sucked into this remember
the article I had on a few weeks ago we put it on a website about how the uh the people are really
pulled the strings behind the scenes have got him set up to lose the next election anyway to which
we say good but not for the right reasons remember that right I remember well we can only pray
that it's true when in doubt vote is asked out of course nobody really voted them in the first place
Santa Cruz expected to ask Congress to look into impeaching Bush all right San Jose California
California the Santa Cruz City Council tomorrow is expected to become the first law making body
in the nation to ask Congress and look look to look at I'm reading this so fast I'm so excited
although I know it doesn't mean much by the way it'll be on the back page of the sunset and I'll
just like the Broward County Commission when they voted a protest against the paint-free act
anyway there'll be the first law making body in the nation to ask Congress looking to impeaching
out president for misleading the public on the Iraq war and for trampling on civil rights
the measure to be considered tomorrow is a watered down version of July strident call for
council resolution in favor of impeaching Bush and other top members of his administration
all those fascist goyem a year ago Santa Cruz became the first city council in the country to
oppose the war more than 150 councils and boards of supervisors across the country subsequently
past similar resolutions a majority of the Santa Cruz council members are hoping they're all but
certain action marbles spark a similar movement you need to speak up when you see evil being done
since city councilman Mike Rockin right on Mike absolutely correct am I right absolutely because
the real evil doers are right there controlling the M country that's where the evil doers are
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line here's a call
from dear field hello hello uncle deal yes sir Adrian this is the traffic listed first before we
revisit the trivial pursuit question in a minute I wouldn't like to bring this live traffic
update okay and the pompano area traffic is being diverted from federal highway on northeast
six street you know an accident however I've been on hold so long it's probably clearing out right
what we want to have good intentions though well you know you're talking about the
going back to heaven a Jewish farm thinking maybe I'll go see might have that job
we're gonna look at the big hot air balloon out there who's now trying out for parcels job
you know who that is who's that all right I'm gonna give you a hint he's got his own talk show
he's his name's rush but he's he's a one-and-a-half that crab yeah and what's he doing on that
football show they're trying to give parcels and trouble I think the man's insane I think they're
trying to drive their ratings into oblivion they're trying to like pass from the face of the earth
he's all by himself over there throwing up a white flag while I'm trying to get the sports update the
man trying to become somebody that he's not I guess he's running out of things to say about the
way the economy's going well I guess it's a good diversion maybe he'll start doing a sports show
and he won't have to talk about all the crap that's going on in the world between the economy and
our racquetack and all this other crap okay that would be my choice for Dracula we'll put him on
the Dracula column rush limbaugh and we'll see what that goes okay ever great now whatever that
you you followed that did you put the pieces that together no no I don't know he said he wishes
that Dracula would make more fighting comments than rush something like that
rush bites just don't forget about that okay just all the bullcrap all the time you know
every says you can put the old buzz on it all the crap you can unwrap that's what he gives you
20 till noon at 5.60 wqam if you need to set your home fast fast cash home buyers and the people
you ought to be talking to because they buy houses fast hassle free fast cash home buyers buy
houses in any condition location for any recent if you need to set your house fast maybe your
house needs a new roof floor or any other repairs well don't waste a lot of money on cost of repairs
call ride today and unload that thing call 1 866 785 fast for no obligation hassle free offer
at fast cash home buyers to help you solve your house problems you have a vacant house maybe
you're tired of dealing with a problem tenet we're going through a nasty divorce or lost the
mortgage payments on that often game yesterday call fast cash home buyers maybe you're one two or
three payments behind or inherited a property you don't want and you're looking to unload fast cash
home buyers can help so call ride today at 1 866 785 fast and let fast cash home buyers give you peace
of mind fast cash home buyers will buy your house today and here's another really great part of
this old deal is you won't have to pay a penny a dime a peso in real estate commissions so call
ride and check this out call 1 866 785 fast FAST for a hassle free offer and let fast cash home
buyers help you with those house problems
you're sports video 560 QAM
you go in the AYS UCKM okay something bothering you miss a spot
yeah I say that I have not thoroughly enjoyed serving with humans I find their illogic and
love tenderness yes don't be afraid
here's my hat
all of you are beautiful
more beautiful than any dream of beauty I've ever known
what is your point Mr. Spock and my hand kiss me
get out of your mind prospect the fear of credit tracking to you no wonder you don't really want
to hurt me do you put that thing away no I don't think so
I can spend this some quick
I can't spend this some quick
my second officer Spock
I can't
possibly might have hit the wrong entry point yes very well
kept try again this places you what do you need for hurry if you'll excuse the
intrusion kept it
Murray the hatchet on appropriate choice in terms kept it
I feel so weak
we got miss over
harder
coming
I
behave discreetly
I had eaten an animal flesh I've enjoyed it believe you as a spot
it was painful in more ways than one I don't know why I have not been infected
thank you mr. Spock from both of us
one police station 14 to learn with five sixty mad dog at two the Humper from Shula's at four
Marlins on decks or six thirty have huge game Marlins at the mat seventh and the night
and ESPN radio instead of Eddie K tonight I don't know why do we know why no
and you want to go over night I beg your poor told me not to forget it the typo it is
ah clearance for crying out loud he can't and by the way did he come into in that break
no no see what I mean so Eddie K is on tonight
clearance cake at the schedule straightened out if he would spend more time on station work instead of
working on the beast I have something going here maybe Scott could get paid some time this year
before the year comes out before our clearance comes out Zoro says Tina again with other
funny facts but you know what Zoro belongs on there right right sure what do you laugh
and about Zoro belongs on earth as for the Latin audience unless you're an effort to rise
faster which I am but that's beside the point right right Zoro Zoro was great in the
anti-governor Franco ban in 73 years old claxid in Chicago CNN's making a big fuss
it's still pending as we speak and spending as we speak he's still they're working on him
they're looking at him you know you care about that no I don't think so so how are we doing so far
James Bond is running away with this baby I mean there's no contest but 75 votes the greatest
fictional character in movies or TV second place Superman 32 Sherlock Holmes 22 I'm so proud of
this audience Darth Vader 20 Indiana Jones 17 Archie bunker 15 see Sherlock Holmes is a more
cerebral answer than James Bond sure Archie bunker 15 Michael Corleone 14 Batman 12 Dracula and
Mad Max are tied with nine of peace and then it's real small potatoes dirty Harry's only got four
aren't you surprised he hasn't made it dirty Harry made your day and I always got five George
Jefferson and Wonder Woman each have a pair only I think hers are bigger than his Rocky's got two
Spider-Man one Tarzan one Captain Kirk one Mr. Spock one Rambo Freddie Cooper got the big none
none yet oh this story is it this will let me take a few calls because you'll have to strap
yourself in for this story about the DEA set the battle pot advocates over hemp use in food
okay is that leave you almost speechless yeah almost DEA set the battle pot advocates over hemp
use in food and what foods are these well we'll get to all right here's a call from Boca
hello oh that was him I think or maybe just a good imitator here's Miami hello
kaki pita ta kuleta poor lotterdale hello hello yes sir great show today just wanted to add
once the poll though to go along with George Jefferson how about Fred Samford there's another
see that'll satisfy a phony Tina hey where's the van gonna be today I have no idea I don't even
has to service a Doreen twice on Monday so I don't know if he's gonna have time to get out
well let's you know thanks pal what do you laugh at about it's true he's got a bone hurt twice
are you telling me she was answering phones this morning yeah I find that just astonishing and
shocking they've reen the queen out spreading her wings hmm maybe she might have another
confrontation with Moe was she was she answering phones at his show I don't know she certainly
answered them on for sure well she's probably looking she wants to check out the big D five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's a call on alligator alley
hello hey uncle nail yes sir a couple of things for you good show today number one
sliced alone is gonna be acting well I wouldn't want to say acting but he's gonna be
he's gonna be hip and directing and producing a movie about the deaths of biggie smalls and two
pops your core I'll be damned if you can believe that the other thing is yeah he sure seems to fit
that perfectly don't he my vote for for the poll Tony Montana man Scarface I know he's only been in one
movie but it's it's an iconic character you know and then okay not but at least when in when
when times are bleak we must impeach okay have it right there times are bleached when it's time
to bleach it's time to impeach now I tell him I'm 10 ain't gonna be honest I'm gonna be the greatest
official character in movies or TV I mean I could understand if it was like one movie where it was like
uh like red Butler and gone with the wind right see oh I'm not putting him on it but I'm just
saying something like that where it was like so outstanding so memorable so strong you know right
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Marla Slime got six hundred
open lines and I would say we had how many real call what percentage of calls they were like real
call seventy percent idiots that's Monday yeah here's a call from Fort Lauderdale hello
hey Neil yes sir I think Batman you think Batman yeah that's not the bad Batman that's got 12
votes already on the pool right but hold on a second and I think you're really intelligent the
only thing is why don't you do good radio I mean you belong in Toronto with the wind yeah you know
what you do I mean why you then why are you then why are you listening I'm trying to get some good
radio I mean I don't know if you but if you know you're not gonna find it here then why are you listening
why there's nothing else on okay great there's nothing else on
that that that calls when I'm on same stick same crap but you're boring pal okay and by the way
there no wimps up here only the wimps are playing on the dolphins those are the wimps losing to a girls
team five six seven oh this a guy listens every single day you're on I'm on recites chapter
in verse every single word why don't I do good radio always that too because we don't want to do
good radio come here we like to do bad radio I think you're part he always does that too it starts
out with some fake material and then takes a shot right exactly I say Batman you're you're so
lame how why don't you do good call are you capable of it no didn't think so you're an idiot here's
Miami hello Miami hello when is this yes sir hey uncle neal I got a character for you Inspector Kuso
good one thing Panther yeah and then for keynote in Miami day I was thinking maybe Toby from
Root okay contact a good there's a good one not not okay thanks a lot are we putting
contact in there no Toby contact Toby Inspector Kuso the brilliant Peter Seller he's
supposed to be a real asshole what how you spell Kuso CLOU SEAU Kuso got it got it I know my
frog mister as we got Jean Crouch and here in Wimpy Toronto that asshole by the way never
been anywhere near Toronto is probably left the never left South Florida another one of those
broken last holes that stuck down there to can't get out and is bitter about it see that's what I
hear that's what I hear and a lot of these voices I hear and of course on the heels of that
embarrassing loss yesterday to a little little little little little girls theme yeah but you're
forgetting something what's that aren't we blessed we always sure are well known after that game
we're cursed it's a freaking curse ended the Huracans cover even though they won again they cover
the spread no I don't think so what was the spread on that game Scott like 14 or something yeah
I believe it was 14 and a half no 14 and a half did they go close no they had a plant the out
of their ass in the end just to win a game oh oh the wonder eddie K was on the verge of
sticking the espn radio one tonight the clearance commander yet to clarify all of these mistakes
and the boo boozee's making no no no you know that's how he's playing hard to get for some people
DEA set the battle pot advocates over hemp use in food consuming a chunk of organic health food
is an act of drug abuse in the eyes of the DEA if it contains some snacks to hemp as an ingredient
this goes to show you what kind of fascist country you're living in in wimpy Miami and appeals
court in Alaska's as residents can possess up to a quarter pound of pot for their own use
in a zogby pool conducted last month and new hamster 84% of voters said they supported changing
federal law to allow patients to use medical medicinal medicinal marijuana without fear of arrest
marijuana continues its b-line for the mainstream after years of refore madness
refore madness
federal officials are ready to do battle with the next target being hemp as food
when it sound while it sounds simple enough one sides of one side of mostly pro marijuana advocates
looking to climb another rung on the latitude pot tolerance the fact that the hemp food case
even has legs portrayed to continue to move toward societal legitimacy of the illegal weed
just from the washed in times there's a lot more tolerance for marijuana said Bruce Merkin
is spokesman for the marriage wini policy project which favors pot legalization and most other
liberalization marijuana laws and it appears that there are more people rallying around this issue
he said when people are not seeing said ed children's a DEA spokesman in Washington is the
marijuana legalization lobby had worked behind the scenes with better resources those evil doers
how do you like that had no idea two years ago DEA asked all asshole Hutchinson you know him
he said that foods using seeds from the hemp plan violated federal law he ordered a crack down
in the foods but his dictate was a state by court order maybe most maybe most trying to obey the law
and pick those seeds out of his track though maybe that's what those seeds are you ever think about
that no I never guessed wow now this is this thing actually this article actually lit now
didn't really list any foods that have any seeds unfortunately because we'd probably like a
I see right I see wait a minute I see Miss Gordon's Minneapolis based French metal bakery
produces among other things bread with hemp seeds is primary ingredient you ready for that
bread with hemp seeds is a primary she distances herself from the pro pod lobby I don't advocate
marijuana use I don't smoke the wicked weed Miss Gordon said but her multi grain healthy hemp bread
uses hemp seed that he purchases legally from Canada where hemp plants are grown for industrial
use and consumption this is not to get people high it's something that tastes good she said
you know so you get the munchies and you're actually right at the same time it's probably good
throwing a hole in two probably good for your spastic hole absolutely correct Paul absolutely
he's spastic by the way he's got this map he's going to show exactly where all his WMV with cartoon
pictures yeah he was just fooling he was just playing a game of chip
1157 at 560 WM announcing a gigantic 2003 Neil Rogers into summer clearance they'll
go on right this second at Halibut AX GMC get yourself the lowest prices in town from Tom Limon and
Joe Prieto good guys for this special promotion every vehicle on the lot has been marked
under the absolute lowest rock bottom price plus get yourself 0% financing for 60 months on
every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock you won't be that anywhere you can buy a 2003 Pontiac Sunfire
right now for only 11,998 to hell or get you a full size year for just 15,998 but you better
hurry now because inventories are limited and you can still test drive any vehicle on the lot for
24 hours you can take it home take it to work take it to a wherever that the pier 66 and protest
the president and of course how it's also got a great selection of certified pre-owned cars
trucks SUVs if credit is a problem for you when you try to buy a car it's no problem in hell if
they're not picky they want to get you a deal Halibut AX GMC 13401 South Dixie highway
that's US one across from the falls open every single day seven days a week if you want more
info call the Neil Deal hotline tool free at 1.888-5344-211 that's 1.888-5344-211 no forget all
Neil Deal submitted to credit provost here friends at Halibut four details Halibut AX GMC be
professional great
parallel it needed 12 to 1 hour on WQF
the economy took a crap getting slaughtered in Iraq
from the push to pay the traders all the people that want to know is only one way to go
you got to regen newspapers but
don't worry what it cares about does it
yeah nobody they just want to be in front of that TV thinking what happens to them
ain't gonna be happening to me
but it cares about who they are
holy abyss who they yeah and they say what did you say
when they were never gonna believe me anyway
don't bother me with too much information I don't want to leave it
I don't want to believe it
don't confuse me with the facts I'm getting the parents violence say the mentally challenged
believe others few would box news they don't lie
just try so one of few people died I can't think of turn with that I'm busy picking tea
I don't say I didn't want you I don't think I look at California
and I may hint these that's what inquiry minds in the DEA want to know
12 or 2 or 5 60 WQM bad news Franco ban in the in the end of governor critical conditions
very very serious hope that guy
Tracy and Kendall says my vote I put a couple on here Frankenstein
I mean if we're gonna put Dracula how can we now put Frankenstein
there've been a zillion Frankenstein me even Abbott and Costello my Frankenstein
they did it together too remember that oh they did it together like Clarins in the Beast
and Norman Bates because that's what Tracy and Kendall suggest that's a good one
sure you don't think I do I bought the 2002 2003 best meal CD online says Tracy and it was
very impressed with how quickly it came oh yeah squirt squirty too the CD is great I love the
isobits they're just perfect I would like to have had the real kind of Lisa song I don't think so
but it still has some classic bits everybody should get one have a great day thanks Tracy you have
a great day too and thanks for helping out abandoned pet rescue and getting our CD and if more
you assholes get off the get on the stick get on the men and do it like you I beg your pardon
you're on the men and all the time as often as I can oh this is bad news man for Arnold
on the fudge report miss fudge you know I noticed that miss fudge her she must somebody must
be pulling the strings against Arnold I guess he's not right wing enough because the fudge report
has been extraordinarily a heavy duty loaded with these anti-onel articles so he's part of that
Hollywood crowd he's not going to be in with them I see anyway second black bodybuilder claims
Schwarzenegger racist comments world exclusive says miss fudge another black bodybuilder has come
forward claiming the California gubernatorial candidate is that guber gubernatorial candidate Arnold
Schwarzenegger has a history of making racist comments the drudgery port can reveal
robby robinson whose picture by the way is there on the uh always one of those over those muscle
bound one of the most respected and well-known of all bodybuilders a former mr. america mr.
world and mr. universe title holder bats up claims made by fellow black bodybuilder Rick Wayne
notice respect the fans of Arnold but rich claim is in keeping with my experiences with the man
robinson explains in a message robinson says that Schwarzenegger repeatedly directed the term
nigger at him known throughout his career as the black prince robinson continues in san
Jose at the rust warner clinic or classic brothers was called in those days there was a scene
seven rate of us bodybuilders were invited to guest pose at the show we were all paid 650 bucks
to do our thing after the show there was a big banquet we were all dancing heavy nice time in
war in walks Arnold and started shouting out down with the black niggers and this in black's that
for about ten minutes all during this time nobody said a word how do you like that the banquet
all was full of international federation of bodybuilder officials there was a dead silence you
could have heard a pinfall everybody knew him was shocked except for me all of his hostility
and rage was directed at me for once he got caught out of shape and I was in contest condition
me being in great shape put him in a bad light and a bad attitude in my mind I wanted to bust him
up but that wouldn't have done any good so with all my intensity bottled inside me I walked out
of the room I'm walking out as he was still in his mode of down with the blacks when the silence
was broken by Joe weeders voice telling Arnold to stop that didn't know good he was on a rule now
I left the banquet went to my room his actions were cowardly in this respectful that's why Rick Wayne
is speaking out during pumping iron more racial slurs were directed to me because I walked out
of his house refusing to be involved in the movie if we didn't get paid something we ended up
getting a hundred dollars a day but not before more racial slurs of nigger nigger were leveled
for speaking up for myself and the rest of the guys what the fans in the media don't know is we
all then signed ten thousand dollar contracts with white mountain film company at Arnold to this day
Arnold hasn't paid us a dime I wonder what the value of that contract would be today bodybuilding
has a dark past it's a tragedy the weeders and Arnold have to deal with their ghosts being uncovered
says robby Robinson how do you like that huh what a disgusting scumbuck at that is this Arnold in
california enough to make me puke five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 and
team for eyes online the greatest official character in movies or TV we've added frankenstein and
Norman vates good poll week uh... well it's Monday 292 votes no votes yet for Fred sanford
one for Zoro Tarzan Freddie Krueger Rambo two for inspector Pusso Wonder Woman Spider-Man George
Jefferson three for mr. Spock and Rocky all right you like rocky this world a hell of a lot better
than rocky the boxy pugilist captain Kirk five dirty hairy six mad max nine Dracula ten
Batman twelve Michael Corleone fifteen Indiana Jones eighteen Archie's bunker twenty two
Darth Vader twenty three Charlotte Holmes twenty six Superman thirty eight and leading the way by far
it's bond James Bond
that's no surprise right uh... surprising that he's leading by that much yeah well
goes to show the mentality the public i'm not knocking a James Bond movies but uh... yeah
but it's enduring and there been a whole bunch of different actors play James Bond
but third man it's uh... last the truth the truth test of time it'd be last in right
right here's a call from baby hello you know my favorite character both i'm living on your list
well
but the movies television sports
opera
but funny
is there ever been a character greater than bugs money how make you most
now make you know it doesn't have any character really speaks right bugs kicks
as yeah make me think you know so many says i said that's about all he says
okay but that's not a dialogue that's a good suggestion that that that
broke with accident people around this is about the mouth
violet i like it you gotta love it let me ask everybody should go to this
bush thing tomorrow and like protest a resident at pier sixty six
yeah cuz who's got two grand for dinner that's a good point okay have a great day
bugs money but i forgot to put him on there how about elmer fun
no just not he's a small to pay the role yeah yeah
although i do like his rabbits five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a eighteen t and four eyes are wireless line as the list starts
creeping or started but bugs money's a good suggestion yes it is who is the
greatest fictional character in movies or tv now let me ask you would bullwinkle
why wouldn't we put that on there bullwinkle j mousse okay you don't think so i do
oh i like bullwinkle held on more than bugs bunny i mean i'm not not gonna
guys you cut it but if we're gonna put bugs money what about porky pig
bugs was the biggest bugs had the biggest one
well the biggest baddest porky had that curse through problem
most seriously i mean what how not now we'll poke bugs money and what about the
uh... bullwinkle j mousse sure now you i thought you were big bullwinkle
i am i am i don't think other people are as much as we will see okay that
that's just because they're not because they're taste sucks okay and they're
all gonna vote for james bond because everybody knows that you know be a little
bit creative be a little bit innovative do something different instead of
just going along go with the flow and mo absolutely
here's a call from davie hello hey no yes sir the blob
hello yeah i'm listening don't don't get all defensive now the blobs
of possibility i mean we're like 75 different versions of it
i called it for and i lived in Toronto as a bunch of packy's indians in
chinese so you belong there buddy yeah okay that's same as well so like i said
no blob same same shmuck only he was doing a different
voice this time on it yep yeah he's he's busy fudge packy
five six seven oh five sixty pop five sixty on the eighty and see
i'm getting busy he's got his head up his ass he's packing it
such miserable nasty rotten ass people guess what pal i love it here okay and
one of the reasons is you're not here that's one of the reasons i love it so
much not only are you not here but there are almost no people like you here
this is what makes it so right i think it's important do they have sidewalk
vendors in Toronto yes they do do they sell chocolate at any of these sidewalk
vendors no no they still street me street merchants they know they still
street me well what were they such chocolate just because oh i see so he could
be here a fudge packing right if you had a Pakistani chocolate peddler he could
be the fudge packing i see oh my god
woo talk about heavy duty talk about a long setup
don't forget the toes you step on today might be attached to the ass you have
to kiss someday that's what Greg always says
only lately he don't have too many people kissing it you know especially after
he screwed everything up and i always trend like we'll see well now once that next
trend come out is it this Thursday no it's next Thursday this Thursday of course
is the anniversary second anniversary of 9-11 right which i'm doing a pull on that
tomorrow are you like making your preparations now oh yeah this queen duct tape
yeah bottled water get under the under the counter under the table masks
right i've got others you know because you can't really get an effective seal
on your windows so i'm just going to take a plastic bag and a rubber band and put
it around my head who the hell is Michael night is that the night rider
yeah huh yes well somebody facts that i can't even believe let's say uh here's one that says
moana i mean Yoda
not a good suggestion but a good picture it's a beautiful picture it looks it's
it's mo doin me see is it's moana
that's a beautiful thing right it says use da da da do do do the force
luke pipe smoke and surround walker why i ought to i sought the
but the do do do do die right that's beautiful and i didn't look that close but it's a Yoda
and mo mo mo it's moana i wonder if he's uh got his modem connected
five six of ai i miss bonding with him so damn much it's just one of the
why you know one of those liability is one of those things you have to give up for being here
with all these uh packies i'll give him a phone number and all these illegal aliens he said
liabilities or lies. I can't fight. Are you picking on Mo now too? Are you are you
jumping on the pile? All right they can't fire me. I don't think I've got that
thing in here. What thing? Wow he says I'm listening. How is that possible?
I'm listening. I don't know. You I know you have it. I have it. He must how does it
go? I'm listening. Oh I just I don't have it under the most stuff. I have it
separate where he says I'm listening. From 13 at 560 W here. Some of the day
we'll do good radio and then you know then that back into the back inning. Hey how
low can those interest rates go? You're probably wondering that in fact you're
probably going to ask me that right now. Now the financial group is doing the
limbo rock. We're in a jock under the lowest refinance rate going anywhere 1.95
percent that's correct. Now you can refinance your home or buy a new home and
get a super low 1.95 percent financing rate with financial group. Call toll
free 1.80940 LED 1.80940 land if you're even thinking about refinancing or buying
real estate. Call financial group toll free you got nothing to lose 1.80940 land
and talk about savings. Wait till you hear these kind of payments you make. If
you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are only 368 a month. If you
have you wait 200 thousand dollar loan you pay only 736 a month. So call
financial group and get that low unbelievable rate you've been searching and
praying for 1.95 percent because interest rates are at all time lows. Financial
group call toll free 1.80940 land that's 1.80940 LED their
unequal housing letter. Credit restrictions apply and rates are
changed monthly 5.19 APR. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My. My
Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me, Excuse me, Excuse me. Excuse me, Excuse me, Excuse me. Over. Over. Over. Over. Over. Over. Over. Over. Over. Over. Over. Over. Over. Over. Over. Over. Over. Over. Over. Over. Over. Are you all right or are you all fine? Are you all right. Are you all fine or are you all right? Are you all right or are you all right or are you all right? Are you all right or are you all right? Are you all right? Are you all right or unacjaing. Are you all right or unznaeliasun who are still shaking dead? Are you all right? Are you all right or un
He's up with you.
What's with that kung fu grip?
Sorry Mo.
And we got one of our three therium pullers on the line here.
WQAM, what do you want?
We let him walk.
I'm scared.
I'm scared.
I'm scared.
What's your name?
I can't understand that goddamn thing is saying what are you doing?
I'm playing with my very poker.
I'll hit down.
Oh, that's quite understandable.
Why, I sometimes have...
Yeah.
Get ahead, guilty.
Got me going now.
Almost there.
Say orunday.
Orunday.
Orunday.
Bastard.
Orunday.
Orunday.
Orunday.
Orunday.
Orunday.
Orunday.
Orunday.
Oh, you little dumb.
All right.
Look at that.
Look at it all over my way.
From 19 to 560 WQAM.
567.
Now look at that.
We got two calls on the board now.
What's going on here today?
No, what's going on?
It's Monday and they're not too enthusiastic.
In addition to which one of this line nine in Miami is going to be a crank anyway.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Let's get him.
Yeah.
Told you.
Why do you put the local people on line nine scut?
Because George hasn't told you properly yet.
Yeah.
I see nobody in Miami or in Broward or any probably is going to call on line nine because it's like a froward of town people see.
So automatically it's a tip off because they're too stupid even to say like Naples or Fort Myers even don't be lying anyway.
But they're too stupid even say that it's like a tip off.
It's like a you know just bearing your ass flashing into the world.
Fight.
See there.
It's like a baby QA in line nine.
KC more.
That was pretty good see.
That was excellent.
I can't wait.
In fact, I'm going to be listening.
I'm going to get up extra early Thursday morning because I want to hear 645 to 7 and they highly tell to Jay.
Jay Howard David show.
I want to hear the interview with Jay Feele the ass lick.
And did I did I mistakenly hear that they're they're taping the Ricky Williams show at the Cleveland or on South Beach tonight.
Between 7 and 8 and then they're going to play the the show on the more Howard David show Wednesday morning.
Did I hear that right?
I don't know.
Would you hear that right here on the highly rated Q I am with low rated early morning show.
Is that on oh no I see 7 a.
That knife because I'm thinking the guys only doing three hours they're going to play a 7 a.
P.M. on Wednesday night they're playing the Ricky Williams show.
Oh my god.
We got the Ricky Williams show.
We got the J. Feele.
I'm getting paid show on the phone with more Howard David.
Good got all mighty.
Here's a call from popin'o.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
I heard you were you had around drivers and show going with male last man.
Yeah.
You like that buddy?
Whatever whatever that means.
Well male last man that the mayor of Toronto.
I know who male last man is the mayor of Toronto.
Yeah.
And French patching with you.
Okay French pack this 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Are we going to get any of your calls the rest of the show?
No.
I doubt it.
What's going to sit out for it?
We don't care.
Yeah why should we start now?
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
J. Feele or sucks.
They watch that sucks.
Come on bunch of sucks.
They all fuck dead.
That was a quality call.
That was one of the better calls we've had all day.
I like that.
A lot of sucking going on.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I want to spend a lot of time on this research shows fat as an organ.
Okay.
No really this is a revolutionary story.
It's a front page story in the national post here.
And it's got if you continue on to the back on page 12 a.
The secret life of fat.
It's got like a big diagram and diaphragm.
And shows you the whole deal in there.
The trachea, the lungs, the heart, the apupik, the liver, all of these things.
The pancreas, the large intestine, the fat.
Oh the disgusting grotto.
It's an organ.
It's doing stuff.
Okay.
It's not just laying there which would be bad enough and ugly and unhealthy.
But it's doing crap to you all the time.
Which is why you have like that.
What are they called irritable body?
It's not just irritable bowel syndrome which many of us have.
Especially when we're down there we get those floaters.
See some people think floaters are just in your eyes but sometimes you're in the bowl.
Not just that.
But irritable body syndrome.
Have you ever heard of that?
No.
Are you having?
No.
I never had.
See, some of the medical people they poo-poo it you know.
But then when you check your poo-poo then you realize that it's a beautiful thing.
Makes sense though.
Although I do like that poo-poo platter.
Have you ever eaten an Indonesian restaurant?
The Micai.
No, I don't mean the Micai.
Micai is like a tourist trap.
I'm talking about like a trader of VIX and those kind of places that went out of business before you were born.
Oh man was that good stuff.
And there's nothing like that.
Poo-poo platter.
That's what his name says was his favorite.
Richard Sundance?
No Peter Clayton.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
5, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 60.
Hey he liked it so much he used to get a whole platter of it.
He said but if the platter is too big he gets splatter on your platter.
But it doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
Not no more because he's dead.
And that's probably one of the reasons he is dead.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
You know what he's doing today.
Okay.
I'm driving up the highway today.
I see the most pathetic billboard I've ever seen in my entire life.
Yeah.
Not with the vengeance.
These people.
What do you see what's on the kid man?
I mean the terminal, the ponderous.
I bet you the local high school thing can beat these people.
Yeah.
They suck.
What do you think about that?
I think you're absolutely correct sir.
They do suck.
They lost one game and right away the whole town is turning on them.
Which, which that's why I love it because it's so typical for running phonies.
They suck, they feelers, suck.
Everybody sucks.
I thought these were going to be the Super Bowl champions this year.
Oh yeah right.
nasty mean spirited boy.
In other words, what are you not for us lately?
You lost to a little girl's team and embarrassing you at home.
No, it's the home opener.
Give me.
Give me.
The Patriots get their asses kicked and Jets lose Thursday night to the redskins last Thursday.
And so they're in a perfect position here to be like one and all along with Buffalo.
And they lose to like a little tiny bunch of blind little girls when their legs tied together.
What a disgrace.
What an embarrassment.
You know what I'm saying?
I think basically what it boils down to is they suck.
And they've launched that sucks and all these other people that we keep parading around on the goddamn radio station like J.
Fielder who tries very hard, but like I told you, this team will never go anywhere with J.
Fielder as their quarterback.
And as far as Brian Greasy and his sore thumb, all I can say is,
bottom's up Brian.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Good afternoon Neil.
Good afternoon.
We're going to stop this.
I got one for you.
Our poll.
See.
The famous quad-range in the invisible way.
No.
Does this guy have any idea what we're doing here?
No.
No.
The greatest fictional character in movies or TV was the invisible man.
What's he in the middle?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Not bad.
Just like we're hoping about Mo.
Everybody's hoping that.
Hey, we want you to go away, Mo.
Okay.
We want you to go away.
Everybody in town.
Or in fact, we're going to sign and have a petition drive.
Don't take it personal unless you want to.
But everybody in town agrees on one thing.
No, no, no.
Am I right?
That's your goal.
No, no, no.
From 26 at 5.60 WQM.
I'm telling you, we're going to give you a date and we'll let you know with the date that we're going to start doing good radio.
You're going to put out a memo.
We'll put out a memo out and then we'll probably put out a small ad in the hero in the Sun Central.
We'll let you know what date that's going to be.
Probably be around the same time we start getting good calls to.
From 26 at QAM, if you want to plunge your guts out and have confidence in peace of mind,
hear the people you ought to be talking to.
VIPsportsbook.com.
Ignore so many of the silly little people we have on this radio station, including somewhere like under the age of 10,
who are peddling all kinds of sports books in 10th world countries like Costa Rica.
You'd be lucky if you ever see your money again.
This year, move up in class and do your plunging at VIPsportsbook.com.
The oldest and largest sports book in the Netherlands, the Netherlands, Holland, Amsterdam,
100% legal and licensed too.
Listen to me and call VIPsportsbook.com right now at 1-866 VIP bets,
because their South Florida's best sports book in the universe.
Son of now and you can bet all the South Florida football and basketball teams,
juice free all year long.
Isn't that what the pool said that we took over the weekend that South Florida wants to be juice free?
Yes.
You want to bet on the dolphins?
It's 100 to win 100.
You want to bet on the hercones?
It's a risky bet.
They didn't cover Saturday.
It's 100 to win 100.
So forget about the VIG, the VIG-RISH, AID VIGOTA.
All setups get a 20% cash bonus.
Fish.
Not some funny money match play bonus either.
Tesio.
VIPsportsbook.com.
That's how you find them online or call them tool free at 1-866 VIP bets.
How about Tesio for the list today?
No.
How about Clemenza?
That number again is 1-866 VIP bets.
Tell me you heard all about it on QAM.
I actually never saw Johnny who used to do the fill of more spots years ago when advertising on TV for cigarettes was legal.
No.
He used to say,
Read all about it.
Read all about it.
It was the fill of more spots.
I don't know why he said read all about it, but that's what Johnny used to say.
Now he's probably dead from lung cancer.
VIPsportsbook.com where you are the VIP.
Five and a local fish.
He's five cities.
Three and a half years old.
You win.
I'm Swartzenekad.
Arnold, before we get started, what is that smell?
That's my new cologne.
It smells like onion dip. What is it?
That's onion dip cologne.
That explains it, I guess.
That's right.
Next question.
You know, there's all the speculation that you will owe, please.
You know, there was all that speculation that you weren't going to run.
I know.
I fool the whole world.
What changed your mind?
What mind?
What changed your decision to run for governor?
Decisions are easy to make when you are informed.
What does that mean?
It's onion dip cologne.
No, I don't mean about the cologne.
I mean, what does that statement mean?
Right.
Next question.
What is it?
When I go to Sacramento, I will pump up Sacramento.
Well, how exactly are you going to do that?
I'm going to pump it up.
How?
By pumping.
But this is a government.
This isn't a gym.
No, pumping.
Speaking of pumping, there have been some allegations that you have...
Or that's a straight hair for where you tread small report to mad.
Well, there have been reports that you have strait in your mouth.
Straight.
Straight.
You straight.
It's onion dip cologne.
It's very nice.
Thank you.
I'm going to pump up Sacramento as the governor.
I will be the best governor of California since you were the president.
You were the governor of California.
Exactly.
He's onion dip cologne.
Don't you find it strange that if he's really that much of a racist, his name is Schwarzenegger?
No.
How many of that's why it is?
From 33 at 5.60 W to Q.I.M.
Let's take one from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Hey, listen.
Your boy Moe is branching out.
I'm just driving past university here.
I go by a restaurant that you're going to have to go to next time you're in town.
It's on a university in commercial.
It's called Moe Southwestern Grill.
I guess he sees the head right in the wall.
So, yeah, he's branching out.
He's branching out.
Hey, listen.
I hate to talk about something that actually matters.
But after our liar and chief speech last night, I happened to be online today.
I don't know if you have access to AOL, but they have a place where they're talking about a speech
and they have people who have gone online and made comments about it.
And I'm expecting to read all these comments from these idiots that support them.
And I guarantee you, if you go on there and check it out, 75 or 80% of the comments on here are 100% negative.
Oh, man.
That is certainly caused for optimism unless the Democrats really shoot themselves in the foot in.
And it only can even dig or more on than everybody else.
Yeah, I think next year's president, I mean, it's a long ways away, but I think next year's election is one for the Democrats to lose.
Which they're good at doing that, but I think that's the only way they can lose.
They certainly are.
And at least it no longer appears to be a foregone conclusion that President Gump will be reelected to our second term.
Now, these polls are last over the weekend. They're looking pretty grim for him.
Yeah, and I'm totally broken up about it.
Hey, me too.
Hey, why aren't you there in Toronto?
Have you ever been to North 44 restaurant?
Never heard of it.
It's awesome.
What are they? What's their thing?
It's sort of fusion, you know, sort of like Pacific Rim fusion, too, but it's really good.
Did you say Pacific Rimmer?
Yeah, exactly.
Good place.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Have a great day.
567 maybe Rimmer could take me there. What do you say?
No, I'm not answering the phone.
Tom 560 put it.
I have a great stake at Ruth Chris on Saturday night.
The company was good.
The meal was enjoyable.
Only had a pay for two and not for like six, including strangers I never met before in my
life.
There's only one thing.
I don't want to make a big draw out thing, but one thing I want to say about Jeff Rumor.
Boy, does he have a lot of clips about it?
Yeah.
God.
I mean, talk about having no shame.
Like it's an entitlement of some kind.
You know, well, I know you're making a lot of money.
So here's the check, pal.
You know, I believe.
Yeah.
I mean, don't even look at it.
Just pass that to him down and stick it in my hand and oh, the thought of it.
560560.
How's the who is the greatest fictional character in movies or TV?
We're asking the O'Rard dot com 354 votes.
And George is cracking his knuckles again.
James Bond 110.
Superman 41.
Sherlock Holmes 28.
Darth Vader.
I mean, this is, you know, James Bond is so far ahead.
Yeah.
Darth Vader 27.
Archie Bunker 24.
Indiana Jones 21.
Michael Corleone in 19.
Batman 13.
Dracula 11.
Mad Max 10.
Captain Kirk A. Dirty Harry 7.
Inspector Cluso 5.
Mr. Spock 4.
Spider-Man 4.
Bugs Bunny 4 already.
Rocky III.
George Jefferson 3.
Wonder Woman 3.
Freddie Krueger's got a pair.
I told you.
Of course, you can put anybody on there.
You know, get a pair.
Tarzan 2.
Zero 1.
Rambo 1.
I bet you it was a, who was it?
Tina.
Tony Tina, who's probably got a big pair.
Voted for zero.
Rambo 1.
Bull jinkle by mousse.
He's got one.
Frankenstein and Norman Bates don't have any no votes for Frankenstein.
Now, let me say this to you.
Okay.
You remember young Dr. Frankenstein with Gene Wilder?
Sure.
A panic, right?
Then there was another Frankenstein one with Michael Serrzen.
I don't remember the name, but.
I don't either.
Probably Frankenstein.
Frankenstein something.
But I mean, there was a Zillion Frankenstein movie.
Not third man.
At least.
Then there was the 3D Frankenstein, the Harvey Kormit one.
Oh, I never saw that.
That's all that theater.
Was that the definitive one?
No.
And Frankenstein unbound.
Right.
Through Robert De Niro or somebody like that.
Wait, are you talking again?
No.
The appearance coming in there and the straightening thing out to begin to fill out the time she can get.
I'm going to tell you right now I could be sick for several days, Clarence.
You want to play a hard ball?
Okay.
This is no Chris Matthews up here in Toronto.
This is like the old master at forcing you your hand.
And if you get your hand out of the beast's leg,
I'm long enough to get fill out the paperwork.
Maybe we get Scott paid you, idiot.
These beastlies, man.
What a cheap keep.
And you know, the immediate response from somebody, idiots, other.
Yeah, but look at all the money they're paying you.
The only reason they're paying me that money is number one because it's into contract.
And number two because I'm making a millions and millions of dollars.
That's the only reason.
And believe me, they don't like it.
They resent it.
In fact, at the bottom of every paycheck, there's like a little note where paying you in spite of the fact we're not too happy about it.
They even write that on there.
But they are so freaking tight.
They just don't want to let go.
Can you imagine?
Can you even begin to imagine the amount of money those beastlies you got?
No, I don't want it.
It'll make me a-
Oh, Jesus.
Every time George looks at that pay, that's a good thing you don't get to check it.
So if you only get that stub, right, stubby.
Kind of like me, it's one of the few things we have in common.
Every time we look at our stubs, we start to cry.
Here's Riviera Beach.
Hello.
How much for your pole, King Kong?
No.
And by the way, one more gulpa oxygen before the next call, please.
But what?
That's not like he was under virginity.
Maybe there was governor O'Bannon from Indiana calling from his hospital, but...
Oh, too late.
5, 6, and King Kong was, uh, although, you know, I really shouldn't poop who that's so bad because King Kong...
We could do with movie monsters one day.
I think King Kong is good.
I want to take that back out.
I apologize, sir, but take gulpa oxygen anyway.
No, King Kong is good.
Well, then we have to put Godzilla in there.
Nobody doesn't know King Kong, right?
No, I forget about Godzilla.
Godzilla is small potatoes.
But King Kong was like, huge.
Godzilla made more movies.
Did he?
Sure.
Well, let's put them both on there, okay?
King Kong and Godzilla for the big people out there.
For the big people like the John Holmes crowd.
How about John Holmes?
No, he was for real.
That was the sad part.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
By the way, he's still dead in Peter North just turned 82.
And he's still...
Squirt, Squirt.
A straight shooter.
That'd be a good pull.
Who's the best straight...
A straight shooter from movies of all time?
Clint Eastwood, Peter North.
Kennett.
John Holmes.
5, 6, 7.
He was...
He was disgusting, you know what?
Stop and think...
That's a good pull for one day too.
Like when we have nothing else to do.
Like maybe tomorrow.
Seriously, the grossest pornostar of all time.
Oh, Terry Reins.
Ron Jeremy.
Oh, there he is.
You have a winner.
Hands down your pants.
Even if he is still double-jointed.
See, what I don't understand is...
And I did see that one flick.
I did it a long time ago where he does himself.
But how can you have such a big poop again?
Still have that...
I mean, that is quite a feat.
Right.
It's a fine thing, not a gut thing.
It's a spine thing?
You have to be able to bend your spine.
I see.
Moe could do it, but he's spineless.
20 to 1 to 5, 60, W. Kuhn.
We got the mad dog.
Boy, that could be a sorrowful thing today from Matootah 4.
I would have loved to have heard him at the end of the game yesterday.
Oh, wow.
He must have been psychotic.
Wow.
Then we got to Humper is back in town.
It's about time.
It looks like he's on a schedule now that he parties over Hank.
Hank from 4 to 6, 35 at Chulas.
And then we got all the Marlin stuff.
And then we're going to be taping the Ricky Williams short
with the Cleveland or on South Beach 7 to 8 tonight.
Any interest?
No.
After yesterday.
And don't bring your watermelons or stuff like that.
Ooh, that was a bad choice, you know what?
A hundred ways.
Anyway, let me tell you about speaking of water melon balance for life.
They might bring you a little slice, although they have some beautiful fruit.
Have you ever seen a beautiful strawberries they use?
Yes, I have blueberries.
They are big as your hand.
Captain Quig would really be proud.
You'll be proud too when a weight is off your body.
And you start losing like crazy and you can fit in some real clothing.
Because balance for life, if you stick with it, really works.
You can lose a ton of weight like the beast is done.
You'll sure guarantee after a week you'll look better than he is right now.
There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting,
no carbohydrate counting, no big song in advance, no figuring with diaries and crap.
All you do is just pick up the black sack at your doorstep every morning.
By six in the morning, wherever you want them delivered.
And it's right there.
As dependable as the weather in Alaska.
And right inside your sack are three delicious fresh gourmet meals, two delicious snacks.
You can't be too with a stick.
Nothing frozen, nothing artificial.
No preservatives, no little boxes of garbage.
Everything made with the beautiful fresh ingredients that you love.
And of course there's plenty of food in there to keep you on a program all week long.
And the only choices you have to make are filling out the little diet
that they give you, no sheet every week, two alternative for each meal every day.
It's trying to program and the snacks.
So that balance for life, help you lose that weight.
Finally, your desperate, it's unhealthy.
You look like crap, you're walking around wearing top tents in gigantic, oversized guava.
As forget about that.
That balance for life, help you see the results on that skill within days.
And keep losing it.
Call 9-5-4-568-32-29-954-568-32-29 and change your life and waistline forever.
Or check them on the web if you like it.
Balance for life.com.
We're sports radio 5-6-1-U-A-M.
Oh, the ice bar fell low.
Up the butt, he's a super star.
In the S.B. he's a dad.
He's keeping in his pants.
He's back.
On the outside, and she is the B.
It wasn't just shy.
But in the S.B. can't keep it in his pants.
Can't keep it in his pants.
That day, he will come row.
He won the best of not all.
But now he's changed his mind.
No more who she could cheat.
No more hugging school cheat.
Unless he steals a blue sheet.
Now Kobe knows he's got a good lawyer.
To paint the cheerleader on his true.
His wife won't say a thing.
With a big old honking ring on his true.
Call 48-5-60-WDQ.
I'm happy Monday to you.
We've got heavy duty stuff going on this week, don't we?
We don't know what any of it is yet.
It's kind of like back two of the regular shows.
That's good.
That's a good start.
And then we got all the dolphins coming in killing some good time.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
This team is out for some kind of vengeance.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
You know what it reminds me of?
Remember Jimmy Johnson?
Yeah.
We got a shot.
Remember that?
Sure.
It's enough to inspire me almost, not quite, but almost to play.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
I bet you it's enough to make a lot of people want those days back.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
I think so.
Ain't going to happen.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I made, I don't know what I was thinking, what I was smoking, but I made the biggest mistake of going to see the horror cane down at the toilet bowl.
I'm sorry, the orange bowl.
Yeah.
And it was quite an experience, of course.
I'm a Gator fan, but I didn't wear orange and blue knowing how nasty and rude they are.
And we had plastic bottles being thrown at us.
They stopped serving alcohol at half time.
What do you do?
The 8 o'clock game at night.
Oh, my six thirty, they're already all plastic.
The hand beat, that jator meat.
Yeah.
Exactly.
By 5 p.m., they were wasted.
But then, you know, they had to add insult to injury and drink more alcohol in the stadium.
So it was just a beautiful experience.
And I'm just looking so much forward to going back down to Miami with all those great horror cane fans.
They are, they are the unembarassment of the city.
They're an embarrassment to humanity.
What?
To the human race.
That's correct.
What pigs.
They're such pigs.
They have no class at all.
They can win ten national championships and they're still scumbags.
Excellent point.
I've got to say, Neil, have a good day.
And you too.
They're very well said, you know.
Even a championship scumbag is still a scumbag.
Don't forget.
Narcite.
You're kidding, blow.
Exactly.
I'm so sick and tired of that whole ambiance of what that thing is becoming.
It's not even a university anymore.
It's just a football factory.
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
Aiming at pornography to hit music piracy.
I want to make sure I get this stuff in before I do a climb.
This is on our website too, from the New York Times.
The recording industry is struggling to curb music piracy.
Now, he's shining the spotlight on another demon lurking on the internet pornography.
Oh my god.
Right.
The industry is trying to win less broader public support with a campaign intended to show
that it's nemesis.
The peer-to-peer networks for swapping files like Kazah and Morpheus are used not only to trade songs,
but also pornography images, including child pornography.
As a guy in the record industry and as a parent, I am shocked that these services are being used to lure children
to stuff that is really ugly.
Said Andrew Lack, the chief executive of Sony Music Entertainment.
The same people that had the big deal with Michael Jackson, by the way.
One of the most notorious pedophiles in the history of the universe.
Isn't that ironic?
No.
Oh.
Others ask whether raising this issue is more than little.
Let's call out what's his name.
See if Michael Jackson, see if Pellea is home.
Iser.
Others ask whether raising this issue is more than little cynical from an industry that heavily promotes music
with sexual and violent themes.
The entertainment companies have engaged in a deliberate and despicable campaign of lies to smear peer-to-peer technology for political purposes.
Say Philip Corwin, a lobbyist for a Charmin Networks, the publisher of Kazah, the largest fostering service to try to associate us unfairly with the most
vile element in society child pornography.
Let me say it again.
How hypocritical for the chief executive of Sony Music to be screaming about Kenny Porn on the Internet when his company is subsidized
in the Ben and business with the world's biggest most notorious pedophile for a hell of a long time.
How many years?
30 minutes.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Sorry, I just mentioned that in passing.
Just another area now where everything's going to be censored.
I mean, sure, there should be no kitty porn on that.
But, of course, they're going to have the big wide web.
You know, on the wicked web.
It's just a matter of time before these bastards are going to want to censor everything on there.
Just like we got to be public wounds now, the right wingers.
Well, we've got to stop this offshore gambling, this Internet gambling.
Let's just stop everything.
Okay, everything could be illegal.
There you go.
Right.
You name it?
Oh, that's illegal.
Can't do that.
Like broadcasting.
The only thing that's going to still be illegal for poor folks is going to be breathing the fresh air and they're going to start charging for that.
You don't know, reminds me of like in the gas stations, you know.
And some of the minors are getting away from that because it's embarrassing.
The air.
Charging you for air to put air in your tires.
Like you got to work that compressive.
Yeah.
I can't do this.
Is that unbelievable?
Charging you for air.
To put air in your tires mobile, I notice is this stop doing that.
At least the one mobile up there by the sawgrass.
I'd like to take that hose and stuff it in there.
Correct them.
Yeah.
Take your air in the stuff it assholes.
Amaco, by the way, doesn't do that.
I don't know.
I see quarter slots everywhere I go.
How about dime slots?
That's more your speed.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16.
Much a hot shot.
When you said quarter slots, I started thinking about quarter-mania.
Quarter-mania.
Why couldn't I want a 23 million, huh?
But you assholes.
Here's a call from Jacksonville, it says.
Hello.
One on the wrong line.
I knocked that one off.
Femwork Pines, hello.
Yeah, hey Neil.
Love your show, buddy.
Yes sir.
Wait till we start doing good shows.
It's going to be great.
Yeah, I know.
I'll follow up to the guide before on the University of Miami.
Oh wait.
That's the University of Coral Gables, isn't it?
Right.
By the way, you can't spell scum without UM.
Okay.
A little hold, thank you very much.
A little hold, but absolutely correct.
Absolutely correct sir.
Yeah, the UM, just about.
I mean, they did win the game.
I will say that made a big comeback.
But the fact of the matter is, you know, expected to win by this spread is 14 and a half.
And you win by 5 and a desperate come from behind at home, no less.
What are expected to win every guy named Game or else?
See that?
That's the fallacy of that whole UM fandom, that whole program.
Is that if they lose one game, it's a bad season.
It's like the end of the world and everybody and thousands and thousands jump off the bandwagon.
Or if they're not, if they're playing like a lesser like, I mean, that was the gator.
So that's the beginning.
Stay rivalry.
But if they're playing like East Carolina, is that game, and East, where is that game next this weekend?
Let me take a few, huh?
Well, no, I don't expect you to know or even Scott to know because he doesn't give a crap.
Oh, it's East Carolina.
It's another home game.
Oh, let's see how many people they have for the East Carolina pirates at the Orange Bowl, huh?
How many thousands are going to show up for that?
About 30, man.
Yeah.
Because once again, you can be damn sure that the game on Saturday was probably like 50-50 gator fans at Hurricane Fans.
Pretty embarrassing if he asked me.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Not here in too many dolphin fans calling today saying, oh, we'll be back.
We'll be okay.
We'll kick the jets ass.
You hear anybody saying that?
No.
No.
They're looking their wounds, man.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm talking about charging for air.
Wait till the US government charges for air to pay for the damn war.
That'll be something.
That's the only place they're going to get the money that taxed everything else to the Hilton.
They're giving all the wealthy people their tax money back.
I was listening to Diane Riemshow on NPR and the hours worth of screenless callers.
One was pro-bush.
And she said, well, you've got all these people.
They're screening them.
So, of course, they're going to have that opinion.
And Diane went, not she said, we do not do not ever screen.
Anyway, listen, you know, that thing on CBS 60 minutes about Canada with this.
Is that, yeah, you know, is that really still the way it is?
Because I think that program was a year old.
About Canada with what?
Oh, the terrorists.
They're all up there.
They're all coming out.
Oh, that's a bunch of bull crap.
They've got this one group of Pakistanis that they're investigating.
I mean, I'm not saying that there aren't plenty of them up here because we've got many, many zillions.
I don't know how many million from the Middle East, you know,
Pakis and all these other people, but, you know, they don't know where the hell they are.
Well, they made it sound like there's one at every corner and you better be careful because they're talking about the other.
I'm looking out the window right now.
It looks like one to me.
It's a schmata head.
Oh, boy.
When you're here, you have to check the head.
You're very carefully.
All right. Thanks.
They'll take you.
I'll hide under the bed.
It's my best advice.
Especially with Thursday being the second anniversary in 9-11.
Almost as exciting as the anniversary at the Y2K thing.
Everybody remembers that.
Oh, yeah.
Huh?
The end of the world.
It's the end of the world on what is it?
Why?
2K.
I wish I would have said that's true about that P.
Why?
Why?
36 or whatever it was.
All the mileage.
That hormone.
Oh, it was good.
Anyway, 1256, and that was usually says at the end, oh, it was good.
Don't forget research shows fat is an organ.
Guides new research explained ruined diets, and here's the pictures in the national post today, the secret life of fat.
This is force-winning, high city.
2 a.m.
I'm Boris Bathanov.
Since Phelous neither has one Natasha and I know long to have to look for a motion squatter.
Instead, we listen to the near-roger's parent imbalance, one to two hour.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh
I know where to go, that's why I'm asking you, Joe.
I'm talking to the man in the gold.
I'm asking him to know it's a change.
But he answered, look, boy, I just told you.
If you want to run to beach, you've got all the main coasts,
this means only excites.
Take up, leading with the man in the gold.
I'm begging him to march from shame.
But he answered, look, how I just told you.
You've got all you got to an element.
If you can't go up, we'll exit Jesus' land.
And I'm out of stock. I have to cross the river.
I need it. I'm dying.
I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying.
Come on, so long, hey Joe.
I'm dying. I'm dying. Come on, hey Joe.
Feel the change.
Anyway, I want to ask you a question about Michael Jackson,
in a second, but first, you know what, you just fact me?
What?
Former Captain 40 wasn't in team's plans, Doug Gilmore expected
to retire for keeps today.
Yeah.
And about the fact that Toronto Maple Leafs have called a news conference
Monday at 1 p.m.
As a teammates, love and admire him, the moles was hard.
That's great.
There's Ty dummy. I mean, dummy.
Not all of us can make those moves, and the passes are Doug makes.
Doug Gilmore 40, recovering from the injury, he's the retiring today.
Nice queer Doug.
Oh, right.
But time to hang it up.
Okay. We don't need no more old aging Fuddy-duddies, all right, Dougie?
Like Phil, how is Liam O'House, other guys who can't play no mo?
Anyway, the Michael Jackson thing, I just want to make sure I don't think this is it.
Now, you know the one I'm talking about, the one that I had to ask Bob Green about to the tune of We Are the World?
What is the name of that? I can't find it nowhere.
Where are the rest?
Huh?
The Michael Jackson tour.
That's a good question.
It's got to be in here.
What is that called?
Maybe Eric knows what it's called, or at least witches.
Any income to me?
Willa?
Yeah.
There's Ty dummy.
He and his wife Amy have been very active work in the community.
Good. That's good.
Ty five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
I really wanted to play that there, but you know the man in the tool, it's okay.
Sony music, screaming about pet of files online and child pornography will be like Greg Reed sharing a meeting about sexual harassment in a workplace.
Here's Pompano. Hello.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
I got a couple of suggestions for you.
Can we seem to be pedoring out here?
One of them I can't believe is none on there in one marginal.
But before I do, I got to say something about this BDI born again, Boso that we got for president.
You know I actually find myself rooting for the Dow to drop and for the jobless rate to go up just so that I'm sure that he's out of here.
Oh yeah, because heaven forbid that the economy makes this unexpected rebound.
And so we can get off the hook by saying see all those tax cuts to the rich really work and it trickle down your leg and everything's coming up roses.
Yeah, and I'm jobless and I get money in the market.
Right.
All right, two suggestions for the fall.
I can't believe that this is supposedly the most popular character worldwide ever on television.
Oh my god.
Oh, Colombo. Of course.
That should be definitely.
Well, they've been pretty weak today.
They've been very weak today.
They've been very weak today.
They've been very weak today.
They've been very weak today.
They've been very weak today.
They've been very weak today.
They've been very weak today.
They've been very weak today.
They've been very weak today.
They've been very weak today.
They've been very weak today.
They've been very weak today.
They've been very weak today.
How do you like that?
Got them?
Got them.
56670560.
Now you'll notice that the overwhelming majority of these, well, maybe not.
Maybe I'm getting a little curious.
Now I think so.
Most of these that we've had suggest they are like movie characters, not TV.
Right.
Which don't you find that a little bit strange because TV characters are like, you know,
it's recurring like the famous shows they stay on for years and years as opposed to like movies.
There aren't really all that many sequels.
There are a few, you know, like Star Wars, Star Trek, whatever.
But there just aren't that many sequels relatively spicken.
So once you find a little peculiar, maybe TV maybe that tells you how bad TV is.
It's bad.
How about canon fodder for your father, for your father?
Now we're not putting canon on there.
I just like the William Conrad.
I thought he was neat.
I thought he was glad.
Of course, you don't watch any of those.
So why would you watch Colombo?
You don't watch Colombo either, right?
If I was going to watch a cop show, it wouldn't be about a fat Baldwin.
Or a guy with one eye.
Pop by in a trench coat.
Watch out for those old guys in the trench coat.
56670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Lake Worth. Hello.
Hey Neil, good afternoon.
And good afternoon to you.
You were talking about this Internet pornography stuff.
There was a very interesting case of a man that lives right here in South Florida
where all the other scum originates.
Oh my God.
He was doing websites and he was basing the websites on typos that people would make,
like teletubbies.
He would have a website that would be one letter off.
And he would lure kids to these sites.
And he'd get 25 cents per hit on each site from these companies.
And they busted them down here in South Florida.
He was pulling down a million bucks a year.
Jesus.
And John Ashcroft, I saw something on ABCW.
And he's now going after the vendors of the videos and toys, the legitimate vendors.
And they're going to go after these videos as being obscene.
And they're trying their first aid.
Is this more obscene or less obscene of those breast-ups that he covered up?
I mean, I don't even know what constitute obscene.
I mean, a porno is a porno.
And the guy, you know, the guy that's getting sued, he's like, look, I'm not forcing anybody to buy it.
You know, you have to have a credit card.
You have to have a credit card.
You have to have a page, you know, verified.
But this is the first time, the first case.
So this is going to be the precedent.
This guy's actually going to quote you, the big vendor out in California.
And they're going after him to try and shut him down.
And it's going to be really scary to see what happens.
Because like you said, as long as it doesn't involve children, I mean, who cares?
Right.
And the first thing John Ashcroft cares because he doesn't want us all to rot in hell.
No, no, no.
And I'm going to say this for myself.
And those statues with the naked boobs hanging out.
And also to answer a question that one of your callers had in regards to all of this war and everything.
And when you call us asked how we're going to pay for it, it's very simple.
They're borrowing the money.
And that's why the deficit is going way up.
Because all of this money is not money that we actually have.
It's money that we're just adding to the deficit.
So we're just borrowing it.
If these people, like myself, I got $800 from my two kids, I didn't need it.
I gladly would have said, hey, you take it back for all I care.
I don't need it.
That money is not a tax break per se.
That money is an advance on the taxes.
So no matter how you want to look at it, eventually you're going to be getting 800 bucks less down the road.
And that's how that works.
And a lot of people just think that that's money that the government's going to give you.
No, they're giving it to you this year.
But over the course of the next few years, it's going to come back out of your taxes.
So really all it is is an advance on your money.
And all the rest of the money that they're going to spend on this abortion of a war is simply going to borrow it.
And that's why the deficit is just ballooning.
It's going to be the biggest one that we ever had.
You're all handed to them though, and just two years to be able to come in and take a $2 trillion surplus
and turn it into a $500 billion deficit.
And you know what?
The President Clinton had put it on such the right path.
And I know Al Gore, for you know, I know you're not a big Gore fan, but you know what?
He was another one that said that he wanted to keep the budget balanced.
And you know what? Within four years of his term, we would be at a zero deficit.
Right.
The problem with Gore was he couldn't win a first election.
That was the problem.
No, I understand.
But you know, and last of all, I don't know how the Panthers are going to survive this year without people who are ill.
Have a great day, pal.
Low comments, see.
Of course, I will say this.
There won't be anything for the people to be screaming about because that was the one thing.
Hey, come on, we're all hit somebody.
Come on.
And that was the bigger segment because the team basically sucked.
And I don't know what the hell, I don't know what to say because it's the ticket prices continue.
They didn't raise them, but they're still outrageous.
And they're going to put a very mediocre product out there barring some miracle that happens before the season started,
which I don't know who the hell are going to get those left.
It's going to be bad.
It's going to be bad.
You know what I'm saying, George?
It's going to be outrageous.
Right.
But that's okay because you know, you got your little core fans.
How many season tickets we got this year?
About 30, man.
Research shows fat is an organ.
Yeah, how do you know who I need to find?
Who?
The organ.
You have to find them on the street.
I need to find the organ grinder.
Yeah.
You're one of this organ.
No, I said on the throne meeting this door this morning it was a real fly opener.
I'll get to get to it.
12 minutes after one at 560 WQM, the hostile hysterical mad dog at two,
he's going to be wound up like an alarm clock today.
You just know he's pissed off and fired up.
After that incredible, unbelieveable loss yesterday to a little teeny tiny girls team from who knows where,
from probably Lubric, Texas.
Once a little children, another one over the age of 10.
If you've got a really crappy job, if you're underpaid, if you feel like you're working your ass off and getting nowhere,
like you're on a treadmill, underappreciated by some asshole boss,
which is the case in most of the most of life, how'd you like to have yourself a new high-paying career
thanks to getting some skills at fast train.
Call fast train today and change your life.
Call 1-866 fast train.
They can have you trained and certified before years end.
And the demand for computer professionals is continuing to grow.
There's no end in sight.
So there's no of a better time than right now to get you out of your run end to a new high-paying career.
Just as Todd Drak, he'll tell you what his scam.
He's got pulling a QYM.
You can make even more money than he is.
Fast train offers job placement assistance convenient to evening weekend schedules.
And now six Florida locations including Foreign South Florida.
So there's bound to be one convenient for where you live.
Fast train offers you financial assistance.
So pick up the phone and call fast train today.
Tool free 1-866 fast train.
You got nothing to lose but that dead end job.
1-866 fast train.
First check them out on the web at fast train.com.
And then make that Tool free call and ask away.
It's 1-866 fast train.
My name is Local.
Here's Sports Radio 560s.
You are UAM.
Coming next year, the King of Thought.
Predator your hometown.
To arrange a benefit the Cardinal Classy School.
For wayward boys, if Michael Jackson.
You're the most beautiful ladies and picky.
I've got a very special time.
Michael Jackson's gonna make you a heart.
Because I've found you any child.
It's no matter if he's that alright.
Michael Jackson.
Yes, Michael performs all of his great hits.
From oldies with the Jackson 5.
They're playing the ABC.
I'm gong down on my knees.
We're moving the dumb goof haze.
ABC, thought of me.
Baby, you and me.
That's right.
From the timeless tunes of the Jackson 5.
To the classic solo work,
Michael Jackson's benefit to her aims to please.
The people left the room are so pretty.
Thought you've been an aisle.
Some call me big brother, some are better.
File.
And let's know what true to file.
I just sit for a while and beat it.
Beat it.
I'm hot.
I ain't beat it.
Beat it.
Beat it.
Michael Jackson.
Sometimes I'm through the press that I just sit around.
So can we be for a call from a call you call again?
When I'm home and home,
I said make it by the phone.
I ain't beat it.
Beat it.
And be one of the five lucky boys
to receive backstage passes
to hang out in Michael Jackson's pressing.
Michael Jackson's benefit show.
Hey, yeah, Michael.
Yes, Bobby.
Is that your real skin color?
It's inside the counts.
But I know a game that we can play to find out.
And see if you fly.
You know, it's time for free, Willie.
Say, say, what you want,
but you know who I do the best.
But we don't know how to read.
But then don't always give me a reaction.
And hear the rousing finale.
Yes, Michael sings the song he wrote for the show
and of the world with the Vienna Boys choir back in him up.
I don't like girls.
I like real children.
They are the ones who turn me on and hate.
I hope they will live.
It's a choice of making.
I like school, they are life.
But it's true, they make you greatest name.
And they are just fine.
Here are other great Michael Jackson classics.
White Billy's James.
Do you know how to tell time?
And of course, smooth criminal.
Yes, it's Michael Jackson's tour.
To benefit the Carnival Classy School.
For the wayward boys, get your tickets now.
Boys and your ten of them are free when a copy bind no one.
Black, they're white.
They really really tight.
Black, they're white.
They really really tight.
Here, Connie Matoni was really pissed off.
We didn't find that.
So I dug and dug 1994 best of the old son.
How do you like that?
It'll be in my DCS momentarily.
Like right after the show, how do you like their maples?
All right.
That's a classic. That's one of the all-time greats.
And I think they didn't really slip through their cracks.
That would be really bad.
Don't want to be losing it.
Doug Gilmore retires by the way old number 93.
There he is.
So thanks for the memories.
This thing you just facts me.
This is sensational.
I love my country.
I hate my president by James C. Moore.
It's a call for a Bush's brain.
How Carl Rove made George W. Bush president.
I should read this, you know.
Don't have time right now though.
Do I?
Can I read this in seven minutes, you think?
Yeah.
Okay.
It's like three minutes.
It is?
I'll give it a shot by James C. Moore.
He says, when President Nixon died, I was assigned to travel to California in report on the funeral for a group of TV stations.
Although your Belinda is beautiful with a kind of appeal at strawmillions to Southern California,
I wasn't interested in being a journalist at the funeral.
Sure, this was history, but I despised Richard Dixon.
His lust for power has absolutely distressed the public, nearly destroyed our country's constitution.
I think God even had some feelings about Nixon for the first time in your Belinda's recorded history.
He all fell a half a foot in a few minutes just before the urologies were to begin.
After our satellite trucks have been rattled and our rental cars dented,
the historical revisionist began to march depoting to try to find good things to say,
every man of course should have friends to speak of him and his passing, but they should speak the truth.
Let the opinions of his enemies also be heard.
None of Nixon's was spoken for, and they were many and manifest all across America.
Another report, knowing that I'd come of age during the Vietnamese and Watergate Air,
is asked me what I thought about the former president being gone.
I tried to remain ambivalent, but it wasn't easy.
It's not a good thing to be happy about somebody else's death, I told her,
but I certainly won't miss him.
No wonder I think we're our country.
I know a lot of very patriotic people who, if they were here, would ask to open the casket
so that they could drive a stake through his heart to make certain he was dead.
I gave him to dark, tasteless humor, but it was true Nixon had scared and angered people
and we had no president before ever had.
I wasn't certain my country was going to survive his lives until I heard the reassuring Timber and Congresswoman Barbara Jordan's voices,
she said, my faith in the constitution is whole.
But only despised Richard Nixon, I never hated him.
I've never known what it is to like to hate anyone until now,
until George W. Bush became president.
I hate Mr. Bush and what he's doing to my country.
I can't believe the range of duplicities involved in his administration,
he gratuitous lying to serve profit and political purpose.
As the president lies about it, rack lies about the economy, lies about the environment, lies about his tax cut,
lies about the education bill, lies about the budget, lies about his real interest in Africa,
lies about how the hell of burden is destroying the American public's faith in the democratic process.
Mr. Bush has done things in my name and yours which repulsed me.
I have no doubt that Saddam Hussein's two sons needed to be brought to justice,
but I was disgusted that my country gave sponsor to the notion of showing their dead faces on TV,
is though that might reassure the Iraqis.
This was the modern international equivalent of brutal tribes placing their conquerors' foes head on a spike in the town square.
I despised the way Mr. Bush general Rumsfeld and all of the Neocons had developed a military plan
that sent our brave soldiers to secure oil fields,
rather than protecting the people of Iraq, the institutions of their culture and commerce,
which Saddam Hussein had been misusing for decades.
The president and his cynic-in-chief Carl Rover are using a manufactured war to keep Americans scared,
and it's working, but I'm ashamed that the president of my country would go back to the UN,
the very organization he ignored when he launched the war, to ask help in securing Iraq.
Mr. Bush grew up in West Texas where billboards dot the Permian Basin Landscape with a message,
what US out of UN, and because Roe wants to keep the fundamentalist right happy,
Mr. Bush made clear that he would act without the imprimatur of the UN,
and now he has the audacity to seek its help.
I'm reposted by my president. He allowed the drums of war to get hammered over aluminum tubes,
which were never meant for anything more deadly than the making of rockets.
The whole notion of the tubes being part of the construction of a set-of-fusion,
been refuted by several international organizations including America's own Lawrence Livermore Laboratories,
14 months before the story was leaked away from cliently Z. U.S. media.
The tubes were the construction of Medusa 81 rockets, and a tight-in-designed weapon.
Everybody in the intelligence community knew it and rove in a white house,
and the US Iraq group sent out orders that government intelligence experts
were to keep their mouth shut about the sending information.
I'm ashamed of the actions that my president's allowed to take place,
and our democracy invested her Joseph Wilson and his wife,
as per most of their lives in service to our country.
When he was asked by the State Department to check on claims that Iraq had tried to acquire
uranium from Niger, and Ambassador Wilson came back to report that documentation was a complete fake.
The White House ignored his intelligence, and the president put the claim in his speech.
Wilson was devoted his life to the truth, wrote an op-ed piece in the Times,
and not too many weeks later discovered that calmness Robert Novak was revealing his wife's name
and her undercover responsibilities for the CIA. Novak has long been Carl Roves' favorite leak.
During the presidential campaign, where reporters began talking about Mr. Bush's time in the Texas National Guard,
Roves suggested you guys shouldn't make too much of a few missed meetings.
A few days later, during a discussion on the issue on CNN's crossfire,
Novak told other commentators they were getting carried away over a few missed meetings.
His Roves conserved a hand puppet.
By leaking Ambassador Wilson's wife's name to Novak and by Novak running a column about her,
Carl Roves has committed treason, violated the National Security Act, and should be brought to justice,
as surely and swiftly as Osama bin Laden ought to be.
All of the undercover operatives Mrs. Wilson dealt with during her career up overseas,
many of the Americans and our risk of being killed by the arms dealers,
who thought they were something other than CIA agents.
There are too many lies, too many transgressions to list.
Richard Nixon and a less cynical error told only one.
And we were also supposedly a fronter supremely affronted by what he did to our democracy.
George W. Bush and Carl Roves told dozens each one of the more damaging than lying about the break-in of a political headquarters,
and he has built Clinton live, but nobody died.
He told an all-too-common me a lie about consensual sex,
but he did not send the sons and daughters of America marching off the war wearing the boots of a well-tolled lie.
George W. Bush's one-term will mark a low point in our country's history,
but if we pay closer attention and we vote we can recover,
I love my country, but I hate my president.
Written by James C. Moore, author of Bush's Brain,
how Carl Roves made George W. Bush presidential outstanding.
Thanks to whoever facts that, I beg your pardon?
It was five minutes, I liked it.
Well, not but at least before the break, we've got to get the commercials in, man.
I don't like this, you know, start and stop stuff, you know what that's all about.
I don't like going to interrupt this ejaculitis.
Once I start, I like sweeping it right on through.
How's that pull coming?
Who is the greatest fictional character in movies or TV of all time?
James Bond hands down your pants 134 Superman 47.
He could fly, Darth Vader 40, Archie Bunker 36,
Sherlock Holmes 33, Indiana Jones 32.
Michael Corleone 22, Batman 17, Dracula 14,
Tybald Bugs Bunny, Mad Max XI, everybody else in single digits, small taters.
26th actor, one Doug Yelma retires,
and the Leafs will not be wasted money on number 93 this year.
That's good.
Nice career, Doug. Thanks for the memories.
Thanks for all the good stuff. Go away.
Hey, if you're trying to make that weight go away,
if you're on the Atkins, Vader, and the other low carb diets like that,
what does she call it?
Suzy Summers, a summer sizing, a super-substant diet.
What is it?
Oh, that's the one she put her kids on.
It's the underwater diet.
Anyway, if you're on a low carb diet, you'll love this story that we always talk about.
The lights of Westbulka, because it's the store for you.
The number one low carb sugar fee you store in the universe.
Over 900, is Skippy ever going to get me a new copy for this?
No.
Or just ask him.
With over 900 low carb sugar free products,
the lights of Westbulka is introducing new ones all the time like.
Their new low carb instant cup of soup.
What you do is add a little water to it, pop it into microwaves,
it's a low carb meal on the cup, and four delicious flavors.
Be sure and try.
There's fantastic low carb muffins for a quick breakfast,
and they've got all kinds of good stuff, low carb hot cocoa.
You're in the individual size cheesecake, apple cider, blondies, brownies.
How about blondies?
And don't forget the lights and credible selection of low carb pasta's,
sauces, dressings, chips, chocolates, their world famous carbolite ice cream,
the brand new Judy's low carb peanut brittle,
the carbolite rated drink chocolate vanilla shakes,
it's a low carb meal on the can, and the at last.
And literally you'll be saying thank goodness that last chocolate crisp
and chocolate mint bars with no malt at all.
So those of you with a sensitive stomach like I got,
don't be spending half the day on the throne.
The lights of Westbulka, for all you dieters out there,
it's a godsend, and all the Ecken's brand products are on sale.
All day, every day, they're open daily 10 to 10.
You'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441,
next to Boston Market.
If you want more info, just call them toll free at 1-877 Low Carb,
or shop them on the web at lowcarb.com.
The lights of Westbulka truly be your official Atkins retail center.
I'm Dianna Leigh-Egg!
I'm Dianna Leigh-Egg!
Hold on, don't lie, all the heartburn.
Don't don't, don't every time I see, don't know, don't know, don't know,
that free card if you wish.
Don't don't, don't know, don't know, don't know,
the night TV, please, president comes,
I don't know why they won't want to survive, but now he's easier.
First through the next four years, with President Thump's ****.
Oh, what I did to go both on small and get to we all voted for.
Oh, what if you want this?
Don't know the lips drumming stupidly.
Don't know the bones and this drug it rich kid.
Don't know the easy than numbers in me.
Peace President Thump's ****.
Yeah, don't care what it's up.
You got him in my hooker for us with a Christian.
Oh, I know what's best for you and I, but how come don't fear?
We've got a great leader here.
With President Thump's ****.
President Thump's ****.
One of the stories we get on the website is a weekend act camera which they was.
69% of Americans think that the rack had something to do with 911.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So what's the hope?
What's the chance?
You know, maybe that we, but you know, is the poll results are changing slowly.
Maybe we're just a little bit slow to catch on, but they're finally getting there.
You know, I'm eating for lunch right now.
I give up a lukewarm weiner.
Don't understand a chalala Jose.
What?
No, that's my lunch.
Yeah.
Yeah, what?
And you're dinner?
No.
What does that mean?
In other words, that's all I'm supposed to eat all day.
Weiner's.
I said weiner's not tube steak.
Oh, God.
Thanks to Sandy, by the way.
Any norfakers for the fact that you just passed one about the ransom?
Almost what happened.
I think it was Friday.
I'm not sure that they sealed up all the things.
Well, finally, I'll get a report this afternoon and see how my friends at Crispy Critters are doing.
I never told you this story.
I told you part of the story about the ATM people, which I thank them very much by the way
and maybe we'll be calling them, I don't know.
But Crispy Critters was like kind of dragging their feet on coming out and doing a closing
up all the entry points because they're so damn busy.
Right.
And so finally, and they were supposed to show up.
And this day, an at day, and they weren't showing up and all they were doing was getting more
rats and charging per rat that they caught, which like I said, I thought was kind of like shooting fish in a barrel.
And so John finally called her and said, well, you don't know who you're really dealing with because you know
the real name is such and such, but this happens to be Neorodges and he's on a radio and unless you want,
which I thought he really pushed up a lot of doing it.
And they were there in an hour.
Huh.
Yeah.
They were stolen.
Wow, we're really backed up.
I'm really busy and so a lot of work.
And they were there in an hour.
So all my friends at Crispy Critters, I hope you do a really good job.
I don't want to see rats no more.
And that's it.
That's the name of that tune, okay?
Because that whole thing of just, you know, putting, putting the honey out there to whatever it is,
the peanut butter and just enticing them to come in.
That, that to me doesn't seem like a really good idea, you know?
No.
It's like kind of opening up all your doors in the summertime and all the screen doors and,
oh, gee, I got skaters in the house.
Get the honey tune, yeah.
Exactly.
Here's a call from Coral Springs.
Hello?
Yeah.
Neorodges.
Yes, sir.
Hi, how are you doing?
Great.
I love you being in Toronto.
I was, I'm from Buffalo and I used to go to Toronto and party my ass off, as a matter of fact,
I ended up at Sunshine University Hospital down at the end of the Bloor Street there.
But there's a few that you didn't mention, the three stooges for the fall.
Yeah, but that's like three people.
Are you talking about Mo?
That's a loop.
Mo, how are you giving them?
Mo, how are you giving them?
I'm not talking about Mo.
Okay.
Okay.
All right, then.
How about Charlie Chan?
Charlie Chan's good.
Oh, I get it.
There was another one that was made into a whole bunch of movies and that was with,
I believe, with Mirna Lloyd and Paul and where they got killed.
You were like, hey, the thin man.
The thin man.
Yeah.
I can't believe George remembers that.
That was before George was born.
Well, there was a great series of movies.
Right.
And...
But it won't get no votes.
But I guess, I guess, the thief last night when he was talking on our television,
it gave me time to clean the toilets.
But...
But, but...
But haven't read today.
Okay.
He's a little tongue-tied.
Thank you, sir.
That was a good one, Charlie Chan, right?
Yeah, I do know.
Probably, you know, this guy was a little bit tongue-tied.
Let's see.
Oh, here you go.
How about Jim Rockford?
The Rockford files.
What do you think?
No.
Yeah.
It says, I wish I owned every episode.
The ones with Stuart Marble and were the best.
Stuart Marble and...
It's a good suggestion, Dan, but I, again, he says, for crying out loud.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Don't get so upset, Dan.
It's just for fun.
It's just a little pole, okay?
Just to kill some time on a boring Monday in South Florida.
Ha.
Here's one that says, I thought one of the greatest lines from a movie,
Three Days of the Condor, was uttered by Joe Turner.
The Robert Redford played character here to Higgins.
The Cliff Robertson played character when he said,
The problem with you guys, the CIA, is that you think not getting caught in lies is the same as telling the truth.
Maybe that's where George W. gets his speech strategy from.
That's a possibility.
Although, when are they going to start not telling a lie?
Here's one that says, I disappointed in David.
Uh-oh.
Well, see, if you're pleasing everybody out there, just like this show,
and one of these days we will start doing some good radio, but not soon.
If you're pleasing everybody, you're doing something wrong.
Right.
Because that means you're bored.
Right.
Just like George, he must be doing a lot right when he fills in,
because God, he pisses off tons of people.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Like everybody.
A high percentage of the audience.
But third, man.
Yeah.
Oh, I think I'm choking on that weiner.
Oh, God, I hate doing that.
Yeah, that's new.
It is.
Ah.
Don't confuse me with Marilyn Chambers, okay?
Orlander Lovelier.
I don't think there's any chance of that.
Do you never know?
I might dress up as a iceberg time.
Disappointed in David writes, I realize I'm probably in the minority
with the opinion, but I hate the feral show.
How do you like that?
I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal his two back.
Okay.
Tom Down.
You just, as you'd expect with a voice-o greeting,
that it sounds like he's a pack of cigarettes and a couple of cocktails away from a learn-
injector.
They're infected me.
He would at least be entertaining as what it says.
Anyway, he says, as for me, I don't care about your package or your girlfriend's wreck.
I don't want your tickets and you're not funny, but anything is better than Mo Wig.
There you go.
See, one thing about Perrell, even if people will hate him, say, hey, I don't like what he's doing.
I can't stand his voice, but it's a big improvement over the moment.
He comes in.
Everybody in town's got open arms and legs waiting for anything.
Any alternative.
Please, just like that thing I hate to bird.
I hate the moment.
And they do.
They hate him.
And let me say it again.
All you dove fans out there, it's the mo curse.
The curse of the moment.
Because the football gods know that you really got a jet fan and the whole family, a bunch of jet fans.
You got a jet fan there, a pretend he's a wolf and sheep's clothing, which is why he keeps picking those dingleberries.
Because when a sheep has got that long hair, you know, you have the wool.
And every, no, I'm telling you they got the long wool and every time they do a, the good dingleberries caught on.
Like a cat, one of those long-haired cats.
Ooh.
So that's the story with a moment.
Now if we get Bill Zimper back, then that often might step it up a little bit.
I just mentioned that in passing.
I'm just thinking out loud, you know what I mean?
Absolutely.
136 votes for James Bond, the greatest fictional character in movies or TV.
Superman 49.
No contest, James Bond.
Darth Vader 42.
Archie Bunker 38.
Why haven't played no all in the family bits?
Remind me.
Don't forget.
Indiana Jones, what?
Indiana Jones 36.
Sherlock Holmes 33.
That's pretty good.
Michael Coyleone 22.
Yeah, I mean his, is the actor, his performances there were gay, but the character itself is, you know what I mean?
That's not good.
I was not saying all that great.
The character was good, but quite frankly, if I was going to really pick a character from the Godfather,
movies even though he was only in the first one, it would have to be the Godfather.
Right?
Sonny, I voted Sonny when we took that poll.
You think Sonny was the, forget about which one you laid for.
Sonny was the best character in that movie?
Well, again, what's the criteria?
Best based on...
That's what I'm gonna make.
That's what your brain is going to suck.
Yeah.
Although I still do enjoy...
The thing you've brought your brains all over your nice, Cypher leaks suit.
Every time.
The thing you've brought your brains all over your nice, Cypher leaks suit.
I love it.
I also like the very short line, two words when he said, I'll wait.
I'll wait.
Remembering this on a phone, getting out of the little hole.
I'll wait.
I'll wait.
The troll that thing was temper, you're Sonny.
Superman 49, Darth Vader 43, Archie Bunker 36.
I'm repeating myself.
I had a Jones 36, Sherlock Holmes 33, Michael Corleone 22, Bugs Bunny 18, Batman 17, to the Batmobile.
And what do you think, Dick Grayson and Bruce Wayne were doing up there?
What do you think Bruce was doing with Dick?
Sliding up and down poles.
Dracula 60, Mad Max 1230, Harry 10, Captain Kirk 9, Inspector Clousseau 9, Spider-Man 7, Fred Sandford 6, Mr. Spock 6, Rocky 4, Wonder Woman 4, Bullwinkle J. Moose 4, say?
He have little faith.
Godzilla 4, Tarzan 3, 3 for Freddie Krueger, 3 for George Jefferson, Frankenstein's got 3.
Norman Bates 3, Rambo 201, and no votes for King Kong, Colombo or the Fugitive.
And we have yet to get Charlie Chin on there, but Eric will momentarily trust me.
Or else?
18, they'll 2, 5, 60 WDQM by now.
You've been here to talk for a long time about Lamin and Saras and how Lamin-Aid and Woodfloring from Lamin and Saras is the smart, the easy, the low maintenance alternative to very expensive natural wood flooring.
Lamin and Saras is the best place for you to find Lamin-Aid and Woodfloring from the top names in the industry, Peridor, Pergo, Wilson Art, Unifloor and Krista.
They've got all the top names all installed by Pergo certified installers too.
Here's another really good reason why you have to be calling Lamin and Saras, their prices will flow either unbeatable.
Right now you can get their September kickoff special for just $1995.
That's correct, as 1995 gets you up to 380 square feet of beautiful Lamin and Woodfloring.
It is positively unbelievable.
Lamin and Saras will match any legitimate written offer too if you want a free in a home estimate call Lamin and Saras toll free.
Tell them that old Krustiniel told you to call 1-877-773336.
What could be easier?
You get free carpet disposal, free furniture moving, a 25 year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy care Lamin and Wood flooring.
What's not to like?
Call Lamin and Saras today toll free 1-877-773336.
My life and love this is for real by city.
You are here.
Program, I urge everyone to complain to this station.
That's my opinion, I'm like Disney.
Saturday night on CBS, eat it is back from the dead.
It's the 20th anniversary of all of the family.
All looky dead.
If you need a job, Jolly Wee.
Oh daddy, don't be such a poochie.
I wonder if it happened to my little girl.
Look at this. Why don't you push yourself away from the table, huh?
Maybe have a salad once in a while.
Daddy, don't you know how many of the world's people have never had a decent meal?
A gen with a charity speelot.
Well, it's true.
So why don't you send them the bones from the turkey you had for breakfast?
Oh, what a move.
Why do we get so cheap?
I swear.
If I thought she was pushing on days, he's mind.
Oh, now watching.
The last episode was all a bad dream.
He seemed so bad to me.
Look, who was your back there, baby?
It was today, you know, if you can get me an ad-be.
That's 20th anniversary of all of the family.
Saturday night on CBS.
Brought to you by IBS Home Correspondent School,
where you can learn auto mechanics, get repair, and back to the day.
I will stop more people.
146 at 560 WQA.
Don't let me forget about that fat thing.
Don't forget.
Here is the moral gable.
So long.
All right.
Is that our whole music, or are they playing like a little amenity for us?
Yeah, it's our whole.
I see.
Here's amateur.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I think Ralph Cramden was one of the longest list characters that I can remember on any kind of show at all.
Yeah, that's good.
And he was just entertaining.
Okay, thank you.
Ralph Cramden, we got him on there.
Good.
How about Lucy?
No.
What about her?
She don't belong on the list?
Sure, I guess.
Well, geez.
I mean, no response, especially, you know, I thought that's right.
Maybe he didn't rub off on her.
Lucy, Ralph Cramden and Lucy, come on, get with it.
Research shows fat is an organ.
I got to get to this before we run out of time.
This is so, a movie, an important thing.
And it's not about diets.
It's about why you might want to go on one.
Is Cramden with a K?
No, it's with a C.
Maybe with a special K.
God.
Is Cramden with a K?
Ralph Cramden, Lucy, Lucy.
Oh, Jesus, too bad that they're both dead.
You know who I would have loved to see performed together?
Can I give you a clue?
It's an A.
It's an A.
It's an A.
It's an A.
It's an A.
It's an A.
It's an A.
It's an A.
It's an A.
It's an A.
It's an A.
It's an A.
If the end, in the anatomy textbooks, the major organs are easy to find.
The liver is always brown.
The spleen is green.
The heart is red and the small intestine is squeezed like a row of sausages in the abdomen.
But one of the prints of the organs, present in close to 50% of North American men and women, is missing.
You know what it is?
Fat.
Fat cells are the color of jaundice.
Greasy and thousands of times bigger than other cells.
The average adult is close to 35 billion fat cells or epitocytes.
Does that say that right?
No, not at the dipocytes.
At the dipocytes, a number that balloons as high as 275 but in the very obese like fat boy.
But she's got a trillion.
It was the accepted wisdom that these cells live quite lives as the body's cushion, insulation, and fuel tanks.
But in recent years, scientists have been stundler and that fat is very busy indeed.
It was your fat busy?
Oh, it's working like crazy.
When fat cells accumulated in a large enough mass, they begin pumping out a toxic array of chemical signals.
It's a nasty soup that comes from our fat cells, since Daniel Drucker, University of Toronto researcher.
Many scientists now consider fat and endocrine organ like the pancreas and nobody will ever want to transplant.
This explains why having a big pot belly often foreshadow such woes as diabetes, cancer, and hardened arteries.
Think of it as a tumor, since another researcher, one that's caused by soft drinks and french fries and all of these things.
If more people realize their love handles are in fact toxic, they might work harder to get rid of the experts believe,
our new understanding of the secret life of fat has transformed the field of obesity research,
scientists now understand that blocking the molecular signals that fat transmits to the brain and body could lead to a thin pill,
and that could be worth billions of dollars.
Let's invent it this week.
It's almost like a gold rush now said David Lau, a University of Calgary, an endocrinologist and president of obesity Canada,
a nonprofit research organization.
Everyone's looking for the magic bullet.
And it goes on and on about leptin and about a beep, but it says,
a little fat is essential to human survival in normal amounts fat cells make, I can't read these words.
A different neckton.
You know what that is?
No, why do you do that?
It's a beneficial hormone that makes the body more sensitive to insulin, but too much of a good thing can kill.
A never ending apple lines have news that he shows that when large numbers of fat cells accumulate, especially in the belly,
creating the dreaded apple-shaped body, oh oh, they begin to see creating chemicals known as dippokines, many of which trigger disease.
For example, and a dippopinose resistant, resistance to insulin believe it caused blood sugar levels in the body to rise, leading to the type of due diabetes.
It's a huge epidemic in the world, it's as Bernie Zim in director of the leadership sign I set up for diabetes at Mount Sinah Hospital in Sramano.
And it goes on about diabetes, accumulations of fat also churn out numerous tumor necrosis factor, alpha, NFT, NTF-A.
See, I think the age is just under it only in Canada.
It's NTF-A, which causes rheumatoid arthritis and C-reactive protein, which is linked to atherosclerosis and heart disease.
This explains why obese people are often stricken with multiple health problems, which often vanish when they lose weight.
How do you like that? I'm saving this.
I'm saving this because my fat is working overtime.
I went to neuro-resistence, I was thinking about losing weight.
I stepped on scale, and I got a measure in sight.
But second way to make it raster is only so much that we can do.
I think life or subject may be the only thing for you.
I'm a subject of fat, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain
I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain inside of me I'm my pain, I'm a pain I'm a pain I'm a pain, and I'm no pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, a pain, I'm a harm, a pain dagger with no eye, I'm a pain, I'm the pain, I'm the pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, of pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm a pain, I'm
What the f*** are you doing?
Hey, son, where you around me?
Of course I could.
156 and 560 WQM.
This woman is away from the angry mad puppy.
There's sterical humble.
He's going to be pissed off today.
You can just smell her, can't you?
Oh, is that what I'm saying?
No, I can't even begin to imagine
how psychotic he must have been at that.
I mean, I was just out of the blue out of nowhere, you know?
It would be like when the next book comes out and we get like a point one.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, that would be bad.
It would be bad.
How about a point two?
Here's Pinecrest, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, how are we on?
Pretty good.
Hey, what are you going to tell me?
What's better, the black or the Jewish meat you're eating?
Wow, that was pretty clever.
Here's Miami, hello.
Uncle Neil, grab it.
Yes, sir.
One for your poor, no pun intended.
That last guy was a real scum.
That's George.
Eleven.
Eleven, most not bad.
He's like in the top ten.
Two other things.
One, I'm converted, George.
Absolutely converted me this summer, George, I'm a fan.
And last but not least, having just got back from Tallahassee,
it's absolutely endemic what's going on between the Bush family.
What the brother does in Washington, the other brother does worse down here in Florida.
Right.
But one interesting tidbit that I did get is that the rest of the Bush family
cannot stand the first lady of the state of Florida.
Really?
Yes.
How long ago?
Exactly.
A parking in embarrassment that she's created for her husband.
Maybe she didn't smarter than any gift back when she came back that time.
They can be as inclusive as they want.
But the truth of the matter is that she is not what the family's made up.
And they're not happy about it.
And the brother's not happy about it either.
I'll go ahead.
This comes from a very good source.
God bless now.
Thank God that Neil Bush didn't go through a real smelly nasty divorce, too.
And have a great day.
Okay.
Yeah, these are the, see, this is what always happens.
You know, the ones, oh, we're born again.
We're better than everybody else.
We're compassionate, fascist, and all of a sudden, bull.
Crappin, then you find out they've got 80 million skeletons in their closet.
And who knows?
He might still be drinking heavily, you know?
To be acting the way he is, you're almost sure.
So many is.
And of course, the old nose problem, all of these things.
Synthesis?
He's got a little son.
Maybe I should send him to Dr. Hampton, in case you clear up his sinus problem.
If we could just breathe, you know what I'm saying?
If we could just breathe a little bit, America can be a much safer place to live.
But thanks to what John asked for, we probably, like I said before, will be paying for that.
Not just airing your tires, but the air that you breathe.
You don't have like a little meter.
And depending on how, you know, in fact,
and those times you'll be pleased to have a heavy duty cold,
the plugged up nose, because it won't cost you so much, right?
Right.
Lower intake.
Jesus Christ in the song, man.
How do we get to this?
I mean, I'll tell you when John Cratchett is starting to look pretty good, that's getting scary.
That's starting to get really scary.
Okay, here's the last update on a pool,
who is the greatest fictional character in movies or TV.
James Bond, 140, Superman 51, Darth Vader 44.
Archie Bunker 41, Indiana Jones 36.
Sherlock Holmes 34, Michael Corleone 23.
Buzzfonnie 19, Dracula 18.
Batman Behaven 17.
Mad Max 13.
You're the hero 11 inspector, Cluso 11, Captain Kirk 10.
Everybody else in single digits.
And speaking of a little digit, like J. Feedler's got.
And I realized, I understand.
I didn't see the game.
I didn't watch it. I read all about it.
He wasn't solely responsible for losing the game,
even though that dying quail he threw there in the closing minutes of the game.
That little, what did the, for all call it?
A little lolly pop.
Whatever it was.
But nevertheless, there's some serious trouble on the horizon.
Mad Dog's coming up next.
He's going to be foaming at the mouth.
Bye, bye, bye.
Everything was your show.
I'm climbing to the movie QAF.
Miami Fort Lauderdata.
Kaka, poop, pissin.
What else?
What am I missing?
The hardest 12 inches in football.
