9.03. It's our first call of the new year. We got one not yet. Aren't you excited about that? There was one. Who wasn't?
Somebody wanting to talk about the dolphins. They thought, oh, right. Let's talk about the dolphin. Nice job there, baby.
See, one, I was saying to George before the show today, this town will never ever change. And even the sports, it's neurotic repetition.
30 years now, it's been the same tired thing. This is the year. We're talking super, but and as always the choke, you know, and then for days and days on end on this radio station call after call after call.
What are we gonna do? Can I ask you one thing before we start the show today? Seriously, since it's our first show of 2003 and I'm back in town, aren't we blessed down here?
Huh?
I mean, the heat and the panthers both won yesterday. Nobody cares, of course, but they both won yesterday.
The cool ones are good when the fiesta ball gonna crush your Ohio State make no mistake about that.
Ohio State's are, they're not a little girls team. They're a big girls team. I'll give them at least that. But they're not good.
They just barely squeaked by Michigan. Did you see the trouble Michigan had yesterday? Oh my god. They have no defense. We're not gonna talk football.
Then we'll get George involved in it.
So what do we got? What's on the agenda today? We got the mad dog. No, we don't have no mad dog. What always Gellie talking about is he out of his mind?
Let's see. Where is it Thursday? Like I said, we got the mad dog. All right. Well, I'm on the wrong goddamn day. I keep thinking this is Monday.
I'm watching all those football games yesterday. I'm thinking it had to be Sunday. Just had to be Sunday.
But you know what? See, I know how to do it. I come back on the first day of the new year and it's Thursday.
So it's one of my great weeks. A Thursday and Friday, two days on two days off. That's why I like it.
That's the new American work schedule boys and girls. You work one day and you have the rest of the goddamn week off. That's the way we're gonna do it in 2003.
You work one day at a month. You have the other 30 days off for 29, whatever the hell month it is. That's the way we're gonna start doing it. Forget about this work ethic crap. Okay.
Pay us a lot of money and don't expect too much in return.
If we got our first call of the year from four Lauderdale, how do you do this? Hello?
For all of me, you know, I just had to be first. How are you?
Okay. This is the same guy that always is the first one, even though you're doing a different voice today.
I know. I know you're the guy. Yeah, I'm the guy.
You can do any voice in the world. I know what it's you. Pretty exciting. I'm back here, huh?
We are so happy to have you back. Why is that? I mean George is good because Mr. I don't mean on the year. I'm back in town.
Even better. I'm back in touch with the rest of us. Uh-huh. Yeah.
I'm not, Mr. Roller, the Patriots won. Yeah, even though we didn't make the playoffs, that's not the important thing. We got our ring last year. We don't care about that.
Just knocking the dolphins out, watching them choking. Oh, God. It was a wonderful thing for me. A blast down there.
Are we blessed down here? Welcome back, my show. Thank you so much. Bye bye. And have a great new year. Bye bye.
I think we're going to be a lot of calls today. And by the way, I just want to tell you right off the bat, right off the get-go, right off the box.
Okay. How come the levels on this mic are so spastic? Everything's, uh, uh, different and designed.
It couldn't be because nobody's working here. You see, I don't want to feel bad because I had, and it wasn't that I took an extra vacation.
I just took two weeks at one time plus the usual days that I had offered Christmas in the years, et cetera.
And that's all because there's no ratings going on during that time. Of course, we don't have any ratings anymore anyway.
This last year, and I'll take part of the blame for that, try to change the world. And I do want to run out of the box, also talk about that bitch that called George on.
Know what they was that Tuesday? I guess. Tuesday.
I'd like to have somebody bring that bitch into this studio, tie her up in a chair, and I'll personally take a baseball bat and crush your skull from not all one o'clock till I have to leave. I will.
See, I hardly listen at all when I'm not on a year, including all of these holidays and everything, even though I have the ability to router to listen.
I didn't hear the one morning that Mo ran two minutes over and we'll get back to moment a moment in a moment.
In a moment? Yeah. We'll get momentarily. We'll get back to my good close personal friend, Mo. And by the way, also, Mo, I'm not going to be wearing any new wardrobe, although this is a new shirt, but not because of the fact that he had anything to say about the way I dress.
Take a look at the way the other people are dressed with. I don't come to work here in a pretentious way to try to impress the people I'm working with.
They know I'm a fat old slob who makes a lot of money. I can buy whatever clothes I want.
And that's his come back a guy that leaves the house wearing a goddamn toupee that's falling off the side of his head that dresses to the hill to come on and do a radio show. That's called vanity.
And if there's one thing that I'm not, it's vain. Okay. I could have my Chuck Alfieery phony here on here. I could have like a $2,000 Brooks Brothers suit, right?
Yeah, silk tie made in Italy. Who the hell is going to say it? It's a freaking radio show you moron. Oh, that's right. I'm still his material. He said moron.
Now what was I saying before about the new year? But do you know how to spell it? I do know how to spell it.
H-O-W-A-R-G. I was talking about the bitch I'd like to be with a baseball bat.
So I had a coming here Tuesday which I'm not going to burden the audience because a lot of people out there are making a lot of money.
And they say, gee, don't complain about your cheques but not be on time. At least you're making all that money. And you're right. You're right. I'm making a lot of money. It's a good scam. Okay.
I'll be the first one to admit it. And I'll take it.
But I had to go through another regular role to get my check because the pony got sick between here in Naples before Christmas.
And the package didn't get here and poor Muff had to get on the phone with Naples and it went... I don't want to go through the story because nobody would believe it.
It went to Memphis and then the package went to Dallas and then finally went back to Naples and they signed the check and I had to come in Tuesday and pick it up.
So I leave Tuesday to go to Mommy's house for lunch and by the way don't let me forget to also talk about my mother today at length.
That bitch. Do you know what I discovered when I walked into her house? I was here early.
Okay. I got an early start. A couple of errands to run. I had to come in here and pick up my check.
And I was supposed to go to her house at noon for lunch. I show up there 10 after 11. I'm early.
So she still got the hamburgers. You know, Millie's brown. You're ground brown. Yeah.
She still got him cooking on a stove and as her last touch which I've never seen this before, she reaches into her cupboard and she pulls out two humongous gigantic containers.
One, well first of all, two of them. Now let me ask you, what are the two ingredients? The two things I always talk about that don't dissolve in your body.
Pepper, pepper and paprika.
What do you think her when he's two containers, George?
Sugar and salt. No, wait, pepper and paprika.
Good guess. And she's shaking on there. She's got the burgers in his fry pan on the stove.
She put enough pepper and paprika on there to sink the goddamn Korean army. I'm telling you right now.
And I'm thinking of myself. Aha! Now it explains why I always have the blue apple-pick that girded.
Oh my god. This is her way. She is and forget about your mother. She's not even in a running.
My mother is the most evil person on the face of the earth who is main goal in life. You know what? Everybody's got a hobby. Some people stand collecting whatever.
Her hobby is finding fault. Oh, yes. We should put them both in a pit. Finding at them faults. That's my mother's favorite hobby. Everybody's imperfect except her. But anyway.
So I leave here to go to my mother's house. You notice how I'm like backing up on this bitch?
And I make the mistake and I'll tell you this. I got back Sunday morning from Toronto.
The whole time I never turned on the station. I've listened to FM and believe me. Oh god. FM is just as bad as ever. It is sounded blows.
Even with that new, what's the new call letters WMIB, men in black?
I don't even know anymore.
It used to be radio. It smeg months. The 85th time they changed the format. I got a little mung. Let me get to the Amsterdam story eventually.
Don't go to Amsterdam. You'll hate it.
Did I start on this after last summer? It's not like I'm making a sudden turnaround. Did I start last summer? It's not like I was burned out. I'm totally burned out. Amsterdam blows.
So anyway, turn the radio on over to George.
The first caller is the crank guide that's given you a son of an aunt's about the Cubans. You know what I'm talking about?
Of course.
After him is a guy that would give you a son of an aunt's about, well, you know, it is true what you say, but the Republicans,
at least when they were in office, the market is pretty good. And I'm thinking to myself, what Republicans is he talking about? Herbert Hoover?
Yeah, must be Herbert Hoover, Ronald Reagan in his depression. Or maybe it was George Herbert Walker Bush in his recession.
Or maybe the current one with the markets in the scrapper.
And then comes this woman. You know, we don't get a lot of women callers on this show, but the ones that we do get, they are very memorable.
They may not have big memories, but they are very memorable. Pressure some few.
Oh, God. And this bitch, this mother scratching bitch, she goes in with thing and her purpose of her call was to suck up to you and to rip me because I wasn't here.
She was sucking up to you.
She's sucking George's brown crack. I mean, heavy duty. So to speak.
Suckin, suckin, suckin.
Oh, and you can go on the dial from one end to the other and you never hear this kind of thing and you're the only voice out there and then George to his credit because he's sucking around too because he's hoping he's going to get that birthday check this week.
Maybe next week. I'll think about it.
Anyway, no, you should have seen. I'm in Duff's office on Tuesday waiting for my check. He's got his on the phone. He's got my checksit and I want to grab it.
And a couple people stopped by and hey, and the old welcome back nice to see George comes in and sees me grabs me like his long lost.
It's hugged me so hard that he almost squeezed the crap out of me. I'm happy to see you.
Yeah, bull the crap. Bull crap. He's waiting for that birthday check.
I just figured I wasn't going to get it. I'm still happy to see you.
Yeah, no, you're not. I love you.
So anyway, she starts going on about how well because George says Neil talks about these same things too and really tries to inform the public.
I went through seven or eight months of these periodicals on audio. I like self-destructed right here on a goddamn radio.
I'm reading 50,000 periodicals on the internet every day. I'm getting up at three o'clock at a goddamn morning.
I'm spending half of my life to try to change the world here like a lunatic.
And this bitch has got the host bunch. He says to George, well, yeah, but he says nobody really cares.
Isn't that just a cop out? Is it too much work for him? Is that what is it? Too much work?
They don't care. No, I understand that. They don't.
But when she said that, is it too much work? At that point, I wanted to get my Louisville slugger from Ted Williams and just bash her brains out if I could find him.
Maybe just, uh, yeah, take the bat and stick it up your ass lady.
Okay? You miserable nasty hostile bitch. And I'll say it again 80% of the women in South Florida are the worst on the face of the earth.
And that's being generous. See, I can afford to say that because we only got about a one share.
So I got, I got a lot of leeway there, you know.
I got a scoosh of leeway in my gene.
Oh, you're going to blow off the female audience.
We don't have any female audience. In fact, based on a last trend there, it looks like we don't end.
You sports nerds, you're not fooling me. I've been around a block too many times.
The November trend, which I won't even go to the numbers.
November trend, the sports day parts, even mowing up a little bit.
Now, he went up to like a four eight. And man, I think that's his biggest number since he's been there. Of course, that includes nine to ten.
So he may have like a four share, not too great, especially for him.
That was before we picked a Patriots to beat the Adolfo. He's finished.
But at any rate, so the sports are the Hank went way back up there.
But we took a hit didn't go way down, but the fact that they went up and at month and we went down.
That tells you the sports nerds got to die. We're in November. And we took a hit. You want to know mainly why?
Why? Elections.
Oh, same thing in 2000. Look back in the fall book in 2000.
You're right. Those right wingers, they're pissed off and fired up.
Although I will say this.
At the same time that I'm telling you, it's going to be mostly fun and games on the show this year.
With a few, you know, Newsy, a periodical thrown in there now and then.
Like I have today.
Although we have much better stuff from the from the tabloids today.
But if anybody thinks that we're going to suck George Bush and his merry band of little Nazis asses this year.
I hate to break the news to you, but wrong, wrong.
Not going to happen.
Not going to happen.
Just a thought of it. Just the fact that he still maintains this incredible popularity.
When we're on the verge of like having an North Korean cellist, they're going to blow up the guy name.
We'll keep in mind that these were the same people.
The same people when they first came into office didn't care about the rest of the world until 9-11.
We were going to become Papu cannons favorites, isolationists.
We didn't care about them at least. We didn't care about this one.
Now all we cared about was that oil pipeline.
We were working on Afghanistan with the Taliban.
Those were our partners.
Like Hyman Roth said, you know, our partner.
And these were the same barbarians that we were excoriating just months later.
Because of the burkers that the women had aware.
And the man had to shave the beard.
And they couldn't listen to music at all.
All these terrible things that they were doing.
But they were our partners until that fell through until 9-11.
I don't want to go back to it because I'm not going to change the world.
How are Ben and JLo doing?
If you want to lick some bush, go right ahead. Be my guest, okay?
I can see.
I'm going to have this thing start up again.
I'm going to have to get that Lovacwind.
Isn't that what it was that I took?
I don't remember.
Do we have any of our detail men out there, any of our pharmacy people?
I'm going to have to get some drugs.
We do?
Moses.
Oh, can you get me that?
Hey, Moses, I need some.
Is that what it's called?
Lovacwind?
Lovacwind?
Huh?
I don't know.
Lovacwind or Lovacwind?
He'll know.
He'll know what the hell it is.
I need a whole bunch of that, sweetheart.
I got some vitamins.
Plus, by the way, come in here naked.
I want to see what you look like.
Oh, you haven't seen him in a while.
The last time I was here, I saw him.
He looked pretty good.
He's been working out.
Really?
Yes.
Wait a minute.
What's that first gesture again?
Oh, this one?
No.
I saw that first gesture.
He's been working out.
Just before he has been pumping it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's big as a house.
Oh, by the way, a cute movie.
40 Days and 40 Nights with Josh Hartnett.
Where he wasn't allowed to pump it for 40 days.
Okay.
That's cute.
He's not so cute, but the movie's cute.
It's okay.
Has its moments.
Okay.
Here's the poll result from George's poll that he took last time he was there.
When it was the last time he heard like two days ago.
Two days ago.
Two days ago.
The day that I heard on a way to Mommy's house.
Maybe that bitch will call back him, but I sure doubt it.
The one that says I'm too lazy.
But see, and that goes to show you that's the reward I get for all those months of working
my ass off to try to inform it in the light in the public and give them some information.
They're not going to find it or got them fish wrappers down here.
Forget about it.
Oh, it's a camp out.
He's too late.
Nobody cares, lady.
This is an entertainment show.
It's a radio program.
We're not going to change the world on the Neo-Rodger show, which the rest of the station
don't even recognize that we're here by the way.
Don't even get a mention anymore.
Even my good friend, the mad dog.
You know, the transition, remember when we used to be on Tend to Tune, we had the transition with Hank?
Oh, yeah.
And it was not always a crossover, but there was at least on his part a recognition that I existed, whatever we just did.
It was like a flow.
An acknowledgement.
Yeah.
Now it's like there's a brick wall here the door closed before we come on because the line draw at nine.
And then at one o'clock, even though it's the same day part, my good friend, the mad dog, it's the same crap.
Although he's usually busy on that often.
Bankwood comes running in all out of breath.
You know, on two days, especially.
But he'll be on today one to three.
My good close friend, the mad dog.
711 votes on that poll.
George, I should be you had some terrible polls by the way.
Oh, I thought your polls blow.
Yeah.
I don't know about the shows because I didn't hear them, but I hope they were better than your polls.
How would your news show is what I was going?
That lady you'll call in the open air.
New ears.
Okay.
Should we reinstate the draft, George asked on Tuesday and we had 711 votes pretty weak for two days, but it was New Year's day yesterday.
Everybody's getting drunk and watching football.
Hey, how about those dolphins?
Oh, look at this.
Speaking of the dolphins, the dolphins suck one to pull.
Even though it doesn't make any sense, but I understand why I put it on there because I often do that.
I just put a, put a gag selection on there just to give the people a chance to vent.
Just an outlet for their frustration, for their angst.
The dolphins suck 370 people said that.
Well, we know that.
Gag and choke, I think of the words you're looking for.
Gag and choke.
No, 232.
And yes, 109.
And you can be sure that all 109 people who said we ought to reinstate the draft are over the age of 100.
Right?
Road down.
Got some bad news for you, by the way.
They're reinstating the draft and everybody up to the age of 60 is eligible.
Up to the age of 60, George.
Damn it, I just...
20 past...
20 past 9.
You watch for that bitch to call in today.
I guarantee she won't call me.
She's out there listening.
I know you're out there, honey, okay?
Look for a Nacute Comber counter over there in publics.
Crazy as bitch.
Oh, you're the only voice.
And then she's going on about all the great calls that you had last two days.
And I thought to myself, well, I've been listening 20 minutes.
I sure didn't hear those.
What great calls, the same assholes, right?
The...
The spict there with the ball guy.
Who used to be some other guy?
Oh my god, lady, who the hell are you kidding?
But little later on in here, though, we'll have a show on bilingualism.
You'll be invited to call in that day.
If you're not here in too many spots today, it's because we don't have any, because our sales department.
Because everybody's on a busman's holiday here.
We did see Adam.
Hardworking Adam.
He's the only person we saw today.
Oh, you think it was bad?
You squeezed me in there, did I?
You know who else came in and hugged and squeezed and just got his mung all over me?
Peep.
Peepie Lenny.
Oh, I went home and I took four showers.
Just to get these smell and the taste and the garbage off my body.
Hey, Peepie, I'm at the warehouse.
What flavors do you want?
Yeah, we got those.
I'll bring you some.
You asshole.
You live in that geek.
Oh, I'm so glad to be back here briefly.
I'll tell you.
I'm just ecstatic to be back here.
I'll wait till I tell you about the Fat Boy story, huh?
Oh, yeah.
I got the Fat Rich story, the Fat Boy story.
I got stories, man.
922 with 560 WQM.
Kick off the New Year with a brand new grape mattress from Dyle mattress.
If you haven't been sleeping well lately, nothing will have a bigger impact on your life each and every day in the coming year than a great night's sleep.
It's time for that New Year's resolution, which we'll get to our poll by the way about your news resolution.
It's corny, but it's okay.
You'll get what you want a great night's sleep every night from Dyle mattress called 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S
and Dyle mattress will have you sleeping like a baby all year long.
And Dyle mattress carries only the best in the business.
Seely, sir, the Simmons, King Coral, and every size and style.
When you call 1-800-MAT-T-R-S, you'll speak with an expert bed in consultant who really knows their crap, who can recommend the perfect bed for you and your back.
They have what you want in stock, no funny sales, no bait-and-swish-like department stores.
Then when you order your new bed from Dyle mattress, they'll have it there on time, even the very same day that you make the order.
And you get to choose the date and time when it's convenient for you.
Dyle mattress prides itself on their 99% on time record, which is just one reason why they're ranked first overall for a customer satisfaction.
So do what all of us do here at QA and make the call now to Dyle mattress.
Miguel, George and I all sleep on mattresses from Dyle mattress, different ones thank goodness, and so should you, at least the George one.
Enjoy the New Year with that special someone with a new mattress.
Now that I got my Tom Brady pictures on my website here, who the hell needs Miguel?
Enjoy the New Year with somebody special with a new mattress from Dyle mattress called Tool-Free 1-800-MAT-T-R-S.
Speaking of Tom Brady, how about those Patriots?
That's 1-800-MAT-T-R-S, Dyle mattress, the perfect way to start off that new year.
What do you think, Miguel?
We're supporting you 560-U-A-A.
Is a butt-eye smellin'?
Oh, Brian.
I'm singing this song and I'm feelin' kinda sad.
I got my smile from home but my truth came from my dad.
I've got a body like a drive and range mat.
When it's cold outside, use my nips to hang your hat.
I can blow in your ear, give you a lap dance.
But you won't notice me till I get some implants.
I need a guy who ain't got issues like feeling up a chest and finding tissues.
Guys, I am cute, this am pretty.
I'm the one who needs your pity.
I've got a nice ass and fur like a kiss-tee, but I can't get a man.
Cause I got no titties.
I got no titties.
You're Wonder-Brah is something I can't afford.
When you lay on me, you'll swear you're on a diving board.
When I turn 11, I started to get used.
Now I'm 24 and so waitin' on my boobs.
See, I'm the one who needs your pity.
I've got a nice ass and fur like a kiss-tee, but I can't get a man.
Cause I've got no titties.
I've got no titties.
I've got no titties.
You're Wonder-Brah is something I can't afford.
No titties.
No titties.
You're a france epic song that sounds like?
No, that's cause you still don't know what to do.
Somebody will call in and tell me, you sure you don't know what that is?
Positive.
Although I could listen to all the albums all over again.
928-560WDQM, Happy New Year to you.
This is our first show of 2003.
We're pretty damn pumped up about it, aren't we?
No.
Nobody's in the building.
Cause they're still on a busman's holiday.
I can't stand people who take too much time off.
There's anything that makes me nauseous, man.
Makes me really fired up and pissed off.
Here's our poll today on NealRodgers.com, which we better get that response
at our poll back up there again, huh?
That fell off so badly when Georgia was doing those bad polls.
This is not a good poll today.
It's not one of my really a column.
But, you know, it's timely.
What's your New Year's resolution this year?
Lose weight, quit smoking, have a lot more sex,
not take any crap, quit boozing, or New Year's resolutions are for assholes.
So, speaking of assholes, getting back to mold for a moment,
have you noticed that everything that he does and says that's totally unacceptable
within the boundaries of human behavior?
Everything he denies.
Here's a man in denial.
And even the call that he had from the guy Mitch that I played at the beginning of the show,
he never denies having the beast fired.
Where did you get your information?
Where did you get it?
It must be from the train monkeys, but he never really comes out and denies it,
because he can't denies, because it's true.
Nobody else got the beast off of that show mo?
Show mo.
Show mo.
That's what I told Miguel last time I was in there.
Why don't you show mo when he zipped up his pants or man out of here?
Maybe that was all he had to show.
Now, come on.
When you're gonna fast up to it, mo, and you know, stand up,
just like the thing about with Barry Jackass' column in Joe Rose.
And by the way, don't be picking on our good friend Joe Rose, okay,
because he at least used to promote this show.
I mentioned our real names, not this ginger-fretister guava eating stick,
whatever this stuff is, you know?
Mo.
So anyway, Barry Jackson in Saturday's paper writes a column about how Mo picked the
new wing of the beat, Miami, but also said that the dolphins would sneak into playoffs
anyway, so he was half-right.
But you know, this guy's on any called Harvey Green.
The dolphins, senior vice-person-of-medie relations,
Howard called us to say was picking against this tongue-in-cheek,
kidding me, making a comment about people field down here.
Right.
Keep in mind, this is a man on the payroll of the dolphins.
He gets paid by the team to do their games.
I think the only cheek that he had his tongue in was somebody's...
Correct, that's what I think.
Maybe that's the aroma that we get in the hallway in the mornings,
either that or it's his hair piece.
And let me also ask you this.
How come he claims that I wear the same clothes every day?
When he's only seen me three times since he came here eight months ago.
How's that possible?
He's got X-ray vision.
I see, is that it?
I mean, we all can't be a fashion plate like Mo.
But if anybody thinks that there's any room for accommodation between Mo and yours truly,
the answer is absolutely no.
No chance, none, zero, less than none, that will never happen.
That Wednesday morning, and remember it was a couple days we thought that maybe he was coming around a little bit.
He was starting to promote the show, a little circuit, which is fine.
Okay, have a good time.
You know, we give it out, you give it back, that's fine.
But at one Wednesday morning, I'll never forget it.
I'm up there until when we spend an hour and a half on a story so obscure that we couldn't...
It took us about four hours to find it on the internet.
About the Oregon Ducks.
And the station that carries their games out there in Portland or wherever the hell it is.
And about some syndicated talk show that I never even heard of the guy before.
And he's a racist, and he's dissonant.
And he's desperately trying somehow to bring that back to me again.
And another... and another stah...
Another attempt to drive the show off the station.
Yeah, then maybe we can all have numbers like you, Mo.
Okay?
Low rhymes with Mo.
So since that day, that was the end.
I give him about what?
85 chances to let come and join a human race, join the team here at QIM, refuse to do it.
And now he's picking on the in Barry's column about poor Joe Rose.
So his rose said that he was sick when he heard in fact several callus also suggested it was inappropriate for the team's play by playing outside of pick against the whole home team.
It's childish to make an issue of it.
And if Joe Rose wasn't doing a tug and cheek that I'm disappointed in Joe Rose David said he's disappointed in everybody.
We're all bad. He's good.
To understand the way it works, he's a good guy. We're all bunch assholes.
Okay.
That's the way it is.
Including you, especially you.
You little guava love and spick.
That was wrong with you.
So and I also want to say this, if this is the new year, okay, and people do make resolutions, I've put you this before on a year, I'll tell you again.
And this is the emis.
I will not speak to.
I will have nothing to do with that creature.
Okay, if I see him in a hallway coming in the mornings while I'm here, these couple of months, I am not going to speak to him.
In terms of discussion on this program, which there'll be plenty, but in terms of a physical being, there will be none.
He doesn't exist.
And if you had any self-respect, I've told you this before, he tried desperately, feverishly, psychotically to get your little ass fired right after your wife had that unwanted second little kid, no less.
Couldn't have destroyed your whole freaking life.
Couldn't have put you out on the beach.
Where the hell you going to get a job?
Next door at BP, Amico?
Maybe.
I doubt it.
I can make coffee.
He said that I got enough fixer already, need some more schwarzers.
I got ink, I like that.
And it's a good thing I stopped by there this morning to get my soda's, my dyed coax, because the cover here is beer.
Hey, PD, what flavors you want?
You jackass, you leather lunged asshole.
He makes me red rough and sore, that guy, I'll tell you that right now.
PD Lenny.
So here's the guy to try to get you fired, and you're going to be reports when I'm in Toronto about, oh I saw him in a hall we bonded, you shouldn't be, if you ever speak to him again, if you ever speak to him again, then as far as I'm concerned, I'll have no respect for it all.
It's changed too much now.
Not that I have much now.
What?
It was sarcastic, we've changed two words.
That's not the point.
And that was a lot of my way.
You don't, you don't dignify somebody who tried to destroy your life by speaking to them, you don't recognize them.
That was the last time.
Good.
That's on record now, okay folks, he's on record now.
Let's see if this is the year George grows up here.
Just a tiny little perv, you got nothing to lose.
Oh, I know that.
The amount of money you're making here?
How's that new contract, by the way?
Oh.
Huh?
How's the new deal coming?
What deal?
The new deal?
Hey, those Republicans, baby, when they get into the market, it's go crazy.
They go through the roof looking heaver, heaver, man.
Yeah.
Poverty heaver.
Here's our poll question today, I already give it to you.
How's it coming?
17 votes.
10 people say New Year's resolutions are for assholes, that's right.
You're right.
I didn't vote for that.
You know what I voted for.
I have a lot more sex, five, and I'm one of those five.
In fact, where is the Moses?
Bring him in right now, we'll start right on the year.
Huh?
I'll service him right here on the year on the show, I don't care.
He looked so good the last time I was here, if he looks even better now.
That's incredible.
Call him up, haven't you come muscular better?
Have him bring it in and the drugs too.
What's the name of that stuff?
I don't know, Leviquin, Loviquin, something, he'll know.
It's a antibiotic to get this damn, so anyway, I'm in Amsterdam, which I won't be going back anytime soon.
Let me say it again, Muff, since you're probably on a way into work right now based on what you told me on Tuesday.
See, we have to do everything on the year because there's nobody to talk to here.
Clarins is out there, they've asked the vol and tempi trying to get laid, which ain't going to happen by the way, Clarins.
That's sad.
I mean, he's not, well, maybe the fact that he's hung like a fruit fly, they might have something to do with it.
Have you ever wondered about that?
Like, I'm always talking about the Chinese, there's a billion Chinese, and when a guy's got a penis like a, I mean, it makes me feel like a real man.
Well, how do you know that?
Like, that's the, what the Chinese?
No, Clarins.
Because he told me, I say, just like any mom, just like Enrique passed, remember that?
Right.
He passed the message, I think, through you, through somebody.
He passed it through you, and you didn't even feel it.
Because he said he's hung like a net, and a same with Clarins.
Well, you know, I mean, so maybe he's going to get to like second base, maybe halfway between second and third base, certainly not to own plate.
Any chance?
No.
But the fact that he's got a teeny, teeny tiny penis, how the hell is he, what's he going to do with it?
What are you going to do with it, Clarins?
Never slowed me down.
Or you also have a small penis?
Well, it's in proportion with the resume, so what is that?
Oh, mine's not.
Oh, and also let me tell you this.
Sometimes you see the, I've told you this before, these big tall guys, you think, but he must be hung like a moose, you know?
Not necessarily.
Not necessarily.
I've discovered that in my travels.
So anyway, getting back to a travels and Amsterdam, man, what a, what a raunchy place that is.
You know, that old expression about it's a nice place to visit what you wouldn't want to live there.
Absolutely correct, sir.
Right.
And I know a lot of people are going to give me crap.
That's all right, I'm prepared.
I'm moving in with the Raylions.
We're getting on the goddamn spaceship with Leonardo.
And we're going, we're going back to Uranus.
You get one of those outfits with the shoulder pads.
I mean, is this incredible or what? I see this story and I'm watching this fruit cake on TV, of course, in Hollywood, of course.
Because everything, every bizarre, grotesque, unacceptable thing has to come back to South Florida.
And here's this fruit cake on there with that, with that thing in the middle of the back of his head, whatever the hell you call that thing.
Hop not.
Or that, that not.
Maybe he's kind of done not.
Not.
But in any rate, and the media, all these people, these ethicists, they're having a nervous breakdown.
And we're discussing the ethics.
First of all, have we seen any baby?
Do we have any data?
No.
Do we have any scientific evidence?
No.
And they're talking to a guy who even art Bellwood and put him on here.
That's how ridiculous this guy is.
The Raylions.
First we had Alien.
Now we've got Raylions.
God.
By the way, nice going to our David Ross, just so we need another hip hop station.
Hip hop, hop on this.
You idiot.
He also lied about that.
Somebody was telling me this story about how he told the rumors were leaking about how they were going to make the Big Format change.
And then like right around Christmas time, they came back.
They played all that.
What do they play?
Christmas music?
Oh, I don't remember.
And supposedly after the Christmas holiday, they were going to come back on with the new format.
And they came back on with the same old radio, a smegma, whatever that was that they were playing.
Anybody know what it was?
No.
Because they had no audience.
And so he told everybody, see?
No change.
It was all just a big lie.
So a week later, they fired everybody and we got the new hip hop.
W-M-I-B, men in black.
You know how long that's going to last?
Just like when Paxon made into the Ladies channel, what do they call it?
The, I don't know.
Plan it something.
We plan it.
Very good.
And this is the station that used to be she.
Used to be Rocket Roll, man.
Used to be the Primo FM in his town.
103.5, a fixture.
And you know what they've done the same thing to that on FM that they've done the INZ on AM.
They've turned it into pure unadulterated scrap.
Two of the formerly most premier stations in the market.
Only Queer channel could do that.
I'm sorry, Mo.
Cloudy Channel.
Cloudy Channel.
Sorry.
Forgot his fabulous sense of humor.
No, seriously, if you speak to him again, that's it.
I don't want to like be butch boss, but you're just, in fact, just tell everybody you're not allowed to speak to him.
You're not allowed to speak to the Mo. Meister.
And the same goes for Carlos, and he's laughing.
Better not laugh if you want any more of those big paychecks come pouring through there, baby.
Better not be speaking to the enemy.
Well, sometimes he's the captive audience when he's in the bathroom shaving, you know,
you come in and do some business.
Well, you know what I would do?
I would take the goddamn razor, reach right over and give that hair piece a shot with it.
Yeah.
Is it real or is it a mammurex?
You jackass, you silly old goat with the bad Veracos veins.
Here's the guy that goes out and plays golf in public with with a polka dot shorts and his Veracos veins flailing out.
And his damn hair piece flowing in a wind falling on the goddamn end of the day.
He didn't put the ball in a hole, but his hair piece is in there.
And they thought that it was a ferret crawling on the goddamn hole on the 18th green turn out it was most hair piece.
And he's talking about the way that I dress in my appearance.
That would be like my call somebody fat.
Fat boy, which we'll get to him after the break.
Oh, I got so much catching up to do.
You know, plus we're going to take a lot of calls today.
A lot of calls.
Like here's a good one from sunrise. Hello.
Neil, how you doing?
Great. How you doing?
Welcome back.
Happy New Year.
I was actually asked a couple questions, but you got me on this topic now, but I can ask you two things about Mohawar David.
Who?
Mohawar David, an non-existing guy.
He's an asshole.
Yeah.
Number one, I don't understand how you can get away with a couple of things.
Number one, remember when you were doing this, forget about it Fridays.
And he told people call in, spy about your neighbor, tell things about your neighbor.
Yeah.
I've never seen how a big deal wasn't made about that.
I mean, can't the guy get in trouble for that?
Beats me.
And then the second thing is.
Also, don't forget the thing when he went on with Tony Bruno.
And he also lied his way out of that about he didn't check the affiliate list.
And then he turns around and tells the guy in here he listens to him every day.
Why would he have to check the affiliate list if he knows what station he's on to listen to him every day?
And then the second thing is.
Lies his way out of every one of his devious little games.
Last couple weeks he's been ripping a restaurant by name in Boka.
Not near prime.
No, it was like Antonio's.
I don't know, like something like that.
Well, they probably didn't give him a freebie just like near prime.
But I mean, he's not ripping the old things up about it like their kitchen things like that.
Really?
I cannot believe these people are not like apocalyptic.
It's all over them.
If I were in that restaurant, I would be suing his ass up there right now.
They'd be all over them like, think on Mo.
How does he get away with this stuff?
I don't know.
And another thing, just went out to Tampa for the Michigan Bowl game in Florida.
Now, what was that bowl game?
Was that the pool and weed whacker, um, uh, this, uh, Sakura Nutze bowl?
What was that?
That's something about that, but I know you were like, I saw parts of that game.
I know you went to Michigan State, but I saw that the Michigan crowd was there.
And Neil, there is not one good looking girl from Michigan.
I mean, there wasn't one.
Well, how about good looking guys other than Tom Brady's, the first good looking guy that ever came out of that university?
Neil, how could, how could, how could, how could Mad Dog, he'll tell you?
How could any guy want to go to college and Michigan, these girls were ugly?
Hey, there were a lot of hot babes in Michigan State, baby.
Were there?
That's why they got the good football team.
They're busy playing football.
Michigan State were busy playing with balls, okay?
We got more important things to worry about.
Hey, Neil, I just want to say, you know, I know you don't want people sucking up to you, but I'm listening to you for about 15 years.
You're the greatest.
I am.
I'm glad you're back.
Thanks a lot, pal. Thanks for the suck job.
I have a great new year.
You too.
Bye-bye.
Yeah, it's the first day of the new year, so you can suck all you want.
That's what the Pope said.
Oh, you see that? That's even more good news.
Not only have they got this tremendous shortage of priests, but now that they're saying no fags in a priesthood,
that's going to finish off the Catholic Church.
Yeah, because now there are going to be no more services anymore.
Isn't that good news?
Yeah, but they'll do something.
What are they going to do with all that hardware?
You know, the hats and the miters and all the chains and the beads and all that, all the chaach keys?
Wow.
Maybe they'll have a yard sale.
That is so heavy duty.
Oh, it's a matter of fact, in the movie, 40 days and 40 nights, his brother is a seminary student.
So he goes in the confessional, a confession, his brother's on the other side, and they keep opening the slide and the thing back, you know?
And his brother, he walks in on his brother toward the end of the movie, and his brother's getting it out with a nun.
He says, oh, well, I'm dropping out in a couple weeks anyway.
It's kind of a cute movie.
It's basically a movie about Josh Hartner and his penis.
16-10, well, that's what it's about.
It's a movie about this young, horny guy, and his penis is what it is.
We never get to see it though.
Sixth, so I won't be watching it again.
16-10 at 5, 60 WQM on a great Thursday, man.
What a good thing.
Good timing on my part.
See, at least I come back today.
The holidays are over.
Our staff here hasn't learned that yet.
The holidays are over, boys.
Get with it.
The new year is here.
You assholes.
You slackards.
Even more weight here today to greet me on my first day back.
Let me say it again.
If you ever see me speak to him, I want you to go on a year and out me right on a year.
Because it'll ever happen.
Haven't you ever had anybody in your life that you just made up your mind?
You will never speak to them?
Yeah, but then she keeps calling back.
Oh, your mother.
Right.
Hey, ma.
No more paprika, ma.
Yeah, the hemorrhoid inducer.
My mother.
Seriously, if I can't over, I can't exaggerate the amount of black pepper and paprika.
She just took the shakers and just poured them like with all of her energy.
Like it was unbelievable.
Like a rainstorm of black pepper and paprika on his poor little, uh, brown grounds.
Hey, ma.
And she's always lying.
Oh, I never put anything in there.
It's just ground serrated.
I never put anything in there.
Right.
Hemorrhoid inducer.
That's what you are, ma.
Hemorrhoid inducer.
And more ways than one.
Knit picker, nagger, finding fault.
Everything I do is wrong.
Everything everybody I know does is wrong.
And everything you do is right.
Too bad we can't all be slim like my mother.
Oh, you're so fat.
You're getting so much weight back, man.
Hey, as she's bringing out the 17 courses for lunch.
You look like you lost weight since I was your last.
No, I gained back some of the weight I lost.
Yeah, quite a bit of it.
Huh?
That's going to change now.
Oh, we'll get to the weight part after the break.
And we're going to talk about our frit.
And you notice how he hasn't shown his fat face in here yet today?
He hasn't waddled in here.
What's he doing lately?
A walker or wheelchair?
Walker.
Or if they got him on one of those gurneys.
It's a walker, but there are wheels on it.
I think they're going to bring him in on a gurney now.
And that would be what a mistake to put him on there.
That's your blue edicine right out of the water, which is probably just as well.
We're only doing two breaks.
We're going to do three.
Okay.
Not two.
I'll tell you when I get her.
What are you worried about?
We got so much time to show stuff around.
Don't worry about it.
We got no spots today.
The sales department, you know, they went on a 20 day holiday.
I cannot stand people that take too much time off.
I hit it.
When you're getting paid to do a job, you show up every goddamn day.
You get a couple of days here.
They are too over there.
Not me, because I'm an old fart.
I paid my dues.
I should get off like 90% of the time.
And I like to get off.
So like I said, what time's Moses coming in?
Hey, listen, I've been back here now four days.
I'm starting to get a little bit horny.
I'll come in and solve Florida.
This is the most sexless place on the face of the earth.
You just, you don't even see anybody that looks good that you'd want to do it with.
I mean, you'd look around.
Is there anything alive here?
Is there anything under the age of 100?
No.
God.
54 votes on our poll.
What's your, we better do it left, better than that.
Let's get the audience back here.
Okay, the George Blue Off.
I mean, 54 votes.
What's your New Year's resolution this year?
New Year's resolutions are for assholes 24.
Have a lot more sex 14.
All right.
Lose weight, 11.
Don't take any crap to quit boozing.
Two.
And quit smoking one.
You know, when you shop for quality footwear, great selection, professional service, there's only
one place to go and I've been telling about them for years.
Our good friends at Brandy's shoes in Pompedo Beach.
At Brandy's shoes, you'll find the largest selection of men's and women's shoes, the best
service on the best prices in town, period.
It's as simple as that.
At Brandy's, you'll find top quality names like rock ports, floor shim, S.A.S., Spirit,
Timberland, Naturalizers, and lots more.
And with Brandy's humongous selection, chances are nobody in the store is ever going to say,
sorry, we don't have that style in the orcized, Mr. or Mamm or whatever you might be.
So find out I'm most of Brandy's customers.
Now we keep coming back for what they usually buy.
Several pair, whereas that pair is per visit.
Brandy's is open every day of your life.
Now the nine Sundays tend to five.
You'll find them at that same great location.
They've been peddling shoes for about 600 years.
1290 North Federal Highway in Pompedo Beach.
It's always worth the trip no matter where you are.
And all this week at Brandy's, it's the end of the year, Super Sale, the beginning of
the New Year.
It's going on now.
Fantastic Savings on many famous brands, and for the best Savings of the Year, only
at Brandy's in Pompedo for more info, call 954-943-9667.
945-943-9667.
945-943-9667.
945-94667.
This is Super Sale, I'm not sure if you were here.
So, God.
Welcome back to the Gwebbering Magintry of the Mohawada David Show.
We have a full bucket today.
Including a gavill cage about articulate athlete interviews.
You know that pipe smoke is still at it.
Why?
What?
Singing the songs, making fun of me.
They make fun of me all the time.
I don't know why they don't adore me.
They're there, everything will be alright, Mo.
Get your hands off me, a fairy.
You queer, yet to be chumper.
Real men don't touch, only during the game.
Yes, ma'am.
They want singing.
I'll give them singing.
Get on a piano.
Omade!
Ok, Mo.
Now, hit it.
Back in my day, men were straight.
The end day is left today.
That's why I can't tolerate.
Tissue, gauze, lit gaze.
Cornholes were in game back then.
Stop it, stop it, you moron.
What's the matter, Mo?
My wig fell off again.
Ok.
Alright, where were we?
Cornholes were in game back then.
I'll take it from here.
The guys that liked the worship men.
The thing we will see for in the way that am I dead.
Didn't mean those old frosted days.
Or to tickle hairy taint.
Jesus Christ, I really hate.
Jesus, gauze, lit gaze.
I'm 52 at 560 WQM.
Happy New Year to you.
78 votes on a poll.
What's your New Year's resolution this year?
New Year's resolutions are for assholes.
33.
Have a lot more sex 19.
Lose weight 17.
Quit boozing 5.
Don't take any crap 3.
Quit smoking 1.
Did you get a hold of Moses?
I'm trying.
He's got to bring me my stuff.
Huh?
And my drugs too.
Come on, Moses.
Let's get with it, sweetheart.
We'll almost have some other contacts.
I feel this thing coming back on.
Which gets me back.
Oh, there's my good friend Muff.
Like I said, you better give those engineers
and figure out what they want to do with that equipment.
Because I'm not going back.
Which gets me back to Amsterdam.
What a pit.
What a toilet.
As a tourist, it's fine for a few days.
You go over in the summertime or in the spring when it's tourist season.
But even this last summer I noticed after 9.11,
the number of tourists there way down.
Now this year going over there at Christmas time,
which I had done before and was pretty good,
there were almost no tourists.
So what does that leave you with?
The Dutch fat.
Oh my god.
Who now wants to be hanging out with a bunch of Dutch people?
Other Dutch?
I don't think so.
Roode, obnoxious, pushy, nasty.
And that apartment of mine,
you'll notice that I got a little bit of the cough back in the air.
They're raspiness.
The same mildew and mold and crap.
So I was able to sleep.
I was there for 10 days.
Never slept in my bed,
which all the bedrooms are in a basement.
Once nobody in my brain makes bedrooms in a basement,
especially in a 10th world country like Holland.
Okay, Peter?
You idiot.
And so I slept there, read that in the couch.
I didn't want to tell you about the big song in the dance I had
with the satellite dealer.
Instead, well, I don't want to go through it.
They see Americans coming 100 miles away.
All they want to do is rip off Americans,
and they do a good job of it.
So I finally decided I'm getting out of this pit.
This place is crap.
I hate it.
And I make a rest playing reservation to go back to Toronto.
And the last night that I'm there with my luck,
I may have been doing so great thanks to Dr. Hamft.
For months now, I've been doing no scratching
as even with the cold weather in Toronto and Amsterdam.
Oh, and another thing about Amsterdam,
when it's 30 degrees in Toronto,
and it's not windy,
it's not bad.
You're dressed for it.
You got a heavy coat on.
It's not a problem.
It doesn't bother me in the least, but 30, 32, 28.
When it's 30 in Amsterdam, it's a humid 30 because of the North Sea, I guess.
And it's that wet and windy cold.
It's like being back in East Lansing again.
Oh, it just goes right through your body.
Man.
So that's another reason not to go there,
especially this time of the year.
Bows.
So the last night I wake up three in the morning with a scratchy throat.
After all these months, I do not have any, you know,
the sinus infection, which is what I had before.
And that's exactly where I got it in that pit, in that sewer,
in that damp, mildly dank apartment.
See, one thing about being over there,
or in a lot of these 84th world countries,
anybody can be a landlord.
You got a piece of property?
Sure, Shmir, a bunch of stuff together.
Here's an apartment.
How much can I rip you off for it?
That's where it works.
Now, you didn't talk about that Al Goldstein thing on a year, did you?
Yeah.
I read the story.
You talked about your good friend, Al Goldstein, on this program?
I read the story.
Oh.
You didn't just have a birthday, did you?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Well, we still got that damn thing pending, you know what?
I know what it's saying.
Thanks to him.
I just, I got it.
Thanks to him and his big obnoxious mouth, verbatim, right?
You missed the picture in a sunsend, although.
Yeah, I did.
Looked like somebody stuck two bicycle pumps up his ass,
and just had a field name, must weigh at least 600 pounds, start naked,
which he was shirtless in this picture.
Oh my god.
Don't look at it at breakfast time, folks.
And he had his cane.
He had it at his gold slippers and his cane.
It was lovely, Al.
It was a beautiful thing.
Maybe Al would like to take my new apartment over to Amsterdam,
if he ever gets his passport back.
Will that ever happen?
No.
No.
Because now he's also getting sued by one of his ex-wives,
the same harassment lawsuit that he got from the, uh, remember,
when they sent him to write his island?
We'll send you flowers, Al.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Miami is gone.
Shame on you.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Happy June here.
Back to you.
Hey, uh, Neil, I couldn't help but noticing.
You described two people the exact same way this morning.
I was wondering what the chances of work at Moa is going to hook up with their mom.
Oh, I'm estimated in heaven.
I love it.
Maybe she can smear some paprika on his leg.
Back to him, wig.
Oh, we would use that way you'd never get to talk to either one of them.
Okay, thanks.
That sounds good to me.
5670560.
Well, I tell you we get a tremendous response here.
My first day back after this long hiatus, long vacation, the first day of the new year.
Are we getting a response?
Oh, all right.
Let's talk about the dolphins, huh?
We love the dolphins.
Come on, let's go.
Panthers are only four points out of first place.
Anybody care about them?
No.
But that was a coma inducing game again yesterday.
God was that bad.
Where's that great dolphin song?
Oh, yeah.
Let's hear it.
Come on.
I'm so glad I heard it.
The greatest football team that we've seen.
Yeah.
We take it and stick it down our throats in their case.
It's called choke.
Some of the rest of us do that.
It's called something else when they do what it's called choke and gag.
What sometimes we might?
5670560.
Come on, wake up this town.
That's your job.
Baby, wake up these dead bastards.
He want your raspy throat.
Where's my drugs, God damn it.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Is this going to be an ongoing thing with you and Howard David?
Oh, no.
It's Reverend Jones again.
Oh, no.
Only one thing I want to say to you, Jackass, okay?
You're gay.
Yeah.
Reverend Jones, it took less than an hour before we got one of our favorite.
He's okay.
How is the baseball cap?
What?
Dick Feinberg said you look like a Jackass, but we'll take your money.
We'll take anybody's money at Pompeville Park.
By the way, did you mention Tuesday they were opening the Tuesday night for racing on New Year's Eve?
Yes.
Did you?
Yes.
Oh, you had a spot?
Yeah.
Good.
Nice going there, Steve.
Well, they're doing it, baby.
I was there Monday night with Fat Rich and Derek, my good friends.
I haven't even told the Fat Rich story yet.
Came with an about a curly little hair of death, I would say.
Lost all of that weight.
He looks like a different person now.
Looks kind of like a medium fat old Jew.
Fly in local.
Here's sports radio 560, UA.
UAM.
So anyway, Muth just came in and said, how are David's bitch?
The beat of South Florida.
This is the rhythm at beat.
You miss out on.
Where's the beat of South Florida?
Especially when you leave it fast.
We got a touch band like no where's there.
Even if it can't be too touch.
If you don't dig up the South Florida rhythm,
it would be like all those times to try to throw a broken garbage can away.
They don't pick it up.
Man.
The beat of South Florida.
There's the beat of South Florida.
You smell it.
Where the sun burns on your brain and shrinks your balls.
South Florida.
That's what they mean.
I made a mistake by the way.
It's only an hour into the show.
I made the first mistake right on your little daily planner there.
You made a mistake at 1001 on the first show of the year.
I meant to say Muth said, how are David's a bitch?
There you go.
I played the wrong one.
Sorry about that.
Don't do it again.
99 votes on the poll.
What's your New Year's resolution this year?
42 people, which is 42.4%.
New Year's resolutions are for asshole.
Absolutely correct.
Have a lot more sex 23.
Lose weight 20.
Quit boozing 7.
Don't take any crap 5.
Quit smoking 2.
And Georgia's New Year's resolution is to grow a little peer.
Just a little.
Just a little teeny tiny peer.
At first at least become almost visible.
At least you can feel them.
If you reach around, keep searching.
You can feel it through there.
That's a start.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Or North Miami Beach.
Wherever you are.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Oh, you're this me?
Sounds like you.
Oh, how you doing?
Good. Happy New Year, too, sir.
Thank you, sir.
I listen to every day.
The reason I called is I was so happy to hear you talking about how it would be
that evening this morning.
Yeah.
Does he have a contract there?
Yes.
How long? How much longer?
I don't know.
Too long.
Whatever it is.
Well, that's what I keep saying.
I used to listen from 6 o'clock on.
I now listen from 9 o'clock on.
Unless Goldies, thereby himself.
Yeah, he was there by himself this morning.
I know. That's why I was listening.
He was speaking pretty good this morning.
Man, alive.
I mean, I've heard some egos before, but this guys are really...
I think the two words you're looking for is your pompous ass.
Those are the words you're looking for.
pompous ass.
If you look up, pompous ass, the dictionary is the most hair piece next to it.
Thank you. That's all I had to say.
I was just wondering how much longer his contract goes and how much longer I got to put up with his growth.
Well, he just turned 86, so he might not be around too long.
Okay.
Happy New Year, pal.
See you.
Bye-bye.
5, 6, 7, see.
People are live about their age.
You won't tell you how old they are.
People are wear hair pieces.
People are talking about how other people dress who come into a radio show dressed up like Austin Burke.
I mean, what is that all about?
Huh?
I mean, like Johnny Versace.
Johnny.
How's Johnny doing?
He's seen him lately, huh?
Don't see him no more.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pond 5, 60.
You notice how that bitch hasn't called in yet?
Let's have some women call it in.
Let's get our first lady of the year.
What do you say?
This is a very important show when it's the first show of the year, right?
I'm all fired up.
I had a nice holiday there.
I had a good time, especially after I got out of Amsterdam.
It's a pit.
It's a toilet.
You know, I'm the first one to tell you I made a mistake.
I was all those years on the airtown.
Everybody how great it was.
And not only that, but maybe it's because it's like a tourist, but they've really let the middle of the town
of the Red Light District, which really, that's a bad term because it's like the central part of the town.
And they've let it go to hell.
So for all of the roster drug dealers they had before, they must be multiplying.
They must be snapping them out in the factory.
So now there's like 10 times more than they're used to be.
And they're just all over the place and they're, you know, on a smell and they're scrubbing.
They're just too many freaks, okay?
See, before when they were all a tourist there, you didn't mind the freaks because they were in a small minority.
And so you laugh and you chuckle, ah, look at that.
But now they're the majority.
You know, it's like it's like going to overtime looking for white people.
It's just not going to happen.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
And I really, I am glad to be back briefly.
I've been too long.
I don't want to overdo it.
What?
You had to pick up a check.
Had to pick up the check.
Had to make out a few assigned a few checks.
What else?
Had to go to the track.
Make my, make my presence known there.
Visit mom.
Visit mom.
Get some of her ground brown burgers with lots and lots of pepper and paprika.
And then during the course of our lunch, she starts, she starts sipping whatever she's gotten her glass.
And it's lemonade.
And she says, oh, I can't pick that.
It makes me gag.
And she runs right on the turl it.
She runs right into her bath.
You might not even know what else she was, I can only imagine what she was doing in there.
And I said, lemonade is nothing but acid.
My, it's acidic.
And last time I checked, we weren't acidic.
But you know, it's one of those things where you know it's going to hurt you, but you do what you can crutch about it.
You follow what I'm saying?
You know, it's going to be bad for you, but you do it because it gives you something to bitch about it.
Right ma? Am I right?
Uh huh.
Here is Miami.
Hello?
Hey, Mr. Rogers.
Yes sir.
Mr. Carr, how are you doing?
Listen, that's SOB.
I don't fry you man.
Look.
Take the Patriots on the air to beat the dog.
Who's that?
Mohawad.
Mohawad.
Yeah?
Who wants to talk?
Who wants to talk?
Who are they doing picking the Patriots?
Uh the rumor I was hearing after the game was that everybody feels he put the hex on the team when they lost the game there at the out.
Okay and have a nice, whatever you're celebrating.
Nice quanza.
I just, I guess he just want to burp that out.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT and T line.
We got our first woman of the year yet?
No.
No.
What strength level quitter?
I don't know whatever, whatever they make it.
Whatever, whatever it is.
Whatever the standard is would like some instructions.
I don't know.
I'm just sitting here and popping like Pez.
Like Mickey Mouse says.
I'll be popping Gaviscan and Leviquin like Pez.
Something to knock this thing out, I'm serious.
Could you can hear it, can't you?
It's a little bit.
A little, not bad, but I've had the cool, let's see, I got it on a week ago Sunday.
I have these sort of tall drops if you want some.
Oh yeah, that'll do it, thanks.
It'll make this sh**.
I know it.
In fact, that'll get me out of here again.
I don't want to overdo it.
I don't think we should do the whole four hours today.
Let's play some tapes.
No, because it's not, see, I really thought.
Call me a moron.
I guess somebody already did.
They're moron.
Uh, but I thought that January 2 is when the holidays end.
That's why I came back.
I could have probably scanned a deal till Monday, you know what?
Well, they're coasting.
Don't you think I could have scanned until Monday?
I'll speak it to the coast.
WMGE goes hip hop.
Yeah.
It's now a WMIB.
I know I already mentioned this, but maybe we got some of the odds.
Who's heard it so far?
Because I asked kids Skurvy who was in here this morning.
They gave me a nice big fat cigar.
Do you see that big fat one at Kikurria?
Whipped out?
And I gave it to George.
By the way, kid, thanks very much, but I don't smoke those big hand-rolled ones.
Oh, especially the ones that got that mong at the end there.
I do.
On circumcised ones.
Ooh, man, that was nasty.
It looked like a famoised cigar.
I've never seen anything like that in my life, didn't it?
It's said on the end, made in famosa.
Right on the tip, it's a dead.
But anyway, he was telling me about the new hip hop, and he said it's a WEDR light.
So just what we needed was another hip hop state.
But maybe we'll get a more objective view from somebody in the audience,
because probably the people down there at power down the hall here are crapping their pants about it.
He would never let that on to me, because then I go on to your and tell you that.
All we like in Kikurria a lot.
He is a good guy for 72.
He used to meet the oldest guy in the building until somebody came along.
Here's West Palm Beach, hello.
Hello, now.
Yes, sir.
Hey, good morning. How you doing?
Great.
Hey, the only thing we're disturbing looking at more every day is when you drive well down.
Now you're back.
Yeah.
You know, the D-fo billboards everywhere.
Yes, sir. I haven't seen any of them yet, but I heard about them.
There's like two on 95, one on the turnpike.
And it's huge. It says D-fo, it's almost like he's with dollars.
And you do understand that's one for each of his listeners?
He doesn't show in the book.
He has a non-measurable audience, and he still has billboards.
More power to him.
Nice going, D-fo.
Hey, you guys see him from the way stuff, so you can't see his ankle bracelet.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah.
No, boy, does he have Matt Dawgs nuts in his hand or what?
Yes.
Very little game, Matt.
He does the play by play and the color.
I don't listen to him on radio, so I don't know about that.
Is he really stepping all over him now?
Yeah, I mean, I think he gives a cue to Matt Dawgs when he can talk.
Jim Manditch, I am a pussy.
Well, there you go.
Thanks a lot.
He's also picking on Port Joe Rose, another one of our good friends.
We even though he's a little bit of a backstabber, it's still a pretty good guy.
Right?
Especially now that I've pushed him up with his teeth.
Amen.
Yeah, we like Joe Rose.
Joe, we never had any problem with Joe.
Bonded in the morning.
Joe had a little problem with Muff that day that he wanted to take him out.
Remember that?
I was shortly after we first came up here on his floor.
Remember that?
Yeah, that was funny.
Yeah, that was because they didn't like the format, as if Muff was going to go in there to fill us and say,
oh, the water Nazi.
Sorry.
Oh, I slipped.
And, too.
And look at that.
The market is up 145 points.
Oh, there it is.
The Dow is going up.
Neel is back.
It's going to be a great new year.
You believe me?
No.
Come on.
Let's pretend we think it's going to be a great year.
Let's fly about it, start.
Let's forget about North Korea and the goddamn Iraqis and the Arabs.
Oh, it's speaking of the Arabs.
Now, you did see the thing.
I mean, talk about stupid.
I don't want to say that we're stupid.
Our intelligence people.
It's an oxymoron American intelligence.
But the FBI is talking to this Pakistani juror.
They used his picture.
See, when you get a phony passport, it's always a good idea to steal somebody else's identity.
Follow what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And somebody that you can appear to look very much like?
Right?
Right.
Or even better than whatever.
Or maybe he had another picture on there that was really his own picture.
But the fact of the matter wasn't just the one guy, obviously.
It was all five of these guys that they're looking forward came in from Toronto.
Those damn kids.
And they blame me.
They're blaming the Canadians out, which they got to take the blame because they're a bunch of slackers.
You know, when I came back, although that's American customs.
When you're coming back in the airport at Pearson.
And the guy takes your passport and he slips it through the thing in the machine.
He says, where were you?
What state were you born in?
I said in New York.
Okay, have a nice trip.
That was it.
What state were you born in New York?
That's it.
So that's a one and fifty chance there anyway.
Okay, I could have guessed it.
I could be an ass murder.
They wouldn't know.
He said, how about those maple leaves?
I said, yeah.
Don't know.
I don't know how, but we're doing it.
How about that went over Vancouver then?
I would all have injuries.
How we're doing it, baby.
Let's talk some hockey.
No.
That'll blow the rest of the audience off whatever you didn't already do with.
Now we have a lady on here.
Our first lady in the year.
Let's do a drum roll.
I bet you it's not that bitch.
Here is our first lady of 2003.
Oh.
A four-water deal.
Hello.
Welcome back, Neil.
Thank you.
How are you?
Happy New Year.
And the same to you.
Now you're not that nasty bitch that called and ripped me the other day of the George?
Oh, no.
I'm another bitch.
Okay.
I'm not a bitch.
I just wanted to say welcome back.
And you've got a lot of lady listeners.
Why do you keep saying that?
Why does everybody always say that to me?
I have a lot of lady listeners, but they just don't put us down in the diary.
Is it just unfashionable to admit they listen to the show?
Oh, no.
I tell everybody I listen to the show.
But I'm not going to write any air.
Did you get dirty look?
No.
No.
Then I tell them to, you know, uh, f off.
They tell me that.
Exactly.
Did you hear about the bruise?
It was a goldstein talent last week?
Yeah, I mentioned that before about the picture of him with the cane and the golden slippers.
Yeah.
And he was working the crowd.
I like it.
So, um...
And then this business about his girlfriend, I can assure you that that's a really stretchant
and the term too.
I think he was working it and the crowd too.
Right.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
You do.
Mary, I'm very new to you.
Mary, I'm very new to you.
Mary, Mary from Bucksnor.
Remember we heard from Mary Mary not too long ago?
That was pretty exciting.
Five to see.
We got a whole different attitude about the show this year.
Like I said, I did hear Tom Zicka was filling in for Eddie Kay one night when I was up in Toronto.
I hear, in fact, Rimmer, one of his many spy reports.
I can rip him out because he's out of town.
And I think Ferrell is still out in LA, so they're not hearing.
He's probably listening on the internet.
How you doing, Rimmer?
How's it going, A?
And that's right there.
On the way, they got to play Colorado night.
They got to play in Vancouver Saturday after the Panthers.
Big two to one win over the Comma Toast New Jersey Devils yesterday.
And the metallands with a big crowd of about 7,000-8,000 people.
Yeah, they got 38 points.
Not too bad.
They didn't even get an honor road.
Not too bad at all at home.
Kind of coma-inducing.
And nobody cares.
They've destroyed the franchise.
Even though their record is not all that bad, my keen end is doing a beautiful job.
But what kind of tell you?
Nobody cares.
Very sad.
Now that I'm back, I can go to about your hockey game, George.
Right.
Huh?
All righty.
How exciting, man.
We got it.
Can you feel it?
Can you smell it?
Like Boca-Bran said.
The beat of South Florida.
I can smell it about 1,200 miles away.
Here's another lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, sir.
I'm sorry.
I was just calling and talking to George.
How you doing?
You called George?
But you believe it or not, I really dig him.
I really do.
He's a nice guy.
He's a genius.
He is so sharp.
He's a sharp as a tack.
He's talking about ass all the time, eating ass all the time.
If he was stick to the eating ass, man, we'd be a lot better off instead trying to be this world
expert, you know, about the Koreans and about all these other gooks.
If he would just stick to the ass stuff, man, he'd have a 10-year.
I'm telling you.
Yeah.
You've probably right.
That's the world.
The world is all about eating ass.
Sneaking into that little brown crack.
Yeah, you know what?
I wouldn't mind having a little bit of that now, but besides the point.
No.
Neil, I tell you, fat.
I know fat.
Well, you know, I used to see you back in the day when the panthers were down to the arena,
and I used to run into you and I used to love going to the game.
Those were the days.
I went to the game like last weekend, and I didn't even recognize one guy on the team.
I mentioned that to Johnny, as they were watching the game.
I said, one of the reasons people don't go is they don't know who any of these players are.
They suck, and they are on top of it.
They suck, it's terrible.
But there are only four points out of first place in a little girl's division of theirs.
They're not doing too bad.
Exactly.
I guess so, but you know, it's just...
But the problem is the home games have all been so coma-inducing.
They've been just so, uh, not good.
Not good in a quick...
Not good in a quick...
Not good in a quick...
And a crowd.
Because I got the hockey package up there at your bottom,
I see little bits and pieces of the game.
And even though they try not to show you the stands every once in a while,
the camera at a certain angle,
you can see that there's nobody there.
And then they get two sellouts back to back out of the blue against the Dallas and Arangers last weekend.
And they score a total of one goal in both games.
Oh, I know. I was at the Dallas game.
It was totally producing.
I couldn't believe how bad it was.
I was bad.
And it was the first game I'm bringing my child to when it was like...
Well, my mate beliefs are doing pretty damn good.
Okay, in spite of all of our problems,
we were after the slow start.
We're doing pretty good.
Yeah, I thought about you while I was...
I heard that they were going to be playing them.
So...
I'm glad that you're back.
Not that I'm not to...
You know, in Pune, Georgia's work.
But I really miss...
Well, you know, after Georgia's fine for like, you know, a couple of days.
For about like an hour, he's pretty good.
Ten or fifteen minutes.
During a break when I go out and take a big dump,
during those few minutes, he does a masterful job.
Have a great day and a happy new year.
I'm going to leave you now because I know you are busy.
Okay, thanks.
Bye now.
Oh, I saw a great thing on one of the history channels.
See, my digital cable in Toronto was so much better than the cable we got here.
A cable here is soft jealous as can be.
No, seriously, I got about like ten different history channels.
And I got that drive-in TV channel I told you about in screen TV.
And all of this good stuff, the biography channel, etc.
With those, the different history.
But I saw a mafia documentary.
I hadn't seen before, which I thought I'd seen them all.
Go ahead and sneeze. They'll think it's me.
Ah!
Oh!
I would never sneeze.
That was like a pansy sneeze.
That was a pansy sneeze during...
I think they're right.
Huh?
That was like a little pansy.
That was like a leo de caprio sneeze.
No, please, no, I'm insulting.
Yes.
That was bad.
I'm going to tell more about that.
I'm going to leave them a note.
An anonymous note that Guava Eaton spic sneezes like a pansy.
Remember Matt LaPanzi?
He was in that movie, you know, my tutor.
And they got married to Olivia Newton's John.
Sir, watching this mafia.
You think she's related to Elton John?
No.
So I haven't talked about fat boy yet from our sales department.
And we haven't wheeled the gurney up here yet with his body strap to it.
This is the year, I think.
Now we're going to carry over the money from my ex-year's office pool on fat boy.
Does that carry over to 2003?
It's a roll over time.
Double or nothing?
Here's a call from Miami. Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Wait a second. How are you?
Excellent.
Except for my little frog, I'm doing pretty good.
Yeah, I'm listening to all this mohauer, David's stuff.
Actually, his name is Mohauer.
Yeah.
I think I hate it as much as Lee Corso.
Oh, yeah, he's another one.
I mean, that'd be a good pool one, wait.
Let's take a pool one day.
Who do you hate the most?
Lee Corso or Bino Cook?
It's a push.
Neil, this guy's mohauer.
I mean, this guy comes into town.
He's going to understand him when he comes out of this radio station.
I know he did Monday night football.
He thinks he's big time.
Yeah.
It's you that Hank?
And a man dog.
And then Manditch.
Right.
And then Mohauer.
I mean, this guy is awful.
You left out guilty.
Well, guilty.
Neil, this guy's going to understand that now that there's no football to talk about,
what is he going to talk about?
Yeah, what's he going to do now?
How is he going to cut Geldy off at the pass every time he brings up something about the Panthers are hockey?
How is he going to do that now?
And of course, I guess what he'll probably do is milk the dolphin thing,
which he would be easy to do in this town, because they'll be crying about it until April 15 when the drab comes,
or whatever the date in April is.
Well, he doesn't even like the dolphins.
He likes the jet, and he likes the Patriots.
Well, all I can say is it's a little bit suspect for a guy that used to do the Celtics games,
and worked in Boston all those years to be picking the Patriots to beat the dolphins,
and then pretend to Harvey Green.
He's just doing it as a joke.
See, he's talking about me doing things under the guise of stick,
and yet, which I really do, and yet in his case, he does things that pretend he's only joking about him,
and turns out that who knows.
I think it's BS that he didn't say he fired the beast.
I mean, give me a break.
Sir, I'm going to tell you right now, as George is my witness,
there is no chance in the world that anybody other than Mohawar David blew the beast off at that show.
Not only did he blow him off the show, but the morning that Howard took the day off,
or was sick, or whatever, and the beast was interacting with Geldey on there,
he called in and said, get him off of there.
He's unprofessional.
Let him do the scores on the updates, but don't let him get on the show,
and I was in the building when it happened.
I was here.
But he's good enough to do sideline reporting for the hurricane.
Well, forget about whether he's good or bad.
I mean, he can come on here and say he's the worst thing he ever heard,
and that's his opinion, he's in title, it's his show.
But why does he always deny it?
Why does he always put it over on me?
Oh, you heard it with the train monkeys, and he can say anything, and they believe it?
Why would I make that up?
What would be the point of am I making that up?
I know.
But maybe we should just put Jim Rome on in the morning.
Oh, God. Have a great day.
He was doing so good up until that point, you know what?
Rome, you ever heard Rome?
Well, I haven't checked the affiliate.
Oh, yeah, check the affiliate list.
Well, they got a pretty weak signal.
147 votes on a poll on thearrogers.com.
Let's get this audience back, baby.
George butchered it.
Let's get it back.
Okay, let's not beat around a bush when George is on the audience.
He flies away from here, but that's he can't help it.
He's got, you know, he's lame.
Actually, George is the problem with George's.
He needs a voice transplant.
He's like, yo, maybe we can get a two for one deal.
Because the words that are coming out are fine.
What you're saying?
What you're saying? No, you don't need to coach.
You need a transplant. A voice transplant.
Maybe let's strap on a couple of balls at the same time.
Well, I'm not high pitched.
If you ever speak to that man again, I ain't gonna.
I mean, am I wrong what I'm saying?
No. If somebody, I mean, he, you don't work for him.
He has no authority.
He already tried.
Definitely. Dan here got you fired.
But the first time was it in his case.
They ain't gonna happen.
So, so what power does he have over you with this program?
He has no business interfering with this program.
None, and he doesn't.
And if the management, he read any brains,
they would make damn sure they keep his ass away from this program.
I mean, he can take all of a shot.
And these people, oh, Ginger Rogers, what do I care?
I think that's amusing. That's fine.
If Mohaward is okay, what's wrong with Ginger Rogers?
I got a sense of humor. I can take all of a crap.
But there's a difference between stick.
And at business that not so subtle business about the Oregon ducks
and about how they don't want to be on it.
And you know something, if the hurricanes came in tomorrow
on the day of the goddamn festival,
and they said, we don't want your broadcasting hurricane sports anymore,
until you get that fat faggot off there.
See that? How do you like?
All right.
The power just went out.
Right in the middle of that sentence,
I feel like freaking Howard Beale.
No, not that much like Howard Beale.
Now, what the hell was I saying? Are we back on?
We lost the power.
But the amazing thing is the phones are all still on here.
How do you like to throw all on little backups?
You know those things in there that beep?
We have backup power supplies down here.
Oh, I have that in Toronto even.
Even my little studio up there.
I would say to George before the show today,
how come I got a better studio with better equipment in Toronto
and a much better internet?
I mean, my connection up there on Bells in Pateco was sensational.
Never have one moment of downtime. There's no delay.
Everything is instantaneous.
I punch in the words Tom Brady on a search,
his naked picture comes up life size.
Yeah.
But down here, everything is like kind of like not slow, not fast,
just kind of like half fast.
That's the way it is.
So the power just went out.
Muff came in. He's chuckling.
Got a hand at him. He's the only one here today in management.
Clarence is out there to fiestible, like I said,
trying to get laid in Arizona.
He doesn't realize Arizona is like an outdoor nursing home.
You got to feel at home there, you know?
Now maybe, because I saw that big article in one of the local fish wrappers
this morning about what a change since 87 and that that
embarrassing fiestible at Jimmy Johnson thing with the,
the hurric, that's where the whole hurriccoon thing started.
That's when I started calling the hurriccoons.
When they were wearing a khakis, the gangster,
hurriccoons, all that stuff.
And what a change. These are the gentler, nicer, kinder,
yadda, yadda, yadda, yadda.
Great.
By the way, did Georgia have other than that one kid
that defensive backed and the quarterback, who's like a mugwamp,
who I think is from Aintree, that they have any white kids on that team at all?
No.
That's what they won. That's what they kicked Florida State's ass last night.
Oh my God, what a desperate day I forgot.
Not only did the dolphins embarrass on Sunday,
but the Gators and the Noles were lost yesterday.
Oh! Right, let's hear it.
I always started out in a game, rooting for Georgia.
And then I kind of turned because I realized that they didn't have any white guys on the team.
So I started rooting for FSU and then I went to bed.
It was a pretty terminal game.
Let's face it, the Huracun's are a semi-pro team.
They're going to be the national champion.
They're going to beat the crap out of Ohio State like I started to say before the power went out,
before an active...
Oh, God.
Uh, if the Huracun's came in or not, it said we don't want to be on here unless you get any arroggers off here.
They said, okay, good luck over there with Clear Channel.
This station makes big fat juicy money off the show,
which you never know, and they wouldn't have any spots.
But that's because it's the, you know, end of the year, first of the year.
Big bucks from the show.
Huracans, you make any money from that?
No.
No, not only that, but then that contract we have to carry those basketball games and the baseball games.
I mean, nobody's listening to those, okay?
And I'm saying that haven't done six years of UN baseball, which I enjoyed,
but I knew that nobody was listening.
You could fit them into a goddamn broom closet.
And the proof and the pudding they get on campus basketball stadium after all these years of whining and excuses.
And they'll have a big crowd there Saturday because it's the grand opening.
But after that, they'll have the same 1100 people in there that they used to have in a arena.
Won't be any different.
There's no interest.
Oh, come on, you're wrong, Near.
And you're just being a star, but okay, we'll see.
We'll see.
Just like the Panthers are going to have all sell out, so where's the deal?
I can feel it.
I can smell it.
Come on, let's get out that, I'm going to get out that mini-disk.
We love your pants.
There's, come on, let's whip up some excitement.
No.
No, they don't care.
See, I'm learning it.
It's taken me about 100 years to learn my lesson.
You're not going to change these people.
You're not going to change this town.
They don't give a flying crap, okay?
They don't give a flying flick.
Look at that, even my TV went off.
And how come we got, is this thing working out of satellite?
Oh.
Now, what is that?
Oh, I spun you.
I don't want to English.
Is this going to flip over to something or what?
I have to do something with it.
I don't know.
I did it with it.
Oh, my God.
The power goes up.
I haven't been on, I haven't been on to your hair for an hour and a half.
And I'm ready to power one out.
The TV goes off.
The internet's like marginal at best.
Slow as molasses.
Man, you could stick a goddamn hose into the side of a maple tree and get the, you know,
six gallons of maple syrup faster than you can get onto neo-riders.com on this website.
Right, am I right?
Right.
What I say on this website, I'm just a thing.
You know, there's a piece of crap.
How's Eric doing, by the way?
Just fine.
26 past 10 at 5, 60 WQAM.
Tom Lehman and General Sales Manager Joe Prieto of HalicPontiag GMC are in the spirit of the
season.
I don't think this is the right copy.
Isn't it the one you took off the facts machine?
I don't think so.
I think this is the wrong piece of copy.
Oh, no.
This is the one I brought from Toronto.
No, they supposedly facts you won this morning.
Well, you know what?
Let me look for it.
No, you know, I'm not talking about like with music.
I'll look for a while running here.
Here, I can kill a little time.
Don't you like my little red food?
It's got all the copy in it.
I just stick it in my sack.
I take it to Toronto.
I take it to bring it back here.
I know I got a new copy for HalicPontiag.
I sure want to get Tom Lehman all upset.
He'll be getting phone calls right now.
You know that faggot screwed up your spot?
No, I did not yet.
I'm working on it, Tom.
Maybe it's in a waste basket.
Oh.
Oh.
Well, let's see.
Is that it?
No.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Here's a whole bunch of crap that came over the fags machine that you were making copies
on didn't work out too well.
I think somebody took a dump in this waste basket.
Here's some of the mail I went through.
Thanks to my good friend Dave Johnson for his yearly Christmas card.
The series got Philis Diller on it with him.
We should have known from that.
When you shut that crap off, we should have known right from that day.
The first day that Greg, remember that day when Greg brought Mo in here in the first time I ever met him?
Right.
To suck up, you know, and to try to break him in a little bit and make him feel at ease.
I don't think I did get a new copy for HalicPontiag.
You got me looking here like some kind of a schmuck.
I don't think I ever got it.
So what should we do?
Should we defer the spiles?
Let's move it around.
Maybe they'll fax us in new comp.
Let's do Emerald Coast or something.
Let's do Emerald Coast right now and then we'll work on that.
Now I did get a new copy for Emerald Coast.
Have I got it here somewhere?
See you've got me all turned around because we got so many spots today.
I can't keep track of all these a piece of copy.
Here's a good idea.
The new year, let's ring it in the right way and let's attack the buffet.
Huh?
Let's attack the buffet at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
Sounds good to me.
In fact, I think this weekend I'm going to get over there.
They got three locations for you.
Sunrise, North Miami Beach and the newest Emerald Coast is in prestigious
geriatric pember pines.
Start your mouthwatering, eating experience, your pick out experience,
with six different soups, try them all, try one or two or whatever you like.
Stick stuff in your pants.
Then sample dozens of succulent entrees, oriental surf and turf on the weekends,
and New York strip made the order with the gourmet center.
And that gourmet center was something really special.
A sizzling Asian grilled with teriyaki, steak, shrimp chicken, seafood, hand-carb
premium, like I said, all cooked to your order.
And the Emerald Coast buffet promotes healthy living.
They cook all of their fine stuff with cholesterol-free oils,
no MSG, no cornstarch, no cramp.
And the buffet at the Emerald Coast features a full salad bar, a new
sushi bar at Freshroom Cocktail 2.
An Emerald Coast famous lobster fest is back featuring lobster
thermators and lobster bisque.
One requirement at the Emerald Coast, you must leave room for dessert.
They got pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings,
and fresh fruit is the perfect ending to unforgettable meal.
This is the right copy either.
No, I'm just, I don't know, maybe I screwed up.
Is that possible?
I know that's not the right copy.
And I just want to take a look and see if I find the other one.
There might be something different in it.
Maybe they don't have lobster fest.
I don't know. I think the best idea is go over there and see what they got.
And that a good idea?
Sounds great.
They got something good.
See, they got lots of good stuff.
See how you want to attack the buffet.
I think maybe the two different pieces of copy disappeared here.
The new ones.
Because this is 1129.
Oh, in fact, this one says, yeah.
Oh, thanks so much.
Copy, showing it.
Give me also an Emerald Coastal while you're at it.
We got Halette.
We got Emerald Coast.
I got all kind.
I probably threw out the new ones.
Now, I'm not going to do that spot over again.
Okay.
No, well, we're not on the year anyway here.
This is just in dry run.
Is this really on the year?
No.
Oh, I didn't think so.
This looks like a real radio studio to me.
It looks like a piece of crap.
Looks like a joke.
Emerald Coast now with three locations.
Sunrise at Pine Island.
44th Collins Avenue.
Just north of 163rd, North Miami Beach.
And at the intersection of Flamingo and Pemberg Road in Pemberg Pines.
Where's my drugs, by the way?
Emerald Coastal, except reservations.
Take out and delivery available as well.
Call 9545723822 for more information on the Emerald Coast.
And look for their new Oriental Chicken Salad.
It's more than just chicken Schmidt at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
My and locals, this is Sports Radio 560.
You a-you a-you a-you.
It's Halette.
Halette David.
It's coming up.
Get your new year's Eve party started.
It's coming up.
Get your new year's Eve party started.
Get the party started on a New Year's Eve night.
We'll have lots of liquid and baby bites.
I'll be getting energy.
All of my friends just cause it's midnight.
Don't need this party yet.
We'll be going all night cause that is a goal.
Before it's a level we'll be held here in the back.
Please.
It's coming up.
Get your new year's Eve party started.
Get the party started now baby.
It's coming up.
Get your new year's Eve party started.
Invite to Raylions, don't forget.
1035, I heard it a great party.
1035 at 560 W.
Here's some good news for our friend Phil Donahue.
Excellent news.
We got some tabloid crap here.
ReadjustSavesDonahue.
Who's obsessed?
Who's been dicking with this?
I don't know who's been dicking with it but I'm not playing it all week
and it sure as hell wasn't on continuous.
How do you like that?
I told you when I came in here this morning it's obvious that somebody was having heavy duty
in here yesterday or last night or whatever.
And they got all this sports crap on my computer.
That wouldn't have been me either.
On the URL line you know when you go and you click on all your favorites
you got ESPN.com and sportscrap.com and sportsnure.com
And there's a big sign on the door out there that says don't dick with any of the computers on in here
and no matter who you are or what you're doing or how much you know Greg read
and they still come in here and dick around.
I think just out of spite.
I think Robert Gryper done it.
Don't trust him as far as you can control him.
Okay just remember I told you that.
I don't want to start turning you against anybody in the building.
Just don't trust Robert. Don't speak to Moe.
Don't trust Robert and watch out for guilty.
Regis saves Donahue.
Phil gave him a big hug and said Reg really came in and came through for him.
Phil Donahue's floundering news show has gotten a new lease on life.
Thanks to Regis Filben.
Here's a pal.
Guess who stepped up to help me out.
He's priceless Donahue declared thanking Chad King Filben for guessing on his show.
With critics predicting that Donahue's MSNBC gig was close to getting axed.
He needed a tried-and-tru audience poor.
Who better than the wildly popular co-host of live with Regis and Kelly?
See I don't understand that I like Regis.
You know?
And we'll never forget that day before he became too big for his virtues when we had him on the phone and he said
It's big meal. It's big and about the point.
I like him but why is he so wildly popular?
I have no idea.
He doesn't mean he's amusing.
Not real funny but amusing in only kind of a low-key way.
Cute.
Yeah.
But I don't feel personally called Regin asked him to help save his shows as a source and reach came through for him.
Even though he usually runs a mile from anything political.
Regin told him everybody needs it helping hands sometime.
That's what I tell a lot of guys.
Even the great Fil Donahue just tell me how I can help.
Phil explained he was at his wits end trying to figure out why his show was sinking.
Regis told him, look pal, paly.
Nobody knows why you aren't getting the ratings you deserve but if I appear as a guest we'll have a good laugh if nothing else.
And that's exactly what happened December 10th for an hour at least.
The dark cloud has been hovering over Donahue for the past few months seem to disappear.
Since its July debut the shows remained in a distant third as we've been telling you with the ratings from the Grudge report.
Phil could hardly contain his emotions as an insider as he gave Regia Big hug and told him you came through for me when I really needed you.
Thanks pal and did he and MSNBC spokesman confirms the Monahue show ratings have improved.
See wait now it doesn't say what the ratings are in here though.
I'd like to know exactly what they were.
Maybe we'll have to talk to our good friend, Mrs Grudge.
Not I don't mean like personal but I get it over the website.
Says the insider, Regi told the networks Bigwigs,
Phil's a terrific broadcaster who deserves to be right up there with the other big cable shows we should all give him a break.
It's big nail, it's big and a boat.
Good for your rage I told these good guys better that Notre Dame thing and how about Notre Dame yesterday?
Oh man do you like that game George?
They got walloped by North Carolina State I loved it.
Almost better than sexual satisfaction is watching Notre Dame lose especially watching him get entrounced.
Here's the fact that says no mo mo happy New Year to you and George too.
How did George do let's get some spy reports.
Do you kneel and George happy New Year I'm looking forward to another year of being chronic.
Oh no!
Oh I got a headache.
You know who this is from?
See tried new print so I wouldn't recognize who it's from.
Generic like new type.
Yes.
Jeff High's buddy David and his brother Corey a new listener.
Well send us a picture of Corey and how old is he?
Now let's you know if we care David or not.
Get yourself some help David okay and your buddy Jeff High which I'm glad he did fax me this because he reminded me of the other piece of uh...
news on the agenda that I haven't spoken about yet.
But because we got so many call here's Fort Lauderdale hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir. Happy New Year.
Same to you.
Well about six years ago I moved to North Florida and I told you that and you told me it'd be the biggest mistake of my life.
Yeah.
And you were right I moved back.
Told you.
I was in Tower Hasse of all places.
Just like I told you about Amsterdam it's a pit.
Yep and also I just want to say that I'm not sure you know the town...
The seminal is a weird I know you was just talking about him.
What was the final score that came?
I don't know I couldn't stand to watch it anymore.
I went to bed.
I couldn't stand to watch it not because of the fact that it was a bad game but it just I didn't have no interest.
Exactly.
No like guys.
It was kind of like watching Florida A&M is that the score that's all black and gambling you know.
Exactly.
The ratlers.
Yeah.
That's them.
They're the right streets from the seminals.
It's kind of a bleed over you know.
Also.
Okay he's gone.
He disappeared out there.
He didn't hang up.
See what just happened on our phone again.
Somebody's sticking with the whole thing and here the power went out the phone went dead.
Welcome back to South Florida.
Like I said I have better luck in Toronto with all my equipment there.
Never have any of these problems.
We haven't even been on here.
Not even close to two hours yet today.
And already everything is in the cracker.
Thank God that muff is here.
You know what?
Oh thank God for that.
Where the hell would we be?
We'd be between a rock and a hard thing.
A lot.
5, 6, 7.
Come on let's get this phone lit up.
I understand we've got some phone problems but let's get going here man.
First day of the new year.
Welcome back happy new year.
Wouldn't you think they'd be calling in by the ones?
Oh they have to figure out your back.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah I think it was 36-13 in the summer of the year.
What was it?
36-13 I think.
Well that's pretty weak.
Pretty weak.
But hey 7-1 got 5 this over.
Big on one.
Okay great call up one of the sports shows.
Okay they'll talk to the guys who we can't understand talking through a mitten.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8, 5, 6, 8.
The good thing about that game though was very entertaining.
They had Terry Bowden on it the half time show.
You know Bobby's son.
The mugwomp.
You'd enjoy even though you're not into sports.
You would enjoy seeing Terry Bowden just for a couple of minutes.
He is definitely the Aintree Special.
I'm Tony.
He's the definitive Aintree Special.
You'll find him up in the tree with a cube of the banjo.
Guaranteed.
Terry Bowden.
19 before 11 at 5, 60, WQA.
I'm Tom Laman and General Sales Manager at GeoPriate over at Halipondiag GMC.
Wish Neil Rogers listeners a very happy new year.
Well I could have said that.
At Halipag Checkout the area's biggest selection of 2003 GMC on voice, on voice excels,
Yukon, Yukon XLs and Denali's.
That's right, nobody's got a bigger one, a bigger selection than Halip.
Then my good friend Bow-Halip over at Pompo-No Park.
He said he's got a big one.
That's what Walter Hennessey said.
Hey by the way, nice going Mickey McNichol at a pretty good night there Monday.
What's going on Mickey?
Halip also has a great selection of pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs.
Credit problems, never a problem in Halip.
So for the biggest selection known GMC SUVs,
Neil Deals and lots more, see our good close personal friends at Halipondiag GMC.
134-1 South-Tixie Highway.
That's US-1 across from the falls open every day of your life, seven days a week.
For more information called the Neil Deals Hotline, at 1-885-344-2-11.
That's 1-885-344-4-2-11.
And don't forget to mention you heard about the Neil Deals because you'll always say
even more when you be mentioned in my name.
Halipondiag GMC, who continue saying even in this new year, we be professional grades.
My, my and local, this is 4-3-0560.
You way, you way.
I just got.
He was obsessed.
Harry, are you in there?
Oh yeah.
With a need for privacy.
Harry, come out, you're in here.
He spent hours locked in his little fantasy world.
Harry, are you listening to me?
You've been in there long enough.
The bathroom.
Harry, Harry, Harry, I'm coming.
And what have you been doing in here all morning young man?
The young, the dango.
We know brothers pictures presents the gripping tale of.
Harry, Palmer, privately showing this November.
10-45-560-WDQ, I'm happy new year too.
And George has decided to come back in.
What's going on?
What are you looking at?
Doesn't.
Well, when you start dancing around with Carlos like that and doing the dango,
you know, hyperventilating like that, it makes me wonder what the hell is going on here.
Something I don't know about.
Like we've been off the air last hour or something maybe?
Uh.
No, seriously, what is going on here?
I'm so glad to be here, folks, not.
I was trying to get hold of some talent sheets, but uh.
But what?
But Duff was too far down the hall for me to holler at him.
He was just in the doorway.
He was just standing around the doorway.
Hey, Duff, we need some talent sheets.
Okay, so we can get our talent delivered by the pony.
In case it doesn't get sidetracked in Memphis in Dallas first.
He moves kind of quick.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
Back home and Verizon Marvellous Line.
Here's Halendale, hello.
Hey, Neil, happy new year.
Sandy User.
How's it going?
All right.
I have a question that might be very interesting for your listeners, but.
Yeah.
Uh.
Since I am just completely sick of this test pool that we live in, I was just curious.
Can you just tell me a little bit about how you were able to, I mean, I know you make a lot of money.
So obviously I'm not like you, but as far as living in Toronto or in Canada in general, I mean, how, how could one go about moving up there?
I mean, I know do you have to have dual residency to do that?
And it's very expensive out there compared to here and.
No, it's a lot cheaper there because of Canadian dollars.
Only worth 63.5 cents a.
So it's a good bargain for Americans.
Yeah, that's true.
That's true.
But I don't have to be a Canadian citizen.
I mean, look at all the people that have apartments down here that are not American citizens.
They're like the snowbirds.
They don't, uh, you don't have to be a Canadian citizen.
But as far as being a US citizen, do you have to maintain residency here or how?
Yeah, that's why I come back every once in a while just long enough to put my toe on the soil.
Okay.
Is it, uh, is that a place you'd recommend or any other places in Canada?
Well, I mean, when you say is it a place I'd recommend for what?
I mean, what does that mean?
I recommend.
I don't know what that means.
For an ordinary slept like my self food, you know, it's just a hard working guy who's just absolutely sick of this place.
Well, Toronto is a great city.
I'll tell you that.
If you don't like the cool weather, you wouldn't like it because they got plenty of cool weather.
But it's not the real nasty grotesque.
In fact, it's even not nearly as bad as upstate New York, even though it's further north because it's on the North Shore Lake Ontario.
So they don't get like the real bad buffalo roaches to upstate New York weather.
Okay.
I love Toronto, but that doesn't mean you'd like it just because I like it.
I mean, I like rock and roll ice cream.
Oh, no, absolutely not.
I just heard from people outside of it because to be honest with you, I'm only fortunate to hear your show every couple of months because of work and all that.
Well, that's acceptable.
That's that's no good.
Yeah.
I know.
I've listened to the car.
No, there should have been one more selection on our pool for the New Year's resolution.
And that should be to listen to Neil Rogers a lot more in 2003.
That's right.
We need to get that loyal audience back on here now that we've been sabotaged all around us here by these sports nerds.
Yeah, absolutely.
I agree.
And if I could believe me, I would listen to you 24th.
Okay, I'll see you at the Olive Center, pal.
Thanks a lot.
And could you play an old guy named Irving and whatever that is.
Okay.
And don't go to pizza pizza.
You'll hate it.
Well, he wants to master our recommendations.
You know, how do you attack the buffet at pizza pizza?
It's it's they don't have good pizza there.
At least I haven't discovered any yet.
I can't be eating pizza anyway. I can't eat the crust.
How's everybody ponytail doing?
Fine.
Now, do we get any reports before I start ripping him and ask about fat boy?
Let me give you the good news about my close personal friend, Fat Rich.
And last time I was here, then I tell the story about how he was all blown up like a bullfight.
I didn't talk about it too much because it was embarrassing.
He was what's specific about his issue.
He was let's say retaining water.
Okay, so here's a guy that ordinarily weighed about, I don't know, three something.
And then pretty hefty guys had the weight problem like many of the rest of us only more so for years.
And blew up like a bullfrog.
In fact, there were some of us who were like not looking forward to the end of the year.
We thought he wasn't going to make the office pool, you know.
And I find out while I'm in Toronto, I get a frantic call.
Come to find out that he had another one of his collapses and work passed out.
Had to be rushed to the hospital.
Took his blood pressure with 50 over 30.
Oh!
You know what kind of a blood pressure 50 over 30 is, sir?
Dead.
Close.
And they found out that one of his chambers of his heart wasn't working.
This said looks like Marilyn Chambers and she ain't doing too good now either.
Is she dead?
I don't think so.
No.
Which is the one that's dead?
Oh, Linda Lovelace is dead.
Right.
And John Holmes.
Right.
I'll tell you who else ought to be dead.
That's Herschel, what's his name?
Herschel, not Herschel Walker.
Herschel Savage.
You know who he is?
No.
Porn out movie star?
No.
He's dead.
These old cockers, man, they're still making movies.
I can't believe it.
Herschel Savage.
Peter North.
Ron Jeremy.
Uh huh.
Yeah, exactly.
What is that all about?
He could do it.
So anyway, the good news is he lost a bundle of weight.
They put a pacemaker in.
He looks great.
I saw him at the track Monday night.
He's walking.
He's bouncing around.
He's doing fine.
Let's hear it for fat rates.
Good guy.
Never stole a freight train.
Now getting to the other fat guy, which is not quite as good of a story.
Fat boy, aka Jeff Hyde.
Let's do the lady first in Lauderdale by the sea.
Hello?
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
This is Rhonda.
I'm from Iowa.
Well, help me, Rhonda.
Oh, sure thing.
Hey, I thought you used to go to Amsterdam.
I just got through talking about Amsterdam.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I just got on the line.
I thought I was going to Lauderdale by the sea.
Oh, I'm going out on Amsterdam.
I'm not too crazy about it anymore.
It's gotten to be a real pit.
It's a toilet.
Oh, no.
I tell you what, this is our best season down here in Florida.
My husband retired two years ago.
Yeah.
So I call it long term.
So we're down here for three months.
And this has been the best December.
And the best New Year so far.
And I wanted to wish you happy New Year.
And the same to you.
So thanks, but.
Yeah.
And this has been great.
Golfstream opens tomorrow.
Oh.
Yeah.
A lot of islands are in town for the big game, too.
A lot of what?
Islands are in for the big game.
We play UFC in the Orange Ball.
Well, that's right.
The Orange Ball's tonight, right?
It is.
Yeah, eight o'clock.
In fact, I bet you we got to hear on QM from 8 to midnight.
We do.
I'm looking to my schedule right now.
Thanks for reminding me.
And the Panthers Colorado game is on Waxi 790.
What kind of crap is that?
Is that an embarrassment or what?
We don't even have a local team playing in the Orange Ball.
And we got the Panthers were firming out to 790.
Waxi, that's embarrassing.
No, seriously, if I'm a member of the Panther organization,
it's not bad enough that Moe won't let the Guldi talk hockey in the morning.
But here we got the Panther hockey game.
And we farm it out to a make-believe station.
Nobody knows where it is on the dial 790.
Oh, goodness.
Well, have a great new year, Rana.
Oh, thank you.
You too, Neil.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
Okay, here's the facts.
It says, bad tidings for cable news pack.
For cable news networks, a war with the wreck may not be such a bad thing.
CNN headline news, MSNBC, and CNN.
The CNBC suffered double digit drops in the year end ratings versus 2001.
Yada yada.
Well, that's great.
Thanks for telling me this.
American Morning with Paul Azon jumped 32% in total viewership.
Baba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba.
The show still frails boxes two-hour fox and friends,
fashes to comedy show.
MSNBC saw its biggest gains in timeslot that it considers placeholders.
The 7pm countdown Iraq boosted the slot 20% versus the third quarter,
and then it worked previously here at Knockman now, and it fired him.
He is awful.
Not only is he fat and non-photogenic, he's just awful.
He has nothing to say.
MSNBC reports which succeeded actually Banfield on location at 10pm has improved the slot by 30%.
Well, that's nice to know, but the problem is I asked about Donahue.
Right?
Let's find out about those Donahue numbers and see if he did anything during that week when Regis was on to try to bail his sorry old ass out.
Poor Phil.
I'll tell you one thing.
Poor Phil, my ass.
Poor Neil, man.
Look at these phones here.
Until we had the power thing there, we had like a lot of calls on here.
And then that discouraged him and they all ran away.
We got 8 million open lines, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
I feel so unloved on the AT&T and wireless line.
Must be that dolphin game.
What a shame.
What a shame that they blew it right there in the end that they choked and gagged and were crying and weeping and carrying on like a bunch of overgrown children.
Not again.
It sounded like Fredo there in the Godfather, after they shot his daddy.
Again, he's sitting rocking back and forth on the curb, and that's what the dolphin fans were doing too.
What a shame.
You should have known it was coming, man.
Leather Point lead five minutes to play.
This is the same team by the way that came back from about a 600 point deficit against the Bears in the last few minutes.
So you should have known we could have pulled it out.
That's what I told Tom Brady.
I called him before the game.
I said, when did doubt pull it out Tom?
And he did.
Right there at the end.
5, 6, and we had 201 votes on the pool on NeilRodgers.com. That's pretty promising.
What's your New Year's resolution this year?
New Year's resolutions are for assholes.
86 people said that 42.7%.
Said New Year's resolutions are for assholes.
George made one.
He's an asshole.
To grow up here at balls.
And not speak to Mo.
No Mo.
Lose weight 42.
Well, I do that every year.
I'm tired of doing that.
All I got is like 35 pounds.
It's the same 35 pounds I've been bitching about for how many years on a year now?
Right.
Many, many years.
You could walk it off.
Just start walking to and from work.
Okay.
Well, in that case, I'll have to leave now.
To get home by one.
Have a lot more sex 41.
Now we're talking 20.2% want a lot more sex this year.
All right.
Don't take any crap from anybody 17.
Quit boozing 10.
And quit smoking 5.
Of course, we didn't say quit smoking what?
Right.
Your choice.
You know that they're right on the verge.
Something in fact, when I get back up to Toronto this spring is going to be when they're going to pass the legalization or at least decolonization of marijuana law.
We were following.
And are you also aware of the fact that this country is like given in the muscle the elbow like spreading them like that?
We're going to do this here.
We're going to do that.
You better not do that.
Because this country is obsessed with putting people in jail.
That's all they know from is putting American citizens in jail.
If you look at somebody cross side, if you say condolences a bitch, they're going to put your ass in jail.
Because it's a fascist, effin' country is what it's become.
Very sad.
That guy that called before about, you know,
let me go up there and see if you like it.
Don't ask me if Toronto's a place where you want to live.
You know, Mucky see Mucky do.
They have websites with classifies.
No, you're not going to find out on a website.
Go and visit there.
Stay in a nice hotel.
Check out the downtown.
Get in a cab.
Go around town.
Take a little dip in Lake Ontario.
It's only about 15 below.
Have a good time.
Go to a hockey game.
Here's plantation. Hello.
Oh, yes. How you doing?
Okay, sir.
All right. Welcome back and happy New Year.
And the same to you.
All right. A quick chapter before.
I 75 Southbound between Sheridan and Griffin.
There's two trucks tangled up.
I 75.
Yes, Southbound.
Okay, thanks for the tip off.
And thanks for the hard work.
There's something else I want to say.
Yes.
One day I turned into the Moe Howard.
So damn Moe.
And he sucked.
Yeah.
I'm believeably George had a good show.
So don't not George.
I like George.
George.
Who's knocking George?
I'm knocking George.
I'm asking the audience how did he do?
And you're telling me he had a good show.
He's doing great.
I like it.
I really enjoyed the show.
Okay.
Okay. Thanks a lot, guys.
Okay. Thank you. And most of us.
Thanks a lot and happy New Year.
They're picking on my good buddy Moe.
How do you like that?
Shaveful.
The Moe I think about him, the most sick I get.
That morning when he ran two minutes over and still had to come back
and give us stokha that whole.
And talk about you undermining the emperor or whatever that was about.
That's the, that's the, I told you before the show.
That's the only time when I was in Toronto these late,
I had these ten days, that I turned it on.
I was sitting in there watching my computer or something.
And I reached over and I opened a pot to see what was going on.
And the two minutes late they ran, which I don't understand.
How come off the morning show can't get out at nine o'clock?
And they got so much important crap?
Maybe it's because they only got three hours to fill.
They got so much heavy duty stuff.
They can't get out on time.
It's like us today.
We got so many spots we can't get out of here on time.
Five and the local.
This is five sixteen.
The radio's on yours.
You win.
I will remember this golden gasser.
Wonderful WQAM.
While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death,
the one thing you have to defend on is your car.
With two canoes left on the rise,
the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Car alarm.
Now bring you an old Jewish guy named Eisen.
Get away from my corner of the hill.
You big and the half.
Remember when we used to post a fact in Caribbean?
If we were to get a bundle of the fish, maybe the white ones are cooler.
Get away from my corner of the hill.
You big and the half.
What the hell is that?
I object seriously.
For a fan of these lights out.
Get away from my corner of the hill.
You big and the half.
Get away from my corner of the hill.
You big and the half.
Whenever some bastard tries to steal my car,
I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Eisen.
Get away from my corner of the hill.
You big and the half.
Get your old Jewish guy named Eisen car alarm now.
And receive a free flower antenna.
Get away, get away, get away from my corner of the hill.
You big and the half.
And old Jewish guy named Eisen car alarm.
Now we're available at all Zeyr's stores.
111-1-560-WQM. There is not one call on the board.
Boy, you talk about a real slap in the face.
27 years of slapping over this hot microphone.
I come back after all of these months of being away after a long wonderful vacation.
Well, it's my fault.
And George, Dreary, what are the faxes or comments they've
George did a great job in your presence.
Of course, those are the people who are still listening.
Right, just wait.
That's why I never take a poll about how did you do right after I come back?
Because the ones who like you, those 20 or 30, are, they're still listening.
And then it takes me about a month to get the whole audience back.
And then I go on vacation again.
See not a good idea.
We'll get some calls on here.
You'll see.
Now, what is this article you just heard?
This is from Carlos, by the way.
I'm reading this cold from the Boston Globe.
1229 2002.
It's about Carlos' close personal friend, Moa Howard David.
Good for crisp.
Every weekday, the host of the Howard David show in Miami's WQM,
signs off after his six to nine AMs that would have a nice day and paradise.
There's irony in that because Miami hardly welcomed David, arguably the best known radio voice on the nation's sporting landscape,
with open ears last March, when he was also named the Play-by-Play voice of the dolphins.
It wasn't because David was in the Orchard because Miami certainly well populated with transplanted New Yorkers.
It also wasn't because David's voice of it becomes synonymous with Monday Night Football after calling those games
and the Super Bowl for the past six seasons with Westwood One Radio seasons when his resonating basso profundo
let you know immediately where you were on the dial.
David takes the high road on being replaced by Marv Albert at Westwood One last season,
calling his 23-year association with the network a rewarding experience.
The thought of it was saying down here.
Because of the NFL's proprietary control of network replays,
we've heard Gil Santos's call of the Patriot Super Bowl victory often.
Boston was scheduled to hear David's version last February when WEEI and WBCN
scheduled dueling radio replays of the Patriot Super Bowl victory until the NFL stepped in.
Suffice to say, David's call heard this week on ESPN's Sports Center Year in Review segments
also was good but we digress.
The problem with David in Miami was personal.
To many Miamians, David's voice had become extricably associated with the offense main rivals.
They hated New York Jets for whom he did play by play for the previous four years.
How do you like that?
Sounds a little gay.
When David became one of those transplanted New Yorkers last March doing his morning show
with partner Steve Geldey Goldstein, the local butch from the Cape Coral types were ready to pounce.
The attitude was how dare you come into our domain said, David, believe me, I still have the scars.
David was confident he could win over the fandom once he started doing the games
but that was six months and a long hot summer away.
I'm reading this but I don't see this going anywhere really saying anything, Carlos.
Does it say anything?
No, I don't want to tell you a good to me for you idiot.
Jesus Christ didn't you teach him anything while I was gone?
Yeah, how does shaving the bathroom?
Oh yeah, I noticed that.
He showers and shaves and brushes his teeth in the bathroom.
I go in and this morning to take a leak before the show.
There's Carlos in there taking a shower under the guy damn faucet.
Man, how disgusting.
You should see where he took off.
I don't want to hear about it.
So I'm getting back to Fatboy and the toilet.
Okay, we better take these calls.
We've got a lot of calls on here now.
Lady and Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. How you doing?
I'm doing great.
Welcome back.
As soon as you get back it's hot as heck.
Hot ashtamit, yeah.
I know.
I was calling.
Did you hear the by any chance a new format on the formula, the mega?
No, that's what we're asking you about.
Did you hear it?
Yes.
Did you hear the promos?
Like the spots they do to promote it.
It's very offensive if I was listening to that.
What does it say?
It's like 10,000 joints every day.
Oh, right.
Fizzle, pizzle, and all that crap.
Fizzle, pizzle, yeah.
That's clear.
That's clear channel.
Fizzle, pizzle.
That's what most of the stations do.
Fizzle.
George said a great job.
He got my panties really wet.
All right.
Excellent.
He says, hang on.
I'll take your number.
Okay.
I am hanging on.
She's hanging on, but I cut her right off.
We don't need to create any more domestic strife in a Rodriguez household.
I'll tell you that right now.
He's already got more than enough between his sickly wife and his bitchy mother.
And his unwanted kid.
I mean, he's got more than enough problems there already.
Plus whatever he's getting on the side.
How do you work that call return?
I notice he have a lot more sex.
George didn't vote for that this morning because he's already given up.
Yeah, sex is dangerous.
Yeah, he's already been beaten down, so to speak.
Well, plus he's always got those treasure island gipsy look forward to.
When's the next one?
I don't know, because high boy.
Yes.
He's the AE and I depend upon you.
Oh, so in other words, see, here's basically what's happened, boys and girls.
Those of you who don't like too many commercial interruptions,
your fears at least for the near future.
You don't have to worry about it because our sales department has just been
f-ing off.
And so nothing is going on.
We don't have any spots for anybody.
Even a highly oversold morning show at their dollar-a-hawler spots.
Even Geltie this morning came in the doorway.
At least we got a lot of time to talk.
Whatever he said.
Watch out for him.
I'm telling you, look out for the Geltie, myster.
That's what Rumor said.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
See, this year that's my personal New Year's resolution.
I'm holding nothing back.
I'm letting it all hang right out.
And there's nothing worse than having a hangar, especially when a phone is ringing.
You remember having that happen?
Yes.
In fact, I don't think Muff knows this.
Maybe he's listening in his office because he ain't got nothing else to do anyway.
You know that he listens to the whole show for four hours in his office.
That's what he does.
He gets paid for it.
I think there are a lot of you folks out there who would love getting paid
to listen to this show every day.
We probably have a 20-year if we'd start doing that.
Why do?
But anyway, so I called him about my check from Toronto.
I guess it was Friday.
Thursday, Friday last week, whatever day it was.
And he was going to get with Jen in the counting and Bababombi.
So I finished the call.
And as soon as I hung it up, nature started calling.
You know what I mean?
That pressure down under.
The thunder down under.
And I thought to myself as I was walking from my living room to the tea room.
I thought, you know, with my luck, I'll sit down on there.
And the phone will ring.
It'll be him calling back.
You don't take it with you.
So I sat down on there and...
Absolutely correct, sir.
What happened?
And the problem was, I had a hanger.
Oh yeah.
No matter how you shake it.
And it wasn't a wire hanger either.
Thank God.
Don't call it...
Joe, no, what's your name?
Crawford would have been pleased.
It wasn't a wire hanger.
I hate when those things come up.
Wouldn't...would hang her?
So anyway, the phone was ran.
It was him calling back, but it wound up okay.
It all turned out.
Oh no!
This isn't right.
This story about Rich Shaw.
I'm not reading it.
We already talked about it.
You did?
Very briefly.
I...I'm sorry.
I'm not picking on Ricky Tickey.
He's been on the year for over 40 years in this market.
And so we had a little bit too much...
I'm not picking on him, okay?
What?
We didn't make an issue out of it.
I just...
Good.
I'm not the fact that he had a DUI or whatever it was.
If it was good enough for Peter Royal,
why not good enough for him?
And plus the Peter Royal one got covered up real well
except on this show.
And Diana Ross.
Oh and I almost forgot about her.
I got the Diana Ross thing here somewhere.
And amidst of my pile of stuff,
I don't want to go into my pile today.
I'll save it for tomorrow.
What?
Maybe I'll save it for Monday.
No, because I don't want to do like a bunch of
periodicals on audio.
And do bedtime stories and get too newsy.
Because those were the bad mistakes we made last year
in one of our New Year's resolutions is not
make the same mistakes again.
And certainly not going to involve
with that mo-myster in the morning.
That piece of turd.
With that tragic, tragic piece.
Now do you think that would be offensive if I walked
into Window in the morning when I came in or be
just stared at them until he...
Although he...
I'm sure he'll be sitting even at more of an angle
facing the wall, facing the other way to make
sure he doesn't catch a glimpse of me.
Because that one day when I was here the last time that he...
was his head nearly spun off his shoulders when I stood
in the doorway.
And all I was doing was holding up those anal love beads.
I don't know what possessed me.
I just want to see if they still had the door open there,
the control room door, which usually they have shut solid
just to make sure he don't have to see any of us.
Well, I got a better one than that that I haven't even
set on the air yet.
Well, let's hear it during the Christmas party.
Yeah.
Is that another table?
I offered anyone at our table $100 to go snatch the
piece off his head.
Oh my God!
That would have been great!
We could have put the picture on our website.
I put it on the table, the $100 and no one took it.
Ah!
Wow, that bunch of pussy's around here.
Even Carlos wouldn't do it for a hundred bucks.
He wasn't at the party.
That's six weeks pay!
He would have known he'd have done it.
He'd have done it for twenty bucks.
Yanked that baby off of there.
And this piece too.
Now which hairpiece was he wearing at the Christmas party?
No, a fancy one, which by the way...
Far, heads and shoulders.
Heads and shoulders?
I hear that's what he could wear.
But he shampooed it with.
Better looking than the other one.
Yeah.
Than the bird's nest that he comes in here with.
Oh my God!
So in other words, see, he's always picking on me not
dressing up to come to work here when he goes to a big party,
a big social event like that.
Like the QM Christmas party.
He puts on his Sunday and Monday and Tuesday best.
It had a golden hue.
Ooh, gold lamey.
I love it.
Rhymes with gay.
Yeah.
$5670, $560, $560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
233 votes.
What's your new year's resolution this year?
New year's resolutions are for assholes.
That by the way, I said that extra loud for my good friend Lynn Samuels.
Happy New Year, Lynn.
I got your email.
You know, I can't get my emails at home.
Because I go on my thing.
Yes.
And it says something about Java script and about you may have disabled John.
I don't know what that...
I can't get it off of Internet Explorer.
So I got to go on Netscape.
What's going on in the Internet, man?
Some strange things going on.
So I did see Lynn, I got your happy New Year in a sandwich.
And you have to go out and do your sweet heart and good luck to you.
Because the way things are going...
And she's here in Miami no less.
Maybe she'll bring in Matt Grudge, but we hope not.
We'll do lunch again.
Ninety-not...
Did you go to lunch with him?
Yeah.
And Matt bought.
Well, how do you like that?
Nice guy.
Matt?
Yeah, she's okay.
New Year's resolutions are for assholes.
Ninety-nine people said that we're going to have a lot more sex this year.
52, sounds like swishful thinking to me.
Lose weight 44.
Don't take any crap.
Change it again.
21.
Quit boozing 11 and quit smoking six.
Now what's the story with Moses, by the way?
I don't want to do this on the year, but you know me.
Moses is coming.
Can I help?
5670560.
See, he knows I'm not going to be touching him.
You want to know why?
Because I know who is dead he is.
When you see him, he can take care of himself, no?
Yeah.
He really butch stuff, huh?
Huge.
He might not be the only one.
But how do you know?
You checked it out?
Maybe you saw some of those movies.
You'll see.
Oh, really?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, me.
Yes.
Play the bloodstender.
Oh, God.
You know what that sounds like?
Stop with idiotic.
Yeah, that's what it sounds like to me.
You know, see, I get, I'm so optimistic.
I have such high hopes.
Why?
What was that movie that that was in high hopes?
What was the name of that movie with Frank Sinatra?
Hi.
The mainstream candidate.
Was it, now, yeah, right, the mainstream candidate.
I think it was from here to eternity.
You idiot.
Now, what was the song that they sang high hopes?
I don't know.
And I come back all optimistic and thinking, boy, this is a whole new year.
We're going to turn over a new maple leaf and everything's going to get a big response.
And it's the same old crap.
Same old losers, same old lacquer response, same old beggin for calls.
But it's sure better than trying to save the world here on a radio show.
We're not going to change the guy damn thing with North Koreans or with the Iraqis or the Iranians
or those freaking towel heads out of your avians.
All we can do is make people have a few chuckles here and that's it.
And take the, who what?
Hold on the head.
Olio Med.
Hold on the head.
Oh, I hold on the head.
I thought you said Olio Med.
Here's Lake Worth.
Hello.
Hey, at least the market's up about 200.
Market is up 188 points.
Let's hear it.
My way to start the new year, huh?
Yeah, a great thing was I was thinking that into that dolphin game and I was feeling it coming.
You could just tell it was going to happen.
Yeah.
And the pressure was right.
So right after the game's over, the ad runs, get your dolphin playoff tickets.
Yeah.
Really quick.
I love it.
You're running the hurry up and get your free sale dolphin tickets.
And I guarantee we charge for that spot too, regardless.
Unbelievable.
That was great.
But I like it.
I've been up there.
We go up there like once a week, once a week, once a year.
It's great up there.
It sure is.
I said there about a hundred years ahead of us in so many restaurants.
Yeah, it's good.
It's amazing.
Cubans are the garden, everything.
Yeah, that's right.
And the thing is too many packies, it's the only thing.
There are many, yeah.
In fact, this thing with the five Arab guys that they're looking for, there's so many Arabs in Canada that might as well be in the Middle East.
They're really.
They're really.
But I'm glad you're back.
Everything else pretty pondering.
Okay, thanks.
In other words, what did I miss?
I asked several people at what did I miss and they all say nothing.
My Alimbo driver, Ken, I asked what when he picked me up at the airport.
What did I miss?
Not a damn thing.
I got so cold a couple nights we had to turn the AC off.
He said the same thing, the same thing that you left here right away from, nothing.
That's right.
Same old pond with, that's okay.
It's pretty good here.
You know, the weather was nice last couple of days.
A little bit too hot.
But after freeze my ass in Amsterdam, don't go to Amsterdam at a winter time.
Okay, go in a summer, get some good weed, get some hash, whatever you like, get laid.
What is, I mean, you know, the sex and drugs are still there, but I'm sorry.
If I did drugs, I guess that I'd be more interested, right?
Right, although when you live in Toronto, what do you got to go to Amsterdam to do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, drugs.
At least I don't have my split level toilet anymore.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pond 5, 60.
Maybe you'd like to go over there and use the apartment.
Yeah, I can't.
Like, like, Al always used to use the apartment.
Maybe on their honeymoon, Joe, and what's your name?
Janina, can you go over there?
Thanks to them.
Use the apartment.
Rent's paid off for a couple of months.
They're done wet, by the way.
They're done wet.
Wet.
Yeah.
They wedded it in Las Vegas.
Yes.
Anybody from here go to their wedding?
From the bill funeral?
Yeah.
I don't think so.
Of course not.
C.J.O. I tried to tell you you're a good guy, but nobody's going to spend all the money.
I mean, talk about an ego in addition to which it's kind of stupid, you know?
Because the money that people might spend on a plane trip to go out to Vegas, they could have given him a nice gift if he had the wedding here, see?
Follow what I'm saying?
Oh, I know.
Yeah.
So not really good planning.
Why did they do that?
Why did they get married in Vegas?
I mean, usually like slime balls get married in Vegas, you know, with those quickie, a marriage, quickie.
Like George, like I said.
What did I tell you?
Slimey people like George get married in Vegas.
And don't tell anybody before during or long after.
Boy, what a bad day that was in here.
I mean, yeah.
I don't say yeah.
Oh, I mean, yeah.
That's terrible.
Oh, sorry, Crystal.
He knows you're not listening.
He's probably watching guiding light.
Oh, I'm sorry, it's all over.
First of all, I'm starting till 1230.
Young in the horny?
Yeah.
All those.
I guess what is it?
CBS?
Oh, she doesn't watch the old and the beautiful, though.
But I got them.
What's his name from player?
What is his name again?
Oh, and Moss.
No, Ridge.
Ridge.
They should have sent his ass to Ruby Ridge, if he asked me.
He is just the old troll.
1150, like me.
1150 at 560 WQIM.
What was that thing about?
Old Nick was a happy old troll.
Something.
What was that song go?
So what was the name of the movie with high hopes?
Hold on the head.
Really?
That's what a bunch of people called.
I see.
Thank you so much, folks, for the hold on the head.
Kick off the new year with the...
How's Fat Boy doing?
Have we seen him yet?
Because I am going to tell that story about that whole thing with balance for life.
And probably Troy over there is not going to be too happy.
And Troy Stratford is going to really be unhappy.
But that's the price he's going to pay.
I saw him on Tuesday when I was in here.
Where is Troy Stratford?
I see every time the door opens, it's muff.
And you want to know why?
Because he's the only one in a building.
Every time the door opens, I'm expecting maybe it's Troy.
Maybe it's Fat Boy.
No, it's... it's muff every time.
Anyway, kick off the new year with a great new mattress from Donald Matris.
You'll be doing yourself a big favor.
If you haven't been sleeping as well as you'd like, nothing will have a bigger impact on your life,
each and every day in the way you feel in the coming year, than a good night's sleep.
It's time for that New Year's resolution of great night's sleep tonight and every night.
Call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
And Donald Matris will have you sleeping like a little baby all year long, just like my little dog.
Donald Matris, Curie, Ceeley, Sir to Simmons at King Court and every size and style.
Speaking of my little dog, by the way, don't forget to tell the story about how my mother almost killed my little dog,
feeding him, cracked you, wasn't supposed to feed him, not again.
Pancreatite is nice going, Millie.
When you call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S, you'll speak with an expert bedding consultant who can record record with the perfect bed for you.
They have exactly what you want in stock, no phone e-sales, no bait and swish like apartments to earth.
Then when you order your new bed from Donald Matris, they'll have it there on time exactly even the same day when you call.
You get to choose the date and time when it's convenient for you when you're going to be home instead of sitting around wasting the day on your ass all day.
Donald Matris prides itself on their 99% on time record, which is just one of many reasons why they're ranked first for overall customer satisfaction.
So do what all of us here at QAM have done.
Make the call right now to Donald Matris.
Miguel, George and I sleep on a mattress from Donald Matris and so should you.
Of course, there's not too much room when George gets off from the middle.
Enjoy the new year without special someone from the new, always must land in, you know, always dive in the middle.
Enjoy the new year without special someone with a new mattress from Donald Matris.
I think Miguel's a little too hairy anyway. Call 1-800-MATR-ES-DOT-MATRUS, the perfect way to start off the new year.
Why they feel like we're supporting you 5-60-U-A-M?
Ward, not as pedophile.
How do aliens go by the way?
Read.
Not cool.
He's hanging out.
He looks like a slaughtered cow.
I keep some parts on the shelf, but I need more my clothes if I've ever met a greed in doubt.
He has everything I need from his bladder to his sleeve.
He's hanging out and back on a freezer rack with his eyeballs frozen open.
Thank God that they're not making a big publicity stunt out of Bill Frist.
He's a new center of majority leader saving these people on Alligator Alley and that big wreck out there.
They got Susan Candy, Audien, CNN right now.
And by the beat, by the boot, by the bump.
I'm the hole in my heart.
I'll pass bare parts that I can't render.
When I dismember, that's all I have to do.
Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
like the NN and then you'll say it again just out of spite and then I'll say hey I'd like to you cuz you're birthday 5 16.560 see I just am here to entertain I'm not going to inform I'm not going to educate I'm not going to waste my time I'm not going to spend half of my life trying to like research this because I don't care what that bitch told you on Tuesday they don't give a flying crab they don't they do not you can lead a horse to water but you can't make a drop of big one okay.
Do you know if any, I've asked you this before, but it is something I think about a lot.
To show where my mind is, in a gutter, is there any other animal that takes a crap as it's moving, other than a horse?
Although I will say my little dog, he hops around when the grass is high like right now.
No, he squats, but he's got a hop around. You don't want to be a bad guy.
He's got a funny run back at you.
No, it's not that. It's just that he has a hard time keeping his balance on the high grass, because he's only like, you know, ten pounds.
So he hops around. And you think he's done, and all of a sudden he hops through another spot. He's squatting over there.
He likes to spread it around, kind of like we do on the show. Kind of like Mo.
Boy, I sure miss him coming back on his day. When I had a bad stroke of fortune coming back on my very first day,
so I couldn't wear that silly pomp and oparco wine, who lost your earth they sent me to wear it or stay in there in the window.
But I'm not even going to dignify him by doing that, because that would be suggesting that I'm going to change my appearance, my dress, my slip.
Based on what he has to say on your scrum. Does that mean you're not going to wear that wig I bought you?
I'm not going to wear those gold lame panties either. How do you like that?
Good thing I saved the receipt.
Might wear the gold lame shoes that our gold steam loans me. Boy, what a fashion plate he is.
5, 6, 7, we need people like Alan the world to make me look pretty good.
Here's Kendall. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. So good to hear your voice back. Yes, it is.
Not a George fashion, but you want to know what you missed?
Rip him an ass, pal.
I mean, usually in the night, you listen to him, but these two weeks I finally had to go away.
You missed two weeks of Lord of the Rings and religion.
Yeah.
Oh, sorry. Is he bashing the Lord again? God damn you, George.
There's more Lord of the Rings, two weeks of this stinking Lord.
And you notice Lord of the Rings, you know how he tied that in there too?
Oh, next to me doing the Godfather. See, it all has to do with the Lord.
You know, I mean, he's going to burn health for a long time.
I'll tell you that he's going to be one of them crispy critters by the time they finish with him.
Hey, how about next time when you go and put Million?
No, okay. That might be better.
Okay, she'll be good for the time when all people are going to you that have a great day, pal.
Happy New Year, George says to you. Get out of here.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60. Let's get this crowd going, baby. Let's get this crowd on the road.
Let's get ready for a new year of 50 million calls this year, right?
Okay, let's start counting them right now.
266, oh, that's the votes on the pool. Pretty weak for this time of the show, but, you know,
I saw some of the tallies you hit.
And my feeling was, why bother, you know?
Right.
Of course, Eric says, I'm sorry.
Don't start it again. Now you just got back on the year the first day.
Don't start it with Eric. He's a happy camper up there.
He's probably already had two, three brunches before a new today.
Here's the facts that says, I noticed something very hypocritical about the WQM radio station.
Over the past year, I heard unbelievable amounts of radio spots for placing bets over the Internet for football games.
Now that football season is practically over, WQM is playing PSA announcements for people with chronic gambling problems.
So what's wrong with that? We want to encourage you to go do it because we're making money from it.
And then we're giving you like a little help.
I find the QM policy disgusting and duplicitous. This is probably, it says, Greg Reed, you suck.
Well, now they're getting close. They're getting warm. And I hope you're a compulsive gambler.
What's wrong with this world? People like Greg are what's wrong with this world, Faxor.
Here's the facts it says from Ricky. I heard you mentioned Java problem on your home computer.
Might be solved by going on a control panel. I click on Internet options.
And then the advanced folder, scroll to Microsoft VM and make sure all three Java boxes are checked.
If unchecked, okay, I put in my pocket, I'm going to do it when I go home because I think that might be the problem.
I think maybe while I was away, John was in there, did something with some stuff on the computer and diddle it up.
Could be because I've done that. You start clicking where you don't know where you're clicking and all of a sudden you got problems, baby.
That's my advice for the new year is only click it where you know what you're a clicker.
Take a good long look at it before you put it in your mouth. Any piece of food. That's what I'm talking about.
Huh? No, that's it. If you're going to go on a diet.
Seriously, I wouldn't take it about that the other day. If you're going to go on a diet, before you just start shoveling crap in your mouth,
take a look at it and say, do I really want this? Is this really going to make me feel better? Is this going to be good for me?
Huh? I did that with the donuts that are out there, right?
There you go. And not interested in me. What kind are they?
Sunkin.
Oh, fat.
Now, if you would have said crispy cream, I'd have had a problem.
I'd have probably gone out there and had my three because I can't eat only two.
No, I can't. If I have one, I will eat three.
In fact, if there aren't at least three there, I won't even have the first one because I know I'll never be sated.
I'll never satisfy my sugar, my craving. And you'll be pleased to know I had no Nestle's Turtle this the last ten days in Toronto.
We're all proud of you.
Eight of bunch of other crap had some crunchy bars though. Huh?
When you got to get your fill with that good Canadian candy, you ever have a crunchy?
It's got like that in the middle of it. How do you describe it?
Like the stuff that melts? Like what was that? The stuff, those things, those...
Oh, lemon meringue things.
Yeah.
The meringues? Maybe was it marshmallow-y?
No, no, no, no. It's got like chocolate but meringue in the middle.
I mean, like the consistency of those things.
It could be meringue.
Oh, man, and when that stuff melts on your tongue.
Oh, is it white?
When that white stuff gets on your tongue.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I'm I'm I'm Lolo.
This is sports 205, 60.
You way, yeah.
Sing my song but you're not looking at my mouth.
You stare so low.
It's something that's a bit further south.
And it's not my base.
We're both your eyes going looking.
Right under my clothes is my biggest affair.
Underneath my clothes there's a great big booty.
Bigger than J-Loads is my huge fortuitary.
And as mine nobody cares.
And I sing so ringin' funny.
Underneath my clothes there's a great big booty.
When I try and tape holes it's anything but tiny.
So nobody knows the sense.
And I sing so ringin' funny.
Don't be quick enough my close personal buddy Shakira.
I'll beat the crap out of you with Georgia's baseball bat.
With Ted Williams head.
Now who's that other new hot that we're talking about before?
What is her name?
Avril?
Avril.
What is her last name?
Levine.
Avril Levine with a G.
She's Canadian.
Levine.
And I'll tell you what else is Canadian that we love is Shania Twain.
It'd be her who's single.
Yes.
Great video with the robot.
Oh, love it.
Shania Twain.
I'm gonna bring that in tomorrow.
She's hot.
Love Shania Twain.
I love Shakira and I love Avril Levine.
Avril is good.
She is so big in your heart.
You know all those music video channels I get over there at my 85 that I used to have in Amsterdam before I got there.
Every two minutes there's Avril Levine again.
That's the one thing I do miss here.
There's no music videos on here.
Man, this place blows.
M2.
M2.
M2.
MTV2 pop channel now has gone to dance music because dance music is so big.
It's the other crap they play here on what is it?
A 93.1 where they call it?
Party.
Mixed party.
Mixed party.
I can't even keep them straight anymore.
They all suck.
You can't tell them the party.
Oh man, they blow.
Speaking of blow, she mentioned Jalos ass in that bit.
Jalos and Ben blow up.
Valentine's Day wedding is off.
All right.
Did anybody believe that they were really getting married in the first place?
No.
They had to make a song and a video with him in it.
She had to do a whole song to try.
See?
Here we are.
We're getting married.
We're doing it.
We're kissing.
We're like on the same planet.
Boy.
And then there's a picture of him with his buddy Matt Dilland down there.
When are they coming out?
Dilland.
When are they coming out?
That's him Matt Dilland, Matt Dilland.
Matt Dilland.
What are you saying?
Hello, Matt Dilland.
Matt Dilland.
Just bothers me a lot.
I still like Kevin Dilland.
Good actor.
How come the good actors?
For example, I'm not even going to go into it.
Talent has very little to do with whether or not you succeed in this world.
Just look at this radio station.
That's what Muff said.
Now, who's that?
A picture of Shania Twain.
Muff has got a beautiful put that right up there.
Man, that's great.
I didn't know that.
She was your type.
56670560, 0.560 on the Eingertube.
She's Canadian, A.
All the great singers are from Canada.
And then of course there's always Celine Dion, which proves that nobody's perfect.
We're trying to dump that bitch.
God, she just...
She gives me spilkeys.
I get like a nervous stomach when I see Celine Dion.
Here's a call from Papano.
Hello.
Hey Neil, have you do here?
And back to you.
Three things.
I'm at Provia with Jala.
If that doesn't work with that guy, say to do.
You go and tighten.
www.fun.com.
That's some microsystems.
And then you can reload it.
It's a...
It's a...
That she grows the program.
Okay.
Okay, great.
And number two, Al Goldstein finds specimen.
It's on that picture.
Hey, lovely. Any beautiful?
Got a good tan though.
He makes us feel better about ourselves.
And number three, has one famous football coach once said,
Help me, Dr. Alfford!
All right.
All right.
Good call.
How about those dolphins, huh?
They're gagging on it.
They're choking on it.
They're coughing it up.
You can hear it all the way down here, man.
All the way from New England.
The sounds of puking and just amazing.
Well, it's way.
And then, of course, to look at Wantsat's face in the last couple.
And then, in overtime.
And I'll be very honest with you.
That field rule by Ventitiri, the winning field rule,
wasn't his best.
That looked to me.
I thought he missed it.
I thought it sailed wide, right?
It was pretty damn close.
And you could see that just that one Wantsat's face just hope it and pray and try to give it like that.
A little bit of elbow, you know.
Didn't work.
Didn't work.
I can go right through there, baby.
Tom Brady, let him right down the field.
Of course, a nice kickoff by Olynda Maray.
See, he also gave him the hex when he mispronounced his name.
That's why he missed the field goal during regulation.
They would have salted the game away.
And also, that's why his kickoff went out of bounds and overtime.
Giving the Patriots a ball on the 40-yard line.
And at that point, I said, uh...
Oh, right.
Yeah, this game's over, baby.
We don't need too much to get old Adam Ventitiri in field rule position here.
And we did, and we won a game.
We, the Patriots.
What are you laughing about?
Troy Brown, Adam Ventitiri, Tommy Brady.
That's all you need to know.
Huh?
You need to know anybody else on that team?
How about what's his name?
The, um...
A great defensive back used to play for the dolphins.
Tells his name.
How can I have a brain fart on that?
That's bad.
Taurral Buckley.
Come on, you better get with it, Carlos.
You're supposed to be the football fan.
I'm the old Faggot.
Taurral Buckley, T-Buck.
Even George knows that, don't you?
Who?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10.
I'm starting to gag on it again.
And here I think it's the, I'm suing this guy the in place.
This place has got allergies.
Worst in my apartment in Amsterdam.
Eh!
See?
Pull ya.
So what's the deal on that balance for life?
I haven't told a fat boy Jeff Hystoria, and I'm kind of reluctant because I,
because Troy the boy, I gave press strat for two and a half hours to come up here
and defend himself.
He hasn't done it.
He's probably done it with screw-in.
I'm telling you, when I drove up here on Tuesday to pick up my check,
there's always people sitting out there during the middle of the day on a bench,
smoking a Faggot here or there.
I'm gonna give you one guess who was sitting out there,
screw-in and...
Roy!
Yeah, we're sitting out there on a bench, Troy and screw-in.
She has this thing for ex-dolphin, sparts or football players.
What thing is that?
I don't know, but I think it makes kind of like a meowing sound.
Outside Montreal, Rayleigh and Tad their base, UF, land.
The roadside sign rises sharp and stark on the curving country road like a bolt from heaven.
Neon green letters strike the eye and proclaim, UF, land.
This is for real.
Is real.
Glowing, this is in a hero that is so might be true.
Glowing against the bank of white snow and darkening wood or sky,
the words punctuated by a drawing of a flying saucer,
pull visitors in a way seen nearly...
near ordinary, a nearly ordinary campground, as Serenean it says.
Nearly, except for the odd tear-shaped buildings designed,
we've hoaxed the form of alien spacecraft.
This is the headquarters of the Rayleighans.
And these are the people that have the median, all these ethicists
and all these other politicians whipped up into a frenzy,
and dignifying them as if by anybody believes that these...
Oh God.
Well, what's the use?
What hope is there for mankind?
And like I said, the fact that their headquarters now that they were made this announcement
in Hollywood, Florida, is so perfect, man, it fits in like a rubber glove in your...
Back to...
Yes.
Perfect.
Air me piece of crap, air me bad thing,
whether it's chads, whether it's aliens, whether it's illegal aliens,
whatever the hell it is, it's here in South Florida, we got it.
You want it, we got it.
And if we don't have it, we'll go out and get it for you.
Fog guys, I guess they got to fill up the time with something on there, you know?
Oh yeah, well, they got the first clone baby.
The war hasn't started yet.
That's right, we're still waiting for the...
We're waiting for the Iraq attack, that's gonna be any day.
At the Baghdad McDonald's.
What a shame it's gonna be, not only the Americans, the serviced people that are gonna die needlessly,
but all the Iraqi people who are gonna die.
See, the Iraqi people are like just...
You know, I mean, there are some people that we can hate, you know, like during WW2,
we hit it the Japanese, we hit it the Germans, it was a good reason.
Real good reason.
But the Iraqis, they just want to like, you know, grow their moustaches and smoke their cigars
and do whatever they're doing, you know?
Drink that Turkish coffee.
What are they doing?
How come the Iraqi men all have like that...
That maybe it's because Sodom or is it?
I don't think so, I think that's the...
No, it's not, is it a grouch?
No, it's like Thirteenth now, but it's a little Thirteenth now,
and it's like that in longer a cross, straight a cross.
Right, I don't know.
That seems to be the thing there.
It's a fashion.
Is there, are they fashion plates?
I don't know how they smell though.
What's it called?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, 05, 60, on the AT&T line.
The Neo-Rodger show, back in business.
And I hear that George did a sensational job.
That's what I'm hearing, and it was also his birthday in December.
We got a big fat birthday check coming for him like tomorrow or whenever I get around to it.
If I feel like it, it may be not.
All depending on how his behavior is between now and one.
And whether he speaks to him or tomorrow morning.
No, Carlos is going to be doing a water Nazi routine.
He's going to be lurking in a hallway spine.
So if you should even like grunt when Moe was about to say,
hmm, you know, like, we're talking about that.
Yeah, that is anything like that.
That's it.
Cancel that check.
I'm going to put blind design.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Domba.
Yeah, back to you.
Here's Miami on one.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
Any Trontoni and surgeons walking out?
I'm sorry.
Are there any Trontoni and surgeons walking out because of malpractice insurance?
It's too high.
I don't think so.
I don't think so either.
No.
Think about that.
These guys are walking out in Virginia.
They're crying.
I like that one surgeon.
I left in the middle of the operation and he left for 35 minutes to go make a bank deposit.
He was my favorite.
Yeah.
He's up there.
Okay, and have a great day.
I think that was a Canadian guy.
So I'd like to make a point.
That's the American fucking way.
Yeah, I'm going to tell you one thing I was right about and that is as much as I love
Toronto, the Canadians and nationally have this unbelievable inferiority complex, which is
why Wayne Gretzky was hockin' at crept in the Olympics about, oh, everybody in the world
wants us to lose because everybody hates Canada.
Nobody cares about Canada Wayne.
You need a knowsed idiot.
Nobody cares.
And so that's why there's this desperate, this herniatic attempt.
We got to win the gold medal.
We got to win curling.
We got to win hockey because it's like collectively see if we can just be good at
something, you know.
Just be good at something.
Besides drinking a lot of heavy beer and I will say this also, Canadian beer, a lot more
potent than the American beer, which is why Americans like Canadian beer so much better.
No, we're straight.
What is it?
5% American beer.
Canadian beer like I think about twice as strong.
That's why everybody likes that LeBat's hockey night in Canada, formerly Moulson's hockey
night in Canada and those commercials too, ain't pretty good.
And what the hell was this guy just talking about?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Where's my drugs by the way?
This should be a lot better if I get my goddamn drugs in here.
My mind and local.
Here's sports radio 560, UA.
UA.
This is former Vice President Al Gore.
You may have noticed I picked up the tempo somewhat.
My cadence is punchier and more upbeat.
The timber in my voice, more positive and confident.
This being radio, you can't see the swagger in my walk, but trust me, it's there.
But now you've certainly heard I will not be running for president in 2004.
Let me tell you why.
I'm not on drugs.
I don't have a drinking problem.
Although I still like a good belt of bourbon more than occasionally.
Now friends, since my parents are on Saturday and at live, I've decided to take another
direction in life.
I never realized I was the damn funny.
For the first time in my life, people are actually laughing with me and not at me.
So I'm going to become a centiped comedian.
I've already been booked at the Ha Ha Sauer Newport Richie Florida and Yacht's in Lancaster,
Pumple, Blaine, and initially I'll be performing with other funny men.
I'm on the bill with Jeff Foxworthy, Thin Blood, Elaine Boothler and Judy Tanuda who plays
the squeeze box.
I've repainted the old-gore Lieberman tour bus with Smiley Places and the math of comedy and tragedy.
Who knew I was so damn funny?
I've also taken having sex publicly with Tipper.
Good times.
Slee on the road.
The road of laughter.
You're right.
He should work stuff.
Look at that.
Well, he could just pick you up there with one finger, couldn't he?
Anyways, 14-till-noon at 5.60 W.Q.A.M.
We got 286 votes on the pool.
What are you laughing at?
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
He's like twice the size of a bunch of people.
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
Do they?
You know, how are you doing?
I started to talk about...
I thought when I was in...
Wait a minute, I thought when I was in Toronto the reason some of the calls sounded like this is because I'm way the hell out there.
It's because the phone system sucks here.
It's got nothing in with Toronto.
The phone system here blows.
I just wanted to go ahead and talk about Parallel how all those daughters, you know, everybody's daughter Parallel.
The guy's doing that.
I was trying to steam around.
Yeah.
You're turning around.
Okay.
Sounds like you got a lot of experience turning it around.
Okay, you know I'm talking about that's what I'm talking about
asshole
5 6 7 0 5 60 call one of the sports nerd shows about Pat Riley, okay?
Pat Riley when it's a little spanglish shit. L that you put in there. Okay. You're not fooling any of us
That's probably the ball guy
Yeah, I heard that call that day. That's another one of my pieces of good luck. Just when I open a pot up there somebody yanks it away
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Fort Lauderdale and happy new year to you sir. I'm surprised we haven't had thousands of people called a wish
It's all happy new year at QN. That's because they're still looking at wounds from that dolphin game
Well, you know, the best day why you were gone was
Yesterday because George was not in the radio. Yeah, how about Christmas day was not that day either
Yeah, well he said he got what is it?
Go buck. Yeah, but the buck I suck. Okay, sir. You haven't got a chance. We'll see you haven't got a chance
I'm pulling for you pal. I hope they keep their ass, but the buck I suck
Okay, so hey, there's another guy's into now and he hates George. George is by the way F you that's where he went to school F you
5 6 7 0 5 60
See tolia lawsuit corporate disease come in here this morning. It's like
74 degrees on that thermostat hotter than hell in here. You could have fried eggs on his counter
And that's because we have nobody in this building. We got 75 managers in this place
Nobody can stop him from coming in this room and dick it around I go on my computer over here
I got all these them
Websites everything in here on the URL thing whatever the hell you call it. What do you call it?
Where you click the thing and all the addresses come down where you have like the the history the right exactly the history
And I go on in his ESPN this and sports nerd dad in Jim Rome's home address and
How you get a hold of Tony Bruno in the tea room over a chase he pennies? I don't want any of that crap
I confess that was me. Yeah, it was George done. I got all the sports stuff on there
George has been working here so long and he's become very quietly behind a scene to come pulse of gambler now
He's gonna join GA
That's right him and Eddie Kay a GA. I can just see it now
So who we got on today? We got the mad dog at one who just again doesn't recognize this show anymore
I don't know what happened. I think Mo must have done that yeah
Because he used to like you know make references to Neil is this and he'll did that and he'll something
You know like it recognizing that this show was on preceding him turning over that gigantic audience not anymore
Not anymore
No now it's like red China that big gigantic Berlin wall is back up again
Doesn't even like a now jar existence
Then three to six thirty proving that nothing is perfect. We got Josie and Don Bailey Jr. Oh, that's right
This is are you kidding me?
We're starting five hours even for the dolphins really do four hours right for the orange bowl. We got five hours of crap
Josie and Don be junior from fiesta bowl with the beast with a beast that got kicked off the show in the morning
Because mode in one of mine. Where are you getting your information? I'm getting it right from the beast's push, okay?
Right from the beast mouth
And again, I challenge him to come on his station mo Howard David and deny that he fired to be stuff of that show
I challenge him to come on there and deny that he got Carolyn off of that show, okay?
deny it you lie and sack a crap you silly old fool with your big Veracos veins
You old cout
God damn it
Then we got Orlando the big oh at the orange bowl six to eight o'clock. How do you like that?
Well, wait a minute. This isn't even a pregame show for the that's right our game is tomorrow night
I mean your game the hercunes and
Ohio State which this last guy thinks they got a chance sir
I got let me tell you something there are two chances none and much less than none they I saw plenty of all
Howe State games during the season. I mean they got those nice buck eyes under helmets, you know
You think what's his name is gonna be betting on the games who's the ex-art the Schleester? He'll probably be betting on a game for Ohio State
You don't know who that is XO house they quarterback all American gambling problems are didn't even the dynamic claim of a football
I think he's back in a slammer again or else he died one or the one or both
Then we got the big old like I said 630 to wait at the orange bull because we got the orange bull
You I see an Iowa eight o'clock tonight. That's a biggie. I was pretty good
In fact, I'll tell you right now. It's too it's too bad the Keynes didn't have to play a school like Iowa
I would kick their ass. They would kick their ass sidewise from here to the Gables
We got the Panther game. I don't understand this do you?
See here's another one of those conflicts
This is when you try to put too many sports on your plate. That's what this station does all the time
We have a contract with the Panthers. They're four points out of first place
They're having a good season by Kenan's doing a hell of a job that Jay Bowmister doing a nice job
Roberto Luongo playing great and goal like he did yesterday in Jersey
I watched that came he played sensational
Who's he is having a big year? Oh, Yoke and then he be turned it around and we're not talking about his back
Don't finish ass. We're talking about his game playing great
And we got it on 790 Waxi the Orange Bull which doesn't even include a local team
We got on this station on QAM on a highly touted sports station. Do you see something wrong with that picture? I do I
See something wrong with that
This is like shades when we had a guy dim conflict between the Marlins and the dolphins remember that
How could we forget back in the fall the dolphin exhibition game that wound up on some and then like some 10 Watts station
Jupiter somewhere and we lied through our teeth of the organization because Greg Reed goes wrong
We'll do this for you. We'll do the same thing for you and of course just like Jim Baker with those timeshears
He's got 50 apartments the only problem is he sold 25,000 of them
That's the problem and the same thing with us. We got 24 hours in the day. We'll sell you 45 hours worth on QAM
And whatever slop over it is we'll stick on some 10-watt radio station that nobody even ever heard of before
Like 790 Waxi formerly the great WNWS
Home of yours truly enjoy Williams and Alice Rantel and a bunch of other goyam and
Steve Mr. Ego how's he doing with him fags up there in for a lottery?
He's still got them under his good keep money or thumb Steve keep them faggots down
5 6 7 0 5 did I ever get through the whole schedule any K after all that football stuff and
Mark Eisenberg alone overnight from to the six because Joe is on his honeymoon no doubt. He's moaning it in Vegas
Can you imagine four hours of Mark Eisenberg alone? Oh my god
Poor Moa you know something that was a god after all Moa is gonna have to come in tomorrow morning and follow four hours of Mark
Eisenberg solo and he's got Vlad and Anthony with him like I said
That show boy that show needs a lot of work now you still coming down at show Moses. He's still hanging out on that
Not too much him or see even he's brought out on it. He's making porn movies
308 movies I mean 308 votes on
The pool now we're gonna see we're actually what we're gonna do is we're gonna show you the porn movies
I'm the show tomorrow because it's still like the holiday week and you just look in the speaker in your radio
And you'll see score score coming attractions right on your speaker
That would be good. Let's just play the audio. What do you say? There'll be a pop-up bad for huh? I can just hear it now
Oh
That's the sound of
We get any share I guarantee you that especially in this hardass town
Well, this is gotta be the most asexual the most non-descript the most bizarre place on the face of the globe just
Amazing to me astonishing
Everything is another strip shopping center that it's just it's just one after another all late like end to end
One after another there are no white people. I mean none there's four of us here right now of course three of you are spicks so like a hellhead, huh
towel head camel Humper red sea pedestrian
What do you mean by that?
What is he now? What do you convert? No you?
Towel head that your ancestors were not the head. Oh, sorry
You used the right link a little bit of your head your head your right mr. I totally last year the head years what?
It's all about get with it you idiot like I said what day's George's birthday again?
I heard it shows are really weak his pulls man the worst
Here's Miami hello
Welcome back on the meal. Yes, sir
Happy new year to you
No idea what he said, but I think one word began with an effort so just to be on a safe side. I didn't hear damn thing he said I
Think something about is the new years Eve the ball drop something like that five six seven oh five sixty
five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line, but we get a lot of spots. This are only nothing
Special salute to our sales department. So I guess we better tell the Jeff high story or not. I don't know
He went on balance for life. He became the poster child bad mistake tonight
Did I say at the time? It's a bad mistake a bad move by Troy from balance for life and Troy what's his name?
Our Troy the former doll fan
Started out three hundred and thirty six pounds Jeff high that was on December the tooth
three hundred and thirty six disgusting fat pounds on a cane and a walker and on a gurney
They were willing to maraud like I'd them Helen Keller here
12 9 331 pounds five pounds lost I remember doing the spot saying hey lost five pounds
I'm thinking to myself what that he could take a dump and lose more than five pounds anybody that disgusting and big and from the reports
We've heard trust me just take the walls in there
Then I'm vacation I take a look on here on 12 16, which is a week later 328
Which is only three more pounds so in two weeks he lost a total of eight pounds
See now most of us and we lost eight pounds into weeks we'd say pretty good excellent
Now we're gonna do the idea by the way
But in his case
Losing eight pounds you wouldn't even notice it
Right right I mean just just between the crevices in the folds of fat
There's got to be eight pounds of tochies in there. He swatched that much in a day exactly
That's right and that's just we don't around this building that fat tub of crap
So anyway, and then that was the 16th now that's either 23rd let me look at the third try third 30th
So that's like two and a half weeks ago
And you're reporting to me that he refused he would right there he stood in the doorway
He in the studio he lurched in this studio was that on his walker on his walker on his walker
He lurched in the walker and refused to get on the scale because according to him he picked out during the holiday
Didn't that tell you he will never do it. He will never do it
I mean he's got as bad as my sugar and carbohydrate addiction is he's got 10 times what I'll ever had thank goodness for me
But not good for him and by the way, he's obsessed yeah
The beast one on that cruise remember he still got on even though he knew that it would be
The beast is okay in my book. He's alright especially if you got canned off a mojo
I'm gonna play that thing again. Okay. What is that thing called?
That really just the more I think about it the more pisses me off because again
He's trying it to use it as an excuse to attack me which is fine
But the fact of it is that the mission I am here
It's going on it's I'd like to hear the beast on Christmas and the year's day. What's it really?
Yeah, you know the guy you fired who fired him? You did how do I find how are you got some great power?
Hey, Mitch. Hey, Mitch. Let me ask you a question based on what intelligent insight do you have this information?
You fired him. How would you know that?
You fired how would you know that shut up once and ask the question you answer the question moron you asshole
Wait hang on must be it must be another one the shovel you buried him
Get that into question. How would you know that and only kept repeating himself over and over again?
You know what it sounds like to me another one of the trained monkeys that listen to ginger Rogers
Because that's always got his trained monkeys that listens to that jackass
Also the big always got to be odd that I've been out of the orange bull thank goodness for that
That's the news from muff was in here frantically making out schedules sitting in his office listening to the show
Have it a wonderful time nice to see you though
Anyway, here's the fact it says Neil. Thank George for me for that sexual gift giving guide really works
Does this for real or is this a fact a fake what fake fact?
Thank George for me for that sexual gift giving guide
It really works a hundred of my bedroom my girlfriend first thought I was it was stupid
But when I told her I would really base her gifts on it
We have increased our sex life 100% and come Valentine's day. We have to take out a loan for a gift
I may need some Niagara. This is great
Bob from Dick and cider give us some things Bob from what
You have to slow down when you say that Bob from Dickens cider. Yeah, you give you pervades
Now what are the audience has turned a show off first? He's eating ass and he's talking about Dickens cider and we give him a treasure island
His neck is definitely too big
He's he's safe with me. It looks like a football player not any right? He looks like one of those
Not like one of the big fat linemen not like fat, but like a thick neck like like a Yahoo
Looks like you had to play for like Jojo only they don't like no white guys in their team. They got their quote already
maybe Fs knew
Here's a fact it's from WL chronic caller a factor good guy
George was fine. I don't understand my colors request the same bits over and over of the newer bits
I like Fox News Heather
Boca brine is the cream of the crap. I admit that some parties are hard to do. Well now. What does that mean?
He's knocking him. I thought he said it was
Boca brine is great
This is our good friend WL and Delray who I thought was a good faxor
The MSU Spartans heard a white coach from
Crank clank clank clank. It says yeah, we fired a schmarts are coach and harder why maybe that's because we were given up like 80 points
The games something like that they might have been part of the reason
Javascript has nothing to do with java if you have java script errors
You may want to check the version of your browser and check compatibility of the website that caused the error
Sometimes sites are designed for specific. Well, see this is something that worked on there all along though. See all the time
And now it doesn't
And the carloses in there. Oh, yeah
Mr. Export in there. Yeah, well, and there you have to stick your finger in the back of the computer and other finger in a socket one finger in Eric's ass
Sometimes sites are designed for specific browsers and plugins like the Microsoft media player to allow us those to WQM live
Hey, by the way, we still got the what you call sonner write the um the old shows what do we call that our cubs
Regarding gambling don't forget Paul Horning noted in green bayonets curious former i1d tour lines and enemy claim
I said that enemy claim as so I mean the WL
I did forget Paul Horning and Alex cares they both have a little bit of a gambling problem and speaking of that
I noticed while I was away all these articles about Pete Rose meeting with the
Bud Light and they might let him back into baseball and a hall of fame all this other stuff
I don't have a problem with Hall of Fame. Okay stick his ass in there as if as if anybody really should care
Why the hell is anybody care anymore?
But one of the lines that I read in some story some of the 50,000 stories about that was oh well
He'd be a great credit to baseball if they let him back in great credit my ass. He's still gambling a head over a handover fist
You'll see him out here at the track with his stacks a hundred dollar bills. He'd be in a scrape to baseball
So if you want to stick him in a hall of fame for his accomplishments during his playing career
That would be fine get it over with already and quick the wasting our time with it
But this crap about what a great credit he'd be to baseball who the hell you people kidding, huh?
Ask the tellers out of the track about old Pete Rose
Anyway priest accused of sex abuse fondead will get to that tomorrow or Monday
When we get around to it we'll get to our bedtime stories. We got too many important drugs today. I mean the stuff to do calls to take
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 so you actually go on vacation more often look how animated the show is today
Huh, right? You're off the cat. I'm doing today. I'm taking off for a few weeks again
I think that sounds good to me and by the way thanks again to Greg Reed for the tremendous publicity all and speaking of
Carlos and Eric
Didn't I mention specifically about it would be nice on my own website for to mention when Nielis coming back on the year
Where does it say that? Oh?
Where does it say that on our website on eorogies.com? I can't even on my own website get promotion when I'm coming back on the year after vacations
Are extended like whatever it's gonna be
No
Much less all those great billboards and Greg's got around town for us not that'll never materialize
That's in my contract that is supposed to be up there, but never will be so I have to work my ass off for a month
For like two and a half months to get the audience back to George blue off and then by the time I get the audience back I'm on vacation again
I hate that
Not the vacation part, but the fact that you keep blowing all the audience off. I'm sorry. Who are we gonna get in here to fill in?
Maybe we can get what's his name mark isenberg
He sure had a lot of practice now in it overnight show. Maybe tonight's your all put him over the edge, huh?
Four hours alone. I'll solo on air two to six in the morning. Where everybody asleep and thank God
I mean, Marcia good guy, but on the year. I mean, I hope brother. He make he makes Joseph Gackie sound like water cronkite
Here's Miami lakes. Hello
Hey, Neil. I'll be here and say new sir. Hey, listen. You're speaking all about the beast and moan
How be scuff fired and everything? Well, Hank had like a end of the year wrap up. Yeah, somebody told me about that
A moment you need to lift up part off the tape because he had the piece. I believe there in the studio on the phone
He was questioning about it, but he was like really gunshied. I didn't want to say anything
So just brought that up and I thought that was really funny to be confined that
Okay, all right, Neil later. Thanks a lot
I heard about that. Somebody give me a spy report on that
I mean, how could anybody make that up and he's always in his he's not even denying it all he's doing is attacking a guy
He feels by lashing out that somehow he's gonna like you know that Mitch guy, which was obviously a setup call, but nevertheless
lashing out he's some kind of intimidate this guy the louder and more bombastic he gets
It's gonna take the heat off of him. Well, guess what moe? You're not fooling anybody
You blew the guy off the show. Why not respond honestly by saying he's unprofessional
He's a meathead. He's an idiot. He don't fit in the show and he's a moved on other things now
That would be the honest answer as opposed to attacking a where do you get your information?
It must be from the trained monkeys between nine and one
I got news for it the trained monkeys by the way are paying for you to be doing those dolphin games and all the other sports for
Quality that's on his radio station, okay
Come man
goofball
I'll tell you since the day that guilty spilled his bag all over his lap in there
He's never been the same. You know, he he was making a little bit of a comeback and my gun
Geltie got up real abrupt that they tripped over the cord to his bag and spilled it all over the guy to L over Moe's pants
This dripping down his Veraco's veins. It was a nasty scene in there. It was what I'm hearing. That's what Robert told me
Fives and Zach also five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
That's that m-o-r-o-n
Here's Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. What's up? How you doing, sir? Welcome back. Happy New Year. Same to you. Thank you
And George I thought you're a great job. Are you going to Halloween the back? I was looking to pretty weak
And did he tell you what the best show we have?
No
The fed show the what show the stud show
I had such an introduction for lunch. Oh really? Well, that's great
Excellent show
In fact, you know something that I'm starting to think about next summertime. That's a good idea. It's picking studs
Georgia's picking stud sounds good
That's excellent. No, it was great. I wish we could have called him. I know why we couldn't so
Um, wait wait a minute. Why couldn't you call in? I didn't take any calls. Why not? I wanted him out to myself and everybody was just gonna call up and say you know
No, they wouldn't this guy wouldn't have called it and said
This guy you know how these people are why because they're assholes. Oh
Okay, thanks a lot pal George
Yeah, go ahead
Yeah, how do you feel about mode call or say it on a show that he was falling or he thought that the
Patriots of wind what do you think about that?
See I wasn't here and I'm not gonna take it all like secondhand
And then of course he's always gonna say it was a joke and he told Harvey green
He was doing it. It was just a joke
It just seems to me that he keeps he keeps stick at his hand on the on the stove
And I'm wondering why he gets burned all the time you know that they just a guy to never learn to get away from the stove
Perfect reality. Hey, say hi to everybody at Fortwater Britain. All right. Bye. Have a great day
What is it? What are you looking at me for
Sure
George is give me a look like I can hear the messages through the door. No
5 6 7 0 5 60
I'm fine. What?
Count 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
Is he talking about Mo again bad? Who is it?
Here's a call from Western hello
Okay, and the same to you. I hate that when I put us on hold like that we get those stupid ass messages
Just the uh the wrong line there. I know I did not
telling you oh
That's right. I said Western I had the wrong line, but there was something on it though
See it like I was just doing it ahead of time to get rid of it
5 6 7 0 5 60 come on you can make it to one o'clock folks
I know you don't believe that I know you'd rather sit in mode about the dolphins choking and blowing at game again
And they're not in a playoffs and what are we gonna do? What are we gonna do? Get a life? That's what you're gonna do
Stop worrying about a stupid guy damn football game. He should be used to it after 30 years. Okay
Like the Leafs are gonna win a Stanley Cup this year. Oh, well, what a surprise that is huh after 35 years
Don't surprise me. I know it
Get over it and grow up and get a life get a search party together. Okay, got in the Everglades. See if you can find anything out there alive
Go to sunrise lakes. See if you can find anything alive
Here's Western hello
Western
I'm on the right line this time to return on it's still on the wrong line
Let's try to find Western. I got my own search party going here on the phone. Hello
New hall or you're there. I know I find you
I'm here somewhere. You know what and I'm oh Howard David can kiss this gorilla and train monkeys hair
Yes, I'm tired of hearing his crap
Um really quick question for you please
Um, you've been in Toronto lately is that correct? Yeah, is it snowing there right now or not?
Christmas, you know, when upstate New York had all of that snow
We had about one and two inches in Toronto that day and that's the only snow we had we had a few furries the rest of the time
But the very little there's no snow on the ground right now
Okay, I'm on my way up there and I was just curious there was no one yet
Um really funny really funny story here my friend uh a big dolphin fan. Yeah
What about your assholes? They are down here in south
And a big new year's e-party plan then the dolphins lost so guess what he did
He cried and canceled his little party because the dolphins lost a football game. He canceled it
What an what an idiot he's an asshole. Yeah, let me ask you one of the question
I always notice whenever you guys say the word rectum on the air the air
You know the bit can you not say that word on the air say what
rectum? Yeah, but nobody can say rectum like Mitch Lewis
rectum
I just didn't know if you were allowed to say it because you always play the bit of it
No, we can say asshole. We just can't say rectum
Okay, so I'm fair, but it came it came from rectum. Hell it damn there kill them see it came from that
Well, you know what you have a great show. You know what?
Fuck all these assholes
And I hardly concur
What oh, this is the top one. I've wrestled with this one all week and I've been
And I'm not that I'm not supportive of the dolphins because I am
Yeah, I like the way they play and I like when they play well boy. They look awfully sharp
I just got I have now falling into the malaise of pessimism. Oh don't do it man. Say it ain't so
The Patriots
With an upset win. Oh
Not an upset not the Patriots will disappoint the dolphins. Oh boy, but the dolphins will get in the playoffs
You better take a different plane up to new England. I can't help it man. I got I you know
Make it just to tell it and get a hold of you. Oh, you know what? Oh my god. Yeah, there was
There was for you to hear there was the evidence, but I like I said I wasn't here when it happened
So I don't really don't but it was just a stupid thing to do and to keep saying and doing stupid things
Then it gets like I said bird like a little kid with his hand on the stove and then like oh, I didn't really mean it
It was just a joke. I didn't have the the list of affiliates
That was the all time and then the fact I still it's amazing
It's the epitome of what this town is all about the fact that the Miami-Herald
Which is one all these goddamn prizes etc and so on and here's supposed to be a real major market newspaper
And they put Barry Jackass any crap that he writes which is basically any crap that Greg Reed tells him
And Mohawar tells him or anybody else will speak to him
Including the mad dog who denies him, but he's he consorts with Barry Jackass are you ready for that?
The mad dog Greg Reed and Mohawar david it
They all consort with the little Barry Jackass the little
tub of pud
And he puts it a paper there this thing about well they have a week signal
Yeah, right 50,000 watts in the middle of the dial you idiot you jackass a name well deserved Barry rhymes with Mary and fairy
You silly goose and he put it in the paper
It's just astonishing. It's shocking to me and there's no outrage and there's no people questioning
I'm the only one of this whole goddamn town it brings him to bear to account for it
I mean don't confuse us with the truth or with the facts
Oh, I listen to your show every day you're doing a wonderful job. He didn't check the affiliate list though
How can he possibly not know that they're on in a market?
Maybe they're just coming in magically over his radio. Maybe he's got one of those magic radios
And he just speaks the words Tony Bruno and there's the show shows up Howard Stern
There's Howard three in the afternoon. The Howard Stern show comes on holding on his radio. Isn't that a next-time feature?
Yeah, he's got that new satellite mohawar david radio
We just speak y'all to the name
Stupid
Randy Rhodes is there. There she is. There's Randy
Yes, see
Yes, Alan I picked up the game on a big dish. She was blacked out locally. Yes
They have no idea why the panthers didn't televised that game not a good move nice one on a road
But was a boring game but nevertheless they won
I just don't get it
I'm gonna have to go back in that arena that are back in town straight nose assholes out
See what's going on there with Alan Cohen and all those other lunatics
You guys are doing a pretty good job on the ice but off the ice boy pretty weak
And that's one of the reasons because nobody knows who's on that team
I see Ray Whitney had three assist in Columbus win the other night much much of that game as they beat the penguins five to two
And Mike Sylvain's your head a goal and the assist I do believe in they're both having a big year
Sure wouldn't want to have those guys back on a team
My
This is 440560
Oh, that was the rejoin by the way I beg your pardon
My mom is here talking about drugs. I understand and about sex and about
steroids. I mean I was told that was a rejoin that next Moses have a great life and thanks to the Tylenol
With coach in there Bokobryon. Can you wait like another week or two
I thought I'm not happy to see you but Jesus Christ over with a chicken heck of yours. It's like I think good
I think that he loaned his neck to a fat rich
You'd be very proud of fat rich by the way for am I may them shocked
But I guess it's pretty good when they tell you your blood pressure is 50 over 30
And that one chamber in your heart isn't working anymore
That probably is if that scared us into it for you then it's time to check out. Didn't you think?
Check out what 50 over 30 I can't even imagine a blood pressure like that. How much even Moses higher than that?
Well
You know what they take blood from him when he goes for blood tests. It's real easy to find a vein
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T
Adverizon
Wireless line. What is he saying? Oh, that's you man. He's got the Moe piece on there the raccoon on the head
Here's a call from the Gables. Hello
Hey Neil yes sir you're gonna want to see a higher state uvm Vs double game. I might
Really? I thought you saw your hercose man now. No, I didn't say I was rooting for them
I said I might watch the game. That doesn't mean I'm rooting for them. Of course not. Okay. Hey, did you want to sit at the golfing bus?
I'm afraid to ask we need some help. Okay
He was doing pretty weekly until he got to that now. Here's a factor. Manette who says welcome back happy new year
Nice to have you back to tell here's a good one. I enjoyed George for the first time
Says in it. How do you like that? They're starting to catch a little bit of slack not too much. Maybe it's because of the holidays
Or maybe because you talked about what was it with the guy said before you talked about that he enjoyed so much
I forgot
Looking ass that was it. I listen every day in the way to work
I enjoy the articles you read on the radio. I don't have time to read all those papers you keep me informed says in it
Well, we'll see we'll see how it shakes out during the new year sweet art
Because so far today we don't have too many people call him in praying for those periodicals on audio
We don't want to give the little Tommy jicke all been out of shape again. We want to do the show exactly the way Tom wants
Okay, remember Tommy wants he was pretty good driver Hazel park pompano park
Good trot man five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
What's wrong with sitting here in begging for calls all day? Huh for four hours for that kind of money
I'll do it. I got bokeh brine's checking my pocket here
I knew he would come in today. I know what kind of guy he is the way he operates
Although I will say this all of the bits that he does that I can't play on the year
That's starting to get a little expensive these days
Here's a call from margate. Hello
Oh meal. Yes, sir happy new year to you and the same to you
You know obviously the ticket holder for the panthers and I'm unfortunately been going on here the one
Yeah, I've been going to most of the games and right up
I'm right opposite from you in one nineteen. Yeah
And you know and I know why they're not what they need to be it's all about money
I mean when padwell burry gets crazy and eleven million dollars worth of payroll disappears
What do they do with that eleven million dollars?
Well the thing that really pisses me off is the fact that if they would have spent some of that money on just a couple of
Free agents or a couple of other players
They really could be competitive
I mean there are only four points out of first in a week division right now
If they would have kept Whitney if they would have kept soldier even forgetting about getting anybody knew if they would have just kept some of the really
Good players number one to fans with an owner who the damn team was and number two
They could have been maybe even in first place right now
What's the matter with garen or a monday and they were out there for the grabs or are melon v
Sky all the least played great for the blues
After they ended up doing nothing and ended up with a team that's got a lot of energies at the twenty three twenty four years old
They're not a bad team. No, man. And keen that keenon is doing a great job with him
I mean here and people don't realize what a marvelous job
He's doing with a very young and experienced team
But the fact is with all the years of disappointment and frustration the public's been through here and for those kind of prices
People don't want to see young and energetic. They want to see weedy competitive and team especially at home that can win some games
Can you explain that the only I don't understand about the talkies why they're so pathetic at home
And why they really actually played damn well on that right?
You know something that maybe the the age factor again because when they're at home
They may you know feel a lot more pressure when you've got young and experienced kids on the team
Maybe that's it because at home they play scared they're on their heels. They don't look good
I mean the Dallas the Dallas game last Friday. That was one of the worst games. I've ever seen in my life
That was pathetic. Yeah, a few more films like that and you'll you'll hear an echo in the stands
You know well, I'll be seeing you there now that I'm back. I'll be coming from games
I'll come over to have a look at the way I actually got every game. I sit there and I pray but the end result pretty typical
We know it's gonna be a tie and an overtime
Yeah, all right
Here's my good friend Tommy just came in. He's got some interesting reports
I'll bet here's our good for your good friend David again who just won't stop. He won't we're gonna have to do something with this guy, you know what?
I
Notice on the top it says aircraft parts support group ink. You don't think that's a corporation
You might own or work for it be involved within some way since it's on their fax machine or he's snuck in to use their fax machine
Oh, yeah, it could be could be a like camouflage
I just got off the phone with Jeff high. He's over to car wash doing a promo anyway
He's scared of you right now because of the balance for life thing
He said that during the holidays he ate like a pig and I saw me to everything from devil legs to chocolate cake to devil legs on top of
The cake
Anyway, he's avoiding you
Jeff initially told me he stopped balance for life because he didn't like the food
But after prodding he admitted the problem was because he couldn't eat what he wanted was really tough
Especially during the holidays with salons hot dogs he had shipped in from Buffalo and a Polish wieners
You are a Polish wiener fat boy you idiot
He also drinks like a fish which means beer wine whiskey everything most of the liquor he gets a discount from your sponsors
At a small sponsor about six months ago. I had to help him into a bathroom stall
Like looking at a blob it says
I've never seen someone down as much liquor as Jeff have you ever met a son Matthew? Yes
Five foot two and three hundred pounds. He's he's got the whole fat family
It's tragic his wife is a tub his daughter is a tub the one who's gonna be what is she an Olympic
Eater sought putter. She's an Olympic cake eater. I think
It says don't bother with balance for life to with Jeff because he's well
I never I was not my idea to put him on air
I said the beast keep him on air and as good old Troy and Troy straffered oh no
Well, you know he hasn't lost it up and they put a guy in whose is destined to fail from the beginning
Don't like be like put me on it
If he's gonna use me as the poster child he forget about it. Dang gonna happen. I'm not gonna lose weight eating baba ganouche
No, I don't think so eating all that tofu stuff. I like some real food man
I like real food for real people
5 6 7 0 5 6
5 5 6 the on so bring in the stuff you got there will you
Old crater head. Let's go already god damn it is he slow. I couldn't play I could either go to play his bits or I'll play the franklokon
Wait a year this there is dash and Edwards and Kerry and Dean remember now remember
Yeah, I was talking about franklokon and he will raise it. I and Z and wasted way in hell and Dale well nothing's perfect
And even Gary still carries a dream
But do you recall?
No the very best candidate of all
Bob Crams the only candidate
Who can run and win it all
He'll make a real great president if Bob will only answer the call
All of the other candidates together. They don't make one bob
They would all say if you ask them
Bond frame he can do the job
So let's begin our rally cry say it loud and clear
Bob our country needs you now make the choice to run somehow
So happy
As we shout it out with green
Bob Graham the 44th president
New grid on history
We have a friend you think that's enough of that
Well franklokon. Oh, he's a big democratic booster pusher
You know what I'm kind of like Wayne Arnold
He's big at the water department stuff like that. Hey, by the way. Thanks Wayne. You're a good guy
5 6 7 0 5 60. What are you smoking about I'm not smoking I'm smiling. You're you're shmerkling again
I'm here to my we love we love we love we love we love a Hudson right in fact. I like it so much
I may go out and buy one a Hudson
Do you ever see a Hudson? No boy those things were nasty looking no wonder they went out of business
I mean some cars you don't know why they went out a bit like stutabakers were kind of cute
I mean Packard my father used to buy package all the time x cuz he had tasted his tush
Packers were like a big box like a huge
But stutabakers were cute when I was looking cars. How about the Henry J was a good looking old car friend who had a stutabaker?
Did you ever see Henry J? No would like the fins kind of like cat-like fins on a arassin. Oh, uh, they were nice Henry J
hey
5 6 7 0 5 60 what are now we got a new mohauer David big yeah got not auction coming up. Oh boy
That's where we auction off an item a great value
Oh, yeah
They're homeless wait okay
Well, uh, we got no auction these items off for a very very good good cause reach for the sky
What's that mean? It moves stupid if they don't give up a goat we take it anyway see
Oh like reach for the sky your money or your wig
What's the matter mo? I'm thinking just a joke moh a joke, huh? Yeah, I got a joke for you
That's funny
Now, uh, why do we got no auction off this time why not all can all your pee bear say that's not a bad idea
I need to know when anyway
But please let me tell my minions and paradise about the luxurious other glades hotel and its magnificent spa
That's where my close-place middle man friend Jake Feedler and I go quite often ain't nothing like two men in a spa
Line their naked with just the dowels
Steady moisture
Are you waiting up balls?
J. Soft hands get me caressing my butt ducks
Didn't grasp it on me
You can't bury the way mo you squirt mommy
You want professional smuck? How dare you interrupt the spot?
You're splashing me again. How did you splash?
You're splashing me
With your riskparagus feet
You wanna see
The fields are getting my pants clean
That it smells like foxes and a sketch
Now time you got a brand new bag
The bag makes me feel good
Like an oldie
Gaga's jute
It even feels nice
Like when I melt the hot wax in my eye
Do do do do
This old one here is sacked
So I gotta get a brand new bag
Here
With your splash feet
It stinks
Jorge 1231 at 560 WQAM
No more of those small bits until next week
355 votes on a pool
Well I tell you this has been great today
This has been like a holiday
And I didn't realize
See I would have been more enthusiastic about coming back today
If I realized we still were on a holiday
Everybody else in the building is
You said muf and he's gone now
Let's take the building over now I'm up scorn
There ain't nobody here running to place
We'll go lock the doors
Let's take this joint over
Is there anything worth anything here?
No
How sad
We used to joke about that
Where the hell was it? Was it at INZ somewhere?
We used to joke about locking the doors you know
And just taking the place over and playing crap over and over like for 48 hours
Yeah let's play that dolphin song
That would be good now the Brian Cox one
Let's play that from now to 1 o'clock
Come on morning
Sure beats the Mark Eisenbergs sure
I'm sorry
That's bad
Why do I pick on Mark so bad
He's a good guy
Well you know he's not good on the air
No I wouldn't know that
He makes you sound like god damn uh
Chet Huntley
Does it he?
Who?
You're such a puss
I hear it's just a rumor that George had another birth there
I heard they called it off this year for lack of interest
Does that mean I don't age
Here's mentally hello
Neil welcome back
Yes sir
Hey listen now
Happy New Year to you sir
Same thing about it
Happy 2003
Why are you still down on the hurricanes
Even Larry Coker's a good guy
He's running a clean program now
Not like that Jimmy's Johnson
Yeah, I don't know I really can't figure that out
That's a good that's a good question
I like it's like with Notre Dame
Once he developed my hatred for a program
It's hard to make it go away you know
He's a good guy though that Larry Coker
Yeah Larry Coker he's okay
Uh they got a great program
And the only thing I miss is Sunny Hurts
He's not around anymore
No he's not
Well we got Joseph Gackie puking and screaming
And acting like about a 10 year old child
And my good friend Don Bailey Jr.
Squealing and caring
I'm trying to be like Mad Dog Jr.
Pretty embarrassing
I'm gonna embarrass every time I hear that
Yeah
It's just a matter of time
When you think that they could have had Bill Zimper
Doing a U of M games
And they made that bad bad mistake
With Joseph Gackie
That's that's uh unconscionable
I get a nervous stomach from him
But he's a good guy
He gives me spielkeys you're right
Uh but anyway I missed that Bill Zimper
They had to bring that mohower to fit in
I guarantee Bill Zimper would not have picked a win with a win at game last Sunday
I guarantee you and either Rick Weaver
Can you imagine Rick Weaver
Damn veteran the white hankies and all that stuff
Can you imagine him picking the dolphins to lose to any opponent?
No chance
He should be strung up for that
Well we're working on it
Not seriously I mean stop and think of no matter
Whether it's stick or not
He's the one that's always talking about
Well under the guise of stick
There's certain things you don't do
One of the guise of stick
And at his turn on the people that are like
Paying your guide damn most salary
That would be like me attacking the beastly
A bunch of cheap bastards
A bunch of cheap yahuas
I am gonna
I think tomorrow do four hours on what Bob
Vermouth told me over there in Amsterdam at that dinner that night
About how that night he found George Beasley up in that tree plane of banjo
I'm gonna tell all those stories tomorrow
Between nine and one right here on his station
That's exactly what Bob Vermouth be telling me
And he also told me what a smart guy Greg Reed was
And at that point I knew I was dealing with a major asshole
5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T
Maybe if you talk nice to the engineering department
Maybe they'll send you all that equipment from Amsterdam
Maybe maybe Carlos there can scan the computer
Okay, huh? I mean it's it's
Kind of like this one here. It's kind of generic
But it works pretty good, huh?
What are you what are you nodding your heads?
They're not gonna give you crap, man. Are you kidding me?
We could use the computer in here
They have damn right we could use that computer right here
Get rid of that old piece of crap
I think that one's slow
It is
Oh is it because of the computer that's slow?
Because then you you're gonna give me all over bell sound
No, no, no, no, good friend Spiro Kenton
And then all over internet explorer and over on net and net scape
And it comes out this way out of the computer slow
Well, I'd be glad to spring for a new computer in here
When you're making the 20 30 40 million a week
I mean, what's the problem here? I'm got the big bucks coming in
What are you laughing about?
Nothing we could put that one in here.
See that's one thing I'll say for this play one thing
And that is like if I go out and I'm gonna like
Like at the ATM because I have my card with me all the time
Because you get a better exchange rate when you're like in Toronto
At the ATM so I get all my cash out of the ATM
and you take that money and you think to yourself
It doesn't make any difference
It's like when I went to dillards the other day to buy some clothes
Not because I want to get all spiffed up to impress more
But because you know, I got to get some clothes
And I went in here and I paid the extra price
There's nobody shopping in there because they have beautiful merchandise at a hefty price
I don't care, I don't shop price
But I go into publics
I just picked up off the shelf that I want
That's nice to be able to do that
I'm not saying this to look down the nose
And all three of you who are a bunch of sluppers
But now that I think of it it's pretty nice to be able not to worry about cash
You know
However much I want there it is I got it
You know
No I mean
Now two of the three of you still got most of your life out of you
Volkabrion of course he's you know he's at the end of the road
He's still he's in addition which since his mind is trapped in the 50s and 60s
Anyway he ought to be happy to have an income
The money he's making now is big money back in the 50s
In the 1850s
Yeah so we ought to be satisfied with that
He can buy all those old Uncle Mil tea tapes
Oh by the way thanks very much for the howdy duty uh
DVD do you know he sent me that for my birthday
No I didn't howdy duty
And it's still up there in Toronto
I'm gonna have to go out and buy a DVD player to watch what he laughing about
I I can go right to right over there downtown
Buy all the DVD players I want how much you want
Here's my credit card here's some cash
Here's some of that cheap Canadian cash
No problem
It's a nice feeling I want to go out and buy two more corvettes today
I think just out of spite I'm gonna go buy two more corvettes
They got that new one the anniversary model which nobody has called about yet
Which I'm amazed that you people
What is it the what which anniversary 40th
I think 40th well whatever year it is 50th I don't know
50th I think I need a couple of hours though you
And then I'll have to build an ad on garage no problem
So that's something nice to be said about that
So all the other bullcraft you have to put up with here
With temperamental old silly people with bad varicose veins and colossal bebags
You just you just you know
You just say to how are they who cares
I just ignore him that's my that's my thing for this year
We'll talk about him all we want in fact he's always saying that's our only topic on the show
Maybe we'll do that this year
Maybe he'll be the topic of the show every day
Because that seems to be what he wants
It's good you know
That's what he's looking for a lot of attention
He can never say that we don't give him plenty of publicity
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T I think those drugs are starting to kick in right about now
My life and local this is sports radio 5 60
Way to A
Oh my god can beat that jator meat
Oh
Let's all get back to normal call the mask or what she knows about the mother at all
I'm not gonna walk about a month ago
Laura's mother should know
She died
I
Laura's mother should know
She died
Struck on the head
Open the door and look on the floor
It's not the Lord of Mars
But she ain't any more
Been rotting so long
It's best to vote your name
For a mother should know
For a baby
For a mother should know
For a baby
No, Dr. Laura you're so wonderful
I'm showing you mothers in arms and alarms
I'm fast
Dr. Laura he's one of the thing for you guys
On the out of the news
My mother is risked to comfortably and come home to town
Psych the mountainous gang
It's our first right wing
Radio call that got the Lord of Mind
This is a door
Psycho we've never been on
On the radio
Laura's mother should know
No
For a baby
For a mother should know
For a mother should know
For a baby
He's every day you know
He's every day you know
Okay 19 to 1 to 5 60 we got the mad dog at 1
Josie Josh D D.B. J got a whole lot of initials on here on this schedule
Must have taken Muff at least an hour and a half to put this together from the fiestible
And the beast also from 3 to 630
630 to wait we got the or the big uh
In here not in the uh orange bull that couldn't fit him in there
And then we got the orange bull itself from 8 to 10
I forgot to ask Muffie before he slipped out of here
How about that panther game is on waxy
Panthers at Colorado Avalanche big game
That I think would be right on the verge of first place
And we're putting it we're farming it out to like a girl station
Any came to the hockey after the uh
Orange bull I guess and then mark Eisenberg solo overnight
That's our schedule take it really
It's starting to like come back a little bit toward you know
And then of course my good your close personal friend
Will be back with the guilty tomorrow morning
See we even promote that show
I don't know what you're talking about
We want we want you to get a big number in there okay
Like to seem get a seven share next time
It's in fact i'm gonna tell you what i think another resolution for me this year
It's that I hold it up everywhere i go
I have to hold up the whole guy at the station on my back
Everything is centered around kneels ratings kneeled at a tent
How about somebody else doing a tenor eleven share read in this next book huh
You're schmorkin but how about it
And then we can siphon off a little bit of extra bonus money on somebody else's back for a change
Right wouldn't it be nice wouldn't that be nice
That's what the beach boy said and of course Carl suit ran out but he would be talking about pet sounds was such a great album
He would be saying it again because he heard somebody say that once
5 6 7 0 5 6 you know how that is you hear say they i heard somebody say how many times my mother's always saying
Heard somebody once say well who well i don't know but somebody once said
That pet sounds was a brilliant album with the beach boy's most brilliant work in Bryan Wilson was squeezing this teddy bear and taking a long maps
5 6 7 0 5 6 you're free a lot better thanks a lot Moses for these italinals or are there two and all i guess i miss read the look at the phones man
We got lots of open lines here we've been doing so well we got only 17 minutes to go
Only 17 minutes to go
And we don't have a whole bunch of people called in saying happy new year kneel in George and Carlos and Moses
And Mo what the hell's wrong with you people are your anti social anti-Semitic or what
Here's a couple more Orlando hello
Hello yes sir
Yeah, I'm on the time I get it to Orlando. I'm in the hinterland when you saved me
Okay, I'm so glad to hear your voice on the radio
I saw where pop Graham is gonna be on the chain gang tonight
Bob Graham is gonna be on the chain gang. Yeah, it's gonna be working the chains of the orange world the football game
Oh, he's doing his that means he must be running again
I'd like back when he was governor. He was doing his job a week or whatever was
That's right, but I thought I didn't never stop doing that
It's up to he does one a week and he's up to 360 something now guarantee if you walked you come in
Whatever gate he's gonna be at with those bdi's you you desk and go through there
It's a pretty sad state when he's that's both the democrat that yeah, well you're out you're a Florida man speaking of a sad state
That's right and my wife finally got to see what
I put on our bolts being looks like he was in the paper in the sunset
I hope I hope it wasn't too close after breakfast
Oh
With the shorts on yeah
So
I'm having a good time here on half the hands of the hands and looking forward to hearing you the rest of the year
Okay, have a safe trip pal. Thank you and a jappy new year
Well another great call I heard you take that day that that woman called him at bitch that was sucking your ass and ripping me an ass
Oh, is it too much work that bitch
The other great call I heard was oh, so if Gorill would have won a McBride everything would be perfect
Remember that guy oh yeah another one of those childish right wingers who can't who can't discuss things intelligently
But have to like always bring it out of that kind of an idiotic comment. You mean you didn't hear the glintong guy no
glintong glintong glintong oh one of your people
Now how come somebody sends me this one of our regular factors, but this marked twain from the mysterious stranger
They just had a good thing on air at an email on CNN. I saw the corner of my eye
About why we're not going after North Korea because they don't have any oil stupid right
They got the bomb in your oil their rack may have the bomber. They're working on one, but they got the oil and we wanted we want it
You know we got we used Sodom for what we needed to do against Iran against the IOTORA right and now we're done with him
And plus he's a pain in the ass and so now we're gonna go in here and take the world hook the hose up
I filled up with gas here yesterday man. I took it back up to a buck 75 for premium again
They're soaking us once again. You notice how everything is all dependent on oil
Your whole life is dependent on oil your heating bill your down here your air conditioning everything the your damn car
Everything is dependent on oil
Because that's the way the bush family. I mean all these uh right wingers. That's what they want
Oh where the hell's my list here
Time magazine finally did something really good. You see it? No persons of the year not just one
There's the issue. Oh the whistleblower is Cynthia Cooper of World Com calling rally of the FBI
And Sharon Watkins of Enron
These are the whistleblowers and more power hats off to them man for having the balls here are three women with bigger balls
Then most of the guys you'll ever meet
Having a balls to win here and expose the kind of crap going on and the kind of ripoffs and a kind of ineptitude and the kind of garbage
That our tax dollars are going and not and not only that but how come there's not a revolution in this country over all the money
I saw peace on CBS news a couple nights ago. Maybe you want to cry
About all the money that was lost by stock brokers that I don't want to mention no names
Uh and and about well people are finding back they didn't tell you anything
They promote it for the whole half hour. They finally put the story on it and say god damn thing
About how you get your money back from the god damn brokers who never put in any stop orders who lost your life savings
Who are good chunk of it?
There ought to be a ran in like a civilized country. There'd be a revolution if that was going on
Not in this country. They're too busy crying like you said the other day. Oh the dolphins lost. They're still worried about that crap
If we could get as many people going back to that bitch again
It was a true and me out if we could get as many people in this country to care about things that really counted in the world and understand where to hell
Uh the world is at as they do care about frivolous crap like some stupid ballgame then we might be making some progress
Like you open up these magazines down here's M&M
M&M entertainer of the year you know what I'm saying
Does that see it all or what?
Hey treat in Canada from the internet to whistle. This is an old article by the way
Did I already read that yeah?
December 26th, but I've seen this before maybe I read it myself up there
I don't know there are facts of me all kinds of bedtime stories. We're not well. I'll save them maybe for a rainy day
We'll decide as we go along
Because if we continue getting some calls on the show I'd rather continue doing this
I'm having a good time today. This show went back and by like greece lightning today
This is easier than doing all that other stuff. There's a lot easier than you do it. You're god damn right
It's a lot easier than doing all that hard work
Who I want to do hard work when you can get to pay the same for going
Pull him and play it a bunch of farts on that's right lady
So stuff it up your ass you miserable bitch and don't ever call George again or come a he'll come with a two by four
We don't have no baseball bat. He's not in a baseball. He'll come with a two by four and beat your brains out if he can find him
Well, I want to see the picture first
Oh
You kidding me she was old enough to be your grandma
Whoo, actually he's probably kind to your mom
Here's David who faxes and says Neil you're the best your right sir. Thanks for the years of entertaining us
I'm from Martha's vineyard in the Patriots fan. All right, David
We may not have made the playoffs. We may have gotten screwed over by the jets there, but it's our own fault
For blowing at second jets game and playing so crappy the tendency game didn't even show up but nevertheless
It says Tom Brady the Patriots quarterback played the entire second half of the dolphin game with a separated shoulder never knew that did you know that?
So much for being a pretty boy quarterback who wasn't tough right and how do you like and that's the first I heard of that David
Thanks so much. We enjoy you so much
That's a for did you know that that Brady played the whole second half of the separated shoulder in the dolphin game?
Oh, that's right. You're not a sports nerd either. You've been hanging out with him too much
I'm asking Volka Brian like he would know he would know Tom Brady from the Brady bunch
In fact, he wouldn't know the Brady bunch because that's right up his alley again all that old stale TV that you see on Nickelodeon
5 6 7 0 5 what
I was just making them not just noises back about what
About the the faggot brigade so out there
Faggot brigade the gay brigade you know the little boys like the ball guy. Oh, you're a little spickry
You see why don't you call him what they really are spick brigade
But they're particularly gay
I see the next Christopher Lowell show
Hello come with me to Georgetown in Washington DC to see my toughest project yet
Decorating a typical Republican oh
They're not like the Republicans of the past more like the distant past
Not my type but when you're living in a plutocracy. I don't have much choice
Look at the bright side. Maybe this will get me in a freight car with a nice corneesh treatment on the window
Okay sensible Republican lamb shades they like the ones made out of Jewish skin
You growl isn't it? That's the toughest part for me. They make the light much too dim with that orange yellow hue
Makes the room all dingy
Oh well, I was already decorate not to judge now
I thought a nice man runner in the foyer would be a nice touch but they prefer human hair throws
Not my style, but easy to shake out after wiping your feet. Here we are outside
This rather important white house client of mine. I'm not mentioning any names
Ah
Anyway, he wants a vintage long jockey on his lawn but not the kind you think
Now this is a very public and half so he wants to hire a real Negro
The sensible Republican home on the next Christopher Lowell show only on Discovery channel
500 times a day
Nor Turner should be I'm sorry. I'm talking to the mad dog about the game we're analyzing it
Did you like that that they threw the ball three times there or two times then feed their
They had to kill some of that clock there at the end man
Exactly and especially Rick Ricky is running like a wild man to one thing we know about the Patriots is they can't stop
They're on they cannot stop it to save their lives and are throwing a ball done in the shadow of their own goal line
Happy New Year
Happy New Year mad dog have a great show man. It's good to see you look
What about 70 ready? He's aged a lot since that game. You know what? He looked last time. I was here
Look great and now in fact he's wearing one of most pieces. I just noticed that look at that. He's wearing the Sunday best
Boy, no, it's too much to be getting pretty tight. He's a little in his extra piece. Huh
Boy, oh boy poor mad dog. He used to be so great. He's still great
But I mean just the till the mo got him under his thumb, you know, he's just not the same
5 6 7 0 5
5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T
I think tomorrow what we're going to do since there's nobody around will play all those book of Brian bits the ones that we can't play on the year
We'll play money or anyway, you know the unsensory ones the ones we used to put on our best of CD back in the days when we used to do best of CDs
Which I sure wish we could still do that. How about you Eric could send him out right from the house
Three guys on the floor in the other room
Spy report three guys on the floor all at the same time. Oh
Oh, man. Hey Eric happy New Year sweetheart. Don't let him pick on you baby
Here's pin for fines. Hello. How you doing Uncle me? I'm doing great. George is Apple red in there. He's candy Apple red just like that
Stingrad like that. Yes, he was a very good while you were he was great all the reports are glowing on George
Now wait another week till a people call in who turned out and just realized that I came back
He's very informative. I was surprised he knows his crap man. Yeah, but I'm glad you're back. You're the the mask
I'm where it's at trust me when I tell you
Hold on to your car. That's a brand new model coming in September
Brand new whole totally new. Yeah, but what about the anniversary one am I right? Didn't that come out this fall? Yeah, but it's the same body style you have now
But what's wrong with that I love my vets man. I love them. I know. No, I'm not saying anything against
I'm just joking about that when I got to
When you come right down what the other I need two of them for right now. I'm only here like three four months a year
What do I need two Corvettes? Yeah
Just to be a show off just to be a hot shot like Mo
Mo's not a hot shot. He ruined that show
I missed the D-fo don't you miss D-fo? I miss Joe Rose and D-fo. How do you like that?
Joe and D-fo yeah
Goldie it's horrible now. Yeah, Gellie used to be a good guy
But now of course, he just has to be a professional suck up every morning. So we just yeah, it's so obvious
I can't listen
You know for more than 10 minutes I get the scores and it's the end of it
And you notice how Gellie's voice even went up two more octaves since
Mo came on because he's got about a short hair. So his voice keep going up. Yeah, it's a hockey job or something
Would that be great? Yeah, I mean
He could be like foster he would all over again. Okay. Have a great new year pal
Save to you nails. Thanks
See, that's a great day man great day for the Irish for the goi. Everybody's having a good time today
I feel so glad to be back in South Florida briefly
I mean if I were back here and thought I was stuck here like for the duration, you know
Like for more than a while
I would be saying oh my god. This is gotta be like being in purgatory which it is
This is a horrible state. This is a Yahoo state
In fact, where was that story somebody faxed me about Mrs. Cipi or did Carlos give that to me Carlos
I mean when Mrs. Cipi was at Mrs. Cipi around I was Mrs. Cipi wanted
Yes, they're putting a computer in every classroom in the Hernando, Mississippi in the whole state
In a milestone for student achievement in state pride
Mrs. Cipi has become the first state to have an online computer in each of its public school classrooms
A spokesman for the governor said governor Ronnie Musgrove now the one state that's always vying and battling with Florida for being last and every every aspect of education
Is Mrs. Cipi so I think we're now that we got the education governor in there again
All right nice going there jester
Rumor that I'm here and knows that because of this thing about the class size amendment
That the slots are finally going to come to the race tracks is the rumor that I'm here because they have no other way
Other than raising taxes
They have no other way to get that revenue to pay for it
And of course the public will never stand for that in addition to which since Jeb has presidential aspirations
There's no way he's going to be raising taxes
So all of a sudden those religious goody tussues are saying well a little gambling never hurt anybody huh
That's what they're saying so that would be great
Here's a call from Orlando. Hello hello. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, are you pissed off and fart up there? What I am I heard the first
The dogs will do it for you man. I heard the first hour this morning and you were talking about radio smagma. Yeah, I
Change in format. Yes, I haven't heard you since 10 o'clock
So have you mentioned anything about is 94 three and you're listening audience? I mean is that and in Palm Beach
Yeah, they got that monsters of the mid-day to put on her now and when you rip the crap out of that man
I love wait for the arbitrage to come why do we care about them? I don't care about them
I'm not going to be radio groupies are always faxing me this stuff about well the monsters in mid-day are gonna be in Palm Beach and this one's gonna
What the hell do I care? I'm here every day doing my thing and we continue to rule the roost and the life goes on
If we get a one share they still got to pay me what do I care? You're great man. I picked her ass and I you know and that guy said he misses
Joe Rosen everybody. Yeah, listen to him. Oh makes you miss
Chuck Meyer
And those phoneers those interviews are pretty good man. I'll tell you
Thanks a lot, Neil. Have a happy new year. Bye. Bye. Yeah, it makes us miss the old days
How did my now? Whatever happened with Renewry? Did we ever get any more spy reports on that? No no new ones
He's okay. I mean these guys the people make stuff up because I understand you live in a Florida your lives are very empty
It's like living in a vacuum and so you got to make up these stories about Renewry being drunk
Whatever that was I'm sure he's fine. Is it any I don't know
I'm sure he's fine and about Randy being a princess or whatever that story
What whatever you know they're all and I see all those Palm Beach stations
We don't know from that down here. They're not a factor small. They're not a factor
Just like Jim Sarni with that crap about oh savvy sports radio listeners will be two to eight fifty
There ain't nobody gonna be two to eight fifty. Okay, you idiot
Jesus Christ Jim Sarni looks like he's sucking on a quince get a new picture any he does
He they got a picture of a guy who writes a column in a major market newspaper supposedly and it looks like he's sucking on a quince
He is the obvious mother scratcher. I've ever seen in my life. He makes me look like god named Robbie Benson
makes his adjures look like bread pit
Makes book a bride look like Josh Hartnett makes Carlos look like Tom Brady
Hey, I'll tell you one thing mad dog finally said he came in here
I mentioned that thing about that fact. I just got about Brady set which it's true
Played the whole second half of that dolphin game with a separated shoulder
Now you talk about see because and it's true
Because of the fact that he's got a pretty face and a pretty girlfriend and all this other crap
Therefore, he is the sports nerds. They assume oh, he's just a pussy, you know
He's never gonna be a real man because he looks too good. He's just a pretty boy
Played the whole second half with a separated shoulder and take their ass in that last drive and in overtime
How do you like that and man? It's finally acknowledged it of course. I should have congratulated him on Michigan's big win yesterday
He would like that
Congratulations mad dog your team beat a girl school while he did
This has been a real fly opener, you know, it's been really spectacular. Do we have that one last book? A bride?
Hello
ratings call okay, thank you. We'd like your input on how intelligent president Bush is
I go ahead all right here we go who is smarter Jerry Mahoney or president Bush
President Bush knucklehead Smith or president Bush president Bush not the Lafayette or president Bush
President Bush Hunts Hall or president Bush president Bush gas Reverend Jim Ignatowski or president Bush president Bush
Dale Gribble or president Bush president Bush cast members who quit NYPD Blue or
President Bush and president Bush saw dust or president Bush
President Bush that easy and finally Anna Nicole or president Bush. That's a tough one. Um,
President Bush. Yeah, thank you very much. That concludes this poll by the way. I'm winking at you. I don't know if you can see that or not
I'll pay it but I'll feel smog. Thank you. Okay, that's gonna do it. Happy new year the mad dog's neck. Bye
