Anyway, my thanks to everybody involved in the show today particularly the beast for his fine performance. Yeah, his mommy called the station.
Neal that his mommy called and threatened me. She must assume me for making fun of his fat ass.
There are some people who go through life and their whole life is a charity case. That's the beast.
Yeah, but he lives in a fancy condo. Yeah, because he is. Folks, he got a lot of money. So like I said, he said charity case.
He also wants to marry. He feels sorry for him.
He says he also doesn't care how ugly his girlfriend or wife would become as long as her dad. He's rich too.
By the way, the guy that just called him that FSU guy, nobody comes, they're coming to our house. You know what?
It just makes me want to cry. I just want to scream. And nobody comes in our house and kicks us around.
See, I'd rather talk about it.
I think I like about a tiny button mushroom penis. You know, and I got a few.
There's a little ball.
I don't know what I'm talking about. Listen, I'd rather talk about all their felonies and all their, you know, court cases and all of their rapes and everything else to go on at these schools and how none of them ever graduate.
And incidentally, I'm I'm wanting to say I went to Keynes again. I wouldn't want to watch. I don't want to talk about any of these stupid games in July.
It's bad enough. I talk baseball every day of my life. I'm talking about some guy from Cleveland.
I'm not giving away tickets to my birthday party, which you won't be attending.
That's right. I wish you were coming up. But in August, I'm taking you out to dinner.
Clara, Clara, Clara is such an asshole. Man, he was a loser. Not only did he not call me yesterday, which I would have done the show.
I would have done it too. Are you aware that nobody even knew the George was sick? That could have liked on the show?
And incidentally, I'm playing bits for four years. It's an alley. How many how many times is George sick now? Once a week?
I mean, my God last week he was white yesterday. He was purple. What's he reading?
No human being on the face of the earth, even in the jungles of Africa with all those horrible diseases. They get over there.
There's nobody that's sick more than George. George is sick. He's always sick. He's on, and he gets sick.
He doesn't get like a sniffle or like a, you know, a stuffed head. He's like on death stories crawling around on the ground and puking.
I think he's down at Royal Oasis drinking rum runners on a raft.
No, no, it's bad drugs. Really bad drugs. I believe that.
I believe that. That hood there, right? A gypsy ill pharmacy.
Right on the, exactly. That's the one.
Yeah, yesterday I spent the entire day at H&R Block.
Did you just change the subject?
Yeah, I got. That's right. Change the subject from quick.
Give it away. It was God that Marlon.
No, no, no, no. I wanted to talk about my ex-wife.
You noticed it.
You noticed it.
No, different Morgan attacks.
Give away. There's no giveaway yesterday at the Marlon game last night.
Now on a cup games, there was a giveaway. Every one of the three games they had the,
a bobble head doll on Sunday and they had some other crap.
They had old, old player bobble heads.
No, a giveaway last night.
They had 10,700 announced, which means there was like about six,
seven thousand people there.
They had a frog's were in town from Montreal.
There they go. I think they're going to play in Puerto Rico.
You're making a Varian effort, boy, but you can't turn the hall of
all you're going to talk about my ex-wife suing me with a bunch of property tags.
They spent the entire, the whole day with the IRS looking at me.
Yeah, that was awful.
That was what they say.
Uh, now they just told me how pleased they were that I was cooperating.
Maybe it offered you can't refuse.
Well, I told them I, they asked me if I had any expenses in Manhattan.
So I gave them a 1200 in three months of parking and I told them I spent 10 bucks a day in
calves over three months.
I was making stuff up from like the early 80s.
I know the new paycheod act.
You have to tell me your paycheod's fan need have been okay.
They'd let you go right off the, I have never had anything worse than spending the entire,
and then this morning my ex-wife's mother of her sister called me.
This morning I'm here drunk on screwdrivers.
Unbelievable.
What you said, Nate?
I heard one.
The first thing when I walked in here this morning,
I said, I put it up, I heard one on there with Mo.
And then I heard Carl, you know, Carl, the sparse erected with a high squeaky voice that's on the promo with Eddie Kay.
Who's another chronic caller?
I just got like five people calling the radio station anymore except for the ones that want the free tickets.
You know what they should do is let that suds guy do to show a George when you're not in,
because that was the best shut I ever did was Friday.
There you go.
Honest to God.
Could have done a whole lot of things.
What do they do?
They don't call anybody.
They don't talk to anybody.
They stick peanut boy under to play bits for four hour.
They were scared to call it.
You're in a disgrace clearance.
You're an embarrassment.
Let me ask you this question at the very least.
You have to have, I know you don't care to talk about anything sport related.
But eight out of ten times, I know you love hockey.
Listen, my question is this.
Do you think, and I said on, on for all though, that eight out of ten times,
the guy, the fourth talk is going out of business.
Didn't you just say the station in Boston's folding up the zone?
Yeah, they're going under.
It's just a matter of time where this, this thing's all,
look at Fox, Fox Sports, and the last trend they had a zero.
I know they're nothing.
It's just, it's one diary in the last month.
But stations like QAI and stations like F&N and New York and stations like
EI and Boston stations that are like that kind of station
with all the teams' rights and with the neo-Rodgers and a foro on board.
They're not going anywhere.
Yeah, but you know, I'm not going to compete with his big show.
My question is, I said on for all that eight out of ten NBA players or athletes
who get in trouble, did it?
Do you think Kobe Bryant was raping?
Come on, you have to have it.
I'm going to need a bride.
We want to talk about the $450 billion budget deficit or we want to talk about
how we're dealing with our deal and talking about it.
Nobody cares.
In fact, the poll, the poll that Beena Boy put up there yesterday,
did you take a look at the result?
No, my goodness.
Six or seven choices on here, which of these you care about the most, okay?
He wants to do my wife, my nose, and I spent the whole night with Beena Saturday.
Why do you, he told me that, he said she's hot.
What do you care about the most?
And in last place, Kobe Bryant's alleged rape, 25 out of 1121 people, 25 people care about
that the most.
In fact, there's even a whole bunch, four times as many care about Georgia's DSL problems,
and that's more boring than dog crap.
Now, when you go to absurde him, I know you've done that a lot, but if you've gone to Ireland too,
no, I hate to average.
Why?
Can't stand, I just know a special reason, I just, oh, that's right, you're feral.
What do you think of the, what do you think of the, uh, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I
I, I, opposed the
a hot couples contest. I don't know if we're going to be doing it again.
Maybe we figure out a better way to do it.
Yeah, a more a fair way to do it because all depending on how many friends these couples
hit. Like for example, poor Maria and Michele, Michael, what do I want to keep calling him
Michele? Maria and Michael, 24 votes out of 58-11. I hope that they're listening. I hope
they take it very seriously for me. Don't feel bad. You think they will feel bad though?
Maybe.
And there's nothing wrong with them. I mean, I'm not saying that, you know, they're
the most beautiful couple I've ever seen, but they're fine. They're very cute couple
of dimples.
Right.
And they get 24 votes, which means I guess they don't get out a lot or they don't have
any friends so they don't know how to cheat on the eroding.
Exactly.
So don't feel bad, Marie and Michele, we thank everybody who participated. Believe you,
me, we wish you could hear it. And Eileen and Ben, what's wrong with them? There's nothing
wrong with them at all.
Nothing.
34 votes.
Lame.
I mean, just these numbers are terrible. There is Marie and Bill had only 34 votes.
Oh, boy, these numbers are awful.
Dennis and Kevin only 35.
See, I'm going from the bottom up. You've met and Nelson 39.
I'd love to have that, but Nelson, they didn't like your name, I think.
Yeah.
Kimberly and Bob 58, Laurie and Mike 70 votes were starting to get to the big time. Now,
Janay and Peter 71. There's Michelle and Rick with a change in the whips, which we don't
see 118 if we've seen the whips, it might have helped.
Raquel and Donovan, 147. Pretty good total.
Rick and Cheryl who tied, tried before lost and they tried to stand and lost again, but
they're moving up. Keep trying, guys, 203.
Brett and Danielle, 209, which they did very well. Natalie and Adam did well, 445.
You think that had got them in a running? No chance.
Adriana and David, 480, a lot of votes, but sorry.
And Aaron and Brandon 812. Now, you think 800 votes you'd win something, wouldn't you?
You think didn't get squat and there are a beautiful couple.
They really are. I voted for them at least 10 times.
Well, they get a t-shirt. They do? Yeah, they can set a t-shirt.
Says who? Isn't that what we're going to give away?
Miguel says the box of t-shirts are sitting in the control room.
Oh, great. Okay. So let's give a dick and side of t-shirt to each of the 18 couples,
right? Except for the ones who won a big cry. Well, we can give one of them to.
Sure. Especially with that big promotional budget that Miguel's got.
By the way, Miguel's going to be a daddy and it's almost legitimate.
Now third place winners put a lid on him. Have you ever noticed what we do the crossover?
You never finish any thought with him impossible?
It is impossible because he does. He's like, like, cat dance.
He's like, wow, let's talk about the model.
Let's talk about my girlfriend.
And he just, he's all over the place and he, it's a tactic he's got.
I bet you did that with the IRS yesterday.
It's called evasion. You know, I don't mean lucky income tax evasion.
It's just called being evasive generally.
They were probably down to get his ass the hell out of there.
Probably. Maggie and Tom, when they dinner for two at the pizza loft with 852 votes,
they had the early lead. They almost, they were hit by a breast, I believe.
And then they went up and third. Alexa and Mandy for a period of time.
They were also in first. They get second place, 976.
And the winners, Brittany and Greg, obviously have a lot of friends, 1203.
Well, they go to UM. They do?
Isn't that the one with the guy with UM tattoo on his arm?
I don't know. I just clicked it off. I don't know.
At any rate, they went first place and they'll get to choose whichever they want.
Three day, two nights, they were two of the World Oasis resort in Casino,
to Bahamas with round trip airfare on Lake Array or, or they can pick the three night
two day stay for two at Edenism, two or three in Jamaica, which includes no airfare,
but doesn't include everything else. Transfer his food, drink, returies, entertainment.
And whoever, whatever they pick, which one they don't pick will go to the second place couple.
Got it? Get it.
Okay. And everybody's going to get one of those dick insider t-shirts.
And again, we thank everybody. It was a tremendous response.
5800 plus votes of which at least.
It's about 30, man.
We're like legitimate votes.
1013, Georgia's sick. We're going to rip him an ass today for three hours.
We got our big one to two hour coming up. Piece of cake.
See, with a crossover with Ferrell, that kills like the whole first segment.
Right?
The only bad part, poor being a boy yesterday, gets put upon to play four hours of comedy
bits and try to like keep some semblance of the show going.
Very weak clearance, very weak between clearance and duct.
They were scared to call me.
See, they don't want to admit they were afraid to call me.
Yeah, there are a couple of pussy's they really are.
Freight to call me like I might get upset.
The worst I could have said was, well, do whatever you want.
I don't care.
I wouldn't have said that.
I said, I'll, all I got to do is walk three feet from the bedroom into here.
I sit down.
I could have said here and played whatever to have with myself, whatever.
I don't want to say what?
I don't want to say it would have been better than the crap that, and you're the one,
by the way, Mr. Bigmouth.
That was rip and tell me that Carlos was playing crap yesterday.
He said it was pretty marginal.
Oh, it was extremely marginal.
Okay.
But it could have like a real show yesterday.
But oh, we're afraid we're scared.
And you'll make it upset.
And then the excuses, oh, well, we, we, we, we, we got our signals crossed.
We thought that Carlos had called him or Georgia called him, right?
Tell me I didn't get better at 12 o'clock, Miguel, when I started taking some calls.
It didn't get better at 12 o'clock when you started taking some calls.
I'm sure that 1014 prompted you to call in one call, at least.
Oh, please.
1014 at 560 WQM, where you will not on the New Roger show here.
A crazy car, and you will not hear one.
Okay, and I heard you a little shot this morning, one, up your ass.
Okay, what about your rusty glass?
You ever see glass, get rusty?
It wouldn't his ass.
I hope you and Moe have a great life together, one.
They're going to willope is what I'm here.
How low can those interest rates go?
You're probably been asking.
Isn't that what everybody's asking me?
Everywhere you go.
How low can they go?
Now the financial group has the limbo rock under the lowest refinance rate you've ever heard
of in your life.
1.95%.
Is that right?
Absolutely correct, sir.
It's true.
Now you can refinance your home or buy a new home and get you super low 1.95% financing
with our friends at financial group.
If you want to find out how this works, give them a call.
There's no obligation.
Call 1-800-940-Lind.
1-800-940-LIND.
If you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate, you'll be able to check
this out by calling financial group.
They can get your payments so low you'll be amazed.
For example, if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan, you pay only three sixty eight
a month.
If you have you weigh two hundred thousand dollar loan, your payments are only seven
hundred and thirty six a month.
So call financial group 1-800-940-Lind and get that low amazing rate that you've been
looking and searching for for a long time.
1.95%.
Call them today 1-800-940-Lind.
That's financial group 1-800-940-LIND.
Either an equal housing lender, credit restrictions apply and rates are something to change
monthly.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
12.19 APR.
4.19 APR.
5.19 APR.
6.19 APR.
And it catches the right corner of the plate.
It's right, you're just sucking up.
I was going to put worse things, but you know,
don't be putting worse things on her.
He's very sensitive and emotional.
And now if I did it, he wouldn't have had the balls to say anything.
But in your case, who did that?
Who's responsible for that?
Get him out of here.
He's fired.
He lied to me, you know.
Exactly.
But anyway, there he is throwing out the first pick.
And he throws like a girl.
Now for a guy who's so obsessed with sports and a macho man,
and the guy who's laid as much pipe in his life as he has,
to be seen throwing a pitch like, am I right or what?
Yeah, and it looks a lot closer to the mound than he actually was.
I swear to God, he's the only way to home plate.
Yeah, when you see by the time he takes that third gigantic step there,
what's that thing that they have in the Olympics?
Oh, the triple jump.
The triple jump, right?
That looks like he's doing that.
Like he's taking a hot skippin' a jump and get about 10 feet out in front of the play
before he heaved it.
You throw like a girl, Greg, and you program the station like your girl too, man.
Nice job, but at the Moe business.
Absolutely.
Oh, brother.
Let me say it again.
This is the only place in the world you'll hear the truth about that is because
obviously Greg isn't telling his little spokesman there, Jim Masarni and Barry Jackass
about the embarrassing deal out of here was coerced into making
because he screwed up the whole time chain thing.
Speaking of the time chain thing, before we get to the very short paragraph from Hillary Book today.
You get a break, Miguel, very short paragraph.
Okay, good.
About 10 seconds.
But at any rate, Thursday at 1 o'clock, the spring rating book comes out,
and again, parent scruises up.
You know, clearance, you may not be good, but at least you're consistent.
Clarence did admit to me.
I got to give him points for this.
He did not even get the second base for that broad day of the night.
Remember last week you were telling me he had a date?
Did you tell anybody about it?
No.
Well, he told me about it.
He said we may have gotten like close to first base.
I think maybe halfway down the line.
Did you hear them ripping there?
No.
Oh, they were tearing our part on the warning show.
For what?
Well, first of all, it was Zach and Gryper.
Two guys that probably can't get a date to save their lives.
And he's Gryper.
But they were saying I thought Zach was married.
Zach?
To his mom.
No, he's not.
He's not whom I think of.
I don't know who was.
But I thought they were saying she had a beautiful body.
You might be thinking Mark Eisenberg.
Yeah, they look at the very much the same.
I think it's the same person.
The shape.
Yeah.
And they were saying she had a beautiful body.
And then, uh, well, how's the face?
Well, she had a beautiful body.
But then for all kinds of things, she was a very good looking woman.
I don't know all these guys.
Well, regardless of what she was,
Clarence never made it beyond first base.
And he's lucky if he'd been like,
he was straddling the bag is what he said.
He was straddling something.
And I told him I said, Tom Green and John Cruck,
at least between the two of them they got a pair.
You have to have a penis and at least one testicle
to get to first base Clarence.
She took one look and saw that smooth spot.
She ran like a son of a bitch.
Just a smooth spot.
In fact, if you don't, if you don't look real close,
it looks like he's got a vagina.
Clarence.
But that's what, uh, that's what the beast said.
You notice how he's going after the beast job?
Ever since the beast won't let him into his orifice again?
Which most people in the building even know the beast had his own orifice.
But ever since he closed down, closed down shop.
Now Clarence is on to get him.
He's going to get him off a rel show.
See Clarence, make up your mind.
You want to be program director?
Do you want to be a sports nerd on the air?
Or do you want to be the UM Hercun third guy?
Whatever the hell he is over there with Zagaki?
You know, he just, he just wants to be all things to all people.
Fridays, payday, big shot.
Just give me the paycheck.
That's all I ask.
On time would be nice.
Hillary writes, this is page four.
We're in the middle of page four already.
We're making progress.
On the rare occasions when Della would let you into her narrow world,
she could be enchanting.
She loved to sing in play cards.
When we visited her in Chicago,
she often took us to the local Kiddiland or movie theater.
She died in 1960, an unhappy woman in a mystery still.
But she did bring my mother to Chicago,
and that's where Dorothy met Hugh Rotem.
End of today's reading.
Isn't that great?
That was short and pointless.
Not sure if there were almost to the middle of page four already.
Oh God.
Long way to go.
1027 at 560, WQM would have come,
stand to have those carpet screened.
You want to call only the best.
And that's why I hardly and enthusiastically recommend
dry concepts because I've been used in for over 20 years in my house.
And I know that the number one carpet cleaning in the world they will never let you down.
And right now, dry concepts offers you a chance to say 15% on your next carpet cleaning.
Just call dry concepts anytime you have to get your carpets looking new.
At 1-800-248-507-1,
it has to be put on their stand by list.
And then the people at dry concepts will call you next time they've got
an opening in their schedule, it's like flying standby.
If you're available when they have an opening,
they'll be there and not 15% off the regular price.
So call dry concepts two day and has to be put on their stand by list.
They might even have an opening for you on the very day you call them.
They'll be there in no time at all and give you that 15% off the regular price of the job.
Don't forget your carpets look just like brand new.
They smell them and you first they're drying a few hours and they give you a written
guarantee price before they start the job.
You can't beat them with a stick.
So call today and has to be put on that stand by list.
1-800-248-507-1,
1-800-248-507-1,
check them out on their website, dryconcepts.com
Local here sports radio 560-CU-A-M
Who sounds too early on if I share my hands?
If it's, it makes my voice more stringy.
But you know it takes a neighborhood to order
some of the food in the street but until they do things like you.
I could taste big dogs too when they food me
like your boy or company's do.
Well my dad's close friends with your family.
Who says you ain't such a bad guy?
Of course, well, so Ben Layton?
Yes.
You've been marginalized.
You keep anybody coming into the house now.
You know we're a ratten.
A whole lot of business.
You can't be bothered to own a spell, American blood.
And for the day, he did like a annual old man who's
not with nobody know.
It's gone to leisure and share broad national
on their thanks for helping out with the pipeline.
We'll make you and Ben Layton.
Yes.
You've been marginalized.
Thank you for this surprise.
We'll get that oil.
Right.
That oil will.
I'm feeling.
There is so much oil in the gaspian sea.
You know, back on it.
Not only I'm in there.
I said I wanted you.
Generalized.
About the next day you let my family live.
It's the only thing allowed you to fly.
Will the dead things your folks are special?
I did that.
Rich, you did that.
You did that.
You've been marginalized.
You've been marginalized.
It was marginalized to be good with.
You've been marginalized.
You've been marginalized.
1033-560-WQA.
Another piece of bad news here.
Another US soldier killed today.
Another one injured during an ambush on a road north of Baghdad
in the Sunni Triangle, which means the death toll of US troops
killed in action in that country since March 20th,
has climbed 153, which is six more than those who lost their lives
during the 1991 Persian Gulf War.
That's US troops.
It's well over $200 together.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Good poll yesterday, boner boy.
Glad you did something good.
Thank you.
It's sure there was an extra one poll.
I'm sure there is a George one thing about George.
Whether you like the show he does on the year or not.
I can't imagine why you'd like it.
But at any rate, he does bad poll.
He did one good poll last week.
That was the one about I hate something about hate.
Remember that?
Yeah, I do.
You can't miss in South Florida.
Anything you have to do with hate.
That's their specialty.
They love that.
So he got a big response.
And then the poll on Friday was perhaps one of the lamest he's ever done.
I still can't get you to tell me what it was that inspired that?
About George should be executed by.
And then it had a crucifixion or a electric chair, whatever.
I don't know.
I don't know what I can't say the word.
Why?
I don't know what was going on in his life.
But he came in in a bad mood that day.
Is that so that was it?
In other words, he's taking his own personal mood.
That's a bad mood right there, George.
That's why God punished you and made you so sick.
I had won it.
Bad.
Because you came in with a really sour, crappy mood and right away you want to.
And of course the response we had on that poll.
I was up there for the whole weekend.
You know, when you put the Friday poll on there, it's up there Friday and Saturday and Sunday.
The whole God then weekend.
And had a very, very putrid, paltry response I should point out.
Thought they hated it more than that.
Oh, yeah, I interrupted myself before.
So Thursday, the ratings are coming out of 1 o'clock.
That's the good news.
The bad news is that Clarence scheduled a Marlon game Thursday.
You ready for that?
Yeah.
When he got together with Bud Seal again, the schedule makers before the season started.
He scheduled a God damn Marlon game right there Thursday, July 24th.
If he would look ahead and see the day that the arbitrator ratings were coming out for a Miami date, a Miami 4 Lodereal Hollywood,
he would have seen that it was on Thursday, July 24th at 1 p.m.
What time does the Marlon pregame show start?
12.30.
Are we going to be on the year one o'clock?
No.
No, we got the stupid Marlon Braves game.
I had Atlanta no less.
It's important not to bust in.
No, it is not.
What are they?
What are they for 14 and a half or 15 games behind the Braves?
Yeah.
I mean, granted, there are only five games out of the wild car.
But the fact is they still got about how many teams to jump over.
About 30 men.
Yeah, to get that goddamn wild car thing.
And it probably ain't going to happen.
And nobody really cares anyway unless they're giving away some free dread over there at the ballpark.
Nobody really cares.
The floppy hats.
Right.
So you're going to have to wait till Friday morning at 10, which means I'm going to have to come in for a little while on Friday.
So it's a damn good thing they didn't call me yesterday.
Although that would have been the right thing to do.
Clarence, you ought to be ashamed of yourself.
You're such a pussy.
No one of you can't get the second base.
You're such a pussy.
Man.
I guarantee you, if they want to find an anatomically correct Barbie doll stand in right there, that's it.
Even Kent has that like smoothness upfront.
Yeah.
Well, Clarence don't have a smoothness.
He's got a vagina.
Make no mistake about it.
So now we got a program director and an operations manager.
They both have a vagina.
At any rate, the pool yesterday.
So the bottom line is 10 o'clock on Friday.
I'll have to come in a few minutes.
Because Georgian going to get the ratings right.
That's not his bag.
He'll have mall stacked up there and he'll think he'll know what it's all about.
But believe me, is he going to know what it's about?
No.
We don't trust him with that.
It's too important.
Anyway, what do you care about most being a boy as yesterday?
You think I should take that retired guy on six or we can get rid of him?
Yes.
Retire.
Here's our first call of the day.
Hello.
Thank you.
Okay.
Am I good or what?
Absolutely.
And you know that from the time I sat down here at 10 o'clock, whatever it was to him, we'd finally get rid of Ferrell.
That line was ringing.
So dad gave away Pally, but thanks a lot.
Retire.
Obsession.
Expire.
What do you care about the most being a boy as yesterday?
If we're going to be a boy, we're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
We're going to be a boy.
Kobe Bryant's alleged rape only 28 people.
Nobody cares about it.
Only sports nerds got most people don't know Kobe Bryant from an e to Bryant.
I think it's the same person.
Who gives a flying crap from bear Bryant?
Who ain't feeling too good these days?
What about a bunch of bull crap?
And all this stuff on TV and all this coverage.
You can't get away from it.
Oh, he's got this squeaky clean image.
He does all these endorsements.
I don't give a flying crap about anybody in the NBA.
Couldn't care less.
What's your seven foot freaks?
They'd be out there.
They'd be, you know what they would be doing?
They would be out there shoveling garbage.
They'd be, they'd be on those big garbage trucks is what they would be doing.
If they weren't like seven foot tall freaks and slam a jam in that basketball.
You know exactly what I'm saying.
Yeah.
So who gives a crap about Kobe Bryant?
He ain't no OJ.
I'll tell you that.
Now OJ, we cared about a lot.
You bet.
In fact, I'd still like to see his ass fry, wouldn't you?
I think we could do a pay-per-view mate.
We could retire.
We could make billions.
Huh?
Don't you agree?
We don't even have to kill him.
Just torture him for a long time.
Yeah.
That's right.
Just take him apart, sell by sell.
Yeah.
Sounds really good.
I'm a construction Johnny Coquingan.
They're two and also Bob Shapiro and Flea Bailey.
And what's his name?
Little Jew with a big nose.
The Forensic guy.
Very, uh, the Shrek.
How could I forget about him?
Very Shrek.
Oh, you just look at him and you write away your hate lawyers.
You know, just look at his face.
You have to look at him.
1041 at 560 WQM summertime.
Neil Deals are happening big time at Halif Pontiac GMC right now as I speak.
Neil Deal Numerow Uno.
It says here the Sukapthumigel Numerow Uno.
It says.
Get 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock.
Neil Deal Numerow Dose.
Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC in Pontiac in stock.
Current GMC in Pontiac owners get an additional rebate of up to a grand from your friends at Halif.
And of course, Numerow Trace.
Halif also has a great selection of certified pre-owned car's trucks and SUVs.
And if you've been turned out for credit because you're a marginal,
because you've had some problems on your credit record,
they're not going to like chase you off the lot of hell, they'll make you deal.
And listen to this.
Tom Linden's your creator of put their rock bottom prices on every new and new vehicle in stock right now
during the summer doldrum days.
Stop by and experience just how easy and pleasant it is to shop for a new or used car at Halif.
Halif Pontiac GMC 134-1 South Dixie Highway.
That's on US-1.
Across from the falls would have been going strong for over 35 years now,
open every day, seven days a week.
If you want more info on these special deals called the Neal Deal Hotline Tool Free,
1-885-344-211.
1-885-344-211, don't forget all Neal deals.
Subtíted credit approval. See our friends at Halif Rollin' Tales.
That's Halif Pontiac GMC.
You'll agree with me. They really are professional grades.
My, my, and loco.
This is 420-560.
Way to way.
Doth get off this incident tonight on CNN ABC, MSNBC, UPN, ACT, CNBC,
CBF, NBC, Noggin, and the Fox cartoon channel.
It's hyper-sniper-mania.
On nightlines, head-goppa-linterviews, Steve, from Dell.
So you think media hype is encouraging the sniper?
Then on Larry King.
Joining him tonight is Mr. Moose.
I thought Bulwigaw was the chief moose.
This being Mr. Chief Moose, as a way to my disc, it's a moment.
Even you feed a sniper, please, even longer, where you can breathe.
Hello. This is Sniphound.
Thanks for all the press.
I assume about it is 595-122.
The responsible journalism continues when your local action news puts a reporter smack in the middle of all the action.
Have you seen the sniper yet?
We'll thank for that report. We'll keep our viewers.
I guess that was him, huh?
1047. How come Bulca Bryan never did cartoon voices? Don't you think he'd be great at that?
He'd be incredible at that.
Yeah, that's his bag, man. That's what the guy ought to be doing.
Here he is doing a bunch of stupid comedy bits for our show, which is fine, which we appreciate.
He ought to be making millions doing cartoon voices.
I wish my voice was the voice that he does for me.
I wish your voice was anything other than what it is.
Well, you know, damn.
Here's our poll question today.
You're making progress.
And you're not as fruity sounding as George. That's for damn sure.
No, I don't want to pick on George when he's out sick as a dog.
He's feeling really terrible. I would be bad.
And he's probably at home listening right now, even though he'll deny it.
Just like yesterday, I come in here.
Now, when I'm not working, believe you me, if I listen two minutes a day to the radio station, it's a lot.
And it's only if I'm sitting in here checking something.
See what I'm talking about with him?
Yeah.
So yesterday I come in here.
I found out by accident, George is sick and you're sitting there pretending to be doing a show because
parents are a schmuck and a pussy.
And then later on, I come in here just before two.
And I forget what that I was talking to Miguel about.
He says, oh, I did a marginal drive that I'm meeting you.
And Miguel says, have you been there the whole four hours?
Because I'll give you a really pissed if you were.
Oh my God.
Like, I'm sitting in here.
I'm just sitting there, believe you me.
If I had a, I mean, what are you thinking about seriously?
Don't you know me better than that?
I thought you had potted up earlier in a day though.
Didn't you come out earlier?
Yeah, at 10 o'clock to find out what that was going on.
To find out where George was and why nobody called me.
All of these things, you know, why do places run so slip shot?
And that's because our management is slip shot.
In fact, when he was throwing out that first pitch, Greg slip was shown.
You see that?
He let it slip.
You throw like a girl, Greg, like a little girl.
Like he ought to be playing in a softball league.
Somebody in the building told me something about him and softballs.
But I can't mention her name.
Here's our poll today.
Looks aside, good or bad.
See, originally I was only going to do people who are ugly.
But then there was somebody other people who have little talent.
And then that's, you know,
then I was going to do people who really look good but have no talent.
See what I'm saying?
But he saw, I just did decide to do both.
Looks aside, good or bad.
Which of these celebrities has the least talent?
JLo and Rika Iglesias.
Sorry, and Rika, I love your sweetheart, but you're pretty lame.
Britney Spears.
See what I mean?
By looks aside.
Yeah, I got my vote.
Can she sing?
No.
Can she dance?
No.
Justin Tinkerbell.
He got my vote.
I think Britney's worse than he is.
Brad Pitt.
Now keep in mind again, that Brad Pitt, great looks,
but is he really such a good actor?
He said it in the moments.
He had his moments.
But when he considered, he's made a lot of movies like How many a year?
Doctor, the man.
Yeah, probably about 300 by now.
And of all the movies he's made,
the one thing that stands out of my mind is that what's in the box?
That's it.
So what does that say?
Oprah.
Who never really looks bad,
but also has no talent.
So she's got to be Oprah and Dr. Phil.
Do you see how the connection there?
I mean, he has no talent.
The only claim to fame he's got is that he used to be on her show.
So now he's got his own show.
No talent, no clue what he's talking about.
He's obnoxious.
He's offensive.
So that's the beginning of our,
and I'm sure we're going to have tons of names added to our list, aren't you?
No.
I might have a caller too.
Don't answer the phone, Miguel.
I don't worry about that.
And look at that.
The poll is already up there.
21 votes.
Dr. Phil's got five and Oprah's got five.
Good.
Side by each.
Britney Spears has five.
Justin Tinkerbell three.
And Week is got two.
Jailo won and Brad Pitt don't have any.
I'm sure we got many more to add to that.
Okay, before we start taking, well, let's take one or two.
WQ I am.
Tannin, kind of, Kova.
Okay, good choice.
Aloe, she's, well, see.
I see, but she's a ten.
Now he's right.
She can't play tennis either.
She's got some talent.
She's got talent enough to be a pro, but not to be where she's at.
And a corner, Kova.
Put it down.
Don't be sucking up just because.
And that's the point.
A lot of guys think she looks really great, although I still say she got legs like three trunks.
And I think she's a dike.
But now, whatever she is, Anna Cornelholya, put it down on her.
Fans gather in the street to pay their respect before cruises funeral.
You know how easy it would have been for me to crawl out of it.
And first of all, I wasn't in bed.
I get up late.
I would ever get up.
It's like 815.
Maybe on a weekend, 830.
Because you're in a habit of getting up at a certain time.
I mean, you know, unless you're out to like three, four in the morning, like you, uh, degenerates.
I'm too old for that.
So I'm up anyway.
It would have been so easy to make one.
Anybody George could have called.
Okay, he's too sick.
Carlos could have called.
But more likely it would have been clearance or death that you'd have called said,
Hey, we got a problem.
Georgia sick as a dog.
Could you like maybe swap days or just, uh, well, whatever.
Right?
But they were afraid that it was said, are you got some freaking nerve to be calling me on a day off.
Expecting me to like work an extra day.
I wouldn't have said that.
Moe would have said that.
You put the fear kneeled God into them.
Uh, they're all a bunch of pussy's, the sales department, the management, people there.
Like, like, like, uh, like I bite.
I'm the easiest guy in the world that we're going to get along with.
I don't hear anybody laughing.
No, no, seriously, I am.
That's my problem is that I'm too easy.
I put up with too much crap, which is why there's nothing in a goddamn DCS down there.
I'm working my brains out here to make up for the hundreds and hundreds of these comedy disc from, from last two, three years.
I mean, George talks a good game.
Oh, well, I'm there to four, five every afternoon.
I don't know. You know, he used to come up.
Well, what are you doing? Uh, Shannon, you know,
Miguel remember Shannon, don't you?
Fairly. She left when I, when I first got here.
Yeah.
Shannon, I foppner.
For you are.
Shannon, I foppner.
I just, you just barely beat me on.
I had my thumb right on him getting better at it.
Fans gather in the street to pay the respects before Cruises funeral.
New York.
They began to arrive in mass at dawn.
A few had camped out since Sunday night to bid farewell to their beloved Celia Cruz.
Never heard of the woman.
I don't believe that.
Well, why would I say it?
What would it mean you don't believe it?
What is wrong with you, your professional spec?
Those of us who speak in English, we don't know who that was.
How do you believe you're for 30 years and not know who she is?
Very simple.
Do I know Luis Miguel?
Yes. Do I know Desi Arnez?
Yes. Do I know?
Uh, in fact, Ricky Martin before he became famous and does she think
I flew out of the closet?
Yes.
I know all of those people.
You know all the male singers.
Ah, so, ah!
No?
No, I know what's your name and what I've got the Mexican singer.
I've got shot at what that was her name.
Oh.
You get with an S.
Celina.
Celina.
How about Gucci, Gucci, Gucci, Gucci?
For the love of the...
Her name was Serena, not Selena.
Selena.
Selena, Selena.
Selena?
Yep.
Yes.
Serena?
They came by a house.
They were supposed to be wished.
Yeah, that's right.
Good.
They're sharp today, folks.
Oh!
They came by car bus...
See, that's another reason I can't stand, George.
And on foot carrying photos and placards of the late singer flashing her inimitable smile,
everything from personal snapshots to poster sized blow-ups of her album and magazine covers.
They came with flags.
Cuban, of course, it says.
I'm not...
I'm not interjecting any...
It says Cuban, of course, but also Puerto Rican and Venezuela and Colombian.
Some clutched huge bouquets of flowers.
Others held a single white rose.
Still all this brought signs with messages for the Queen of Salsa.
See, the angels plighted cane so you could keep saying azucar.
One man carried a bag of white sugar and honor the singers ubiquitous refrain.
Azucar was white.
As in...
Sickeningly sweet.
Azum.
Azum.
Azum.
Diabetic coma.
And many brought cancorders, too, to capture the same money outside the Frankie Campbell funeral home on New York's Upper East Side,
where much like Saturday and Miami public memorial services were cruised off and felt more like a joyous block party than a sad occasion.
They chanted her name.
See, yeah, see, yeah, and they sang Guantanamera.
So now I'm liking her list already.
She's the one that sang Guantanamera.
She was one of the many who sang Guantanamera.
Oh, my...
Old, old folk song.
Oh, the folk song.
They danced along to a music played at a modest volume,
near the funeral home entrance.
They whooped and cheered for the hordes of TV cameras hovering nearby.
And all day long, they kept coming and coming.
Squirt's going coming at 4 p.m. the crowd seemed even...
See, I know Luis Miguel, now if he died, it would be a great tragedy.
First of all, he's still a young guy, and secondly, he's the great singer.
He's a great talent.
He doesn't represent what she did.
And what is that?
Fat old room.
Fat old room.
She represents every outweigh that's often done.
Now, let me try to compare her to somebody else.
How about...
How about Carmen Miranda with a banana's on her head?
Oh, God.
What?
That's like Tommy Jerry.
That's the only place they see her.
But how do you compare like Carmen Miranda with Celia Cruz?
You don't.
Why not?
Two different things.
Carmen Miranda was from Spain, first of all.
She was?
Yeah.
That's...
Well, you sure know your spit crap, man.
I'll tell you that.
And I said that Cruz is one of a Latin jazz singer.
Oh, Celia Cruz.
I'm so sorry.
I'm not having been saying Celia.
It was Celia Black, who was.
And I was, say, yeah, Cruz.
I'm very sorry.
I've been mispronouncing it all morning long.
I got a straight now, Mike.
I got to get more of that Hispanic stuff, man.
No chance.
Although I do have a good friend here from South America, by the way.
But that's none of your business.
Well, that guy that's worried about who I'm dating.
Who are you dating?
Hmm.
1057.
1057.
Yeah, in fact, he's my around-o-clock nurse.
He's nursing it.
You know, when a guy is losing all of his hair and looking really nasty and grotesque,
and has to put a dead animal on his head to cover up the glaring.
So the sun don't shine off his forehead on a golf course.
It's time to do something smart.
That is to see my good buddy, Charles Alfieri, who offers you the most amazing natural
hairline system ever invented by a man or anybody else, or Muscrat.
And right now during these dog days of the summer, Charles is offering his summer special hair system
for only 549 bucks for first-time customers.
If you already have a hair system, you can save yourself 50% on service and repair on all types of hair systems,
including shampoo and trim.
It's the perfect chance to give Celia tried during these summertime months.
And here's the guarantee, return it for a full refund.
Charles Alfieri really is the benchmark of the industry, can make you look better and younger
than you ever dreamed you could look again.
So call him today, tool free.
There's no obligation to show you how much better they can make you look.
Call 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413.
Or check him on the web at Charles Alfieri.com.
My, my, and look all this is 435-60.
You ain't way, you ain't way.
Stop us a nice!
The 80s are back.
They are?
Uh-huh.
And 50s funny man, Jerry Lewis is too.
Are you sure?
Well, kind of.
And now the 50s meet the 80s to form a super group for the new millennium,
introducing Jerry Lewis and the news.
Hey lady!
The heart of rock and roll!
Heart of rock and roll is still beating through the ventricles and the AR then Cleveland!
Already with Shibuya and then the flagoo and all those places.
The King of Comedy is about to become the Prince of Pop.
It's Jerry Lewis and the news.
Hey lady!
Oh please, I like a new drug.
No need those plays.
It is a nice man, the pharmacist type person.
And the white goat leaves, I ain't saying it.
Hey!
It's him to be square.
And it's even him to buy something round.
Like the new CD from Jerry Lewis and the news.
Okay, look, you can find it wherever the pharmacist is.
All with a nice man behind the cow that they'll be a find it with a nice lady.
Person, okay, boy.
You know that was...
So you see how bad he looks lately?
But in this case, I'll blow it up or blow it up or whatever that ailment is that he's got.
Swollen and I mean, he looks like he's had to about explode.
Yeah.
See, now ordinarily, I would say, well, you know, that's really very sad.
But in this case, I think most people would agree with me that we are response when we see those pictures and the tabloids is...
Oh, right!
Yeah, he deserves it.
Just really annoying and just the one won't go away with that telephone very annoying.
Now, Greg, whoever Greg is, faxed this to me the other day a couple days ago.
Since I have four tickets for the Moulson Canadian Rox Toronto, four Toronto Festival, but can't make it.
Do you want the tickets or do anyone who would like to have them?
No!
No.
You know, the stones and the guess who and the ACDC and Rush and Justin Tinkerbell and all the other groups that are going to be there?
Oh, just...
Can't be there?
It says, if so, email me and NSCON email address, like mail them to the station or to Canada or whatever.
I hate to see them go to waste.
I'd like face value for each of them, 16 bucks a merke and each.
Oh, I don't know why.
I'll give them away with...
What?
I said, oh, never mind.
But we'll give them away with an see-well, yeah, plus he also does want to buy your airfare up here.
Plus, I don't want to hear anyway.
Well, thanks anyway, Greg, but I think the answer is, I just wanted to acknowledge that he...
That I got his fax and, uh, no.
There's going to be half a million people there.
You do understand that.
On July the 30th.
To raise money to bring us back from all of that nasty publicity.
99% of which was bullcrap, by the way.
Not one person ever got stars outside of the hospital setting in Toronto.
Not one.
All of those supposedly export vacations like those soldiers in Texas that they have stars.
No.
Oh, they were through the airport in Toronto for an hour, yeah.
Oh, give me a break.
Get it right.
And of course Miguel was in a panic.
I'm glad that you're there today because you and George Corso...
You and George Corso from our engineering staff, and I used that term loosely.
Very, very paranoid.
Last time I came back to town.
Oh, don't you think Neil should have to go into quarantine for 10 days before it comes back to work?
Hey, listen, if you can get me 10 days off from work any time, I'll take it.
Okay? That's the deal.
Starting now.
As a matter of fact, just to show you, just to show you the new philosophy we have at QM,
which is you'll notice why none of us works more than two days in a row ever.
Let's see, Hank was on...
I take that back three days, is the most.
Because Hank was on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
But then I see Thursday after the ball game, he got Zagaki and Friday's Zagaki.
How do you like it?
By mistake?
Yes. He did get on once for about 10 seconds, and he said who it was.
We hate you on this show, Juan.
Just stay there where you wanted, okay?
Because Mo deserves you.
I heard that line.
Oh, I call you every day because you deserve it.
Yeah, he does deserve you.
You're right.
He deserves all the bad colors he can get.
All the chronics.
It's a roosting place.
That's where a nesting place for all the people discarded by anybody else with a brain.
Who realizes we're here to entertain, which don't take a big brain, but nonetheless.
We don't want to talk to you, Juan, or crazy, a fruity girl.
That Karlsvar, it's a bad way.
That guy's been calling these shows, as long as I've been in the market.
I can't be called a time when he wasn't calling.
Because he sounds like a young guy.
I bet he's like 90.
Always with that same bubbly sound, you know, that real high pitched, you know, like, oh, God.
Karl, you're awful, man.
You're terrible.
You're one of the worst colors in the history of South Florida talk radio.
Maybe the world.
But according to Goldie, they make the show.
So you got to know.
All right. Well, look at what the Goldie.
He's busy auditioning for a job every day now.
Come into QAM.
Nobody there on line seven.
QAM.
What a shame.
Wouldn't this be bad because they've been ringing and ringing and ringing?
Mr. Chants, man, right down your pants.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Hey, great from Fort St. Lucy.
How about that on the list?
On what list?
On your list.
This is Andy, by the way.
Ah.
Do you know what I mean?
Summertime, chronic.
Chronic's never go anywhere.
Never leave.
Always this.
All we got left.
I'd rather talk to Karl and Juan than talk to Andy or Greg from Fort St. Lucy.
I don't like that.
Does that give you some idea of how pathetic they are?
No life?
None.
We hate you, Andy.
And Greg from Fort St. Lucy, whatever, whatever human emotion is way beyond hate.
That's it. You're it.
Point thing, allow me.
Dispise them.
Chronic.
Sick.
Discusting.
Disgraceful.
49 votes for Dr. Phil, Brittany Spears 26.
Actually, I mean, this is a list that we got 134 votes.
Just in 16, Oprah 14, and Rekate 12, JLo 11, Brad Pitt 4, Anna Cornucovic 2, and
Shannon Dirty don't have any in spite of what you just said.
I guess she just popped up on there.
She'll get some.
But this is a list that we should have like a zillion names qualified for this list.
But instead we have to go through the chronics.
We have to go through all the little game players because they're all alone.
Nobody will take them with them on a goddamn trip, unfortunately.
God, wouldn't that be a great bus trip?
The Q-M chronics.
And you know who could be driving it.
Right over the edge of a goddamn cliff.
Just fill up a big bus.
The guy with a fanny pack, the guy with the eyes, Chronic Andy, Chronic Grit from Port St.
Lucy, Chronic Carl, Chronic Juan, Contamator.
How about you, Wandsbury, I've said about Celia Cruz.
Although we didn't say nothing about him this morning.
I'll try a little shot at me there, but I notice you didn't have nothing to say about Celia Cruz Juan.
What kind of a spick are you anyway, man?
Probably your Zots, you know?
Like most of the Aspixians South, most of them are like from...
Love Republic of Domingo, that doesn't even...
Doesn't even qualify, does it?
Is that count?
No, no, no, no.
Marginal borderline, like I said.
They're too late, skin.
11, 13, and 5, 60.
At 5, 60, WDQM, how low can those damn interest rates go?
This is the question that people are running around asking each other in the streets.
How low can they go?
Well, now financial group does the limbo, one of the lowest-refinance rate you ever heard of probably, 1.95%.
That's true, now you can be financing your home or buy a new home and get these super low financing rate of only 1.95% with our friends of financial group.
If you'd like to find out how this works, if you'd like to get more information to vote it, call 1-800-940-LAND.
That's 1-800-940-LAND.
If you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate, you really ought to do this for it.
Financial group with the folks you ought to call 1-800-940-LAND.
Here's some samples, some examples of the tremendous amount of cash you're going to save.
If you have yourself $100,000 loan, your payments are just a mere $368 bucks a month.
If you have a $200,000 loan, you pay only $736 a month.
You can't be the one with the stick.
So call financial group now while they are calling you still hot.
Call 1-800-940-LAND and get yourself that low amazing rate of only 1.95%.
1-800-940-LAND, either an equal housing letter, credit restrictions apply and rates are subject to change monthly.
5.19 APR.
5-800-LAND.
5-800-LAND.
This is 560.
The rate is all yours.
2-800-LAND.
Ah, f**king wait, dude.
Once in a lifetime, a man comes along whose life story is so meaningful, it can only be captured in poetic song.
Cherry, cherry, cherry, cherry.
It's Cherry Springer, the opera, where high art meets the lowest common denominator.
Hello, I'm Cherry Springer.
Today's show is called My Mom dresses like a Trump stop hooker.
Cherry, cherry, cherry.
Cherry Springer, the opera, drama, pageantry, wonder, and swearing.
This is something I must hold you.
I'm cheating on you with your stepmother.
You mother, I'm with you.
Cherry, cherry, cherry.
Cherry Springer, the opera, the stage spectacle that ain't over till a fat lady gets hit over the head with a folding chair.
You think you all that's what you care.
Cherry, cherry, cherry.
The world's sleazy as talk show host is in the house, the opera house.
Cherry Springer, the opera.
1119 at 560 WDQA.
I'm TV man, a shock gay and horror Canadian wrote Antonia's Obisius this weekend in Toronto Star.
Talk about shooting the messenger she says last week ABC's Jeffrey Kaufman, formerly of CBC's The National, took a direct hit from the White House It Seems via the Scourless Dread Report.
Scourless.
That's because Kaufman, a Toronto native now based in Miami, gave voice to American troop station in Iraq, who spoke out against the war, or rather the peace, while calling for US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld's resignation.
Ostensibly in sense over Coppins World News tonight report Tuesday, which was repeated on Wednesday's Good Morning America, the White House had a dirty trickster, tip gossip-mongered mad drudge in how the reporter was up against the wall, openly gay, and no blindfold, no last cigarette Canadian.
And so on Wednesday for eight minutes, drudges headline screened ABC News reporter who filed troops complaint story, openly gay Canadian, before being edited to read ABC News reporter who filed troops complaint story is Canadian.
But neither headline linked to Kaufman's online story describing how the boys and presumably the girly men of the US Army's third infantry want to go home, how they feel kicked in the gut by the repeated extensions of their tours of duty, how they couldn't care less about the Iraqi people.
Kaufman, relieved how several pointed accusatory fingers at President George W. Bush Rumsfeld and other members of their posse saying their faces also belong in the Pentagon's infamous deck of cards featuring the Iraqi most wanted.
If Donald Rumsfeld was here, I'd ask him for his resignation, volunteered Clinton deets in the online story and on the TV report, but does drudge get into any of that?
Or why is it that they 148,000 troops in Iraq who have seen 85 of their number killed now, it's a lot more than that and who know how many wounded since the top gun outfitted Bush declared the war over on May 1st would feel so aggrieved.
Nope, click on his links and you'll land on a 2001 story from the advocate, the venerable gay and lesbian news magazine which purifies Kaufman mentioning his Canadian roots his insistence on being openly gay, is part of establishing a gay and lesbian journalist association in Toronto and his thoughts on being a role model.
Of course, so how can Kaufman be trusted is a traitor not one of us an assistee boy too? A Canadian from the land which ran away when the real men went to play in Iraq and where homosexuals can get hitched.
Now my secret is how Kaufman joke yesterday after logging another 18-hour day in Baghdad?
According to yesterday's Washington Post rudge blamed his slimy of Kaufman on brand new White House spokesperson Scott McClellan who inherited his flak jacket from Erie Flakshar just last week.
The White House press office is under new management to come slightly more aggressive about contacting reporters drudge told the post which reported that the White House did not have anything to do with the leak.
This story added drudge has certainly become talk radio fodder about the cultural wars slash liberal bias in the media.
Well maybe but it doesn't explain drudge is picking on Kaufman since other reporters probably all red white and true blue Americans have covered the same dusty ground well before he did.
Imagine the fallout of ABC's Canadian born anchor Peter Jennings hadn't let it be known this month that he'd recently pledged his legions to the stars and stripes and while I'm digressing she says drudge has some nerve since he's a gay man himself.
How do you like that?
Says Antonio Zarbissius in the Toronto star this weekend.
There on the Miss Drudge everybody knows okay you ain't feeling nobody.
What on that thinks about that?
I don't know.
And I don't care.
Probably squeezing himself right now probably getting ready to put another article on there about how I had Catherine Harris dying in that plane crash.
What you'll notice here's a guy who claims to be like he's got all the hot exclusive he doesn't care what crap he puts on here.
I put anything on there including a story from it.
As long as it gets hits there you go.
I had 44 trillion hits on my website and you know something you're still a silly screaming fact okay.
I don't care if he had 80 trillion a minute.
You're still the same piece of crap okay.
You're David Brockwood out the balls that's what you are Miss Fudge David Brockwood no balls.
Let's see here's the facts it says if you'd seen snatch you might not say Brad Pitt is overrated see the snatch.
Oh not for me.
I have it down there I bought it when I was there last time.
I think one of my favorite movies one of my top three movies.
Of all time of all time snatch snatch okay you know what top three is is a little high let's make it top 10.
I think you're a little high I wish top three movies of all time I haven't even seen it I find a who's in it.
It's Brad Pitt and the rest are unknown down here but they're highly touted British actors.
You're you're recognizing the few other ones but I mean it was directed by Guy Richie one of the only great movies that he's directed.
Yeah and I mean it was just the line Richie.
Dance in on the scene.
Go ahead just just keep talking just keep talking.
Anyway so I got snatched down there I'll see when I come home.
It says how about putting sale your cruise on the list I think that's an excellent idea even though she just croaked but what do you think is a make?
We go be upset in his family psychotic going too bad.
It says how about putting sale your cruise on the list based on the send off she's getting a vote load of people think she was an offspring created by an immaculate conception.
Let's put her on there to piss off all these silly people it's not our crowd anyway they're not listening to this show.
We don't have anybody listen to this show that gives a flying crap about sale your cruise while I'm 30.
Is that what it was on a poll yesterday?
Fuck third man.
Something like that out of our fast audience.
Now listen why are you sending me these facts?
I don't know I'm new with this.
You know you of all people don't need to know that I don't want to see the monkey man facts.
Oh that one slipped through yeah no that one slipped through you know something you have just fallen ten rungs on a goddamn ladder mister.
No but he's trying to steal my job believe me I wanted to set that.
How does it slip through I mean I'm pretty familiar with away facts machines work including that one that I sit right next to part of the year.
No because it was there was a whole stack of papers that I was trying to divide them up and look at this Italian scientists say gorging on pizza could help reduce the risk of certain forms of cancer.
In a twist to the accepted medical wisdom that food you really enjoy tends to be bad for you.
Researchers at a Milan pharmacology center found that eating one or more pizzas a week dramatically reduced the incidence of some types of cancer.
A study of 8,000 Italians found that regular pizza eaters were 59% less likely to contract cancer of the esophagus while the risk of developing cancer of the colon fell by 26%.
We know that tomato sauce was protected against certain tumors but we certainly didn't expect that pizza as a whole would provide such strong protection research yourself on a gallus told some days library public a newspaper how do you like that pizza pizza like it.
I can't eat it.
I can only eat the toppings and I'm sure maybe it's certainly the cross name can't be the part that's good for you right that's only part I can't eat.
I mean to astronomical levels you can in addition to which you know a lot of pizza places they put sugar in the crust.
Yeah yeah I apologize because they have a chain here called pizza pizza which is not that great in the first place but they're all over the city and they put sugar in the sauce and sugar in the crust and boy.
Oh if I were like I did like a fool did a couple years ago I have one or two slices of that my blood sugar goes like off the edge just as tilt on the machine.
This goes off the edge.
I feel like real woozy and sick I feel like George.
Now seriously have you ever known anybody as sick as often as he is?
Always sick constantly sick and just violently ill and then he'll come in he'll be on tomorrow and he'll be telling you the stories about how he was crawling around on the floor and he was puking his guts out and he was spent a whole weekend at the porcelain bus the whole deal you know.
I already heard those stories.
I think he is allergies like to his family I think that's part of it.
Starting with his mother and the wife and the kid and the baby you know what's with George everybody is does something it's the old man the wife the kid.
Have you noticed that?
Yeah.
You can see the grin on Carlos's face over here.
Yeah well he knows what I'm talking about everybody is just does something you know I'm the old man and the best part of it is I've been the old man ever since he's been working the show which is 11 years or something.
Well you've been old for a real long time.
Yeah well listen when you have to have a nurse round o'clock.
27 now what's this from a big Arnie just in Grorini from American Idol can smile on his good stage presence for cancing with a crap nauseating.
Good choice just in Grorini you got it.
Yeah and you got the facts right there soon how to spell it one thing about Justin.
It can't think for sure.
That's for damn sure and the same thing was true with the what's your name say yeah cruise.
I'm gonna say I don't really know I'm just saying that the piss me girl.
She might have been great.
She might have been the best who she could in the world.
I don't know.
If you didn't have a pretty voice she didn't have a pretty voice but she had incredible range had a very powerful voice.
She could do a million things.
She was no Louise Miguel I'll tell you that.
Oh no.
And he has a much bigger ass.
28 past 11 at 560 WQM.
Let me tell you right now Brandy shoes is going bigger and stronger than ever during this their 25th year in business in South Florida.
You say to yourself a shoe store that's been around for 25 years they must have a lot of regular customers.
They must be doing many things right and they are like offering a fantastic selection of men's and women's famous brand names that everybody knows and loves like rock ports.
Echoes, Mephisto, Timberland, Clarks, SAS, Floresharm and lots more at unbeatable prices and giving you specials every week on them too.
Then there's the wide range of sizes.
Men's size fixed 1615, women's 5 to 12 and widths from the very very narrow to the very wide and fat and thick.
And with over 40,000 pair in their 8,000 square foot megastore you can be damn sure.
You can be a beaten the beat of boys life on it that exactly the pair you're looking for is in stock right now.
Where it is slide on your feet.
Brandy shoes, there are 1290 North Federal Highway and Palmito beats the open daily 9 to 9 Monday through Saturday.
Sundays from 10 to 5 and right now is a great time to buy naturalizers all this week at Brandy's get an $80 value for only $3490 to $4490.
Let me say it again get an $80 value for only $3490 to $4490.
So be sure and stop in this week at Brandy's or check on their website at Brandy's shoes.
That's with two S's all one word Brandy's shoes dot com.
We're sports radio 516.
Ju-A-M.
Hey B.
He's walking.
Yes indeed he's walking.
How's Webman and me?
I'm betting.
Well Jay was throwing free.
Yeah.
And I give it.
That's completely good doing with those dampening seas.
He's staying.
Uh huh.
Well Jay was shooting free.
Watching every day on the TV try.
The other day I saw him crack a smile.
Waiting for the motion for the big mistribe.
When he lands on the carton doing a big high five he's walking.
Can't you see I'm talking.
Well Jay be green and he'll be right back.
Don't get me seen.
Welcome back babies.
Monday night football.
We're proud of him for this one old friend.
Just ready to do the glad to have you at that.
Listen we're uh what's about some of those jokes.
See uh some buffalo, some bullring thing.
We're not on the way out of line.
How's that new Renekar treating him?
He's right.
You know it's time I got to read in here.
I'm going to go to the stadium.
He's walking.
There's a man in the audience with those legal things.
So we owe him a big apology.
He's walking.
Wants to be in a moment that he will never be.
I'm stalking this next one and I'm going to be free.
Hello and I'm Renekar.
Yeah hello everyone, I'm Renekar.
Here's the Mississippi College.
Jessica's assistant.
He wanted it now.
What's up?
I'm going to make sure we'll see that we're working.
1134-26 till noon at 560 WQ. I'm happy Tuesday to it. George is out sick today.
Hello, you know, does it really make a difference? No. Actually, it's improved the show tremendously.
Here's a list for our poll. George Hamilton. Yeah, he's, he sucks. Gloria, are we putting these on there or not?
Yeah. Gloria has Stefan. Good choice. Adam Stanyans. Oh, you know who I want to put on here? Adam Sandler.
See, what I should have done is restricted this more originally. What I had in mind was having one of these cruises and
I've vacation over this place and that place into Boston. But I got all the great food and they just keep, they're killing them.
Your parents are killing you. Okay? Mr. Fatsow, Mr. Tons of fun. Mr. Roteun one. They're killing you. Brian.
Brian London, aka the beast. See, if I was that fat, I would want to change my name too. But I'm not that fat. So, you know, although I guess when I did change my name, I was about that fat. See, see how it works.
When you get to be a certain girth, you want to start being like almost anonymous. You don't want people to know your name is really Brian London. See, become the beast. Anything.
Besides Roteun and Brian London, known by everybody, UM is that fat little tub of crap that waddles to class. Can you see him waddling from class to class?
What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Yeah.
Lose the weight you fat tub of crap. We're trying to save your life. Okay?
And see some fat people will think exception that, oh, the parents, oh, all you can talk about is how fat he is. That's right.
Because we try to do something for him. Okay? We're trying to humiliate and embarrass him.
And it could be in a fat tub of garbage. I mean, he makes me look like Minnie Mouse. He makes God them.
Josh Friedman looks skinny. Well, like I said, looks aside, good or bad.
Which of these celebrities has the least talent is our poll today? The kind of poll that's outflow to sinks their teeth and do.
We got 225 votes already. Dr. Phil 67. He looks like a sure winner right now.
Britney Spears 34 J. L. 28. Oprah 24. Justin Tinkerbell. She's got 21 little Justin.
Enrique Degreesius has got 17 and a corner. Horia 14. Shannon Dirty 10. I told you. Did I tell you?
Yeah. Sorry. Who is she?
Sarah Cruz has got six Miguel. Celia Cruz has got six. Six.
Six people. But what do you mean my people?
So in other words, you tell me that all Hispanic people loved her that everybody in his, the Hispanic community.
Well, they like to say, except for the other in the US like the kind of front of me.
No, what?
Guano I have a deal. That means that I'm a Cuban that's trying to like get away from my Cuban descent, which is
a great.
Smith. Brand pit four. Eminem don't have any of it. Just in Guarini. She don't have any yet either.
Celia Cruz will get a call from us. I'm spits today. He'll tell us that they hit it or like poison.
She couldn't sing for crap. You'll see.
But not in your world, Miguel, because you just can't escape you need a lobotomy.
If anybody I ever knew in my life needs a lobotomy, it's you.
To get all of that brainwashing out of your head. Oh, you should have you should have been around
being a boy during the alien days. Oh, with this one.
Oh, we wouldn't have got into fist fights.
Woo. We would have made fist fights.
You talk about a militant.
Sam, you know, wow, you wouldn't have believed it.
Those were some good days though. You know, we should come back.
The right. Just right. Just for an unhappy meal, something like that.
Come on back, alienito. Those were some really hairy days in South Florida.
Of course, they wouldn't have the. There we saw once again.
You know, people are dying all over the place.
People are riding in Africa.
Oh, speaking of Africa, the good news EDM is almost dead.
Dada.
But what were you? The even CNN, MSNBC all whipping up to a frenzy.
Like it was an important story. It was a child custody case.
It was a meaningless story.
It's your fault. He's gone.
Well, it's my fault that he's gone.
If you think all was your fault, saved him from that nasty slutty bitch.
Maris Wiesie asked.
Talk about brainwashing, but there was a classic example.
And he's going to play and take me back to Cuba.
Is it playing? Oh, no, that's not what he said.
Did that what he said? No, he didn't say that.
He said, there's that plan out to get me to keep me away.
Boy, what a bunch of crap.
And Miguel gets sucked into that.
But why not? He got sucked into the bushcraft, too,
is with that right-wing garbage.
He's, you know, it's the mentality.
He can't think for himself.
Your brain has been stolen from you, which is very sad.
And the top of all, of course, being Hispanic, he's Catholic.
So I mean, three strikes in your out, man.
You haven't got a child of man's chance.
But I will tell you this.
And Miguel has been procreating on his great new mattress and volumatress.
Although I think probably you were procrated before you got your new mattress, didn't you?
No. No.
No? How long have you had the mattress?
Oh, that's right. That's right.
He created life on his mattress.
Every week over half the customers at Dolomatress are repeating referral customers because they
know that 1-800 mattresses got the best brands at discount prices every day of your life without
any of the hassles of showroom shopping.
And they know what real customer service is all about because Dolomatress ranked number one
in the universe in overall satisfaction.
1-800 mattresses has delivered down to with science.
You choose the delivery date and time to fit your schedule.
You pick it to our windows.
You're not sitting home wasting a whole day of your life.
And Dolomatress delivers evenings, weekends, holidays, on sukkas,
whatever you like.
It's easy to see why people try Dolomatress because once they do, they never go back to a showroom
again. Miguel recently called 1-800-MATT-RES.
And before you know it, not only did he get the real treatment, but his girlfriend got pregnant.
They were right on time, set up the new mattress, took out the smelly old heavily soil bedding
for free, the whole deal.
And for you high end shoppers out there, Dolomatress is a full selection of the finest beds available
anywhere like the Seely Crown Jewel, Sirt of Perfect Nights, Simmons World Class,
and King Quill Perfect Contour too.
And Dolomatress also has temper-opedic, the famous Swedish-fold mattresses.
So if you're having trouble pregnating your partner, this might be the answer for it.
Worked for Miguel. He'd been trying like crazy for months and months and months for years,
and all of a sudden on that brand new Dolomatress, there it was.
So don't wait another minute.
Call 1-800-MATRES right now, 1-800-MATT-RES.
They're easy to smart way to get you a new mattress.
Or check them on the web if you like it.
Big bills, dumps, the stuff on,
I can't drive, I'm sexifying.
Or they're broken.
So I'm too in right along in my whole fulfillment.
And I can't see over the stylus wheel now.
I think I stopped trying out an Omer bar too.
Half the railroad crossing, I tried to drive through the table.
I don't know nothing about the name of 25.
Carrying my worst as you should have survived.
But my mattress gave a surprise.
I can drive, I'm sexifying.
Oh yeah, I can drive, I'm sexifying.
I can drive, I'm sexifying.
I can drive, I'm sexifying.
I can drive.
Oh my god.
Oh, I don't know what you see.
I can see a test person died from the Russell Weller guy out there in the Santa Monica.
10 now?
10, 10 dead and a whole bunch of others injured.
He stepped on the accelerator instead of the brake and,
come to find out that this wasn't the first time.
We don't want to take those people's licenses away.
No.
Because they vote because they got the gate.
The great pantheist going.
The FBI blew repeated chances to one cover the 911 plot because it failed to aggressively investigate evidence of al-Qaeda's presence in the US, especially in the San Diego area where two of the hijackers were living with one of the bureau's own informants according to congressional report,
except for release this week rights, myzo Isakov in Newsweek magazine.
It's on our bedtime stories today later on when Beno Boer gets around.
What they're not on there yet are they?
Most of them are.
That one I think already is.
Is it really?
Yeah.
Great work.
Good story.
A whole bunch of good stories under ex-rumay to Baylor University player arrested.
Well, we knew that.
Right?
We know he'd done it.
Former roommate of missing Baylor University basketball player Patrick Denny.
He was charged yesterday with murder authority.
Said the warrant naming Carlton Dotson was issued by police.
In Waco, Texas, where Denny's been missing since mid-June.
Charlestown police chief Walter Coriel said nobody's been found yet.
Maybe he's with the O'Hare's.
Madeline O'Hare?
You think?
In Francis?
56670560, pound 560 on it.
You don't even know who the hell Madeline O'Hare was, Beno Boy.
Nope.
Me neither.
See, this is so amazing to me, okay?
You don't have to be an old fart like me to know who Madeline Moriel here was.
Sounds familiar, boy.
Sounds familiar, okay?
Probably the most famous atheist in American history in the modern history anyway.
Oh, her!
Right!
She's the one who helped get that, you know, all that religious crap out of the schools.
I don't hear you talking about that.
Right.
She used to be a chef.
She was on my show a whole bunch of times.
About 30, man.
Big fat old broad, big dirty mouth.
She was great.
But anyway, she's still dead.
See, Sadia Cruz were supposed to know this goes to show you the gap, the culture gap between the professional Hispanic community of South Florida and everybody else.
All the real Americans, okay?
I don't want to start making into a nothing thing, but I will anyway.
Get with it.
Start learning what's really important, okay?
Nobody gives a flying thing about Sadia Cruz, okay?
God, that's so embarrassing, it's humiliating.
Madeline Moriel here, who?
What?
259 votes on the poll.
Looks aside, good or bad.
Which of these celebrities has the least talent?
Dr. Phil 77, he blows Britney Spears 38.
She looks great, but she can't sing for crap.
Couldn't sing a word about paper sack.
JLo of 31, even when I had humongous ass.
Oh, and have you seen the, I'm sure you have these teases now, the little blurbs they're showing from that GD movie with Ben Affleck in her?
Yeah.
Oh my God.
What are they thinking about?
I mean, most of them why he's wide up never even getting released because there's such a fewer over how bad they are.
This one will be no exception.
And by the way, you guys aren't fooling anybody.
Oprah's got 27.
Justin Tinkerbell's right on Oprah's ass.
He's got 23.
Can you just envision that?
Justin on Oprah's ass?
Enrique the Gracious 19, my lovely close personal buddy who loves this show, by the way, big fan.
Love you Enrique.
Do something about that mole.
Anna Cornahoria 17, see your right, she and Enrique are like side by each.
They're like one on top of the other.
I doubt it.
Shen and Daryl 11, C. N. Cruz 11, tied with Shen and Daryl.
Oh, yeah.
That's good news, C. N. Cruz.
That's all Miguel.
Right.
Boy, oh boy, you guys lose and don't get the booze because it's time to spill the news that C. N. Cruz is losing.
Bad.
All right, that was 11 votes.
Brad Pitt only for Eminem only three.
Gloria, even Gloria Estefan who's hated by all, she's only got two.
Although I think quite frankly, she's even though I don't know who C. N. Cruz is.
Gloria deserves a lot more votes.
Justin, Gloria, he's got one.
He's got a little one.
Mariah Carey's got one.
I don't even remember putting Mariah Carey on her.
Do it, do you?
I thought you'd read it up that list of things very, very quickly.
Oh, very, very quickly.
Yeah, she's such old news, you know, with a one-volt smelly breast.
George Hamilton none, Adam Sandler none yet.
Adam Stanyans, I don't have any idea who that is has none.
Who's that?
Oh, I'll ask you the same thing.
I don't know who that is, do you?
No.
I'll take them off with her right now.
Now, leave them on her.
Somebody you'll know if somebody put them on the list they must have some clue who he is.
I mean, if you don't know who Madeline O'Harris, how do I know Adam Stanyans?
Oh, hair.
Oh, Celia Cruz, yeah, no.
Now it's coming back to me.
No.
Not.
God, you guys that got to get off the beach just once a week would be good.
Besides coming to work, I mean, you know, like after sundown, just getting out of Florida for a couple of weeks would be good anywhere.
Speak of the devil.
Yeah.
My baby blue will be back tomorrow.
My car.
My car will be ready.
I can give back the rent a car.
Do you have any idea how accurate I'm getting about thinking about you doing this show yesterday?
Do you have any clue how agitated I'm getting?
Even though your poll was much greater than Georgia's usual crappy poll, I mean, the idea that Clarence, who's supposed to be our program director and his mentor there, Duff, Duff Lindsay, Duff Gritty grade,
that they allowed you to like, uh, mention you're some kind of a bogus for.
I understand it's the summertime.
Everybody's out of town, but there's such a thing as carrying that a little bit too far.
Uh-huh.
If you catch my grip, you don't understand that was beyond far.
Oh my God, your baby blue.
No, nobody cares about your car.
I mean, I know you care about it. That's fine.
Nobody cares about your baby blue.
And the only thing we do care about is you don't want to be getting into another goddamn wreck and then starting with all that crap again.
This man is like, I hear his breath away from having lost his job in his career, his fledgling career is whatever radio flunky, whatever he's going to be because of all that stuff.
You shouldn't have a car.
You should have somebody drive you to work every goddamn day.
You should hitchhike. You should not, you're not responsible to have a car. You can't do it.
Randy Maltos told me that he had a staff of six people working overtime just to handle all your crap so far.
Not only for two months.
What a guy.
Yeah, what a guy. Thanks Randy, you're the best by the way.
Absolutely.
Look, look, look, look, what did you say?
Absolutely.
Look, look to side, good or bad, which of these celebrities is, he's got the least talent?
How's it going? Doctor, Phil, 80?
Brittany, I thought I just got through doing this.
I'm just doing the setup to take some more calls.
See, I'm out of practice now because only Tuesday and Thursday isn't good enough practice.
If I were to fill it and down the show yesterday, I'd be in practice, right?
Sure.
WQIN?
Yes sir.
Yes sir.
Hi Neil.
Hi John, it's QF Florida here.
Yeah?
They told us CNN, they killed the Dom Son.
Likely.
Don't know, they're on their breathlessly talking about it.
Breaking news, okay thank you.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I was next.
I still, I saw many documents in the Universe
and I still saw many documents in the Universe.
I still saw many documents in the Universe
and I still saw many documents in the Universe and I still saw many pegs
and I still saw things in the universe.
that guy has done too much.
That guy has done more than that.
Ys, ah, this guy has some of the,
That guy has done more than that.
I still saw many documents in the Universe and I still saw many documents in the universe.
I heard that Kuse was a real Puse, is what I'm hearing.
And that what you heard.
So it might have been them and it might not have.
But this is like, you know, the boy that cried wolf
and the nose keeps getting longer like Pinocchio.
Well, when we find out for sure who the hell it is,
then let us know, because we've been hearing this crap
over and over and over again.
When you know for sure, when you got the DNA
and the all the good stuff, then let us know.
And the meantime, dummy up.
Thanks anyway, though, sir, for learning us today,
very, very important breaking news and intense firefight
in the house for dead and nobody taking alive.
Summer time in South Florida, you're in T's three things,
which is why everybody wants out of there.
So bad, he humidity in hurricanes.
You know, you can't control that weather,
but you can control how you protect your home
during hurricane season.
The hurricane shutter window shop provides the best hurricane
protect down to the sun.
We just want easy phone call to the hurricane shutter window shop.
They'll be at your home the next day with a quote for hurricane.
Shutter windows and doors customized engineered specifically
for your home.
From panels, the courtyans roll up shutters,
impact resistant windows and doors,
the hurricane shutter window shop will not be undersold.
They'll beat any written legitimate quote
because when you buy from these folks,
you buy them direct from the manufacturer and wholesaler.
You can't beat it.
So call the hurricane shutter window shop toll free 1-800-538-0191.
They also offer cash and carry for all you do
at your self-handiment.
So if you're really serious about hurricane protection
customized engineers specifically for your house,
call the hurricane shutter window shop at 1-800-538-0191.
Go and tell the old man, Old Neil Torrey to call 1-800-538-0191.
Why buy local air sports radio 560-USUAM?
They call me Mr. Boots.
And I've been visiting to the Duel of Warnin' Hour.
At 560-WQAM, we just can't seem to get the morning show right.
So once again, we softly advise about our drag head
chicken hawk insulted that we apologize for that too.
And now, 560-WQAM proudly presents the Morgan David Show.
Morning, Mo.
That's it, good morning.
Who do you know who I am?
Morgan David.
Yeah, that's good, because I forgot who I was.
If that's your name again, tell us.
So, down, D. But you can call me D.
What is this here?
What?
Lux.
With a baby?
Hey, too salty.
That!
Take it back.
I want fresh nova.
What's that?
Look at that, honey.
And while you're out, get me coffee.
I get the punch guard full here for schoo-gins.
I get a freak cup.
Never, wait a minute.
All we supposed to talk about sports?
Oh, yeah.
I'll never tell you about the time I had lunch with Joe Peppaton.
No!
How about that, hurry-cane shuffleboard team?
They don't got that no more.
Since when?
Since they got rid of the rocker porches on Collins Avenue.
That's a good thing I bought the normaljon rules.
We'll see the cotton.
Yes, cracking bands, cracking bands.
I got you crack-radi.
Bam!
What was that?
That, I flipped my wig.
You.
It smells bad in here like toe cheese.
Somebody say we do a nice remote from the festival flea market.
Some put to me.
Yeah, they got a lot of nice benches, dude.
Okay, let's go.
Okay.
Let's get out of here.
I can use another vacation.
Trouville 20560 W.C.M.
Sodom, Hussein Suns, Ude and Kusay may be dead, but then again on the other hand.
Like, but had been moving about in the northern Iraq area.
There were a number of them.
And they're saying that the bodies they had a four hour firefight.
So there was so much shooting up and everything that even more shooting up than in Requiem for a dream.
That the bodies are really bad shape.
So it may take them a while to concoct us.
They're, I mean, to a confirm that it's a really them.
See what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Very likely we're killed.
It might have been them.
It could have been.
We're not really sure although they do have their DNA on file, but nevertheless.
Was that this raid specifically was based on intelligence?
That Ude and Kusay were in this house.
At the time that the U.S. Special Forces Task Force 20, along with support from the 101st Airborne,
swooped down on the house.
And as we heard, there was a fierce firefight.
And those inside the four were killed.
It was early reported that perhaps some were also captured, but those reports apparently are inaccurate.
Apparently, and it might be, and it might not be, and maybe it is, and maybe it's not.
You know?
Who the hell knows?
Well, then why do you fact me this?
This is bizarre.
No, the unpatriotic now.
What?
No, this note about the beast.
Why can't we discuss this on here?
Why do you have to fax everything and waste my fax paper?
Because I was unsure if somebody had already mentioned it to you.
I didn't want to overkill.
Who would have mentioned this to me?
How many calls have I taken today?
About three?
Three.
Beast Ineligible, Bachelor of City Link Story is on our website.
I don't know if you care or want it on there.
No.
You've already seen it.
It was a very, very lame, and we don't want it on there.
Like I said, we're not here to give him this treatment, this...
Like I said before, a charity case.
No.
Let him earn his own fame and fortune.
Okay, let him do something besides just wobble around, be fat, eat everybody's free food.
Let him do something.
What a sad sack.
That's it.
Sad sack.
That's exactly the term, man.
You look at him, and that's immediately what comes to mind.
Sad sack.
Rammed with fat.
Looks aside, good or bad.
Which of these celebrities has the least talent?
And quite frankly, we haven't had the tremendous input today video.
Mostly because I haven't taken many calls.
That's okay.
We got important stuff like Udae Incusa.
Benefactor, justify the wars.
More questions are being raised about the pre-war intelligence.
As more questions are being raised about the occupation becoming increasingly deadly for US troops.
Yeah, all the troops are better than you think though.
And I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
I'm not going to mention that.
If you know what's good for you, stop it.
If you know what's good for you, stop it.
I can make one easy call of the ticket defense team
I can make one easy call of the ticket defense team
I can make one easy call of the ticket defense team
I can make one easy call of the ticket defense team
I can make one easy call of the ticket defense team
I can make one easy call of the ticket defense team
I can make one easy call of the ticket defense team
I can make one easy call of the ticket defense team
I can make one easy call of the ticket defense team
I can make one easy call of the ticket defense team
I can make one easy call of the ticket defense team
I can make one easy call of the ticket defense team
I can make one easy call of the ticket defense team
I can make one easy call of the ticket defense team
I can make one easy call of the ticket defense team
I can make one easy call of the ticket defense team
I can make one easy call of the ticket defense team
I can make one easy call of the ticket defense team
I can make one easy call of the ticket defense team
I can make one easy call of the ticket defense team
I can make one easy call of the ticket defense team
I can make one easy call of the ticket defense team
I can make one easy call of the ticket defense team
What?
Dona Meira
Donkey Chain
Yak Mai Donkey Chain
Same thing
He was a big fat
A tub of crap
Okay?
Who was liked by all the banana vote crowd
That was her crowd
All the old guys that are playing dominoes in domino park right now
I'll take fat domino myself
If I want to like to take a fat performer that I like, fat domino
When he dies, that will really be a sad day
You know fat domino?
You haven't died yet?
No, he hasn't died yet he's still a fat
Ah, fat domino?
See, there you go
Who is a more important entertainer in American in the history of the world?
Fat domino or a salya crew?
Fat, fat
Okay, well thank god
You know what's Miguel?
In the American entertainment
In the world?
No, in the world, fat
Change music
Change music the way we know it
Boy, one of my all-time favorites, fat domino
Imperial records man
When I was a little kid, I told this before
I had to be the first one in town in Canada when the Yorker didn't say anything too much
I had to be the first one to get down to the Miller records through their main street
And get the new fat domino single
I had to be right there to get it
Love fat domino
Because about five cents?
No, but it was, I think they were like a buck
What are you talking about cost five cents?
Like I'm not in that old, I'll see there he goes
There he goes
There's a little shot
Yeah, when you were a kid, Neal, in fact, wasn't it like
Didn't they have it on those, what do they call those things?
The vinyl, the first, like the cylinders
What is that?
The cylinders, don't you remember that?
Yeah
Yeah, like I'm one of those Edison cylinders
Yeah, that's what I bought it on, fat domino on cylinder, you speak
You can take salia crews and stick her with a moon, don't shine
You probably don't smell too good by now
You probably don't smell any better than Uday and Kusei
It took three weeks, but then it had been a bit disappointed that the reconstruction period
In their perspective has been taking quite a long time
So I think if they were now able to, in fact, do this raid with precise intelligence
It would certainly impress the Iraqis once more
And would it be fair to say Richard that it's possible that this news might travel even more quickly
Among US military there?
Absolutely, morale among the US military has been quite low
They've been going on so many
Oh, look at this teenage boy found dead maybe one of the Saddam's grandsons
How do you like that?
Do you see that?
So maybe the two sons and maybe a grandson or maybe not
Let's not get hit, let's just go after his whole family
That's it, that sounds like where we go
Well, listen in time, everything in due time
You know, we have to sacrifice a few hundred more American kids and brits too
And then maybe we'll get him
Do you remember back when when that whole thing started with 9-11
And the Osama obsession and then after months went by and they said
Oh, well, this is not just one man. I mean, he's only the titular right head if I can say that of the al-Qaeda
And it's much bigger than him and there's all these cells in the audio
Well, the Iraqi opposition, those who were loyal to Assad on the bathist, whether he's alive or not
There's an impact that might even inflame them, who they all knows
You follow what I'm saying?
Absolutely
A war based on a stack of lies, people lying there every day, this president should be impeached
There is no question about that Tony Blair is on his way out
You can just about fit Miguel's life on that, he's on a way out
And then I see Colin Powell's son Michael Powell, the erstwhile chairman of the FCC
He's bailing out this fall, do you see that?
I don't believe it
Oh yeah, he's bailing out
And Congress is like a working feverishly, including some defecting Republicans
To reverse the FCC action that would have let companies expand their media holdings
Like news corporation via comment, cheap channel
And Congress is saying not so fast, but the president says he's threatened to veto any bill that would overturn the FCC action
Even though in a new Pew Research poll, respondents most familiar with the FCC action opposed it by roughly 10 to 1
I mean they got a resounding negative response to that of the FCC
But the president says he will veto any bill over turning because it's another Republican thing with their friends in big business
What does democracy have to do with it?
Nothing, it's called brainwashing. They want to manipulate everything that you see and you can hear and all the news and dummy everybody up, okay?
Although I am a papiates fan, I want you to keep that in mind, alright, when the Patriot Act, when they come after you because you're not a papiates fan
Keep that in mind, it's part of the Patriot Act, always like Tom Brady, with or without the hair
1213 at 560 WQM if you want some really good health man, if you want to improve your health, I'd george out to be popping some instead of that crappy takes
Oryumeth, that's what will help you. Oryumeth, soft yells contain the finest olive oil known to man, it's not just ordinary olive oil but it is super concentrated loaded with good stuff, health benefits for you
Oryumeth in your pus everyday can up reduce the risk of heart disease, not cholesterol, that's what screw-and says
Plus there are 14 different Oryumeth formulas to choose from. Each one combining the finest olive oil with vitamins, minerals and herbals to support specific needs in your health
From your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system, all you do is pick out the formulas that are right for you
And now we've got three new Oryumeth formulas, one to help you sleep, one to help you control that weight and sell Q10 for your heart
So for better health pick up Oryumeth today while you're doing your shopping, it's available all over town, pick some up at publics, records, Walgreens, Whole Foods, markets, Navarro's Ancidamas or order it online at Oryumethamerica.com
If you want more info on these stupendous products and what they can do for you and we're to stick them called tool free, one, 866 Oryumeth, that's one, 866, 6536, 633, for better health start popping Oryumeth in your pus right away
My, and look all, this is 4356, anyway, and weigh in
One I swear
One I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one I swear, one
You have to write one code, if you want to say one Go to the next chart and say one code, all right?
No, what is it? It's fun and games and laughter and hysteria. Don't forget Thursday
We got a very short show on Thursday because we got the marlins and the braves
Now how many people how many people are you predicting for tonight's marlins expose game?
Another ten what are you giving away nothing?
five
Five people five people denied it to you a marlin expo game
So they got lots of you can have your own section this evening for else not giving away no tickets for tonight's game
Didn't do it this morning, but he is giving away tickets for what is it now for his birthday party?
His birthday bash next Tuesday
So he's they're gonna give away tickets for that boy. All right. Boy. Well, you got to stop those giveaways on his show
He's gonna he's gonna kill us
The human would such tremendous hopes we thought this was the savior the Messiah that was gonna lead us out of the darkness out of the wilderness in the daylight again
Bring QA and back to where it's deserved place after Mokeyman and just about destroyed us
And all of a sudden tax again to clearance thanks to weak management
Thanks to clearance who I'm sure is providing now. Where's he getting all these tickets not from you?
I hope
For his boat
No, I'm talking about all the marlin tickets he keeps giving away the marlins giving to us
Give him to us meaning meaning Q.A. Yeah, and who's in whose possession are these tickets?
They would be in the promotion department's possession
Ah, huh, we got him we you and your girlfriend they're Doreen. Mm-hmm. By the way Doreen's having Miguel's baby
Okay, oh, it's an immaculate conception. They didn't do anything. She just she thought about it so long and hard that she got
Prairie wing magic no seriously so in other words, you're the one. It's a turn in these tickets over to a for real and
Turn his show into a ticket giveaway central, which is killing him
Yeah, basically oh my god, and you and I I hope you will open Syria cruise, you know with the body
WQ I am
Hello, hello, I beg your pardon? No, I do not
No, we do he doesn't know this is Neil I don't speak that language
As soon as I said this is Neil she hung up the phone you miserable spick at okay that was a
Spick at in freeway
Soon as I said who was boy she hung up that damn phone she wanted to bitch me out because we put say the cruise on
Okay, because there are people don't know who that was she was probably gonna bitch us one of us out
I'm not you I should maybe she can call back and speak to you. I'll put her on hold that bitch, okay?
Very very lovely
See one thing I want to tell you about Toronto, okay? I'm not I don't want you to come here because believe me we got more than enough people
but
The people there are more this is this is like a true multicultural city
There are Zidians of Chinese people here and Filipino people here and people from India and Pakistan and Middle Eastern people here in Jews and
Goyam and and Arabi kind of Zidians of gay people and the people aren't decided yet and
Everybody just goes about life
You know I'm saying because you you have no choice because that you walk into like a
Down the street one block and you'll see more different kinds of people in one block
Then you'll see an all-as-out floor to put together the way she's
Huh the way should be like in a real city. That's right. Everybody gets along everybody speaks English
You'd never have anybody calling you on the phone here and believe me in Toronto
They don't speak French so don't give me that crap. We got no frogs here. Those are the only people we don't want
They don't bother with our friends, but nobody nobody would call you on a phone here in Esponul like that bitch
I mean what and she speaks perfect English
So how come she would assume that you want to talk to her in Esponul?
Huh see what I'm saying about some of you people
Why South Florida is so divided the kind of craft that we're always hearing all those those professional whiners with their bilingual bull craft because of bitches like her, okay?
Yeah, Miguel
Yeah, I don't agree with that part Miguel. I don't disagree with that. Yeah, he Miguel agrees with me
He knows what I'm talking about. I know what you mean broads like that that piss everybody off
Speak it in English honey. Okay, if you can if you can't speak it. Okay, that's fine
My grandmother lived in this country for eight million years. She spoke English like my little dog, you know like barely any
Which is embarrassing, but she wasn't too bright, you know a carlet. I think I just found a piece of your roofies or something
Is he leaving his drugs around there drugs lying around the border? Oh my god
And you know don't get anywhere near any because look what he did to George George was actually making a comeback with this health until a
Benaboy came along and
He's been supplying him with some of the nastiest crap
WQ I am
See the crew central yes, sir. This sounds like a chronic eye, too
Hello, yes
You know seven crews like you know you may not know she was but she's very popular worldwide
She won a bunch of Grammy. Yeah, and she was a big dolphin fan. She even said they feed her socks in one of her songs
Uh-huh, okay, great five six seven oh five sister. That's one of the one of your people again
See now they're coming out of the woodwork. They're crawling out like termites
WQ I am which fund members can readily implement
So even the guy dem operator's getting whipped up about silly crews
Taking time out from her busy schedule. How silly doing on the pole by the way? I think I have a feeling she may move up dramatically
Selia Cruz look at at 29. She's in fifth place already. She's gonna pass over like she's squatting still
Looks aside good or bad which of these celebrities had the least talent doctor filled 96 Britney Spears 42 J.
Lo 41 Oprah 33 Selia Cruz 29 by the way we put Selia Cruz on there at the suggestion one or listeners
Okay, that was either fact in or called in right right that wasn't any of our doing so don't be looking to point the finger
Not that we really care but don't be pointed to me
Selia's got 30 now. She's only three behind Oprah
Justin Tinkerbell 27 and a Cornelholyah 26 and Greek a 20
Shen and Dirty 14 everybody else Mopatavis single digits
WQ I am
Hello, yes, sir. Yes, isn't a stick with doesn't know who say the cruises
Are you serious? Yeah, you never heard of her
Please
Not they're not they're not liars. That's uh that's an upstanding gentleman right there
You're calling my audience the near Rogers listeners are much a liar as you idiot just because they won't suck up through
Speck fantasies that you wanted to do Selia Cruz because nobody else will touch you
Posse motor just call the said the body still look warm
Well, I'm just telling you
See this oh she internationally famous. I have I bet let me ask you this who's done more international traveling of the three of us
Which of us has been more around the world different places?
said it cruises
Oh, you see the three of us in here the three of us asshole
I don't know three of us. Yeah, we have been go
We don't have time to list the Chicago and the Miami, you know
Well, oh international yeah round the world. I bet the Canada, Mexico. Uh-huh. That's it
So like I said I I've been to record stores in Hellsticky Finland in Copenhagen in Amsterdam in Rome in Milano all over the
God they're more I have never seen any of her records. I've never heard anybody mention her
I've never heard her music played because I don't listen to a stick radio and so on for
Nobody I know is ever heard of Selia Cruz, okay?
uh never you you tend to walk over to the south of section and the
Insights and whatnot you know you know something that I'm gonna go in because you know I've been down all these DVDs
Great record stores here in Toronto. We got HHMV in San's downtown all these places
I'm gonna go in to HMV today
And I'm gonna go into the salsa section. They got every CD that's ever been event. I'm gonna see a checkout Selia Cruz
salsa in fact
In fact, you know what I'm gonna do because I'm such a high flutin hot shot
I'm gonna buy one if they got the Selia Cruz
Buy one and you like it buy some of the older stuff
The new stuff is fine too
From 28 to 560 Wtc every week over half the customers are down a mattress or repeat referral customers
They know one 800 mattress. They've got the best brands of discount prices every day without any of the hassles or ripoffs of showroom shopping
And they know what real customer services all about because down a mattress is ranked number one numeral
Oh no honey in overall satisfaction
One 800 mattress has delivery down to a side so choose the delivery date and time to fit your schedule
You get into our windows so you don't have to sit around waiting all day praying that somebody will show up and
Dollar mattress delivers when you want evenings weekends and holidays too. It's easy to see
Once people try try dollar mattress. They never go back to those showrooms and waste their time and money again
The lovely Miguel recently called one 800 mattress and got the world treatment even said your crew delivered the mattress right to his house
They were right on time set it up took out the old bed for free and the works in fact
If he wouldn't have made a work so hard, he'd probably still be alive today
And for all you high-end shoppers, Dalamites has a whole selection of the finest beds available anywhere
Like the seely crown jewel sort of perfect night
Simmons world class and King co-op perfect contour and Dalam actress also has temper pete if the fate of the famous Swedish
Pho-matrisis that are absolutely unbelievable
So don't wait another minute call one 800 mattress right now
1 800 MATT are yes the easy to smart way to value a mattress or check them on that wicked worldwide web at mattress.com
My and look all this is 4356
You a
Rogers God
John
Metaxi
Carbate driver
Central Park
Hey, great, but you look that mean so quesitory
I could tell she was in the dark
So I acted out my puncture in with my arms the trees I made
No bung speaks English and a mom
I
Went down to my young man reach where the weather business and honey
I walked into a liquor store but the guy there talks real fun
I asked him for a pint of Folsom beemies as nonteando what doesn't mean
The butter speaks English and a mom
That's called a deli
Hell I think I'm in Pakistan speak English melee
Are you can go back to the alright
I came here many years ago
Learn my ABCs
I don't say much as gross years
I said pretty pretty
So get yourself to a classroom quicker and american now stop making with it
You know, but I speak English
1234 26 till one at five 60 W. Kim here's the facts that says Neil show equal
Spick Central what happened first George Rodriguez now Miguel and Cardiose
Integrating all these accents won't raise that demo
It says Cuban heritage I lived down there and still can't tell the difference between
Porter weekends Columbians Cubans whatever all a bunch of god followers and baby makers
The God Squad we know that Miguel is a baby maker, but the God Squad no
Well, I'm sure you go to church every Sunday religiously. What's your Catholic?
That doesn't mean I go to church every Sunday
Oh, you don't have to tell people what he go to church or not
Although now that you give it all those damn tickets away to for well ruining his show
It says all mexican to me you are here you are americans lose lose the hyphen is what it says
Okay, loose the hyphen and get this guy to a spell right
If you want to hold that for one sign of course
Anyway, this fax is his Joe from vocal. I sure hope that's not the bokeh Joe that called for eldest morning when I was listening. Oh my god
I hope not
A reason to rethink retirement of the fact I won't waste your time with a whole thing about Larry Glick
Boston radio people used to be on wbz the great Larry Glick and the fact that he's in South Florida now
Which I already knew this thank you Joe a greeter with legal seafoods here in South Florida somebody already told us that a long time ago
So what Joe is trying to tell me your reason to rethink retirement
It may be three years nine months and five days, but think carefully in other words
I'm gonna be a greeting people illegal seafood or something like that. I don't think so Joe
Retired. I don't think so the sooner the better believe me
Teenage boy found that maybe sottoms grants on so let me ask you this so assuming it is Ure and Kuse in his grandson and it is them
Does this mean that we found weapons of managed destruction?
Or that there were links between al-Qaeda and Sodom and all these other going?
No, does it change anything? Does it bring that doctor back to life? Dr. David? No
See what I'm saying? Doesn't change anything. Of course it changes the focus of the attention of the news for a little while
Does it bring back to life all those kids who've been sacrificed over there? No, we're dying every day. No
Didn't change anything. Well, there's a lot of money involved
No, no Schmidt 15 million dollars reward
Molly ivens what a great column. It's on our website today. Who can beat president Dufus?
Oh, she is great. I'm not sure who I like better
Marine downer Molly ivens are both spectacular
That's on there right beater boy
But of course
Yeah, we got too many sticks on this show now we need to get uh, I don't know. I'm Italian
Well, we already tried that joke hostile or he didn't work out on this show no problem
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and provide some wireless line very bitterly disappointing the small number of people that we are
There's so many people with no talent running around making big bucks some of them just because they happen to look good because nature gave them you know they had the right genes
Nobody q a.m. See your cruise line
Hey there nail. Yes, sir. I'm gonna put another one on your list. Okay, we're sperm
How is Stern? Is he advanced?
No, that's what that thought told you
Okay, thank you. Okay, that sounded like Reverend Jones, isn't
Too much like him now we can put Howard Stern on air make him happy maybe keep him off the phone
Wtq. I.m. You know how you do it. Okay, sir. I've got about
I'm just gonna mean it's kind of an excessive now, but maybe 1500 CDs
Rock jazz blues reggae. How many by savior cruise?
Never heard of a bitch
I mean if the usual Cuban centric view of the world
Uh-huh, then I like that word Cuban centric. That's very good like we're all talking about
All the time and worrying about him
The rest of the world just goes on right. I'm not knocking her. She could be great
She might it well, listen
I'm not lying when I say to you that I'm legitimately gonna go out and try to find one of her CDs and on Thursday when I'm on Thursday
We'll play a little bit of it and we'll find out for ourselves
Again, I hope she is great that she's worked all this build up to favorite doing down here, but never heard of her
Is a matter of fact now that you mentioned it the the you know Hispanic
Recording stars that I that like Luis Miguel. He's Mexican
Mexican Italian, you know
If I were hard pressed to think of a Cuban performer a Cuban singer I that I really thought was great. I couldn't tell you one
Well, they have to be ancient because
We basically you know partly because of the fanatics down here. We blocked out, you know all the modern Cuban artists right
That's right. I mean I heard of most van van only because uh people were you know
Raising hell and making threats and all that stuff. I mean, that's the unfortunate the way it is here the legacy here
So well, thank you. I still like oh, he's got a great point and what is that?
It's that that's the only reason that we don't hear about anybody else
That's why that's one of the reasons that it cruises so big is that the Cubans down here can't get anybody else
They won't listen to any communist Cuban singers
Because what about Enrique the greasiest? Oh, that's right. He ain't Cuban. Yep
Name for me one
Contemporary Cuban recording artists great great artist
They won't let them here they won't sell their music. Oh no, she ain't another you can't do it. I can't do it
Well, I mean uh, uh, wh森秋
Jelo w森秋
Whalorherra
One mandiera
One mandiera
That's right. That was serious song one mandiera. I better play that you know
Thanks for the great reminder. Let's see my suggestions for the least time.
I'm going to buy her CD and see if I like it. I have no idea.
She could have been good or bad or whatever.
It's just I've been closed and article from CNN. I highly doubt they'll do an orbit for you.
So in other words, if CNN is an orbit, what about if they do an orbit for Kusai and Hussi?
And Pussi, how about that? Does that make them great?
Well, what the hell is that mean? Because it was on CNN.
Boy, talk about bitter. Boy, I sure had a runner over this.
Oh man, excuse me, Syria. Wow.
Woo! In addition to which all these people look at all the famous dead people we've had die, Gregory Peck, right?
Catherine Hepburn, some of the greatest performers, movies, TV, and last few months we've had a lot of very famous people.
Where were all these people then? Huh? You know what I'm saying?
Not the same.
Who was the, ah, not the same. What does that mean? Who was the most important performer in American history?
Gregory Peck or Syria Cruz?
What did they represent? Gregory Peck and Catherine Hepburn.
The great age of the American screen is what they represented.
And Cuban centrics don't care about anything except what's going on in Cuba and...
You mean like Miguel? Yeah, there.
Okay. You two fight it out, okay?
I'll kick it that way later, don't worry.
That won't take much. 18 to 1560 WQ and Cuban Isima.
But now you've been hearing about Lamin and Tsarassin, how Lamin and Wood Floring from Lamin and Tsarassin is the easy, the smart, the low maintenance alternative to expensive natural wood flooring.
Lamin and Tsarassin is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from Peridor, Pergo, Wilson Art, Uniflor and Quickstep.
They've got all the top names all installed by Pergo certified installers.
Here's another reason why you should call Lamin and Tsarassin. The prices will floor you.
Right now you can get through some of the special for just 1995 bucks.
You heard it right. Just 1995 bucks from the 380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring.
It is absolutely unbelievable.
Right. And Lamin and Tsarassin will match any legitimate written off for two.
For a free and home estimate call Lamin and Tsarassin tool free, 1-877-773336.
What could be easier? Free corporate disposal, free furniture, moving to 25-year warranty.
And years and years of beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring.
Call Lamin and Tsarassin today tool free and tell him the old man told you to call 1-877-773336.
5-6-6-5-60. The radio is on your phone.
You ain't.
My amin.
One million.
Transluse with one million.
One million.
Transluse with one million.
I'm not a fool, I'm an Englishman.
This is the man with the news.
You have questions now.
I'll gladly tell you some more.
Because I'm one million.
The news with one million.
Not you, Rivera.
My name is one million.
One million.
The news with one million.
See, let me explain something to some people out there including Miguel.
And that is that people like Gregory Peck and Catherine Hepburn, their appeal was universal in this country.
Not just to one ethnic group, okay?
So if you go out into the hinterlands, if you went to Buffalo, if you went to Dubuque, Iowa, if you went to Ipsilanti, Michigan,
and you asked people in a shopping mall about who was Gregory Peck and who was Catherine Hepburn,
the odds are that even the dumbest of the dumbest say, oh yeah, they were famous actors actors and whatever, right?
If you went into Dubuque, Iowa, into a shopping mall or if you went into Dubuque, Iowa, into a shopping mall or if you went into Dubuque, Iowa, into a shopping mall or if you went into Dubuque, Iowa, into a shopping mall or if you went into Dubuque, Iowa, into a shopping mall or if you went into Dubuque, Iowa, into a shopping mall or if you went into Dubuque, Iowa, into a shopping mall or if you went into Dubuque, Iowa, into a shopping mall or if you went into Dubuque, Iowa, into a shopping mall or if you went into Dubuque, Iowa, into a shopping mall or if you went into Dubuque, Iowa, into a shopping mall or if you went into Dubuque, Iowa, into a shopping mall or if you went into Dubuque, Iowa, into a shopping mall or if you went into Dubuque, Iowa, into a shopping mall or if you went into Dubuque, Iowa, into
Dubuque, Iowa, into a shopping mall or if you went into Dubuque, Iowa, into a shopping mall or if you went into Dubuque, Iowa, into a shopping mall or if you went into Dubuque Chicken and then where did we get that?
how disgusting she was and about all this other crap. You heard anything to fight
his mom in that case. I'll see that. You can understand that. Okay, so it's a backlash.
Right. She would beat him over the head with silly crews and we came on. Right. You know, who wouldn't
hate her? Good point. Just like my mother, for example, not for any particular reason, just in general.
Sodom Suns very likely killed and right now. Let's see, that's what it's in an MSNBC, which I never
watched either one of these channels MSNBC or CNN because they're full of crap and they're
waving some pom-poms I noticed. CNN says body believed to be a one body believed to be a body guard.
So we got four bodies, the two sons, a teenage grandson of Sodom and a body guard.
If you know we're putting the pieces together, anybody here? No, but they'll be screaming about
this now for days. This is going to take all the heat off and you notice the convenient timing now
that Tony Blair is on the ropes and on the way out and now we're finally starting to get the early
calls for the impeachment of this president here because they lie through their freaking teeth.
Go into this. Yeah, just the coincidence and all of a sudden they put the big rush on and
here and mostly had this four hour firefight. And but I've been, we got a few dead people there
and it might be this one and it might not be. WQA in.
Who is it? Can't a Reeves? Good choice. Got him on there.
You want some extra two?
See, I didn't do this right because we've done those polls before, you know.
I don't think they're understanding the question. No, no, I'm not understanding.
What I originally had in mind was to take a bunch of good-looking people who had the least talent.
You know, and I wound up screwing it up because I said, well, look, there are other people
up a lot like Oprah who looks like crap looks like LC DeBorder and Cowan a bad day,
but she belongs on a list, any list that's got least talent because she's making billions of dollars.
She has no talent, not minimal talent, none, zero. And I don't want to hear about those at the
color purple or whatever that will be. She was in. I don't want to hear about that. Dreck, okay,
she has no talent, none. She's the luckiest bitch on the face of the earth, bar none.
Oh, White House briefing shortly. CNN will carry it. Are we going to carry it? No.
We already told you what you need to know. I'll the propaganda all the time. Dr. Phil's got 105 votes.
He is, he is the front runner and he has no talent, none. And to top it all off is a real prick
based on what everybody says. J. L. 56, Britney Spears 46, Oprah 43,
Selia Cruz 40, Oprah, I'd look over your shoulders, sweetheart.
Selia's dead and she's still coming on strong. And according to Hoya 31, just in Tinkerbell 28,
and Rika the greasiest 22, Shannon Dirty 15, M&M is up to 10. And then it's a single digits from
there on down. That's that's a pretty good list. WQ I am. Hey Neil, radio coveness. I see the
hell with the poll, but let me, let me get to this question. During this whole procession,
this Saturday for Selia Cruz, I wonder who exactly fit that bill. We got to call yesterday.
$1,000. Who did he call? He called. Yeah, I talked to the sky yesterday.
Get out of here. I just got to call with the same time. I hate that man. I can't stand that.
Same as that crap. Yeah. You already called on the show once with the same VS.
It gets a new BS, okay? Who paid and what have is he talking about? 400,000 bucks for what?
For the parade, for all the crap that parade. Well, who did pay for that? We did the taxpayers.
Well, I live in Broward. I didn't pay for it. How do you like that? I live in...
What? See? I don't know, dummy. If you're dumb enough to live in Dave County, then pay for all that crap,
you know? Just like when they want to bill. I'm not even going to fight against the
stadium anymore because you can be sure for well. I'll be on, oh yeah. Let's build and then
Moelle jump right on the bandwagon. Fine, build in Dave County. All you Dave County suckers go
ahead and pay for it. And in a couple of years, it'll be, it'll be a white elephant just like
Miami Arena, just like everything else they built, just like Mickey Erison's Arena,
that nobody goes to those games either. But if you suckers in Dave County want to continue paying
wild taxes, even though there are a lot of the kids don't have any textbooks to take home from
school, that's that's up to you guys. Use guys. Because it's a foreign country. WQIM.
Yeah, can I speak to Neil, please? Speaking. Hi, Neil. How are you?
Okay, Lydia. I wanted to school your two Cuban friends, two good Cuban people that sing that
nobody knows here for some reason. Okay. And I'm not even Cuban. One is Pablo Milanesh and the
other one is Sylvia Rodriguez and they should check them out. Sylvia Rodriguez, she came to Jorge Rodriguez?
No, Sylvia Rodriguez. Pudge? Yeah, take a one out with her. But anyway, I don't like salsa and I
don't. I didn't like Stalia Cruz, but she is very well known all over the world. She is. Okay. No,
I'm sure of that because. Huh? You're making a mistake today. No, wait a minute. What do you mean I'm
making a mistake by saying what? I'm by saying that I never heard of her? Well, a lot of people
haven't heard of her, but America is always Americans that don't know anything else that what's going
on here. Yeah. Well, what about Canadians? I don't think too many Canadians know Sylvia Cruz.
How Canadians America? No, no. Canadians are much more worldly-wise than Americans. They know
about what's going on in the rest of the world. They're much more intelligent than Americans.
Well, but if you go to Spain, Italy, France, all of South America, ever... I've been to Spain. I've
been Italy and even in Spain, I never heard from no Sylvia Cruz. They know who she is. I
don't know. Okay. I'll put you on a test. Do you know who God looked at her babies? No. Okay.
Everybody knows who Carlos Bernadette is. I have no idea. What do you mean everybody knows? I
don't know. I guess that makes me dumb. Do you know who Francis O'Hare was? Yeah. Who was Francis
O'Hare? Oh, Neil. Come on. I don't know. See you, Lydia. Have a great day.
I have no idea who those people she was talking about. I wonder if she knew who George Eastman was.
Do you know who George Eastman was? Did I invented the camera? Do you ever hear of Eastman
Kodak? There you go. Do you ever hear the Eastman House in Rochester, New York? Do you ever hear
of a guy that used to steal all of time at his in patents? I mean, there you go. That's him.
Come at it. Suicide, by the way. You want to know why? One of the servants was playing
salsa music by Sylvia Cruz. You couldn't handle it. Jump right up the window.
See, salsa. I hate to break the news to some of you people out there, but salsa, for example,
Luis Miguel. No, no. Yeah, I guess that's what they call it. On some of his albums, there are cuts
that are like salsa music. I immediately, I won't listen to them. I can't stand that.
Huchi Kuchi crap. So if you don't like Huchi Kuchi music in the first place, then you probably
wouldn't know from that. See, if that's all that she did, is she seeing balance? She's saying
balance. She's saying Merengue. She's saying salsa. Merengue? Oh, I do like lemon meringue pie.
Hmm. Well, then, don't you love her? Me? Oh, please. I don't even like sweets.
You want your own, not just, you just don't like chocolate, doesn't like sweets. I wish I had that problem.
God, I don't want to tell you any more of my briars, score ice cream stories. I'm just not telling you.
Even I have a limited, the embarrassment factor starts kicking in.
Yes, you when you start lying to your friends, that's when you know you have a drug problem.
I got news for you, mister. I'm a hell of a lot more honest about my eating problems than most fat people
including this audience, which you've seen already, just since you've been working on a show,
how many times? About third, man. How do I try to get these fat
bastards to call and admit they're a food addict? They won't do it. Maybe you want it to
rarely, any of them. I'm the only fat guy who admits that I'm fat because I'm a glutton and I go
addicted to sugar and I can't stop the candy and the ice cream and the ice cream and the candy
and the pies. Oh, lemon meringue sounds really good. I haven't had that in a coons age. Don't you like
what else I like is German, what are they not German, but chocolate, chocolate, what chocolate cream pie?
Well, that's right. You don't like chocolate? Well, I'll have your piece.
1256 at 560 and of course Miguel, he's going to have the piece, the Cuban, the maybe an orche.
Yummy. He'll watch me eat the dessert. He'll have the maybe an orche.
The real stale, stale bread. I'll take the fly. The book I'll eat the fly. Oh, the fly. Oh,
geez, I was just going to make me some bacon too during this one or two hour. I think I just lost my
appetite. That's slime. Oh, I don't like flam. Well, well made. 1257 at 560 WQM, hurricane seasons here
before a storm hits you always put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home, but
what about the roof of your house? The Soma paint factory makes roof mastica,
a roof coating that can help you hurricane proof your roof. Soma's roof mastix saved hundreds
of roofs during hurricane and meanwhile I'm protected roofs were peeling off and flying down the old
Hershey highway. Soma is also got waterproof coatings for every kind of roof you've ever heard of.
So call the Soma paint factory at 305 63, 360, 333. The Soma paint factory is the oldest quality
paint and waterproof coating manufacturer in the entire state of Florida. Soma will save you money
because they eliminate the middleman markups. They sell to you and everybody else at wholesale
prices that are 60% lower than what you'd pay for the same national brands in your retail stores.
So protect your home and property the real way from softwaters, tough drop of
climate with the best paints and waterproof coatings at unbeatable low prices called the Soma paint
factory at 305 63, 360, 333 or find them on the web at Soma.com. It's S-O-M-A-Y Soma.com. You save
a Schmidtload of cash when you buy direct from the Soma paint factory. Tell them that the old man old
Neil told you to call 305 63, 360, 333.
Okay, before we start our drug and equated to our this factory you just sent to me this may be
one of the best factors I've ever gotten you know what? We're talking about the McElping
Schmuck. He's not there anymore is he?
Well, no, you're going to take it. You'll take it per syllable and you'll be upset but that's okay
because that's what it's intended for. It's all good. Gregory Peck and Catherine Hepburn were
icons of the American film industry. I'm Cuban and listening to Miguel and his Cuban centric
attitude is pushing the vomit up my esophagus. How do you like that? The world doesn't revolve
around us. This is exactly why people hate us so much because we have a vocal group or a selfish
spoiled fascist and expect everyone to go along with their whims. My mom came here. My mom came
here from Cuba 40 years ago and she feels the same way if a person at the department store speaks
her in Spanish she answers in English. I don't understand Spanish. Is there someone here who speaks
English? So go ahead and call us traders or whatever other names you can pull out of your ass
because that's exactly your level of maturity of a 10-year-old system anonymous faxor with a great
fax. Good point. Okay. So what we're going to do on Thursday is play all city accrues all day
or maybe in betweennings of the Marlin game would certainly be more entertaining. Oh my favorite
Republican. This is Matt Drudge and it's time for the real excuse me uploading. It's time once
again for the Neil Rogers one to two. Power. Here's what's coming up this week on the Pupra Winfrey show.
Today Pupra shows you how to relieve stress in your life. A nice hot bath with a raw
maternity and I'm not even thinking about all this business with this priestess. You know
I'm talking about girls. Tomorrow Pupra welcomes Dr. Phil. You all come down to respect your
woman. Try Pupra. Go boy friend. And don't forget about Pupra's book cloud. The old testament was so
good. They wrote a sequel and now you can get them both in one hard cover edition. Look for my
picture on the cover. All that and more this week on the Pupra Winfrey show. Join me
for Pupra Winfrey every week day after the Cardinal Springer show. Remember it's a sin not to watch.
I gave the command to kill thousands of innocent people. I said fill her up. I helped raise money
to buy explosives for a suicide bomber but it was just so I could drive to my in-laws for Thanksgiving.
I helped ship rocket launchers to Islamic fundamentalists in the Philippines but it was all
a good fun. It was just cruising to the beach. I helped provide cash to train terrorist guerrillas but
all I was doing was topping off my tank before my ski trip. If you thank your addiction to using
gasoline in your car isn't causing any harm. Think again. Because the money you spend to fill your
tank eventually goes to fill the pockets of terrorists. I gave the command to kill thousands of
innocent people and all I had to say was fill her out. Some other public service announcements want
to blame terrorism on drug addicts but we want to let people know that it's gasoline that fuels terror.
So whether you're sticking a straw in your nose or a nozzle in your tank you're part of the problem.
I was just out for a Sunday drive. It's not like I was hurting anyone.
This message provided by the council on displacing the blame. It's their fault.
You've seen gums about the Irish mafia and the Russian mafia. Now meet the
Irish mafia in Martin Scorsese. Gangs of Pennsylvania Dutch country.
As a cair. I now has to find looking milk cow. Yes it would be a shame if something
pertains to happen to it. Are these suggesting I pay the protection?
Ah but I think it. Gangs of Pennsylvania Dutch country. It's filled with excitement but no electricity.
Now I'll collect on thy interest payments and I regret that I must break if thy
knees with this butter churn. How's that forgotten? It is a sin to collect on the Sabbath.
I be sexy. Oh, forgive me with my blasphemy. I shall break if thy knees on the moral.
Don't list the far-n-raising suspense of gangs of Pennsylvania Dutch country.
Put aside thy carpentry or I come up to whack thee.
Martin Scorsese gangs of Pennsylvania Dutch country where made guys aren't just made.
They're crafted by hands. Are your kids tired of the same old action figures?
Frankly yes. Then spice up their holidays with motels, troubled celebrity action figures.
Steal your kids heart this Christmas with shoplifting when on out. She's more affordable than you think.
Look Bobby she's cutting off blue hair. You bet she is. And there's more. Forget T.I. Joe.
Now there's T.O.I. Nick with lifelike Nick Nolsey Drull.
He's right there. Oh, and he's no funny hair.
Now press his greasy head and he touched funny too.
Be sure to collect all of motels, troubled celebrity action figures like Whitney Houston or
Pierce Neckristina Aguilera. See if you can find all 12 of her self-mutilation.
This Christmas shopping is no trouble at all with the troubled celebrity action figures from
Mattel. Celebrity public relations dreamteens all separately.
If you want the flu and
We'll be on the floor.
I'm at close.
There's some on your shoes.
The bar goes.
Soon we'll be spoiling vacation.
Fun.
The far most.
After you you you will get the runs.
Send a course for some spin up. Spent time with your new friend.
Far.
You'll you cut your guns.
Because it's time to drive.
Battle for sling buzz.
You'll burn.
Welcome aboard its bar.
First it was a hit on MTV. Then a number one movie.
It's coming to Broadway.
It's Jackass The Musical starring Johnny Knoxville.
Yes all those risky stunts have been combined with fabulous show tunes to create
Jackass the musical.
Wow the music the dancing the guy eating a yellow snow cone it was better than cats.
Don't miss jackass the musicals with all your favorite jackasses on stage singing torch songs
then setting their hair on fire with them.
A great white way has just turned black and blue thanks to jackass the musical.
Tonight on E it's a very special episode of Star Days.
Star Day Friday 7 30 p.m. I'm entering the apartment conference of my blind date.
I hope she's slender and beautiful and a virgin.
You know how I like to go boldly where no man has gone before.
Hello honey my god she's cute she's got her own gravitational pull.
Must wait wait.
Scotty.
Beat me up quick.
I can't do it.
Captain she's down to full of Venus.
That's all tonight on and out of this world episode of Star Days.
Camp has to one at five sixty W.
We got the mad dog coming up to the four.
A Hank Goldberg show four to six thirty.
Marlins on direct a deck six thirty to seven.
Marlins in the spoils at the stadium seven oh five.
Father by the 80 K show and Jolene Mark overnight and then lonely Moe in the morning.
No heldy this week.
Gellies on vacation.
Drumming up that other job.
Would you see it's going to work?
Carlos.
He's not saying.
Well he's got another job and he's on the line.
Anyway he'll be Moe solo and then for all eight to ten tomorrow with some more
ticket giveaways.
If you're on the Atkins that are my either low carb sugar free diet you
know that there's a great store waiting on you where you can do so much extra
shopping because I'm like in your supermarket where you can't find many items
snack to snack on when you're on the Atkins.
The lights of West Bokeh is entirely dedicated to you.
Over nine hundred low carb sugar free products are waiting for you and
the lights of West Bokeh introduces new ones every single month.
Be sure and check out the new low carb instant cup of soup.
Just add water, pop it into microwave.
The new simply delicious low carb muffins for a quick breakfast.
Your own individual size cheesecake.
Low carb hot cocoa, apple cider, blondies and brownies.
And the lights in credible selection of low carb pasta, sauces,
dressings chips, chocolates, being a boy, chocolates,
and their famous carbolite ice cream too.
And be sure and try Judy's low carb peanut brittle with unbelievably great taste.
And don't forget all I can browse products around sale today.
Tomorrow next sook is every day all day.
There's staff who knows Atkins and low carb dieting inside and out.
So this is a story we're going to love shopping him.
The lights of West Bokeh open every day.
10 to 10.
You'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades Road in 441 next to Boston Market.
Call them toll free.
1-877 Low Carbors Shop them on the web at lowcarb.com.
Don't forget the lights of West Bokeh is your official Atkins retail centers.
The lights of West Bokeh is your official Atkins retail centers.
This is sports 20-5-6-2-A-M.
Fred's paper, Piss me out.
In the annals of horse racing, the legend of one special thoroughbred continues to linger in the air.
Air biscuit.
The new motion picture starring Tobila Guire,
Jeff Bridges and one extremely flatulent horse.
Oh, that's Air biscuit.
The horse that leaves all the others behind.
That's him, all right?
A shoe in for the triple brown.
If you smell just one movie this summer, smell Air biscuit.
I like the way to hold my money on Air biscuit please.
Wind passable.
Why all pre-a-coast?
Joel Seagull says it's the smell good.
I feel good head of the summer.
Roger Ebert gives it two thumbs up.
His nostrils.
Air biscuit.
See it now before it's shipped off to the pool factory.
I've folks stand a smeller here and I'm standing here with President George W. Bush.
The man I'm endorsing for re-election.
Hey, everybody.
Well, George here is doing a great job.
I mean, you know, when it comes to get that done,
he makes Churchill look like Neville Chamberlain.
Isn't that right, sir?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, he's my favorite basketball player.
Right, and President Bush really stands out to the terrorists.
Tell you better than the Democrats.
I mean, come on.
This guy's out the backbone of a nematode on muscle relaxers.
Okay.
Yeah, I think I used to lick nematodes back in my frat days.
That's thinking of licking.
George W. Bush is going to give the Democrats a bigger licking than Hootskin Turner.
Well, I know what Hoots is, but who's Turner?
George W. Bush is going to turn this economy around faster than Little Reagan's
cranium in the exercise system.
I didn't know Ronald Reagan was in that movie.
I mean, come on.
I don't mean to go off and are at here.
But George W. is to proactive for it.
Policy what Heisenberg was to quantum physics.
Okay.
I was almost good at this.
So please folks, come November 2004.
Vote for George W. Bush.
Trust me on this when you'll be happier than Rupin Stuttered with a fistful of ponderosucopus.
I think I get that one.
Oh, God.
Pay for it by the surprising new friends of George W. Bush.
I don't want to get back.
But that's my goal, feeling.
But that's my plan.
One hundred thousand.
But that's right of course.
Before that much money can buy a lot of time, so buy it's close.
If you're the weirdo, buy us it.
If you need therapy.
Because the only one does that.
Get the thracings you're the favorite.
And so I say return, I'm older.
Come on, be a path.
Why would a day of change?
My route in that return my more.
You've got no right to sell my teeth.
The bad, really, fights.
But return my more.
I want it back.
That's long as I'm swinging.
And the naked chicks keep my ding dong dang in.
I'll keep on swinging my shoulder.
You know I'll always be smiling when the talcones off.
Then I go back to the island.
I'll have a crubbing ding dong.
You're not alone in the back.
As you swing and I get away.
A little drink, a little dance.
Not to mention the nice but pay as long as I'm swinging.
And the naked chicks keep my ding dong dang in.
I'll keep on swinging my shoulder.
A little drink, a little drink, a little drink.
Bad, a path, a path, a path.
Some may call it a lure,
have been consensual sex.
But all of you purers,
you can puffer up with your smile.
Big white ass.
Oh, as I'm swinging.
I don't give a sh** what anyone's thinking.
I'll keep on swinging my head.
I'll keep on swinging my head.
I'll keep on swinging.
I swore.
I swore.
Yeah.
United States has no quarrel with the Iraqi people.
Our quarrel is with Iraq's dictator and with his aggression.
Iraq will not be permitted to annex Kuwait.
Just the way it's going to be.
We like to be the dumb who say
and here's him with a pie.
Sit back and watch his head explode
like a mellum way to ride.
He tried to steal away Kuwait
and be the only sheep.
Who you're going up to is head
and blow away his feet.
I got two points and give down
Kuwait.
I got a head.
I got a head.
I got three points and give down
with a pie.
We like to be the dumb who say
don't blow him away.
Don't blow him away.
I don't believe it.
Look at that girl.
She's a big name beauty who's appeared in movies
and you've seen her in the picture show.
I saw Ghost Bruce Willis is her hubby
and she's got a little baby
that she brings to the studio.
Right.
She makes all kind of soda.
All kind of clothes.
But the clothes she doesn't wear.
All the clothes that are painted
on the girl who's naked on the cover of the vanity fair.
vanity fair.
Any more.
Mickey on the cover.
Face.
Face.
Face.
Face.
Face.
Face.
Face.
Face.
Face.
Face.
Face.
Face.
Face.
Face.
Face.
Face.
Face.
Why'd you wait seeing nothing like the X-Tron?
But these are the cover of the vanity fair
vanity fair
Naked on the cover
Fair, on the dirt like a banker lower
Fair excuse me if I stare
And the cover of the vanity fair
All the cover of the vanity
Fair, on the floor, eyes and makeies off the cover
Fair, on the X-Tron, come me fall on my pride
I want to cover girls, come to me right there
On the cover of the vanity fair
Boy, that's right, she's right there in the cover man
Look, she's so beautiful smiling
She ain't even pregnant this time
All right
We've got a market where we'll be soaring
most of them are sworn in
It's time for Hall of Burton to get missing
Out of patience at a time
It's when those oil fields are lined
If humans have to die, well that's repeated
We're bunch of Ian, forg and tall
Like your main, we've picked balls
We'll kill anyone who dares get in our head
Don't give a crap who it is
We're women down to little kids
We've got to bump that oil around our head
Because war is good for business
Our love grew, war is good for business
And global crossing too
War is good for business
Our friends are free
War is good for business
Even if it's a busy new step
When the camera over here looked at the woman
Welcome to here so people glad
That she has little radar acting
Only this new machine knows what the camera doesn't show
All the rifles we got pointed at their back
Our job of men that work in fine
That the goose that's been in line
Those forage all by anything we say
And those who choose to follow
Mine will be rewarded in cash
When jeep reprises at the bottom of your head
They'll say that war is good for business
Only well war is good for business
And wrong in fact
War is good for business
He is right
War is good for business
And we good things to love
Who's this?
Okay
125 at 560 WQM looks aside
Good or bad
Which of these celebrities has the least talent
That's our poll question today on TheORodges.com
506 506 votes
Guess they don't have any yet
Cast their friends we shouldn't have taken that in the first place
Because what does that mean?
Tony Danzenan
Slice to loan one
Whoopi Goldberg one
Howard Spurm one
Canna Reeves appear
Adam Stanyans, remember him?
Oh yeah
He's got three
Brad Pitt's got four
Justin Guarini's got six and deservedly so
And a lot more
George Hamilton's seven Mariah's scary seven
Gloria Stefan nine
We're going from bottom to the top
Adam Sandler eleven makes me puke
Eminem 14 Shannon Dorety's 16
And Grike the Grisius 27
Justin's Tinkerbell 28
Anna Cornelhoia 35
Wow Celia Cruz 47
Oh oh
SoSati
Oprah 50
Brittany Spears 58
Jalos 66
And Dr. Phil 113
In the leak of his own
You know the one thing that I admire most
About Dr. Phil, be said that fact he's making all that money with no talent
Exactly
26 after one at 560 WQM The Mad Dog coming up at 2 o'clock
By now you've been hearing a lot about Laminets Aruss and How Lamineted Wood Flooring from Laminets Aruss
Is the easy to smart low maintenance alternative to that expensive natural wood flooring
Laminets Aruss is the best place to find lamineted wood flooring from Peridor, Pergo, Wilson Art Unifloor, Quick Step
The top names in a binis They've got them all installed by Pergo Certified Instaurs too
Here's another reason why I'd be calling Laminets Aruss and prices will absolutely flooring it
Because right now you can get the summer special for just $1995
That's right
Just $1995 gets you up to 380 square feet of beautiful lamineted wood flooring which is positively unheard of
And Laminets Aruss will match any legitimate written offer too
If you want you a free in-home estimate with no obligation call Laminets Aruss toll-freeed
1.877.773336
What could be easier call today and tell them that Neil Tudor did you call they offer your free carpet disposal
If you furniture moving at 25 year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy care lamineted wood flooring
Call them today 1.877.773336
My mind will go down here sports radio 560.2 A.M
Do you know okay?
Okay
Who was more important to American culture buddy Epson or Celia Cruz?
Buddy Epson
Greg H.U
Kaboom
We always got his name too
Look out, Sodom's name
Look out, Sodom's name
George bushes got your name
Look out, Sodom's name
He says we know
We don't just want you to do it
Look out, Sodom's name
You've been a very 94
A very 90-born
Show your bill upon your news
O Sodom he'll get you
He'll get you
He's got some missiles pointed at you
And he's loved to bomb a rock
Back into the middle ages he loves you
He loved to love to love to you
George W. is the president
He is the president
And Congress wants him to explain
He wants him to explain
They say what do you do?
What do you think you'll do?
What do you think you'll do?
He says we're gonna take him out
You're gonna take him out
You're gonna get this new same bomb
Side of me loves you
He loved you
He's shooting upon your missiles
And he's loved to bomb a rock
Back into the middle ages he loves you
He loved to love to love to love to you
He loved to love to love to love to you
Welcome back to the Mohawad David Show
We're a jackful Azane but good clean family fun
You know that pipe smoke and gizmo
And thinks rape is funny?
Is that funny?
Plane's crashing into buildings is funny too huh?
But since when is gang rape funny?
Especially when it's me getting my teeth bad granted
What a jackass
Hey how about the hurry change?
Look at the doco tap dance when I talk
This is important
They don't know comedy
I'll show them comedy
Today I brought my collection of Lumbernavena tapes
Lumbernavena you have more on
They even named the restaurant after LUM
That you cluelish muck
Book it back to that later
Right now it's time for our transcendent mid show snack
Bring the morning mayor his food
Oh
Ah here they are
My favorite place to die
Zagotso Booker
Diggin' up everybody
What is it smith?
Looks like a donut
Looks like some of the veined umbrils
From plant-faring hood in the hood
But it's good
Try with the cocktail sauce
Hey hey beast
We'll play that Alice Cooper record
And baby
And stay care of the fed
There's a little atmosphere for you to help it go down the gullet
Hey baby I really dig that Alice Cooper see
I'm with it
And I'm hip
I'm a hefster
If he's controlling the office hood
Here
I got some more transcendent
Here, clinge of pellet this
Thanks Mo
Alright, we got the meathead mad dog coming up at one
Followed by that fat Jew right after the queer in the spirit
What's that?
It's a plague, the plague
Quick work, it's headed right for your ass
Well, the dog is a plague
Hey baby I'm feeling kinda hungry
What's the last?
Come here, lad
I want to thank you for focusing on that one
Very good nutrition
Like a man's dog
Help you build your muscles
Just play basketball
When you need some bread
And you want something big
A spark is layman
Still you wonder when
It hits
It steve you wonder when
It's killing vapid
Get out
Crocodile records presents for the first time anywhere
A fabulous two record collection of pop music
Straitest stutterers like Fox and Fender Overgross
The incomparable David Boy
The greatest names in pop music
Stuttering and stuttering
They're way to the top in this one amazing record opera
Now ho!
Those Jackson
Prince
Three generations of great stutters and stammerz
And if you act now, Capcom will grow in a fabulous collection
Pop runs the drones with James Brown
Eddie Roger has Benatar
What's many more?
If you try to buy these rangers
They probably put you away
You can only get a Proprasco, Grunts and Grunts, plus stutters and stammer
From Praco where we say
If you'll buy this, you'll buy anything
Say kids what's real bad for you
But chase real good
Sugar
And what give you the excess energy to drive mom crazy
Sugar
So what breakfast cereal will you tell mom to buy next time she goes shopping
Sugar Shackers
Yeah
Sugar Shackers
Two super sugar coated sugar shackers
Are little bits of raw cane
Drenched in honey and coated with powdered sugar
Bluecoes, fructose corn syrup and other natural sweeteners
And taste this like sugar coated sugar
Right, cause there's no yucky vitamins for minerals to spoil your fun
And how does it make you feel?
Like I'm vibrating
Mommy looks like sugar
Mommy looks like sugar
Mommy looks like sugar
And mom's a love sugar jatties too
Cause inside every box
There's a free bottle of new Flintstones
Tuable valium
So try new super sugar coated sugar
From your friends at Irresponsible Foods
I'm a tea-root-verbered can't you tell
How I love that future potty fluid smell
With my pants around my knees
I bend down so I can see if there's another tea-root-verbered there as well
After I get naked and go running all over the place
I hope someone just like me
Will you golden showers in my face?
I'm a tea-root-verbered have you heard
With stomach in, not in hell's a buddy's turn
If my cop comes in at all
I just sleep back in the stall
The excitement always makes my kidney be swell
I'm a tea-root-verbered
I'm a tea-root-verbered
I'm a tea-root-verbered can't you tell
Their ages are golden
But they're still rocking and rolling stones
Rolling stones
Social security
Recorded live in concerts
It's only Jared's home
But I like it
I like it
And I'm fine with to say
The tears in the front are just crying
They start to cry
They're gonna go away
And spend on pensions to get out
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
The rolling stones are turning grey
But they're still rocking away
It's not hard to run, she's out of control
Oh, my ears hear their say
But they're still rocking away
Now they get no
No more the emotions
And I'm fine with it
I've got an enjoying
The rolling stones
Social security
3D pens with every CD
Don't stop me yet
My place making needs another better
21-2-2-560 WQ
I mean, on summertime itself, Florida guarantees three things, heat, humidity and hurricanes
Now nobody can control the weather, but you can control how you protect your home during hurricane season
The hurricane shutter and window shop provides you the best hurricane protection going anywhere
We just one call to hurricane shutter window shop
They'll beat your home the next day
With a quote for hurricane shutter's windows endorsed customized engineers specifically for you and your home
From panels, accordions, roll-up shutters, impact resistant windows and doors
The hurricane shutter and window shop are absolutely not the undersold
They'll beat any written legitimate quote because when you buy from these folks you buy them direct from the manufacturer and wholesaler
So do yourself a favor call the hurricane shutter and window shop at 1-800-538-0191
They also offer cash and carry for duty or self-handiment
So if you're really serious about hurricane protection customized engineers specifically for your home
And you sure ought to be, especially this time of the year, call the hurricane shutter and window shop toll free
1-800-538-0191
Be sure to tell them that ancient Neo-Torodidica, 1-800-538-0191
My life and love, this is 4356
You weigh in, weigh in
10 Mandage, I f*****g'em out
I like it, I like it
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
Instead we have with us the father of Taliban soldier, John Walker Lind, Mr. Paul Lind, Mr. Lind, how are you this evening? Just handy! You hired five attorneys to defend your son, is that correct? Yeah, he's a good bye, nice thing!
Can you explain why he joined the Taliban? Spoiled brat, always hated taking a bath. Why does he use his mother's maiden name?
No, I don't know, she's the one who wanted a baby! You seem vaguely familiar, aren't you? I know, everybody thinks I'm dead, that was my lover. I tell them not to stand near the window.
So you assumed his identity? I'm sure I call it that, we have the same waist size. Where you'll surprise do you find your son was living in Afghanistan? I just thought it was a carpet star in Calcow Beach.
Yes, I see. Is that your real hair? I can assure you it is. I'm not polite, you mind if I check?
Oh, that is fine! Too much act when it blow dries out, fella, try some dippity, too!
I'll be back with some final thoughts after this. Oh, sitting.
I used to sit miles across the scene, through the sandy beaches of Miami. That's all it takes to reach it. Say the Taliban, the skate plans, the skate plans, the skate plans.
Look away, the red hat was on our head. Now we have to use toilet paper instead. A skate plan to Miami makes target of a tag.
A tropical paradise loaded with that puppy, and we're out high, the sun, the night. There's something else ice-cream, and I love you.
Look, we really rather drink our tea. The dunes lash a few throat ten seas of boat. Pointed towards Miami and off we go.
To where the angry humans slaughter their goats and attack, attack, attack, attack, that's our plan, the skate plan, the skate plan.
The plans are planned, the skate plan, the skate plan.
The plans are planned, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan,
the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the
skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate
the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate plan, the skate you'll be noodle Town spoiler blood onσốc
Clone Aid, where legendary performers take the stage to promote the cloning of human beings like Neil Young.
I need a clone because my heart is old, and he'll take over when my body's cold.
Clone Aid, also featuring a stirring performance by John Melanchamp, or someone who looks just like him.
Lil' Vity Bad, Jackie Bryan, two American kids going up with the singin' genetic claim.
Don't miss the first ever Clone Aid, with a great singer song writer of all time, The Incopromal by Dylan.
Oh, I would not feel so alone.
Yeah, everybody must get stolen.
It's not just a key limitation of farming. It's an exact genetic duplicate clone aid.
A clone aid ticket sold in pairs.
Vity's Bill Clinton bowed it all the time.
They call it womanizing low-rise slime.
But Newty's chasing girl is all around my desk.
That's why we search on some deserters of this.
Who would have bought, who would have thought that?
Alright, here we go on the deck.
Let's go.
Oh, Mr. Speaker, Mr. Speaker, the committee would like to know how long has had your shoes taken out from money in deserters?
I see.
Oh, okay, they're not.
Oh, the committee sees no improv in the amount.
There'll be no further bestie.
I saw him working on his pickup line.
Who's good?
You can't hear off and maybe watch your side.
Oh, pretty, I'm Republican and all alone.
Hey, buddy, baby, can I give you the phone?
Who would have thought I'd never would have thought that?
Come here, baby, you meet the Jewish and big rough mouth.
Blue King, which does the hanky pain,
Blue King, which does the hanky pain,
Blue King, the haze is hanky, wanky,
Blue King, which does the hanky pain,
We fight, we always bang his mother's hand.
Blue King, which does the hanky pain,
151-560 W. Kim, look at that pull man,
Celia Cruz.
You started it, being her boy.
It's all your fault.
I'm so sorry.
Looks aside, good or bad, which of these celebrities has the least talent?
Dr. Phil 125, nobody gonna touch him.
J.L.O. 68, Britney Spears 61,
Celia Cruz and a flatfooted fourth place tie,
52 with Oprah.
Ever see the two together?
Look at her alike.
Think about it.
Never saw the two together.
Both have 52 and a Cornelhoegia 38,
Justin Tickerbell 29, and Riccade Degreesius 27,
Shenandoah 17, M&M 14, Adam Asandler 12,
Gloria Stefan, that bitch is finally starting to move up,
thank goodness 11, and tied with Justin,
and Grarini.
Never saw the two of them together either, either 11,
and then after that, small taters.
152-560 W.Q.A.
and Hurricane Season is definitely how arrived in South Florida,
make no mistake about it.
Before Storm hits you always put up shutters
to protect the windows and doors of your home,
but what about the roof?
The Somae Paint Factory makes roof mastic.
It's a roof coating that can help you hurricane-proof your roof.
Somae's roof mastic saved literally hundreds of roofs
during Hurricane Andrew, while lots of unprotected roofs
were peeling off and flying away.
Somae also has waterproof coatings for every kind of roof.
So called the Somae Paint Factory at 305,
633-63333.
The Somae Paint Factory is the oldest quality paint waterproof coating
manufactured in the entire state of Florida.
Somae's going to save you a lot of cash because they eliminate
those middleman markups, and they sell to you and everybody else
at wholesale prices that are 60% lower than when you'd pay
for national brands in your retail stores.
So protect your home and property this smart way from South Florida's
brutal tropical climate with the best paints and waterproof coatings
under the sun at the best prices too.
Called the Somae Paint Factory at 305,
633-63333, or find out on the web at Somae.com.
You save a lot of cash when you buy direct from these Somae Paint Factory
SOMAY.
We sure don't tell Neil Purtid to call 305-63-363-333.
My life and love all this is for 305-60.
Way to AM.
Potomate blinks.
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
Look at all the geofiggy's covering their tracks.
GAO has geofiggy's pooping in their pants.
They don't want the facts in basketball games.
They can't be taken.
These decrysting geofiggy's are then moral grounds.
As they restore integrity back to the White House.
Media's glad towns now that they've grown it.
Every eye of us are heavy, some of you should very certain and mind.
When the pinkies get hittin' their face, they just place the flame on to dawn.
Look at all the geofiggy's in their nice blue pies.
These you all there with these niggies and triantic pies.
They don't care who dies.
They want that white line.
Hello Mr. Rocker.
How you doing, Equip Boy?
Is it me?
First up, sir, we will do the Roach Act test.
Would you?
They love when you roll your tongue like that.
Oh, your boyfriend's a...
Excuse me then?
Go ahead, go ahead, go ahead.
The Roach Act test is in blots as they say in English.
And I will show you using blots and you will tell me the first thing that pops into your mind.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Come look it.
Okay, what do you think this is?
Homo.
And this?
Let's go.
Okay, and this one?
Infected Haitian.
All right.
How about this?
Bobby Valentine riding the baloney pony.
Interesting.
What?
Let's move along, shall we?
Let's try some word association.
I'll say a word and you tell me the first thing that pops into your head.
No, Mr. Rocker, we haven't started yet.
All right, here we go.
Dog, Venus, cat, microwave.
The color blue.
Where?
You know, John, why don't we try waiting a moment before you respond?
Sure.
Mr. Rocker, I only wish to be your friend.
Why you got me on his couch, Doc?
Do you know?
What?
You fight boy?
John, I'm a married man.
Sure, yeah.
What's your wife's name, Chuck?
No, actually it's Gladys.
Yeah, you're Gladys, Vardin.
How did you get your fight boy?
I'm out of here.
Woo!
Why are you running?
Stop running, John.
John, are you a wild thing?
Do you make my heart sing?
Yeah.
Bye, bye, bye.
Thank you for watching.
I'm trying to keep you in QAF.
My name is Fort Launhale.
