Have a lovely day.
Neil, I hope you have a great day as well.
We have fun.
Don't go running out of here without telling the truth.
Don't be a pussy.
I know.
I'm looking at people I know to worst out of the last minute.
How many people did you tell me off the air were really at that ballgame yesterday?
I want a number.
3000.
Okay.
And Skippy's mad at me because he didn't see the covered in boobs the other night at Sin City.
Yeah.
I was covered in boobs, Neil.
You know the pressure I'm under.
Now all the religious groups are after me.
What a thought that is.
I'm moving in with the Jews, the Jews are mad.
I think Skippy likes to squeeze your boobs as a matter of fact that's what he told me.
Carlos, through your name and the sheriff used a broom handle on him.
That's when it's your present.
He just came out in L'Oamah.
L'Oamah.
L'Oamah.
Breakfast home.
Digima.
Okay.
L'Oamah.
I think Scott.
Have a lousy day, Neil.
I think you know what?
This place without you is like having no water in your toilet.
See you at the Marling game.
When you leave Miami, dude.
Everyone, that Clarence is pacing and speaking in tongues.
What you're trying to say is the place is full of crap.
Is that what you're saying?
It's falling apart without you.
It's like having, it's like you're going to a surprise party and all the balloons have already popped.
Hey, if you're on the way out of the bus this morning folks, but he's still okay in my book.
See ya.
See you.
Yeah.
Hello.
Guess who.
Hello.
Guess who.
Guess who.
Well, answer me.
Hey, you just cost me $6,000.
What?
$6,000.
Really?
Yes.
What can I do for you?
What time do you have?
It's 12.22.
That's right.
Who is this?
What am I going to do this month?
Who is this?
My name is Richard Roma.
What can I do for you?
You just cost me $6,000.
I cost you $6.
Yes.
How?
Where were you last night?
Where was I supposed to be?
You got the wrong number.
Ah!
What a big man you are!
Hey, let me buy you a pack of gum.
I sure got a chew it.
Ooh!
What a shit man!
Fuck you!
Yeah, that's what you got to try so I can crack your fucking head.
Oh fuck you are!
Yeah.
Come down.
I've changed.
Where the fuck are you?
Hello.
Where was I?
I was at home.
Who is this?
Where is your line of trade?
Stupid fucking fuck you idiot!
Look, I got to go before I get really mad and then I fucking hunt you down.
You fairy.
Yeah, you're fairy.
You fucking queer.
You're probably a month's service.
I find out the fucking cousin you are.
I'm gonna go to him and figure out a way to have you all right.
Fuck you!
Are you humiliated you?
Oh my god, I'm sorry.
I'll tell you what.
Fuck you all right, I quit.
Come down step.
Fuck you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, tough on the phone.
Oh, everybody.
My wife's tough on the phone, so.
Did you see what I-
What are you good about it?
I tell you what I'm gonna do about it.
I tell you what I'm gonna do about it.
Don't worry about what I'm gonna do about it.
You were saying.
I don't know who the fuck you are, but you're in for a big surprise.
I'll tell you that, right?
That's right.
You don't know me, you prick.
Fuck you.
What the fuck?
Yeah, I know.
Yeah, I know.
You're fairing.
I give you fair.
You're probably a fucking...
Fucking...
Fuck sucker.
Oh man, I wish.
Well, all the trouble's in my life, I would like to beat your face.
You know that.
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
Fuck you.
You're fucking run somebody else.
That was special.
Absolutely.
It really was.
Anyway, it's 10-05 and 5-60 for Ralph Remy out of the bus this morning.
I heard him.
I don't care what Neil Rogers says.
We got a real big thing over the mall, and said,
I don't care what Neil says.
I'm about to beat him.
And you do the white care.
Just the way it is, man.
You know, and I'm used to it.
I'm used to being blamed.
I get blamed for everything else.
We used to have those t-shirts that it's Neil's fault.
And then on the back, you know, if it rains,
if your dog takes a crap on the carpet, it's Neil's fault.
I'm used to it.
I can handle it.
I got big fat broad shoulders.
And so if anybody doesn't go to a ball game or any other sporting event,
it must be my fault.
I'll take full blame for it.
Full blame.
Okay.
So the, uh, uh, uh, you're a mean man.
That's what Jacob said.
Yes, I am.
And I'm proud to say it.
We got the couples contest number three is over.
As of this moment, I just declared it's over.
4101 votes is what I got.
That would you got?
Oh, maybe go back there now.
No, don't go back there.
I just got it.
Well, that's when I closed it out right at 10 o'clock.
And we'll go from bottom to top and last place with 40 votes,
Jody and Kevin, it's that seepia thing.
And what the other guy said was, I call it way in last place.
Sorry, guys.
But thanks to everybody who sent the pictures and participated.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
And we got another one coming up next month,
which will mostly be on your skinny shoulders.
Yeah.
Rich and Cheryl 72 in Sputter, Cheryl's, uh, gigantic, uh, impressive chest.
Dan and Sherry 79.
Captain Sing and his wife, 164.
We might have hooded for a captain Sing,
but not enough dirty magazines last two months.
Vicki and Mick 172.
Danian Michelle 220.
They moved up nicely, but not really contending.
Ian and Jen 282.
Mike and Kristen 300.
I think they deserve a little more than that, don't you?
Yes.
Holly and Darren did well.
They had 344.
They came in, uh, fifth, fourth.
What did they come in?
Fourth.
Fifth.
What?
Uh, and then I'm really surprised that this couple didn't do a little bit better.
Mary and Shane did well, 353, especially considering Mary's smiling breasts there.
I mean, gigantic smiling hooters, but...
And they...
Well, wait a minute.
Didn't they come in third?
No fourth.
So they get nothing but our best wishes.
Third, winning dinner at the pizza loft.
Greg and Stephanie 487.
And is that something they can come on a motorcycle?
Right.
Not everybody can do that.
Oh, seriously, the Suzuki is in the picture.
So you're all dressed up in your bike around fit?
Four free meals.
He does look a little like Charlie Manson.
So nice going guys.
They came in third to get the dinner for two at the pizza loft.
Second place, Brian and Natasha who pulled it out.
And Miguel was in it if they would have shown the other picture.
Natasha would have had the breast showing there.
And they would probably could have given them a run for the money to our winners.
Although I see she's wearing a top.
Well, maybe she had like a little surprise in it.
Maybe she had like openings.
Oh, that we can...
Brian and Natasha, 510, they get second place.
So in other words, they get either the trip...
Whatever the first place couple didn't want.
Which is a bad way to put it, isn't it?
No.
Because the first place couple gets the three day to night stay for two at the Royal O'Racist.
We sort in casino at the Bahamas with round trip airfare.
And they're on like your air or...
Or three night two day stay.
And that is correct by the way.
Three night two day stay at the Fertuita,
Heedonism, 2 or 3 in Jamaica, including transfers, food, drink,
Fertuita is entertainment nowhere.
So the winning couple gets the pick, whatever they want.
And the second place couple, which is Brian and what's your name?
What's your name, Stephanie?
And Natasha, they get whatever is left over, which is not bad.
And the winning couple, just smashing the competition,
Frank and Liz, a 1,068 vote.
Shocking, which means that they have a lot of friends and a lot of freepers.
And they did very nicely.
Congratulations guys.
And Miguel, I'm sure you'll be probably not only calling to let them know,
but probably wanting to go along.
Yeah, sure, why not?
But you just kick his ass out of there.
He is, dude.
Just your brutal.
You just woke him up.
This morning got him out of bed.
That's what he pissed off about.
By the way, Carlos was in jail over the weekend.
Oh!
Let's hear it.
See, the audience thinks we're making this up about this kid that we got who just can't get his life straightened out.
No, no, you see your laughing.
I'm crying.
I'm under verge.
It takes a lot to get me to cry, but he's got me right on the edge.
And we want, right now on behalf of Little Beanervoir,
we want to apologize to the audience.
We have a very loyal bunch of people over there.
We like to try to find out what's going on in our website.
On our used to be very prestigious website until this weekend.
But unfortunately, Carlos was otherwise detained.
And I think detained is the operative word in this case.
Little wreck out there on a highway.
And you know, he's got one story and the other person got the other story.
And then of course, he just happened to be driving without a license,
without a valid driver's license,
and created a little bit of a problem for himself.
So the bedtime stories didn't get on our Saturday.
The ones that I worked feverishly to send him,
didn't get out there Sunday because he was otherwise detained.
And who knows what's going to happen today.
We did send him along a bunch of really good stuff.
Didn't even get the great Steven story on there from Saturday,
which I have right here, thank goodness.
Maybe it was my psychic abilities again.
Maybe I had the foresight to realize that I should bring that up here with me,
because he probably would screw up again.
The man just can't, he is light.
What did I tell you? Life challenged.
Life is a challenge for Beanervoir.
It's not just the keys.
It's not just, you know, can't find his ass with both hands.
It's just everything in his life is a major crisis.
You think he's listening right now?
Yes.
Well, good.
We like him a lot, okay?
He does a great job on the website, but...
But he's like backing himself in a way in inextricable position.
You know what I mean?
No, what do you mean?
Kind of like when the beast gets down on all fours and clearance leaks up in behind him.
And it's like an inextricable one, especially for the beast.
Once he gets down on all fours, it's going to take months before he gets back up again.
He needs to find something vertical to climb up on.
Back to him.
Yeah.
So Farrell also told me he's going to work feverishly on getting clearance laid,
but I doubt it.
And the interesting part of it is I think you may have been right.
I don't want to say what you were saying on Friday, because I thought that was really in very poor taste.
Go ahead.
I don't want to say it.
You said you were the one making all kinds of implicates.
The hell I was, next year you're going to be doing to him the same thing that Tom Jigger claims I did to Craig Stevens,
the paperboy.
How's he doing?
Oh, we're fine.
Tom, once again, full of crap.
Don't have your facts straight.
But thanks for mentioning me in the newspaper again.
Look at that.
It's going to be a brutal week.
See, this is usually the week that I'm gone.
I start that summer gig this week, the 20th of June, and somehow I screwed up this week this year.
Because I know the audience have much rather have you talked about the Michelle Gillens ass.
Who?
And Michelle Gillen and Dwight Lauderdale's mustache.
But, you know, I'll do the best I can.
And I will read another sentence from Hillary Clinton's book.
Let's hear it now that I'm back here in a real civilized place.
I'll read one more sentence.
This is the only place in the world where you'll hear the Hillary book read on the radio one sentence at a time.
Should I do that right now?
Okay, sure.
Let's get it over with.
Let's get out of the way because we got to deal with the pull from the weekend again.
We got to deal with the new pull, which we're going to be building maybe, but I doubt it.
Here we go.
Listen carefully.
I came of age on the crest of tumultuous social change and took part in the political battle spot over the meaning of America and its role in the world.
All right.
Nice going swallowing.
That's it.
Now, the sentence tomorrow.
See, it gives you a chance to like absorb it better.
One sentence at a time.
Very slowly, very carefully.
So what are you going to be buying a Hillary book or Harry Potter or both?
You know, I'll probably have to wind up spending money on that Harry Potter book as I have a teen child that reads that swill.
From minutes after 10, I want to mention before you forget that Bob Eisenhower, that burger is a major asshole, but that aside.
That aside.
Now what time, Crowley only said that aside.
Barbercuse Galore carries the biggest range of Weber grills and accessories you've ever seen in your life, starting with the Weber's Smokey Joe portable charcoal grill for under 28 bucks.
It's the perfect grill for any July 4th picnic or any picnic any time.
And nobody can beat Barbercuse Galore's incredible, unbeatable selection of top quality grills.
They carry a full on of grills, including Weber, Viking, Jen Air, Braille made, and lots of exclusive grills that you won't find no place else like Turbo, Barbercuse chef, Cook on a Captain Cook all at the guaranteed lowest prices in the universe.
And right now take advantage of no payment, same as cash financing until January 2004 on approved credit.
This week take only amazing three burner Cook on grill, a Barbercuse Galore exclusive.
This one comes with a host of great features, normally only found on much more expensive grills like 42,000 powerful BTUs, porcelain coated cast iron burners and cooking grills, and a generous 625 square inch cooking area.
You just won't find another grill like it, nowhere for the price, now only 349 bucks, and only at Barbercuse Galore.
Perfect like I said for that July 4th, Cook out and all the other ones too.
Don't forget Barbercuse Galore's America's best Barbercuse store with stores and plantation,
an university driving a prestigious fountain shopping center called 954-423-1400, and also in Crossbrings Corner Sample in Rock Island Roads called 954-75-76668.
Barbercuse Galore, all the top brands, unbeatable everyday prices, everything you need for a Barbercuse.
My life and look all, this is sports real 560, you weigh in.
You're a bastard.
You approach a beautiful woman's car, she will not let you in, because she has a snub.
Get outta here you dog.
Look I told you I don't want you near me, okay?
I told you I don't want my weird shield clean, I don't need my car clean, I need you to clean, I want you to get paid.
No, it's up to do.
Because let me tell you something, I know you trying to pick me up, I know it, I know it for a fat dog.
1017-560-WQM Happy Monday to avoid this sunny and smoking here, like about 90.
It is smoldering, got a smog alert already, but it's not humid like there, it's not suffocating.
Now let me just see if my psychic powers are working, this call on line 9, that's his Miami, I bet you I know who it is.
Okay.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hey Neil, good morning.
Is this you?
No, no.
It's not the chronic?
No.
Are you black?
Yes.
It's you.
See I told you, I know who that is.
That's a guy that calls 8 million times an ed, just bitch them out on Friday.
Just bitch them out on Friday, I said get out of here, he's the one that's faxed me under two different names.
Calls on line 9, which I have no idea why since he's got all the other lines you could call on.
It's kind of like holding up a banner saying hey I'm the chronic asshole, I'll be on line 9.
What did I tell you?
Do I know my crap or what?
You got it.
I know my crap.
And you know something?
I don't know my crap as well as I thought I did because the pool I was going to take, tell Eric to put that one on the back burner.
I mean it's not a bad pool, but I got a much better one, you just fact me from a listener.
Don't you like this one much better?
Oh yeah.
Especially on the heels of that tack he's Johnson business.
And he's got my pick right up front and center.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
Okay so here's the pool for today.
Oh I better do the other one.
I'm so enthused that somebody asked, well let me just tell you something.
Okay you know as well as I do, especially since you're so bad on pools anyway.
Yeah.
Come up with something new and exciting and interesting, a different pool every day on the show,
which we try to do because we used to take some pride in our website till Carlos got busted over the weekend.
But up until that point we used to take a lot of pride in, but to come up with something new and different every day is like,
uh, just mind boggling.
Mind boggling.
Oh you know I was thinking about during the break.
I give up.
I was thinking about the fact that Miguel, see it's kind of like one of those damned if you do and damned if you don't.
On the one hand we know he's not too crazy about sitting in there and answering the calls and screening.
But on the other hand it keeps him away from Doreen back there in promotions.
It's a mixed blessing.
So it's a mixed bag.
A mixed bag and I was wondering to myself if Doreen like ever has like put her hands on Miguel.
You know what I mean?
You thought I wanted to say because we know she wants him desperately and he's very angry.
I don't want to hear that.
That's a cop out.
We don't play that game anymore.
Why don't I hear that question?
I beg your pardon?
He could.
Yeah, he could.
He could.
But he won't.
Has he got something in his mouth?
His tongue.
Yeah.
And he's biting it and there's blood dripping out of his chin.
Yeah, there's something dripping out of his chin.
I'm sure of that.
Well, okay.
He won't answer the question.
But I guarantee you she's probably grabbing a cheek here and there and you know like Pat.
Nice job, Miguel.
Good job out there today in the event.
You know, she talks a little bit like she talks a little bit like for real.
This morning I thought you had a bunch of bookers on your nose.
But anyway.
So on a poll from Friday, 1834 votes.
Which of these are you most sick and tired of hearing about?
We asked.
Now see the first category I'm assuming I should probably explain it a little bit better
although it did very well anyway in one by a landslide.
I'm assuming the reality TV shows includes all of these star wannabes, you know,
little boy and girl stars and teenage star.
What do they call those?
Yeah, all of those.
Yeah, I'm sure that's what we're talking about.
Are my right?
Absolutely.
Okay.
Reality TV shows 389.
389.
I mean, winning hands down.
Scott Lacey Peterson 230.
Nice job, Eric, correcting my bad spelling.
Thank you about trying me to something.
The Hillary book 203 weapons weapons of we better not piss off Eric now with the limbo status of Carlos.
You know what?
We better start sucking up the Eric big time.
Because if we lose the old man, I mean, if we lose Carlos.
Hillary book 203 weapons of mass destruction 195.
New Harry Potter book 170.
Oh my god.
They're selling that thing like it was had like an $100 bill inside of your book.
Right.
You never see anything like that.
No, it's embarrassing.
I mean, look, on a one hand, no, on several hands.
First of all, if kids are reading, even if it is crap, at least it keeps them off the streets.
And number two, it's good for commerce.
It's good for the economy.
Somebody's buying something, right?
Okay.
I'm trying to look on the bright side.
Oh, the car's reading good.
Martha Stewart 147.
The Middle East Road map 142.
It's a little rocky.
I guess they missed all those mines in the middle of the road, all those landbines.
Then they give a little shot at me here, although it's very close.
Neal's movie shows 119, 6.4%.
How hot Jackie Johnson, the Channel 7 weather babe is 116.
So like three votes spread there.
The Florida Marlins only 58.
They love those marlins.
They're just too cheap to go see them.
How about that Don Trelegan there, Miguel?
Good stuff.
Good stuff.
Another shot.
I don't even know what's a rain short in game.
The kid is a dynamite.
Nobody cares.
They're 15,000 announced, which means Saturday maybe there was like 10 or 12.
I'm really proud of Ferrell, though.
I'll butcher it up and admitting.
Well, I backed him into a corner.
Admitting on the year there are a few minutes ago that there was only 3,000 people there yesterday.
Maybe nobody saw him throughout the first pitch.
Yeah, and that's what he's pissed off about.
He don't care if you support the Marlins enough, but his ego is wounded badly.
Nobody was there to see him throughout the first pitch.
And you people, when you see him throw it, he can bring it.
Bring it.
He got 45 and the matrix will need 20.
Nobody said like you said, that's pass A anyway.
So that was a pull from the weekend.
We had a phenomenal response and spotted the fact that we had those lame old bedtime stories on it.
I was sad.
Somebody owes us a big apology, you know what?
Oh yeah.
Yeah, him.
No, not you see, I don't want to get into a whole thing and air his dirty laundry on here.
Do I?
No, I'm not sure.
I don't want to do it too much, but there comes a point where some things are cute.
You know what I mean?
Like if you have an uncle who's always a little bit drunk, a little angry, but then if the uncle starts like stealing stuff out of your house,
and the uncle winds up in jail and you have to keep going out and bailing him out,
and it keeps progressing in like a, you know, kind of like in a certain movie we saw.
Right.
You know what I mean?
Oh, I damn it.
I don't either.
It starts spiraling out of control.
So it goes from I can't find my keys and I lock myself out of my apartment and my computer just blew up.
And it just keeps like a gigantic snowball going downhill.
So I would suggest that somebody just kind of like slow down a little bit.
Maybe if you'd stop giving it in the red pills and give them the purple ones, you know, it'd be better.
He needs a few doggy downers just to calm down.
I'm serious.
The man is out of control.
He is spinning out of control to the point where his life is just, he's the kind of guy you will find under the overpass in a couple of months
if he doesn't just calm down a little bit.
Okay.
And even though he is working three, four hundred hours a week, I see he doesn't realize I can hear through that glass one under.
Even when I'm not directly here through it.
Right.
So I heard that cost of a little comment.
And of course you and I are trying to take extra good care of him and slipping a little on the side, you know, and plus all the drugs you're supplying him.
So what the, and plus he's getting laid now is getting action from Treasure Island.
What more does he want?
So life should be sweet.
But no.
Everything is a major crisis.
I know people like that.
Oh gee, my driver's license expired.
How much effort does it take to open up your wallet?
Take a look on your God damn license and see when it expires.
How much effort does that take Carlos?
You little pimple head?
Or that?
Yeah.
Sippled in?
Goopal.
I hit so many damn, I had such great stories.
I packed them on Saturday morning.
I wonder what the hell is going on here now?
What is going on?
Saturday?
I see nothing new on a website.
Sunday comes Sunday goes I come up here.
I look on a website saying we'll tired crap.
I'm embarrassed.
I'm humiliated.
We own apology to the masses out there.
All 20 or 30 people who really see it's interesting that nobody reads the bedtime stories anymore.
They just want to see naked pictures.
Will you kill that damn stuff?
Starting to get me nervous about him.
No, seriously, I think he is.
He's Sarah Goldfarb Jr.
He's Sarah Goldfarb Jr.
Maybe she's been reincarnated.
Now when his hair starts turning real white.
White and short.
Okay, here's the new pool.
I like this pool a lot.
This should get a response.
Showed off.
You think?
Yeah.
Which overrated hot.
Well, I see this is not word of the ideally.
Perfectly.
But I think whoever sent me to pull very much.
Which overrated supposedly hot chick is actually the biggest dog.
I like that.
What's not to like?
Absolutely.
Sarah and here's the list of they sent so far.
Sarah Jessica Parker.
Sarah Jessica Parker.
Pepperica.
Gloria Estefan.
Now whoever said that she was hot.
Emilio.
No, he didn't.
He said, oh, are you kidding me?
Somebody must have just.
I'm guaranteed he never said that.
You know what he said there?
You bitch.
You slut.
You wore.
Hopefully in a slight little register.
Mariah Carey with her one large abreast.
You know, I love seeing the way things go down.
You know, sooner or later there is justice.
Sometimes you have to wait a long time for her.
Her album was a flop.
Her album is art selling.
She's desperate to try to rebuild her image.
But we still says he wouldn't touch it with Miguel's hand.
How do you like that?
And Jackie's Johnson.
We don't want to be picking on Jackie.
Two pulls in a row.
But why not?
Since he's the centerpiece of so much attention.
Did we ever get Miguel's take on Jackie Johnson?
He's on the phone right now.
What do you mean he's on the phone?
He's so hot.
She's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
He's so hot.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Let's go make one y'all big story major bulletin belt adjust a
Y.
What
What
So, Supreme Court allows use of race and law school's admissions.
The Supreme Court just moments ago upheld the University Law School admissions policy
to give minorities an edge ruling that race can be one of many factors that colleges consider
when selecting their students.
The ruling in the law school case preserved the concept of affirmative action for minorities
who might otherwise be underrepresented on top campuses, but makes it clear that racial
preferences must be used sparingly.
In other words, if they can play basketball real good and sign them up.
The five-to-four ruling endorsed the program at the University of Michigan Law School
meant to ensure a critical mass of minorities on campus.
The program is not an legal quote of the high court said.
A companion ruling testing that constitutionally of another more overtly preferential affirmative
action program for minority applicants was also expected today.
Government has a compelling interest in promoting racial diversity on campus, and the law school
plan is narrowly focused on that goal that Court majority said.
The ruling by a vote of five to four may declare that racial preferences have to be used
sparingly.
The high court said the Michigan program does not amount to an illegal quote.
How do you like that?
You like it?
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No, but you're right.
No.
I don't rent less cigarettes.
No.
Did they hear that right?
Representing me again. Okay, so in other words you said you said that he is a monogamy late all it cares about his sports
That's it. That's what I said his life is rich and full no no that's what I said no, and that's what I meant no
Everybody's horny, okay even sports nerds are horny
Like there are less people that they're so into unless he's getting some in the locker room
Which we don't know about unless that maybe the answer others now that was what you were trying to say now
You try to like color your choice. Yes, you are swishful
You're doing the same thing the clearance to poor clearance our program director
Then I'm accused of doing the Craig Stevens who now finally came out of the closet anyway. How's he doing? Oh, we're fine
White theater
He wears those shirts
Well, here's another bulletin 1200 is plenty evacuated in Florida this morning a lot of cranco in on you know
Oh, yeah, well, that's why I'm on the internet a lot here
There's something about being here because when I was there I was able to do this so I don't know
Easily probably because this stuff here works a lot better. Oh you think but now during the breaks
I can actually go online here and check out some of these stories see what else going on
12 Delta airline passengers suffered minor injuries this morning when they're Boeing
757 had to be evacuated into in a fireball shot from the engine when it was started in Tampa. Oh
Delta flight 1036 from Tampa to Atlanta was leaving the gate of Tampa International Airport about 715 this morning
When the pilots noticed the small fireball shoot from an engine when it was turned on said billway to Tampa
Fire Department spokesman about 170 people were on the plane a way to hear this
The evacuation shoots were deployed in some passenger sprained ankles and other minor injuries when they slid down
They were taking a hospital for treatment. So in other words, they had to slide down the old shoots. Oh
shoes
Airports spokeswoman Brenda Gage Gagahann
Gaghaegan said the fire was extinguished in that's her name, okay
Said the fire was extinguished immediately. She said the remaining passengers would be put on another flight
I'm sure they'll be real anxious to get out of the Delta flight when you think so right away. Yeah
Oh, yeah, put me on that one over there. Let's see if this one will take off
Let's go we can get this turkey off the ground
I'm up to do that one by the way the good news speaking of airlines
I want my good friend Helen in the whole world to know that I'm very delighted. She's changed her mind
She's not gonna be terrier in a couple weeks not till the end of the year at least and then she'll probably we think that anyway
See I thought she was getting squeezed out. You know what all this air can of the crap
But she's not
Which I found out yesterday at the airport so nice going Helen. Are you hanging there?
I want to see her at least two three more times before she decides to hang it up. She's a sweetheart
She's one of the really nice people in South Florida not too many of them
But when you find when you just grab on to them and squeeze as hard as you can that's what Doreen said
Absolutely, yeah, that's what she said Miguel boy. That's how he's still got it though. He runs like a son of a bitch
That's why he wears that marlins outfit. I think he's like on a team or something runs like a maniac up and down a hall just evading her clutches
Okay, oh also before we get to the appool
Police in California probe suspicious truck. You see that surround I'm sure you did yeah
They kept showing that truck and they're looking and they're sniffing around it now wait till you hear how the
Vontid associated press I want you to listen to the first paragraph
It sounds like it was written by somebody in a trailer park listen the way they wrote this
Authorities early today investigated a big rig truck parked near the Burbank airport after having gotten a tip that a truck driver was headed to town
Possibly with terrorism in mind
He was headed to town
Terrorists are coming to town catch you here now I
Can't well what kind of a sense is that after having gotten a tip that a truck driver was headed to town
Possibly with terrorism in mind. I mean, I understand they treat the American people like morons and
Most of them are did you see I don't want to go in with the test results
I'm not talking about the Florida ones like nation-wide. I mean people are just so dumb. It's scary
Yeah, they're dumb and where did I see it last week?
They were asking that they went into a shopping mall somewhere not in Florida. Thank God
I would have been too embarrassing for us and they were asking who the vice- Oh, I know where was it was on a game show channel
Remember I told you that thing they were showing the bloopers right and in the middle of that show
They went out they took a mic and they went into a some shopping mall and we're asking who the vice president was like
The current vice-president. Yes. Yes. This was recently done and the closest somebody in some guy got was a dick
That's the supposed to guy so I think the vice president's a dick dick Nick and then Bob you bank said yeah, you're right
No, no seriously that nobody knew what his name was and
Don't tell me out of sight out of mind. Okay. We're dealing with really stupid stupid stupid people
The truck is on a road on the city border with Los Angeles near the northeast section of the LA X Airport
It was parked next to a so-called fuel farm where tens of thousands of gallons of aircraft fuel is stored
We're investigating possible explosives on a park tractor trailer near the Burbank Airborne said an LA police officer who said he was too busy to give his name
TV news helicopter showed officers walking closely to the truck no driver was visible in the officers were not wearing protective gear
Maybe a bad mistake
So they got they were tipped off by a unknown caller from Texas from someplace in Texas
He said he used to work with the driver the truck and that the driver's motives had to do with the war on terrorism
How do you like that?
The Burbank Glendale pass any airports north south runway was closed with their traffic ever to the east-west runway instead
Passed your trains were prohibited from stopping at the airport
So they're still checking it out as we speak
Okay, let me do the break
And then I'm sure we're gonna get tons and tons of calls at least four or five. Hey, look
I can't help it. There's just nobody there now, you know, whatever it is it is ghost town
And to show you what a backstabber the beast is hey, I don't want for all
I'm sure for else not listening on the way back to Boka right now. Don't listen Scott turn it off
You know he comes in there sucking him out with us because I was telling him about how far off through me under the bus with that Marlin comment
He only had two calls. He only had two calls the whole first 40 minutes. No, no, he said three
Or whatever the hell he said, okay, why would why would somebody who suck a suck and so hard in there?
You see what I mean about that waddling tub of crap
He's a waddling tub of crap the beast man. You're not fooling me. He had a school for a little while
He had to pull over our eyes. This is the beast. Yeah, what a oh just cross-pollinating man from one room to the other
Rent a Yenta that's him
22-11 at five sit and believe me if he had three calls in 40 minutes, it's a lot more than we're probably gonna get
They love him. They love you Scott. Just clean up your act
That's another thing we got to talk about is about his vulgar language
So you didn't so let's clarify this now you didn't say your thought clearance was a fang is that is that correct?
That's correct like some people have drug
Interests that supersede any kind of sexual interest. Yeah, that's enough for them. So in other words, sports is his drug correct
That's I that's not what you said
Hey, I'll tell you what ought to be you're not a drug
But you're a thing of choice that you pop in your push
That's olio-med because it's good for you
Olio-med soft gels contain the finest olive oil that you've ever laid your eyes on
It's not just ordinary pedestrian olive oil even not just extra virgin
But super super concentrated low with all kinds of health benefits for you
Olio-med in your mouth every day can up reduce the risk of all kinds of nasty things like heart disease and high cholesterol
And now you've got 14 different olio-med formulas you can choose from each one combining the finest of purist the best
This is olive oil that's ever been invented with vitamins minerals and herbal stuff
It's a support specific health needs from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system
All you do is pick out the formulas that you be needing and now you got three new olio-med formulas
One to help you sleep one help you control that fat and sell Q10 for your heart
Why you're off doing your shopping to there sometime soon pick up some olio-med
Because it's all over town. It's a public's records wall greens whole food markets
Navarro sedanos it's everywhere or order it online if you want olio-medamerica.com
If you want more information about these two pennies of exciting new products
Call them to a free and ask away to your heart's content. It's one 866 olio-med that's one 866
653 66 33 pick up some olio-med and start popping it in your purse right away
560 Q8M
No, here's how Jennifer Lopez and Chris Judd spent their wedding night. I can't believe it. I cannot believe it. Why you saying it?
Why you saying that? I can't believe it. Well, I can't eat it. I'm in a marriage. Yeah, we're married. You're so beautiful. I know. You're so successful. I know. You're so rich. I know. I can't believe it.
Why do you keep saying it like that? Because I can't believe I'm married you. I know. I can't believe I'm married
J-Won't I can't believe it? Why can't you believe it? Look at you. You're a bone broke man. Did you spare the side meat for six months? No, we're alone. You did something to me. No. You did something to me. No. You're what's on me my cocoa?
You can't go cocoa. Look at yourself. Look at yourself. I had puppy in my bed. I had puppy in my bed. I can do something. Who cares? I had puppy in my bed. What did I do? I'm sorry. Oh, no. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I don't like crying. But I love you. I'm gonna sit on you with my biggest.
Yeah, yeah.
I don't want to.
Can't believe it. I got called puppies.
Jennifer Lopez and Chris Judd spent their wedding night. I like to be in her boy's life. It's, uh, J-ト has never seen a penis in her life.
garantiine, I just, you know, it's just my personal opinion. Just like your comments about bookurance that's not to say he couldn't be there but on that
Oh, so in other words now you're covering your ass a little bit back. Oh, now you're hedging your bets
There's nothing wrong with that right. No, not that there's anything wrong with that of course
J. Lo she belongs on the list right?
Absolutely. Oh, what?
She doesn't belong on the list. She certainly does. Oh come on Miguel
I mean you were doing so well with Jackie's Johnson. You think J. Lo is hot. She's hot. I'm sorry
Her ass is hot. Yeah, it's about 99.6 facts. You might have SARS. I think it's 100.3
But her push man she has a nasty butch ducky push she looks like a boxer isn't that her nickname?
That's what the bad athlete calls her ducky push
Even mommy has to come over once a week to change your diapers
But anyway now see that's bad now you're starting to make and especially on the heels of this Craig Stevens to rain a Sun
Assembly other day you mean your heart which which would have been on our website
I started from the fact that Carlos is like no look the audience probably thinks we're exaggerating just like they thought I was
Exaggerating about what an asshole Moe is which I was not exaggerating was I know
They'll oh yeah, that's so funny that can try to convert. There's nothing contrived about it
We don't play that game. That's a wrong show. Okay. That's mr. Ego wrong station wrong show
We don't need any contract controversy on this station believe me. We got more than enough crap going on real stuff
Holding back lots as yeah, yeah, if you only knew the stuff that doesn't get on the year
Like about the time Doreen got Miguel backed up against the corner up in the hallway there but anyway
Uh WSVN anchor to serve in gay pride parade
This is by Tonja. I guess this is from Saturday Sun Sentinel
I flipped it out because I knew somehow the back of my mind that be near boy would screw up our website nice going you little twit
And by the way if it's not too late, I'm canceling that chick, but I guess it's probably too late. No
Now you think not it's too calling my bank
In fact, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna leave instructions that if anybody with that name ever tries to cash you check again
Just to forgive just life in his face call a cops
Tom jicca writes my good friend Tom was writing a lot more about me lately since I've been cutting him a big ass and
Deservedly so how about that Jerry? If you know Williams death hot time you idiot
This is yellow really bothers me the most here's a guy and he's in title his opinion
You can write whatever you want just spell my name right and put in the call I was pleased and the 10 to 2 now not 9 to 1
But which you'll notice he never wrote about that either
There was a you know, so they write a little blurb about it. What's his name? What's the ugly guy Jim?
In the sports section
Jim sarni I do that. Yeah, that's shocking because I've talked about it so much. Yeah, but he writes a little blurb about
Parallel and about and then here's a major schedule change on the one of the
The major AM station along with iod. I guess there's the only two that really count in the whole market
This Tommy write anything about that. No, so you can keep putting my name in these articles about wow
I brought this guy to the closet and I said the s word on the ear
Yeah, time why not why not give the public some information about what's really going on
Not just this station any station even got their mobile next time to be a step up in your department. God
But I'm the one that's out of touch. Oh, Jesus. K Christ. That was his middle initial by the way. Okay, it's per and don't forget about his brother Jimmy Christ
It is an unusual time rights for a TV anchorman to serve as grand marshal of a local parade. It's when the parade celebrates gay pride
But not that there's anything wrong with it
Craig Stevens of WSVN channel seven accepted the honor for yesterday's fourth annual Stonewall street festival and parade in Wilton manners
Can you imagine the turnout they had for that
Stevens has been at WSVN for 11 years the last was the main male anchor doesn't regard it as a coming out. Oh, where why I guess some people will say I didn't know that
But I don't think this is going to come as breaking news because I've been here so long and live my life openly
Steven said over the years have been active in various gay charities and events. That's right, uh Craig
Now if all the other closet queens are a channel seven were like line up behind you then we'd accomplish something
That'd be a long line
Uh
Just fill up the parking lot back there where I would use to be in order to fill up the whole goddamn parking lot
What's that in your mouth exactly
Steven said he served as MC of an AIDS walk and been on the board of directors of center one which helps victim vades
However, the parade is the most public acknowledgement. He's made of his sexual orientation
It makes him the most prominent member of the South Florida media to come out since Neil Rogers during the Anita Broncon diversity in 1976
Rogers went out to become the most popular radio personality in South Florida
I always liked that time jockey. You know what?
Even though we didn't want to yell at down the corner at me. You're gay
He did
Okay, he was going around the corner of the station. I open up the door of the studio and you put it
Polk to sit around your gay just like that
Steven's doesn't anticipate any negative backlash either
Maybe it's because of the nature of this community, which is really tolerant of different lifestyle
Oh, yeah. Oh, right
Ironically Rogers has and I see this is the part that just bugs the crap out of me
But that's okay. I can add look because it's full of crap
Ironically Rogers has made veiled references to Steven's sexual orientation over the years
Steven said it bothered him at first because of the hurtful nature of Rogers comments
But it's come to regard it as a compliment Neil only talks about people he feels are important
Well, get a little carried away Craig
Stevens ran his participation in the parade past news director Alice Jacobs as a courtesy
If we get involved in a base there you run and pass the people here
He said Jacobs reacted to Stevens expected
I told him no problems at all with a cheat to expect no backlash
Yada yada yada
He's not the first front line anchor to be open about a sexual orientation
Randy Price who works at WSBN's sister station. Is that a play on words in Boston is out as Hank plant
Who served as anchorman at WKPI X and San Francisco?
It didn't turn out to be an issue in either instance. It says
How do you like that?
So Craig Stevens is gay
Aren't you shocked?
And it's made Josh Darrell our program director aka Clarence is
here desperate
I mean does it really make any difference in his case?
No, not really because I mean I like Clarence
He's a good guy because he gets me my paycheck on time sometime a day early
With it coming up in two days
I'm certainly not going to make any cost of comments about him now, but I will say this
I view him basically as sexless. You know what I mean like a neuter?
Yeah
Right I'm not saying he's a unique he might actually have a penis maybe I'm not sure smooth like G
An any
But I don't I don't I view him as sexless
I don't I can't imagine him like getting a roused or just unless it's over a ballgame
Unless it's maybe like hurricanes baseball
And certainly her coons football. Oh brother. Can you imagine can you imagine him on the ball games with Zagaki?
That's why they limit him to the baseball games because football he'd be out of control
That's why they have to put the lovely beast in there. It's their whoever they put
Okay, so that's a deal on clearance for anybody who cares anybody care. No, I just thought you know since you out of them on Friday
We're trying to like at least put him halfway back in there
Okay, let's get this pullgoam. What do you say? I'm killing a good hour here though, you know?
No, it is great because I understand that I really blew up this year and this will never happen again
Uh, can you do you know do you have a rating books in the run or somewhere? Oh yeah, a lot
No, but I mean a recent one because I'd like to know what the last day I bet you was last Thursday
I mean last Wednesday
The last day of the spring rating book
I got a fall 2002 right here. I'm just looking. That's good
That's because in the back on the back inside page it shows you the um rating periods when they end
Okay, so look at spring 2003. You got it?
Yes, what's the last day?
June 18. Oh June 18. You know, so the reason now what day was the 18 was that Wednesday? Oh, okay?
Like I just said I am
Once in a while I fall into a bucket of crap
So like I said the rating period has been over for five days already. So what's all the week here?
This is the summer book. You're gonna get blamed for it anyway. What do I care?
I honestly, I'm not saying this to cover up for your uh, you know
Inadequacy that's a very good word
But the fact of the matter is I don't know how you do it and how many years in a row did I talk about it before I got lucky enough to get out of the song
In the beginning summer was great summer was fantastic kids were out of school college students were home from my college
And everybody was having a good time and we used to get all kinds of living and breathing people during the summer who couldn't
Call us the other three seasons the other three-time parts of the year then what happened?
And then they all started getting smart and getting out of town in the summertime
Everybody abandoned it because it kept getting more and more hot and more and more stifling and more and more suffocating
I'm telling you I don't I don't know how you people do it you have got to be a captive audience
You must be held there by absolute necessity your job your family your
Prison whatever it is that force you to stay there these months. We presume people July, August
And I'm not really so sure about September and all that great either and sometimes October
Right suffocating now. I'm not talking about hot and human. I'm talking about way beyond that
You know Vegas. It's 115. It's hot, but it's not human
Here like it's in the 90s every day this week. It's gonna be it's hot, but it's not human power broiler
Wow
Roodle
So I salute all of you who are unfortunate enough to have to be stuck in it and of course there are those people
We love it. We love the summer weather here. Right. Yeah, sure you do
Here's Miami. Hello
Oh, again second day in a row retire and he answers the same. Yeah, when I'm good and ready asshole
Every single day this guy is out there and this is this is one of the other ones doing different voice night
I just noticed that for the first time
He's got a new act retire now
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound five, but what does that tell you?
I've been going on for almost an hour now. We got our good pull here going and the first call is the same asshole
It was the first call on Friday
So like I said after the break George and Miguel are gonna be doing the show just do the spots
All right, now just just a joke
I don't want to get about the village. I maybe would like to do that
Because I'd like to get about 10 names on the pool so they're can put it up on there, but maybe not
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and team for rising line
Uh, which overrated supposedly hot chick is actually the biggest dog. We've only got five so far
Syracurgistic a Parker glory as Stefan Mariah scary Jackie's Johnson and JLo
And we're waiting for your suggestions. Okay. Are we waiting for their? No, we're waiting with vated breath
Hey, I'll tell you what a lot of you waiting to lose some weight
But it's not gonna happen by osmosis and you know all this exercise business is fine
But you know how far you have to run from here to
From where you're sitting right now to see ettle to really lose any meaningful weight
You've got to have food that'll help you lose the way you got to have a real diet that you can stay on
That's why balance for life is so good because even the simplest of the simple things out there can stay on it
Because you have nothing to figure out no cooking no shopping no cleaning no calorie counting no carbohydrate counting
Just great results as the weight pours off your body and you have a big smile on your post because like I said
They do all the figuring out for you the only choice you have to make is when they send to that menu once a week
You pick between two alternatives for each meal every day to try on a program
And they deliver right to your door fresh every morning a little black sack
And there's the food you need for the entire day in your sack three delicious fresh
Gourmet meals two delicious snacks even little bottle water is in there
So you don't have to worry about eating a little teeny tiny portions or a chemical feast inside of a box
This is fresh good stuff that you really enjoy it'll keep you satisfied all day long
And it's all based on the zone diet
So you don't have to worry about whether it's going to work for you because I just guarantee if you stick with it for most of you
This could be the answer you can start seeing results in a matter of days
So if you're sick and tired of being fat out of shape wearing puppets for clothing
Maybe on the verge of diabetes pick up that phone and call balance for life today
This could be the answer you've been looking for called 954
568 32 29
954 568 32 29 or check them out of their website
balanceforlife.com
And she could go to jail
Then you can go to hell I'll make the best of my time to my young suits and see the other girls have to make walk through
This could go right just say good bye
Cuz you will try
Marthus tip down they hope they're like a boss make some pictures of her
Marthus tip down rely on like a rose
Stop it cuz it's pressure like a bomb Marthus tip down
Is she gonna jail
That's the bad news for a major Jackson, Atlanta's first black mayor has died. All right. Yeah, who?
Major Jackson. Oh, I don't tell me you never heard of major Jackson. I never heard of made
Jackson. He was Atlanta's first black mayor. How about that and he died and anyway
Well, I mean you just out of touch with reality. Okay. He had nothing
Nothing to do with Cuba. So Miguel wouldn't have heard anything about him
Cool. Here's a good fact Ricky from the moon from
Fort Myers-Deport St. Lucie. I'm not sure if that's a step up or a step down Ricky
But anyway, she says wondered if you'd mentioned the online Democratic primaries during the marthus day June 24th lasting 48 hours
I'm just mentioning it right now Ricky website for registration is move on.org
Where the voter enters their name and email order to place one vote for one of the Democratic contentors
In fact right after the show I'm gonna do that Ricky
The purpose is to generate enthusiasm nationwide for the Democratic Party and of course to vote the bushes out of office
Thanks for reminding me Ricky
Move on.org
I'm voting for a Bob Graham
You don't sound very enthusiastic about that Bob Graham's great. What are you talking about?
I was just gonna see the fall over the weekend
He's smashing all the other contenders in the Democratic primary in Florida and the against Bush
It was I think 53 to 40 for Bush, which isn't that bad right on the heels of that the bogus war
Oh, sorry Miguel
Don't look at him again. All of a sudden he's a bush lover man. He is obsessed with bush. Why would you say yeah?
See he's laughing he agrees aren't you obsessed with bush absolutely we're not talking about
Politicians necessarily nope
Anyway, we'll find out org and but the only problem Bob Graham just doesn't have the recommend nobody knows him anywhere else
See and the deep Southay know him especially Florida because he was our governor twice
He's a senator now things like that you know that even the dumbest of the dumb somebody might know who he was
Plus they got a street named after him and his family
But other than that he might because he's only drawn one or two percent in all the other places
You know, they just don't know who that he is
Plus on top of that as much as I like him in the fact
He's got big balls and his open up a mouth and really knows what he's talking about
But in spite of that he's just he's not a good speaker, you know, he's like a you look at the democratic field
Okay, how are Deans a good speaker right?
John Kerry is not only a good speaker, but John Kerry has that craggy face who looks like he already belongs them out rush more
Right
You see what I'm saying yeah, if you were to put even though he's never been elected beyond senator anything else
But he looks right now like he belongs in Ramos. He's just got that craggy face. That's not good visual appeal
No, he looks presidential you're wrong. He looks presidential even though he looks old and craggy
I mean you can be young and good looking like Kennedy was which is good or you can be old and craggy and presidential looking like John Kerry a little scary
Now let's see who else is a good speaker anybody. Oh, Al Sharpton
Yeah, why no he can speak he's your hoot. I mean, I don't I don't like a lot of his crap
But then I'm sure see you laugh right off the bat. You right?
You're such a hard-ass nobody can get through to you. You're like a rock. Right speaking about Russian. We're like a brick
He's a laughable person. Okay, but he's a he's a
In fact that first debate that they had he was the one that they made monkeys out of the rest of when I was a bad term
He made him look bad. He made him look bad
He's talking about who can speak a dick. Edhard couldn't talk his way to a paper bag. He's awful
Me name out. Yeah, it's you labor man
Yeah, we know about him. Oh, here's another good one and a cool smith. Thank you very much
See we're building this list on the faxes. They don't have time to be call him this today. They'll get around it when we get around to them
Retire
He's one of my new favorites that guy
And in the colesmith you got her who's taking this list down?
Good. Okay. Thank you Jay and Tampa
Here's one that says
Maria Barteromo on CNBC. It's not spelled right. It's an IROMO other than both online whoever said she was hot
And there are a lot of people do really all right back in the days when I used to watch that when I was losing all of my money
The gambling channel all these guys when they take calls you know people asking about stocks when they have their so-called experts on
I'm a real yes. Oh lovely. Oh yeah, a lot of these really desperate. I was who couldn't get laid in Amsterdam
Oh, they think she's really hot Maria Barteromo with a gigantic bags under her eyes right and her big ugly nose
She's nasty nasty nasty. I'll tell you another one. Although other than mad dog
I can't imagine anybody think she's hot is a glory of ancestor Greta whatever he'll learn an angel and Greta
Avivon Suston and Avivon Brown Suston. Should we put her on her? Why not? It's free. I know nobody thinks she's hot
That's got a good joke nobody that's a joke
In fact, that would be a good pull one day who's got the worst the phony nose Greta or what's your name on gambling channel? What is your name?
Sue Herrera. I don't know
Here's one. It says what about Melissa Starks of Monday Night Football for your pool
Nobody and by the way, what's the story with gilding? Oh gilding went to a wedding. He already had this day off
It's a dog don't believe all this stuff. He here gilding be back tomorrow. Okay. I'll always looking but he'll be back tomorrow
Melissa Starks do we know who that is? Miguel must know it because he's a football a nerd. She's cute
Some of the she doesn't belong on his list
No
Okay, well I'm taking your word for because I don't know who that is because I don't watch Monday Night Football unless the Patriots are playing of course
So we're building our list here. I think I'm gonna vote. I'm not gonna tell you I'm gonna vote for but I'll give you a clue
She's got one breast in the middle of her chest
She gives me I mean you talk about talent you can't complain about her talent because so far they haven't found any
Well if you ever saw Sarah Jessica Parker
It's not what I'm talking about oh you're voting for her. Oh yeah, I'm talking about five times
Gary Mariah Carey. I'd rather I'd rather have Andy Carey on my team any day remember Andy Carey third base Yankees
Sarah Jessica Parker's out in front George. How many times you vote? I already got 11 and Mariahs only got four Gloria step on five
He just keep pop pop pop pop pop Jennifer Lopez for and Jackie Johnson don't have anybody
Well, I mean see I wouldn't say Jackie Johnson's a dog. That's that's cool. That's nasty
Right right when you say she's a dog I think she's attractive. Oh, come on. She's not a dog, but I think she does have a monkey face
5 6 7 0 5 60 just the wrong animal. There's your problem. She's she's not too good. She's highly overrated
Maybe that would have been a nicer way to of course. We don't want to be nice doing
Oh, I live in nicer way to phrase the ball is the is the most overrated the most overblown
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T of Ryzen Wireless line the Supreme Court today ruled that race can be one of the many factors of selection for admission to college
It can be to which we say no bad move
Here's the call from Coral Springs. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Yes, sir. How are you? Good? I was just listening to you
Which I do every day and enjoy your show very much. Click your back on 10 to 2
Me too. I
Then go right on my man the mayor of Atlanta who passed away. Meanor Jackson. See how fast they forget his body's not even warm yet
A funny story about him. I live in Atlanta in the late 60s when they opened up this big
Rolla coaster called the great American screen machine right and they had a whole big deal
And he was in the front car because it was the biggest
Rolla coaster and whatever
Old and news media was out there the thing went around one time I just came through the starting position the brakes failed and it went second time
And they had it on the news and but if there's time he was his tie was the skew and he looked like he was the throw up
Finally like the fourth time they were
And when they had to help get him off he was all wobbly leg as was everybody else on the thing
But it was a spherical thing. I was wondering the things that was a part of his legacy there
I was thinking he might have been a little bit pale but in his case it might have been hard to tell
Yeah, but he was a very good mayor from for that city which was still fighting the civil war back in 1969
Okay, one other question. Yes, sir
On the web page and talked about a book that you may or may not be writing is that true or is that just kind of a good?
That's
Then one Eric's fantasy. Okay, because I actually think it would be very interesting to read about your
Your life. I guess my exploits. Yeah, okay. I'm thinking about it
Okay, great day pal. Bye-bye. That's right about our exploits all of us. What do you say?
No several chapters about beener boy
So what's the story with him? You had any update on that the punk no on that street punk no
Well, why not? I don't know my phone. Do we have the new stories up there?
I guess I could take a look but I'm scared to take a look because he needs at least two hours
No, seriously. He doesn't realize that I'm sure because he thinks just like a lot of other people
George who think I'm always going to go to bad for them and they push the thing a little see at least George learned
Is lesson man. He backed into a corner just shut his mouth. He put his like little
Tom thumb who was it little jack corner? Yeah, sat in the corner sat in the corner and stuck in his mouth
Now the same old crap is on here from like Friday
Conservatism here today. Well, that's a nice throw it or beener boy, but it's old. It's ancient. It's old stuff
It's embarrassing for a high-paid show like ours with our big fancy schmancy website. They're always bragging about get with it beener boy
He's on tonight speaking about it. How about that Nathan Horton, huh? No
I don't know the kid that the panthers drafted and what how was what was for well talking about this morning
I mean so maybe this Samuelson kid the macaul Samuelson that they got from the penguins maybe he does suck
But the fact that the mad was they got him for free because they got Nathan Horton anyway, which is who they wanted in the beginning
So they got like a freebie thrown in there
So they have like an extra body than they understand that they got an extra body actually they pulled off a pretty good deal there and he's
You know better come down a little bit for all of it again. It's your it's your night-chafing. Yeah, that's the problem
5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T and for rice wireless line a man who went there to throw out the first pitch yesterday and about
75 people were there in the beginning of the game and he said no more than 3000 by the end by the conclusion
The red hot marlins are only one game under 500. They're only 75 games out of that playoff spot the wild card birth
They got the don trellwell as who's the biggest attraction since vina blue who everybody in their world is just
Can't believe how good he is like 21 years old anybody here now nobody cares even mckelo care
Did you go Saturday to see that game? I was there all week along basically really yeah, I'll be damn
Of course like I said there there is a real fan right there a guy to get some free tickets
But at least uses him. He doesn't doesn't throw him an instrument or like some of us do
He actually goes out there and sees it. He had to come
Oh, that's right was some kind of promotion. Well, I didn't have to go yesterday
I went
Yeah, but you wanted to see for all throughout the first pitch didn't you?
Not really
Were you there when he threw out the first pitch actually I was outside of the stadium
Geez that's why his ego is wounded. You know the guys only been here a couple of weeks
Let's at least pretend that we you know like him alive
Line and local
We're sports radio 5 60s you a
UAM
From the people who's one out of ideas like America's most talented team
America Idol Junior and America's most talented kid come the ultimate competition for young people
America's most talented
The show that let you hope for your favorite celebrities
Your son aground
Be here tonight on a pre-nabel Bruce Springsteen Vos out unborn in the USA
A tidy Justin Timberlake Gurgles walk your body from the inside and a thing that will grow up to be on Joey
Things born to be your baby
America's most talented
Beasts right after American input idol to my gun fox
It's 11 16 at 5 60 W here. We got the mad dog at two in fact
We got no Marlon game to this we got a pristine schedule. Oh right
Mad dog 2 to 4 the humprow be a chulas today 4 to 7 the big
7 to 10 proving that nothing is perfect any K 10 to 2 and you and Mark overnight 2 to 5 to 8 a.m
When it's uh
Uh, Mo Mo Howard David it and Geldi will be back. Geldi be back tomorrow. Don't believe those rumors. Okay. He's long
looking
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 oh so guess what I did during the break I give up I registered to vote tomorrow in the
Democratic primary and the online it's not it's not like a real primary obviously
But it's an online thing and I registered to vote what you have to do before you vote
Move on.org. Okay. Get with it move on.org
And Marlon I get the chance I'm going to vote for Bob Graham
I say proudly
You're going to do it me? Yes you don't
Have you ye
It doesn't make any difference you don't have to be a registered voter. All right. I'm going. I don't think here I go
All they want go to move on.org and it's just his register for tomorrow's a up thing. Okay. It's not an official thing
Jesus everything you take so god damn seriously just because you're in illegal alien
You don't want them to trace the over you are and you're getting deported
By the way, here's George's address. This is the tape delay shelf
5 6 7 0 5 60
5 5 60 on the 18 see I bet you Miguel's going to be voting the Democratic primary no
For somebody he sure can't win
Here's point and V chill out. Yeah, yes, sir
Hey, I the Marlon, you know, they just proved again that they're a low class
Organization. Well normally the first pages for someone important
Right
Have some guy on a radio station. Yeah, it's unbelievable
Anyways, you were born in Rochester, I believe so I'm curious why you're not billed fan
I'm curious why you're not
I was a bill span in the old days the old AFL the Buffalo bills. Yes. I was a bill span back then
Well, because then I then I wound up in Florida. I was a dolphin fan for a number years
I mean, you know things change things changes you go along
I used to go to all the bills games back in the days of cookie gilt chris and jack camp and the dearle Lamontica
Those were great days great great
That's the George same from Michigan state
Go Patriots baby. That's all I got to tell you
Pants go baby. Oh, that's all because of that Tom Brady. No wrong
Free Tom Brady. Thank God. I was a pay-peat fan one year before he came along thinking this for that or people would have said
Oh, it's just because Tom Brady's hot and he is even Miguel admits he's hot
Yeah, real hot he is
But anyway, let me just say this to the I don't want to start creating a problem here
But I just had voted I gave a number of votes we had we were off to our usual
You know start a little bit less than usual because nobody's in town
But the poll was taken off and look what we have now look on your screen George. Oh, I gotta go back to move on
The poll is down. Oh, no, it was up. It was up and now
It drooped back down again
Somebody get the Viagra for Eric. Okay, I'm doing Orlando. See this is unacceptable
Beener boy is in jail or whatever the hell is story is and we can't get the guy then pull go in this show is starting as slow as freaking
Melania's which is good because basically we'll be honest. We want to kill as much time as possible
Because it's summertime. No, no seriously. This is not right. So I just voted for Maria scary again
But I don't know what's what's the reason for this?
How come we just can't like we usually do put it up there and then add to it as we go along
Is there any special reason you just voted for Syrogesica Park? We're gonna. I saw you. Yep
So there we go those are the two votes. We had a bunch of votes on there and then so if you voted before
Vote again, right forget about it
If and when that is Eric ever decides to get this back open up to the public again because it still says the poll is down
This man has more goddamn problems up there Jesus when you get Peter boy back in there
What is the reason he's not there right now? Oh yeah, but what is the reason he's not there right now?
Carly could have come in late not that we don't love Miguel, but Miguel's not a computer
Has to get his car out of in pound. Oh, you know, what was the story last week he had to go up to like
Boca Tica or somewhere to get his guy to him car
Because they ran out of gas or daddy dead and drive up there won't get the AC put into his
Geez
Thought without it
Airby how do you survive like that when every I mean how do you get out of bed in the morning when you know every single thing
You do from brushing your teeth to taking a dump everything you do it could possibly become a major crisis
I don't get it. I would definitely jump off my balcony here and believe me. I got a long way to go
How can you do that? I don't know just the most just the most basic simpler rudiments of life this kid
Just he can't cut it he cannot cut it guy comes into washes car on Friday and all of a sudden he goes
Disappeared out of there like crazy a five minutes later and we're all under a weird how do he disappear to is he on another faggot break?
Oh, well is a valet key wouldn't open up the door when he had to go down to open it up for him
Drop the keys on a floor to dog piston his leg on and on and on
He better be there tomorrow. I'll tell you that and very soon we better get this Internet this website going again
Yes, my big optimal
Yeah, it's Miguel's day off tomorrow. Okay, so he won't be there to hold our hand
I think we want to play bush boss with beener boy, but you know be real easy for clearance to put the fix on in the next
Pay the period, you know be real easy
Hey speaking of Tom Brady. Yeah, put Tara reading that list
Tara read is at his bitch. I mean really?
That's what I read
Now do you know who that is George? Sure and she's hot, but she's got the last
Oh, now see how about if we put jails ass on the rest of her how would that be all right?
Then we can have a compromise between you and there. I'll kill over
Well put her on there. Okay, I don't care. We'll put anybody on it
That is of course if we ever get oh here we go. It's finally up there. Um Eric. You're you're just
Infuriating you're frustrating and and don't call go call it up Miguel go
Well like that, you know like you always do because he's not impressed by it like Carlos see don't call it
May he don't want to know from you
In fact if that line rings that he calls on don't answer it Miguel because it'll be Eric going
What did I do?
You allow that crap, you know we're tired of hearing that stuff and you're neurosis. We're tired of it
We'd rather find out that beener boys in jail on death row for killing a whole bunch of illegal aliens
That would make us happier than hearing you go
Like that again, you know, it sits old now. Am I right? Absolutely
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound
Hi 60. Oh, but Neil you're so much more excited than uh, I don't think I'm any less hysterical than excited now here
Then I was when I was there last week stop you know, of course not oh
I'm just a psychotic because I have to deal with the same radio station the same bunch of losers the same missfit
I got Bob Eisenberg give me directions about my life by the way nice hairpiece Bob. I want to tell you this is a true story
Bob Eisenberg who is at one of our sales holes a major asshole by the way
But he was in there this morning and he gave a testimony. I wish we'd have taped that for Charles Alfieri
He looked he looks good. I mean for him. I mean there's a hand on his face for him
He doesn't look good as compared to like the human race, but for him
He looks spectacular. Thanks to Chuck Alfieri and he went on an on any ward on the area
I think but he just it was great. It was very nice. It was very nice Bob. Here is perfect
By the way, you know Eisenberg
He's an asshole. I'm sorry
Yeah, we I have a long memory Bob. Okay, you're not fooling me. He was sucking my ass so hard this morning by long distance
Good God
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and for right and at least I will say this he realizes he's getting like a gift money
Thanks to me, you know, whatever he gets out of these couple of accounts. He's just it's a gift
Hey, you know, do I copy just take the copy over to facts machine from wherever the client is facts it up here to me
And that's it. That's the work he's got to do. It just like stealing just like some other people have gotten to building it on
Appreciate that like Todd Dreck there's a thief. There's people speaking to death rotors people waiting to get executed all of the country for much less crimes than Todd Dreck
Commits every day a man who was stealing from the till every time he takes a commission check this man is stealing
Because you can't complain about the work he does he doesn't do any none zero
Gold with the finger, but he will come in here and hop out of the scale. Oh, I went 165 pounds
Whoopey do a pure
That but you know, that's an interesting pull. I'm thinking about him and Mo
Because you remember I was talking last week about Mo and the fact that somewhere in the midst of that nasty miserable hateful old rotten body
Somewhere in there you find occasionally like a little glimmer of amusement of something that might be redeeming not with Todd Dreck
There's nothing there. It's all bad
Here's Port St. Lucy. Hello
Hey Neil, how are you? Yes, sir. How you doing good first time caller, but listen to you for your I want to talk about I wanted to talk about that nearly
Uh, a long over there, but I before that I just want to echo your thoughts on the Panther draft
I thought they did a heck of a job. Yeah, and they got a couple tough young forward there
You know, they get a good defense for now. It's solid, uh, you know player and maybe they can do this thing back into a playoff
Well, I wouldn't get carried away. I don't I mean they'd have a long way to go
They got to get some established veterans. You can't keep doing his youngsters new organization crap all the time
But I mean they did a good job Saturday now
They got to go out and sign a couple of veteran players who can really contribute and Valerie Burry is not the answer by the way
They bring him back which it looks like they will it's gonna be a nightmare the kid a guy can't play just stiff
No, they're not gonna bring him back are they yes? That's what they were saying. Oh, no
I think you're I think you're a fight out by tomorrow morning today supposed to be the day they decide they're gonna
Because they have to pay most of his salary anyway so they decided they rather bring him back and play then just paying for being someplace else
Oh my god. Yeah, exactly
All right, well, what's the deal with Rivera? I mean he used to be the one descending voice on that station a nincompool box news
Now all of a sudden when I watch him he like still right into line with all of the other moron
Roo stepped right in the line. He's an asshole. Yeah
Yeah, we'll see with her all to it's not about uh
It's not about principle anyways just about him. He always has to be the centerpiece. That's why he slept over to a rack
That's why he slept to Afghanistan. It's always got to be about him, you know
Yeah, it seemed like he after he screwed up over in the
Iraqi war there when he came back he came back with his head between his legs
And they swatted him around a little bit at Fox and said if you want to stay here you better get in line or get out
Absolutely
I think you got it man
Yeah, thanks to your gold dancers all right
Goldie skull baby. They have the number 785 pick. I think way way on down there traded all their picks away nothing exciting
This is the week that the bill waters goes
Anybody care about the least no okay. I'm sorry. Let's do some hockey talk. Let's do a hockey show
Let's get jugs McDonald's you know what my limo driver by the way. Thanks again Ken you know can happen from nationwide the limo
Yeah, picks me up to go to the airport yesterday
He said oh, you know when you were given that nice short the plug you gave me the last time
It was like a little dig in there. Can I notice that see how even I may be older the crap
I may not look very good, which is an understanding but but I don't miss much when you give me that nice quick plug
You know thought nation wide limo there the best can the Halpern is a super guy slugs me all over the place
Is that long enough for what can can't help her nation wide limo
But anyway, he was making a point about the jugs McDonald which I guess one of their limos was picking him up
They're slipping somewhere like maybe the old age place
And he said to me how did he ever get that name jigs
And I thought that's an interesting question
I mean not real interesting, but how would you get in it is that like a real name?
Like a one Irish name might have named you that no
No, no well, where does somebody get like maybe somebody looked at him and said oh the jigs up right that could have been it
Let's get jigs me Tom lot for a hockey show
Of booze at least I won't have to buy no dinners anyway in addition to which jigs don't need no more dinners
28 past 11 at 560 wq and the nial deals keep on rolling out from Tom Lamin and Joe Prieto and all other good
Paisons at halit Pontiac GMC you're going to save a truckload of cash over there
Nial deal number one get yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every
2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock nial deal number two get up to a four thousand dollar rebate on every
2003 GMC and Pontiac in stock all you current and former military personnel get an additional
750 dollar rebate from all your good friends at halit and nial deal number three
least the new two thousand four grand pre GT one for as little as
289 bucks a month it's a 36 month lease talk to our friends at haliford details and right now at haliponiac you can test drive any
vehicle on the lot for 24 hours take it home take it to work can you imagine be an herboy test drive in a car from halip?
Can you imagine that? Oh no, I don't think so he's the one it has a little asterisk on here it says
Unacceptable be an herboy anybody else it's okay
And of course there's always halips got a stupendous big wide selection of certified pre-owned cars
trucks SUVs that you can depend on and they want to make sure you understand that a lot of guys are very
They're terrified to walk into a car lot because then you know they check your credit out
And if your credit's got a blemish on it if it's marginal if it's weak
They wouldn't sell you a car for lover money now to halip they want to make you a deal
Haliponiac GMC you'll find them in 134 one South Dixie highway still going strong for 35 years in the same location on
US one right across in the falls open every day seven days a week if you want more info on those Neil deals called the Neil deal hotline
Tool for a one triple eight five three four forty two eleven one triple eight five three four forty two eleven
Open up and get all the new deals subject to credit approval talk to our buddies in heliport details
Haliponiac GMC is professional grade
Car theft is on the rise
In America a car is stolen every 12 seconds
What can you do to protect your car an expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen
The club won't protect the valuables inside your car
But a big black guy named Ben can get away from the car mother
For less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system and even less than you'd pay for the club
You can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile get away from the car mother
It's simple to use just leave the big black guy name Ben in your car whenever you get out and he does the rest
Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them get away from the car mother
Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy name Ben
It's always nice to have someone to ride with although he really doesn't say much just get away from the car mother
Oh
That's about it. I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with it got him to protect my car. It's the best investment. I've ever made
My name of it isn't I create there have been a lot of car thefts. I can't tell you how many times I've heard it away from the car mother
Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben
Protecting my car let's me sleep better at night call now
1 800 one big guy that's 1 800 one bi g g. You why and instead of hearing this
You'll hear this get away from the car mother
56 to moon at 560 w. I'm happy Monday to hear. Here's a fact from Dan oh
Enable slow that's his initial you got it then
Got it. He says to that absolutely
deserve to be honest list Belkies Naree and Lynn Martinez from deco drive
They're not appealing, but some of them. I know think they're hot
Spilkeys Naree and Lynn Martinez. We know how to spell Belkies Naree
Which he's got to write I believe okay, right? I have never ever heard anyone accuse either one of them of being anything
But I'm not just a nugly and disgusting and right bolting and bush league and amateur hour and grotesque people
I heard that
People have never saw them right
Also, it's this please play the big black guy named Ben in retaliation of these Supreme Court decision
I'm an early applicants maybe given an edge when applying. I just did Dan. Thank you very much
That affirmative and the only good thing you can say about that ruling is if they slap and the push
For the Bush administration all day even though yeah, well, you know, what can I say you cannot
What's the slap and the push there for a w
Man charges sexual abuse and suit against our steamy's this is one of the fine stories
You would have found on our website over the weekend if being a boy had been busy getting in jail for some wreck and driving on a license
And I'm looking on our website right now George. I this is gonna get you very dismayed
You know where we have the bedtime stories right under the um
Stats for liberty to freedom thing there right and the new bedtime story start
It still says conservatism here today gone tomorrow
Now what week did he say he was gonna get these new ones up that I thanks to this morning listen
and
Priest worked at boys home 29 years ago from the uh son sentinel Saturday
A lawsuit alleging that a kindle presexual abused the young boy under a supervision at boys down has been filed against the archdiocese of Miami
All right attorney Jeffrey Herman filed suit Friday and the Miami date circu court against the archdiocese and Joseph M. Huck
A former priest and boys done in the kindle area the suit filed on behalf of an unnamed man who was sent to the residential facilities
12-year-old and 74 alleges that Huck sexually abused him that an archbishop did nothing about it the man is now in his 40s
Archdiocese spokeswoman Mary Ross Augusta could not be reached for comment
Herman said the priest retired in 2002 quoted a lawsuit
The alleged victim was sent to live in boys down where he became an altar boy in institutions chapel and altar boy
What a shock
Reverend Huck routinely took boys out fishing
Maybe he was checking out their trouser trouts
Scrod
Enter the movies and a one of these trips molested the 12-year-old to suit ledges
The suit also claims that Reverend Huck threatened the boy to keep quiet by telling him
I will get you and you will burn in hell
The boy later complained to his house parent and John Pirate the director of the home for boys and was called a liar and punished
When the 12-year-old approached other priests for at the institution for help included the Reverend Gary Weissman and Reverend glory
Who's first name is not mentioned maybe it's a whole comma glory
Holy the boy was told to be quite a coin of the lawsuit the boy also told archbishop McCarthy about the abuse when the archbishop visited one day
The McCarthy told the boy had heard the rumor and that the 12-year-old should not say such things about a priest the law
Oh my god. How do you like that? But of course the archbishop he's in failing health now
So we doesn't say nothing bad about him should we?
See it's good that this see they thought that they were going to have that little meeting down there in Dallas
Or whatever the hell they had it and they were going to like harsh this thing up and you know give give it a lick in a smear as they say you know
Come here, Sonny. Let me give you a lick in a smear
But an ankle in a way is it and here's for the proof of it
This is from news day views from the pews
In an open mic forum that at times turned 10th hundreds of Long Island Catholics gathered at St John de Baptist high school in West
Isle of last night to tell Bishop William Murphy what they thought of him in the sex abuse scandal in the church
I'm ashamed of my church and my bishops said one man whose comments could be heard in the lobby
Another participant lashed out saying where is your conscience added a third your style is that of a medieval monarch and has to stop
For two hours Murphy you had told the crowd of about 350 people in brief interview remarks that he was listening with an open heart and open mind
And maybe even open right to him
sat on the stage in the high school auditorium along with two facilitators and listened intently to the complaints
This is not my night to speak. It's my night to listen and learn. He said I see your presence here is a sign of deep deep love for the church
A love I share. Oh my god
Talk about in denial a total of close to 40 participants who lined up first at the mic were allowed 45 minutes each to make their comments and pose their questions
All but three spoke about these sex abuse scandal
While some of the remarks were withering and underscored a sense of betrayal and anger the general atmosphere remained orderly
According to people who attended and spoke later in the news day two people offered faint defenses of Murphy saying he was doing his best
Under trying circumstances and they appreciate his holding the session. He was holding it for them
People in the audience said much of the night was spent attacking the bishop arrogant was the word used most often said Dan Missola
I like his oil a lot of St. Rose of Lima perish and master Piqua's he left ever been to master Piqua
No, no
Hadn't Harry read of the same parish. He's been criticized for essentially. I'm asked to pick was okay a lot of our rich bastards are there a lot of rich joy in my thing
So there you go. It continues. They thought they were headed under the carpet there
They thought I had it under control and guess what?
They're never gonna go away. Oh, you know who was really blasting in this morning who I usually can't stand because he's a real right wing asshole
That Jack McCavity on CNN how about that because evidently bill a Hummer
Who's not married by the way bill Hummer was making some comments try to like gloss it over little and McCavity just lashed out at him
He just went nuts
Went ape schmid right there on CNN you go, but about time somebody on there said something
Okay here. Let's get back to the pool. Okay. Let's get to the show all the way. He'll kill the first two hours
Oh very nicely. Thank you, Neil. When I good great. It's almost noon already like nothing
Here's a little lesson from Miguel how you killed two hours. Okay, without even breaking a sweat
Have we even said hello yet today? I don't think so. Babylon ramble and who gives a crap?
Where exactly? Absolutely. So here's the pull so far which overrated supposedly hot chick is actually the biggest dog
Okay
107 votes it'd be a lot more than that but Eric
He's busy. He's got issues
and in the call Smith 46
speaking of
Park
Oh, she's wamping your girl Syrgeistica Parker's 32 J. Low 10. Oh so far so two
Two dog race
Mariah Carey's only got nine that is scary
Gloria Stefan 8
Jackie Johnson 2 and no votes for anybody else Maria Barthoromo
Terrible Reed. I don't think Terrible is getting any votes. Bill Keesner Ray and Lynn Martinez
Why would a guy like Tom Brady be going with a dog?
Right. Thank you. It's cute and hot. Yeah
See you're just saying that because you're you're now because you're stucking up with the dolphins
That's the only reason you're doing that
Yeah, that's why that's the reason why you're coming because you're in that promotional thing
You want to suck up the dolphins you're afraid that Tom Brady if he was going with some hot babe
There's an all-g Tom Brady never wanted to look good that one you win the Super Bowl two seasons ago
But also he's got this hot chick that he's banging the brains out of now. You don't want to say that?
Season before last
Wasn't it? Or did they win it again this past year? I don't think so I thought Tampa won a Super Bowl last year
Yeah, they did
So what do you what was that?
I'll see it. You notice how he's trying to throw how he's trying to divert my attention
It doesn't work. I may be old in febrile. Okay, but it don't work Miguel
Same trick that the Ken the limo driver was using about that little comment about that shit a little of a quick play. Give me
Man who the hell are you people kidding? I'm as sharp as a tech. Oh and the good news is you know that weight
Did I log in when I was there? Yeah, it's already gone all right
It is good because I ate almost nothing yesterday and of course you know a lot of it is water bloat from sitting on your ass
All right, but it's it's all gone very good and it is good. Thank thank goodness for that. Thank you
Oh, good. I think I'm gonna go out and get some bacon. I'm thinking about lunch right now
Got some bacon in her hair. You never saw that movie pin
The anerotic psychotic young guy and his sister. She's she's pretty good by the way
What the hell is the actors that plays her she's pretty hot star Jessica Parker
It is not I said she's pretty hot. She's not bad looking at all and either was he as a matter of fact
But he was too neurotic for anybody, but anyway he says what are your thoughts on the dessert?
Where how did he phrase it was one of the most strange lines but I'm not gonna talk movies again the audience could very upset about that
We talking movies. No
In fact didn't watch any over the weekend just so we didn't have to talk about any
Duff did see Requiem for a dream again. He said it was great, but the directors caught was no different than a one he saw originally
So he's probably a little bit disappointed, but it is worth seeing two three four times. What do you say at least?
I've seen it like six seven now you haven't seriously really really well that's that's because you're more into drugs than I am okay
Which is the understatement of the century
You
Serial farm a k a carlos Sanchez beener boy
Top another one Carlos that's it. Oh, yeah, welcome
Got a question for you right now you know dead-end job as college to expensive and it takes two-day him long
If you can afford only ten bucks a month and commit yourself to three nights a week for four months
Our good-close personal friends at fast-rank and we achieve a new high-paying computer career get out of your dead-end and start making some big bucks
That's right only ten bucks a month on three nights a week for only four months for individuals who qualify if you want the information on this
And you probably want to call fast train right now there's no obligation call one eight six six fast train
And because they have four locations all over town is about to be won near by you
We'd be glad to give you the addresses, but of course Todd director wanted to give us that information
Call fast train pull three and one eight six six fast train talk to a train career council
They'll tell you what it's all about fast train offers day evening a weekend schedule job place them hands on training
Call fast train today be sure to tell the Todd director to make that call at one eight six six fast train
Fast trains defer payments valid for a year regular payments apply thereafter
So whether you're a high school student on summer break somebody an underpaid dead-end job working for peanuts for some real smuck
We're just looking to increase your network call fast train and change your life for real call one eight six
It's fast train or check them out on that wicked road wide web at fast train dot com
And local this is 420 560
Michael iser to range wiser it took get to rings to answer what are you doing over there?
I'm sorry. So I just couldn't reach the phone
I can reach the road one ring like that we've been over this I'm sorry get on the ball over there
We all hung over out with your mighty dick. Who sir the hockey kid only and I mighty duck. Oh, what a successful story
Whatever sell it sell it well that team that terrible sir. They're in the Stanley Cup finals
What does that mean? Well, they're in the championship of the national
I say that I'm not in the sports anyway. I'm one of a porn mouse
Horned us forget about the ducks. It's a stupid name anyway. Who came up with it?
Well, I did sir. We remember we had that
Terrible and I see you hanging out with that straight brim on your head
You look like a moron next to Charlie sheen
No, no, no, that was Emilio Estavez the star
They can't it's the same kid
Terrible the mighty duck I mean they really are entertaining. It's a great family. Don't you care up
That's a dick. Oh, what? Hang on a minute. Yes, sir. Oh
Oh my god. What the hell is wrong with you, Ravens? Oh, I'm not feel well boss. You're almost white. Yeah, I'm pale boss
Oh, handsome fan Chinese some fan Chinese. Yeah, I met her downtown boss. Link. Link's a panda
Well, boss, I got the good way for me. It's things like a brewery. Oh my god
God, come on. I said yes sir. Well things are going very well over here
You know we have the mighty ducks in the Stanley Cup final terrible so um and we also have the finding Nemo movie
Which is doing very very well. Let me ask you a question. Yes. Why do I have a check for four million dollars
On my desk and the thing made seventy million what kind of deal do we have with XR?
Well, we sort of
Think you do it. I think I put myself off
Your
We miss
Yes, sir, it can't have to be I
I am
And idiot. Bye, I know. Okay. Well sir, would you like to get to the mighty ducks? I told you to sell the dicks ducks
Change the name of that thing anyway. What's the name of the word? We gotta keep it make it the meases
The meases what are meases me says what a one-moss
That just might yeah, are you correct in me? No, sir
I
Tentill moon at five sixty wq. We got the mad dog coming along to a clock. Hanke chulas four to seven to seven to seven now
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Neil yes, sir. How you doing pretty good? Did you watch me the press yesterday? No, I did not
Howard Dean was on and Tim russard sliced and diced him really he has no shot of winning this
I've seen all the Democratic candidates and there's only one they can be George W. Bush and the answer is
General Wesley Clark. Yeah, I mean he's uh, yeah
He's sniffing around I saw the piece on him yesterday
Well, he may be sniffing around. There's a website called draft
Wesley Clark dot com. Yeah, and he's supposed to announce within the next two months whether you'll run
But you know something I I did see that piece yesterday about him and I watched they showed a couple of clips from his speeches and boy
He's uh, he's not much of a speaker either. He's about as dynamic as a dead frog, you know
Well, I don't know what you watch, but he's been on meat depressed and he was very informative and
But I'm just talking about as a speaker. He just isn't
I guess I don't like him and of course being a general, you know
Remember Eisenhower and all of that crap. I mean America goes for that kind of stuff
He might be the one guy that could win, but he's a dynamic. Well, he's got an excellent biography in addition to being a gentleman before
He's a road scholar. Yeah, he finished number one. Well, so as Bill Bradley was a road scholar too now look how dynamic he was
You know, he couldn't win a first election right, but this guy was a general. He was the supreme ally commander of NATO
He was
Graduated number one at West Point. I think you're wrong when you say he's the only one who could be to my thing Bob Graham could be
But I just don't think he wouldn't have an nation Bob Graham. It's frail. He's not gonna win Iowa
He's not gonna win New Hampshire. He's not gonna win South Carolina
He'll be out of the race by then. I don't think he can win. Then I just say that. I said I don't think he win the nomination
But I think if he ever could get to that point he could win the election
Well, I think I think Bush is very beatable. Well, I disagree. I think Bush is gonna win in a landslide and let the Democrats
nominate General Wesley Clark
Hey laugh all you want
But based on what what is it that sets him apart so heads and shoulders above all the other candidates? What is it?
He's articulate. He's telegenic. He's not articulate
Have you seen him on meat depressed? He was able to let me ask you something
Why do you keep referring to meat depressed? I I didn't see yesterday because I was on route
I was on an airplane. Okay, it's hard to watch on a plane
I do watch meat depressed and how he speaks on meat depressed
Why was he so much more dynamic there than the clips that I saw him making speeches over the weekend
Meat depresses the most important political issue
That's not the point the point is the public doesn't
Cast their voters to border candidate because of how they look on meat depressed
Most people in this country don't watch meat depressed. They wouldn't know what time it's out of where to find it
Have a nice day sir. Why am I arguing with this guy meat depressed did you see him on eat depressed meat the pet had to be that had to be a paint your balls
But call had to be
I pray that it was there had to be a quack
So let me ask you yeah, did you see
Eat the press
Let's see here's one. It says I watched Requiem for Dream the second time over the weekend because there was a lot
I missed the first time could you tell me what happened the first time Harry tried to get his arm looked at the hospital where they arrested uh, yeah
Yeah, they were arrested good good guess
That's how they got from uh the hospital to the slamer. That's that's how they got there
They were arrested. That's why they big sheriff's deputy that big of you for the pusser guy
It with the hat also regarding voting on your polls. I have belts out the ass. I can but I don't vote as many times
I want by well. You know that yeah, don't be given people away. Yeah, we have enough chronic stuff. They're already
So it's not scientific. It's just for fun. Okay, don't be so uptight your facts starts out very good
I'm glad you like the movie and Harry went to the hospital along with the Damon Wayans and he missed the way in and they canceled the fight
5 6 7 0 5 60 it's a great movie and I did thought you know it's not worth it
But this guy he's peddling me you know he's peddling me. I like Bob Graham better than I like Wesley Clark. Yeah, but I know
In addition to which it's only June of 2003. There's a long way to go
It doesn't get serious till the beginning and exterior you got months to go here. Okay
Now if you saw Bob Graham on meet the press
See but you didn't
No, I did not because he was not it was general Wesley Clark
I saw in fact. I was hoping I watched the piece in front of me was that must have been yesterday morning before I left
And there was an extensive piece about a couple of appearances
He made over the weekend and about how he was uh, you know
The meaty was like all following him and all excited about it and he kept playing cool
You know like oh, well, why all you hear all I did was come here to you know to wipe my ass and
I they showed him making a couple of speeches. He was about his dynamic as a frog's fart. Okay
That doesn't mean he couldn't be a great present. It couldn't be a win election
But I'm just telling you this business. He's articular. He was great on me to press
You don't have to be great on me to press you have to be great when you get up there making a speech
And the public is watching another guy day evening news
That's when I'm when you get up there and debate against the god damn composable a liar
That's when you have to be great. I thought he was pretty melee mouth
In addition to which he was just spouting a bunch of uh glittering generalities about nothing in particular
And these two speeches he was made in say anything as opposed to Bob Graham who dissect bush and talks about the god then
Um the real threat with a Hess-Belon is country and about how they kept all this information from the god
Them said it intelligence committee. I mean Bob Graham or our grant you maybe he can't win
But he's been dynamite. That's our god damn senator. He's been excellent
He's been one of the few people of the god damn congress with a pair of balls
He's been one of the few democrats that there's to say anything
All the other ones are like sticking their god damn finger off the window to see which way to web
Well, when does blowing which way to polls or blow because they're afraid he might the shoot themselves in the god damn foot
Including Tom Dachel is a real piece of crap a real melee mouth and Nancy Pelosi the same thing. Okay Bob Graham's got a pair
Right right loving. I'm not gonna apologize because I like Bob Raymond this guy's gonna be where he's the only one like he knows it
He knows it, you know he gets your own talk show pal
Everything he says is a fact
Like more Howard David had same thing in fact. Maybe you and moe could do the god damn show gellie wants out
Speaking of that gellie spot speaking of that yes, I had forgotten in all of the other other other operas going on and
This is which our website still got the same old crappy stories. Yes
Supposedly someone is denying vehemently ever making that phone call to Joe Rose
Yeah, yeah, I don't believe it
There's this is the same is this the same person who vehemently denied that he got the beast kicked off his show
And Carol in the same thing. I mean look let's face it moe you you know you're
Your credibility on scale is zero is minus infinity. Absolutely. Yeah, you have no credibility
Every time he gets caught with his guy damn mouth down with a big fat mouth
Debitch in this one out and try to pull crappy on the scene always in vehement that off
Just like when he first came to town a business with Bill Zimper remember that sure
And Zimper said that he resented the fact that moe was after his job to do the dolphin play by plan
I resent bitterly it's an attack on my credibility. But but always the same bull crap
Okay, the same pontificating horse crap. Everybody in a world can smell it. Oh, that's from mode is
Oh geez, let's confess it was Boka Brian doing his voice making those call that must have been a Boka Brian. Here's Boka Brian from
Boka
Yeah, or maybe it was Howard from Boka. Yeah, maybe that's who it was
We know who the hell it was denying vehemently because he got caught with his pants down there. That's the way it is mo
Got caught with his goddamn checkered pants down
1157 three-till-nooned QA and boy these two hours went flying by and we haven't even sat down who to start to show you had that's where I like it
And in the cool smith on a run away see I would have voted for her, but I can't believe it anybody thinks she's hot
No, not since I mean she's disgusting. She was in playboy. We know way back when before she drippled in size. Oh
So that's like yeah
Although someone just facts day a a reminder. Yes makes me want to change my vote
Of Pamela Anderson. Oh, yeah, your favorite. Yeah, I saw her on TV over the weekend somewhere
I saw her on the tube over the weekend
She's so Jessica
In fact, she was spreading all kinds of sexually transmitted diseases all over my screen
You know summertime and soft Florida guarantees three things count them heat humidity and hurricanes
You know you can't control the weather, but you can control how you protect your home during hurricane season
The hurricane shudder and window shop provides the best hurricane protection with one call to the hurricane shudder and window shop
They'll be at your home the next day with a quote for hurricane shudders windows indoors customized engineers specifically for your home from panels
The courtians roll up shutters impact resistant windows indoors the hurricane shutter window shop will not be at a sold
They'll beat any written legitimate quote because you're buying direct from the manufacturer and wholesaler when you do business with these folks
Call the hurricane shutter window shop toll free
1-800-538-0191
They also offer cash and care for all you do yourself handyman out there
So if you're really serious about hurricane protection customized engineers specifically for your home
Call the hurricane shudder and window shop at 1-800-538-0191
The number again is 1-800-538-0191
And be sure and tell them that crusty ancient neal told you to call
Turn left
Yes, David
Like I said, be sure and tell them
Fyde and the local
This is five cities
The radio's all yours
Q-A-M
Well, it beat at 12-1-1-1-1-1-1-W-Q-A-M
Ladies and gentlemen
If I could offer only one tip for the future
Act strange and people will leave you alone
The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own meandering experience
Put a slinky around your neck and try to walk downstairs backwards headfirst
Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crispsies and singing feelings while the kernels go snap crackle and pop
Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head to the hole where they say how much
Rick a stranger
Tell him you're from Bosnia and your country it's a sign of respect
Absolutely
Take lots of pills one of them might work
Occasionally ask the stranger if they've heard anything from Lewis
Be annoying
During an IRS audit staple the guy's hand to his desk
Moon a funeral
Play go fetch with a scene. I dog while he's working
Run naked through a mall yelling killer bees killer bees
Say the word titty without smiling
Try to figure out who said Paulie Shore should star in movies
Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids
Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it
Disappear for great lengths of time
Try to touch your forehead with your tongue
It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort
At a high school reunion tell your old English teacher that your dog's still eating your homework
Ask Mark McGuire. He'll take a million dollars for one of his balls
Try to find the secret to care atop success
Understand your conception was an accident that your parents got wasted and wanted a few more last before they passed out
Try not to lose your finger in your nose
Take a bobcostis and toss them on the lawn next door
Go on a car trip with bobcostis and force a disdainous car seat
Try to dribble bobcostis
Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness
Knowing you you've done some crap that's really pissed them off
Wish no ill willed anyone
Unless you don't like them then screw them around their own
Realize anyone who says they're completely happy are completely full of crap
Ask a hellz engine if he's a woman or has he always walked like that
Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them
Smith and old lady
Imagine gomer pile in the gay bar trying to get lucky
Do this without laughing
Find what's left of your innocence
Understand it embrace it
Protect it and it is so often take it out for a nice nash
Caron of not to care
Home while you eat
That's strange and people will leave you alone all right
Provo five at five sixty W.D. Kim and by the way mo take off those checkered pants
He's in denial again. That's that's a hoot
That's just oh and and let me just tell you one thing during the break
You know what they finally came into mind a little slow you know the punk that was calling about meat depressed
Yeah, that punk is the same when it was called last election
I forget I don't remember what the topic was but it was the same thing and we'll call air
Everyday would have said oh and you've got to think this and you've got to support you remember that of course
I don't think all the time what it's a political thing. Oh my god
And not only does he call but he gives instructions as to what we're all supposed to think and what we must do
And who we must support blow it out your ass schmuck. Okay, don't call us again without garbage
You'll be on about a second and a half get lost
He's he's almost as potter as that the schmuck's are for Miami to cause online. I need we're doing including today right out of the box
Him and the retire guy those two guy maybe they can get the pad to get this somewhere
Yeah, maybe they can move it in
Here's our poll question today which overrated supposedly hot chick is actually the biggest dog
255 votes, which is astonishing because we have all kinds of issues with our website this week so far
Off through kind of a rocky start and in the cold smith 100 nice even number 100 for that bitch
Sirica Jessica Parker 75 you're not doing bad what
Sirica Jessica I'm saying that land purpose. I know I like it better that way
Cheesy I think I'm like totally retarded. Sirica Jessica park parker park park park park park it in her
The glorious glorious step on 23
J. Low 20
Mariah scurries got 13 should have more than that
Don't spill keys in the ray is god nine Maria Bartoromo five. Well, I hate that bitch Jackie Johnson will get a little bit. She's got four
highly overrated Jackie you do a nice weathercast, but uh, you're not in a no big deal believe me trust me when I tell you
The in fact the same guy is the same guys that ugl over Maria Bartoromo. That's bad. That's a little bit of a shot
Well, but it's the same concept, you know
See there's a certain group of people out there both heterosexual and homosexual and that is that the person that has the right body parts that they're attracted to
It doesn't make any difference anything else is not relevant, you know
And in other words it but she's got a vagina and the least one breast and maybe an ass
Then that's he's hot, you know she's hot. You know that crowd. Oh, yeah like the beast
I would say clearance, but in his case, I think indifference would be his vote
We ought to bring him like a team real bad reuse psychologist
Try to get to the bottom of that because they're like a test
Yeah, if yeah, I think I think uh, that's that's the test where what you do is you take clearance and you sit them start naked in a chair
You time up time to the chair and they put that that those things they tie like the sex offenders
They put the the troids the electrodes on your exactly they put the electrodes on his penis and then they show them a naked picture of Tom Brady
They show them a naked picture of Britney Spears and then they show them a naked picture of Tom Brady
And we see what happens, okay, just kind of like spontaneously automatically
Squirt squirt what happens with clearance
So work on that while I'm away, okay, can I get back to my pull result here?
Uh Jackie Johnson for limb Martinez three who in the hell is limb Martinez? Let's put them on the phone
That's right. She's the other one was spielkeys the ray on that awful show that awful that show is the epitome what's wrong with channel seven
Oh, it's big on the channel seven you see who's coming back to do a talk show on channel six
No, Ricky. Yeah, Ricky Tiki
That was another puff piece by jikad that would have been on our website over the weekend
I had that story in there, but unfortunately our website had a little bit of a problem named Carlos
Terra reads got appear
Yes, she does a lovely pair according to Tom Brady
See I've seen the pictures. I just it doesn't mean about this moment, but I've seen American pie
Yes, she was the blue-eyed blonde girl
Who what's wrong with her? I know who you're talking about. She's cute. She is cute
I got this for a Tom Brady wouldn't be uh, he wouldn't be boning some nasty piece of crap or yeah
That's a Miguel thing that's the dolphins and just he jealous
That's the one that was going up with Chris Klein, but the other one
Whatever have it a Chris Klein butter when he vanished. No, he's still doing stuff. I guess. Is he? I don't see him no mo
And Pamela Anderson who just wanted there only moments ago a George was foaming at the wild
I wish he had a chance to change his vote
Swicken vote about 10 times for that bitch that disease infested bitch Pamela Anderson's got appear on
Keen they're not real, but she's got appear 266 votes
That's not too bad considering all the grief we've had with his website today
Now what's he uh, the same Miguel's got today off tomorrow
And I guarantee a high paid guy like him is not going to be coming in tomorrow on his day off to like try to fill the breach right
He doesn't put his deadbeat that we got now
If you ask me to all come in
And you don't say that. Oh, don't be such a pussy Jesus
Don't be a pus. He's a trooper wait. We don't want a trooper one of God. It's his hey. I can't do that
This guy supposed to show up for for his job
Lastly, it was some other bullshit story about he had to go up there
Does daddy had to go pick him up and take him to Boka and pick up his new car with the air conditioning on all these stories
No more stories no more excuses
Jesus Christ I'm a hundred years old even I show up with me guy damn day for this crap because I like the paycheck
Okay, first in his case, maybe they just won't be no more projects way of thing. No, probably not not not for Wana
And look how far you have to commute that's right all the way from my guy damn bedroom into here about six feet
What I'd trip that is after drag my ass out of bed
Can I mention by the way how much we liked 10 to two? Oh, yeah, whoa
How this how this is giving me my life back after they took it away. They stole it away. You bastard. You heartless bastard you
56705 60 will take some more calls. I'm just rambling. I don't know why I like it a lot
Why do you like the bedtime stories to look how that went over? The fact that you like it is not a very good witness to that
You probably like a screw me the screw the press to
Eat the press now that guy's a hoot. He's just he just calls and pontificates keeps repeating the same thing over and over again
The hook this time was meet the press. He was very articulate. He stunk on his speeches, but he was great on meet the press
By the way, if there's one guy that makes me my skin crawl. It's Tim russert. Oh, he is just ooh
He is brutal. In fact, Tim russert's a guy that helped get you a bush back in again in Florida
You do know that don't you? Yes, he sliced up Bill McBride
He made the all kinds of you know illusions to attack cut that what attacks increased. There wasn't really come
He just he screwed up the whole election
And by the way you folks in Florida with your crappy education system and with a governor that's trying to do a tap dance
Still about the guy damn amendment the class size amendment. You've got exactly what you deserve a real piece of crap man
a real piece of third
A bush by any other name would think the same
What about I always told you the more devious and dangerous and lion and full of crap they are whether it was role martinis
Whether it was who's the guy in brown at the sunrise John Lamello right they like it
They like crooks they like gangsters they like liars. They just like mayor pinga pecania. There's another one for you
Like I said, I wonder who smear and hoof rollers a new joint the burger king and the pizza how to express it the airport
12 minutes Pat all the way do like pizza to express
Don't you close when I was there yesterday. I like pizza hot
What did I call it pizza hot express? Yeah
That's what it is. Oh, you just don't like their pizza right come on
I'm talking about like if we were in a place like that. I'm not saying I would order from there
I see and especially when we're doing the pizza loft spot next
There would probably be a bad idea and I've got the copy in my hand right now and you're talking about pizza hot
Did I just say pizza blows? Yeah pizza hot pizza hot is industrial strength. As a matter of fact
They they rule it out of a conveyor belt. It's got a flavor. I just can't uh
No, no, but the flavor is in the dough and they write it through that conveyor belt
So it's it's it's all the same. It's got that that thing
The thing in it
Whereas at pizza loft they they whip it in the air they even go in there and see Jeff whipping it around and then the
Crush too the dough
You ever see me there whipping it around all the time
Jeff is the master when it comes to great Italian cuisine and the pizza loft is going stronger than ever over there in Davie
Now in plantation with two great-broward locations every Monday like tonight
It's lasagna night at the loft every two days egg-ply night
I'm these nights you buy one of these dinners and get the second dinner for only five bucks every Wednesday kids
He free with it also they can see Jeff's famous magic show and Thursday is viked at the pizza loft come on a motorcycle
Squirt squirt by one dinner get the second one for half price and they got combination dinners waiting for you to
If it's your introduction to the pizza loft if you and a gang haven't been there before
Get one of these combo dinners because you can try a little bit of this and a little bit of that
They got chicken dishes and veal and seafood three different kinds of great pizza calzones all your pasta favorites
Super subs and a best garlic rolls in history
You'll never break the bank at pizza loft because the portions are gigantic and the prices are teeny and tiny
I'm university driving to engraved in 595. That's the Davie location for take-off delivery or catering call 954
916 80 80
954 916 80 80 and don't forget to want to plantations easy to forget because you can't see it from the road
But it's worth the zippin in there because the food is just as great the prices just as low and the service as friendly with a big smile on their
Post that's in a corner of Navhilon sunrise right behind Walgreens called 954 3a2
19 I've known for a real treat anytime lunch dinner late nights next you're gonna love the world famous pizza loft
Oh
Forno star hey how you doing what it would be in this x-rated film guys or girls
Oh
Are those breasts real or fake oh you want to have sex with Peter North or Ron Jeremy first?
Both will you need a thousand dollars or two thousand dollars per scene both you want cheese or meat on your pizza
Both I am a meat lover. I'm in the mood for a hot slice of pie myself
Pizza slut could even sluts eat pizza
1217 at 560 get over there to pizza loft and watch chef whip it in the window
You know the reason there was that glitch here at the beginning of that bit. Yeah, you're probably wondering
Not really. I was listening to something now. Have you ever listened to something to book a bride in bid in the DCS called pizza loft a hoist? Yes
Yes, and what is it? Does yours sound like the magic of the universe like that my finals tomorrow and I just know
I'm gonna flunk it which would be a disaster because then I'll get stuck
No, let me let me find out wait a minute magic of the universe
My it is my cousin Vinnie from all
Then another in other words. I don't what is that extraneous stuff on earth at the beginning?
Whoever put this in here, there's like
The magic of the universe. It's why it's wrong is what it is. Oh, it's wrong
No kidding
You mean with the missing eight second gap. It's wrong. Thank you very much George. I had a feeling it might be wrong
Absolutely. Yeah, whoever put that in their throat out there. Oh
Well, at least we know it wasn't be near boy
No, let me take a look since we're talking about be near boy. Let me take a look on our famous website neo-rangers.com
And let me click on where it says today's featured stories, okay?
In underneath where we got the L president they do it as usual tap dance and we got the cartoons and the gross pictures of all those
Mamed and wounded children in Iraq and the Estatur Liberty
Consurbitism here today and gone tomorrow
How do you like that?
We got the same lame story in fact pretty soon the audience would be able to recite these by heart like it's some kind of an exam
Thought of what I'm saying meet the press. That's where the that's where these stories are from
Here's the call from Lake Worth. Hello
Little male. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing great? Hey, listen a couple things. I went to the pizza law last week at a great time
Good lunch 499 three slices in a coke man can't beat that okay very good
Second thing is that tomorrow on Sundance to showing happiness at 11 p.m. Great and just want to know if there are any eggs out there
I need to be looking for during that movie
What does that mean?
No, just like any particular scenes that are good or anything. Oh the end of it
All the end of it. Don't miss the ending. Well, I'm just telling you this you know a lot of movies have a bad ending
This one has a great ending okay
Okay, well, I just want to inform that I know a lot of listeners probably want to catch that movie
So if you've got cable and you get better after they're finished with meat to press they can catch your happiness
Thanks, palmy take care buddy see when he said are there any eggs there to watch for you?
So I'm saying he's like I don't know if I don't say no don't don't start using that as spread most people
I talk to even like people that seem to be fairly computer-libert. They don't know what that is
e-ex.com got it Easter eggs e-ex.com
I'm sure it doesn't list all of the Easter eggs on all the CDs and
VVDs and VVDs but it's got a whole bunch
All right, you didn't like the ending in that movie you said it could have gone on a lot more until it finished
Well, you always say that about every movie no anything is satisfactory to you
You said the same damn thing about Magnolia which by the way Muffsa Magnolia and even he liked it
Yeah, well
Well, what now, oh brother what does that mean well well what mystery with you
That's not the point you there was something you were gonna say there that's what I was gonna say
No, it wasn't see you're getting like mo now you do you do some crap and then you back away from it like last week
Try to drag poor clearance out of the closet
What a what a blow that would be to the reputation of a sports station
To have a program director who turned out to be a fact that that would be bad
You know what I'm saying never heard such a thing
It is unacceptable to the macho sports audience
They would be credibility of wql would go right in the turlid
So don't be spreading crap like that. It would be very detrimental to the mental health of qa m
234 votes. We're making a little bit of progress here now that Eric finally got his fat act together
Speaking of that and it calls from 122
Syrogesica Parker 94 or a Syracurgesica Parker right glorious Stefan
Oh, look at that's only a two-hoss race a two-dog race
Gloria Stefan's only got 26 J-Lo 23 in spite of the protestations of
Well, of course, you know Cubans they like big ass. Yeah, the girls the girls hot
So ready to that and let me say to get a guarantee that this woman has never seen at least not in person a real penis
I would bet your life on it. How do you like that? How about a fake one?
Maybe maybe a stump penis
That's possible like the one that Ben Affleis got
Mariah Carey 18 should be in the race 17
Pam Anderson's moving up the list George. You should be pleased. She's got seven
Maria Bartoromo 5. Why and not only do I despise her but I can't stay in the way she says her
Maria Bartoromo. Oh, I can't stand that bitch
I'm a rea you look so lovely today
Let me say it for the eight minute time the people of public's only wish they had bags that big to put your groceries in
Jackie's Johnson's tied with Maria 5 that's bad. Jackie's a hot hell a lot better looking than Maria Bartoromo
That's bad
Flynn Martinez for from the spielkeys in the race show and terror reads in last place with three seeming how we told you
You're just jealous. He doesn't like her because she has no ass whatsoever
So what does that continue with anything a lot depending on who you're talking to? Oh, that's right
He's got JLo well, maybe you could shave about half a jalo's ass off and like slap that baby right on
Well on tarazasse. Hey, there's enough for four enough for a family of six
5.6 7.05 60 pound 5.60. I got a good Jimmy Bristland article. I'm gonna read. I don't want to read I got a couple more here. Huh? Who's that?
That's what my girls probably asking where where does he live in Cuba
Haha
Good guy, but so one oh here. Look at this meet the press isn't for anybody with age of 85. Oh, this is a good facts
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha. You see what it says on the bottom? Uh-huh
Juice join us in creating excellence
I said if they didn't see the movie they don't want that man
And if they didn't see the movie uh-oh, we don't care. Right. If you haven't seen Rick v. M. Produe and by now we we can't help you
We can't help you
It says meet the president for anybody in the age of 85
Absolutely correct sir. Tim russard is a complete whore and moron with absolutely no integrity who cares what he does
I'm voting for Graham. He's the only one who guts it says
I've never donated money for political cost, but I sent a heart box to his campaign
I'm very proud of him. He should at least get the vice presidential nomination
I'm terribly voting for these safe choice from now on I vote my conscious. Thank you very much. We got a winner
Let's see here's the facts
Tomorrow's poll should be people who need to get over themselves
Rich Sanchez
Bruce Willis
Shmit and then it says my boss
Then this is from Simone. I'll I'll
Here's one that says what's the big deal with whether girl Jackie Johnson?
She's another blonde chick with fake boobs
If yours wants to take a look at a real weather woman check out Jackie Garrito the weather girl on univision in the morning
Jackie Garrito seen her big ugly nose. It says she's got fake boobs
But thick thighs and a great ass to mad. I'll be checking that out if everything's already seen it great body
Big honk oven. I truly wonderfully built his spanic body
Sayer name sayer name again
Her name is Jackie Garrito
Asoulos
I figure pardon
He's writing it down
Jackie
Garrito
Asoulos way more since it's too been pps we found any mass destruction weapon
No, no our weapons a nice deception it. We're still looking we'll plant them. I mean we'll find some sooner or later
When he gets really heavy duty they won't put some crap in her. Oh look what we found
But it does say me to the USA on well
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T of Verizon wireless line. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello
Neil God. Yes sir speaking
Hey, um for you were a what was it on the Joe Rose show this last Saturday about the mo call the fact that
Apparently mo call management and had them interrogate the two producers to find that Joe was lying or not lying
Yeah, okay, so to make sure that you knew about that. Well, what does that mean? Well, in other words what happened is
This last Saturday on the air a big heart on yeah
Exactly. Yeah Joe mentioned that that
So I'm just just Joe stand by the story that it was him who made the call no absolutely absolutely and it had a fact
He even on the air he even asked Dave Hagen whether or not
Mo would actually make the call and of course you know Dave Hagen being the wimp that he is kind of
Equivicated and basically said well it was someone who started like him, but no it was very clear that Joe was standing by his story good for you
Always like that Joe Rose man hey
I mean, what everything about about Westie Clark, you know, he really does have a a a very impressive resume and everything
But you know, it's it's way too premature to say that you should be somehow unwanted the candidate
I mean I asked I asked the guy specifically based on what now
He did was give me a bunch of bull crap about how he's articular which he is not and he was great on me to press
I mean if that's all he's got going for him save the time right and
And it's actually no domestic record whatsoever now I will say this did you ever get a chance to read the
David Halberstam's book War and Time of Peace no I
Really hardly recommended and in the last quarter of that book it really spends a lot of time talking about cost of
Oh, you know the battle in 1999 yeah, and that really is Clark's
Story actually and it really just revealed a lot of the pluses and and frankly a lot of the minuses of his personality
If anyone's really considering you know, I think he's weak. I think he's very weak
I think anyone's because I was watching I was watching those tips this weekend on the news
And I was sitting there was like rooting for him like you know come on and say something and be a little bit forceful
And really and he was just didn't say anything
Yeah, I'll tell you what I think good ticket would be his grand the Clark
Okay, all right. Thank you sounds good to me
5 6 7 0 5 what did you say about Moe you can kiss my rear end?
Okay, so in other words he stands by the story and Dave Hagen
I mean he may be waffling a little bit, but he would know see if was some punk that would you know work there about five minutes
Dave Hagen would know it was Moe right right and I just got the story from him
Think I just heard from Dave saying what they made him an offer he couldn't refuse
Really really well, I'll be damn
So in other words the pressure is on and they're trying to like backtrack at us because well
What differences and make it this point Moe? I mean you're you're done anyway
You're done you've you've cooked your own goose everybody to building hates you like poison
Too late
29 past noon at 560 WQM hurricane season is here before storm hits you
You always put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home like everybody else
But what about the roof of your house?
The so may paint factory makes roof mastic
It's a roof coating that can help you hurricane proof your roof so may as roof mastic saves hundreds of roofs as it did during
Hurricane Andrew while unprotected roofs were peeling off and flying away
So may also has waterproof coatings for every kind of roof under the sun called the so may paint factory at 305
633
6333 the so may paint factories the oldest quality paint and waterproof coating manufacturing the entire state of Florida
So may will save you money because they eliminate the middleman markups
They sell to everybody at wholesale prices that are 60% lower than what you'd pay for national brands at retail stores
So protect your home and property from South Florida's tough brutal tropical climate with the best paints and waterproof coatings
At the best prices call the so may paint factory at 305 6333 333 or find them on the web at so may dot com
You save yourself a crap load of money when you buy directly from these so may SOMA why so may paint factory
Be sure and tell me old Neil told you to call it's 305 6333 333
Just keeps getting bigger
Welcome back to the highly rated old Howard and David in the show
I would income I own
Stravigation okay stupid worry we were doing this
No, you were doing that for me. Oh, yeah, sorry mo
That's better
Oh
Chris
I didn't see you could trade it here. Okay, oh
Ronde
Now you Chris
Carter
Ronde gets me
That's that's it that I'm my watch you
Ronde
He's a player
Kung Fu grip sorry mo we got one about three-feverium potent colors on the line him WQ I am what you want
You know
I just
Spitted out
You know the static got their thing you're saying what do you know?
Very cook
All head down. Oh, that's quite a bit simple. Why are you sometimes?
I'm out
Yeah, you'll be
Almost there
Say
5,000 people visited the hospital 10 miles south of Boston and hospital
Staffers expect another flood of visitors this week
The Virgin Mary she used to be on the bank building in where was it? Tampa clear water in clear water
That's it and then she went up in Atlanta or somewhere in some a little bum fork place in Georgia
On some then build a window of some building and now she's hanging out near Boston on a hospital building the Virgin Mary
She sure gets around oh she
Does Tony wet yes? I interviewed some people and kind of recreated what happened in the
You interviewed some people that's right. Yes for Howard insisted that they find out which producers were responsible for spreading those lies
Yes, Clarence asked Dave Hagen to come into his office and ask them if that if he was absolutely sure if that was Howard who
Wait a minute and I know because Dave Hagen he don't beat around a bush. It was a one-word answer. Absolutely. Yeah
Absolutely. Yeah, there it was and then Clarence said all right just to be sure I want to ask you one more time are you absolutely sure that that was Howard who called
Absolutely. Oh I see and David said absolutely not
So in other words there's the real story then there's the convenient to a sooth over old most story like there always is we have to pass
A fighting old fart with the truth about how he's a curmudgeon out of control and can't stop interfering and being an asshole and then there's the politically correct story that I like to smooth it over.
And I'm going to tell you one thing about both Duff and about Clarence he may be gay what a hero. Both of them are real pussies. Okay not that that's a bulletin okay but they're real pussies.
In like a real place of business they wouldn't be interrogating all the underlings because by now how long does it take before you finally catch on follow what I'm saying no what are you saying I'm saying that even the slowest of the slow the dumbest of the dumb the most
Retardor of the retarded would by this point finally have caught on to what that was going on with the sky if he said it was Monday you check the counter you go out and take questionnaires in a parking lot like what they is just to be sure that's the
level of his credibility done exist no and so they're interrogating there that are grilling these people like he does this every time I didn't do that where do you get your information that's usually the
response where do you get the information like to think with the beast and then of course he intimidates these punks it's always the underlings like poor little
Dave Hagener he's a good guy he never still afraid train he does a good job he shows up every day he's not a smith
disturbing he don't cause any trouble he's not called up people out of the shows telling him what the hell to do and what to say what not you know what I'm saying but he does like free
bacon there you go well good you're okay in our book Dave don't take any crap from that crusty old man next thing you know he'll be wanting you to
clean out his bag for him every morning just stay the hell away from that turd literally anyway here's a great pull I in a good news is I always told you good news is
oh there's the new bedtime stories I was just looking at him on our poll before we freshened one away from there but the new stories are up I told you it's only 12th
the last of 1230 now you're the guy that brought Carlos in there you discovered him under the overpass being the sensitive
spec that you are you want to help him out and now you're turning on him where's the stories Carlos where's the
all morning long vision and morning and carrying on about my money yeah about my deepest and the fact of the matter is he's got all these other issues to deal with
he got the new stories on here and they're right there they are for you to peruse I mean there's what's the big hurry it's 145 degrees in the shade
the goddamn mosquitoes are the size of bowling balls why is anybody in a big hurry they'll get over to the website they'll
eventually hop on it had a mosquito attack me in the car while it was driving down the highway and Miguel to yesterday oh no it'll
west it'll stop me oh you know it's it's very appropriate that Miguel should be there today because I will say this for
him as much of a pussy as he is when I was down there last week he was the one one of the yet to and the
I will get to the other momentarily but he's one of the two guilty parties who actually didn't come in
to it was pretending to put like a you know his t-shirt over his nose because he didn't want to catch
stars because I didn't go into incubation for 10 days in fact you know something I think it's a good idea now I'll go into
incubation for 10 days quarantine which means I'll have to I'll have to like did I say incubation and quarantine for 10 days
which means I have to lock the studio lock myself out on the outside yeah that sounds good to me in fact 10 days I think it
sounds like perfect timing you could lock it until we get that other schedule going but somebody else who was in the studio and
and also was screwing up our show I should mention the over remember the day he was in their school with the equipment and
messing up my overhead screwing up the goddamn speakers I don't want to mention that was our great chief engineer George I'm
going to ask a little Corso should we mention that no no now let me ask you since you're there now Miguel although you
probably pull a you know a Dave Hagen and like you know turn the key everybody so damn intimidated that god damn
place who was in this meeting when this discussion took place about am I going into quarantine when I came back to town one moment
please yeah who was in that meeting where this discussion took place of what are we going to do when Neil comes
back from Toronto with the SARS thing we better have him go into quarantine for 10 days I was in a meeting you weren't in the
meeting so I was I'm not in those type of meetings so in other words you were just pussy by a fallout once you heard
about are you decided also you'd be a pussy yeah basically what up just play with so so typical man such a typical
Cuban they talk a good game and then they was out man just just like a fart at him and they run like a
bunch of little girls there he goes speaking of Cubans it says this is a good pull what calamity will be
fall Carlos aka beener boy next eight gets get evicted from his someone to the overpass B deportation C gets
herpes is a result of last week's alleged sexual encounter D gets reassigned to the moment Gellie show E gets fired
FAC breaks out in the new car or G gets busted with Alice Penga Pakenny during a prostitution
thing yeah I like that last one thank you Josh just as have a great vacation I wonder if that's Josh
Cortis oh and you know why am I going like Josh Cortis I don't like Josh Cortis no okay
because anytime which is very rarely that we have like a guy that looks pretty decent that comes
into building where he hates him always hit a JP like poison they know JP they had you what do you
mean you didn't know JP I don't think they're pretty fast how how's that possible I've only been here
four years yeah and it's not four years that JP departed I get out that Georgia's life on that right
now okay by George right this yeah right any guy that comes in and looks good because Miguel wants
he wants to be the hot shot on the block you know he wants to walk around with his all a jewelry and
his marlins outfit and you know strutting around like I look at me you know he doesn't wear jewelry
well that's the problem he ought to that's the problem maybe that's why you got this Cuban hang-up
all these years you got to start wearing a lot of expensive jewelry more bling bling baby I mean
I got to start a lot that all my neck got to start walking with many many chains around your neck
glass of chains human chains and gold 1242 a 560 QM we're killing some great time today I feel good
about this show today because we haven't taken too many calls and I know I feel like what huh good
coffee this morning coffee's been great the bacon was outstanding yeah in fact I may eliminate some
of it right now I don't have no bacon that's the only thing I missed I hate to say that to you the
only thing I missed from being in that station all I said all we had a good time last week how
he's trough of bay head every we had a never ending party now maybe how he's going to like to
send me up some bacon here to Toronto what do you think a little barrel full of bacon it might be
a little bit on the gamey side by the time it gets here but who the hell cares a speaker of that
if you run the Atkins die which bacon is okay it's okay it's okay there's only too much it'll kill
you if you run the Atkins or any of their low carb sugar free died you need to know about a great
store do you like the West bokeh it's one of a kind it's number one low carb store at the universe
they've got over 900 low carb sugar free products in the store it's an entire store dedicated
to you and your dieting needs and delights introduces new ones every month in this month no exception
try their new low carb instant cup of soup just add water and pop it in the microwave a low
carb me am in the cup in four delicious flavors check out the new simply low carb muffins for a quick
breakfast your your own individual size cheesecake don't forget about syracadisica Parker
almond snack cakes blondies and six different delicious flavors at last chocolate crisp and
chocolate mint bars and the good news about these is they have no maltitol oh thank the lord
the new sweetener does not have that effect carburetory ready to drink chocolate vanilla
shakes it's a low carb meal in the can and check out Judy's low carb peanut brittle unbelievably
great taste and very very few carbs and the list goes on and on they got your low carb hot cocoa
apple cider blondies and brownies and incredible selection of low carb pastas and sauces and
dressings and chips and chocolates and their world famous carbolite ice cream come in and try
them all at the lights you can always try before you buy it and they're staffing those
dieting inside and out they're open every day 10 to 10 on the northeast corner of glades
wrote in 441 right next to Boston market column tool free at one eight seven seven low carb
or shop them on the web at lowcarb.com the lights of west bokeh make no mistake it's your official
atkins retail center my and look oh this is for trade oh by city
you
oh my god your breasts are beautiful with the cast of bay watch des before shooting a scene
hey guys you know what do you think about my breasts you think you know they look okay
and you think my nipples need to be hard yeah maybe a little ice in the nipples or something
yeah maybe a little bit about my bowl do you think my bowl is okay
oh yeah forget about your balls when you think about my ass of my ass
oh my ass looks nice oh yeah all right it's gonna be great for seeing you all right oh yeah
your nipples are erecting now oh yeah the ice is perfect oh I forgot my lines we gotta talk
I think so
147 most popular TV show in history around the world baywalk did you know that
no I'm talking about worldwide that's not in the USA most popular show Germany it's the most
famous and popular show ever that's because they like that David Hasel they love David has
I think they hate David Hasel they like her and they like the kid with a black hair what's his name
David Charvet now I'm not David Charvet he's a oh man what do I know from bay watch
the one that was on at soap opera whose name I can never remember we go through this every time
I don't want to know a Billy warlock very good all right I came up with a first thing
it sure came up with a last name good between the two of us we have half a brain
Billy's warlock how is that syracadgesica Parker doing it's the dog in the hog in the lead
the hog and the dog and in the colesmith 149 which overrated supposedly hot chick is actually
the biggest dog thanks again to whoever facts that pool and I like it 416 and in the colesmith 149
but syracadgesica Parker's on her ass with 113 she's in a running a lot of rooms on her ass
glorious stephons got 40 she's starting to pull into a solid third place glorious stephon
and I think not because just she looks so bad which everybody agrees but because we can't stand
her we just find her obnoxious I bet you Miguel Icer he's on the see you see that I bet you
he always talked to me when I'm on the phone yeah yeah okay good excuse Gloria as stephon
she used to be rocute you like her I used to I'm not talking about how she looks I mean just as a
person okay an excellent person I don't know I'm not gonna discuss it with you I don't want to
put you on a spot I understand that you're very very sensitive about these things you're an
emotional basket case anybody who was ever had like even a Cuban meal anybody's the aid in the
Cuban restaurant Miguel gets very defensive and sensitive about it okay plus one ever say as I like
you Jennifer Lopez 29 JLo and Miguel's really upset about that he thinks she's smoking 31 now she
just went up as I said that spielkeys in array 27 although like you said who would ever say that
she's hot maybe even blind mic wouldn't say that my my my yeah spielkeys in array 27 Mariah
scary 23 she ought to be doing better than that with that one nasty breast she is slimy man Pamela
Anderson 15 late addition which he's moving up nicely Maria Bartoromo 7 Jackie's Johnson 7 we
can't seem to separate Maria and Jackie get a hose Lynn Martin what do you call them hose Lynn
Martinez 5 and terabyte in last place for hey how do you like that Miguel Terras in last place
this audience knows all right now look at that phone man we hit in fact the guy in one dropped off
for but it's too bad I made him wait a long time tough tough bananas people are just calling
dropping names on me oh no don't drop names on Miguel come on here here we got the desperate situation
we got all the lines are open but one desperate we got an hour and ten minutes to kill oh I think
it's almost four o'clock now George see the way this is going right flying by little instruction
for for these long summer months boy July and August I don't want to like be the purveyor of glue
and doom but do you think it was bad last year or so oh man yeah I know you ain't see nothing yet
planned a ramble and babble good bad do a lot of babbling on baby diva diva diva
so George is going to be doing this show from babble on this year 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
of course you know where that is now and Verizon wireless line don't we own it if we do now
that's what I'm saying here's Hollywood hello hey how you doing pretty good I can't stand this
small guy I know he screwed the beast what the hell did he do to Joe Rose you tell us
uh I missed that I guess if I played the call you probably would up I'll play the call okay this is
a call huh thanks have a good I appreciate thank you okay thanks now which cut is it on here's
the number three I have to give you an update okay uh this allegedly a week ago Saturday and again
there's a lot of con well there's really not any controversy except that Moe is not trying to
deny he was the one who had to call Dave Higgins says he is absolutely positive he said he would
bet both Moe and Gellie's life on it then it was Moe who made a call off the air to Joe Rose
trying to tell him what to say what to do what to think yada yada yada it's their answer and so
I want to give you an update of what took place just now off the air because I think it's important
you hear this Howard would call the radio station Howard David who I get along with great I thought
he called me an asshole saying I was trying to stir it up my point back to Howard is don't listen
listen to one oh one point five let me see what age group one oh one point five for Howard
maybe one oh two point seven some easily listening love music so you could focus on your wife and
your family and the grandkids instead of listening and always calling the radio station he's
becoming Howard the caller like Howard from Boca Howard from Boca it's like you know it's okay
so anyway he's he's listening so just wanted to get the message out and don't call my show too
just for a record don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you and I don't want to hear
you on the private line congratulations you know the private line number that's great but don't call
because you're not coming on this show you got you've got your three hours five to eight
Monday through Friday you can talk all you want but you're not coming on this show and we'll leave
it it down all right I got nothing against you you seem like a decent person no and I know you've
been getting a taken a big hit on the radio station for everybody else but it's over me and you done
done by done now let me just say this to you here's another piece of evidence is the jury
weighs in on this and examines the situation whoever it was that call let's assume we aren't
positive it was Mo okay whoever called called on a bat line absolutely okay now how many just
off the street ordinary Schmidt distributors have the inside line right right but maybe they
they producers in question just made that up and there never was a call oh maybe Dave Hagen just
lied about that then it wasn't on the inside line it was just somebody like on lines three or
something like that anybody believe it or the phone didn't even ring they just actually there
never was any such a recall Dave Hagen just made it up because he's a Schmidt distributor we want
to do create a lot of more problem from oh see look the preponderance and the evidence is so
overwhelming here that in any quarter of law in any kindergarten classroom everybody would
be it well you wouldn't even waste their time I mean you can go down the list why does Neil
Rogers despise Mo Howard David he's an asshole why does George Rodriguez despise Mo Howard David
it he's an asshole why does Zach hate Mo Howard David he's an asshole why did the beast hate Mo Howard
David it he's an asshole why does Jim Mandit secretly although he's not in a position to say
despise Mo Howard David he's an asshole why does Joe Rose despise Mo Howard David it he's an asshole
that is Hank Goldberg find him repulsive and repulsive and refuses to acknowledge his existence
he's an asshole there you go I leave anybody out but I mean you know see what I'm saying we're all wrong
and Miguel you notice I was nice to you I left you out of the equation absolutely well I mean we've
got to save you with somebody but that's it and then I'll you people out there one of them use
yourselves you can continue saying oh this is really some funny stick you know fine believe
whatever the hell you want like I've told you before there's no way in the world that anybody
even with a wild hysterical imagination like I would that could create a character like this
no not to mention the fact that his his history precedes his ass you know his bowl ass
every place else whether it was Westwood Long whether it was the Jets whether it was the Celtics
whether it was the Bucks you name it same story
no your reputation precedes you and believe me in the 1314 months you've been in our midst you've
lived up to it and then some he's a hidden run and Schmidt this dude but that's what he is you know
starts the crap behind the scenes and then goes on here very indignant I resent the take it very
personally not by all the bull crap you know all I crap and the fact of the matter is since you
got me stood up on it I wasn't even going to talk about where did this come from or where did this
all come from the new addition to the story which is oh I see the new the new denial there is a little
bit late isn't since this happened a week ago Saturday is a little bit slow another inquisition
I see well the fact of the matter is we know for damn sure that wouldn't be the first time that he's
got a history of making all these calls off here an addition to which is constantly listening to this
radio station this was part of the whole big thing with you and with me in him months and months
ago well his wife can't pick it up you know what I just like Joe said Joe Rose hit it on the don't
listen that's all find something else to listen to go out there and play golf all day get yourself
a nice melon home or something but don't be listening to the guy damn radio station all day
honey melon home now tell you when I listen to wqa and when I'm in south florida okay when I'm in the
car period never never ever any other time okay okay what I'm in the car I'm listening coming into
work in the morning which is mostly for all and then leaving whether it's mad dog or used to be
hank on a way home I listen because I enjoy listening then they're fun that's it that's you
said I'm my listening in the car but here's a guy who's a hundred years old who's got all the
nice climb and he loves his golf that's his favorite passion in life besides a cretin trouble
stay up there in bokeh go out on the golf course and smooth out your buddies if you have any go
have a good time go with Bob Costas dribble him around a little bit dribble all over your chin dribble
down your checkered pants but quit pretend and okay quit blaming everybody else all the underlings
it's the beast it's Dave Hagen it's Carol and it's I mean is there anybody left no
Jesus Christ if it was up to him there would be anybody working the whole guy
building beside him absolutely right correct sir absolutely right he's it he's the star we don't
need we don't need for our we sure only that fat old fat we don't need the mad dog we don't need
the Humper we don't need Eddie Kay or Joanne Mark because after all the row week leading and they
want their five this is our back by the way Mo we don't need Jesus Christ that's right we don't
need anybody we don't need Moses we don't need uh all the why need Moses oh yeah he uh spoke
to him recently he says thank you again because uh the dial and actress people are in touch with
them and good he's gonna be getting everything so when I come back to town I fully expect the payback
you know what I'm saying what a test that I got a beautiful macros but I made sure it's the kind
that he and I are gonna enjoy it together a lot he's looking good these days he quit taking
quite so many steroids 1258 and 560 WQM by now you've been hearing us talk about a great place
laminets ira's and how lamina wood flooring from laminets ira's is the easy low maintenance way
to go and it is it's the alternative to national wood flooring and saves you a smit load of cash laminets
ira's is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in a business peridore
pergola Wilson art uniflorine quickstep they've got all the top names installed by pergola
certified installers to here's another good reason why I got to be called laminets ira's their
prices are so unbeatable they will floor you right now you can get there some are special for
this nineteen hundred ninety five bucks that's correct just nineteen hundred ninety five dollars
for up to three hundred eighty square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring it is positively
unbelievable it is and laminets ira's will match any legitimate written off for two for a free
in home estimate with no obligation call laminets ira's toll free one eight seven seven seven seven
seven thirty three thirty six by the way clip the pool man get my pool fix you idiot don't let me
forget next hour to tell about the alarm people have a scoot of my pool heater over the weekend
last week okay what could be easier than the laminets ira's handle this for you they offer
your free carpet disposal free furniture moving to twenty five year warranty and years and years
of beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring you save yourself a lot of worry and a lot of cash
call laminets ira's today toll free tell me that crusty old neal 30 to call one eight seven seven
seven seven seven thirty three thirty six
my
and
this is for
30 by six
you
and
all my favorite public in this is not drawn
and it's time for the
excuse me uploading
it's time once again for the neal ratchets one to two
hour
usually i don't do this but
let me tell you a little bit about the wheels that i drive to work in
now i'm not trying to be rude but you can really get screwed by those dealers trying to sell your
automobiles brand new see i don't need the fancy grills all those new cops man
i've had my baby 20 years shifting on those stripped out gears to the hongo
and the hongo
it got a four on the floor it got a four of its doors but not a hell of a lot more it needs a
brand new ignition it got a broken transmission it got some holes in the body got front and
rear fenders missing leaks like the son of a gun but i'm like so what it runs it's a piece of
you know what baby but at least it's paid for all
one or three it's a real piece we can relate to that oh here's the fact is what did you
roll sand here that prompted most alleged call they have to put legend there because we know
Dave Hagen is like a pulse of lyre a little bit a little bit of the background just very briefly
because i'm on a 12 more than other two three hours is that uh joe was mentioning on a year that
the the conflict the rift between moe and gildey was growing and that you could it was palpable
you can hear it on the ear the fact that there was a certain hostility in the run that morning show
right which uh everybody been talking about that i mean it's not a secret everybody who listens
knows it everybody right everybody and moe became indignant about that and if it was him the
essence of the call was what are your full of crap and you're a backstabber and you're a liar
blah blah blah blah and uh nobody there's nothing going on in gildey and i get along wonderful and
you're you're stirring the pot you're stirring up trouble and stuff like that and quite frankly i
can't imagine anybody else in the world on the inside private line calling in and spouting that can
you know oh okay you don't have to chuckle at the end there you have to do a little bird thing
and they're very you know straightforward question i think the annual we try to stay with you
that's it but of course uh we don't know if i call at all ever again and
first of all anybody knows david hangin i don't know if they've really well but david is not a he's
just a unknown nonsense kid you know he's not the kind of guy that's not like the beast now the
beast would have been accused i could say yeah the beast on it you know because that's his style
he's the kind of trouble making little uh yenta that would do something like that in fact now that
we think about the beast knows the inside line i'm gonna go oh how is this howard impersonation
i don't know but we could turn the christ yeah oh that that was the beast wow
this is starting to get pretty thick
that's some water that that's the only possibility that's the only person not that i want to
throw the beast out of the bus because can you imagine what that bus would look like when we
finished it roly crap it is really bus like yeah like one of those exactly i was looking for the
conversion chart the temperature conversion chart which i found here it's 90 90 today 91
tomorrow next two days here in Toronto yeah but you could probably still breathe the air now you
can still breathe although we do have a small advisory because it's real steamy but the humidity is
only 42 percent wouldn't you just die for only 42 percent i'm gonna just die when i leave this building
today in the 90s for like so i got back in town for the howard which i like the howard whether
as long as it's not humid and stifling and suffocating you catch my drift uh-huh good anyway i
was just looking for that and i found at the same time another one i had sitting around with all my
crap uh the it was a facts from a listener who said the big libosky is a great movie carlis is full of
urine now did we decide about that he said that he liked it but he thought you wouldn't like it
therefore he didn't recommend or you haven't seen it no i haven't seen it see i asked Miguel
about that but i don't think Miguel sees any movies where they speak english
rarely what's the last movie you saw can pass a USA the movie matrix oh well what's you know
going right along with the crowd well i saw that yeah when we're George you went with George to see
the matrix we held hands we share that how it passed the popcorn we share that sweet yeah it was sweet
did you smear each other with guava we ate some juju peas you know this is an excellent uh-how
did we leave her out Madonna says put Madonna on the yul's pool how could we forget about her you
bitch you slut you wore right we had a we apologize for our grotesque oversight but of course if i
had been taken calls probably somebody would have called and said Madonna belongs under that bitch
but i haven't taken a lot of calls because i'm full of it today i am really loaded with it
see you sound too happy in the other because we know you're not here you're in Toronto again and it's
pride week all the fans will be there this week well let me ask you this what makes it different from
any other week monestana right here's the way the polls going right now we got the new stories
of the bedtime stories right there again we apologize on Carlos's behalf he had a little problem
this weekend you notice i'm like mellowing out he's a look he's a good kid he just uh has problems
right right that's he's ugly that's one of the problems but then again many of the rest of us
have that problem too oh sorry Miguel see there there's a smart assing he's the smart ass
yeah you guys are ugly he wasn't uh he wasn't emoting yeah he was in an instinctive
board look how good i look okay well i'll tell you what Miguel i'll take my paste stub i'll take my
stub and check it up against yours in fact i've often thought about well 497 votes that's not bad
it's only one o'clock you know yeah which overrated the supposedly hot chick actually is the
biggest dog you can almost hear them woofing from a mile away and in a close match 172
san pranard big but you remember we did the show on the dogs nobody mentioned san pranard and
we're in rightfully so see i love all dog and most dogs but san pranards are just yeah i mean
is slabber i'm not big under those slabbering yeah they're those kind of dogs you don't have to
love san pranards the chinese do enough of that for you they eat them they how they do they got
50 san pranard farms at least those chinese man they eat just about anything and in the question
with 172 cerica jesica parkers they did it right one you enjoy it so much 136 glorious Stefan 47
that bitch Jennifer Lopez jaylo is moving up 41 spilky's nirai 34 mariah kerry's uh 26
Pamela Anderson was a very late addition is got 20 we don't have madana are yet Eric
i'm not trying to be pushy see it's more fun when carlis is there because then he gets on a phone
with area get madana right away get him he's gonna get pissed off get madana yeah i just i'd like to
be a fly in the phone line here those conversations uh jackies johnson ate maria bark to romo 7
oh jackie johnson moved ahead of that that's bad you people you look i brought it up last week
through the friday about how she's everybody on this station especially overhive jackies johnson
but i'm not saying like she's a bad person so why you want to pile on theriches he'd like to pile
right i'll be the first one jackies about eight maria bark to romo 7 lin martin is from spilky's
nirai land is got five and terry tied with lin with five in last place though a five hundred and four
votes not too shabby mad dog coming along at two o'clock and you'll be all the reasons why he knows
that it was mohook called joe rose now he's not getting involved because he's got to work with the
howard on his ball games can you imagine if mandates didn't have to this is this is a fantasy of mine
okay if moh if mad dog didn't have to work with moh on adulting games can you imagine what we
hear on that show and just just you know hey i'd even listen all right thank you's it's your
list today four to seven we got the big rectum and uh... that was fun look at your 360 there now you
know you have to make me off the hook that's right next to rectum okay but now that you
mentioned he doesn't have a big ass or i need to also give you seven to ten maybe maybe that
was meant to be that way you know any k ten to two are gambling guy and joy mark over night two
to five in the a m right before the mohour david at show with the guilty and the tension between them
is palpable i like saying that we're not just a word you can feel it you can smell it you can just
tell that the ginsu knives are going to start coming out any second i love this guilty just
get right up and mianc mose piece right off his head in this storm out of there can you imagine i
can you imagine that here's a call from four lotterdale hello
four lotterdale i know you're there
going once he's breathing pretty heavy maybe he's looking at a picture of spielke's in the
rain he's gone you're gone loser five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eight t and
and for eyes of our last line palm beach gardens hello palm beach gardens is also gone
also gone let's try my eimi hello hello yes sir hey deal how are you
for the slow down to a chrono i know it's humid there folks but let's go with it pretty good
i thought humus thermon humus thermon yeah pretty nasty looking i would say is
yeah she ain't too good you know i say it's pretty hot i'm confused no i want my thermon what did i
just see her in she was in folk fiction and what else did i just see her in
george was she endorsed for cowboy no i don't know what she's one of the movies that i just watched huh i
can't remember that man this guy's blind well we'll put a lighter just in she's not good looking
at all okay i'll put her on it to make you happy okay your portion thanks okay almost there
make it right i got to have to look it up on here into a search i just got through seeing her in
something she's a baby and it's a matter of fact see i'm just trying to be agreeable as soon as
he said that but then i thought about i just seen her in something uh uma thermon here we go my
moment please welcome to uma uma thermon dot net what the hell is that can i just have a list
of her reflects would be a lot better in this this has got every time she's going to have a
ball movement it's got every damn thing she's going to be doing hezons pulp fiction um trying to
think what else hated pulp fiction right but that's not the one oh here we go actress archives
that should be it right i guess 28 day oh and you know something that punk from mother movie that
i refuse to watch the uh the swishing run in the toilet movie train spotting train spotting
that punk is in that 28 days and she's also in that that's the hot new movie supposedly is it
out right now i get i don't know oh there she is uh i think the guys are wrong don't put her
on there okay i think you're wrong he's wrong he only wishes he was that pretty believe me
i'll put him with her moron he just you know maybe she just turned him down you know
or he's gay maybe he knows parents five six seven i think she's a pretty good she's
i know i just saw her in something why you must have uh see these damn websites all i want all
i want is just a list of her movies the kids i am db the matrix we loaded are these her movies
i don't think she was in matrix i know these are her this is a here's john balushi all i want is
just the pages got to figure see one thing about the web the internet right i am db baby
oh i'm sorry well okay well do it during the break we don't want to take the audiences then they
want to hear me fumbling around they want to hear all this really do they want to hear how i'm
bursting is that among the three of us we can't think of one of the movie that she was in i know
it was just one of the ones i just seen here recently right what that wasn't i thought Batman right
Batman sucks which one yeah which Batman are we talking about
yeah Jesus right the one with Jesus he was all of them
Batman without robin is like Mo without guilty well they had one of those two uh she was in
barren lunch house in the adventures of she was mentioned on it 114 at five sixty wqm hey i
want to tell you about a great place if your carpets are a little on a marginal side maybe they're
dry cuss in fact i'm having in my house so while i'm gone you know because i don't want to get
in their way and they're going to clean my carpets and make them look like brand new i said
that would confidence i don't even have to be there because i know for over 20 years they've
been i figure pardon gatica gatica that was it thank you so much i love the ether and hawk gatica and she
heard there's not a damn thing wrong with umat thermon okay do not put around the list because
that would be embarrassing that would be bad anyway if your carpets look i hell of a lot worse
than umat thermon because they're dirty and filthy and schmutz and your kids and your pets and
everybody else is uh... made a mess in them here's the answer dry concepts they will perform
your magic on your carpeting just like they've done for me for all these veneers because there's
the only company in the world that dry cleans your carpets hence the name dry concepts and they'll do
the same super job on your drapes your expensive area rugs and oriental carpets and also on your
post read on your leather furniture if you're having problems with pet orders or milder voters
caused by water damage dry concepts are coming home in just like a miracle make those disappear
and the best part about the deal is not only they show up on time but as soon as they get there they
give you a written guaranteed price for the job they're about to do so you can rest assured you can
breathe easy you don't have to worry about those scams the carpet cleaning companies are famous for
no after the job scams or tack on their games the written guaranteed prices in your hand before
they start the job so if you want an unparalleled stupendous job on your floor do yourself a big
favor call the professionals the dry concepts and be sure and tell them that old knee old told you to
one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one that's one eight hundred two four eight five
oh seven one or lock under their website for more info on a great job they'll do for you at
dryconcepts.com it's the truth when you call dry concepts you clean today you can entertain tonight
oh
baby don't do it
oh
what
jaylor don't do it
let's touch the thrill they're getting married but people want me to be wary
the job talent of my fella sure i don't hear a trick talent
i can't believe you want a very big ass lake each man and nothing right in
all the money chest i thought you know they've been apples so
frame and a hold on baby he's already married to mad
day
well he's honky my love honky so just believe us alone
because we're good about him i am not sure where good
he loves me and my butt was so good i won't sign up enough
he made more than me right then the guy in love so glad
it's a real dirt girl just to never do his job
but you're not you're making me mad
just like his newbie's this marriage will be back
but i don't want to be alone
he's a spoiled kid but wasn't just being that boy alone
now we both want to get in
but what you're just fine as a shaggy boy
i think uh jale really get along well with the
clearance because like i said she's never seen a penis
well he has
are you sure?
one nineteen at five sixty w.b.c.m. here's from the
london telegraph today the american alcatta operative on
mass last week is having planned to bring on the
brookford bridge was first detained in march and has
been used by the f.b.i. for months as a double agent
it was reported yesterday in case you missed this story
i guess you're busy watching me depressed with him russet
u.s authorities waited till last week to announce a plea bargain
struck with lime and ferris a Pakistani born
lorry driver ordered a scout out territory gets
including the york landmark they did not say that ferris was also
ordered to study ultra light aircraft and the
possibility of derailing a train into a chemical storage
facility in washington has been under fb.i. control for months
just as department official tooltime magazine that first was secretly
detained about two weeks after the dramatic capture in march first in
of calid chic mohammad alcatta chief of operations
installed in a safe house in virginia ferris sent messages to his terrorist
commanders by mobile phone and email he was sitting in the safe house making
calls for us it was a huge triumph a senior bush
administration official tooltime after pleading guilty to offering material
support to alcatta first will be sentenced in august
faces up to twenty years in prison how do you like that uh
he was a triple agent triple whammy we're
that phone man talk about the whammy how to call on her don't answer
anymore mcgill will just do screenless to start for get any
oh man what you want to talk to these people
no thanks oh i mean you sounded well i'll press the screen on the line right
now okay and we'll put the person in on for a minute
okay that's long enough for you want me to let him speak to you
please the congress working on prescription drug
benefits for older americans oh yes they continue drag now what's the
upshot it's very convoluted this thing about the canadian pharmacies that
are selling drugs in the u.s. to senior citizens that save it from being ripped
off so bad and save it in many case fifty percent more on the
prescriptions and they're trying to put the kebash on at any the
the uh... one of the committees one of the set of committees remember the end
of the week they as they overruled it right and they said that they can
that it's nothing illegal about it and again no it doesn't uh
heart it represents no threat to the public safety but uh you know it's it's
not gonna go through but in the meantime just wondering what the status is
anybody now i don't know because everywhere you go you see signs like on my
on a p.o. box places check about discount uh
canadian pharmacy you know prescriptions all that stuff i don't want to say no
no you don't because you don't take any drugs that are like illegal
i take aspirin now now this is interesting now Miguel has just
uh...
you see here's a guy that's so conscientious he just wants to do something he
wants to make it also feel like he earned his uh... pay today he's not
conscientious he is not so i'm saying in spite of what you uh... all the stories
you told me how much he's making and then he wants to earn every penny of it
i mean like last year when we didn't have a best of and you like blamed him for
it and come to find out was because of your lazy ass not because of Miguel
because you were too lazy to put the material together right
is that what it was sure well i'd like to argue over spilt milk okay over
caused that were made by mowa we go Saturday on a jr.o. show let's have a
clean slate okay wipe it clean with both hands from the back to front
wqa m
you know how are you pretty good sir
hey a couple things you know about last week i was a certain
of jr.o.s that morning as a matter of fact i was very hungry over and i was
just listening to the radio and you know when he came on there's no way he could
that i mean it was just you know for one minute for the next i mean it just
seems very real to me but that's the time point
um... with with mowa i would hate to see him go because it's been so much fun
all the mileage he got mad at the way he's not going anywhere
okay i wouldn't be that either well we know whatever man but
hey no let me tell you he has a year and eight or nine months left in that
contract and i guarantee you he's such a hard-ass if they make him get up at
two thirty in the morning and come and change everybody's under where he's
talking to you out
okay and i also you heard a poll last week i don't know for the
poll but you mentioned whether that was for all for all
voice or not yeah and i i i i think you do it and the reason i said that is that i
read this medical study this is very rare but there's a medical condition where
people are born where there's sphincter muscles and their vocal cords
switched really actually i think he's got to sphincter muscles but then it's
right though and far like when he's far it sounds like a symphony
okay thanks for the vote of confidence okay there's a little shot at
for all those climedia but if you had anything better than my dry gas on
a Monday
uh i'd like to see him blow some dry gas right in the beast push which i think is
what he did is i scorned Scott that makes up for the fact he's
see it was just like the giant Henry business that franchise it's always i don't
know how i get into this okay because in the beginning remember when they
at i would do when we first got to marlin's i used to go to all the games a lot of
games and sitting those crappy seats over the behind first base i mean the seats
were good but it was just that it was behind jabboosh and all his right wing
republican friends including that big tank from teleassie is number one fundraiser
i waited about 800 pounds and i went and then of course you know you start
losing interest because it was boring is all hell it was a hundred
degrees in the shade and then they win the series 97 a Wayne sold everything off
by the way there's an interesting book it's called um
uh if they don't win it's a shame the year the marlin's bought the world
series by Dave Rosenbaum you read that i'm sure judge right oh yeah i got my
final minutes ashamed to get a marlin's bought the world series and then
actually paid all those guys they won a world series then he uh as we all know he
as promised because they wouldn't build up a new stadium like a little spore
child he had dismembered the theme he disemboweled it and then we had
little john henry and his quizzlings and remember the day that they hit him on
the first team and i walk into building oh hi Neil somebody can drink and they
looked at me like oh like frankenstein just walked in yeah i'm the
enemy it's because any arrangers nobody shows up out there right
right bullcrap to your fault in forels doing the same craft now well i don't
care what the arranger says what he thinks about the marlin's it's really
and then finally he admits to me that in spite of what it says in the box
where he has today ten thousand this is a team that's now almost five hundred
they swept the series against the uh week admittedly week devil raised but
nevertheless and he said if there was three thousand people there was a lot
so who's kidding who huh would you eat yesterday i had a lot of everything i
went to the marlin's game and i've been able to i've been able to pull some
halfway down my leg i think to be ankle to be honest with
but anyway he's a great guy we love having him here even a wasteful of crap and
at least that he better late than ever he admitted about the twenty five
hundred people there yesterday at tops maybe five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty in around the world on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless
line which overrated supposedly hot chick is actually the biggest dog
rascal today and getting a big response five hundred and seventy three
each your hard-out be your boy but he wishes he was here today
now what's the story about that did we get any updated off of him on the
website what do you remember that page or just the fact he put the stories on
no no he put a little message on there and what did it say
oh yeah you need to say no seriously what did i say that's what it said and then it goes into a
sort of a humorous explanation of his predicament oh that's on my page on the homepage right on
you'll write your dot com oh okay he's trying to write in his Spanish accent it doesn't exactly
and in a colesmith 201 if it sounds like i'm interrupting you it's because i am
sir i could a sir i could just like a parker one forty eight glorious step on fifty
jaylo 48 spookies in the ray 44 mariah kerry started to move up nicely 31 with a big gigantic ugly
deformed breast right in the middle of her chest panel i Anderson speaking of deformed breast 24
Jackie's Johnson 10 Maria bakteromo you're so lovely today Maria she's got eight
Lynn Martinez is tied with her read in last place sucking the wind in last place with six of
you know we're sports radio five six you a m
and a user for a long time he was an ordinary Saudi down on his look until a twist of fade
in doubting with all the powers of a la it's the feel good hit of the summer
ok mad all mighty
i'll be praise i mean i be praise i can do anything it's funny i woke up this morning and i swear
my boots felt bigger it is true now cover them up or face the wrath of me from the director of infidel
liar infidel liar comes a movie that will have you bowing seven times a day towards the box office
it's ok mad all mighty
oh Sam you still see dog do not be mean and so far be on floor like the rest of us
ok mad all mighty it's a la you could ask for a movie comedy
ok mad it's a la you've had my power for the little over the week now how many people have you held
oh man well man nobody perfect
i met all mighty now flying into a movie theater near you one
thirty two like i started to say one thirty two at five sixty w here's some bad news
at least for me anyway air candidate deal thrown into doubt i'm reading from the Toronto star website
the union representing air candidate pilots has told its members to stop voting on
the tentative new deal at both sides have said is essentially troubled airlines restructuring
a recent arbitrators ruling that tramples the seniority rights of air candidate pilots has put
that agreement on the survival of the carrier in jeopardy the air candidate pilots association
be saying ready for that no we've asked air candidate pilots to withhold their vote on the
collective agreements and the until the hour and the head said when so on so they just can't
wrap it all up ok so we have to keep sitting on pins and needles especially those of my good
friends down there who work for air candidate and especially those of us who don't want to be flying
american airline oh no please say no way Jose now you didn't mind me to bitch out the
clift the pool man hey bitch out clift the pool man don't forget okay so anyway i don't
remember what the hell day it was come home from work one day last week in sunny hot human
south Florida suffocating south Florida and uh John standing in the doorway of the up patio and
looking out he says we got a problem we got a problem
and it comes to fight out the illegally in lawn service that i have they have
back into the my pool heater oh no and you know how you have the piping that goes from your pool
heater to the filter etc right your pool well they knocked it and they broke it and evidently
there have been water just pouring out all of the goddamn place and John went out and figured
out how to turn the damn thing off so the thing is broken and the guy says to me very apologetically
i'm sorry the guy is an idiot and whatever it is we'll pay the bill and it's just broken piping
i don't think it's that big of a deal so i immediately go in a house i get on a phone and i call
my good close personal friend clift the pool man you know why he's got clift the pool and
hickson pool service and i said we got like a little emergency here not the end of the world but
i told him what happened and i said see if cooking it over here and fix it i'll have him get over
as soon as i can this was on thursday okay did he show up friday no saturday no sunday no and of course i
don't know whether he's there not now but i have my doubts monday those they went yeah that's the
kind of service you get in south photo from almost everybody in other words will be there as soon
as we can a k a whatever the hell we get around to what maybe if you're lucky if you look at us
just the right way this is my wise guy pool guy i'm thinking maybe i need a new pool guy you know what
yeah i'm serious i am deadly serious i mean what kind of crappy service is that this guy
living in a house for like 11 years he's been doing a pool since day one i do believe i think so
always a real wise as fifth the pool man you know i made him into a big celebrity and all i want
is just go over there fix the piping suite art that's all just make it work the way it's supposed to
work you jackass has he done it no i don't think so i'll check it out i'm going to keep my eye on
you cliff i'm gonna send him right back to whatever little island he came from you know to bait him
running the goddamn banana boat go to q a m how exciting can we talk about your pool little more jack
yes oh that you know something the guy in line six i was funny because during the break i said
a line six we let line six that's the same guy retire same guy same guy and he always winds up
our line six just keep that in mind okay yeah let's talk a little bit more about my pool asshole
or let's just talk about your asshole how big it is maybe they're pretty similarly maybe it's
like pool shaped asshole wqa m hello yes ma'am did you see umuserman in gattica yes that's the one
we decided with the one i saw her in you how you did you do i love gattica did you like that movie
i loved it uh-huh did you already say that on the air that you found out where you saw her from
yes god i thought i was listening a minute by minute well we just slipped it in a real quick
okay second by second but thanks to that i appreciate it see you gonna send you a go see how do you
say how do you think hawk okay five six seven oh yeah the guy in six man listen every minute of
every day he's got now he's got he's changing up a little bit because we're car see he found out
that every time it has to be terrassing i already made the i started a agreement with Greg read it
every time he calls and says that it extends my contract by another month so that's about the
ninth time he's done it last two or three weeks and now we're like almost up to another year on
there which means he's gonna have to subject himself to this show four hours a day five days a week
on and on and on until probably we all croak what do you laugh at about you know what i'm talking
about here all of these assholes every minute of every day they're listed and they're loving it so
much they're squeezing themselves and just like everything else we've talked about if it's movies they
don't like it if i just mentioned the only reason i'm talking about the pool thing is because i
want to rip cliff and ass and deserve at least so okay and everybody else in south for them know
what i'm talking about try to get service try to get somebody to show up and fix something that's
screwed up forget about it we'll show up if and when we feel like it asshole let me do Qion
hey Leo yes sir thank you hello yeah okay if you can't get Cliff out there i'm about certified pool
builders i'll come out there and fix it no charge nobody want to mention the name of the company
but i have a little cliff good guy actually just a little bit slow that's all oh yeah he's
my young man he worked with me 12 years ago so i know Cliff okay well if he doesn't show up the next
there too i'll put a plea out on the ear again okay okay no problem sir thanks palie okay
talk talk Cliff we can't stand him five and of course he loves when i talk about him on the
ear he just squeezes himself all right i mentioned his name on the ear oh man that was great man
well that's great Cliff but get your ass out there it's not a major job it's not the end of the
world it's a couple of pieces of tubing that need to be fixed you know kind of like the ones you
got in your back room yeah schmuck good column by marine doubt is always nested in New York times
that i read it yeah i think i can pronounce the words in it too he says looking back you have to
wonder if runny and satimer in two completely different movies runny starring in a heroic war
adventure like sands of iwo jima while satimer was scheming in a slick heist caper like oceans
eleven with a soundtrack by frank sonopera using the raki dictators favorite songs franches in the night
could we have been at war with someone who wasn't fighting back in iraq rummy wanted to prove this
that the sleek high tech american military could be used to fight in unconventional ways but maybe
satimer who gives creepy new meaning to the phrase ultimate survivor was playing an even more
unconventional game what if he never meant to mount a last stand in Baghdad merely spread word
that there was a dread red line of chemical and germore heads bringing the capital to give
himself time to melt away into subterranean safety two nights before the war began kuse or
as minions were busy plundering a billion dollars from a rack central bank as u.s. tanks spent
through a rack meaning surprisingly little opposition except for fedean harassment
satimer have been burning records of his weaponizing and terrorizing it probably already
hidden and destroyed any bad stuff during the years the bush he spent trash talking about whooping
him maybe he decided that rather than hit america with biological warfare he would use psychological
warfare discrediting the u.s. with allies by stripping the anthrax coverings with the tarant
sending out doubles in public while he plotted his getaway or making loyalists pretend to be double
agents dishing fake tips to the CIA about where the ace of spades was dining so the u.s. would
bomb the wrong places sought a new how hard it would be for americans to rely and trust
rely on and understanding in a part of world that we don't understand where nobody trust us
he had 12 years between wars and bushes after all the plot rooses his captured tap of the tent
and this told american interrogators that he fled the syria with sottam sons after the war until
syria expelled them and that sottam was hiding in a rack maybe sottam has been tortling from the
sidelines as his gorillas and islamic villains kill enough u.s. soldiers to make americans
queasy maybe he couldn't flame an Iraqi rebellion over chaotic conditions to expel the occupiers
who came with no occupation plan or if sottam brought a plastic surgeon underground with him
perhaps he could resurface as a fresh face a populous candidate and in vice-royd bremmer's first
democratic elections after all bath in him of his party trans lights as resurrection it's
funny that the bush he didn't recognize the heist when they saw when given that they pulled off
such a clever heist of their own they cracked the safe of american foreign policy and made
awful generations of resistance to preemptive and unilateral attacks on friday senators on the
intelligence committee cut a deal that lets a thorough review i.e. a republican whitewash go
forward into whether the spy community ginned up pre-war intelligence the democrats already
fowsted by their pre-war fear of being panty waste naturally caved on open hearings open closed
who cares congress is looking for it in the wrong place the scrutinizing those who gather the
intelligence rather than those who pushed to distort it george tenet might have buttered up his
bosses by not objecting loud enough when the bush is latched on to bogus or exaggerated claims
but if obsequiousness is a subject of congressional investigation we're in for a busy summer the hawk
started with sottams demise and worked backwards as the latest new republic reports that it's
deception democracy cover article in the summer of two thousand two vice president chaining
made several visits to the cia langley headquarters which were understood within the agency is an
attempt to pressure the low level specialist interpreting the wrong intelligence that would freak
people out said one former cia official it's supposed to be an ivory tower and that kind of
pressure would be enormous on these young guys it's scary all right dig cheney's hot breath
on your raw files
we have mercilessly taken the following material out of context without endorsement or
permission from those depicted it is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and
decent look as ridiculous as possible we hope we reach that goal or at least major laugh
on tonight's action news Hillary congratulations your book is out and it's flying off the shelf
so when did you start having group sex 30 years ago so who are you and bill swinging with bill and
owl and tipper at eye did you know that sometimes billhead sex with Betty white i find that
absolutely unbelievable i know i just made it up on tonight's action news Hillary what was your
favorite place to have sex for me not behind rectum 145 at five sixty w a m now i'm just during a
break again put my thinking cap on and i'm afraid for more than i got some bad news for him
oh just when i had created a possible scapegoat for his ever in behavior in a grotesque call to
Joe Rose absolutely i just got him off the hook the beast do i know why why the date of this
alleged call was a week ago Saturday right okay guess where the beast was a week ago Saturday
i don't know some games come on think back think back Joe Zagaki think back
Omaha no he wasn't he wasn't no clearance went out there no you're supposed to you're supposed to
agree with me oh i'm sorry oh yeah he was an Omaha man like i said clearance made the call
now wouldn't that be something i want to be something of clear i don't think clearance could do a
very good moharry David impersonation so to be still on the burner i'm thinking you're right
you're right i'm trying i'm trying so hard to get him off the hook because as much as we find him
revolting it obnoxious and a real trouble making the anthem i just i just can't imagine that can you
now and this is which the beast there could not do a moharry that would fool Dave Hagen
unless he wanted it to be fooled five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line as the mystery of the hostile call to Joe Rose continues
and see i think with or without that called spedad Joe's you know Joe
spite of the things he said and at the on that clip that we got uh he still hates him anyway
regardless of you that right which of course you and he have discussed in the hall but we don't
want to mention that in here that like six hundred and twenty five votes on a poll today which
overrated supposedly how chick is actually the biggest dog and an accol smith is trouncing the
competition and an accol squills like a pig and looks to part 220 votes
Sarah Jessica Parker i mean Sarah Jessica Parker 159 a very strong second and way above
everybody else glorious stephands got fifty three jaylos climbing up their slowly um Miguel 52
spielkeys in the ray 46 moriah carry 34 panel Anderson 28 Jackie Johnson 12 i feel bad
because i started that see now they're now they're piling on their problem on poor Jackie
Maria Park teromo 8 terarade 6 Lynn Martinez 6 and Madonna very late editions got four already
she's up to four out of six 28 also i should mention if you go to the arranges calm you'll see a very
incoherent apology of sorts i just checked it out the one from Carlos yeah i told you hold back
the purple pills for two weeks did i say that oh you're talking to me yeah hold back the purple
so i'm talking about the ones you keep supplying him with okay two weeks
w-d-q-a-m are you still on the right oh jesus christ on mighty give it a rest get a life yeah i'm still
here asshole just like you're still there you know what this reminds me of what i was just thinking
about this also while i was trying to make up excuses for the beast if you want to win a restaurant
and the food sucked and you hated it you thought this is the worst food and the worst service
and you you called the waiter or was it give me another playful right and i'd be back the next day too
and you sat there and you were gagging oh my god you could barely swallow it it was so but it was a
worse swole you bring me another plate waiter and you just kept sitting there and you never left
and lucky said you kept coming back every day give me some more that slopp okay i'm starting to like
it i can't live without it same crap from the same two or three assholes who need mental help
but we sure would miss you w-d-q-a-m q-a-m gone long gone this one w-d-q-a-m hey now yes sir yeah uh i cut
you off about five years ago i was one of those and today's first time i turned you back on you
cut me off what is that mean yeah i just heard you off it just got you know got old yeah and uh
you know it's like everything else you you come back to it you don't like it you turn it off yeah
and uh this is Howard guy man he's driving me crazy about your pardon that Howard guy yeah
well what does that have to do with this show i mean what are you you're cutting off five years
ago and now your back are you back just visiting or are you back to stay for a while or you're like
i police always i mean i'm sorry i like what i hear yeah and then you're doing a good job uh
uh i guess i felt like he used it not not the way he used to be though
have a great day pali okay he wanted to bust my balls a little bit that's okay pay these
Wednesday by the way pay these ones them gonna have a big fat one okay my penis may be very small
which it is okay i mean no apology i know that's just the way it is you know i'm born with it
but the paycheck it is so huge yeah now if i had to choose between the large penis and large
paycheck i'll take the money thank you yeah because because if we're really that hung up about
your penis size you in fact if you have a uh if you do email huh if you have a computer man you've
got everything on my email i would say nine out of tenor for like penis enlargement so they must
know who they're dealing with so if you have enough money you could probably make your penis the
size of uh urethanus big but when you got the cash baby then it's another story i just mentioned
that in passing for all those bozos they think i'm gonna get him i'm gonna get it's of no
consequence to any of us okay in fact uh a lot of people fight at most amusing so thanks for the
free entertainment retire retire it's just it's just every single day of every week of every month
of every year if this show went on another 75 years if those people didn't croak first or your
struly which i will they'd be there every day i bet i've talked to so many people about this over
years a battery of psychologist could never figure out the psychology of people who call talk shows
most of whom might wear assholes i'm not gonna lie to you about that most people are called talk
shows are assholes what other kind of a person would sit on a phone waiting and waiting and wait
to get on the year for like you know 45-50 seconds would you ever call a talk show
what i have been doing this for a hundred years i would never call a talk show you know what i
take that back i called you once when i was sick because you asked a question that only i
knew the answer to yeah for my sick bed incoherent and that was the only call i've ever made to a
talk show but i mean that was still when you were working to show them right and it was on the hot
line and right right that's not what i'm talking about i'm talking about as a caller would you ever
call into a talk show exactly w-c-y-m hey pet a file yeah hey pet a file there's another good one
same guy w-c-y-m he's gonna q-a-m hello i'm not bad dry runners five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the 18 see you're putting these on hold that's a bad mistake it slows me
just ignore the phone i know that's hard to do just ignore it just let me handle it okay first
time ever said to me get let me handle it and he said okay first time double the q-a-m last time i'm
sure that i'll keep yes sir uh you're pushing the button again without my consent uh uh reverend freaking
john's fat greasy home oh yeah i'm glad that we were able to actually witness released you were
able to witness reverend john's one of the most nauseating disgusting makes me look like god damn
uh red pants my my and local here sports radio five sixty two eight you a-m
roll another play
oh
i was gonna clean my room until i got
i was gonna get up and find the broom but then i got
uh
why
i was gonna go to class before i got high come on
check it out i could have cheated and i could have passed but i got high
uh
i'm taking a next semester and i know why
why
because i got
because i got
because i got
because i got
i was gonna go to court
before i got high
i was gonna pay my child support but then i got high
no you what
hey
i think that i'm my whole paycheck and i know why
why
hey
hey
cuz i got
because i got
huh
because i got
huh
blah
blah
i wasn't gonna run from the cops
but i was high
uh
i'm serious man
i was gonna pull right over and stop
but i was high
uh
blah
blah
now i'm a pira pleach
cuz i know why
why
baby
cuz i got
because i got
because i got
huh
blah
blah
i was gonna make love to you
cuz i got
huh
i'm serious
i was gonna meet your
p***
to
uh
yeah
huh
huh
i got
that
now i'm
attacking
oh
i
did i know
why
i'm
f***ing
yeah
cuz i got
he
no
because i got
he
did i know
huh
go
no
no
go
go
my entire life
cuz i got
huh
go
uh
yeah
i lost my keys
and white
cuz i got
say what
say what
say what
say what
now i'm sleeping
on the sidewalk
and i know why
why
baby
cuz i got
because i got
because i got
blah
blah
blah
i'm gonna stop singing this song
cuz i'm hot
bruh
baby
i'm singing this whole thing
wrong
cuz i'm hot
bring it back
bring it back
and if i don't
i still want to
copy
i'm a
why
baby
yeah
cuz i'm hot
cuz i'm hot
cuz i'm hot
are you really
a
man
uh
la
da
uh
uh
he really is hot
he really is hot
he really is hot
he really is
everyone
bye
he always is
oh
i'm
ever
no
on
i
