I would ask you are you gonna go see see basket no no okay movie man you talk about movies all day but you won't go see that
there were in 600 years ago before any of us even before Moe was born why don't we want to see that it captured more news than Hitler in 38
wow and I'm excited man in fact maybe if they'd have paid more attention to Hitler there'd be a lot more people still alive
consider we're about some stupid ass horse I think both of them were an exciting story Neil
that is the rate that is in the rating story yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah you want to work one day a week and blame for all for all the problems
don't let me tell you this during the during this spring book I was on every guy damn day okay I just I had a stroke
I was missed one day George has the sniffles there he's out for two days sure
most wig most wig fell off the one side he missed the whole guy damn we listen George was in a
place he's turned wasn't sick that's a three day dry out duty at the puffy eyes the pale face he was on
C rock dude do you hear how he was talking when he first came back listen that's the way to be
so we're gonna first show back we're putting the beast on it on an eight ball a day crack diet yeah
and we're just he's gonna smoke an eight ball a day a pack of marble reds and he's gonna eat no
food he's not gonna sleep he's gonna look out peep balls he's gonna close all his curtains
the big day like a lot of stuff and a truth comes in of course you mentioned in marlin's again they
are screwing up all our plans one o'clock the book is coming out and when we find out the data
was coming with that oh great one to two will do the whole thing on a spring book give the numbers out
which everybody in town tunes in anybody in the business tunes into my show because I'm the only one
who doesn't lie about the numbers I give them out right and and now we got a stick in Marlin game
to eight twelve thirty pregame high level meetings here that I have to come on tomorrow morning for a
cameo appearance to give you the numbers I think that um I'm like man it's all on you man I think
that Greg and Josh and Duff lock the door to the conference room and sit in there for hours digging
through the paraphernalia no that's mold it's digging through yeah he's just understand his
love and his career for bonding so tightly yes to understand his little contra-pumps going out with
you and Morgan listen I feel that you guys get it straight now really think I figured out since I've
been here is he's the only one that likes himself yeah that's it no one I thought you were
I've always got one fine with Howard I don't have problem Howard has problem with me he's
some voter but he's a pervert I got scored a bitch see he's a he's a cross the old you pervert
and everyone here knows it he hits on every chicken the building and everyone knows it and but I
heard he turned out the voters for breakfast this morning you said he was having dinghy listen you
don't want to mess me I'm just a vulgar I'm vulgar you are yeah I'm off you with you with
your hands and balls like you're you're going to just leave you're about to leave my arms up with one
bag and that's going to be the see again he's trying to change the subject it's all on your
shoulders subject you're the hero you gotta bring us out of the depths of the spare the summer book
I will prove you know you're not a summer book you know I need for one you're not having a
head to lift this up so we make our bonuses okay yeah and listen George is about as sick as my
swamp asses today have a nice day Neil see us Scott this is Mo Howard and David
and Jason tell me I want to see his words and I'm so bad we got business over here okay
this upcoming dolphin season is gonna be a finally longer and fully packed one with junior
show that's how so is that so oh look you're both wrong
big
hey
Well, he calls the front man, and asks me a young girl for food.
She said it's not my job.
But he didn't want to be rude.
She knocked on the door, and then walked to her surprise.
It was her that he was at the Nothin' Bungering Prize.
He sent you to the water, but he claimed it was romance.
And told me, couldn't you keep his life happy in his place?
You call that a penis?
OK, here's my buddy, WQA, and hello.
Hello?
Oh, it's not him.
Yes, sir.
Yellow.
Yes, hello.
Hello.
Q-A-N.
OK, here we could have done that.
Give out a ticket.
It's that guy wanted tickets, and that's all.
Either that or you want to hear some more Celia Cruz.
Oh, yeah, we got lots of Celia for it.
And to make up for George is a really just a self-hating
spick who just can't stop picking on people who are dead.
Shame on you.
No wonder you were getting death threats.
Yeah.
This is the poll question George asked yesterday.
If they were all to disappear tomorrow, who
would you miss the least?
1120 votes, pretty good for a George poll.
Clergy men, women, that's what I voted for.
Fortune tellers, rabbis, nuns, fakers.
In other words, 478.
Fashion designers, 254.
That found homophobic to me.
Professional athletes, 121, talk to your host, 105.
DJs in VJs 94, actors in actresses 33, artists 20,
and musicians only 15.
Because we all, as George said yesterday,
I did hear that.
You said, we all love music.
One dynamite.
And just, I don't want them to think I only
have that one song.
I got like, I've got millions.
All right, here we go.
All right.
I'll do that like a man in a dress, a big fat girl looking
at a man in a dress, a sailor.
Wow.
I mean, could she sing?
Did she look good?
Was she entertaining?
But boys, she was an icon.
And I think that I wasn't going to even talk about it,
but I just want to dig down into my pile here.
We don't have a lot of time.
We got a ball game at 1230, dammit.
Yeah.
No, no, seriously, I have the one day
when we didn't want a ball game.
This would have been the day.
Because we want to be rating intensive.
Although I don't think it's going to be too good.
I think it's going to be really bad.
I believe that it's going to be nasty.
Oprah, top, top icon, VH1 says.
So that should tell you the reason
that Sadia Cruz was so big in the Kubano community.
If Oprah, and this is VH1's assessment
of the 200 greatest pop culture icons of 10 episode ranking
of actors, musicians, politicians,
academic sports figures, and fictional characters.
Oprah was number one, Elvis number two.
Ready for that?
No.
So probably Sadia Cruz is number one in the Cuban community,
and this year, there's this numero dos.
Wouldn't you think?
Crying shame.
And Iliana Rosanna Dan is probably numero.
numero zero.
Oh, she was on one of the talking hits
Jose, they pressed up for about two minutes.
I just see her in my blood boils.
I get pissed off.
I just want to puke.
Well, that couldn't be the guy in for Lauderdale online.
Six could it?
Yes, it is.
Me neither.
No, that wasn't him.
Now, that was, that was Fony Red.
Now, it was so weak, so lame.
You aren't even the same league with my Pizzerna.
I'm out there.
You got to do it like with the rest of real enthusiasts.
That was lame, man.
That was very weak.
He's probably in the Vajasion.
In fact, maybe he's the what's your name's funeral?
Don't be making fun of Sadia Cruz again all day today.
They hate you now.
They can't see you.
Anyway, now let's see.
Which one of these would be good music in the background?
One moment please.
OK, for my Hillary out chapter today,
we got a shirt one for it.
Living history, Hillary Rodham Clinton each day,
a chapter a day or a paragraph,
but it keeps the dial doctor away.
Here we go.
Now that's too upbeat for this.
Mm-hmm.
There we go.
Little one mellow.
My father was born in Scranton, Pennsylvania,
the middle son of Hugh Rodham Sr. and Hannah Jones.
He got his looks from the line of Blackhade Wells
Cold Miners on his mother's side.
By Hannah, he was hard-headed and often gruff.
Although he laughed, the sound came from deep inside
and seemed to engage every part of his body.
I heard that his laugh is same big rolling gaffer
that can turn heads in a restaurant
and send cats running from the room to his Hillary.
When I did, he didn't even step on it.
But he liked that.
Oh, man, could she sing?
No.
Or what?
That's Celia Cruz.
So you people of Miguel and Beater Boy
that I was settled with there on Tuesday,
they live in a whole different,
which leads to the poll question today.
Let's get that on there right away.
They live in this Cuban-centric world
where they exclude like stuff
from the outside from the real world
that everybody else cares about.
They just don't get it.
I think offense.
I'm good.
That's what it was intended for to make you a very offended.
Here's the poll today.
How come I wrote your real face down on here?
I'm just a, no, because that's what you were saying.
But I, no, as soon as you, I put,
and I wrote it down because I didn't want to forget it.
Your real face, for Celia, a man in a dress.
She had a lot in common with the pope.
Although he was a snappier dresser.
Which ethnic religious or racial group
is the most overly sensitive?
That's our poll question today on neo-rogyens.com.
Which ethnic religious or racial group
is the most overly sensitive?
And you'll notice Eric that I underlined
and put like in gigantic overly sensitive question mark.
So here's my, a group for right now, my selection,
blacks, Cubans, Cubans.
So great, but Jews, oh!
Rednecks, Chinese or Catholics.
I couldn't think of anybody else,
but I'm sure somebody might.
That's a pretty good start.
Overly sensitive, two ethnic, to ethnocentric,
to obsessed with their own caca,
whatever you want to put it.
Caca?
I'm amazed that you didn't do the
Osuori owner busted story, a bigger partner.
An Israeli antiques collector who sent a burial box
purported to be that of Jesus' brother James,
the late Jimmy Christ, to Toronto late last year,
has been arrested on suspicion of forgery.
It turns out it wasn't the burial box of Jimmy Christ.
Odette Golan accused of creating two forgeries
that trick the religious and archeological world
appeared in court yesterday,
and they after police arrested him.
I can imagine if it would have turned out to be
the real thing he could have achieved great heights.
Odette Golan, in court police unveiled forgery equipment
they said was found in Golan's home,
including stencil stones and partially completed forgeries.
Oy!
Golan also was suspected in connection
with a shoebox-sized tablet
and scrabbed with forged instructions
for caring for the Jewish temple.
In other words,
indiziable bliss.
More I play with it, the more I like it.
Its got its moments.
Anyways, 12 minutes after 10 we got,
like I said, a ratingsOld coming out today at the one
for the springbook and the o-fernel can...
I got it with that!
He was on for the last three weeks in a book.
This was the big deal,
I was supposed to bail us out of it,
and otherwise marginally springbook.
Right.
So it's all on his broad shoulders, okay?
I think you're right.
You're wrong,
I think it's gonna be gigantic.
What?
The book the book of his shoulder the month you know that's it get out of here based on what?
Wishful thinking big you just picked that out of your ass
You get it all how we did it there you picked it out of your ass man, right?
If we could pick some big numbers out of our ass as big as the Dingo Ver as the Moe report
They's been picking we'd have we'd be killing them
At least absolutely 10 13 at 5 60 speaking numbers just how low can those interest rates go?
I'm sure that's been pressing on your mind lately
Now financial group is doing the limbo rock under the lowest refinance rate going
How does this sound to you 1.95 percent? That's right. You heard right now?
You can refinance your home or buy you a new home and get a super low
1.95% financing rate with our friends at financial group call up today and fight out how you do it call
180940 land that's
180940 L.E.N.D
If you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate
You really ought to do this call financial group 180940 land here's some examples of the kind of savings it means for
If you have yourself a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are a Paltry
368 bucks a month if you have a 200 thousand dollar loan you pay only 736 a month so call financial group
180940 land to get the ball rolling get you that low 1.95% rate from financial group
180940 L.E.N.D the Renekville housing lender credit restrictions apply and rates are subject to change monthly 5.19 APR
You in
For you dredge back in
Look it's glad it's the money
Why are you wearing a dress? I'm gonna cross talk with Neil why here you don't like it?
That's not what cross talk means hey if that's what Neil wants I
Know these nylons make my legs stingle
They love me they hold me
Yeah, they never let me down. I came in here to tell you specifically to talk more
It's boy I talked about it what what else can you say dude?
I mean there's more life than pretending you know it's more than
Possibly that in reality wouldn't give you the sweat under their balls
Who's alive?
That's boys like what I didn't
What a homo you mean you never got laid are you serious?
Yeah
Be my meat to athlete
Because sports just makes me
But when I'm around
I just don't know what to do. I'm a sport
I like to look at sweaty man
It makes my baby
And when then hardly give me a rest to be those fun to round
That's why I'm a sport
All learn
I
Like to play with my Bible
You know what you are there's a damn
Don't say it
1020 advice 60 by the way clerics the Ross payday it's the 25th I just mentioned that in passing since he failed to come in and bond with us this morning
I haven't seen him yet today. Well here probably he's probably busy in sports meetings
28 votes on there already on a pole which is popped up well
I think religious or I beg your pardon and go vote
Oratial group is the I know who you're voting for is the most overly sensitive
Lact 12
Cubans 11
Juz 5
And no votes if a redneck Chinese are clever. We should have put Irish on there
I mean we certainly are going to put a Italian's on there because Italians and me with a godfather all that stuff in the sopranos
The Italians get picked on all the time and they like do with a good sense of humor
Whatever Italian American definitely do have it but most people don't pay any attention to that
The average Italian person you talked about there's like screaming about all these stereotypes about the city and they're not doing that
No, the other two
Any more than the Irish are screaming about the fact that we all always talk about the
Drug and Red Faced Irishman with the big nose like you know Mike Disney people like that
Here's a thanks from our good close personal friend PR Ralph. Oh, Azucar
One
Don't say that I immediately start thinking of salia every time you say Azucar
It says I've come up with a great idea during commercials on the Marlins game
You can cross over with the book number as you get a bigger audience and I'll be listening till 2pm
It's at a beach that air now we can't do that we got the commosals
We got to get on those commosals, don't we? Oh, yeah, we got lots of commosals
Daura Haller on the Marlins game
Hey, they're red hot. They're five games over 500 anybody care. No as long as they're given freebies away
You know this and of course I just hope when when did he start giving crap away on the show for Ralph?
That wasn't in June that just started last week or two right?
I
Think in two two weeks. Yeah, see that's after the spring book was over because it ended like June 18
I
Think in July as we're gonna take a real big hit boy and again
He's what he's doing is letting these freeloading bastards who have they couldn't care about the station about him about his show
All they want is free crap. We've been through it many times and
And there are how many times that I say we're never gonna do that again
And then we get sucked into it again, you know
Miguel would come in there with a little hurt look on it
Oh, I promised so and so you know and we'd have to give away a bunch of crap and the show just
DeTiri rates into a bunch of free loading assholes. There's nothing interesting about that
Yeah, that's entertainment. Yeah, right. So I think in July is when he's gonna take a hit
Hopefully not. I mean we're the counting on him because the rest of us are bunches of doddering old dying Jews and we're counting on him to be the hero now
We'll see time will tell like about one o'clock this afternoon
Now you're gonna have to wait till tomorrow morning when I make my cameo guest appearance
And I don't mind. I mean one of my
Yeah, it's 10 o'clock in the morning on a Friday. I'm be sitting here reading my newspapers. What am I gonna do?
Party talk come in here and
For about two three minutes and it's really bad for about two three seconds
Now maybe this is the call I've been waiting for from Pompano. Hello
Hey, hey, Neil. Yes, sir
Three tire assholes. Not not good.
Five see you do you have no material you idiots out there
You have nothing going and so now you're all what retire wannabes
That's it and he has to embellish it with asshole. Don't be since it's crap on ear you asshole
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T and T in Verizon wireless line 25 state black 17 Cubans
Oh, and then I don't want to get them all bent out of shape about Celia Cruz
Yeah, I already did that. Yeah, I know you really pissed them off because you're one of them. Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning, sir. How you doing today? I'm doing pretty good
Glad to hear that person formal so I want to say I'm sorry about the ice cream thing
It came out that I was actually the more fattening the previous we thought
Really oh, where did you hear that I didn't hear that story? Yeah, I think it roiders or something like that
What are all the they know I know right? It's okay. It's okay. It's great
Second thing about about them actually killing the two brothers. Yeah, they actually
Who say in pussy? I'm sorry pussy and pussy
Yeah, the reason they haven't shown the picture shit is because they're actually doing a cut and taste and it takes a little water
Yeah, right to do to do one of those if they had been or working on it
We'd have it like by noon today. You know right always great mode pictures. He does
Yeah, right and and third thing about the head for the thing about salio Cruz. I'm sorry to tell you this
For him to be from listening to your radio station just because of that because of what because of that my wife
I'm kicking my birthday three days
Well, don't be a
Kick her ass out on the street. No, did you see the godfather?
Yeah, the problem is I have a tie to the front yard. You remember to say with Carlo and
What's your name? They're Connie weld. I don't want to plan any seeds in your mind, but that's the idea
Get that belt out. How to great time pal?
Be the crap out of that bitch. Now see you shouldn't be saying it now
I'm gonna start sounding like Tom do like us that asshole
That bag it that bag it who just decided to give out the name of the rapie victim in the alleged Kobe Bryant rapie
And of course his whole show is based on like the Tom Cruise character in Magnolia hating women
That's his whole
He's not
Will you stop saying that crap?
Here's the good news though. We got some good news today house votes to block expended FCC
Elimits and even though the president they continues to say which is a joke that he's been a veto the bill
The vote was four hundred to twenty one
All right a vote of four hundred to twenty one lawmakers approved the spending bill with language blocking the FCC
Decision to let companies on TV stations serving up to forty five percent of the country's viewers the current ceiling is thirty five percent
And Michael Powell is pissed off and assured the finance
He issued a written statement before the vote defending the commission's decision
Yadi yadi yadi we're confident in our position Powell said we created enforceable rules
They reflect the realities of today's media marketplace the rules will benefit Americans by protecting
Localism competition and diversity who the hell are you kiddin? Obviously not even too many of your own people mr. Powell
Junior another liar
Representative David Obey the Democratic Wisconsin chief sponsor they provision that would derail the liberalized FCC rules acknowledge and interview that a tough
Fightly head over keeping language intact in the bills final version, but he declared victory for now
It's extremely rare to be able to reverse a regular throw a decision that gives away the store to the big boys
Obey said well said Obey one can Obey ice-cold baby
So there you go. We may maybe there's a little bit of hope and all you assholes out there all you bush liquors
Like I've said before if you're religious fanatic or if you're a multi-millionaire or billionaire then then all more power to them
That you be out you have all the reason the world to support him and he's Nazis other everybody else. I don't understand it. You get it?
No, I don't know
I just can't I can't stop singing that I can't stop all day all night. You're in the shower now one
Tantamera she's she's dynamite. She's an icon. She was an icon
I'm a big huchi kuchi gorilla face woman in a man's body with a big dress
Well, I can't stand it and she didn't even have no bananas on her head like a Carmen Miranda
So can this must match you'll Carmen Miranda the Pope or Desiree Nez or a salia Cruz. I don't lump Desi in there
Lucy Lucy at least he was a great businessman. He's the bravest behind a whole operation right?
He played like a
Bozo like Luis on the passions he played a poetic that wasn't his real business
But he was like what was his real business?
It's right. He had 47 and five sixty WQM every week over half the customers of Dalai mattress are repeating referral customers because they know
That one 800 mattress has the best brands at discount prices every day of your life without any of the hassles of showroom shopping
And they know what real customer service is all about because Dalai mattress is ranked numeral. Oh no, you got it?
In overall satisfaction
1 800 mattress has delivered out of a science you choose the delivery date and time to fit your schedule
You get it to our windows you're not sitting home wasting a day of your life and believe you me Dalai mattress shows up
They deliver when you want evenings weekends and holidays too
So it's easy to see why once people try Dalai mattress
They never go back to a showroom again our friend Miguel our former friend Miguel recently called 1 800 mattress and got the real treatment
They showed up on time set it up took out the smelly soil to beading for free the works and all you high-end shoppers out there
For you folks Dalai mattress has a full selection of the finest beds available anywhere like the silly crown jewel
Certain perfect night Simmons world class and King Quill perfect contour and
Dalai mattress also carries temper pitted for famous Swedish foam
Macrises so no eight another second call 1 800 mattress right now
You can be sleeping like a baby as soon as tonight
1 800 MATT RES the easy and smart way to get you a great night sleep check them on the web at mattress.com
Star wars like
around it.
Need big protection, need security, still now we'll keep it
around it.
Listen, with the blessed chain of your sleeve, baby,
do not be seen there, no matter what you leave, you'll see it there.
One, two, three, and then, and then, but see,
you'll want to live in it and then, but see,
it's done, and to live in it and then, but see,
come in it and then, but see.
PEP 33 and PEP 65, 60, we got the,
no mad dog today and we got no Humper, because we got the Marlin Game,
1230 Marlins on deck, 105 Marlins at the Braves,
second of their shirts, here's their own Braves,
there's no question about that, one again last night up there.
And guess who we got it for for the Humper today, one guess.
Perfect, I think.
Good guess.
And he still sucks, feels a gacky old penis face will be on 4-7,
the big 7-10, oh he should be on that list too, you know what?
Well, I don't know, I think about his ethnic attitudes,
but he definitely could be Cuban-centric.
At least he sounds like it.
Then we got Eddie K-10-2 and Joe Mark overnight, 2-5-1-8-M.
How's the first 100 and some votes coming on the pool?
He has 108, which ethnic religious or racial group is the most overly sensitive.
Blacks 48, Cubans 45, we got a neck and neck nose to those battle there
between the Blacks and Cubans.
Now, how do we differentiate like the Black Cubans?
Uh-huh, they don't consider themselves Black.
They don't consider themselves Cuban?
You shut up.
Blacks 48, Cubans 45,
Jewish 13, Catlix 2, Rednex None, and Chinese None.
I don't know why I put Chinese on there, just I had to put something else.
Huh? Yeah, I guess.
And I put Rednex as I had to put some category of white people,
he came to say like, anglos or white people, right?
I guess.
567-0560, pound 563 on the AT&T.
And by the way, we're not going to be doing 1130-1230 comedy,
but so I was joking about that on Tuesday.
That wouldn't that be wrong?
Somehow, that'd be wrong.
Although,
here's Del Rey-Bee, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You were saying that you didn't know C. E. Cruz,
but wasn't there a big song in the 60s by Celeste Lester that heard?
Yeah, good point.
Excellent.
One of my favorites is a matter of fact.
You both get both of the brine on it.
Okay.
Thanks.
Remember C. Cruz, Frankie Ford?
Sure.
What about the Papua de Lilla?
No, no.
No, no.
The cool is turning over on her braid.
But she didn't want to keep this.
She's no good or great.
Oh, baby, that's so good.
So good.
Yeah, baby.
So good.
So good.
So good.
So good.
So good.
So good.
So good.
So good.
See, I can't for life, I may imagine.
For example, it's because there are a lot of our audience,
can't stand Elvis, okay?
Okay.
I mean, with me as far as Elvis, I can take him or leave.
And I liked a lot of his music,
but I can take him or leave.
He's not like to me a big icon.
I can leave him.
Okay.
But I can't imagine anybody who's a big Elvis fan,
even those assholes that slip up there to Graceland.
I can't imagine them calling in death threats
to the radio station.
No, no.
Because somebody said, well, I thought Elvis sucked
or I thought Elvis was like overrated
or Elvis couldn't sing as well as a paper sack.
I don't get that, do you?
No.
I mean, that carries the,
and evidently it wasn't just the death rate calls off the year,
but there were obviously a lot of people out there
in radio land.
Of course, these aren't people
who are supposed to be listening to us anyway.
But I got very offended because of the fact,
and I say it again, I didn't know who she was.
I never heard of her in my life.
Never heard of her.
And the reason that we're carrying on about this
is because obviously we're missing out
on such an important facet of our life.
If you understand, we're missing out on the good stuff.
That's what she's not racing.
That's what she's cool about.
Yeah, Latvia.
That's not tropical.
That'll be called,
Oh, it's tropical.
Yeah.
Tropical acres with your thoughts,
people in the land.
You're in.
What the hell is this thing?
See, just generally speaking,
forgetting about Celia Cruz,
I just don't like that Ho Chi Kuchi music.
No matter who's singing it.
Yeah, even if the least of the girl is singing it,
which he does do some of that stuff,
some of that salsa crap,
I hate that music that it's so corny.
It is so dated.
Right?
Yeah.
Even for an old fossa like me,
it's like, like you made a good point before the show day,
which is about time.
You said that she is to music,
to Hispanics,
what somebody like from the 20s,
and I mentioned Rudy Valley,
which is long before your time,
but she's like the Rudy Valley of music,
to Hispanics.
And you're saying,
who the hell was Rudy Valley?
He was an old,
crusty looking,
couldn't see his way out of a paper sack.
He was great on those Edison Sloan news,
though, it sounded really good.
I bet she she would have been dynamite, I know.
Come on, Celia, bring it sweetheart.
Celia!
Bring it!
Keep it back here.
With musical help, Dan.
They're loving you step by, Celia.
They love you, Paul.
They love you,
they love you,
they love you,
How do they say,
I'm not a corn,
that's like that song you're playing.
What, I wouldn't she just say there?
La puta.
Yeah, that's what she said.
She said,
Come on, Celia.
Shame on you,
potty mouth, old bitch.
What, girl, a face?
Which ethnic religious or racial group
is the most overly sensitive,
black, 60, Cubans, 51,
and dark folks are pulling away?
June 17, Chinese,
four, Catholic,
three,
non-forered next set of 135 votes.
No red necks are sensitive,
because to be sensitive,
first of all,
you've got to be able to understand
what people are saying about it.
Their, your IQ has got to be like,
at least,
but third man,
at least that high.
What do you know,
yeah, I feel like I'm on speed today.
Like we're in a big hurry,
because we have a really, really short show
until 12 30.
Rating's coming out at one o'clock.
We're very sorry about that.
We're not going to,
well, you think maybe we ought to put something
on the website about it,
or should we just keep him hanging
till 10 o'clock tomorrow?
We'll keep him hanging.
Here's a call from Gary Acquired Tamarack.
Hello.
How you doing, Uncle Mill?
Okay, sir.
I wonder how we could put this way on the pole.
I don't know if we would fit,
but all that conscientombs
with that bull crap going on in the Senate
or in hatch saying that the other
Democrats aren't good Catholic people
with a whole thing with prior.
Did you hear that, Boone?
Democrats aren't good Catholic people?
Yeah, they're trying to say that because
this prior, the Attorney General from Alabama,
they're trying to put up for a federal judge.
Orangas came out with some crap
that the Democrats aren't good Catholic people.
Yeah.
And he said,
What does that mean?
He said that they're not religious people
because they're not okay in this guy,
because he asked him what it is for a Catholic.
Since when is that more of an asshole Catholic?
Since when is he Catholic?
It's just ridiculous with what they're doing
because he even asked him
if he was what was his religious affiliation.
Yeah.
And it just goes to show
that Republican conservatives,
all of these religious zealots,
zealots to, you know,
zealot, harlot, something,
harlot.
Okay, I have a great thing.
What is he talking about?
I didn't understand a word of it.
I mean, just, you know,
just relax, okay?
Well, yeah, I mean,
Orangad Oronsnatch,
Ankerna Change,
he's the same nut job he always has,
been just like Strom Thurman
wasn't until he stuck his ass in the box
and the Jesse Hums and all these other goyems.
Okay, just calm down.
Enjoy life.
Quick, get yourself so worked up
about a bunch of Nazis, okay?
About a bunch of goose stepping fascists
who've taken over the control of the American government.
Easy for me to say.
Beautiful day here, by the way.
Saw you in 72 right now.
Gonna be 79 low humidity.
It's great.
I understand it's like the end of the world there.
Yeah, we're under water already.
Aw, cheese.
22, 11 at 560 WQM.
The Marlins and the Atlanta Braves
at 1230 with a pregame today.
Are we excited about that?
Or what?
Yeah, the ratings can wait for the Marl.
They're not going to be good.
They're going to be.
I predict.
Come on, just put the optimistic.
No, I'm supposed to be honest.
Okay, this is the honest show.
I'm just telling you my gut feeling.
And I have this sick feeling in the pit of my stomach.
It's going to be really a week.
Hey, listen, you can't be on top forever.
And especially when we're counting on Farrell.
I mean, you know, let's see if he can pull his way.
You know, if he can pull it.
Summer time, Neil Deals are going on right now
at Halibut, the Ag GMC and a sunshine
and a rain, whatever makes no difference.
Here's Neil Deal, numero uno is what it says here.
Get 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 GMC
or Pontiac in stock.
Neil Deal, numero dose.
In any language, get yourself up to a $4,000 rebate
on every 2003 GMC and Pontiac in stock.
Current GMC and Pontiac owners get an additional rebate
up to a grand from your good, close, personal pizons at Halibut.
And of course, Halibut is also got, as always,
a great selection of unbeatable certified pre-owned car
structures UVs.
If you have marginal credit like Beener Boy,
who just, we might have to tell that stir
about the rental car later on.
Pretty embarrassing.
So if you've got marginal credit like him
or most people who work in radio,
don't be afraid to shop at Halibut
because they're not going to worry about
perfect credit to get you a deal.
Attention, everybody in the world,
Tom Laman and Joe Prado have put their rock bottom prices
on every new and new vehicle in stock
during these summer doldrum days.
So be sure to stop by Halibut and experience
just how easy it is to shop there for a great deal.
Halibut, Ag GMC, they're at 134.01,
South Dixie Highway that's right on US one
across from the prestigious Falls Open
every day of your life,
seven days a week except Christmas day.
For more info call the Neil Deal Hotline
tool free at 1-888-534-4211.
1-888-534-4211,
don't forget all these Neil Deals.
Our subject to credit,
a provolacy to folks at Halibut details.
That's at Halibut, Ag GMC,
who are beyond the shadow of a doubt.
Professional grade.
I am low.
This is which when you'll price it,
you will.
She was a community I got.
In a community that leaves and I got.
As far as I can tell,
she was the fantastic iconoclastic Celia Brood.
You know,
if you have sounds of Celia Cruz,
she's dead, you know.
Oh, she was so beautiful.
We need that in New York.
In New York, she's a boy.
She's a biogaric,
a black guy who is in New York.
Two-year group,
new social tools for you.
Available now with the Tuesdays,
used CD and Boya.
I wonder if she ever heard of Tommy Matolia's house.
She sounds off me from her duty, you know.
Braaaah!
Yeah,
Halia Celia's same difference,
same person I think.
That's that.
Yeah, they're much more hot.
Me too, no guerrilla faces.
That would you cry and say,
no, she's the leader,
but a hot one is dead.
Never have a hot bean in her house.
She's not living.
Yeah.
Oh.
So what can you be making out of me?
That was the takeout.
Yeah,
oh man.
Yeah, you know something?
No, wait a minute.
Is that her or is that a man?
That is her, isn't it?
Yeah.
It could be both.
How was it then?
Oh, that is her.
Right?
That's what she sounds like.
I thought she'd over the head when I was just
standing around like an ombre.
And look like
guerrilla.
guerrilla.
yeah,
yeah,
yeah,
she don't be knocking us okay.
We're paying tribute here to old guerrilla posts.
Don't be knocking us for being disrespectful.
Which ethnic religious or racial group is the most overly sensitive
is our pull question today.
180 votes.
Blacks 84,
human 64.
Nobody else even closed.
Do's only 20.
Oi!
Chinese 7,
Catholics 5,
and Rednecks None.
None.
Zero.
No sensitive Rednecks,
and that's a damn good thing.
Don't be picking on a Trader Trash.
Here's a call from West Palm Beach.
Hello.
Hey, I got a little bit of a material here.
What do you want me to start with first?
Whichever one I like.
Here in Cuban Central,
weapon beaching.
And I just,
I can't even whistle one fundamental without
people looking at me.
Because I'm a white looking Latino.
And that.
I want to add Haitians to the list.
Because they can't,
they don't have the same Cuban rule where they put the toe in the crease
or the toe in the stand and
brought the line to can't get in.
So.
It's a good point.
I'm doing great.
Yeah, I do.
You're up there.
I'm, I'm, yeah.
miserable.
Sorry pal.
Thanks.
Better you than me.
Let's put Haitians on there.
And what about,
what about Jamaican?
Yeah,
I would really put them give them some recognition
to cut off your supply.
Let's get the Haitians and the Jamaican.
Yeah, yeah, for damn sure.
You know, that's another,
that's an excellent pull question.
I don't think we've ever done.
I'm, and I just thought of the Jamaican thing.
I don't know how you phrased it correctly,
but what ethnic or religious or racial group do you have the most
difficulty with?
That's good.
That's not worded well.
But you know, you know,
I'm going with that.
I get the jizz of that.
Because I'm thinking Jamaicans, man, I just,
I don't know what it is.
Maybe I have bad luck.
Maybe I just don't meet a nice Jamaicans.
Because most of them just have that,
especially the women I've mentioned this,
at least 20 million times.
Not 30 million.
30 million times.
That imperious kind of condescending hostile attitude.
And that whole,
that whole affected the speech pattern,
that whole thing, that pet,
whatever that is,
makes me want to burp.
Yeah, mine.
What is, no, not the amine.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, correct.
You know, who else does that?
Even my friend Clifton Pullman.
I don't know what he's from one of
the other islands there, man.
Orators.
Oh, I don't know.
No, it worse than that.
Bahamas.
Some place that Celia once
visited.
One dynamite.
Yeah, maybe in Gitmo.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60,
auto AT and T in Verizon.
Wireless line.
Just like Mickey told Eisner,
I'd be very careful next time I started your car.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to add Jamaican,
but you read my mind.
I'm either the punch.
That's right.
Everything you just said,
oh my god, I used to work with Jamaicans.
Yeah, they have this attitude,
this air about them.
It's like, if I fart,
you better smell my ass.
Right, that's what Peter Boy said this morning.
His parts don't stink.
That's the way they are, Phil.
Oh, man, I'm telling you.
But yeah, give me a vote.
For Haitians and Jamaicans.
OK, man.
Thanks, Uncle.
Uncle, man.
Uncle, man.
OK, see, what are my name?
Uncle Remus.
91 for black, 73 for Cubans, only 23 for the Jews.
We're always getting to our changed.
Or maybe we're just getting a wholesale.
Seven for Chinese, five for Canada.
We got to get the Jamaicans and Haitians on it.
It'll spice it up just a little bit.
A little salsa to it.
Ha, ha.
For the life of me, I just, I know there are people like jazz,
there are people like really a hard acid rock,
Hasidic rock.
But salsa, I just don't get it.
What is the appeal of that?
It's a dance to it.
Yeah, right.
And when it stands to well, it looks amazing.
Yeah, OK.
Whatever you say, Beanervoy,
see, he's really enthusiastic about this because
it's come to find out that he's even more Cuban centric
than Miguel that he was two and half the other day.
He was two and a man asked Tuesday.
Really?
Well, I just like to do a picture of that.
Yeah, you like to dance.
Oh, God.
Here's Miami.
This might be the color of the waiting for Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, man, actually, I kind of do you
wouldn't like selling a cruise?
Yeah, because well, number one,
she's black and she's Cuban.
I don't know.
You don't like Cuban.
Well, based on what?
What do you mean I don't like humans?
No, you don't like anything.
You know, it's a plane about them.
You know, I got to.
Why are you sitting there on the other end of the line here?
What are you talking about?
Yeah, you parade them all the time.
I'd be raiding them for being Cuban.
You know, I, you want to hear.
Why couldn't you be in that house of Oude and Cousin?
Why weren't you in there?
Apple.
I just want to take the pause long and let me get it in there.
Hey, buddy, this is the kind of stuff.
260 to be exact.
Which ethnic religious or racial group is the most overly sensitive?
Blacks 103, Cuban 75,
that last asshole, I'm not sure what he was, just an asshole.
He has 5,000 votes in my book.
Jews 23, Chinese 7, Catholic 6, redness 1, Haitians 1,
and I'm sure that you're making it yet.
But your day is coming in the sunshine.
You know what I'm saying?
No, there's a day is coming.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
When is the US?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, we're on.
Just wanted to make some comments on the study of cruise deaf.
I think your choice of humor is taste list.
And it's just not funny.
That she is a Cuban idol and she is the queen of self-so.
I would never make any jokes about a dead person.
And I just think it's funny.
Why not?
Because it's not a funny thing, Neil.
It's, you know, especially you not being Cuban.
You wouldn't understand.
It's like, you know, it's just staring up.
Shit, and it's not.
That's great.
Okay.
That's the end of him.
Yeah.
Get that.
Too bad.
Because I was in, let's you make your point.
But then you had to have blurred out Mierda on the ear,
which I'm not putting on the ear.
He could have said Mierda.
He could have said that.
I'd let that go.
Because the FCC don't speak it upon him.
And that's throwing up anything.
I'm just, we've had plenty of other people have died
and we've joked about it.
I mean, you know, once somebody's dead,
it's not going to hurt their feelings anymore.
But again, this guy wants to prove,
I guess he's upset that the black somebody had a Cubans on our pool.
He wants to boost that up a little bit,
that quotient on the pool.
And I thought you did a good job there, sir.
It's not the only one.
And I took a bird of that out.
Right.
Just throwing up crap and it's tasteless.
I mean, think of all the other people who have died,
that we've, you know,
while she was an icon.
And how about people who are icons in a white community?
How about like when Strom Thurmond died,
he was an icon in the red that community.
They read that's calling bitching about that.
No.
If that's true, it's a die.
And we were going to make fun of my shirt.
Sure, you have no problem.
Are you comparing, I see the cruise to Fidel Castro?
Just the beard.
You know that baby blue car that you drive?
That baby blue.
That would be real, real cautious.
Next time George started your car for you.
I mean, baby red.
Baby red.
It's a red car.
I get a mirror on us.
Baby blue.
You're a little bit more like a carless.
Baby blue azul.
Okay.
Drive that right across the bay to
is what my suggestion is,
into a real fast before your time runs out.
You're a little push.
It's tasteful.
I'm just having a little bit of fun with it.
Okay.
That in fact, that isn't me.
Look at this.
Here's a horrible story.
We could dwell on this all day.
Three US soldiers killed in Iraq for the evidence
that the insurgency hasn't waned.
Three American soldiers were killed today
when their convo was hit by gunfire
and rocket propelled grenades in northern Iraq.
The killings were further signed
at an insurgency against American troops
as not losing strength,
as Washington hoped after the death
Tuesday of Sodom Hussein's son,
Udi and Puse.
How do you like that?
I thought all the problems would be over.
Right.
Didn't work.
Didn't take the heat off either, uh, W.
You watch.
His impeachment day is coming.
You mark my words.
Okay.
Don't tease.
His impeachment day is coming.
1056 at 560 WQM.
Here's something you ought to be having
in your purse and that's Oliomid.
Oliomid, so if you'll contain
the finest olive oil you've ever had in your body,
not just ordinary everyday pedestrian olive oil,
like no name,
but super concentrated,
loaded with health benefits.
Oliomid, every day,
can up produce the risk of all kinds of nasty things,
like heart disease,
duff and high cholesterol.
Plus, there are 14 different Oliomid formulas
to choose from each one from binding,
the finest, the purest,
the best olive oil you've ever heard of
with vitamins,
minerals and herbals
to support specific parts of your health,
like your bones,
to your blood pressure,
your immune system,
and lots more.
All you do is pick out the formulas
that are right for you
and what you're trying to goose up a little bit.
And now you've got three new Oliomid formulas
one to help you sleep,
one after you can show your weight
and sell Q10 for your heart.
Pick some up today at Publix,
Eckerds, Walgreens,
Whole Food Markets,
Nebrons and Sedanas,
or order Oliomid online
if you like it,
OliomidAmerica.com.
If you want more info,
column 231-866-Oliomid,
that's 1-866-6536-333.
Don't forget,
do like I do for better health,
start popping Oliomid
in your push every day.
My high and local
year sports radio 560s,
you ain't
you ain't
Trangilando el pollo para acá.
The normal yellow people.
This one to the sound of
Gondra falling
play,
all going into the scene.
One,
one,
one,
one,
one,
big of both female
and they're like J.F.K.
Good,
a poor,
a better
play,
hurt.
If J.F.K.
at four times,
I'd be
would have known
a five-foot-of-the-cheap
and crappy
play that flow.
I've got a
step my head
about the only way
I would go.
Now, head to the only one
that's left the life
today.
From what they call
the Kennedy curse,
if Doris
he'd kill Gallon
was a life
she'd say,
here up it's only
gonna get worse.
I've said
you the sound of
Gallon Gallon
is a
four-foot-of-the-cheap
flutter-foot-of-the-cheap
flutter-foot-of-the-cheap
flutter-foot-of-the-cheap
flutter-foot-of-the-cheap
flutter-foot-of-the-cheap
flutter-foot-of-the-cheap
with the cancer
hearse was not
I'd play in it's
level two at five
sixty-two
to Q.A.M.
See, I
played that
because that's one
example
of I can play dozens
maybe that's what I'll do
all day today
with a little time
we've got
is every break
when we play a comedy
bit it'll be
something about
somebody who died
an American icon
or at least supposedly
like J.F.K.
Jr.
right, don't forget the
goodbye series
we have eight of those
alone
now but most of those
are making fun of people
most of those are like
heartfelt all of the
sonopera
there's another class
of his life
that's the
hurtive example right there
okay
I've been ripping
Frank Sinatra
ass
for as long as I can remember
okay could he sing
was he
involved with a bunch of
gangsters who made his
career for him
that's still in the
godfather
about him in the
Tommy Dorsey band
yes
now let me ask you this
who do you think
in the
in the
scheme of things
was a greater icon
forget about ethnic
background
no quite
in the history of the world
Frank Sinatra
or Sanya Cruz okay
Frank yeah
Frank is
all this
lot
dummy up
Sinatra
see what I'm saying
sure
we did anybody call
all look at all the
Frank Sinatra bits
that we've got
one foot in the grave
goodbye all blue eyes
strange things in my box
exactly strange things in his
box
including a picture
of a gorilla face
nobody ever called
in made death
reds are got all been
out of shape
see because generally
most people have a sense
of humor but when it
comes into an ethnic
thing
they're like
oh my god you know
in fact even with all
the black stuff that I
play other than one
episode which was
by a bunch of outside
agitators
it had nothing to do
with anybody in the
community any black people
in the south
float area
uh but other than that
you know we don't
get complaints about that
stuff
am I right
yeah well
have you got
a collection
abracurant we have to wait
for an icon to die
i see
a black icon who would that be
how about sammy davis jr
all right
made plenty of sammy davis jr
jokes any black people
offended by that
human black one icon
253 votes which
ethnic religious or racial
group is the most
overly sensitive
blacks 117
cubans 88
choose 27
Chinese 7
catholic 6
jamekin's got four votes
now mine
Haitians 2 and rednecks
have finally got a vote
nice let's hear it
red almost for rednecks
somebody probably from
one of those traitor parts in
miramar
here's for a lottery
hello
good morning now
when is this
hi um i definitely think it's
the black
uh that's for sure
and then just uh just
a little thing i like to talk
about regarding
what's going on in iwak
are you there
i'm here i'm
listening with big red
i think the whole thing is a
smoke screen
what we've been doing
you know going these
countries and blowing them up
i think what's happening is
because the middle east
he hates israel
and we protect israel
i think that's why we went in there
because it's no
wait wait wait wait wait
let's listen to what you just said
he hates israel and we protect israel
who's he
okay he i'm sorry
the president or the u.s
we so we give them money left
right in center uh the middle east
because we hate israel therefore we
give them money
no the middle east hates israel
yeah
so that that's where the problems are
stemming from
that's why
everybody hates us in the world
off meaning the u.s
because we're we're supporting
israel
because i'm tired so everybody
hates to do it
okay thank you
woo
wow was that a great collar
what huh
yeah
oh and speaking of that sound
beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep
that's one of my favorite bits of all
time i scored welcome brin
isn't that one of the all time great
just forgot all about that
he does some stuff
well let's see it because i'm
resurrecting all the stuff that i'm
putting in my dcs over 500 bits by
the way blah beener boy
ow
doing one hell of a job here if you
asked me
how they're impressed
are you ought to be
here's a call from hollywood
online six the magic line hello
hollywood
yeah holly
yes sir great
i wanted to add the rudest group of
people to your list which would be
in my opinion the canadian
that said we're not asking who's the
rudest
okay
in addition to what you're talking about
french canadian because it so
happens that outside of a Quebec
canadians are probably some of the
most polite people on the face of the
earth
except when they come down here
let me let me say it again
except for the french canadian see
here's another guy another another
we got two in a row people have no
idea what they're talking about
which hates is real so we're giving
them all this money we heard that from
the previous guy
because the middle east is uh a
quagmire or some crap like that
and jimmy christ there wasn't an
at-box
and then we got this guy
to tell us that the canadians are
rude i got news for you sir
here in terrarto a we got the most
polite the most wonderful people on
the face of the globe and don't
forget july 30th at Downsview park
we got the big moulson whatever the
hell of the name of that is uh with
the stones and everybody else
the guess who
who else is going to be in it rush
acdc just to think about and a bunch
of other people and the isolated
brothers what's left of them
on july 30th but you ought to see the
the hassle they've been having here
first first the uh powers that be
here the police they started laying
on all these rules you can't bring
coolers and you can because they're
going to have like about a half
a million people there maybe more
okay and you can't do this and you can't
do that and then of course everybody
started getting really sour on that
and the media started making a big
think about that well if you know
why even bother going if you can't
have any fun so they finally
backtracked on a lot of that stuff
and then they were trying to say well
the stones might actually pull out
you know a lot of hype a lot of crap
like that now they're saying now they're
going so far as to say well we know
there's going to be a lot of people
smoking a wacky weed there we're
just going to look the other way i
mean it's one thing to do it but it's
nothing to come out and actually
announce it in fact they might even have
concession stands George oh god
for weed five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T i mean for
anybody see again this this all goes
based on your life experience the only
Canadians that this guy encounters in
Florida of course because that's where
all the swill winds up are the french
Canadians the uh the Pepsi suckers so
that's all he knows is from the root of
nauseous fat uh speedo wearing
disgusting grotesque pieces of turd that
come to the Hollywood and dania beach
and we're where else they're festering
we don't allow them here in ontarioi
i'm telling you i don't i don't see any i don't
hear anybody speak in french i don't see
any frogs let's go go although i will
admit that a few days ago here in this
building and they don't live here thank
goodness but they must have been visiting
somebody to building because there was a
family like in their thirties and they
were walking out behind me so i
held the doors always being in here i'm
very polite like they are i held the
door she said mersey and right away all
they hear out of back of my head all six
hairs in the back of my head like
curled up stood up straight mersey
mersey mercy bookings and i thought to
myself parlay buu if you here's for a
lottery hello yes sir i will call you that
a whole yeah he may be the longest chronic
on your station yeah he is a chronic i
never i think he's on the one where the guy
yells at the bird remember there's a guy
yelling at the bird i hate you play that
that's not him oh it's not i hate the
bird guy yeah it sounds just like him
if you missed the meal ruggish oh
yesterday on six ten w i o d you
missed this is the bird yeah
bird how you doing okay listen do me if
ever play anything because i can't
stand listening to you you start like a
douche bag do you want to do me a
never play anything well can i ask you a
question before you go oh god you sound so
stupid i hate to talk to you yeah go ahead
well why did you call me i didn't call you
not just to tell you not to say anything just
play something oh god can't stand it
well then why are you listening
play something already oh we got to
move in to my head get stand up
you won't see he won't talk to me oh we got a car here hello
what a lame way to get out of that call yeah
we got a car here by the way you know where the
spirit of the bird is resting and resting
right now no i don't know one
dynamite oh god that's what i'm hearing the black
that's the one we're on the bird line see i
have this the strange thing about death
and that is being the heathen that i am once
you're dead you're dead forever that's right you
know you just don't exist anymore that
that's my pleasant way of looking at it you
just cease to exist that's it you you
ain't here no mo we don't say that
what a present thought that is
everybody uh so so what difference does it make
it and i croak there'll be people off that god will dance on his grave
great have a good time they could have bothered me
i'm gonna be dead i'm gonna be in
dead maybe we'll get a dance floor built over
your grave and then uh and you can play
no we know actually what we're gonna do we're
gonna do that for you all right option in fact
to my brain is the one that's gonna like donate
the cash to help us just start that campaign
so we can so you can perpetually over your soul
in your grave you can have a stand up cruise
haunting you all right
who's he cool to you baby
just like jfk jr i make no apologies for the fact
we over him and ask first of all come to find out
now that his uh wife that he was a
a psychotic bitch a drug-induced bitch yeah uh
that everybody in that family was screwing
around like crazy which of course is the
Kennedy fn way and what the hell did he ever do
besides put out a bogus magazine he never
did anything he was his boring his dog crab man
he had a personality like a dead man he had to
invent a job to have something to do
even petty fields has a better person uh
even cat cat hipburn there's another one
didn't i say that i thought she was overrated
she was a good actress but i thought she was highly
overrated and uh you know we have the jimmy
in the cat and hipburn bit which maybe i'll
play maybe i won't
anybody ever complained about that no no it
must be an ethnic thing and that no it
bears out exactly what the poll is about
today and that is that i have no room in my
life for professional ethics see one
thing about me and of course George is
faulty for this because he's got a big
hang up with weekends and some others but
mostly port of weekends i don't care where
you're from i don't care about your family
tree about your burning bush i don't care
about anything in other words if you're hot
let's uh do you know the deed and that's it
and have a nice life i don't i don't really care
i don't ask a lot of questions you know
it makes it so different i think i
think you're probably make that up about the
weekends i make that up you hate port
weekends i do not the head you go that one day
uh do you believe this bonehead boy
i i yeah i yeah i yeah i yeah i
you've never heard of that you was not to cover the
shortfall on your thing there him or me
you know what he says it all the time
he hates port of weekend i don't know if it's been
choking around mexicans what about mexicans
you can't stand mexican i say that i'm not
one of them none of the above all that's
said about you say that because you
consider them to be in that area you're not
chinese if someone were to call you chinese
you'd say i'm not chinese but you i wouldn't
mind being chinese the chinese people
neither would i i just don't have i could be
chinese have a small penis i qualify for
that to have the same argument with them
there you go exact argument with them
no i can't you admit that you're big in it i
have admit that i have problems with different
groups of people but what somebody calls me
says i don't like humans that's bull crap
yeah that's the stereotype i don't like humans
uh... and on tuesday we had Miguel and uh...
vener boy and i we got you there we got three cubans
working on the show the only other people working on the show
but i don't like cubans what kind of crap is that bull crap
i love cubans man to better they look
the more i love him and more often and that's one thing i do love about him
like all other hispanics if it moves they're ready
right i'm telling him i wouldn't know well i didn't my experience
just not like my jurid lido identical twin man i don't uh... brother i don't
want to go in that i'm here no you went into it up here
i went in and i went up in the air like scored scored man
anyway fourteen past eleven got the big ballgame come up anybody interested
marlin's are red hot no three tickets to Atlanta you better hurry though
how low can those interest rates possibly go that's a question that people are
asking you go into the shopping mall that's what they're talking about
now financial group is doing the limbo rock for you under the lowest
refinance rate you ever heard of in your life
one point ninety five percent now you can be finance your home or buy a new home
and give you that super low rate i just mentioned
with financial group one point ninety five percent financing almost unheard of
so call toll-free and save yourself a crap load of cash
call one eight hundred nine four o'land
one eight hundred nine four o'leah and the
you'll have all kind of cash left over now for extra things like traveling like
going to
one
uh... if you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate
call financial group toll-free at one eight hundred nine four o'land and you
talk about savings
wait till you hear this if you have you a one hundred thousand dollar loan
your payments are only two hundred and sixty eight a month if you have a two
hundred thousand dollar loan you pay only
seven thirty six a month amazing so call financial group today and find out
how this can work for you and get you that rate of one point ninety five percent
because interest rates are really at all time lows
call financial group toll-free one eight hundred nine four o'land and tell
me that you know to do to call one eight hundred nine four o'l a
and the the unique housing letter credit restrictions apply and rates have
to change monthly five point one nine eight
p.m.
and all
this is four three o' five city
you're way
away
and then hold your
the firm with you lucky
all right
and
strange things in my box
they're crawling round here chewing on my
bulls
this is revenge here yes i should have been
a nicer guy on earth
nibbling at my brain
our tiny critters i know this for sure this place is a sh**ter
i've done better dives than this
put someone turn on the f**king light
yeah strange things i have done
or should i say that i have ordered it to be done
like cooling row with people's new caps with a gun
bus things goes for fun
hey it passed the time away but look it's time to pass away so
though i may be gone i'm not forgotten
i'll just decompose and smell kind of rotten
i'm just real worm food for strange things
in this box
it goes the lead for tricec
which is
you get it
good
i hate when that happens
try passed eleven at five sixty just an hour ten minutes away from that
marlin pregame show
marlin's at Atlanta they to play to brave 300 votes on the pool which
epic religious or racial group is the most overly sensitive
blacks 135 cubans 109 109
jews thirty two you make in seven
chinese seven catholic seven patience to red next one and the kennedy's
don't have any yet that's right there i wish catholic
yeah you make it's already moved up from zero to seven see how they're
climbing steadily at that later you'll see their local favorite tip they're
gonna make a move here's howl and deal hello
hey knew how you doing okay sir
uh... you know how how do you deal with these idiotic collars that call you
with this you know malachi the garbage
really easy you know how i deal with it because i know that tomorrow's the
twenty-fifth of the month you know what that means for me
what's that payday
don't i care about me
oh my god no one here in Toronto i want to go up there too
yeah polite people friendly very nice you know if you don't have you know
are not the government telling us what to do you got either these uh... dumb
cubans or dumb Puerto Rican or dumb somebody telling us
what the god damn do listen you can only vote once now i don't want to get you
carried away i already voted black and i'm a jew
like that
you know here the jews running around complaining about the stuff we just
handle our business and we do what we got to do i hear plenty of juice
content talking to juice complaining for almost thirty years now so don't tell me
that walk you just out of the uh... well you're an and you're in a
hell and they don't have juice complaining
all the other guy yeah stay out of hell and they'll
everything about happy showcase okay i hope you say this like the cubans uh...
for the weekend's uh... chinese and you bearish okay well he's entitled
here's pember pines hello
a new you know i like to hear the kooz can i have a
well he's the embellished a little bit today was good
uh... a little bit of a wind up there now that i was excellent
that was almost as entertaining as
well we got a speed up the show today boys we only got a two and a half hour show
and don't forget the ratings come out of one o'clock the spring book which i
know a lot of you don't care about that but everybody in the business cares for
all my pizons in a business we apologize profusely
uh... for a stupid baseball game beyond it's uh... clearance again can't get
anything straight now can't do it right
so we'll have to do ten o'clock tomorrow evening the whole report it'll be probably
a little bit anticlimactic wouldn't you think
now what you say that i mean although there are a lot of stations where they
don't tell their uh... the paid help what the numbers are but we don't play that
in here with the good bad or indifferent we uh... with there they are we lay
more on your
so you can be around at one o'clock to receive them you just can let them load
up while you're off at lunch or something
no i'm gonna be here
you think i would miss that well what happened today i had a paper jam
uh... good point you know how many pages are going to come for him to go on by
the way let me i don't want to let's do this on the air okay
because there's no need for them to send me all out of the crap i don't want
eighteen to thirty four i have no interest in eighteen to thirty four oh no again i
better have that for uh... for power and for uh... no and for
and for the parties over station right
so like i said eighteen to thirty four is okay i don't want with all the respect
my close personal friend uh... eddy k i don't want uh... seven to midnight i don't
want weekends
i don't want uh...
i want men twenty five to fifty four
men eighteen plus
you're writing these down yep because they always ask me what i want
and uh... eighteen plus i want many ten to twenty five
and uh... what's the other thing and eighteen thirty four men you want twelve
plus and twelve plus that's it just those four things not all those eighty five
million of their pages that just wasted a lot of we have to cut out a whole
bunch of oak trees up here a
we're not too happy about it
so don't be wasting all my fax paper
just send me the stuff that i need and we can talk about tomorrow and we can
wrench our hands and so it'll make some excuses up make up some story
blink for everybody's got to get a for all of it if it's good we'll give you all
a credit if it's bad haha
just wait baby
here's my any hello
ill yes sir
so it's a big intensive today do you have any idea what the problem between the
human-American national foundation in Lincoln D is the light
uh... been going on because i know i saw something yesterday
uh... league and he is the light uh... bitching out the guy that's the president
of that foundation they were going back and forth about bushes policy
for immigration or something like that they were really going at it
so uh... if you could find something out and uh... one more thing my favorite song for
Celia Cruz is
caragorilla
jotenlo caragorilla
haha
that was that was brutal
i'm gonna die
come on say one more time one more refrain for the west
one time for e-more cities we are
uh...
one time for sweet water and environment
the mid-day
that's her for all your well-posed one time
so you don't
seriously i never heard of her never heard her name before she died last week
that even girl please
not even that
but
now that i'm in so i'm listening to this with an open mind you know because i
otherwise i would have just said to hell with it
i'm listening to it and she does sound like a guy
she just said she doesn't see her man in that season she's a drag queen
so let's hear it for the uh... cuban community in their favorite drag queen
uh...
i mean that is i don't want to drag that aspect of it into it
let's see the black scott hundred forty six cubans hundred and fifteen can't
get the dark folks man that's that gets because they were that's why they run so
fast
you do understand that that's why the black athletes can run faster and light
lightning
no i didn't know that they've had a lot of practice
they had the need throughout history to run like uh... son of a bitch
last one forty six cubans one fifteen june thirty seven
jimaykuens up to eight they're inching up
chinese seven they wish they were inching up
catholic seven patients appear and red they still have only one out of three
hundred twenty three votes
pretty impressive if you ask me well see where we're trying to condense everything
down because that then ballgame the audiences
is
the spots like that
twenty seven after eleven five sixty w two million instead of taking
dangerous drugs to try to grow hair instead of putting a dead animal on your head
like a dead old koon on your head
here's the deal
and that's the natural hairline system for my close personal buddy Charles
alphiere it's the most amazing natural hairline system ever invented which is
why even a millionaires and billionaires go see Charlie because for no price in
the world can you get your hair looking better so if you have that nasty male
pettered baldness that's hit you and you have a big gigantic shiny bald spot
right now is the good time to check this out because Charlie's offering his summer special
hair system the natural hairline system is only five hundred and forty nine bucks
for first time customers right now and if you already have a hair system you can save yourself
fifty percent on service and repair of all types of hair systems including shampoo and trim
believe me what i tell you those of us who work at qaim know that if you have a really silly
animal diet on your head and you walk around looking like you leave the house in the morning
looking like that with your checkered pants and your dead raccoon fallen off the side of your
people after ass off at your so the choices yours if you want to look younger and better than you
have in the years in a raccoon's age then call chuck alphiere you have nothing to lose but the
bald spot because here's the guarantee from Charlie if you try one of his hair systems for 30 days
no other way it looks and feels and smells return it get your money back so what he got to lose
beside the shiny bald spot called Charles alphiere today and look fantastic call one eight hundred
three two one twenty four thirteen that's one eight hundred three two one twenty four thirteen
or check out his website Charles alphiere.com
my life and love all six is four twenty oh five sixteen
you weigh two a half
good bye John Decau
too bad you had to go flying in an experimental path that was made of fiberglass
you wrote that it's all
yeah
four way too long now your life has ended much like your career a fell upon and ran
and you wanted to fly like rocky mountain high in a plane with this seaweed
what happened say
to take the country road instead
and some giant was on your shoulder when you are
girl in your senses still not
don't be more the country boy was
in
good bye John Decau
thank god i thought a country boy who writes all about his good as he can fly a
late
all your song for late
but you made money yet you tried to act like a downhomed country
to appeal to those with no praise
as you wanted to fly like rocky mountain high in a plane with this seaweed
what happened say the
or who take the country road instead
and some shine without your show that when you are
today your senses still not
don't be fall the country boy was big
all of us John Denver fans we'd write you to crawl in and bellyic now with a
fact we're making fun of John Denver Chris his body even warm anymore but nonetheless
how dare you make fun of John Denver huh
right especially somebody like George who is looking for that country fever
morning high what are any kind of high the Rocky Mountain High that's the one
347 votes red next to Haitians three Catholics seven Chinese sevens you
make and say that for to their moving up for the east side
Jews 41 Cubans 125 Black 154 most overly sensitive racial
ethnic or religious group
this thing i know is from now did you talk about this at length or not at all
about the report we had it on our website thanks to bonerboy
but more than a more than a thousand victims of abuse in the Boston art
sticies right we mentioned it and pointed them to the website
over six decades likely more than a thousand people were molested by Roman Catholic priest
and church workers while leaders in the Boston art sticies engage in a massive and
excusable failure to do anything about it the massive 20 general seven report Wednesday
that outlines the result of a lengthy criminal investigation
whether consider this is this is the part i like the best the sentence
whether considering the number of victims or the number of accused priest
the magnitude of the art sticies history of clergy sexual abuse of children is staggering
mass attorney general tom riley said in his report the mispronement of children was so
massive and so prolonged that it borders on the unbelievable
for the way he said how do you like that for those people who kept trying to come up with that
wells and isolated incident and he was just making it up and most priests are really good priests
and yada yada yada yeah right that's a one little area yeah right starting it about the
Los Angeles and moving around from a to Boston everywhere in between and over to the Middle East
in the Uranus one little area called the earth i just mentioned that in passing father paranoia
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight we are really said you
intensive today because we want to you know honor this fine lady
for the terrific work that you did for the importance that you the greatest thing
see the fact that she was held in such greatest theme tells me again that those domino
players down there man they their taste is in their tukas you know yeah man now what do they
vote for bush here's a call from bokeh hello morning the way doing okay sir what is uh
what does mo mean by europe type smoking guy with no life what exactly does that mean that guy's
like so better yeah yeah i've never seen uh say your cruise in uh Edward and i always like a call
where the guy is like he's asking rhetorical questions you know he said he's just flirting and
spirting in the uh go spurts somewhere else of course work maybe you can allope with moe and give
him some new checkered pants and by the way he made some crack when he did the crossover with
for well about uh you know he wishes i had a pair of plants with a pants with a pleat in him
first of all these people can crease or a crease a pleat whatever a crease yeah at least they
don't have a crease or pleat in my head or dead animal on it or checkered pants
hey listen moe for anybody to be talking about fashion plates you are not the one absolutely
here's a call from poppano hello hey yeah yes sir definitely juzon black
and then i disagree with your caller there about canadian uh yeah fairly nice but there's no
canadian left the uh trotto and canada's ulti-naked indian pakistanie chinese you know it's uh
cnc but you know today no you don't understand trotto is part of the so you don't understand trotto is
a multicultural city but they're all they're all canadians um not necessarily they keep their
heritage i just have my father a lot out and i would he lives in north yore it's all chinese they've
been chinese fine that's not canadian to me have you ever been in la in the last few years
no i haven't well you were you're fine korean and the vietnamese and chinese signs all over
the city in la now that that's what in multicultural cities all about like we understand that but
there in canada i'm just i'm talking for the whole not trotto the whole it's uh it's not canadian but
what's the canadian anymore uh canadian is somebody who lives here who's a who's a canadian citizen
that's that's what it is no matter where they're from see you're missing the point these people
will understand i mean what's an american right what is an american any number of these things i
mean a native american is an indian you know you can go play the assemble bingo that that's a
native americans everybody else is like from someplace else that's why i keep saying the thing with
the labels it makes me want a barf okay listen i live part of the year right here in a great city
where the people the five-minute people they generally get along we don't have any ghettos i mean
there's some neighborhoods that aren't as good as others but we don't have any ghettos and of course
a lot of the violent crime which is increasing as thanks to guns being smuggled across the border
mostly from detroit i'm not getting a lot of the thing about it but you can just use your imagination
that's where most of the crime is coming from which is just a fraction of what i remember the story
i had that day about detroit and winzer now about all the differences the differences between the
stats there people killed by guns and detroit winzer which are right across the ambassador bridge
right across the border and they and they adjusted the stats you know for population is obviously
detroit's much bigger than winzer but i mean it was staggering it was just unbelievable
and the reason that more people aren't getting killed by guns here is because most people don't
have them a most people don't want them a i just mentioned that in passing especially as compared
to america where now there are as many guns as there are people it's about 280 million people
and there's 280 million guns well the time like this guy in New York yesterday nobody's talking
about that i noticed right see that that's a new deal in american politics if you can't beat him
shoot him yeah this guy was gonna run for office against this york guy and you know if you
get this is an easier way eliminate him that's like the good old days of politics
i was just getting your grips in that right 20 i was getting choked up about for sure you
oh seriously i don't want to like make fun of her well sure i do but no but i mean why would
anybody get so emotional about something oh but you don't understand what you were see stop
with the chupacabra and all of a sudden bold crap okay and this just be a person that's my
best i know it's not gonna work it's my best suggestion the professional cat flex and professional
jews and professional cuban i have no woman my life or it makes me gag professional fag it's the same
thing you know like that fruit fly out of the front desk there uh you know freaky carlos there's a
professional fruit fly i don't want to be associated with that with it whatever the hell it is
or whatever it thinks it is today kuchi kuchi uh they help with Susan luchi i mean get out of my face
poodle when i come back to time i'm gonna you're like a mole mask or something so that when i leave
the studio i'm gonna leave the studio i mean i want to be costed by some screaming faggy queen
out there in a lobby that's a good idea i'm gonna be involved with that thing okay and that's
a professional fag it anyway eleven forty one at five sixty wq people you can get bring them up here
and get them married off to somebody i can't imagine what hey if you're on the atkins when
you have a low carb sugar free diet you need to know that the lights of white book is the number one
low carb store in the entire universe with over nine hundred low carb sugar free products they're
gonna have lots on the shelves to keep you satisfied and happy and stay on the straight and narrow
pad and the lights of white book is introducing great new products every month this month there's no
exception be sure and try the new low carb instant cup of soup what you do is add water pop it in the
microwave for low carb cup of a meal check out this sinfully delicious low carb muffins for a quick
you own individual size cheesecake almond snack cakes the blindies are in six different flavors now
the at last brand chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars something long overdue because they have no
maltitol so you won't be spending all day on a pot carburet ready to drink chocolate vanilla shakes
those are low carb meals in a can duties low carb peanut riddle with sense i do that every time don't i
every time riddle it is it it's uh unburly but brittle but a little bit of it got low carb pasta
sauces dressing chips chocolates in their famous carbolite ice cream reason i do that is because
that my sugar shock starts kicking i haven't had pre-de-peat for a second i can't say i can't say
peanut brittle because it's just that will put me over the edge don't say peanut brittle that would
do a penis brittle will put me right over the edge is your penis brittle no supple anyway come in and
try them all and delicat west book has got all the econs brands products on sale for you all day
air of the day they're open daily ten to ten and they're on the northeast corner of blades in
four forty one next to Boston market thank goodness nowhere near where moly's column toll free at
one eight seven seven low carb or shop them on the web at lowcarb.com don't forget delicat west
book would definitely be your official actin's retail seven
local
pretty ends done after if you like american idol then you'll love the tv talent hunt for those
wanting to sell their sold their best art it's say you're not
keeping a pop star the bow down and worship me
say you're idle if you thought Simon Cowell was evil he's nothing compared to the friends of darkness
oh man like that
that was horrible liar you wasted the else of prop star you will never ever be a star unless
you let your eternal soul to be
find out who's willing to make a deal with the devil for start and fame and fortune they'll miss
Satan's idol you'll be damned if you do
1147 at 560 wqm I think maybe I phrased my question wrong today maybe a better question would have
been instead of who's most overly sensitive which group is most emotional
because I think that's really the key to this whole city of cruise historian
safforda is the hysterical he's like a conny in a godfather she's hysterical
that's enough sweetheart put the lid on it on the box
173 say blacks are the ethnic religious or racial group that are most overly sensitive
I don't know how you can say that well I mean if this certain things certain things right you always
got to Jesse Jackson's popping up any else sharpens and making things into a racial issue that
really aren't and things like that everybody's got their certain things but generally speaking I
don't think you're average your schwarf sir I mean a black person is like all that Cubans 132 they
got my vote because after spending all these years in safforda can there be any doubt no now you
voted for blacks me yeah I voted for Irish oh some of the words you're not saying I voted for blacks
how could you do that oh Jay think of the things that have come up not necessarily here locally which
I see your point but just overall no but I don't think sensitive is that that's you can't say
well think of current events maybe recently on the show concerning bits and things like that
but I'm not gonna have any already made reference to that that wasn't our listening audience that
was outside agitated right I'm being all encompassing as opposed to local no no no okay well whatever
and addition was that was all foamed by a bunch of lily white right wing assholes too
who are I don't stand that is black as you and I are well me anyway black 175 Cubans 132 Jews 50
Jamaicans nine seeds they're moving up very slowly but surely they creep in on your
mark those Jamaicans Catholics eight Chinese seven Haitians four red X2 it's amazing that Catholics
only have eight because all this fear and history especially in the wake of that boss in our
size these report about oh they're picking on the Catholics again and then we go that that one
guy what does that guy William Randolph Hearst no no you know though that's interesting that's a good
movie what does it catch me out yeah and this is a good movie about William Randolph Hearst and the
story goes according to a lore that he shot and killed this guy because he thought the guy was
Charlie Chaplin turned out it wasn't Charlie Chaplin it was this other director who's lore and
why is he telling stories why he said the story according to lore anyway see every anything to
like throw me off because he knows I'm a daughtering old man I didn't know what that was talking about
no but anyway he so he shot and killed this guy because he thought he was a Charlie Chaplin he
he who was making a play for his young wife William Randolph Hearst on his on his cruise on
the cruise
so you don't and so he's the boy turned out it was this other guy don't let it you know it's a good
movie the cats me out anyway so what was I talking about you just before that William Randolph
Hearst no before William Rand I was trying to say somebody else and you come up with William
Oh William the guy the Catholic guy William he's from the Catholic league or something like that
Donna Donna Hugh oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I know I'm talking about I mean he's gonna
Hugh as opposed to Phil no William Donna here right and he is the most rabbit I mean seriously if
anybody's got rabbi it's this guy oh yeah and he showed that he's not is forming it to my bad
I'm just crazy first if you say in position or torque him out of he says you're anti-Catholic
here's a lady in Miami hello hello yes ma'am I guess how why good how why fine thank you yes I'm
coming you in the first time that I call she believe me you're not gonna get rating from my call
you're so always perfect person for somebody who just die and talk like that for somebody
I'm not somebody tell you a cruise how you can be like that for somebody who just die
yeah the Catholic yeah why don't you call me by Frank Sinatra didn't die too long ago did you
call me about him when I make friends in after I wasn't boring that time you are a hazard you
are a people shit I'm gonna yeah we got to dump another one did you dump it yeah yeah I think
did you sure I think she said it with a C8 store yeah see there you go again here we get more
of hate and of course we never hear from any of those these people that are calling out just
like during the early on days people aren't even supposed to be listening out there if you ask
them but oh no right you are pizza cheat and whatever else you said yeah cheat music that's
what she was talking about right she wasn't bored during Frank Sinatra days excuse me it's really
as I'd be older than my mom yeah who the hell are you kidding Chiquita we're gonna send your ass
off to yeah yeah she's dancing cheek to cheek or as to ass as Jennifer would say 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on here's another lady and I mean hopefully a little better than that one hello
hello yes man hi how are you I'm very well I'm very much enjoying your show
well so I let you know for mentioning that I can encircle three of those blocks I'm Cuban I'm
Catholic and I have some black blood all right all right right I can cook too listen I just
want to let you know that I think personally the most in my experience the most overly sensitive
group would be the truth but then again they're also there are the most overly judgmental because
they've been pursued and prosecuted for so long they they've earned the right to be overly sensitive
or you know who I left off there I left gaze off my list how can I do that oh my god I'm not
you know who you know who else you left off that list yeah oh they're not sensitive they're used
to it they were conditioned to okay that's what I say that's what I say but I just wanted to share
that with you and let you know that if the Jews win you know what they were in the right to win
amen you know they've gone through too much and they've you know come ahead and they've shown us
all a lot nothing like ahead okay have a happy tissue bove you too you take care now bye bye you
uh get gays on here right away how can I leave off gays I mean what what am I huh how to
slide out of mind you're gay yeah I guess you forgot where I am 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon everybody quit being so professional fill in the blank okay that's the main thing
that's right be it could be in a professional fill it in all the goddamn labels everybody's
got to have labels we got designer labels we got ethnic labels we got religion man the greatest
breeder of hate in the history of the human race the other ones are a little bit more obvious okay you
know where your skin is this color it's yellow it's black it's a beige it's a pink whatever it is
it's purple but the other ones are like self-imposed all these freaking religious labels all these
far bison of the god squad the Jesus Christ there's the Moses the Moshe purpose all of these people
all of the above here's a call from bokeh hello yeah this is Josh I was just calling to see if
more people are out of futile than at any of her concerts and just for the record I'm complaining
about Frank Sinatra okay okay thank you so much there's our first complaint about Frank Sinatra
all right good that's evening things out now a little bit now we got about 20,000 more to go
be even yeah we had a couple of crotchety old parts that that was all they did yeah called him
picked on me because there was making fun of Frank Sinatra that's what he couldn't sing as well
about papers sack okay agreed the only man in history who talked through a song never sang
a no just used to talk strangers and everything new york new york he just talked along you know
kind of like a little bit a little bit of a little bit of voice and that was it kind of like
one like that thank you ever see them together no rest my case same person although she was a lot
more macho than Frank he was kind of like a little weasel guy who always had to have somebody else
beating the crap out everybody for him you know unless you got into a good drunk yeah what was the
book that I read one of the biographies said man he was a nasty snotty little temperamental drunk
a mean prick is what he was yeah but then according he had the right kind of friends he could
afford to be like that if you catch my drift mm-hmm five six seven oh five six to get
gays on it list right away rhymes with gay come on Eric get with it get us fags on air four minutes
still noon I feel like we're being cheated the day don't you no well no you don't because you're
trying to be coup rate from your illness being a boy he don't give a crap because he's he's probably
got another appointment with the ticket defense team no maybe he's gonna pump with the rental car
a city's gonna pay the five hundred bucks that he owes because he didn't have insurance to
cover his rental car while his baby blue was being fixed it's a long list this guy got stories
or he got stories man this is the only guy in the world who could go to the bathroom to take a
dump and come back ten minutes later and have like a four hundred page book he could write about
the experience and he'll bet them a resume wow any of the ghost writer you need a ghost
one
when the time comes to have your carpets clean and looking just like brand new you should know by now
the best in the universe I've been used in for over 20 years dry concepts over the years they've
done an unbelievable job not just for me but just about everybody I know my relatives my enemies
my friends dry concepts are the number one carpet cleaning company for over 20 years because
they're the only people that do that exclusive patent deal where they really dry clean your carpets
same deal that they do on your clothing and our dry concepts offers you an opportunity to say
15% on your next carpet cleaning just call them tool free at the usual number one 800 two four eight
five oh seven one and ask to be put on their stand by list and then dry concepts will
call you next time they have an opening in their schedule just like when you fly stand by if
you're available when they have an opening bill not 15% off the regular price so now's a smart
time to do it don't wait till next spring or any other time called dry concepts today
ask to be put on their stand by list they might even have an opening for you the very same day you
call and do the job pronto and they always do a stupendous job and now you can say 15% off the
regular price they give you a written guaranteed price upfront your carpets are drying just a
couple of hours smelling lemony fresh and you'll be amazed at the spectacular job they do for
you call them today and do yourself a favor call dry concepts 1 800 two four eight five oh seven
one or check them on the way of it dry concepts dot com
hi
we're sports radio 516
you a
i am frail iliana
rrrr
rrrr
lydin
and i like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels and listening to the near
roe
ok i'm gonna eat that hour
take i am
all the white folks hate the black folks and the black folks hate the white folks
to hate all but the right folks is an old established rule about during
national brother to eat national brother to eat lean a horn and sheriff park are dancing cheap to
cheek it fun to utilize the people you despise as long as you don't let them in your school
oh
all the poor folks hate the rich folks and the rich folks hate the poor folks all of my folks
hate all of your folks it's american as apple pie but during
national brother to eat national brother to eat new yorkers love the quetz or weekends
cause it's very chic step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand you can tolerate
him if you try all the Protestants hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestants
and the Hindus hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews
ballerii
national brother to eat national brother to eat quetz national everyone smile as one and
other hood week be nice to people who are inferior to you it's only four a week so have no fear
be grateful that it doesn't last all year
215 60 W. Quetz are big new to one half hour
436 votes on this pool blacks 197 overly sensitive group humans 146
Jews 60 to make ends 10 you see how very quietly and how they're sneaking up the ladder
yeah 10 Catholics 9 Chinese still with seven Haitians for rednecks to engage just one
out and everybody got one all right let's hear it for them gaze okay
56705 655 see when somebody now look if you need somebody new to make conversation you might say
well where were you from you know Miami New York but I know but when you start saying like
well where are your people from right who are you people from yeah well what's your family tree
they you know that person who's asking those questions is a bigot you know what I'm saying
that's the first tip off anybody who cares about crap like you from right so be an
boy where you're from hunger here's a call from four Lauderdale hello hey Neil yes sir
I'm a white button Detroit you forgot to mention the tunnel you said the ambassador bridge
okay come over the bridge right and sink or swim and I'd rather sit with a table of
tunes than a table of guinea d dinner okay great 56705 60 pound 560 on a 18th
horizon I guess he won't be eating at the forge anytime soon no go back to Detroit okay
pali here's a call from Fort Pierce hello Neil yes sir listen you missed out on the best one the
most sensitive of all yes yeah the Bush Maister lovers the Republicans man okay
56705 60 pound 560 on a 18th horizon wireless line to bed we got that ballgame at 1230 you know it
yeah damn it here's a lady in four Lauderdale hello hello Neil yes man hi I often listen to you
um about Toronto you know I lived in Toronto as a girl in the 53th house had some very good Canadian
then I moved to New York because I resolved with a job and I had romantic interests and so on
but you know that it's amazing this ethnic population change in our lifetime you know right
when I lived there there wasn't a single Chinese or Chinese restaurant there wasn't a single black you
know and the minority groups then were fins and serbs Eastern Europeans you know Dutch
uh okay I you know it was a very very nice place but I think a lot of this change in population
it's due to the fact a lot of these people come from what was formerly the British Empire you know
Hong Kong Singapore and Jamaica I mean they've all made enormous changes and moved around
just as my native country England now you know about me as large populations of
your Macons and Pakistan is but I wanted to ask you just um Toronto still have a massive hall
I have no idea because it used to have symphony concerts massive hall you know after the Canadian
massacres but I do remember there was always a large Jewish population it's holy blah blah holy
blossom temple you know I have no idea anyway regardless of Toronto I lived there as I say before
they even thought of a subway do the I guess the cable cars don't run up and down young and
basically there's still some cable cars around there's still a few of them just a really fancy
oh well anyway and I never have and I never heard of Celia Cruz until this week well you weren't
much have a nice day you too thank you so much 56705 60 pound 560 on the 18
now that is not Celia Cruz is it please look at it it is no that was a set of Cruz
I told you that he didn't have the pleasure of being a brainwashed from the first word now
seriously if that don't sound like a guy huh I mean I think it was very intempore to be to be
calling her guerrilla post I thought that was kind of faceless wait at least another week or two
you know but that that sounds like a guy guy with a dress don't sound too divine to me some more
like Andy divine trombos 7 months do some more old Toronto trivia oh I'm sorry not you know
every week half the customers at dial amatris are repeating referral customers because they know
that one 800 mattresses got the best brands at discount prices every day of your life without
any of the hassles of showroom shopping without the rip offs too and they know what real customer
service is all about because nobody beats dial amatris direct number one no broke satisfaction
in the universe one 800 mattress has delivered down to a science you get to pick delivery date
in time to fit your schedule you get into our windows you're out sitting home all day when
other words they'll be there when it's convenient for you and speaking of that to all
mattress delivers evenings weekends even on a holidays it's easy to see that once people
try buying amatris and dial amatris they would never dream of going back to the old showroom
shopping again the lovely Miguel recently called 1-800-MATTRES and got the world treatment in fact
it was such a great mattress his wife got his fiance what his wife to be got pregnant no time at all
they were right on time they set it up took I guess his wife should have been on time too you know
set it up took out the old bed for free the works and for all you high-end shoppers
dial amatris has a full selection of the finest beds available anywhere like the silly crown jewel
sort of perfect night you're a good one to laugh by the way yes the world class and king
co-op perfect contour dial amatris also has temper pete if the famous Swedish faux mifuses so
only another minute pick up that instrument right now and call my good personal friends 1-800
mattress right now 1-800-MATTRES will be there in no time at all not going on your dome
guaranteeing you a great night's sleep or check them on the web if you like it mattress.com
oh yeah we have to like good I know but I network stuff here we have the word police
watching and listening to every freaking word as long as it's in english right and by the way I
get the most sensitive people clearly to me it's got to be I you just have cubans in there but
any any any Latin population there's their the most sensitive by pouring away really absolutely
even Spain even Spaniards yeah Mexicans absolutely yeah I don't think so well yeah
yeah I'm gonna read the Spaniards yeah why oh for my step that is Spaniard and my god the guy
will buy that proves it to me okay I'm convinced oh trust me yeah that on don't number one I don't
trust you number two year full of crap I don't think Spaniards are uptight about any of that stuff
I don't know what you're talking about maybe it's just a football thing that's football of the you
football right if if you TBL football sissy stuff 5 6 7 0 5 in fact the only violence that goes on
in that kind of football is in the stands at every game a lot of bloodshed and murder in the
highways and byways on a way to and from and during the game 457 votes blacks 208 humans 153 the
which ethnic religious or racial group is the most overly sensitive blacks 208 humans 153
juxtapcy two Catholics 10 Jamaicans 10 see the already caught up to the Catholics Chinese still
with a same 7 phony votes Haitians 4 red next to and gays still have only one we still have only one
fat wall only one vote for gays now how come you got 75 stars on this call here's a call from
medley which could be a short one hello medley yes are you going for me here's a call from my
halondale hello yes sir hi how are you all right how are you great I wanted to talk to you I take
issue with what you said about frank synatra yeah you say frank synatra sounded like he was talking
when he was singing you couldn't sing for crap that's my thing the reason the reason that he
sounded like he was talking when he was singing is because you understood every word he said
not like other singers that when he is when he sings you can look to any other singer listen to
a whole song at the end of the song you won't be sure of a few words they said with
frank synatra sang you understood every word he said yeah I still think he couldn't sing for
crap that's my opinion I did not and I mean what's that we can argue it till midnight I think he's
stunk well it's not a question argument from the frank synatra's the greatest thing that ever lived
when he sang you can understand every word he said you can understand you can understand every
word that I'm saying right now too including goodbye that doesn't mean I'm a great singer does it
no can you understand what I'm saying yeah I understand you as long as I slow down the old
sounds like he called though I'm a reporter I'm sure glad he called yeah not another old fart
a good another old New York fart you could understand it and he wouldn't respond to the fact that
I said he couldn't sing that's not important you could just understand every word when victim
victim on saying you can understand every word when l martino sings you can understand every word
in fact I'd rather hear l martino sing you know you know when lute reads saying you also malved
everything you could understand every word well l martino was in a godfather yeah I can even
say I can slap I understand everything he just said it don't make him a great singer doesn't
no oh he might have been in my opinion opera singer what the hell kind of crap is that see that's
that old I mean the fossilized crap making excuses you could understand every so
but you're just a brainwashed guy from another generation that's all pal it's sad brainwashed by
the mob and it's true a lot of the people that they put over in Vegas I'm not going to mention
no names besides the North Africa's he's dead we can always pick on people who were dead but
I mean those people that were headlining in Vegas in fact you remember the scene with the
interagust you were talking it but Michael was talking to al martino we'd like to have your godfather
we're like anything from my godfather Mike we know that convinced you have some of your friends and
show business come once and twice a year and entertain here in Las Vegas no problem which is
why a lot of those people that I don't want to mention any names 12 18 I beg your pardon because
they might be listening they they might be listening I don't want to mention most name because
you know the problem with him no what even although the rumor is that he claims he hasn't listened
to the show in two years number one he hasn't been in a market for two years the number two we know
for damn sure that he listens constantly because he's always quoting I'm listening yeah we know
phony balloon probably got a Sony walkman out there on the links probably playing golf in the
rain two stupid again but hey can you imagine what that piece looks like after being out there playing
golf in the rain oh no what wow probably got to put that damn thing in the dryer for six hours
and the piece two 12 19 at five sixty WQ if you want to see the best in horse race cymo casting
that hold head over to pomp and oparck harness racing track pomp and oparck is open every day seven
nights a week featuring the best in harness throwbred and highlight action from all across North
America for you to watch and wager on plunger guts out and general parking and emissions always
free on friday and center denights the fourth floor players lounge is open featuring a full special
course dinner package for only five ninety five enjoy plenty of free seating hundreds of TVs to
view your favorite track from where you can get yourself a private box with your own TV monitor for
just two and a half bucks and it's all done in a smoke free environment coming up this weekend
is the second biggest day of harness racing in the world at the middle ends race track
Saturday you'll see the elimination races for the million dollar Hamiltonian trot plus the
four hundred thousand dollar final the west pacing championship that's all happening this
Saturday you can watch and plunger guts at pomp and oparck as pomp and oparck harness on it
a block south of the land and pull apart on power line road call nine five four nine seven two two
thousands of daily stomach casting scheduler go on web at pomp and oparck dot com pomp and oparck
first part you can plunge your lungs out my life in local sports radio five six you a
m
all right
one foot in the grave they say that i have no chance to be saved
and see the light now i'll be checking out before the night is
you notice we can understand every word he said wow let's
tell me not the board but i wasn't posing very soon i'll be
decomposing sammy and deno soon i will be with you see the light blue is me
can't understand any way because nobody can even raise one foot in that grave
what i want to say someone for phobras i got one foot in the grave
people are surprised that i am still alive
didn't die in ninety five i don't think i'll sing today my life is fading far away
whoa made it through the night this is surprising did not think i'd see that's
surprising not back for a guy who's one foot in the grave
cookle lady dalson middle where the Nelson middle officer
where is Nelson is he dead?
Barbara Westman's lucky i'll check it out baby
he can't think this is f***ing
that's what i'm sure trump but i could understand every day i'm pretty sad
yeah 1225 at five sixty wqm now we got the marlins and a braids coming up in five
don't forget muy importante we got the ratings coming out of one o'clock the spring rating book
and of course you won't read it in times like his column his excuse being that wow he's in
hollywood again being winded dying and smooth reading those boring boring pieces about the fall
hollywood shows every day the tv shows so that'll be his latest excuse for not covering radio in
a market which he doesn't do you won't read it in kevin back to his column in a hero because he's
busy being a sports expert now and you won't read it anyplace else probably in the newspaper
said maybe a 12 plus number that doesn't mean anything so tomorrow morning at 10 we're going to
like dissect these numbers and we're like gonna we're doing all and if you're real nice to me
maybe i'll like spend a whole hour like just reading numbers like 1.2 and 3.7 and the big like
fox sports head last month that's pretty good nice god pity bouldier man and that comes right
on the heels of david Ross and it's stupid comment about wow we found we found a niche for another
sports station in the market they got a whatever the hell was he said yeah we found a niche for
nobody listened to i thought i'd
yeah the idea is probably on his right now or maybe that's most probably he's got an itch on his ass
see people think he's picking his ass maybe his ass itches could be if his skirt are always
itching maybe he's got because i understand him when you get in 90s sometimes it's a
crotch rot is inevitable it's just one of those things that come up at part of the knowledge
thank you mom's hey that'll get it out of your system anyway well to put you in a better mood
before the weekend yes apparently prison planet dot com somebody's either attacking it or
they've taken it down or something's wrong with it why is that because prison planet dot com i've
been trying to get on their all data get that story on and prison planet dot com is not coming
up on any computer huh the whole site seems to be on i don't know that last night and today it's
it's impossible i mean i'd be surprised if you can get to just w w dot prison planet dot com right
now can't do it i'm just clicking i just clicked it on our thing there on our page yes
it's not it's not going anywhere hmm then then how do you like that yep well you know they put a
lot of very subversive stories on here a lot of stories that l government they don't turn too
crazy about it including that one i say you today that was pretty subversive stuff we don't
want to have that people mean oh yeah that was that was dr kelly vince foster that was the story
about what happened to dr david kelly in the uk allegedly committed suicide that's a very important
article in addition to which it's got a whole list in there of all the yeah that's probably why
it disappeared yep it's got a list of all these biological experts uh the top microbiologists
in the world are dying and it's got like a dozen of them who died on a very serious mysterious
mysterious circumstances in the last year and a half you know it's cool i'm going to scan this
and i'm going to put a copy on there well you better watch it now we don't want to sit don't do
that because then our website will go down yeah good point not that we want to be a versus
about it but we'd like to keep the website going so just use your judgment in other words don't do it
you jackass sure you know he's gonna he's gonna show them a thing or two so as i was starting to say
before was so rudely interrupted with whatever that was we got the marlins and the meds coming up
and the appraves over the hell there playing nobody cares and uh so ten o'clock tomorrow we'll do
this reading thing right and i don't want to put a lot of pressure on for all but the pressure
it's all you baby it's all you i'm passing the i'm passing the uh wand the baton water
in his capable uh inquirin hands passing the horn in the passing wand in his hand oh no god
forbid a mode on what let it go a wand that's his amethyst color so this we got the ball game
coming up at 12.30 we always going to release the music all right i knew it what better could we do
than some music off from our favorite say the crew sing it high come on now come on no more your
barito modern all incredible it really is come on you can go
what do you want to go
incredible
uh
yeah
yeah
This is South Florida's only-re-a-sort-season WQA and Miami Fort Lauderdale.
A recently broadcast group feature.
www.QAM.com
