We did it! We did it! We did it!
Saddle who sings the mother f*** up!
Saddle who sings the mother f*** up!
Saddle who sings the mother f*** up!
Saddle who sings the mother f*** up!
I racked the capy little country
Smells like the mustache on a space
Just get rid of that
You're a drink of chubby and blow up
The whole goddamn place
Saddle who sings the mother f*** up!
Saddle who sings the mother f*** up!
Saddle who sings the mother f*** up!
Saddle who sings the mother f*** up!
I racked the capy little country
Saddle who sings the mother f*** up!
Saddle who sings the mother f*** up!
Saddle who sings the mother f*** up!
Saddle who sings the mother f*** up!
Saddle who sings the mother f*** up!
10101 at 560 WQM, we got him
Did you notice that we got him?
Yeah
We got him
Anyway, the market is going up there
There's Bompassani's got a big smile on his push
And you got four more years of George W Bush
I hate to say that, but I think
Then we'll call off the election
Which is what a lot of people like to do anyway
Yes
Okay, before we get any of that
And a nice goin' Lynn
Lynn Samuel's on her website today
Has got a
National Security Archive Picture and Article of Mirrors
They showed it on the CBC yesterday
But of course the American ass-looking media won't show it
There's that old file footage of Rumsfeld shaking hands with
Sodom Hussein back in 1983
And they showed the whole background around that
Maybe they did somewhere in US
Because you can't watch them all all the time at the same time
Especially with all that football
How about them Patriots?
Oh!
What's the point of this?
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
Especially Dick Kebhard. What an asshole he is.
Dick Kebhard comes on yesterday
Dick Kebhard comes on yesterday
And he says, well you know if they're asking about the political implications of capturing Sodom
And he says, well you know we have to be honest about this.
But the administration can bring this all to a successful conclusion in Iraq and Krashe al-Qaeda
And maybe we ought to just be ready for another four years of George W. Bush and Salud are a tip-ar hat to him
I'm thinking of what the hell are you doing?
Like it's just uh
They're like forfeiting the game before it started
You jackass dick kebhard
Man
But the only ones that had the balls that he had to tell it like it was were Al Sharpton
See I can't stand Al Sharpton but the fact that it matters is he says all the right things most of the time
And he's got a great sense of humor
You despised Al Sharpton as much as most?
I think he's funny
Yeah
Nobody he he had the balls to say it exactly right that this was the wrong war and the wrong guy
And had nothing to do with 9-11
And we ought to have been concentrating on the fight on terrorism and about Al-Qaeda and where to Hoso Sama
Which is exactly what Wesley Clark said too
While how we're dealing with all the other ones were waffling and equivocating
And this is not a day for criticism and we have to tip our head to the troops and the president Bush
And I'm thinking to myself why don't you guys just like it kebhard go ahead and forfeit right now
You haven't got a China-man's chance man unless something cataclysmic happens in next 11 months
Democratic Party has got two chances none and much less than on oh you shouldn't say that Neil don't be the feet I'm just on you
That's the honest truth
The pull the latest pull that was taken this is before they captured Sodom over the weekend
Bush 52 and Dean 41% of the election were right now two day 52 to 41
Here's today's pull
And when I start to say I know what I'm going to be getting all week long
Well, see Neil you were wrong and what do you have to say now? I have to say just the same thing else sharp
Then Wesley Clark said yesterday the same thing I've always been saying
Was it worth sacrificing all the lives of the hundreds of troops allied troops that have died?
No, of course not
Not to mention the thousands of Iraqi people was it worth it?
Especially when you take a look odled in Samuel's website if you want I'm not going to put an ours
Codeleansamuels.com
And there's the picture in the whole I'm going to read the article
The National Security Archive Rumsfeld shaken Sodom's anti
This is what the US does all the time but they can get away with it because most Americans know nothing about history whatsoever
They know squat so they can keep getting away with it over and over and over again
He was our guy he was our butcher
It's like all the old Jews at Cemetery of Village in the other condos they like their butcher maybe next condo people
That their butcher ain't such a good guy but they like their butcher and that's the way the US is
As long as he's doing our bidding and as long as we can prop him up for a purpose we'll arm him just like all the chemical weapons that we gave him
So it can gas the Iranians that the fact that he gasped his own people whether that was just a bi-product of his being a little bit crazy
But that's just the way it goes we've just turned the other cheek we'll get to that
Paul for today what's your take on the capture of Sodom Hussein?
First choice that's by the way already facts this Eric be so can take the pressure off you because I know you're under a lot of stress
Tons that's one small step for humanity in one giant political leap for George W. Bush that's the first choice
Second choice no matter the cost it was well worth it
Third choice the whole invasion was bogus based on lies
Fourth it's fine but whereas Osama and last choice fry the bastard on Channel 7
What's your take on a capture of Sodom Hussein that's one small step for humanity in one giant political leap for George W. Bush
No matter the cost it was well worth it the whole invasion was bogus based on lies
It's fine but whereas Osama Yamama or fry the bastard on Channel 7
I was also going to put maybe fry the bastard on a Rick Sanchez show which is on Channel 6
Because he just believes help to stay on a year that could goose up his ratings a little bit don't you think?
Yeah, we're gonna fry Sodom right on the ear on a Rick Sanchez show on Channel 6
Speaking of Channel 6 evidently the rumor mill has it
Am I not supposed to say this on the air or what?
Say what?
Oh the rumor mill has it that the Channel 6 isn't real happy with your words doing 8 to 10 on QA in the morning
See it's still out of done deal I know that must come as a shock to everybody in the audience who wonders how long we can keep floundering
And floundering and paying for Greg's unbelievable mistakes that he just keeps making over and over and over again
Man but I think he can go on forever to be honest with him
I think it's like an endless cycle
We did have that big memo the other day
That said what?
The whole morning show position available
Oh yeah, yeah that was a morning show opening and of course Clarence said oh no we have to losses
Anytime we have an opening we have to post that
Well of course that's for 8 to 10 because Joe came in asking for too much money
Which basically they should have given him a blank check and said okay just sign here fill in the amount and sign here and we'll sign it too
But no not us
So evidently he's looking he high-balled him with a really wild request and they said oh wait that's way too much Joe
For a putz like you and on top of that Channel 6 is real unhappy with him being on their 11 o'clock at night doing the sports
And having to get up in a wee hours of the morning doing the show as opposed to being real happy which they should be
Because of the exposure to getting from a guy that's on five days a week on a major market radio station
They should be ecstatic with that
But they're not because there are a bunch of hardasses over there and what do you expect from a bunch of people who would put Tony cigarette on to do the news
Oh sorry B. Steph forgot he's one of your people he's a UN person
A silly person
12 minutes after 10 let me vote okay. I like how do you like my first choice there once that's one small step for humanity
And one giant political game for George W. Bush don't you think it was fairly creative that was very nice I voted
Is that what you voted? No. Oh what did you vote for? It's fine, but where's Osama?
Where's Osama Yamama and where's Mula Bula Omar? Where are the real terrorists? That's the question this has nothing to do with terrorism
And now the American people as confused as they were a few months ago another gonna say aha we got the guy behind all those terrorist things behind 9-11
Duh
33 votes on there already what's your take on a capture Saddam Hussein? It's fine, but where's Osama 15?
The whole invasion was bogus based on lies 10
That's one small step for humanity one giant politically for George W. Bush 6
No matter what the cost it was well worth it one and fry the best of on channel 7 one
Which film he's an array? I think that would be the ultimate punishment for Saddam Hussein instead of
The only way to get rid of the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the
the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war
on all men's Floreshine style stop in the store check out their website at brandyshews.com
United States has no quarrel with the Iraqi people. Our quarrel is with Iraq's dictator and with his aggression. Iraq will not be permitted to annex Kuwait.
The war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war against the war
We want you to be on a pilot to fight and get down where I'm with you.
I'm down here by the shore, fly low, fly where you're at, fly off the earth.
I'm down here with the sea.
Thank you for your praise.
Thank you for your praise.
Thank you for your praise.
Thank you for your praise.
Thank you for your praise.
Thank you for your praise.
Thank you for your praise.
The U.S. response was to renew ties to provide intelligence and aid to ensure Iraq would not be defeated by Iran and to send a high-level presidential envoy named Donald Rumsfeld to shake hands with Sodom December 20th, 1983, and there's the picture.
The declassified documents posted today, meaning February 25th, include the briefing materials and diplomatic reporting on two Rumsfeld trips to Baghdad, reports on Iraqi chemical weapons used concurrent with the Regum administration decision to support Iraq and decision directives signed by Pakistan.
The U.S. President Reagan that revealed specific U.S. priorities for the region, preserving access to oil, expanding U.S. ability to project military power in the region, and protecting local allies from internal and external threats.
The documents include a U.S. cable recording the December 20th, 1983 conversation between Rumsfeld and Sodom who's saying, although Rumsfeld said during a September 21st, 2002, CNN interview, in that visit, I cautioned him about the use of chemical weapons, as a matter of fact, and discussed a host of other things.
The document indicates there was no mention of chemical weapons.
Rumsfeld did the raise the issue in a subsequent meeting with Iraqi official Teraqaziz.
National Security Decision Directive 114 of November 26, 1983 that said, U.S. policy toward the Iran-Iraq war delineating U.S. priorities, the ability to project military force in the Persian Gulf and protect oil supplies, without reference to chemical weapons or human rights concerns.
Just like the Taliban, we didn't give a crap that they were like treating the women like garbage, like 10th class citizens, or that the men had to wear their bids, or the certain length of their off-water head, or that they couldn't listen to the Rolling Stones.
We didn't give a flat crap about that until after 9-11. Then all of a sudden, guess what, they're bad guys. They're far bristening a goyem. No.
Ennecozon here about the other things. U.S. and Iraqi consultations about Iran's 1984 draft resolution seeking U.S. Security Council condemnation of Iraq's chemical weapons use.
Iraq conveyed several requests to the U.S. about the resolution, including its preference for a lower-level response, and one that did not name any country in connection with chemical warfare, the final result complied with the Iraq's request.
It's just a beautiful thing. I won't give it on our website. Everybody's got to read it.
Not that anybody cares, because this is such an emotional thing. How many thousand times did we see?
About 30 men.
Yesterday, that picture, the unshaven, the checking for the license, the other, the national, the national here, opening up a stick and a tongue to presser up his neck.
And down his throat. That's what they should have done. Stuck it up his ass first, and then stuck it down his throat.
It's our butcher, baby. Our guy. And now we decide, well, he was useful for something, and that was for a cosmetic.
Let's all forget about all this other stuff, and about the ties to Saudi Arabia. It's just amazing.
It's like if you live in the middle of two houses, and your neighbor on one side comes in and just smashes your house to smithereens, and so what you do is you go to the other neighbor on the other side,
why don't you do it when you attack him, and you start throwing eggs at his post? You see what I'm saying? Then make any sense.
But don't confuse the public with that, because the media and the public man, they're like, it's like a match made in purgatory.
What a wedding. And we ought to begin 80 million calls. We're going to do screenless again to the end of the year.
So Josh doesn't have to be overworked in there. He's under a lot of stress. He's really sick today too.
Are you really? He's coughing up a storm. He's sneezing. Yeah, I'm hating life.
Oh, no. It's a SARS.
In fact, when I come down there in January, I'm going to everybody's going to have to go and quarantine for 10 days before I come in.
I don't want to catch whatever you've got.
Can you believe that they actually had a meeting? Now you're the Yanta in the building. Who else was in that meeting?
Miguel was one of them. George Corso.
When the SARS thing was going on here in Toronto, and I came back the first time in the summer when I was June, I guess.
And they actually had a meeting to decide whether they should require me to go into quarantine for 10 days before I came into the building for fear that I would infect them all with SARS.
Are you not going to say, were you in on it? No, I wasn't on it.
128 votes. And just a matter of moments here, I know we get a lot of response on this because let's face it, all these silly people are talking about ball games.
Silly people are talking about Kakarai like that. We got to talk about Sodoman, Sodomani.
So I hear you're getting laid on Thursday. Is that true?
I have a date later in the week.
Oh, clearance is away. 133 votes. What's your take on a capture?
I wish the audience could have heard you giggling like a little girl when you were in a reconnaissance morning man.
He must have been tickling your fancy.
What's your take on a capture? Sodom was saying it's fine, but where's Osama 49?
The whole invasion was bogus based on lies 48.
Absolutely correct sir.
That's one small step for humanity and one giant politically for George W. Voice 16.
Fry the bastard on Channel 713 and no matter the cost it was well worth it.
7 5%. Only 5% no matter what the cost all of these lives, not just Americans, but everybody else including the innocent people that we were supposedly saving.
Well, you know, the price of liberty is very high like death.
Give me liberty or give me death so we gave them both. We give them a little bit of a little taste of each.
5 6 7 0 5 60. The good news is Sodom is given up comrades say the US.
You know, it's amazing in the beginning they said he was cooperating was talking up a storm.
He was singing like a bird. He was singing pretty good like the Humpir always says he was singing good.
But then they said he's not saying a damn thing.
But supposedly he gave up some of his buddies several top regime figures and rebel cells and where they are locations and so on.
Then he decided maybe time to shut up until he gets a good meal.
Hot dogs he had 750 grand in cash or the beast must have been.
Can you imagine?
How would you like to be locked in a broom closet with a suitcase with $750,000 in cash and $100 US bill?
Not even get our candy bar.
I was going to say candy bars and hot dogs but in your case you might not mind.
That's all he was eating. They had found all these candy bar wrappers and some hot dogs and stale rice and I was in.
Yummy.
700 one thing I got to say for all to talk about what a genius he was he wasn't too smart.
I mean he wasn't really having a disguise. He had the long beard and they all fizzled up because he was running hiding like every couple of days.
How many of these places?
About 30.
He said he had about 30 of these holes around the country.
Beast said he'd settle for one.
Just cautious.
But at any rate, no seriously you wouldn't think he would have had like immediate plastic surgery or some kind of a disguise, something.
A baseball cap.
So glasses.
Maybe one of those groucho glasses with a big nose you know anything.
Give it a shot.
A wig.
Nice wig would have been good. I know where you could have barbed one or two from.
Absolutely.
1027 at 560 maybe a muskrat.
Oh, and there were rats and mice in a whole with them and all kinds of vermin.
1027 at 560 WQM a it's that time of the year that a lot of people love but some people are a little bit nervous about it because they hate the traffic and crowded malls.
The long register lines, the parking hassles, all the crazy shoppers.
So make your gift giving a lot easier this year for you and the ones you love.
A gift certificate from dial amatris.
Call them now toll free.
1-800 mattress and give a gift.
They'll be thanking you for in, night in and night out.
Dial amatris has got gift certificates in any denomination Lutheran Protestant or the nox and a new bed for the master bedroom makes a perfect gift you'll both enjoy for years.
A dial amatris, no phony promises, no bait and switch.
Just discount prices every day on the brand names you know trust and love now including Stearns and bananas foster.
Dial amatris has got the guaranteed lowest prices on Stearns and Foster anywhere.
When you call dial amatris at 1-800 mattress you still pick the day in time for delivery.
Any two hour window seven days a week from 8 am to 10 pm when you're going to be home when it's convenient for you and guess what they really show up.
Honest sales practices, fantastic service, everyday low prices, same day delivery, free set up and removal easy to see.
While dial amatris is ranked the best in the world of customer satisfaction, even the beast is laying his badass on a style of mattress right now.
King Coral I think, isn't that it?
It's coming today actually.
Or it's coming today. He isn't but it is. Call him toll free at 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTRES or online at mattress.com.
Happy holidays from all your good close personal pizons at dial amatris.
You might be more.
This is which way you'll face it be.
Q-A-M
And T-A-Y-S-U-C-K-S
Bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum Hawaiianth
Eating hmm bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bumам bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum- bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum Um bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum sub lame
I'm a monster.
I'm a monster.
I'm a monster.
I'm a monster.
I'm a monster.
I'm a monster.
I'm a monster.
1033-560-WQAM.
Happy Monday to you.
I was going to say, boy, Eric here always, any time, he's a genius.
And he does have the picture on there on a website.
It's the lead thing.
There's got that big picture of Brumsfeld, firmly grasping Saddam's hand.
And it's got the caption underneath it.
You guys documents you embrace and said, I'm with Saddam, say, out of the out of the out of here.
And then I clicked on the link.
It doesn't go anywhere yet.
But I'm sure he's working feverishly on it.
Aren't you, Eric?
Because it doesn't really go to the rest of the story.
It just goes back where you were before.
But I'm sure he's working on it right now.
An edition which probably fear for a baloney sandwiches.
You ought to get together with Eric and have like an eating session.
Beasts, you'd probably get along really well with him.
We could bond.
That's why I'm surprised that you got so tight with somebody as skinny as clearance.
You know, they say opposite to track.
Is that what it is?
Because generally speaking, that's only for sexual purposes.
So I guess for eating, you probably would rather hang out with the Eric, Fat Rich, Josh Friedman.
No.
People like that.
No.
Okay, let's get some, well, I'll tell you one thing about that.
Lauren Hill, I always said about Lauren Hill she can't sing for a craft, but...
Lauren Hill is now my favorite recording artist.
You see what she did?
No, what happened?
US hip-hop singer Lauren Hill stunned leading members of the Roman Catholic Church
when she accused them of moral corruption, exploitation and abuse from the states,
during a Christmas concert at the Vatican.
You go, girl.
This is the best.
Hill 28 launched her dive,
tribe in front of an audience of 7,500 guests at a pack-pulp...
A pack-pull to sixth hall.
Paul Six Hall, used by Pope John Paul the tooth for indoor public audiences.
I'm not here to celebrate like you, the birth of Christ, but I'm here to ask you why you're not in mourning for his death in this place.
Hill said, reading from a prepared statement, she came on stage for a performance as part of an all-star gala concert.
Holy God has witnessed the corruption of your leadership of the exploitation and abuses which are a minimum that can be said for the clergy she had,
calling on the hierarchy to repent.
Stunned hierarchy in the front row of Saturday nights concert included one of the most senior figures in the church,
Cardinal Camilla Rueini, who was set up in the Italian bishops conference, Cardinal Rueini.
And aide to Rueini, Bishop Irino Fist, what is it? Fist Hacchela.
Describe the singer's speech as a rash outburst, an uneducated, act- showing lack of respect for the place he was a guest and for those who invited her.
The Holy See has been widely accused, apparently to respond adequately to a pedophile scandal involving priests, especially in the US,
which will get to that minestrone a bit.
The US church has been under intense fire over the policy of some arts dioceses of moving known child abuse increased from parish to parish over decades.
Hill went over five Grammy Awards since she was not speaking as representative of any religious organization.
Italian press reports yesterday said her attack was unlikely to be included when the concert is broadcast on Italian television December 24th, Christmassy.
If I can't imagine why other artists performing at the event now and in 11th year included Ronan Keating, Colled, Randy Crawford, Solomon Burke, Kelly Joyce, Polis Singer, Natalia Kokulska, and American Gospel and Italian Choirs.
Lauren Hill told him where to stick in.
Nice going girl, you go.
Let me just click this thing one more time and see if it goes anywhere if it just goes right back to where it was.
But I'm sure that Eric is working on that fivously as we speak, don't you think?
In between feedings?
Oh yeah.
Okay, here's our first response to the capture of Sodom Hussein.
Okay, you ready for this? This is a monumental moment in the history of WQAM.
QAM, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Can I think back just a couple of days I'd like to have your input on this what I'm thinking?
My take?
You're exactly.
Hey, when this stuff went down with Gore endorsing Dean and he went up there and his little hair was sticking down and Gore was shouting at everybody, how the war was going to end?
It looks like that there is too much of a coincidence that a day and a half later we got the guy at the Republican Party said we now know who our enemy is, who will be going against in the election.
I mean it's just too creepy.
Yeah.
So you're saying there are no coincidences?
What you're saying?
It just seems that they might, maybe they just knew for a while where this what hole is guy was hiding in.
And like maybe just to be on the safe side, next June when we start bringing all of our troops back home and we really put the Iraqis in charge and have all these bogus elections.
And then like maybe in October when we capture Osama bin Laden, it'll just be a coincidence.
Just the Kuwinky thing that we can hammer the Democrats and just put it to bed for good.
Right.
Just the coincidence.
Maybe I'm just thinking this.
Just imagine all the money we can save now without having any more elections in the U.S.
Later great day, Pali.
I'll see you at the border.
I'll send a bus for us and a limo.
Pick your ass up at the border.
Oh look at that.
And they have it on CNN.
Osama bin Laden, next question mark it says.
Oh, votes are just pouring in on this 210 and a half an hour.
That is shocking.
Could be record breaking.
Maybe that's because the beast is with us.
Do you think?
No.
What's your take on a cap?
No.
Capture Osama.
No.
Who's saying?
Yes.
The whole invasion.
Oh man.
The whole invasion was bogus based on life.
75.
It's fine.
But where's Osama?
70.
That's one small step for mankind and one big pill to giant politically for George W.
Bush 36.
Fry the bastard on Channel 719.
And no matter the cost, it was well worth it 16, which I'm sure that those 16 are related
to any of the servicemen and women who died.
No matter the cost.
In other words, as long as some other people died for it, or certainly not related to the Iraqi
civilians who died, or were like mutilated and amputated in all of these things, 16 people
said that are 224.
5670560 is line one working or not.
I just want to check.
Yeah, it's working.
Double check.
W.D. Q.A. and hello.
Hey, I wanted to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I incident a coincidence, I think, with this capture of Osama wasn't a Thursday of last week
that Ohio Burton controversy in all the shenanigans and now all of a sudden Osama has been
caught.
You know, that did come to my mind when I saw this too.
I thought, boy, just one thing's we're starting to go really, really bad again.
And they had all of this bad news about Haliburton gouging the public and gouging everybody
that they could and all this war-propertyring that was going on.
And now all of a sudden, just by coincidence, we got this hot tip and there he was.
Right.
Now the headline is, Saddam has been caught.
Oh, thank thee, our Lord, our commander in thief, our commander in chimp.
I think it's a little coincidental.
I just think it's slightly coincidental.
And the same day that this is being announced that he was captured wasn't there another explosion
and 17 people died.
Right.
So, I mean, yeah.
You'll notice, by the way, how little we saw about that.
We saw the smoke and the fumes going into the air.
But as far as anything else about it, the rest of the day, they were too busy showing us the picture again,
over and over again, the before and the after the shave picture.
Right.
And I think I saw CNN, which I'm very surprised that the US government allowed to actually interview some of the doctors
that have been treating all these servicemen and women.
And horror stories, I mean, they didn't get into too much detail, but you could just tell that they were biting their tongue
that they wanted to say what they really thought.
Because everyone is, you know, living under Nazi regime here and you can't speak because you might be...
You might disagree, nobody might see again, maybe, time soon.
Exactly. But anyways, I'd like to put my two cents worth in.
Democrats, please vote.
And anybody that's on defense, do not go with the Republicans.
They do not care about you.
And especially my friends down the little Havana, they don't care about you, my friend.
Increable, increable, increable.
Yeah, how come not? We got the...
We got Sodom. How come we don't have Fidel?
Something to think about.
Maybe that'll be next. He's too close.
Not only that, he doesn't need to do that to get their votes. He's already got them locked up.
Anyway, what did I tell you about the good people are the fat people.
And the fat people are the dead people.
But anyway, the good people are the fat people because Eric, man, he got... he hopped right on it.
Do you see that?
There is the picture, there's the link, there's the story.
I think I'm gagging. I think the beast is going to have to do the rest of the show.
My, my, and local, my, weird sports radio 560s, you and you, A.M.
Oh, here's comical Ali, the former Iraq minister of information, with today's health update.
Good news! There is no such thing as SARS.
You cowardly American individuals have nothing to fear.
That's why, leading health experts encourage all Americans to fly to Beijing, China, and leak the door-knops of the restrooms at the local walking clinics.
Also, a new study show that smoking cigarettes is good for you.
So, smoke them if you guard them, America.
With today's health update, I'm Mohamed Saeed Al-Sahab.
May God roast your stomachs in hell.
Stay tuned for this station from more updates from the Iraq's minister of information.
10.47.560 WQM Happy Monday 2, the man-dog of two.
Then we got the Humphorid Four from P.P. Park getting ready for that big loss.
I mean, a big game tonight.
Herk, what does that?
Dolphins count down to kick off as five, as we begin four hours of non-stop commercials.
Got a jam in there.
And then the Panther game to show you how important hockey is on this radio station.
Panther game has been farmed out because they're certainly not going to pre-empt the dolphins.
You can bet your life on that.
Farmed out to 1580.
Is that surf?
Uh, sure.
I think it is a surf.
It's surfed WS RF.
1580 on a dial.
Even though the callers are the same no more.
And of course, it's a station that nobody listens to.
The Panthers and the Red Wings at Detroit tonight at whatever the hell time it's on.
Panthers previewing all of that stuff will be on 1580 on your AM dial.
Otherwise, if your dial ends like it about 1540, something like that,
you won't be able to hear it.
By the way, a bit of a schedule change.
Oh no.
Uh, Kim Bo camper will be out at Gate G for Hank from four to five.
Where's the Humper?
I don't know.
I was just told by my boyfriend Clarence that that would be this.
Did he give you a little peck on the cheek on his way out?
We cuddled.
Little peck on the cheek.
Kim Bo camper.
So we have a little uh, a slight scratch here in the fourth race.
Kim Bo camper at four o'clock, Forte-Waltz only an hour anyway.
The Humper, they're not going to bring in a big paid guy like a Humper for one hour.
You didn't make me not going to waste this time.
But even the gas was not worth wasting.
So Kimba, who'll go on at any time because less face at ease is a pretty marginal.
Good guy though.
Four to five Kim Bo camper from the stadium at Gate G as in good luck you'll need it tonight.
And then that often all that other stuff.
Let me say that again.
You got the Red Winds and Panthers on 1580, the pregame at seven again, time at seven thirty.
And then we got hours and hours and hours of, oh, it's going to be really ugly stuff.
Can you even begin to imagine?
No.
It's going to be really grotesque.
I don't want to pick a score.
Because you never know, you never know which team is going to show up.
See, the thing with the dolphins the last several years, I don't want to start talking sports on his day, but I will anyway.
The thing that I keep thinking about is very often, you know, all of those great starts, three and oh and four and oh.
They catch a lot of teams early in the season with other teams who are off their game like that paid paid opening game.
It was against Buffalo, not Miami this year.
But when he got Wallop 31, nothing by the bills.
And a lot of us were thinking, oh my god, what the hell happened?
This is going to be a brutal season for New England and come to find out they're a far and away to best.
They're just lucky.
No, but they wind up with a schedule situation where they catch teams when they're not, when they're way off their game and they're playing like crap,
or they're playing against little girls teams, or they catch teams that just forgot to show up that they like Dallas.
Some Thanksgiving day didn't show up at all.
And that's when they, they've, oh, and they give you that false sense of security like man, they're really great.
But Jay Fielder is what he is.
He's a raw raw sys boom ba kind of guy who tries very hard.
He never stole a freight train.
He doesn't eat tracepthu off it on the high holidays.
And that's it.
In fact, I think that the thing between Mo and Jay Fielder is a Jew thing.
You know what I'm saying?
I forgot what a no question about that.
If Brian Grease came out tomorrow and said that he just converted.
He was Jewish.
All of a sudden he'd be the new hero.
Am I right?
Absolutely.
Make no mistake about it.
And by the way, Mo will not be on him or other coast is clear for those who hate him like poison like we all do.
Because he can't, he sure as healthy broadcast them Monday night football game and beyond.
So there's another schedule change for you.
Oh, Kaka crossed it out in all the crap you can unwrap in Braille.
No, Mo tomorrow.
So it'll be guilty solo.
Just the way guilty likes it.
Nobody Q I M.
You have like to talk to Neil speaking.
Well, how are you doing today?
Pretty good.
Hey, I just want to make a quick comment on the on the capture of the same.
Go around.
Amazing to hear that the Democrats are a liberal who hate this country so much.
Yeah, they hate this country because they don't agree with you.
They hate this country.
You guys hate that you don't have to capture because you know it's good for Bush.
You were wishing that he had real time.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
When did anybody say we hate that he was captured?
Who said that?
Have you heard anybody say that?
I just didn't talk about what I said.
You had to have the car while it seems real coincidence on the car.
Did the heat, but did he say that he hated the fact that they had to go to the car?
Did he say that he had captured Saddam Hussein?
What are you saying?
Sir, I'm not going to talk to you and ask for just screaming and screeching.
Yeah, a lot of us get the rap.
Oh, if somebody disagrees with you, I'm prepared to give him like five minutes,
but I'm not going to listen to somebody screaming and getting a having a nervous breakdown,
popping a zit right on the goddamn radio.
Nobody said that.
The guy is a miserable murdering son of a bitch.
He killed hundreds of thousands, maybe a million people.
But the fact of the matter is what you would never address is he was our butcher.
Even Jeff Greenfield, who's a melee mob, nothing on, certainly not news network,
just got through with a piece during our commercial break.
And he kind of glossed over the part about the chemical.
See, the reason that the chemical weapons thing is something they gloss over is because
where do you think he got them from?
Oh, not from the good old USA.
Sure.
And it was okay as long as he was gasping the Iranians because we hated the Ayatola.
We were really pissed off and fired up after he took the hostages.
And so we hated Iran.
There are a bunch of fundamentalists lunatics.
So Saddam is the more moderate of the evils.
He was a good guy.
He was our butcher.
But you don't want to deal with that.
In addition to which he's got nothing to do with 9-11.
The US isn't one Iota safer today than it was yesterday or Friday or a week ago, sookas.
But don't confuse people like this last screaming hysterical lunatic with a fact
because he just makes it up as he goes along, putting words in people's mouths.
What's your take on the capture Saddam Hussein?
103 say the whole invasion was bogus based on lies.
A hundred say it's fine, but where is Osama?
See, we're not saying there's anything wrong with it.
I said to the other like pluck out his eyebrows, that'll pick up, pluck him apart, piece by piece.
Just pluck him.
It's fine, but where is Osama?
A hundred.
That's one small step for humanity, one giant politically for George W. Bush.
Fifty.
Fry the bastard on Channel 730, and no matter the cost, it was well worth it.
19 out of 302 votes in much less than an hour.
It is shocking.
By the way, Tom Jicke actually mentioned my name in an article.
Can you believe that?
Almost as shocking as the capture of Saddam.
Left wing ready to take flight with talk radio.
We'll get to it.
But we want to get thousands and thousands of your calls of your persprications comments.
And you can be one of them bush-lookers, but if you're going to be like the last guy,
and you want to try to out-challengue me, especially when I'm going to like a little scratch,
don't have the flu, don't have a full fledged cold, I got a little scratch.
A little horse.
Like that.
Like cream fresh, a little horse.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T, and for Ryzen Marlos line.
By the way, Kisey didn't hear it.
We got him.
WQIM.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
I'm doing good.
Great.
I think that last guy was there, there are no fags in the church guy kind of just like him over the radio.
Anyway, I wanted to tell you, you know, we go into Iraq based on the premise of the weapons of mass destruction.
I don't think we can police the world of murderers, dictators.
I mean, it's good that they caught him.
But he still says they didn't have any weapons of mass destruction, just like you know, he also said.
Of course, but the thing is, the cost of the American soldiers, I think, just one death is too much.
So I'm pretty much agree with you.
OK.
OK, and where's George? I miss him.
George's on vacation.
Oh, this must be Teddy and Kendall.
No, this isn't Teddy and Kendall.
This is Mike and Scott Miami dish.
Okay.
George's on vacation. He's OK. He'll be back.
Oh, no, George is great.
Just sometimes the dosage is too much of George, but George is just perfect with you.
OK, have a great day.
You too.
Well, George will be on all week next week.
I'll buy himself because I'll be on vacation.
I'm no fool, man. I know how to play that vacation game.
See if you play and take one week and you got Christmas Eve and Christmas Day and New Year's Eve and two weekends.
And all of a sudden you got an 11 day vacation.
Yeah.
I know how to do it.
And I taught the Humper. I taught the Mad Dog.
And of course, I was going to teach Joe, but Joe Rosemaking.
So is that like, is that written in stone hours?
That like still being negotiated?
Huh?
Come on. You're on the inside of it. You work with a guy.
You don't pretend. Don't play stupid.
Let's hear the real honest. I mean, let's at least capitalize on the fact we're stuck with you.
I mean, got you always weak. Let's find out what the deal is.
Hey, I heard you were, I was your first choice.
You were my first choice. Of course, the other choices were Beener Boy and the...
Yeah.
You were the first choice. I said, bring that little fat bastard in there.
He's a plus your a pay-peat fan. It can't be all that.
Oh, but seriously, don't try to change his subject.
If the audience wants to know, are we still floundering?
In other words, is it still an open deal?
Is it like...
I think they're still working on it.
They're still hammering it out.
As they say.
Hammer is still pounding it out.
10.56 at 5.60.
We got a bunch of dolphin stuff. Man, hours and hours of it. It's going to be ugly.
My...
This is for real by 60.
Way to a...
We did it!
Saturday morning, Johnny Paul Winkle James Moves and his bully buddy Satamu Singh.
Oh, but the mad cow misadventures of El Raki and Gohwikah.
TV, TV, TV, TV.
The United Nations is about to speed.
Who cares? Give me that crystal ball.
Second, he got up on the wrong side of the bunker.
Perhaps a poem will help.
Damn, today I'm your one-wacked out dude.
And just like your oil, your smelly and groom.
And Moves, did you see your squirrel friend?
Oh, you mean Rocky? Sure, he's over there.
He's over there.
He's over there.
Oh my Rocky, what do you know about this to them?
Don't ask me. Ask my auntie.
80, 80 who?
In the air club.
Join us next time for oils well, that ends well, or kiss your cast goodbye.
Hey Moves, what's weather forecast for today?
For me.
Uh oh.
Here, Raki and Gohwikah.
Saturday morning on New Calodia.
Lono, 202 at 560 WDQA. I'm getting all kinds of faxes.
But basically, I'll say the same thing.
Having fooled our crowd, not too many of them,
but it isn't going to make too much difference
unless some miraculous thing happens in the next year.
Howardine, oh yes today, really just bitterly disappointed me.
Week, very lame.
And those people will say, you know, he might just be Michael DuCaca all over again.
They might be right.
I know that's not what this audience wants to hear.
It's not even what I want to hear myself say.
But I'm just a little bit nervous about him.
In fact, after this weekend, I'm real nervous about him.
You have to be consistent.
You have to have gehones.
You have to sleep by your principles as opposed to like doing what they do on the American TV.
Now we're saying it is sickening your finger off the window to see which way to win is blowing.
And then like, you know, pandering to that.
That's not the way to win the hearts and the minds of people with a brain.
Of course, there aren't too many of them.
So I guess maybe he's just playing with the masses now.
Pretty weak, howard as opposed, you know, it's a sad day when I got to say that Al Sharpton was the best of all of them.
Just like in most of the debates we've been watching.
He talks circles about most of those guys.
And he's got the balls to say the right things.
Even though of course we know he's an asshole.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And for right, it's a wireless line.
I want to get too political here to do it.
Because you know who we're going to start starting like that.
Randy.
What?
Hello, Randy.
What?
Are you living to me?
No.
Man, I want to start doing like that.
WQA Amline, one is working.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how are you?
I'm doing great.
Hey, listen.
I'm in my car ride around.
So I haven't gotten the chance to check out the TV or anything.
But has the stock market, you know, dying?
Market is up, man.
And that was up 63 that has to accept about 10.
The world markets have had a pretty good spike overnight.
So do you think that it's going to go through the roof now?
If they caught this son of a, you know what?
No.
Well, I think it's going to go through the roof.
I don't think so.
There's always an initial, you know, when there's good news like this.
There's always an initial spike.
And it's only 11 o'clock in the morning anyway.
So we'll see what happens.
All right.
Well, I just want to let you know I've been listening to you since back of the days of Stan Major.
We'll do a couple of hot games with you years ago.
I still listen to you.
I love you.
Hi.
A popular.
Thanks a lot, pal.
He put your money out of the mattress.
Don't get sucked into this market business.
Although I will give you the name of a really great broker who's not mature.
Hmm, five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Pound five, 60 on the AT&T.
Since it is the holidays, I want to try to be in a more benevolent mood to the analysis.
Have a message for a mature.
Do you son of a bitch?
Well, there's something to be for an after.
They shaved him up and he still looks like crap.
Seriously, don't you think that a guy, they said that he took a billion dollars out of the banks.
When it was before the fall of Baghdad, a billion dollars.
And he had 750,000 on him.
A lot of candy bars to buy.
A lot of candy bars.
Couldn't even get Chinese takeout.
That was the sad part.
I doubt they were delivering, you think?
Probably not.
But how can it be that stupid?
Wouldn't you think that he would have been able to get out of there?
We gave him, like one of the faxes I just had, it said, we gave him, like, notice over and over again.
Like, we're coming, we're going to get you.
You better high-tail it, we're going to come and get you.
One of these days.
So we had months and months of advanced notice, but being a hard-ass study was, and of course, in addition to which, wouldn't you think that maybe they would have hidden one of his doubles down in there?
That's what I first thought when I first saw the headline.
See, and they did, they had this real quick DNA test that they do.
It takes about 10 hours.
Because the thing happened, I guess, like, three o'clock Saturday afternoon.
And then about five o'clock in the morning, they had the first result on the initial DNA test.
And they said, the NXM plus the NXM had the tattoo, and they run in a bunch of people, and they sent them around in front of TeraCazise.
And they stripped them.
And TeraCazise said, oh yeah, that looks like it.
It's like if they brought Clarence in, you know, with the disguise.
You'd recognize him just by that tiny penis.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Now, I just would have thought that somebody who supposedly is brilliant of a tactician is he is, and of course, of tactics, I mean, look at the word that he fought.
They just kind of like, you know, rolled over and died.
Here's Line 9, which has always got perspicacious comments about the most important issues in the world.
QAM, hello.
We'll talk to Neil, please.
Speaking.
Uncle Neil.
Yes.
Got a great idea for a satin punishment.
Put him on that game hunting preserve where Cheney hunted.
Have Bush Cheney runspelled ass cloth, and to make it more porn in a patriotic, private, gestical wrench.
And this Bush can say, we'll give you a 10 minute head start.
And they can make it on him.
And then they can clean him.
And we'll...
And skin him.
And, well, you know, just a wrench like the dick.
Okay.
What do you say?
Five six, he said, he said, you like Dick Cheney.
Five six seven, oh five sixty.
And he's sitting here lately, by the way.
What is it?
Anyone seen him lately, by the way?
Cheney?
Yeah.
Oh, he's a...
I guess you didn't hear that, Sir, because you're not listening to this show.
We had this story last week.
That last Monday, he and about a dozen of his buddies.
They went to this preserve somewhere in Pennsylvania, I think it was.
And they closed...
It's like a pen.
And they had all these fesins.
And it's like shooting fish in a barrel.
And they had a little hunting thing.
And they shot up a whole bunch of birds.
And some spectators were shooting him back to bird.
And that was his...
Past time, that was his hobby.
Taking out his frustration.
Shooted a bunch of little defenseless animals.
Nice going, Dick.
Probably good for his heart.
Five six seven, oh five sixty.
Five sixty, pound five sixty on a AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
WQA and Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Pretty good.
Good.
The oil on.
Speaking.
Is the oil?
Sounds like me.
Hey, the oil on.
Still good.
I just wanted to call and put my two cents, my take.
What's your take?
And my take is, hey, we got them.
Let's try and have the Iraqis fry them and move on.
Let's hear them sound up, baby.
We got to get them sound up, baby.
Okay.
We did it.
We did it.
We did it.
Goodbye, David Samson.
It's going to be an error.
It's going to be great.
We did it.
Do you read about the thing about Dan Rather doing a report?
He hates CBS sports.
He hates all of that crap because they keep interrupting
every time something cataclysmic happens in the world.
He keeps getting cut off.
And so they did it to him again yesterday.
And while Bush was making his speech on CBS, they accidentally
somebody hit the wrong button and they showed an empty football field,
the Ramsword Rams plan of Vikings.
Some horse ball game, whatever it was.
No, the CBS wasn't even supposed to be showing because it was a Fox game.
And they showed the empty stadium for six seconds.
And Rather came back on all flustered and just fallen apart of the seams
and it was kind of an embarrassing thing.
Nice going, Dan.
Calm down.
They did it to him again.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line, Tom Jikker writes.
Left wing ready to take flight with talk radio.
The left might finally get it right with the long proposed liberal talk radio network.
Many of those who have been pushing this concept since Rush Limbaugh became a
daily irritant to Democrats, have no understanding of radio.
Right, cataclysmic like you, Tom.
Politics is generally deadly on radio, TV2 for that matter.
Ted Coppel says of all the subjects he treats on nightline,
politics is the undisputed audience turn off champion.
Absolutely correct sir.
He kids that he can feel the mego factor, my eyes glaze over as one mego mego,
my eyes glaze over kicking in through the tube.
Around the clock radio network whose sole goal is to pursue a partisan agenda
wouldn't last as long as the Bob Graham presidential campaign.
Oh, by the way, Bob Graham said all the right things to yesterday but he ain't run a nice gone Bob.
You go boy.
Rush is the sensation because he's a conservative,
any more than he erodges as the King of South Florida radio because he's a liberal.
Rush rules because he's a conservative who keeps his listeners amused,
did all Rogers on the left amused.
Most of the other, by the way, Tom, that I am used use.
Most of the others in their line who don't have their flair scrap for ratings crumbs.
There are hardcore choirs on the right and left that crave a daily homily.
However, it's the vast middle that swings elections in radio ratings.
Indeed, polls and Rogers program have indicated there's a substantial crossover
between his show and Limbaugh's.
Clearly, the appeal for those listeners is not partisanship.
Liberals who dream of neutralizing Limbaugh with a lineup of like-minded politico have been kidding themselves.
Load a schedule with earnest but pedantic people like Al Gore or Mario Cuomo
and you get an audience to size of national public radios which the left already has.
You get an audience to size of the beast penis.
Lower talent like Al Franken and Michael Mordeaux shows and the Republicans then,
would have reason for concern.
It appears behind the people behind the proposed liberal radio never understand this.
Progress media which hopes to launch the tentatively titled Central Air Network this coming spring,
has put forth Franken's name as a potential host.
Franken could guarantee a huge sampling merely by chanting the title of one of his books,
Rush Limbaugh is a big fat idiot.
Genie Grafalo, another irrelevant, Reverend Free Spirit, is also supposedly on Central Air's roster prospect.
Liz Winstead of John Stuart's Daily Show is reportedly helping to develop program concepts.
Another difference between Central Air and previous efforts is that this one looks like it will come to fruition
according to a leading broadcast newsletter.
There's a lot of money and a lot of pent up frustration behind this said Tom Taylor of M.S. Read Daily.
The money's already shown itself progress media close to finalizing the ultra-purchase stations in New York,
Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Boston and San Francisco.
These stations would serve as network flagships guaranteeing national advertisers that their messages
would be available to tens of millions of listeners, progress is said these five are just a starting point
and tends to continue acquiring stations to increase nationwide penetration.
This might be the only way the network would get clearance in the Miami-Fore Lauderdale market.
There's only one general talk station, WIOD, and it's owned by the Unchist Teap Channel,
which airs almost exclusively programs provided by one of its syndication subsidiaries.
Buying stations is the expensive way to do it Taylor said,
leasing stations are syndicating the network and be far less costly.
The fact that they're going about it this way is an indication they see this as a long-term project.
Patients is crucial according to Taylor, some of what they'll do will work, some of it will flop.
It's like network TV in a way you just have to keep at it.
Have to keep banging at it, Beast.
Have to keep pounding at it.
Ironically, the enemy of serving is an ally by providing priceless publicity.
Rush can't stop talking about it.
He isn't the only one. It's a hot topic all over the country.
Really?
Taylor says he has no idea how the network will be received, but he's certain of one thing.
The audience might be small, but it'll include a lot of talk show hosts.
What? What kind of a punchline is that, Tom?
The audience might be small, but it will include a lot of talk hosts.
Do you understand that?
No. I don't even know what that means, Tom.
But thanks for mentioning my name and spelling of the right, Tom, said the Queen.
1113 at 560 W.A.M. Welcome, EF Tyron Auto Repair to the New Roger Show.
EF Tyron Auto Repair is located at 5083 North Federal Highway, just a mile and a half north of Sample Road in prestigious Pompedo Beach.
At EF Tyron Auto Repair, experience the difference that experience makes all EF mechanics, our certified technicians, current with all latest technology, and most have been with the EF team for nearly 20 years.
The EF team has got over 200 combined years of experience.
If you need an oil change, this is a smart time to do it.
Stop by EF and ask them about their Neil Rogers, 1295 oil change special.
You heard me right, just 1295 for an oil change.
The EF team uses only the best parts, top of line, cast-roll GTX motor oil.
You couldn't even buy the parts for this incredibly low price.
EF Tyron Repair, there is 5083 North Federal Highway, Pompedo Beach, called 954-4269926.
That's 954-4269926.
Be sure to ask about their 90-day Sam's cash and interest credit card too.
EF Tyron Auto Repair nationally recognizes one of the most successful automotive repair facilities in the entire USA.
And please don't forget, ask them about the 1295 Near Rogers Oil Change Special, 954-4269926.
My life and look all this is 4205 City, UAM.
I can stock, okay?
Thank you, gentlemen.
The back-back carry-off you can't pay for such a long way. Thank you.
I've got the UN, finest product, never really show-down.
All my poison and my organs.
Now they've cooked, never locked under my bed.
Oh, I got the factory-back and anthrax, nooks and kiddies backfacts.
There's no way you'll make me dead.
Hey, the corn is pow-oom.
Should've looked at a towel on my head.
Ah, people sing along with me because this is unbelievable, huh?
I've got the United States going crazy trying to convince people to attack me.
Except for Sean Penn, of course, who's on my side.
He loves me like crazy. Funny.
Oh, get used to a live a hard-knock, when I give you the smallpox.
If you're not locked, you're little harder.
Silly boss, kiss the touch of this murderer.
Thank you very much.
Please, chip your way to her weight resistance.
Good night, ma'am.
1118 at 5.60 W.D.C.M. K.M. in the audience faction says,
my skepticism and cynicism is more than doubled with a hella burden scandal.
And then the fact that the UN says it might have to abandon its two-year effort to stabilize Afghanistan
because of rising violence, blamed on the Taliban.
So how do the bushies clean up their image?
They catch the bad guy. Quick, let's check those popularity polls.
Good point, Mr. Bolden.
Now, this thing that you just faked me from McGill,
I'm so impressed.
Actually, he came in here in fact.
Oh, I'm so depressed. I want to like do something.
Better stop by in those sports.
See, one thing you're going to have to learn on this year, okay?
Yes.
Just comment down a little bit.
Put a little tiny bit of a lid on it.
I mean, because I want to kill some people.
Sorry.
Why is it that? No, it's not your fault.
Why is McGill like I realize he's had a lot of duress,
especially since somebody is suspended.
Who?
Can't say.
Oh.
I can say that Troy suspended because we didn't get any memo about that.
Troy Stratford suspended.
But we like Troy. That's a difference.
The other one is suspended. We can't stand that bitch.
But anyway, why did you do this other thing?
I mean, I know we're desperate to raise money.
We got 47,000 five-hundred bucks for band-of-peer rescue.
It's only the December of 15.
We got half the month to go by the end of the year.
We'll have our 50 grand, right? No sweat.
Sure.
We got another van hit tomorrow, some place from 11 to 2,
which hopefully at the beginning of the show will know where it is,
so we can tell you.
Also, tomorrow, Joe Castello who raises just tons of money
for a band-of-peer rescue.
Joel 73930, the glory grill.
I'm assuming that's in the morning.
Do they have glory holes there?
Yes, they do, as a matter of fact.
He's going to be drilling one.
Joe Castello, 730 tonight, 3am,
tomorrow morning at the glory grill.
4746 North Congress Avenue in Owen, Boynton Beach.
And you could win some Panthers to get stowed.
Wow!
It's 73930 at night.
Yeah, it's got to be at night, because I'm going to be there with him.
Well, I actually just say PM on here,
but I'm a little under the weather, okay? I'm a little confused.
Especially after reading that first part that you started to read on here.
I can't make any comment on that.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
Your flabbergass.
Because we've always had a very specific policy that Miguel is very,
very, very well aware of, but he just can't stop hooring for...
He can't stop allowing himself to be manipulated by the salespeople out there.
And it's just, it's going to fly.
I just don't want to be involved.
So he can talk about it on his show, Miguel.
What shows that?
I don't know, 8 to 10 a.m.
Could be...
Let's see. Here's...
It says, first, I got easy money.
The truck that candy had no malt at all, or else they would have smelled them out.
That's a good point.
If he would have been eating those,
see, they would have gotten them out a lot sooner.
We could have sent him some of those Dr. Rackens bars, you know?
Second, it says, I got a scoop.
He was getting pizza delivered from pizza lot implantation
because the guy I need is a business over there.
And, oh, poor Jeff.
I'm plantation.
I don't want to talk about that.
And third, I expected your mad dog in the background.
He said, yes.
When they said we've gotten him like the Iraqi did during news conference,
well, we could probably do something like that, can we?
We got David Samson.
We don't have, well, we got him, but we do have we did it.
And, man, it's doing his thing, okay?
One moment, please.
Okay, this might be well worth it, or then again, it might not be worth it.
We'll see.
We did it!
Yes!
Not too thrilling, huh?
Probably we should use the other way.
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
I think the networks are so enchanted like the sports networks
that when they show some of the clips from ball games
and you hear audio in the background, you'll hear mad dogs screaming
and it's not even a dolphin game.
Have you noticed that?
I didn't notice that.
Yes.
Well, that's because you're not as puristic as I am.
Some of the clips they have where it's like a montage of touchdowns and different things.
And they just throw an audio that isn't really directly from those games.
And they just, they put them in here because everybody, nobody don't like the mad dog.
Let's say the Palm Beach troublemaker says if that Republican who called earlier
would have been listening to Randy, oh god!
Last week he'd heard her predicts since Bozo went to a rack for Thanksgiving
that means we're getting Sodom for Christmas.
Why isn't anyone in liberal media saying what's plainly obvious that was a prison cell he was in
with two armed guys guarding and caring for him, just keeping him on ice for the perfect moment?
Let's say like when Halliburton gets exposed to cheating the U.S. taxpayers,
didn't he or didn't he not look like a guy who spent the last eight months locked in a hole in the ground?
Says the suspicious Palm Beach troublemaker.
I don't want to sound like we're paranoid or anything like that.
But it sure does raise a few questions, don't it?
You know, you still just got to believe that a guy that's got $750,000 in cash.
Although I don't think we'd let him keep the briefcase, do you? Probably not a good idea.
No.
So that kind of like rules that out.
But you know, if we would just listen to the goddess.
We'd probably have all of these news.
In fact, the world would be a so much better place.
Randy!
What?
How are you lifting to me?
No.
See, the professional talk show radio listeners, like I've always said, they give me the creeps.
That stuff went out with Nickers, okay?
So give it a rest.
What's your look at the votes we got on here?
Though I'll tell you one thing, 427 and just over an hour.
How about your Eric is crapping in his pants?
What's the many atkins bar, Eric?
What's your take on a capture of Saddam Hussein?
It's fine, but where's Osama?
Where's Osama Yamama?
149.
The whole invasion was bogus based on lies.
141.
You noticed that we're invasion.
Because that's what it was.
I thought it was Operation Iraqi Freedom.
What's the bushmeister saying?
The definition of getting the job done.
Yeah, I got a job for you.
It's called retirement.
The whole invasion was bogus based on lies.
141.
That's one small step for humanity in one giant political leap for George W. Bush.
141.
I was born in 1774.
I was born in 1774.
I was born in 1774.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
I was born in 1775.
He was a centrist who's his first issue was about gazing the military.
He worked out through his term.
He started out.
He became more of a centrist this time on you.
He got me.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
I think all those labels are stupid.
And make a joke, you clean it up.
And make a joke, you clean it up.
And you can't escape it.
The fear of turban head.
The fear of turban head.
Terrorist convenience store clerks.
Terrorist convenience store clerks.
Terrorist convenience store clerks.
Terrorist convenience store clerks.
Terrorist convenience store clerks.
Terrorist convenience store clerks.
Yeah, pack a camel, please.
In my country.
In my country.
Camels traveling.
In my country.
Camels traveling.
In my country.
Camels traveling.
Come and join a convenience store.
I hear you.
Love the 45 with 560 WQM.
Got a big story about Dick Cheney coming.
Here it is.
I'll head way through it to print out, you know what I mean.
I like Dick a lot.
OK, whatever you say, Gildi.
Supreme Court will reveal lawsuit over Cheney Energy meetings.
The Supreme Court said today it'll settle a fight stemming
from Vice President Dick Cheney's contacts for the energy industry.
As the Bush administration drafted its energy policy.
You know those closed door meetings that he didn't want to give you any information about?
There's the biggest cook-in-mall right there is DICK.
Don't trust DICK.
The Court agreed to hear an appeal from the administration, which is fighting a lawsuit
brought by Watchdog and Environmental Groups over the Energy Task Force Cheney assembled.
The panel met for, and by the way, Kenny Boyle, he was in on it.
The panel met for several months in 2001 issued a report that favored opening more public lands to oil and gas drilling
and proposed a range of other steps supported by the industry.
The lawsuit seeks to force the administration to provide details about the panel's records and their workings.
The group selects the industry representative as an effect functioned as members of the government panel,
which include cabinet secretaries and lower-level administration employees.
And that lovely.
The Watchdog Group, judicial watch and environmental organization Sierra Club had one permission from a lower court to gather records related to the Energy Task Force.
We're hoping at the end of this process the Court is going to remind the Vice President that he's not above the law
since the Sierra Club lawyer David Bookbinder.
That's the thing he's been making throughout this process that he simply immune from any inquiry into his activities.
Crook!
Dick Cheney's a crook.
Make no mistake about it.
And by the way, speaking of his deregator, not maybe there just might be a God beside you.
You're a YSA that?
Colin Powell, prostate the cancer surgery today.
Ready for that?
Maybe that'll teach him to go to the UN, put all those phony maps and lie through his freaking teeth.
Read the same stuff that he said the week before, which he didn't think anybody was listening.
I'm not going to read this Schmidt.
And lo and behold, somebody made him an offer he couldn't refuse.
And I think the Lord is punishing Colin Powell.
That's why he's got his prostate cancer.
Do you think so?
Oh, yeah.
I don't.
Sounds good though.
Well, I mean, you've got to feed him back somebody around bull crap.
You know, that's what they're always saying.
The Lord is punishing you for your abhorrent behavior, for all your grotesque, disgusting, pornographic, filthy, like you in clearance.
You're going to get yours.
Huh?
You'll see what goes around turns around.
Correct them.
Isn't that how it goes?
515 votes, man.
The votes are pouring in on this pool.
It's shocking.
And don't forget to go to neorongers.com.
Not just to vote, but to take it.
See, they're not going to do it.
Everybody should take a puke at that picture just as a reminder of what a bunch of hypocrites everybody in the world is.
How funny?
Because everybody's only in their own self interest.
That's how everybody operates.
Whatever's good for us today will lick your ass.
Okay, we don't care who the hell you are.
What kind of a crook you are.
But if you can help us out, we'll look the other way.
And here's Rumsfeld squeezing it and Saddam's hand too.
In fact, they're looking at each other with Rumsfeld.
So, we've got such a big smile on his face.
I think he wants to do something with him, you know?
Got the same look on his face that you have on yours when clearance walks in the studio.
And there's the information.
Just click on the caption under the picture.
U.S. documents show embrace of Saddam who's saying in the early 1980s,
despite chemical weapons, which you got from us,
despite external aggression and human rights abuses.
How is it, you know, I got to say this.
That thing that John Roberts just did in a press conference.
That was one of the most gutsy things that you probably,
I have probably went up in jail.
He's supposed to be the heir apparent to Dan Rather.
I don't think that's going to happen.
He'll probably be in prison before midnight.
It's about time more and more U.S. holes in the media started asking questions like that.
How stupid you have to be.
Even someone, and the question was phenomenal.
Even a total political novice could see.
Look at the timing of this.
You're going to put the government in place over there by June is the deadline
and start with your American troops.
Get all the troops home before that big day in November when you're going to get yourself coordinated again.
W.
The things that everybody knows and says in private,
but nobody is supposed to say in public,
that's the kind of thing that he just said there to the bushmeister.
And he just, you don't look like that.
Fumbled and bumbled and stammered and went all around in the circle
about how he's not going to forget 9-11-2001
and his job is to protect the American people.
What the hell does Saddam who's saying or any of the sacrifice in the lives of these American kids?
And a rack have to do for protecting the American people.
You butcher, you murderer, you, huh?
You're a rack.
Yes, see?
5-6-7, am I going to work up a little bit?
Don't let me do that because I'm going to lose my voice and you'll have to show him.
Plus, it sounds to me like you're laying out anyway.
Is he eating, Josh?
No.
I did have one of those shakes though.
And pretty good, huh?
Pretty tasty, but there's some after effects.
Get out of here.
That's one of our fine sponsors, by the way.
Beast.
It's very tasty though and filling.
And nutritious.
A lot of fiber.
Oh man.
Oh god, no wonder Mo hates you like poison, you know what?
You're just out of control.
You have to keep a lid on.
You would almost all times.
You asshole.
Just put out Mo, okay?
No Mo tomorrow.
Aren't you depressed that you're not going to get to see?
Now what?
Since you go in there, that's where you don't go in.
Where do you do your update?
The sport thing right there, man.
Right next to him.
So in other words, you're sitting right in there next to the Mo man at 8 o'clock in the room.
It's gonna be a lot of tension in the room.
And then of course when Joe comes in, you never cross paths.
What does that mean?
I mean like Joe waits for Howard to, uh, vape.
Believe that.
I said.
All right.
I love it.
Warm and love and kindness.
A WQA.
I'm especially doing these holidays.
As they have to wait for the changing of the guards.
Kind of like when I was there and I made damn sure then I'll do the same thing in January.
I made sure I come in every day just late enough to miss the moment.
I just don't want to see him, you know?
It's a sight though.
Because it just destroys my day.
I don't even have to lay eyes on it.
Piece of crap in the checkered pants.
And it's stupid hats.
He's wearing hats now.
Oh, he's wearing these like, uh, can go hats.
It's all the, uh, the brothers wear like in the hood.
Maybe he's turning black.
He's having an end of the life crisis.
Is that what it is?
And end of the life crisis.
Absolutely.
All right.
What a be a lot of celebration on that man.
Don't forget I got dibs though.
I'm going to be the first to dance on his grave.
I got that picture right on our CD.
Neil Fartson move on most grave.
I can't wait.
I'll be second.
Can't wait for that day and you'd be right behind me.
And Joe Rosal be lined up there.
And you know who'll be trying to push us all out of the way.
Let me give you a clue.
All right.
Can we try to shove us all out of the way?
Because man, he hates him like poison.
He resents the fact that this man came in a town, took away his partner that he worked so well with.
If you don't want to mention, uh, you know, no names on the air.
And then on top of that comes the town and sits him down at lunch for a little lecture about how,
how he wants him to do his job at the game.
So he doesn't interfere with the most brilliant delivery.
All in a state, the moment makes five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
WQA him.
Hello.
All right.
Can you help me?
Speaking.
Neil?
Yes, I am.
Oh, hi.
Oh.
Oh.
That was special, wasn't it?
Very.
What was that like a panic attack?
I mean, you had the feeling he actually might have had something to say.
And then when he realized he was talking to.
He just lost it.
He couldn't handle it.
He dropped it and the phone too.
WQA him.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I missed the John Roberts question.
I was in my car.
Can you repeat what he had asked him?
I'm going to repeat it again.
He basically asked him that since the, they're talking about bringing the troops home and having a government in place by, in Iraq by June,
he said even a political novice would have to feel that there was something politically motivated about that.
And that was, Bush became, like, apoplectic.
Good for John Roberts.
Exactly.
I say make him president.
And he'll get his walking papers tonight.
Probably.
I don't think you see him no more.
One thing I like to use is about Howard Dean is back paddling, no backbone, jellyfish.
Yes, today he reminded me of Michael Dukaka all over again, man. Wimpy as they come.
Just when I had a little hope.
Yeah.
Yeah, I was all whipped up about him again, but you know, so he's got a lot of money.
He knows how to use the internet.
And he's got, you know, all these big numbers.
He's 23 points ahead of New Hampshire.
But in the meantime, he's got to be able to be bushed if he's going to be a Wimpy then going to happen.
Not only Wimpy doesn't whip him anymore.
Yeah, have a great day, pal.
See you at the border.
There's going to be a lot of people lined up at the border.
I'll help you in a, especially if you're a hockey fan.
How about my maple leaves, Beast?
21 out of a possible 22 points in the last 11 games.
First place in the division.
One point away from the lead in the league.
Who could believe it?
You're not impressed, are you?
I'm just miserable about the Bruins goalie play.
About the fact that your team is floundering like crazy in the last time that we played you guys.
We beat you six to four.
Pretty embarrassing.
Get hot fan.
Great deal.
Yeah, you keep him.
He'll get there with him.
And nobody's showing up at that.
And I'm a Fleet Center man.
All those people disguised as empty yellow seats.
See one thing if you're going to build an arena, folks.
Don't make the seats yellow.
Not a good idea because then when nobody shows up, it's like, oh, it's like just blinding.
Seeing all those empty yellow seats.
Nobody's showing up.
Half the place is empty every night.
Because they're all into the Patriots.
They're all, that's right.
They're like South Florida, they're bandwagon jumpers.
They're hopping on a winner.
Hopping on Tom Brady, which a lot of people would like to.
535 votes.
What's your take on the capture of Saddam Hussein?
Have we had a woman call yet?
No. No.
Hello, Randy.
I'd like to say that I think this president is just the greatest thing since sliced halibar.
535 votes.
It's fine, but where's Osama?
190.
Osama, that's the man.
The whole invasion was bogus based upon lies, 167, which we know.
See the impeachment trial should be going on right now.
That's absolutely right.
And instead, here he is basking in this capture of the evil door.
We caught him, we got him, we got the big fish, we got the evil door.
As if it changes anything, which of course it really doesn't.
Anyway, one small step for humanity, one giant political leap for George W. Bush, 90.
Fry the Bastard on Channel 753, meaning Saddam, of course.
And no matter what the cost, it was well worth it, 40.
7.4%.
40 people out of 540 say, no matter how many Americans and everybody else had a die,
it was well worth it just to get this bearded Bastard.
The one that we popped up there in the first place, and provided all those chemical weapons too,
because he wasn't the Ayatollah.
Take a look at that picture of Rumsfeld and Saddam and Pukier Guts out, okay, and read the caption.
Just keep reading it and looking at it again and again.
If you want to start getting a little idea of how corrupt the whole goddamn world is,
and you wonder why people are so much more involved in ball games and things, and like getting laid?
That's where it's at, right?
Enjoy it while you can, baby, because all this other stuff is just, you know,
we're all just little, impudent people crawling around on the face of this globe.
Four minutes till noon at 560 W.D.C.
and why not let the number one Asian buffet in the world, Emerald Coast,
do all the cooking for you this holiday season?
Reserve your holiday party right now.
Emerald Coast can accommodate even the biggest groups start your mouth-watering eating experience,
with six different soups, any or all, I'm sure the beast would make sure you try them all just to be fear.
And then sample dozens of succulent on-preys like New York strip made of order,
and the sizzling Asian grill along with that new seafood saying,
Jacques, enjoy oysters on the half-shell every night, Alaskan stone crab,
middle-net clams, Dumbo, it's a scrim scampy.
Scrim scampy now for the first time,
steamed and main lobster under weekends too at the Emerald Coast.
They've got hand-carb prime rib, the new Thai specialties too.
And don't forget, you'll never walk out of this place with a headache, just a big-fat public,
because they use only cholesterol for your oils and all their cooking,
no honesty, no cornstarch, no crab.
At the Emerald Coast, they buffet features a full salad bar,
the new sushi bar, fresh-room cocktail too, and a dessert station.
Now most people will probably be too full after picking out all the other good stuff,
but I guarantee the beast would still find a little bit of room,
maybe shovel it into his pants, for dessert, Belgian waffles, pies, cakes,
pastries with all your favorite toppings on the ice cream to infresh fruit as well.
Emerald Coast relocation sunrise, pine on a 44th street,
Collins Avenue just north of 163rd, North Miami Beach,
and at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke Roads in Pembroke pies.
So take the Gansamish Baja, or book your next business luncheon right now.
The Emerald Coast and let them do the cooking for you,
take out and delivery available as well too.
954-5723822, 954-5723822 for the holidays or any time for a real feast.
It's the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
This is 420-06-2AM.
Mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on QAM.
The Thumb of the M.
Oh, right.
Oh, stop bombing Baghdad.
Do it every day.
First, I want to watch it on TV.
I rack, I rack.
We've not closed.
It should take a day.
Let us just put an end to it.
I rack, I rack.
I want to wake up and see their cities don't exist.
Put in an air and tell that Saddam Hussein,
Oh, where really pissed you're under my skin that little piece of sh.
Ain't get away.
I'll get the mops and make a hits from all of you.
Your son has not to go off that now.
We all know it's time to bomb.
I rack, I rack.
I rack, I rack.
I want to wake up and see their cities or blown to bits of blue TV.
And say that we're number one.
Talk of the heat.
We can't be beat.
Again we have one who knows.
Stop bombing Baghdad.
One that's thought to say you.
Let's make your part a lot of this.
Taddles I rack.
And when all the boys are there, I'll do a show with that chick chair and say goodbye.
I rack, I rack.
Taddles turban heads.
12404560 W.C.L.A.
This is the fact of the century if this is true and even if it isn't, it's great.
Regarding the capture of Saddam, good morning America, 125003 this morning.
Diane Sawyer interviews one of the journalists standing in the entrance hold a Sodom's hide-on,
asked the question to the journalist.
Can you describe to us just how smelly the hole is?
I thought it was Sodom and they're not encoder.
I thought it was Sodom and they're not screw in.
Are you ready for that?
No.
Can you describe to us just how smelly the hole is?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
The the the the the central
I'm not sorry.
I'm not sorry.
I'm not sorry.
Who are the other people who have taken the case and are sued
Look at that thing. Look at that picture of rum. Have you looked at it? I saw it.
Rumsfeld, big smile on his face, big enthusiasm, greeting. He's squeezing it so hard.
It's about ready to pop. And this is what I'm saying too. WQIM.
Neil. Yes sir.
You know, the most stressing thing about this is that using Lieberman comes out later
yesterday and said a dean was like wrong. He was saying what are you saying.
He said if Howard Dean would have been president, Saddam Hussein would still be in power right now in Iran.
It's like Bush doesn't have to say anti because the government is making a form.
That's right. It's disgusting.
And as you do Lieberman is of a screase.
You know, and I find my parents are that perfect demographic for Lieberman and they're disgusted with him.
So it's like, I hope that somebody pees on his halva.
It's horrible. And he comes out and says nothing that back up, his earlier belief that we should go and have to say,
but there's still no weapons out there. There's no a minute of threat.
And what he talks about, but to let him be the show for the Republicans is disgusting.
Right. He wants to prove to the world that there actually is somebody more to the right than Bush.
And he wanted to like Gordon and back him.
Yeah. You know,
of course, the Gore said in my message, I think it was Coxalhoi something like that.
And you know, and she'd done rather face up in the morning.
And my first stop being all here comes, here comes Bush for another four years.
And not her way we got here saying should say something.
It's just horrible. It is. Well, I'm disgusted.
See an agro falls man. They got a great casino.
I think I'm moving to Canada.
Good luck. Thanks.
Tell us past noon at 560 WQM 560 S.M.
Toronto like ration my voice today soon.
Have you get pressed into emergency service?
But you could do a hell of a show.
Oh.
What?
If call upon I could I could figure something out.
Yeah.
Like I said, I think my voice is coming back.
Certainly we need to find out who the sales hold is behind it.
This really threw me up for a loop.
Are you sending me this? It's not you, but I mean, Miguel.
Facts me this thing. Why does he?
Why is he doing this? You know, we don't do that.
He knows that we don't do that.
He knows that we don't ever do that.
And he allowed one of the sales holes to make some kind of a backdoor deal.
To try to sneak it in the day.
They're always pulling this crap man.
I'm going to fight out before the end of this day who the sales hole is without account.
Unacceptable is the answer.
OK, it is positively unbelievable and unacceptable.
I'll go dig for the answer.
Please go dig for some gold.
Like Mo WQM. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am. Here's a lady.
Oh.
Yes, I've been out of the phone.
About 30 men.
And can I just say I don't enjoy this phone system because at least the other way when
you're on hold you get to listen to the show on the phone.
Yeah.
But this way I have to turn the radio off.
And so you may have.
Yeah, but look how easy it worked though.
Here you are.
I know.
Yeah.
30 minutes later.
Yeah.
So you may have already discussed this.
I don't know.
But are you really certain that the guy in the hole is really who we think he is?
Because I'm not.
And why is that?
Well, a couple things.
We know the real jerk was totally phobic about cleanliness, germs and his appearance.
The guy in the hole, not so much.
But also like Morris Gibbon said he was also interested in staying alive.
I am.
No kidding.
Yeah.
Unfortunately for Morris, he went to Mount Sinai.
Yeah, it's him.
They did the initial DNA.
It came back.
It's him.
They paraded him in front of Terracas, these and all of his buddies.
They said, oh, yeah, that's a scumbag.
Yeah, but it's him.
It's him.
They've been alive before either.
Have they?
Let me say it again.
It's him.
And have a great day.
12 minutes past noon at 560 WQM.
Hey, if you're on one of those low carb diets, let me tell you right now.
It is really boring.
It's right.
Unless you got some variety.
Where do you find variety?
Not in your supermarket.
You find nice meat and cheese and stuff like that in your supermarket.
See food.
But you won't find the other good stuff to keep you on the straight and narrow path.
At the lights you will, you'll find over a thousand low carb products like breads and
bagels, cheesecakes, muffins, brownies, pasta and sauces, chocolates, chips and dips,
soups and ketchup, carbolite ice cream and lots more.
Every year a month they get new stuff in.
Walnut brownies buy control carb.
Delicious.
They got something to like chocolate chip cookies.
Crunchy pretzels by Carbsons.
Don't choke on them.
They got individual size cheesecakes and four flavors.
Control carb brownies and seven flavors.
The most popular item in the store.
They got blitz stoked mince, jutees, low carb peanut brittle.
They got a lot of new but jams for you to us.
Jam on it.
Seven gourmet flavors.
Slim carb fudgies for a fudge brownies and chocolate raspberry cookies.
And they got a lot of tortilla grade for making low carb wraps.
Original garlic or green onion.
They are out.
Fing standing.
And don't forget you can try anything in the store before you buy it and all the
Edkins products are on sale all day, every day.
The lights are open.
Seven days a week from 10 to 10.
You'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 next to Boston Market or Column
Toolfree at 1-877-LowCarb.
1-877-L-O-W-C-A-R-B-R-R-O-W-E-B-It's lowcarb.com.
Don't forget it's a pen.
I, one of a kind store in the university, lights of West Boka and it's your official
Edkins retail center.
Fly and local.
We're sports radio 560s.
You ain't you a-m.
Beyond God.
Maybe from heaven?
The brothers who claim.
One, two, three, four, five.
Well, once in a while we know that not all life.
Cause we found their hiding spot in Baghdad.
And now that they're dead, I don't feel it in a big stand.
Made the things that were so damn sick.
Most of the dumb sons were roasted on the stick.
They were rapists.
Murderers.
Hoodlooms and crooks.
And now they're just a memory and I rack in history books.
In the end they went out like girfs.
I wonder if they finally lost those evil cocky smarts.
Watching TV while our hell broke huge stand-up mom hit their cup boots.
Big ol' ugly youths, they finally died.
With little brother Kusse, find his side.
I wonder if the daddy even tried to save his sons or one stick.
Terrifying.
We finally closed the book and left to some.
They were full of hate to sober some.
Now they're on the hellbound seven train.
Say goodbye to the brother Kusse.
I know you're gonna think I'm crazy but I'm telling you,
I hear something outside.
It's just a TV.
Don't be so paranoid.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I don't think it's a TV.
It's a TV.
Something's wrong out there.
Where's the door?
Where's the guy then?
Send me a loppel.
OK.
But I'll go check it.
Check it.
Check it.
What the hell is that?
That's all those people.
Oh no.
Uh-huh.
Oh no.
Good.
Now they're gonna give you big finally dies.
With little brother Kusse, find his side.
I wonder if the daddy even tried to save his sons or one stick.
Terrified.
We finally close the book and then to the stone.
They will pull the hate to stone to stone.
Now they're on the hellbound seven train.
Say goodbye to the brother Kusse.
Yeah, I got nobody's waiting here.
I put the gate.
Uh-oh.
In the trash.
No, I don't think it is.
Not to hear.
Yeah, you know why it's hot, huh?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like a thousand degrees.
It's something like that.
Yeah, look at all this.
I'm not back there, but that's not where we are.
That's ridiculous, man.
Oh, look at that.
That's true.
Light of the fact.
There's a few more.
Had it in some kind of a smotted to us.
I'm always saying, man, it's just enough to make it gag.
That's the make you want to puke your guts out.
Got another Mexico, a new Mexico?
You know Bill Richardson?
No, you don't.
Do you know anything, Beast?
Be satisfied that they have painted 20th century.
Do you know anything?
And also, well, let me ask you a little easier question.
Can you describe to us just how smelly the hole is?
Which one?
Oh, what a journalist, baby.
Diane Sawyer.
What does it smell like?
Brackum.
Rats, mice, lice, vermin, Sodom.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T.
We might just break our record today.
By the way, did you get an update on that thing about that promo yet?
Yeah.
And Miguel says he set that deal up over the weekend.
What do you mean he set it up?
He said he set it up.
He set it up.
Yeah.
No.
Tell him what he said.
I asked the facet guy.
Well, how long do he set it up?
Tell him the instruction is to unset it up.
OK?
I told him that.
He said, don't read it.
He'll work on it.
Yeah, yeah.
He's working on it.
604 votes.
We might break the record down.
I think we've ever, even during the alien days,
reached the 900 mark during the show.
Can we ever reach 900 on the show?
I don't think so.
How do I know?
How would you know?
604.
What's your take on the capture of Sodom who's saying?
It's fine, but where's Osama 216?
Where's Osama?
Yamama.
The whole invasion was bogus based on lies 183.
And anybody who said that is.
That's the only correction.
That's one small step for humanity in one giant political leap
for George W. Bush.
102.
What a brilliant choice.
That was nice going, Josh.
Josh come up with that idea.
No.
Fry the bastard on Channel 760.
And no matter what the cost, it was well worth it.
43, 7.1%.
No matter how many people we had to sacrifice.
To get that bearded bastard.
That we used to like a lot.
And who we decided it was not in our best interest.
And we had to like do something.
So we decided we want to hook up our hose.
Speaking of hooking up the old hose,
guess who got a number one record in England now
for the first time in 33 years?
I know who it is.
You do?
Yep.
Ozzy.
Rocker Ozzy Osborn is made British chart history
by scoring a number one single 33 years after his first hit.
You got to give him a lot of fncredit, you know?
The singer currently recovering after a quad bike accident
that his wife said nearly killed him.
He stopped breathing.
Had to be revived by a security guard.
When straight to number one with changes,
they do what with his daughter, Kelly.
The new way the record taught the UK singles charts yesterday.
Ozborn's first chart hit was paranoid when he was with the group Black 7,
which reached number four in August 1970.
Ozborn 55 beat previous record holder Lulu.
By nearly four years, the Guinness Book of Records
today according to the press association,
Lulu and wasn't it to Sir Woodlove?
Man, her first hit shout reached number seven in May of 64.
29 years before she tapped the charts with her collaboration,
would take that relight my fire.
Whatever the highlight is.
I don't know it.
I don't either.
But she did do to Sir Woodlove Lulu.
She was a real Lulu.
It just, you're just not old enough.
You're not old fart like me and George.
Even George is an old fart now, which is good.
We need to infuse some young blood on QM,
which is why starting next Monday,
the beast and the clearance are going to be doing 8 to 10 more
because we can't afford to pay Joe Rose.
What a love fest that would be.
When you told me that story about channel six is like
hellbent against him doing that show.
A fact that he went into Greg and asked for too much money.
And that's why this continues to be a temporary deal.
That is so freaking depressing.
We're never going to get like one toe on the ground.
Forget about getting a foot on the ground.
QM will never get a toe on the ground.
And the trend comes out Thursday.
Is it going to mean anything?
No.
I mean, we can, you know,
we can live off it for a while if it's good.
Because the trend will be September, October, November,
which goes through about the 20th of October.
And guess who was with us for most of that trend doing 8 to 10?
Right.
I'll take your children.
I'll sell them to some Haitians.
I was thinking Haitians by the way they are
forming at the mouth with Walmart always like those Haitians.
You know what?
Always like them a lot.
Yamaha.
But today I like them even better.
All you Haitian people, we love you.
Boyton beats chanting stop by city.
About 100 Haitian Americans demonstrated outside of Walmart Supercenter.
They protest the company's selling of a video game with anti-H Haitian epipates.
Representatives of Haitian organizations,
churches and political clubs joined together Saturday.
The protest that protested selling of Grand Theft Auto,
Vice City, a popular video game that features dialogue and
encouraging players to kill all Haitians and kill the Cubans.
Thank you.
But lovely.
It's inflammatory.
It's violent and it's vulgar said attorney Willie Jones,
who yelled into a megaphone during the protest.
Walmart officials said they had no plans to stop selling the game.
Let me say it again.
It features dialogue and encouraging players to kill all Haitians and kill the Cubans.
The film we're getting.
Our focus is on our customers and we offer products.
We believe they want Walmart and maybe they can start selling swastikers there too.
What do you think?
Presently a lot of their customers want those.
Walmart spokesman Dan Fogelman said yesterday,
oh, you've paid, Dan.
These games are selling well and we've had a few customer complaints.
Fogelman noted that only customers ate 17 and older can buy the game.
And Walmart requires ID from younger customers.
So mature weighted games are not ending up in the hands of kids
without their parents consent.
So only people over 17 can kill all Haitians and the Cubans.
That is like the most popular game right now.
Grand theft auto by city.
Yeah, it's one of the places Miami.
Well, how about we get what if we had a game that's a killer fat Jews?
I'd you buy that.
Take two interactive software, the manufacturer of the game in which
the next convict is had to recover stolen drug money in the streets of Miami.
Has been harshly criticized for its portrayal of the groups.
So 11 million games have been sold already.
Says the beast.
Take two interactive officials have said the objectionable statements will be
removed from the game, but they declined comment and the possibility of a recall.
So in other words, those already in like somebody's going to give it back, of course not.
Can you imagine how much more that would be worth if they recalled your game beast?
I have it.
Do you have it?
Yeah.
Well, why why was somebody your age have a grand figure out shooting people?
You can now have sex with hookers in the game.
It's great.
Hating them Cuba hookers.
Sure, hookers of all colors.
Lovely.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 like I said,
stayed the hell away from Walmart.
Walmart blows.
You didn't get it at Walmart, didn't you?
No.
Oh, please tell me you don't chop it Walmart.
No, never don't go to Walmart.
WQM.
Hello.
Speaking.
Yes, sir, speaking.
Oh, sorry.
Neil, Neil, have you haven't played that game?
No.
Oh, my God.
You know what?
In some believable Walmart has no plans of taking this off the shelf.
Yeah, they will not sell any records that have, you know,
bad words in them.
But that was a different thing.
You would say,
somebody say,
bad word,
you bought there and kill all bunch of people with a game.
Yeah, Walmart sucks, man.
And now you know,
I'm going to choose Walmart killed probably more than him,
but because most of the Jews that were in the shop,
the business are no longer in there.
That's too much.
There you go.
Thank you very much.
Okay, Zagas,
I'm in.
Stay away from Walmart.
I'll see you at Kmart.
And Jews don't chop at Walmart.
Only trailer trash shop at Walmart, right?
I'm actually Josh don't stop at shop at Walmart.
No.
Can't afford he can't afford he shops at the dollar store.
With his big check from QAM.
Shops as tarjet.
26, well, that sounds really like a fashion statement.
26 past noon.
Oh, maybe it's French.
Don't start the rumor that Target is French.
You're going to start boycotting that too.
Where the hell can you go and be safe?
Certainly not ever Cromby and bitch.
Not after that.
Not after they whipped out.
I think ever Cromby and Fitch was the
Howard Dean of the fashion business,
the way they caved in real quick here.
Oh, we're not we're going to cancel that catalog.
And you're right.
We're going to go out and hire a whole bunch of minority people.
Because who now wants to see a bunch of hot looking
the young people almost naked?
Who wants to see that?
You know,
yes, yes.
All right.
27 past noon at 560 WQM.
The beast is looking forward to what's the word I'm looking for?
Copulating.
He's going to be watching nightline.
He's going to be tent copulating with the clearance tonight.
As brand new King Cromatrice from Dollar Matrice.
Aren't you?
Without a doubt.
You guys going to be doing it?
We're going to wear it in.
And so when he comes in tomorrow morning,
he'll be able to answer the question.
Can you describe to us just how smelly the hole is?
I bet you die in service.
Listen to this.
Show tomorrow no doubt.
Anyway, at Dollar Matrice,
there's no full phony promises.
No bait and switch.
Just every day.
His compresses on brand names.
You know, one of them.
Now, including Sterns of Anas Foster.
The guaranteed lowest price in the world on Sterns of Anas Foster.
And now if you hate chopping out there during the holidays,
and all the mess in the fuss,
make your gift a little easier this year to give for the U-1-0 ones.
You love a gift certificate from Dollar Matrice.
Just call 1-800-MattPrice and give the gift that they'll be thanking you for a year
and a year out.
They got gift certificates in any
denomination.
Whether you want to give a really big one or like if you're a cheap skate.
And don't forget, you get on beatable service too.
You pick the day in time for delivery.
Any two-hour window seven days a week from 8 AM to 10 PM.
What time are they coming to your place?
Actually, just after 2-2 30.
So I have to get home pretty quick.
2-1.
About 30, man.
I'll be man.
I've been sleeping on a mat for some of these folks for years.
And man, your back will know the difference.
Trust me when I tell you.
Honest sales practices.
Fantastic service.
Every day low prices.
Same day delivery.
And free setup and roll will all make it easy to see.
My dollar mat for this is ranked Numaro Uno for customer satisfaction.
So for the best service in prices in the world called the vetting experts,
dial a mattress, tool free, 1-800-MACRUS, 1-800-MATTRES, or online,
you'll reach them at macrus.com.
Happy holidays from all your friends at dial a mattress.
My and lulls, this is 4-3-0-5-6-1.
Way to lay out.
Up the butt.
Maybe Geltican described what just now smelly.
Braco.
That's the blue.
If this ever ends up, we should just take them now.
Who's saying?
Go to back downtown.
Blow it to the ground.
Who's saying you've heard?
Each is lies full of lies.
Only lies.
Who's saying?
How will Rasu can kiss you?
Wanna inspect this?
Who's saying?
If we had a boat, your mother looks like goat.
Each is lies full of lies.
Only lies.
Who's saying?
He's insane.
When all is said and done,
you know that we have one who's saying.
Because we have the neck to destroy
I rack who's saying.
He just lies.
He likes guys here he dies.
Who's saying?
Don't you try and deny say my five.
Who's saying?
Who's saying?
I guess I was getting old pretty.
We're not gonna make 900 boats out of you now.
648 out of Polo.
What's your take on the capture of Sodom?
We'll say it and don't forget when you go to thearages.com.
Be sure.
Be sure to take a look at that picture
of Rumsfeld and Sodom and then read the capture.
Click on the capture underneath them.
Take like two minutes out of your precious lifetime.
Look at that phone man.
When you think on the day when the capture was saying that people would be like fall
each other all over each other, fall on top of each other.
I would think so.
But they're not.
We're doing screenless and we got like little action on there.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
WQAM, hello.
Do I have a meal righty show?
Yes you do.
Good afternoon.
Hello.
What do you need to hear sir?
What that was?
Yeah, I'm shocked.
I comment on Walmart please.
Go right ahead.
The particular store is on Riffin Road and 67th Avenue.
For 10-12 years I've gotten my Broward Newtimes and CityLength used to be excess.
These papers over there.
Once there was some nasty letters in the Newtimes stating that the magazine
publication was perverted and rotten and disgusting.
A week or two later guess what?
It all was born.
It disappeared.
I asked, nobody would tell me.
I used the forms to ask the manager, ask the president, they didn't answer me.
But then I read something in Playboy Magazine in October.
They did a big piece on Walmart and it's history, founding and what it does.
It's obvious. It's Walmart.
They don't like what the Newtimes print even though it does.
That's right.
So how do you get it?
The censorship is alive and well at Walmart.
You got it.
But if they're selling games that advocate killing all the Haitians and killer Cubans then it's okay.
Neil, the situation it's all to you. It's been years and years.
Let me leave you with this. Happy holidays.
And I go back to the old days of Craig and his pilot paper Cosies.
Is that easier for me?
It's okay. Take care.
All three of us, I guess. Take care.
Is he eating? Please tell me the truth.
No. I'm not eating.
No, you must be. Your blood sugar must be 600 by now.
You sound like you're in a condition to go over in a corner, roll up against the wall and just take about a five hour nap.
I am tired.
Why is that?
I was up late last night.
Doing what? I was preparing my bedroom from my new queen size bed from Dilemma.
You were preparing your bedroom for your new queen?
Yeah.
Clarence is moving in.
That's probably why you got you that King Coral mattress.
Yeah, he said he's coming up.
So you can coil up on it together.
Yep.
Hmm. Makes me recoil when I think of it.
Oh, God.
Ugh.
Anyway, next speaking of that, this is perfect.
What a segue. Nasty language on live TV renews old debate.
You know, that whole thing on a musical word show the Billboard musical words last Wednesday night when they had a big concert time about all the filthy language they got out.
Nicole Richie of the Fox reality show the simple act prepared to announce the category of nominees on the Billboard musical words Wednesday night.
Standing alongside her was co-star hotel, Harris, Paris Hilton, New Warned.
Now Nicole remember this is a live show. Watch the bad language.
Richie paid no attention using a vulgar substitute for the exclamation is shoot.
This is on what website Washington Post. Go ahead, shoot.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
The broadcast which employed a five-second delay to catch up.
Senities bleeped out the offending word, but Richie was one step ahead.
Wasting no time.
Before Fox could have to dump again, she described her time on the simple life and which she and Hilton with Arkansas farm family.
She repeated the word and added one for good measure.
She said, if you ever try to get the cow out of a product purse, Richie said it's not so fucking simple.
Richie's bad words come two months after a little noticed and many say nonsensical ruling by the FCC that appeared to sanction what government officials called the F word as long as it's used as an adjective.
Critics say the decision further on least the potty mouse they believe are taking over radio and television.
Oh, members of both parties and Congress are demanding that the FCC crack down hard around broadcasters while some FCC members want to toughen the penalties, the agency imposes.
Wait until you hear, oh God, members of the parents television council, a group that monitors TV broadcast and whose celebrity advises include Pat Boone and Jane Seymour.
I filed more than 85,000 complaints about broadcast and decency and obscenity at the FCC this year. Pat, Ethan Boone and Jane, Ethan Seymour, you ready for that?
No.
And this of course was televised on which network what reality show was that got the word and what network was this on Fox.
Fox, Fox, you're right wing goose stomping news network which makes hay on your racey racey ultra left wing ultra liberal entertainment network.
Fox apologize for Richie's words with the immediacy of live television comes the possibility of action or dialogue that may be offensive to some viewers that were served in a prepared statement.
We've experienced a failure in the system design of offense such an occurrence and working to ensure it do not be happening again.
How do you like that? Huh? What a crack a crap. That's the Fox.
Fucking network by the way, just in case you didn't get it the first time.
What's your phone is 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line 20 till 1 a Q a M.
Have you ever tasted one of those meal replacements? Most of them taste like whatever I can't see on the ear like crap.
Check out how much sugar they have now. There's a product that tastes great is sugar free. In fact, the beast has had like 15 or 20.
Those cans a little while ago pretty good. Huh? They are really good actually.
Interact and an erect diabetic is truly the best tasting meal replacement drink ever formulated for people with diabetes and for people looking for a reduced sugar intake.
Swing with splendor brand sucralose, no nasty aftertaste like you with those drinks that use saccharine or aspartane.
Interact and antibiotics completely impalenced nutritional supplement that provides fiber and antioxidants yet is low in saturated fat and cholesterol.
Interact and antibiotics also gluten free and lactose free as well. And eight ounce can provides 237 calories of the deliciously healthy nutrition that's internationally recommended by doctors and dietitians.
Don't sacrifice proper nutrition when you're sure it on time. Try Interact and diabetic once you'll never go back to whatever you used before.
Makeers of Interact and diabetic are so sure you're going to love it that they're given away free samples just for the axing.
So go to interact diabetic.com that's ENT-ERX, interact diabetic.com or column tool free at 1-866-368-3739.
That's 1-866-368-3739. Tom the Neal sent you for the delicious one. 1-866-368-3739.
My life and love this is for Trio by City.
Way and way.
There is never a dull moment at Walmart.
I love looking at Walmart.
We say at Walmart way after our ships are over partly because we love it but mostly cause they lock us in.
It's more than a story, it's a fun place to visit.
The best thing about being on the Walmart team is not having all those forms and papers and workers with health benefits have to worry about.
You never know what you're going to find at Walmart.
They just come in for the fun of it.
The immigrants are the best at Walmart. They clean our toilets practically for free.
And Walmart's I don't need no stink in green card.
We don't need no vages. I don't have to show you I'm a stinkin vages.
It's like my morning regime. It's been told to be in wake up at Walmart.
Walmart sucks. Okay. 1245. I think even a trailer trash should avoid a Walmart at all costs.
674 votes on that poll, man. Georgia would be impressed.
Even he even had a little gravel oven. Spick would be impressed.
674. What's your take on a capture of Saddam Hussein?
It's fine, but where's Osama?
245. The whole invasion was bogus based on lies. 204.
That's one small step for humanity. One giant political step leaked for George W. Bush.
112.
Absolutely.
Fry the bastard on Channel 767.
And no matter the cost, it was well worth it. 46 people, 6.8%.
Well, obviously didn't know anybody who died over there. 6.8% said it was well worth it no matter how many innocent people had to die.
5670560, pound 566 on the AT&T in Verizon, Marles, L.O.K., Kimba Bo camper, the man dog at 2 Kimba for Hanke 4 from PP Park.
And then you got hours and hours of commercial loaded the radio.
5 to 9, dog.
Oh, it's speaking of that promo we just played. Maybe the beast because he doesn't hold back.
How come Dave Van Boring gets off, so easy is he like sharing his wife or something? What's the deal with that?
What do you mean?
Well, why doesn't it, I mean, I'm the only one on this radio station that rips him in ass and deserves it.
He's the most boring human being on a face of the earth because I think because he's such a nice guy that people are afraid to say anything.
Yeah.
Well, look at Mo, you're always your pen on Mo.
Like I said, Dave is a nice guy.
Yeah. Well, he made me a nice guy, but he's in that. He's terminal. He's coma inducing.
Can you believe that they're using that call on that promo?
Will that inspire you to rush right out and just open up your wallet and unload audio money on season tickets for next year's Marlon season?
Oh, what is this? What is this?
Oh, that you just fact me this is gotta be. Oh, my God.
One website, what kind of dead calf file?
And this is one of those maniacal lunatics.
I actually go to that one every day.
You do? Yeah. And what is it?
It's like an Israeli intelligence news website.
Oh, no.
Oh, oh, oh.
Indication, Sonom was not in hiding, but I kept it.
A number of questions are raised by the incredibly be drag-old tired and crushed condition of this once.
Savage, dapper, and pampered ruler who was discovered in a hole in the ground on Saturday, December 13.
One, the length and state of his hair indicated he not seen a barber even had a shampoo for several weeks.
One is probably barbershops all over there and decree. You know, we just to go out.
Super matter how many people are looking for you, right?
Two, the wild state of his beard indicated, not shave for the same period.
Three, the whole dog in the floor of a cellar in a farm compound near decree was primitive indeed.
Six feet across and eight feet across with minimal sanitary arrangements.
A far cry from his opulent palaces.
Ain't probably if he had any brains, but it just got back to one of the palaces long after a while, right?
He was right there near one of them anyways.
Sure.
Four, Sodom looked beaten and hungry, except for all of them candy wrappers and hot dogs.
Five, detained, tried to escape, were two unidentified men.
Left with them were two AK-47 assault guns and a pistol. None of which were used.
Yeah, when you're detaining somebody, don't you always leave them to a couple of AK-47s at a pistol?
I think so.
And 750 grand and $100 bills in a briefcase.
Six, the whole only hand one opening.
Raccoon.
Oh man!
I guess that leaves out the screw-anon and that book she's writing.
That's the best cellar already, by the way.
What is that?
One in the pink and one in the stink.
Yeah!
Yeah, it's on our website.
You better get with it, mister.
You're out of touch, so to speak.
Spell with Josh as.
You better specify. You better call him clearance.
Oh, sorry, Clarence.
Yeah, the other Josh is quickly fading. He's about ready to pass out.
Is he really?
Oh, he's got a few very, very common.
He would need the first producer we had passed out in that room outside of that.
Just don't fall on the floor, Josh, and have your eyes start rolling around on your head.
I'm puking and things like that.
By the way, Mark Eisenberg is at the Bokeh Town Center mall until 2 o'clock at the west side of the Sears parking lot.
Oh, he's about to go out.
Oh, he's about to go out.
Come like an actor thought.
Well, we're not that crazy about him anyways.
These are good guys.
He's almost as boring as they've been boring.
Mark Eisenberg, I thought you were going to tell me Bob Eisenberg was there.
That would have really been something.
Go on there and tug on Bob's hair.
So Mark Eisenberg is where again?
The Bokeh Town Center mall, the west side of the Sears parking lot.
Until 2 o'clock.
Well, I'm only finding out about this now.
Obviously it was a mistake.
He called me.
Yeah.
We're supposed to...
Hey, don't play much, Mark.
Nobody told us about it.
I got no promo.
The old homo don't got no promo.
No, Mo.
In addition to which, how much money is he going to do?
So what is he got?
Is he got our merchandise?
No, he's actually collecting toys for the Joe Mark toy drive.
Oh, man.
You know something.
You're smircling there.
But I heard you saying on Joe's show.
That's right.
I heard you say it.
So you knew about it.
I did.
You're just standing back in your buddy there.
Well, you know, it's...
Joe and Mark.
You know, they actually...
They keep trying to get me to do the overnight show,
because they think they're going to get 8 to 10.
They're going to get 8 to 10.
Yeah, they think they're going to move to the morning.
They can't find a way.
They keep trying to tell me how great the overnight show is.
Maybe Mark Eisenberg will call in and describe what's just how smirly the hole is.
Number six.
The hole only had one opening and void did its stink.
It was not only camouflage with mud and bricks.
It was blocked.
He couldn't have climbed out without somebody on the outside,
moving the covering.
Well, I guess that was the idea, because you did.
You noticed it was like a little handle on the Styrofoam on a covering on the thing.
He could have just knocked it right out.
What kind of crap is that?
And seven.
Most important, 750 grand and $100 notes were found with them.
A pittance for his captors expected $25 million reward.
But no communications equipment of any kind,
whether cell phone, even a carrier,
pigeon for contacting the outside world.
Yeah, when you're holding somebody captive,
I mean, you know, what's 750 grand?
According to dead-to-file analysts,
these seven anomalies point to one conclusion.
Sodom Hussein was not in hiding.
He was a prisoner.
Boy!
Well, this sounds like the kind of cock-a in history and paranoia you're hearing on certain radio shows.
Randy!
What?
Hello, Randy.
What?
Are you living to me? No.
No, and that question about what Rick Sances said.
This and Rick Sances said that.
Rick Sances wants an awk, nobody wants his TV show.
All of these things.
Probably because it sucks.
Even George said his show was horrible.
And this goes on, I'm going to read this stuff.
You probably printed this out.
I did. I printed the article.
You did?
Yeah, because the guy referred to it.
So I wanted you to have the article that he wrote.
Oh my God!
I thought somebody faxed it in.
Someone is right-wing hysterical, Israeli paranoia.
By the way, they showed that fat piece of crap Ariel Shiro and yesterday.
And he's in there talking about, well, this threat to, you know,
this terrorist threat.
And I'm thinking to myself, well, I talk about a terrorist.
Just go look at him.
You fat tub.
Man.
What does this say?
Oh, I see.
This was in connection with this paranoid fax that you sent from Karen.
Hey, Karen, the tooth fairy lives.
And so does God and Sandy Claus.
5670560, pound 5660 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
We got him, baby.
We got him.
WQAM.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing today?
Pretty good.
Got two things.
One thing is, I hate springless.
Because myself won't provide or only let the ring for two minutes and then they cut you off.
I hate that.
Now, I hate it too.
Also, the thing with this grand theft auto by city.
Everyone's complaining about it.
Right.
It's not a, if you played the game or if you know the game, one of your,
people that works there has a game.
It's not just, it doesn't say kill all Haitians just cart blood to kill all Haitians.
Well, we're doing it.
We're doing a deal with a Haitian gang.
And the Haitian gang is trying to screw them over.
So that's why it says kill the Haitians, meaning the Haitian gang.
Yeah.
So we're talking about the Cuban.
The game's a violent game anyway.
What about the Cuban?
What about the Cuban?
That says that too.
There's a Cuban gang.
There's Jamaican gang.
There's all these gangs that this guy is doing deals with.
Yeah, I'm on.
Yeah, I'm on.
Anyway, so you know, this game's been out a year now.
All of a sudden they're just coming up with this.
Oh, it says kill all the Haitians in there.
Where were there a year ago when the game came out?
They probably just, well, they're probably picking up the bodies.
Yeah, I hear you.
All right.
Have a great day, pal.
Hey, Walmart sucks.
So what is the deal?
You got it.
What does it really say?
He's right.
When you're on a specific mission.
Yeah.
Targeting a certain gang.
It does.
It like you ever going to grow up.
What is wrong with you, man?
Are you guys?
You know what it is with you, though?
You've got an excuse of building an excuse that's that hiracune thing.
You just see people that go to the U of M.
They never grow up.
They're going to be little children in the rest of their lives.
That's why you see all of these silly people.
Even though the dolphin games, that's one of the many reasons I stopped going.
And I really turned on that whole organization because the,
it's like anything else in South Florida.
The fans that most of them are so obnoxious.
And they got this like juvenile stop and mark mentality.
Well, you see that canes game.
No, I don't care about the canes.
I went to Michigan State.
Oh, you see the canes game in and they were in their like orange and,
you know, not even a dolphin jack.
They went like hiracune, paraphernated with dolphin game.
That's not right.
That's not kosher.
Grow up already.
Stop with that cock-a-man.
So you can't help yourself.
I mean, can you think of anybody ever?
So you name me one person that we can be proud of that ever attended
University of Miami, name me one.
So that's just alone.
Yeah.
Okay.
Gloria Stefan.
Who?
Gloria Stefan.
Right.
Tony Cigaretteau.
Steve Winwood.
Stevie Winwood.
No, wait.
Get out of here.
Stevie Winwood, my ass.
Stevie Winwood is English.
Let's see.
Yeah.
The rock.
The wrestler, the rock.
You see?
The rock is from Toronto, eh?
No, he's not.
He played a healthy.
He ain't.
No, he's not from there.
Grow up now.
What do you do?
He just came here, is that it?
Yeah.
I see.
Well, keep going.
So far you name your bunch of illiterate goofballs.
Me?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Clarence?
No, he went to Penn.
Clarence went to Penn.
Yeah.
He's an Ivy Leager.
You guys keep up doing the things that you're doing.
He'll be in the pen, alright.
Especially if Bush gets another four years.
By the local office, this is five cities.
The radius of yours is down to the queue.
I'm Judge Roy Moore.
And the next best thing to watch an ankle terrorist back, Matt Drug, is the nail rodgers
Farron Ballot, one to two hour.
Baby, why aren't you covering this old?
Oh!
Toward a place we'd know, and aim a mad-a-fellah, whose first name begins with old.
There's one thing we all understain.
Alcatel won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
We could chase him round forever, with our tanks and all our troops.
But special forces are so tired of jumping through them hooves.
You pull, you need another airplane.
So let's cut out all the nonsense, and we'll blow up Pakistan.
Absolutely.
Alcatel needs a nuclear tank.
Alright.
Why don't we stop pussyfoot, and blow up Pakistan?
Why are you talking about the almost-gotten hits yesterday?
Poverty was sure, and Pakistan, did you see that?
They hit on Obama Grande on the road that his entourage was going over.
And just seconds after they zipped on by, when Obama Grande went off, it didn't get him.
Poverty was sure.
That's really comforting to know that a company has got all of them nukes, you know, who might have them in their hands.
Now here's the fact that it says, if the guy that they're operating around is sought,
I mean, she runs the ability to grow facial hair in huge amounts in six months.
Ted Kaczynski pales in comparison to that guy.
It says it looks like a two-year-old beard to me.
Well, how long does a two-year-old's beard look?
Do you ever see a two-year-old with a beard?
I had a beard at two.
You buy that?
Looks like he had that beard with a two.
I don't think so.
Maybe it was a paste on.
I have to find out from Moe.
He's the expert in the phony body parts.
Speed was 116.
I beg your pardon?
I just sent you a good, a good, a good, a good facts on Moe.
No.
All right, you probably made it up.
See, this is what's going on now.
The beast is a little bit upset because he's, you know, kind of laying back, not getting a chance to dominate the show,
which is what he likes to do.
And so now he's sending me fake, stumped, faxes, like that awful Israeli website.
I'll let paranoia.
Oh, yeah.
It seems logical to me that you leave a guy with two AK-47s in a pistol if you're holding him captive.
And also a 700-50.
Well, you know, maybe he wanted to order a carry-out or delivery.
You know, you got to make sure he gets well fed.
We don't want to see.
And they keep showing this thing again where they keep sticking the tongue to presser in there.
And they got a, they're looking around for stuff.
But also, they were, they had a cotton slaw.
But they stuck in there too to get the DNA sample, which you don't see that part.
How many more times?
How many thousand more times do we have to see this today?
About 30, man.
Jesus Christ.
Now, what is this?
Did you hear this morning Moe at 750 say,
Jim Mandage will be on it too.
Oh, yeah, he does this every day.
This is his new deal, ripping the me and Hank.
7 for this morning.
The other day was the, uh, what the hell was it?
Trying to think.
Making comments about Hank's size.
Let me tell you something, fatso, meaning Moe.
You ain't no, you ain't no shrikin' violet yourself.
He said, Jim Mandage will be on it too.
Sandwich between the toad and the load.
He already said is that how you refer to the now and more pretend he didn't hear him or maybe he's hearing you'd battery died.
Okay, every day he's got a different, that's fine.
Okay, at least he's making some passing reference, which is more than usual.
Okay, at least he's passing something.
Now, the beast is going to spend most of this hour telling us why he hates our David-like poison.
Oh, an hour isn't enough?
Holy an hour, yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Count on 5, 60.
So he's now, see, because the audience, if they got any brains at all,
if there were any questions, which there shouldn't have been, you know, when they used to ask,
well, is this sticker, is this real?
There's nothing sticky about it, okay, other than, oh.
Everybody hates him like poison.
Everybody, not just me, not just George, not just the beast, not just, uh, who my, uh, Joe Rose,
not just the mad dog, not just the Humper, who hates him like poison.
Like absolute poison.
But everybody in the building.
So that's why the guy doesn't show up at the Christmas party or the ratings party,
because he knows he has no allies there.
For a while, there, he was sucking out of Joe and Mark.
He was trying to make them the allies, you know, and then even when Joe Rose started attacking him on the weekends,
then he started even like trying to suck up to me again.
Remember those days?
Oh, I should have known all along.
It was just stick.
Neil is a real panic. He's funny.
But it's Joe Rose's the son of a bit.
See, because he realizes there's no credibility when everybody in the building hates you like poison,
and everybody is ripping you and asking to deserve it or so.
Too late.
Too late.
Nothing you can do about it.
I think it's biggest problem.
He's got a big heart on it.
That might, for everybody.
I got to play that thing again, you know what?
I'm just, I'm so, uh...
I'm going to give you an update of what took place just now off the air,
because I think it's important to hear this.
Howard just called the radio station Howard David, who I get along with great.
I thought he called me an asshole, saying I was trying to stir it up.
My point back to Howard is don't listen.
Listen to 101.5, let me see what age group.
101.5 for Howard, maybe 102.7.
It's some easily listening love music,
so you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids instead of listening
and always calling the radio station.
He's becoming Howard, the caller, like Howard from Boca.
Howard from Boca.
It's like, you know, it's okay.
So anyway, he's listening, so I just wanted to get the message out
and don't call my show too, just for a record.
Don't call off the air, because I don't want to talk to you.
And I don't want to hear you on the private line.
Congratulations, you know, the private line number, that's great.
But don't call, because you're not coming on this show.
You've got your three hours, five to eight,
Monday through Friday, you can talk all you want,
but you're not coming on this show.
And we'll leave it at that.
All right? I got nothing against you.
You seem like a decent person.
And I know you've been getting a big hit on the radio station from everybody else,
but it's over. Me and you done.
You can kiss my rear end.
I'm listening.
Well, good for you.
106 and 560, WQAM.
So I just mentioned it in passing.
What does that have to do with the price of peanuts?
I don't know.
It's just well worth it right at the holiday time of the year when we're in good cheer,
I want to spread a little joy and love.
732 votes on the poll.
We're going to top 800. I'll guarantee you that.
Which in itself could be closer record.
What's your take on a capture?
Sodom was saying it's fine,
but where's Osama 260?
The whole invasion was bogus based on lies 229.
That's one small step for humanity and one giant political leap for George W. Bush.
122.
Fry the bastard on Channel 771.
And no matter the cost, it was well worth it.
50 6.8%. Well worth it.
WQAM.
Not there.
QAM, hello.
Not there.
560, 560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Larva's line.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir. How you doing?
Pretty good.
Well, my take on it is I'm happy.
I'm happy it's over and done with providing that it's really a Sodom.
But now we need to shine the spotlight on the Osama bin Laden character.
Sort of like a shade out there.
Just a shadow I should say.
So we need to focus on taking him out.
It's easy to say focus on it,
but the problem they had several, I don't know if you saw it yesterday,
but all that out were showed comparisons between the terrain and Iraq and the terrain.
Because they all think that Osama is either in Pakistan or Afghanistan right along the border
and the mountains there.
It's almost impossible to find somebody there, in addition to which they have to rely for intelligence
on the peasants who live there who are still living in a stone age with their meals,
their donkeys, and their asses.
Right, that's true.
And also another thing I might want to mention, and this goes back into the 80s.
Once we capture Osama bin Laden and we deal with him accordingly whether we take him to a court
or he gets shot or stoned to death.
Who knows what will decide when that happens.
But let's not forget our old Colonel Muammar Muhammad Kudafi.
We got to still deal with him.
He was one of the biggest terrorists back in the 80s before Al Qaeda and bin Laden came into effect.
So we can't say that.
No, he's not a Wonderman.
He's got the naked pictures of somebody now.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
All the more, Mar.
He's old news.
Come into QAN.
Yes, sir.
How are we going all of that?
It's going great over here.
What's going on there, like?
It's a little snow on the ground after that.
It's a little chilly.
It's actually pretty nice here today.
You'd probably be pretty happy with the weather over here.
Well, that's great.
So I woke up yesterday and the first thing I see on my TV is we captured Sadami.
Yes, sir.
And my immediate response was George Bush just kind of so free elected.
And I don't know if that's the right mentality.
I don't know how many other people share in that mentality.
I know that's not what I want.
Yeah, but I agree with you.
I think that that was the first thing that came to my mind is that they're playing the whole thing.
Just like on the anniversary of 9-11, you know, in 2002.
And they played the anniversary with like a fiddle man.
They have just played the American public like you wouldn't believe.
So that they can stay in there for fun and profit for all their buddies and big business.
That's what it's all about.
It's like what you said, half the American public really thought that Sadami said
that who said had something to do with 9-11,
which he had absolutely nothing to do with 9-11.
So you can imagine now with all the focus on him and the capture.
Now it's probably like 70% of the thing.
Oh, boy, this is really a great step in a war on terror.
Because that's what Bush keeps saying is if this has something to do with it.
Now, if the glasses have full, this is a real big opportunity for the Democratic Party.
Yeah.
To make a statement, take a stand and really show their balls.
You know what I mean?
Really show what they got and see if they can really overtake him.
Because he's going to be at the height of his...
It's higher than he's going to be until, you know, this is as good as it could have happened to Bush.
Well, don't forget though, the timing may be a little bit premature.
It's still 11 months away from the election.
A lot of crap can happen between now and next November.
This is true.
We'll see what the extreme does.
We'll see how much...
How many more feet he can put in his mouth from now, children?
Exactly.
Have a good one.
Good luck to us, pal.
Thanks.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
But as far as the Democrats, you're an air balls man.
There are a lot of smoothies out there yesterday.
The only ones with the big balls were Al Sharpton, West Clark, and Bob Graham was already dropped out.
Nice going, VDI Bob.
What a shame about Bob Graham, you know?
That number one, he's a very weak speaker, number one.
And number two, he's got a crappy heart, you know?
Oh, I think he would qualify for VP right, along with Clark or D.
That's what he's playing for is the thing.
I hope so, because he could help win the floor to help win the sound.
And we already have one person with a crappy heart.
What's wrong with that?
Maybe it's like setting a condition.
56670560, pound 560.
Are we going to make the 900 votes or not?
Let me just take a look.
We're going for a record today on the poll.
746, what do you think?
We have 49 minutes, huh?
154 and about 40 minutes?
50 minutes?
Could do it.
Could do it if everybody hops on it.
Right now it's 12 minutes after 1 at 560W.
Don't forget the dolphins are going to be pounded by the Eagles tonight.
We don't want you to feel too bad about it.
Unless the Eagles fail to show up like the Cowboys did on Thanksgiving Day.
That does happen once in a while.
That's the only thing that dolphins can hold out some hope for is that the real Eagle team.
Just, you know, what do they want?
89 and a row now since Rush opened up a big mouth?
About MacNed, remember that?
He opened up a mouth and since then they have lost the game.
You don't want to know the number?
Even a row or not an row?
He's not paying any attention to anything.
I'm sorry.
No, I didn't hear you.
I was asking how many of the Eagles have won?
It's at least eight.
Yeah, I made it nice.
Something like that.
Anyway, what the hell is this?
Oh, but a beep, but a boop.
Hey, I'm on the year doing a radio show bill.
My good buddy build on it.
Just stay.
Don't get it.
Anyway, it's that time of the year again.
Everybody's going to be buying your home for the holidays if they're not there already.
Great idea.
Especially when the holidays are all over.
You want to get your house looking back to normal again and looking like brand spank and new.
After the mess that all your company leaves, call my good friends and drive concepts.
And when you do call drive concepts,
essence and put your understand by list, which will save you an extra 15% off the already low price of the phenomenal job they do for you.
They've been around in town for well over 20 years.
I've been using them in my house for over 20 years.
And if your carpets need clean and man, there's no reason you ought to call anybody else.
Because nobody else in the world drive cleans your carpets.
The same idea is drive them in your clothing, which leaves them smelling lemony fresh looking like brand new.
And because your carpets stay cleaner longer, they last longer as well.
And believe me, it'll look like a miracle just happened on your floor.
Nobody does it better.
So if you've got a half a brain in your head, you'll call drive concepts and let them put your house back in tip top shape.
Call toll free 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071 or look them up on the web at driveconcepts.com.
We're sports radio 560-UAM.
These in MacKill introduce the Saudi Barbie.
Seems our Saudi friends were upset with the old Barbie since all blinds named Barbie are Jewish.
So the good patriots at the decal redesign their to make party Saudi friendly.
Because you know, the Saudis are our friends.
They liked us and had nothing to do with 9-11 and nothing to do with the hell.
So the caterer to our Saudi friends by sliding our tongue through their upper smiley hole meets Aleva Barbie.
She comes complete with a sand display that lets you bury her up to her neck when she fell to obey.
For major offenses, Bandar Kid will yank her head off with a jane, told the higher the realistic company.
Bandar can't sold separately.
The longer Jewish, Aleva Barbie.
Now he's a link-barbered Eden.
It was Jewish.
You can tell it's Vectel.
It's well.
117 at 560-WDQM-774 votes.
We need 126 in 43 minutes.
Can we do it?
No.
By the way, it's 8 in a row.
Eagles have won 8 in a row like I said.
So as I was saying before, if they don't show up tonight and they just, you know, it's possible.
Then the dolphins could look out.
But if the real Eagle team shows up, who the hell did they beat last week?
Eagles, they just toyed with the opposition.
They'd do it week after week.
They'd did it all around with them.
Then when it really, it's like in a horse race.
You know, when a far superior horse is in a race and they just kind of like Toyota Fieldman,
they get to the top of the stretch and step on the gas and bomb, being away they go, you know.
Like Secretary of the stretch in the Belmont.
Insurance paid clergy sex claims.
And arts diocese of Miami reports as its insurance paid $9.3 million to settle claims
of sexual misconduct by priest, lay personnel and religious brothers and sisters.
Insurance for the arts diocese of Miami paid $9.3 million.
Says the church report released over the weekend since it began insurance coverage in 1966.
The payments covered some of the arts diocese 90 abuse claims by miners through December 1.
But church officials couldn't say exactly how many.
Nor could they say how much the arts diocese paid for such coverage,
or whether it also resolved any claims from its own resources.
No parish money is used for this, including donations.
Arts diocese spokesman Mary Ross Augustus said yesterday.
One Florida lawyer who's battled a Catholic church over sexual abuse complaints for two decades
as he believes that the numbers in the report are misleading.
The attorney, Sheldon Stevens of Coco Beat, says the arts diocese, may have received abuse complaints against
38 prece since 1958, but that figure should be considered a minimum.
How many?
About third man.
Eight.
Based upon the history of the behavior of the victims, many of the abuses and I reported said Stephens,
who has brought 50 complaints against the Catholic Church in Florida, including three involving priest in the arts diocese of Miami.
The number reported by the arts diocese actually only represents a percentage of the priest who engaged in that kind of conduct.
He said the arts diocese report also said its insurance paid a total of $5.5 million to cover some of the 64 claims.
This is a matter of course, because the public is not going to be able to pay the taxes for the public.
The public is not going to pay the taxes for the public.
The public is not going to pay the taxes for the public.
The public is not going to pay the taxes for the public.
The public is not going to pay the taxes for the public.
The public is not going to pay the taxes for the public.
The public is not going to pay the taxes for the public.
The public is not going to pay the taxes for the public.
The public is not going to pay the taxes for the public.
You have crazy religions, you're not going to like this story too much, beast.
Guess who picked Palm Beach Conteist is a battleground to convert the Jews?
Who's that?
The Jews for Jesus.
Oi!
Competing Jewish outreach and Christian messianic organizations weighed separate battles over the weekend to win the followers of Judaism over.
About 250 supporters of Jews for Jesus gathered following United FAU and Bokha.
for a religious concert that began with a Hebrew prayer and the lighting of Sabbath candles.
I have one thing to say to the Jews for Jesus,
Cox a hoist.
The clapped sang in dance as they affirm their claim that one can be Jewish and believe in Jesus at the same time.
No.
I still say that's like Jews for Hitler, you know, that's kind of difficult.
To blunt their message about 75 backers of the American Jewish Committee,
heard speakers from the United Temple Bethel of Boka reject the argument that Jesus was the long promised Messiah
and affirm that when someone accepts Jesus, he or she rejects Judaism.
They called the Messianic group's tactics deceptive and inappropriate.
Palm Beach County is the setting of a theological clash that ignited December 8th when the Jews for Jesus ministry
began targeting the areas part of the Behold Your God campaign,
ended in 65 areas with 25,000 more Jews by 2006.
God again and be forth to late!
Backed by a number of area churches, as well as Messianic style congregation that share its outlook
of evangelizing Jews, Jews for Jesus founded 30 years ago,
has a budget of more than $24 million, offices around the world and a full-time paid staff in 240.
They're part of the Messianic Jewish movement made it, it's not a Jewish movement.
They're part of the Messianic Jewish movement, says the Sun Central, made of Jewish-born Christians,
who believe that Jesus fulfilled Hebrew prophecies of a Messiah, estimates of the numbers range from 75,000 to a quarter of a million.
Every Jew is precious, Leonard Greenberg, as he hasn't met Moeah, huh?
Every Jew is precious, Leonard Greenberg, president of Palm Beach County's chapter of the American Jewish Committee, said a temple by the bill.
We can't afford to lose any of our brethren.
The Jews for Jesus' blints, a blitz, has brought to the area three or four, by the way, don't you love blinces?
Oh, yeah.
The sour cream and apple sauce, so good.
No, not apple sauce.
Oh, that apple sauce?
I mixed it together.
Apple sauces were potato lockies, you would eat?
No, I would.
I would.
Would like either strawberry or a cherry or blueberry topping.
I would.
Oh.
Hmm, man.
I might get some cheese blints this for once today, I think you were going to be all excited about it.
The Jews for Jesus blitz, for his brought to the area three or four dozen of angels,
wearing t-shirts and driving vans, sporting the Jews for Jesus' logo, I've seen that, makes me sick.
They're passing out Jews for Jesus' literature in about thirty locations,
not thirty, man.
Including malls.
Also part of the operation had been direct mail, phone calls in the FAU concert with a crowd included,
software unions with a broad mix of racism religious backgrounds, some said they were born Jewish and accepted Messianic Judaism as adults,
others became Messianic Jews after marrying Christians, and some were Christians who just said, oh God, that's good.
Who felt a kinship would Jews?
Reggie Douglas, 52, a born again Christian from Baton, Lou Rouge, Louisiana,
said he was traveling around the country with Jews for Jesus.
I felt like the Jewish people needed to hear the gospel of Jesus, and I wanted to bring it to them.
He said, no thanks.
We'll take the blinces instead.
People attending the Friday celebration said they were acutely aware their beliefs threatened many Jews.
This is a two thousand year old debate said, Ira Brawer, 53, Iitz, high in the spiritual leader.
Jesus is a Jewish man.
Whether or not we believe in Him, what does that not make us Jewish?
Robbie Benson's a Jewish man, okay?
What does that have to do with the price of peanuts in Peoria?
Brewer said he was raised in the E.R. by parents who escaped Hitler's Germany in World War II, and in age 30,
after studying the Older New Testament's work came to the conclusion, Jesus had to be the Messiah.
And my comment to you, sir, would be, and you have to be crazy.
Much of the Messianic Jewish movement's logic is flawed, and dressed up in Jewish clothing said,
Scott Hillman during the Temple Bethel meeting, he's the Baltimore director of Jews for Judaism.
Ha ha ha! This is starting to sound like the life of Brian all over again.
You got the Jews for Jesus, the Jews for Judaism, the Jews for insanity.
Wow.
Hillman played a video showing how this Messianic Jews use patriotic Jewish songs in biblical verses
to twist their message to one of the suspecting Jews, especially in the atheist states the former Soviet Union.
Oh, look out for them atheists.
It's a slick marketing technique. They perfected it over 30 years, homin's sake.
But third man!
Jews for Jesus plans to continue its Palm Beach County campaign till December 23rd.
The American Jewish Committee and Hillman's organization vowed to follow with every step and counteract the messages.
So in other words, it's the Jews for Judaism against the Jews for Jesus.
That good old time religion again, man.
I'd like to be said, we'll take the cheeseblancers, thank you.
That's why I am a... a dietary Jew.
A gastronomical Jew.
All I care about is the food.
I like bagels.
I can't eat bagels. I make me say I use, all I've used.
Who now needs bagels?
I'm talking about potato pancakes. I'm talking about kishki. I'm talking about cheeseblancers.
Crap lock.
Crap lock is very...
Homontosh in the Purim time, entering nothing like good homontosh.
You should see the look on Josh's face, right?
He doesn't have any idea what we're talking about.
Good word. See us Jews, we're talking code, Josh.
To keep going like you in the dark. We're talking code.
700... that's right.
We use terms that you don't understand, so you're kind of like left out in the code.
Like, Simus.
Then, a carrot Simus? I don't like that, to be honest with you. You like carrot Simus?
It's okay.
Fae.
As they say in Peoria.
Fae.
We're on the verge of 800 votes.
788.
We got a shot at 900. Like Jimmy Johnson would say.
We got a shot.
Just like that offense, have against the Eagles tonight.
We got a shot.
Boy, isn't it just great to see the way the papiates are just steamrolling through the league this year?
It's such a beautiful thing.
And watching that thing yesterday.
In fact, you do realize if Orange were like a couple of drop balls,
that it would have been just a total route.
I mean, it was really 27-6 and they got a late touch on 27-13.
But it would have been a little bit naked to score like 45 points in the snowing on the whole deal.
But there were some drop balls.
Let me let me a little advice for all you papiates running backs.
Because it was, what was the running backs name to keep dropping a ball?
See, are you aware of that was a game played?
You are about as useless today as teats on our frog, man.
But anyway, and also one of the right receivers dropped a couple.
But when you got your hands on one of Tommy Brady's balls, man, you don't drop it.
Do you know what I'm saying?
It was either Antoine Smith or Kevin Fall.
It was neither one of them.
My cloud?
Oh, Larry Center dropped the ball, man.
There is the one.
Larry Center's kept dropping the balls, man.
Let me say it again.
When Tommy Brady sticked that ball in your hand, he held it tight, squeezed it.
One of the best kept dining secrets in South Florida is in Coral Springs.
And of course, it's the Gold Coast Seafood Grill.
They just celebrated their one year anniversary and got three and a half stars
from the prestigious Sun Sentinel Showtime dining review.
The Gold Coast Seafood Grill's got fantastic specialties that'll just turn on your taste buds like mango plum salmon, almond-crusted mahi mahi, orange honey glazed sea bass,
and the crab and shrimp-stuffed trout.
There's a great power atmosphere to you.
Enjoy with extensive wine and martinulus.
Big fat gigantic martinis at the Gold Coast Seafood Grill during happy hour, only five and a half bucks every day, seven days a week between four and seven in the PM.
The Gold Coast Seafood Grill is in Coral Springs, 2752 North University Drive inside the beautiful walk shopping center.
For more information and reservations call 954-255-FISH.
As in, squish the fish.
You can dine inside or outside, large parties and private functions welcome to.
Experience the best kept secret in lunch and dinner dining.
The Gold Coast Seafood Grill in Coral Springs at 2752 North University Drive inside the prestigious walk shopping center.
The Gold Coast Seafood Grill, our budgeted Greg Reads life on it.
You always find great seafood at unbeatable prices too.
You might have lost.
This is sports when you're by city.
You way, yeah.
Stop it, man.
Jesus Christ for extra strength, Dex Hendrick.
When you're getting crucified, the last thing you need is headache.
There's so much pressure hanging around with the whole world's sins weighing on your shoulders.
And some fucking gladiator sticks a spear in your thigh.
Yeah!
Jesus Christ that hurts.
So in this thorny crown feels like a vice around my head.
That's when I reach for Dex Hendrick.
Well, I, I don't reach for it.
Hey!
Everybody got any Dex Hendrick?
Hey, Jonas! Could you throw a couple light on my mouth?
Come on! I'm the savior for Christ's sake!
Extra strength, Dex Hendrick.
Because the headache is a heavy cross to bear.
132-560-800-1 votes on a pool.
How do you like that?
You got a shot. I'm telling you.
At 900, you think in a half an hour? Can we do it?
Sure.
I got, while you're voting on the pool, I got a great article that I just printed out.
William Rivers Pitt, one of my favorite New York Times best sounding author with two books,
War on Iraq and the Greatest Edition of Silence.
His book, Our Flag 2, The Paradox of Patriotism, will be available in August.
Anyway, this is what he writes.
He says it's not over.
Sodom Hussein, former employee of the American Federal Government,
was captured near a farmhouse in Tekrit in a raid performed by other employees of the American Federal Government.
That sounds pretty deranged, right? Perhaps, but it's also accurate.
Unifying thread binding together, everyone assembled at that Tekrit Farmhouse,
is the simple fact that all of them, the soldiers as well as Hussein,
have received pay from the U.S. for services rendered.
It is no small irony that Hussein, the butcher of Baghdad,
the monster under your bed at these last 12 years,
was paid probably 10,000 times more during his time as an American employee
than the soldiers who caught him on Saturday night.
The boys in the Reagan White House were generous with your tax dollars
and Hussein was a recipient of their largest for the better part of a decade.
If this were a Tom Clancy movie, we'd be watching the dramatic capture
Hussein somewhere in the last ten minutes of the tale.
The bedragled dictator, we'd put on public trial for his crimes,
sentenced to several thousand concurred life sentences, and dragged off the prison in chains.
The anti-American insurgents in Iraq, seeing the sudden futility of their flight,
the fight to pay a place Hussein back into power,
would lay down their arms and melt back into the countryside.
For a dramatic effect, more than a few would be cornered by seal teams
in black face pain and discreetly shot on the back of the head.
The president would speak with eloquences the Marshall score swelled around him,
paid to black rule credits get off my plane.
The real world version, certainly not lacking in drama,
the streets of Baghdad were thronged on Sunday with moms who were Iraqi people
celebrating the final removal of a despot,
who had haunted their lives since 1979.
Their joy was utterly unfettered, images on CNN and Hussein looking for all the world
like a Muslim version of Charles Manson,
while getting checked or headlaced by an American medic,
was as surreal as anything one might ever see on a television.
Unfortunately, the real world script has a lot of pages left to be turned.
Former UN weapons inspectors Scott Ritter reached to this home on Sunday,
said, it's great that they caught him.
The man was a brutal dictator who committed terrible crimes against his people,
but now we come to the rest of the story.
We didn't go to war to capture Saddam Hussein,
who went to war to give rid of weapons of mass destruction.
Those weapons have not been found.
Ray McGovern, senior analyst and 27-year veteran of the CIA,
echoed Ritter's perspective yesterday,
it's wonderful that he was captured because now we'll find out
where the weapons of mass destruction said our McGovern said,
with tongue firmly planted in cheek, we killed his sons before they could tell us.
Indeed, reality intrudes.
The push for war before March was based on Hussein's possession
of 26,000 liters of anthrax,
38,000 liters of botulinum toxin,
1 million pounds of seren gas, mustard gas, and VX nerve gas,
along with 30,000 emissions to deliver these agents,
and uranium for aniger to be used in nuclear bombs.
And let us not forget the Al-Qaeda terrorist closely associated with Hussein,
who would take this stuff and use it against the main streets and backroads of the United States.
When they found Hussein hiding in that dirt hole in the ground,
none of this stuff was down there with him.
The full force of the American military has been likewise unable to locate it anywhere else.
There's no evidence of Al-Qaeda agents working with Hussein,
and Bush was forced some weeks ago to publicly acknowledge that Hussein had nothing to do with 9-11.
The Nigerian uranium store was the monk-lice summer.
Conventional wisdom now holds that none of this stuff was there to begin with,
and all the clear statements from virtually every one of the Bush administration
squatting on the public record, describing the existence of this stuff,
now looks like what it was then.
A lot of overblown rhetoric and outright lies,
designed to terrify the American people in the supporting an unnecessary Goethe-Lon war.
Said war made a few Bush cronies rich beyond the dreams of Everest,
while allowing some hawks in the Defense Department to play at empire building,
something they've been creating for more than 10 years.
Of course, the rhetoric mutated as the weapons stubbornly refused to be found.
By the time Bush did his little mission accomplished right across the aircraft carrier,
the occupation was about the removal of the Sodom Hussein and the liberation of Iraqi people.
No longer were we informed on a daily basis of the sinister nexus between Hussein and Al-Qaeda
as described by Colin Powell before the UN in February.
No longer were we fed the insinuations that Hussein was involving the tax in 9-11,
certainly, any in all mentions of weapons of mass destruction ceased completely.
We were instead embarking on some noble democratic experiment.
The capture of Sodom Hussein and the Iraqi's dancing in the streets of Baghdad
feeds nicely into these newly minted explanations.
Mr. Bush and his people will use this as the propaganda coup it is and a great effect.
But a poet once said something about tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow.
We are not fighting for Sodom said in the Iraqi name Kashmir Ahmed Saleh in the New York Times report a week ago.
We are fighting for freedom and because the Americans are Jews.
The governing council is a bunch of looters and criminals and mercenaries.
We cannot expect that the stability in this country will ever come from them.
The principle is based on religion and tribal royalties continued Saleh.
The religious principle is that we cannot accept the live with the infidels.
The prophet Muhammad peace be on him said,
hit the infidels wherever you find them.
We also write tribal people. We can't allow strangers to rule over us.
Welcome to the new Iraq.
The theme that the 455 Americans killed there and the thousands of others have been wounded
felt that the hand of the pro-Hussein loyalist is now gone.
The Bush administration celebrations over this capture will appear quite silly and premature when the dying continues.
Whatever Hussein bitter renders there are will be joined by Iraqi nationalist
who will now see no good reason for mercenaries to remain.
After all the new rhetoric highlighted the removal of Hussein as the reason for this invasion
and that task has been completed.
Yet American forces are not leaving and will not leave.
The killing of our troops will continue because of people like Kasheed, Ahmed Saleh.
All Hussein's captured it for Saleh was removed from the table the idea
that he was fighting for the dictator. He is free now and the war will begin in earnest.
The dying will continue because America's presence in Iraq is a wonderful opportunity
for a man named Osama bin Laden who was not captured on Saturday.
Bin Laden has been reported as thrilled by what's happening in Iraq
and plans to throw as much violence as he can muster at American forces there.
The Bush administration spent hundreds of billions of dollars on this Iraq invasion,
not one dime of which went toward the capture of death of the fellow who brought down the towers a couple of years ago.
For bin Laden and his devotees, Iraq is better than Disneyland.
For all the pomp and circumstance that surrounded the extraction of the former Iraqi dictator from a hole on the ground,
the reality is that the United States is not one bit safer now than the man is in chains.
There will be no trial for Hussein, at least nothing in public,
because he might start shouting about the backpays owed from his days as an employee of the American government.
Because another former employee, the American government named Osama, is still alive and free,
our troops are still in mortal danger in Iraq.
Hussein was never threatened in the United States.
His capture means nothing to the safety and security of the American people.
The money we spent to put the bag on him might have gone toward capturing bin Laden who is a threat,
but that didn't happen.
We can be happy for the people of Iraq because they're Hussein problems over.
Here in America, our Hussein problem is just beginning.
The other problem that Osama fellow we should have been trying to capture this whole time
remains person over our door like the raven.
Another great column is William Rivers Pit.
I was speaking of pits.
That's a bad segue.
One more Florida woman killed by pit bulls.
You see that story?
No.
Is he eating, Josh?
Is he shoveling you are?
I'm not eating.
Yeah, you are.
I have not.
The only thing I had all day was a great delicious shake.
You were eating cheese blenses with the apple sauce.
You know, if Quadad does raise them over, I would.
And to be corkies will bring us some cheese blenses.
They'll bring us some potato pancakes and brisket tomorrow.
Seven, this is in citro, Florida.
You ever hear a citro? It's 80 miles northwest of Orlando.
No, I think.
North of O'Callus.
Seven pit bulls escaped from their owners home in Walden 82 year old David to death Friday.
Alice groomed that among regional medical center in O'Callor.
Room was found by the dog's owner, Robert Freeman 67.
He said the dogs were attacking the woman and he arrived.
It's speculated the attack got on for at least 10 minutes.
Lovely.
The dogs were seized by the animal, county animal control officials.
Freeman was not immediately charged with a crime city tool.
County officers destroyed the dog.
How you like that?
At least he didn't push he foot around, destroyed the dogs.
Kill him, leave me alone, but destroy the dogs.
See, I don't know.
There's something about people with pit bulls.
I think people with pit bulls also shop at WalMart.
Fly in local.
Here's sports video 560.
You ain't.
You am.
And now it's time for another edition of Professor Moe.
Ah, hi, I'm Boris and girls.
Welcome back to another electrifying notification.
Today, we're going to learn about the Roma therapy.
Now, if myelus straight is assistant will give me a hand.
Ah, I see.
I'm under there.
What?
You said you're here.
If I asked to go press, I'd get out of there.
I know what you're doing.
I know who's behind us.
Straight in people.
Straight in people.
What are you talking about?
Never mind that now.
I've got to demonstrate the infectious of a Roma-nett therapy for that.
All right.
Okay.
Now, here, smell my finger.
I love and smell my finger.
Okay.
Now, you'll live this boys and girls.
That you're down to.
You'll smell my fingers.
And do it again.
And right there, it's smell my finger.
No, no.
That's all the boys and girls out there.
They have good smells like pizza.
It smells like dough, too.
And you'll keep it right there until it's not smell like pizza.
Why does it smell like...
I don't mind my ass all morning, but that should matter.
I have cold pizza for breakfast.
I will feed your dominant man's.
And when the past happens,
if I have to keep doing this.
Listen, you want to smell my feet and stand it?
No.
That's a good slay.
Smell my finger.
You have a smell of real woman.
Yeah.
Yeah, but not like the ones back in my day.
Back to the roads under rain.
Fire is running up there.
Right to the armpits.
What are you dead?
146, 14, 02, 05, 60, WDQ.
We're not going to make our 900.
I don't think 833.
833 votes on a pool.
So shot.
Huh?
That's still a pretty good number, though.
We got a shot.
No, when it gets to be two o'clock,
I'd like to see that rule right over to 900.
So I can say...
We did it!
Yeah.
We did it!
Why not?
Hey, we got it.
Hop on it, baby.
What's your take on the capture of Sodom who's saying?
There he is again.
How many times we've seen that this last half hour on CNN?
About third, man.
Oh, this teddybutts wanted on in the candle.
Hey, teddy, blow out your ass.
Although I will play the bombsong.
In honor of the beast being heard.
But, you know, I'm not coming to candle.
I lived in candle for five years, Teddy.
That was enough.
It was because of people like you that I moved on.
That guy's got a George Rodriguez blow up, though.
Do you know what, Teddy in candle?
I lived in candle for a while.
I moved out, too.
Right, even the beast got that a lot of there.
Oh, man, the traffic.
Nobody speaks English, no more, all that stuff.
Now you're going to be depressed when you hear this.
Pull, capture, boost Americans confidence.
Yeah.
Capture of Saddam Hussein boosted confidence among Americans, pulled yesterday.
Most of whom agreed the Iraqi war was worth fighting in the search for weapons of mass destruction
would be successful.
Right.
The respondent's ass in the comfort.
The respondent's also were confident that Iraq would establish a stable government
that the U.S. would find al-Qaeda, terror leader, Osama Yamama Bin Laden.
Of those pulled, 62% agreed it was worth going to war.
The previous high was 63% on August 25th and 6th.
More than half of those pulled 54% said they were very confident or some of confident that the elusive chemical and biological weapons would be found.
The allegation that Saddam's regime was harboring such unconventional weapons as it goes on.
Let's see, the level of confidence was the highest since March 29th and 30th, 84% about 10 days after the start of the war.
The pull by CNN, 664 idiots older than 18.
And I want to tell you the kind of stuff that CNN does to show how they word their pull.
The pull they were taking yesterday on their website.
Will the capture of Saddam Hussein help bring stability to Iraq? Yes or no?
I mean, that's like saying, which is better? Good or bad? Good or evil?
You know? What a stupid act.
And it came out like 63 to 37% yes.
But I mean, what kind of a rigged pull is that?
Is this better than it was before? Yeah, but no buts.
68% of respondents said they were very or some of confident that bin Laden would be a captured.
Other responses were to make a heave again.
67% were very or somewhat confident that Iraq would become a democracy.
Some of fewer than the 75% in late March.
60% were very or somewhat confident the attacks by insurgents in Iraq would be stopped based on what I have no idea.
And 45% said they were planning to vote to be like Bush next year, even before the capture,
while 43% they had to plan to vote for them and still won't.
Oh, well, that's good news.
So in other words, as of yesterday, maybe it didn't sink in yet or maybe it's not going to sink in.
45% said they were definitely planning to vote for Bush next year,
43% said they weren't going to vote for them before and they still won't.
To which we say, all right.
And over a well-mean majority, 82% believed Sodom's capture was a major achievement.
48% of those pulled believe that Sodom should be tried international court versus an Iraqi or US military court in Iraq.
What a bunch of assholes it's seen and no one on one of the American public is mostly,
remember them like that.
Just like that.
Go forget Mark Eisenberg is out at the summer to two o'clock.
Sorry Mark, where was he?
The Berkshire center, the west side of the Sears parking lot.
How much easier?
And bring your toys, your toys for Joe and Mark's annual toy drive for Christmas and Chanooka.
You think it's probably a little bit too late?
And if you talk real nice to Mark, maybe you can induct an EU and give you an adjuice for Jesus in Boka.
Maybe you can hook you up with the right people.
Anyway, here's the poll so far.
What's your take on the capture of Sodom who's saying, what do we got?
843.
I don't think we're going to make it.
We got 10 minutes for 57 votes.
That's almost impossible, isn't it?
846.
54 votes in 10 minutes.
What do you think?
No.
Duffel.
What's your take on the capture of Sodom?
It's 5% but where's Osama?
290.
The whole invasion was bogus based on lies, 272.
That's one small step for humanity and one giant political leap for George W. Bush.
148.
Fry the bastard on Channel 782.
And no matter the cost, it was well worth it.
54.
I'm mine and lo, this is 4305 City.
You ain't way this way, yeah.
This one, to let all your people know how a stunner's feel.
You know, real high.
What if you ask the brownies?
Look at that hot dog, glorious, and the ancient idol is curious.
So I asked them all for some candy, but the folks who were known to us.
Then my friends can love the pot every day, even now we just can't stop one day.
We even took up the cup, talking to big fat hooka, say I plant my seeds.
For my weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed, weed
They will be that bomb the bomb bomb bomb I love it when I smoke the bomb Just like she can chew, yeah, yeah
That bomb the bomb bomb bomb Look at that hot so glorious, that the age of nine I was curious So I asked my mom for some cannabis She just smoked people who were on the bus
My friends in love the park Every day you're living out, just can't stop one day We even took up for the cops
Mocking a big Thai hoogah, say I sweat my seeds Seeds Seeds Seeds Vomombee weed weed shit We're free free free
Gonna roll it again say I'll sweat my seeds Seeds Seeds Vomombee weed weed weed weed for my bomb Let me smoke that bomb
Yeah
They need any, that bomb bomb bomb bomb.
A little one has put the bomb, just like she can show.
Yeah, yeah, that bomb bomb bomb bomb.
Take the name, get your passer right over here.
Oh yeah.
157 and 560, everybody come on.
We've disappointed, we can't say we did it, we done it, we got it.
878, then we just stopped, we were rolling along.
I thought we might actually have like an outside shot.
For 900 votes on a point, though, we just stopped at 878.
I got to that.
84.
Oh, you got 84?
Yeah.
Well, let's see, we got three minutes, 16, that's a little over five a minute.
You got 884.
Yeah.
Well, you're, you're ahead of me.
How did that happen?
Must be the great internet in this building.
That must be it.
84, just like you said, only moments ago.
Okay, well, we got 16 and two minutes and 40 seconds to get to 900.
Because I want to say, we did it.
I want to be able to say that, but I probably won't.
And I won't say it unless we did.
Anyway, in the meantime, don't forget, you got some bigger purses.
Mark Eisenberg's got another two and a half minutes out at the, in Bokat, the town mod.
You want to zip right out there and see him with your toys.
Now, it would have been nice, but Miguel screwed up again.
And that's probably because he said there were a lot of pressure.
He doesn't want to get suspended like you know who.
And tomorrow, we're going to have a van hit with our best of the emergency.
Now, this ought to be big tomorrow.
Okay, so let's pick a good location.
Put your, I think you put your skull cap on.
And think about someplace real good.
We'll decide in the morning.
Kendall.
No.
Now, George was just down in Kendall.
Let's, let's, like, somewhere where we might have some people is speaking this,
where we have an audience.
We'll think about it tomorrow early.
And then we'll send a van out from 11 to 2.
And the reason I say it's good is because you got Chanooka coming up real quick.
We're only like 10 days away from Christmas day.
So everybody wants to give a really neat or great gift idea, best meal CD.
Or maybe one of those really nifty collector's items.
More Howard David of Keychain, which will be really worth a lot of money after he gets candid a few weeks.
So you want one of those.
Let's take a look. Are you refreshing or 89?
889.
889. We got 11 to go. We got two and a half minutes for 11 votes.
That should be a piece of cake.
Huh?
To set the record, 900.
We've never, even during alien.
We never, and look at that.
I'm trying to refresh it and it won't be because it means there's a lot of people on their voting.
Come on.
You can do it.
Take a look at it.
Take a peek at it.
Is yours a refreshing?
No, it won't do it either.
No, that's because it's all loaded up.
896.
896.
We only need four more, baby.
Four more.
How come yours didn't mind won't?
How come my won't actually mind just like stuck.
It's in limbo.
It's in limbaugh.
How much yours?
I'm refreshing.
And you are mild.
Like I've re-soap.
That's what Claret says.
He said that piece, man.
He's refreshing.
And he is mild, man.
Like Clark Kent.
We got it.
It's still refreshing.
Mine won't come back.
Well, what was the last one that you had?
I ate 896.
Oh, I ate 96.
When you know it away, that this thing is loaded up.
That everybody is jamming on.
It's not a safe over 900 because it won't load.
Really on load?
And that's what Claret says.
You have trouble reloading.
Oh, mate this day on the near Roger Show, ladies and gentlemen,
despite of all the problems at this radio station,
spite of the inept management, all these other things,
I think we can safely say,
we did it!
Bye, bye, bye!
The Roger Show, non-climaxing, is on the U.K.M.
by an E4-letter.
I don't have a penis.
I've never had one.
I swear.
Absolutely.
