Good morning Neil. I hate screamers
Readers. Yeah, we're a good one to talk bees. Yeah, you know why you're we don't know why you're always sick you and your
friend oh gosh, he said to me today was in there this morning. He said man. He's getting a really a source bar
He's always sick too for some of our equipment works today. I'm surprised I did a show
Anything you know they should get you me a studio at D.F. Chang's in Bokka
Absolutely, and let me let me let me tell you this
Well, I would say I told you this morning before the show and that is if you like our sales department
Wait till you really get in the middle of your with our engineering department. Oh my god
Oh my god. We got fix it. We got fix it. Who's a great guy? He's in there picking his ass right now. Who fix it? Oh, yeah, well he's fixing it
He's adjusting it and fixing it
He's adjusting his roids and you notice how much better the sound of the station is every time he picks one out
Dude, you know I did I did a remote from the Bahamas on Friday and I swear to you that we couldn't get the comments to work
Because the dildos here
I know you know your stuff Florida Alzheimer's is kicking that already, but don't I was there on Friday. Don't you recall?
Oh, that's right, but did you know the first did you know the first like hour that these Nimrods here
They forgot they were carrying a Marlins canes and dolphins on the same night
And everybody went home to bed and forgot to put the switches back on and they couldn't get me on the air here from this end
The Nimrods you are engineers out having coffee. Yeah, yeah
And I did a show from a cell phone and it sounded better than a comrx
It's not a better than the show that precedes you, but that goes without saying but anyway, so I get here Saturday
I get a little bit of that too. I get no, I don't I get her started afternoon and I see that the damn
The signal from here as always everything here works fine because there's nobody here to dick around with it
You know, but I see the signal from there is not coming in so Sunday
I know it's a holiday weekend
So I called parents to give him plenty of time
He was really pissed because he said the beast was just ready to pull out and
That was that's exactly what he said
I like today 20 seconds later
I can't hear the words exactly what he said but then he writes so I give him two days notice and I come and
Get up this morning and Georgia's frantic are you there? Can you hear me and we go through an hour and a half a bull crap again
Thanks to fix it by the way for fixing it because
Of course, those are more parents today to me has no hot water and he hasn't showered since Thursday
Oh my god
Can you imagine the stuff that's rotting inside of him right?
He's gone Puerto Rican on a spruge up in here. Have you ever noticed that he and a beast are staring to have the same aroma?
I call him how
How I chose this same musky aroma oh
Hey, I gotta go to bed and I'm not safe in my vehicle
If you I want to ask you a question before you go what have you ever walked into a public restroom like in a restaurant
Wherever and the guy who is sitting there before you
Didn't flush. Oh my god. I went into a header this weekend
I was at a
Bohenian buffet. I go into the I go into the restroom near the swimming pool
You know just go to the bathroom real quick and I
Smelled the foulest table ever in my life. There were women that we need to go in the women's room because the men's room was kicking
Smoke out of it and there were kids like five ten yards away from the restroom facility having like I
Swear to people who haven't been in jidest there was diarrhea people who get it
Now when you when you see it when you actually
Walk it and see it don't you feel compelled to like flush and make it go away
I have a new I have a new fetish. It's gonna be my new past time. I'm gonna go ride all public restrooms in town
And if I find any logs floating I'm gonna make sure if I have to flush 20 times because I just feel better
First you know my life this morning. I went into the third floor header here the dumb smelly hole after skippy leaves his toilet
Don't I swear to god I went to your after fat boys in here. It's on the wall. I went in there this morning
There was three laws. We always said it the unsung written on the walls. Yeah, there was cable in the toilet
His bad boys case. It's called shmitten. Hey my my favorite sport by the way
I went down yesterday rip tied brownings on South Beach. I love that have a great the great flood. Thanks a lot, Neil
See
Yes
Will you touch back in the land?
We get one of a bread and one TV
Life was planned and we were born
That's why we all signed up to sell the sea
Did no go ball anymore
Oh
Sub marine
Less
Dish
the
Russian submarine as we lie
We be the male
With big amortas
And decay
Here's a motherland and slave
We all died in the Russians of Marines
Russian submarines
All right!
Russian submarines
That's stupid
We all died in the Russians of Marines
Russian submarines
Russian submarines
Russian submarines
We are losing power, Comrade!
We are losing power!
And yet, we are losing power!
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
I...
Got it!
Got to run...
Run...
any problem...!
we want space and space!
The Russian submarine
Passives...
Just like the Russian submarine
Rus-WWerchim�
Rus-Werchim�
adic Finnishiemand
Rus-Werchim flour
What a submarine
10 out of 6 at 560 WQM happy Tuesday to it. This is it. We just drew the line of the sand as of this moment, right? Okay.
I mean, not as of this moment, but I guess it's of early this morning when the moment was on.
That was really bad. I didn't get a chance to hear him this morning.
The line problem you had down there. I'll send you tape.
Lots of problems down there down there, which leads me to our poll today, which we'll get to momentarily.
Neverland's okay. Smirro wonder for medical use will also get to that.
First, I want to rip rich packed urinase. What is wrong with that man?
Is he just some kind of a suck hole or what? What a faunting piece about misfudge in the
hero this morning. Linking new sites, Matt Rudd creates an internet success.
That's success by Richard Pacter. First of all, what else he got to do with the
hero? Does he, is he like a stringer? Yeah. He is, I guess.
All the same. See, the hero doesn't really have any reporters anymore.
Remember that piece by Jim DeFeedy that they about how this used to be many, many years ago, a great paper,
but we can't afford it anymore when the cost of this and the cost of that and all the cutbacks.
So now we really suck, but we're doing the best we can. Remember that?
So they don't we have many full time people work at the hero, which is one of the reasons you have
two crap excuses for a newspaper. By the way, Tom Jicca, I'm in Toronto, so I'm out of touch again.
Even though you haven't written a column. If you look on the website for the Sun Sentinel,
there isn't one column for the month of August. He skipped a month. He just took it off.
Because I guess he was worn out from his tough month of July out on the West Coast,
getting wind and dine and schmoosed by the TV producers of the new fall shows.
So August, he just vanished. There's not one column for Jicca in the entire month of August.
But I'm the one that's out of touch.
Rich Pacti. I hope he facts as you know and tries to defend himself.
What a falling piece of crap about Miss Fudge. Speaking of Miss Fudge,
all we can do is she's been friendically reporting this on her website and yes,
I do check the website. They occasionally find something interesting I'm using.
Get rid of that stupid hat, Matt. Okay. And by the way, the picture,
it looked like a real food cake. You look natural. What a pansy man.
Bodybuilder wore former Mr. Universe on loads on R.O.L. ABC holds interview exclusive on the Fudge Report.
Former Mr. Universe Rick Wayne was besieged with Media Request Monday after the Dredge Report
first revealed how the star bodybuilder has given ABC News an on-camera interview detailing
controversial comments allegedly made by R.O.L. comments ABC News executives found too hot for air.
Ready for that? Yeah. Why does he get a free pass that moron? Huh? That Nazi bastard?
Why does he get a free pass? Huh? Huh? They had a committee meeting, I guess.
Wayne, who is black, told ABC News that Schwarzenegger made the comments regarding South America's
former apartheid system. If you gave these blacks a country to run, they would run it down the
two of Schwarzenegger allegedly said. Wayne, who once planned to write a book by a reference
Schwarzenegger, the project was dropped after Schwarzenegger told him he would time up in court,
is now a news publisher in St. Lucia. What is it? St. Lucia, Santa Lucia. He traveled to California
for the interview sources close to Wayne, explained he was completely forthcoming, one well-placed
insider tells Dredge. He laid it all on the line, talked candidly about his time with Arnold,
and what he feels is Arnold's insensitivity on racial issues. Maybe he's kind to Charlton Heston.
Maybe? The interview conducted in late August has ignited a heated debate with in ABC News.
We still have plans to air it, one ABC source claimed late yesterday from New York,
but no date has been set. One ABC executive, who demanded anonymity, said that
the network was waiting for an opportunity to confront Schwarzenegger with Wayne's interview
in a live setting. Meanwhile, Wayne decided to be considering other TV offers, and then it says,
developing, that we need the beast, that crap, stop doing it, by the way, beast, you're killing
poor Ferelle. Why does he put him on there? No, see, what the beast is a charity case, we feel sorry
for him. Isn't that really what I mean, we don't dislike him or anything, but we just feel sorry
for him. Okay, don't we? Don't you seriously don't know when you got money, when you look at him,
don't you think in the back of your mind, or maybe even the front of your mind,
geez, I feel sorry for that little fat piece of crap. I don't feel sorry for anyone with rich
parents. What does that mean? I got no sense. I don't know how rich your parents are when you're
in a goddamn huge piano case when you're in a fine box. Who's faulting that? It doesn't do you
know good. Well, that's what I'm saying. So I'm sorry. Why should we feel sorry for him?
Is that what problems of their own that would I just say? No, I just feel sorry for him. Okay,
here's George's poem yesterday, and by the way, George deserves tremendous credit, not for too much,
but especially came in yesterday on a holiday on Labor Day. Why did we do that to avoid you people
out there? The punishment here in those awful best and eel tapes, that was the only alternative we
had. I mean, Claret said he could have also played the audio tapes to the sound effects of him
twisting with the beast, but we're not ready for that. Quite yet. After we get the license,
we knew them will play that. But that was the only choice. And I'm sure that probably a lot of
people out there will call to, wow, we never heard this, the tapes of the beast in Claret's story,
you know, I spoke as little as possible. Trust me. Do you will be able to in out in out, but the
George was on their 604 votes. That's not bad for Labor Day. Okay, George asked the American media is
stupid, 201. I like that. Although I voted for evil. You're evil. 149. In saying 105, whatever,
the, I see I don't understand this choice, whatever they tell you they are. In other words,
the media is always telling you your own opinion. That's a little joke there. I see. Okay, 63 for that,
they're okay, 58. Okay, right. I don't know 23 and five said they're great. And I wonder what
those assholes work at. I wonder which TV station those shmoes work at. Probably that the schilkeys
in the rave hooded on there. So anyway, Mr. Rudge says, Arnold's going to have it wasn't bad enough
that we, we interview that they rekindled again about all of his exploits, his sexual stuff.
That wasn't bad enough. But now comes these erasers. He has no chance. He has two chances none
and much less than one. Wouldn't you agree? He didn't have no jumping. What about the pumping in
California? He's going to be governor of California. Well, what are you about to buy? You're going
to reduce that big budget of it? Well, we haven't gotten to that yet, but I'm going to be governor
of California and provide great leadership in California. They'll pump it down. He's going to pump
it up from Sacramento. I mean, it's, it's really if you think about it seriously, you will kill yourself.
There's no question about that. So please don't do it. If you really sit down and think yourself,
this, this is really happening and there are people who are really supporting him and taking him
seriously at that point, you must blow your brains out. 10, 13 at 5, 60 WQM. So like I said,
we draw the line. We're off to the races now. No more that summer dilly dallying around.
Labor Day is coming. Gone right? Yeah, a whole bunch of people are back in town now after
a summer screwing around. That's about it. Hey, need to set your home fast. Fast cash home buyers,
buyers houses fast, hassle free. Fast cash home buyers, buyers houses in any condition,
any location for any reason. You need to set your house fast. Does your house maybe need a new
roof flooring or any other repairs? Well, don't throw money down the toilet on cross-leaf repairs.
Stop and call rod today at 1-866-785 fast for a no obligation to hassle free offer.
If fast cash home buyers to help you solve your house problems, you have a vacant house.
If you're telling dealing with a problem tenant, maybe you're going through a nasty smelly,
rotten divorce called fast cash home buyers. Maybe you're one, two or three payments behind or
inherited a property you just don't want. Call fast cash home buyers because they can get you out of
your pickle. Call rod today at 1-866-785 fast and let fast cash home buyers give you peace of mind.
Fast cash home buyers will buy your house today and another good part of this deal is you won't
have to pay a single penny in real estate commissions either. So call rod at 1-866-785 fast,
FAST for a hassle free offer and let our friends and fast cash home buyers solve those house
problems once and for all. 1-866-785 FAST.
9-9 and local. This is 430560.
We weigh 2 a.m.
How young is 2 young?
It's the terminator. Now open up before I hoff and puff and blow your house up.
Hello. Can I help you?
I want you to vote for me in the next election to the governor.
Well I'm not a registered voter. I'm too worried that once I get on that list they'll call me
infiguity and all that other stuff. If I'm elected I'll give you a chicken in every pot
and the buck stops here. Mr. Gorbachev, tell down that wall. It's been 9-9. I am not a crook.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. No new taxes.
I'm not really interested. Thanks anyway. Then you must die.
Join us next time for more of California,
combinatorial candidate Arnold Schwarzenegger on the campaign trail.
No, that's California. 1017-560-WQ-A-M. So now this we got like a tinkling contest going on
between George and Miguel. We got a spit fight. Yeah. I hate him. Do you really?
All of a sudden. Anyway, today they're going to be out there though with the,
you've asked me this big whole sheet full of crap mostly cat fight.
That's just if I took that part of it off it wouldn't be anyway.
So we raised 140 bucks for our best and eel stuff for our band of pepper stew over the weekend.
That's really something. No, he just called and apologized for forgetting to add the solid gold
total in there because he doesn't remember what it was but it was over 100. Yeah.
There wasn't a pretty dollar three figure weekend. It was like 160.
So, the total you gave me is that include the 140?
Yeah, no. No, the total that I gave you. So that's 18,360 is what I'm looking at so far.
And I'm going to like probably like maybe a 100.
Skat fighting all the infighting by two hostile spicks. I don't need to see that.
Anyway, today though the vandal beyond as we uh and there might be a few people back in town now
after their busman's holiday and trust me getting calls today it'd be almost impossible
except for the retire guy WQA. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Uh, Neil? Yes.
Hi, I'm Neil. Okay. Have you seen a welcome back to Toronto? Thank you.
Did I see you? Have I seen it? I seen it. I am sure you have. Oh, believe me.
Have you, um, have anybody fact to the article of Matt Rudge in the help?
Then I just started. I just came. I'm talked about that by Rich Pacti.
Aren't you embarrassed for Rich Pacti that he wrote such a ass-sucking column?
Definitely. Discussing of a grace. And this man considers himself a urinalist or something.
All he is is a but sucker. I'm going to read it eventually pal. Have a wonderful day.
See, that's good. He just tuned in. He probably doesn't do a Howard Spurm or something.
He better not be. He better be listening to Scott. Come on, Scott.
You know, we got to do that pull one day this week. Now that Scott's been on for a while.
There actually somebody knows he's on and he's kicking ass in spite of Moe.
We got to do that pull. Like what do you know? I don't know how we exactly.
I'm saying that one. Huh? What's your tale? No, no, no, no, not that about what people are listening to before the show.
Oh, that was. You see what I'm saying? Because we know are they listening to Moe? No.
What do we have? Like 8% or something? The other 92% of our audience hated them like poison.
That's what I'm saying. Oh my god. Moe, that's bad. That's bad. 92% of this vast audience.
Maybe most of the one that left that big, uh, uh, that big, those big floating logs in the bowl.
Seriously, I mean, I understand that maybe there are people who come from 10th world countries where they're not really big on indoor plumbing.
When you sit down there and do your duty to do your best to get it out of your system, flush the damn toilet, okay?
And now I've had not one, but two experiences like you're recently here and I don't feel a, I just feel compelled.
It's a fetish. Don't ask me why because I'm not into that crap at all. Don't confuse me with Peter Clayton.
Or would David Clayton Thomas or with Peter Satira, but nevertheless, you see like, I don't know.
No, I don't know how David Clayton Thomas got involved. I don't know what he goes people.
No, but at any rate, uh, Peter Clayton, you would have loved. He was, uh, he knew his crap.
He was a real kind of swear. But, uh, I, I, I feel compelled to get rid of that. I don't know why. I just,
I, it just shouldn't be there. It's like ban for the public health, don't you think?
Absolutely. If they're these enormous smelly and I, and they're never like, I don't know, you, you think what do these come from?
Certainly not a human ass. I mean, for what, what creature drop these, uh, things?
Where the hell are you under right? And, uh, that when they've been in there for a while, they get water logged.
No, no, no, no, don't start getting like, uh, you know, and they expand their labor.
They were just kicking things off here, like getting back to doing real shows again.
Don't start with all the gross stuff. Next you'll be into that eating ass, which I think is a good segue.
They see one right down to it. One more reason why that's so gross and disgusting.
Are you anal fixated people like Clarence? Oh, I don't care. Uh, you, how many times you douche, you bathe, you shower, you cleanse?
One of those, uh, tucks. Okay, those are for roids, but nevertheless, yeah?
No, no, no, no, but those are for roids, but they're also to make like your ass is antiseptic and lovely and, and, uh,
grotesque-free as humanly possible. And even then, even then, it's still, uh, what it is.
It's still a Schmidt holder. Well, that basically that's it.
You're pulling and you're, uh, they're just holding on. They're like, uh, you know, they're just waiting to make the next deposit.
Like when you get your paycheck and you put it in your wallet, well, I'm in your case, because I'm sure you raised it a bank.
But then, no, that's right. You don't have to get a paycheck because you get direct deposit.
Maybe that's what some of these animals need. Direct deposit when they take a dump.
Maybe they're from Apple. I have actually, I mean, you know, me, I admit to all kinds of grotesque things and I'll admit to this,
I have stood at a public bowl and gone in there and seen just a grote- and of course, you know, before you even go in there,
because you can smell it. Sure. Oh my god. What kind of creature? What time did the spaceship land?
What kind of creature's been in here? And what is that? What are those things? I don't know.
And I'll flush like it. So because sometimes, uh, it happens to be a bowl. It doesn't have like, uh, the greatest suction. You know what I'm saying?
Yeah. And sometimes it's a resist. You know, they go like about halfway down. Oh, they keep coming back. You know, they fight it.
And the, but if you are persistent, if you really aren't, of course, depending on a kind of bowl, you have to wait long enough to see the secret is.
This is a good information for the audience. The secret is to wait until the bowl. You hear the water stop flowing inside so that you know.
That's right. You follow and say it's got to recharge completely. Right. That's right. And then you get the maximum suction. Right.
Right. That's the one that nuclear flushing sounds just like that. I think we need stronger turlits, you know. I agree.
Although I guess if you don't use it at all, that's going to make hell of a, yeah, you have to either push, push the chain.
That's another interesting thing, depending on where you go in the world. Like for example, the toilets in my apartment here. Yeah.
They have the button on the side. You know what I mean? Oh, yeah. You can get that. I bring your pardon. That's an option.
In America, I've never seen an American. A toilet with a button on a side. Yeah. And your fans of your homes. I see. Well, I have my fancy turlits.
And they got like a button on the side. Then in Europe, a lot of them have a lot. Oh, in Cologne, Germany, in that place in the, uh, in the train station.
And it's called McLean. Oh, in C capital C McLean. And it's a public restrooms and you got to pay to go either P or take a dump. I'll pay.
And of course, it's a little cheaper to P, but never last right. And, uh, when you get done. And now some of them are automatic, which I always worry about that.
You know, like in any airport, a lot of them, the, or some places, the, or at the stadium, I think too.
At P P Park. P P. No, you can P P for free. No, but they, they're automatic flush. They're like on a timer. Right. You see, there's a lot of places.
But this one had a foot pedal. Okay. Like up against the wall. And you're standing there and you're thinking, well, I'm not going to, if you have any
software spec, I'm not going to leave this for the next four bags. You look at and try to dispense up. And see, it's got like a little foot pedal against the base against the wall.
And you do a foot thing, which, which forces you, which means you can't do it while you're sitting there. It forces you to get up. You know what I'm saying? Turn around. Now, a lot of people don't want to get up because they're afraid they're going to have to look at what they just left behind. See what I'm saying? I think everybody takes an inventory though.
No, get out of here. Are you serious? I think, yeah, I think everybody takes an inventory. I'd look back to see what they left behind. Now to see if it's all, you know, clean and normal. And all the right colors.
Oh my God. And if the corn kernels that I just did properly, there's a corn count that you have to do. Of course. And then, you know, you got to check for blood. Watch out for that dangerous tomato peel too, by the way.
What are we talking about here? It's not very appealing. Whatever it is. Oh, it's very appealing. Now what I saw in those two boys, twice. This is twice. Okay. And very recent times in those bulls. And I'm going to tell you that people that they ought to be shot in the leg at the very least to wake their ass up.
Wake their hand up. Okay. So here's today's pool because I do find I was done there for a week. And of course I had to rats. I never told about the four more rats. They found a myadoc date in the traps. Not on the air. No, I did not. Four more. So we got a family of five that we've killed so far. And hopefully they know Mo. No, Mo.
But it's just I mean, spent a week there. I felt like I was like in prison. I'm death row for 20 years. That was one of the worst weeks I've ever experienced there. And the heat and the humidity. Now, you know, you're telling me that you're everybody is swimming to work. Everybody's flowing away. You have the hurricane sitting out there in the Atlantic and Brian or crosses hypervitalating. He getting ready to like get everybody killed.
So that's my poll question today. What's the biggest problem with South Florida?
The brutal summer heat humidity and rain. Too many New Yorkers too many Cubans.
But rudeness too many old Jews.
Oh, crooked politicians. Absolutely nothing. It's paradise too many blacks and too many red necks. That'd be anything out.
That's it. Now, I think there might be a couple. I'll have to refine that maybe when we come back following the break. Let's see. Let's look at that schedule here because we want to get everybody acclimated.
The fact that we're like back to life again. Mad dog two to four this afternoon. All right. Then you got the Humper is back in town again. Nice going.
Humpher Hank is doing a show at Shulas another tough assignment. Four to six thirty another two and a half hours. Show nice going. Hey, Marlon's our decades.
Six thirty. That's your wild card leading Marlon's at six thirty a pregame seven oh five pirates at P. B. Park after the game is Eddie K and Joe Mark over
night two to five in the morning preceding you know what? You know, speaking of you know what? You know, there's so many guys out there.
Would add male pattern ball this millions and millions. I wonder how many million people just in Florida.
About thirty man at least because God works. I've told you many times in mysterious ways.
What of the gifts he gives to man is that his hair starts falling out sometime in your twenties. You see guys like even Tom Brady.
I think is going to lose it in the here too. If you like to look great. If you like to get a full head of hair back again.
I'm not talking about dangerous pills with all those nasty side effects of my kid. I'm not talking about a mousey wig that looks like a muskrat fell through your ceiling.
Right on top of your head. Mo. I'm not talking about any of this other crap. We're talking about the great natural hairline system.
The most amazing piece you'll find anywhere in the world Charlie's been doing it for all kinds of people for over thirty five years.
He's been on good morning America today show CBS. He's as famous as it gets what it comes to her because he's the best.
And he continues off in you right now the summer special hair system for only five hundred forty nine bucks for first time customers.
If you already have a hair system, you can save 50% on service and repair of all types of pieces including shampoo and trim.
I thought it was going to shampoo nose muskrat last week. Give Charlie a try. I got nothing to lose but that ugly shiny bald spot because if you try one of the systems for thirty days
don't love the way it looks and feels and smells. If you're not getting laid like at least twenty thirty times a week, Charlie give your money back.
No problem whatsoever. So call Charlie today and change your life forever and look better and younger than you dream.
Then you dare dream you ever could again call tool free one eight hundred three two one twenty four thirteen.
That's one eight hundred three two one twenty four thirteen or you can get more info on their website Charles Alferey dot com.
I hold my phone and luego this is or three oh by sorry.
Nh 바�o.
Have Youazzi?
And Israeli up front?
Freddy first we kill but show friends versus Jason
versus
It's evil versus evil versus
Then this holiday season they meet again in the ring
It's Freddy versus Jason versus Rocky
Rocky's guys will tell you a piece. Oh, Mickey. He's got knives on his fingers. No ruin your pretty face rock
Hello, Mickey then summer 2004 Freddy versus Jason versus see biscuit
Then the following Thanksgiving Freddy versus Jason versus Cramer versus Cramer then coming to pay-per-view Christmas
2004 Freddy versus Jason versus the Olsen twins. It's a grudge match and a change
Suspended over the roll was golden beautiful Pasadena California only on pay-per-view order today
Yeah, let's have one voice on here. It's not a lot like
Like somebody we know now what is this picture here that we got John Jeris and Bob Eisenberg with real here
What is it was pretty brought that by a little snapshot from the 70s the good old days from the 70s?
Where was this why 100?
what see
Bob Eisenberg was selling and he's got a bathrobe on and it was some sort of a if you'll notice the other
There's somebody else with one too and obviously there's a jurist looks like he just pulled out and also has a real
They're real a Schmidt Eaton run on his face in the old bad herpes before we got him in touch with Charles O'Feary
What a silly con who does people in the background people I see
Well, they work a while 100 so they're probably a bunch of assholes. Anyway, that's really great
Thanks a lot Ray Perry or Helver guy Ray must be cleaning out his desk. You know, I'm saying it's a great good curry
Okay, Korean but you I thought you said Ray Perry no
Well, like I said kid Korean cleaning out his desk because power 96 is kicking ass, baby. Oh power whatever it is
I don't know what is in 96.5
Very good. You know how many years it's been since I even punched it up onto my dial
I've heard him at least one helmet an old fart like me be listening all that the
Tunky a spit music and the Schwarzer stuff
Anyway, ex-catering priest promoted despite sex claims as the Dayton Daily News
Whoever faces this this priest stuff is really very good, but it's always a lot must be somebody from Ohio
Let's be because they're obsessed with this crap
It's somebody on a west coast of Florida. Thank you very much by the way. Keep it up. Keep it coming a
Priest involved in a child abuse camp now. What do you think is more disgusting guys who dress up in in the women's clothing or guys who won't flush or both
Maybe they're the same people. Seriously have you ever seen a guy wearing a bronc panties?
No, well as a novelty thing like maybe no
No, no, I'm not talking about like in Bob Eisenberg wearing a bronc panties in the picture with John
Geras having just pulled out now. I'm talking about life for real like guys that like to dress up
No, I know I will guarantee you I'll bet you Greg Reads life on it that we got people in this audience guys who like to
Occasionally dress up in their wives or girlfriends clothing that they probably won't admit it
I find that very
Game bizarre. No, not gay. No, not gay. Just bizarre. I don't think most guys that dress like that are gay
See now there you go again with your usual stereotype with your Cuban homophobia
Yeah, just me a priest involved that it's child abuse scandal of Kettering, St. Charles, Barromeo
Parish was promoted to the Vatican's international diplomatic corps despite warnings about him by his successor at the parish
According to report by the Dallas Morning News
This is the first time it can be shown that the Vatican has been found harboring an abuser in its ranks the Dallas paper
Said the link between the priest and the Vatican is the current pastor of St. Charles
Munsin your Lawrence Brezlin no relation to Jimmy who recalled twice telling a Vatican official of the accusations against Munsin your Daniel
Peter for a second. I thought it was Peter
But it's Daniel Peter
Peter who recently resigned as Vatican post in India was assigned to St. Charles in 1979 his first job as a priest
You know some of those Indian people are really beautiful looking the only problem is you can't get too close to him
He was that's bad. I shouldn't have said that. Should I that's all right. It is true
That made them pull to take some day we already did that didn't we a long time ago about whose smells worth?
I don't recall no that was about whose fart smell works. Oh, you remember that one. Yeah
That's bad you can't do that. But is it Indians or Pakistanis?
He was accused of abusing a female parishioner beginning in the early 1980s when she was 14 and
Continuing for about a decade the woman recently discovered that Peter been promoted to Vatican's number two diplomatic post
in India in January she contacted Mike Nellinger of catering who co-founded a local affiliate of voice to the faithful of Boston based
Lay organization certain response to these sex abuse scandals in the Roman Catholic Church
During the lawsuit Peter took the Fifth Amendment on every question said Nellie who examined the court file and yada yada
Yada how do you like that?
So even if Vatican is you know hushed it up in the Shavanaman up
Priest who served in the area accused of abuse
This is also in the Dayton Daily News what it seems to be an awful lot of this stuff in Ohio
Nine men including two from Dayton are
Allegedly were sexually abused as boys by a priest of the Roman Catholic art slices of Cincinnati two decades ago
Abuse allegedly occurred while the priest the Reverend David Kelly in a relation to the woman who just off himself in England was teaching it since
That he's elder high school living at the rectum re at St. Thorees the little flower parish
Which has an elementary school said Conrad Kircher in a relation to Adam Kurt our culture. What's that kid's name?
I know he's me now
culture, culture
The Mason attorney representing accused his Kelly tar religion at elder from 74 to 84
Antico's on about yada yada yada
They Kelly remains a priest in good standing with the arts diocese
But has been without an assignment from the church for a year
Kelly and church officials couldn't be reached for comment yesterday
And it goes on about their soon this one and so on that one as more this crap of these isolated incidents keep spilling on out
It keeps spilling out courts court
Already like that and a lot of you morons out there keeps subsidizing this crap the world's largest closet the world's biggest pedophilia closet
Oh, no no problem. Well, we believe and the Mary and the mother and the ghost and all this other crap
With all the chaps keys and the crosses and the rosary beads and the
And what's the the miter and the brother?
All the trappings and the crappings
How is it possible that there can be so many millions and millions and millions of stupid stupid idiotic sheep? How's that possible be evolution?
God, it must be it
Oh, look at this according to do the ramen do the ruminine
God commands you to flush when you're done
Now this these are some interesting points. Okay. I want all you religion to stop there
Listen very carefully because if you don't flush you're gonna throw it in hell and probably smell
I think that's your punishment
You're gonna smell it forever right in hell and also the toilet never flushes it just keeps filling up
Oh, just think about it yet to swim in it the giant toilet do the run. Oh like South Florida. How come that's not on our
That's a good one. I like that
The biggest problem with South Florida get that on their ear. It's a giant toilet
And
You left off my bad we left off not to see we got too many old Jews, which is fine too many old people in
China
They're right in general because they're all obnoxious. So it's a toilet needs to be on there also too many old people the demographic down here
It's just so skewed the median age is about 70 plus
About a hundred
median ages death
According to do to run a me 23 12 that way in a place did you say do do run a me?
Courtney do do run a me now. She'll have a place also without the camp whether they're shall go forth abroad
What what does that mean? Oh the cycle of your cross dress you might go abroad go forth abroad keep on reading and now
She'll have paddle upon that weapon and it shall be when that will ease myself abroad now
She'll dig there with and she'll turn back and cover that was coming from me
Oh the dog has to read this right you know the dogs that run away about five feet and kick up the dirt even
They have more decor and than the people that's right even you assholes out there to refuse to flush even a door
Dogs got better of manners it may not always be very effective, but at least it make it an effort
That's right. They care at least it tried and
23 14 for the Lord thy God in the midst of I camp to deliver the end to give up by enemies before the
therefore shall thy camp be holy that he's seen no unclean thing in the and turn away from me
Hey, Claretz. He says there shouldn't be no unclean thing in in the
These will get that thing out of there, okay?
You idiot can you imagine the diseases that child's gonna have before the years out?
No before it's out
10 41 19 before the Multics and calls were just relaxed okay
We realized it's the day after Labor Day. We don't expect too much and that's good
You know we don't want to put no pressure on his audience right right now
Seriously and we got votes on a poll already too many Cubans 36 of course which is good point
Routinus 20 the brutal summer heat humidity and rain the gigantic lakes
In the street 11 and in your yard too many New Yorkers 11 of 10
Crooked politicians seven too many old Jews five too many black people three too many red was George's by the way too many red
Next one and absolutely nothing it's paradise one, but it's not what I voted you know who that might be absolutely
Yeah, he thinks it's paradise
Thanks like I have to paradise at the crap tables see everything comes back to crap you know
Yeah, just just like the equipment of QA. I'm in fact it took for a lot of about five weeks to discover that five minutes
We had his first show oh yeah
That's right took him five minutes five seconds the first day the guys gonna go on regular
eight and then and the damn yeah and the sky is falling and the transmitter goes out and there
It is more that the great technical incompetence of QA well, you know, we can't control the weather yeah
Whatever you say course or you're an idiot
1042 at 560 you can control how your carpets look and smell and feel that's for damn sure
I mean if your carpets it just to common sense all the walking around and dropping food and crap and the bringing tracking and stuff
From outside it doesn't take too long before your carpets look and maybe even smell pretty bad kind of like what we're mentioning before
If you want to do a spectacular job for yourself pick up the phone and call dry concepts like I've been doing for well over 20 years
Because they're the best in the world you can bet your ages life on it though to the best job
You've ever seen in your life and now dry concepts offers you an opportunity to say 15% on your next carpet cleaning
And don't forgive you they they give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job
So you don't have to worry about getting ripped off and now you can save even more than the usual low price
Just call dry concepts toll-free
1-800-248-5071 and ask to be put on their stand by list
Then dry concepts will call you next time they've got an opening in their schedule
It's like when you fly standby in a plane if you're available when they have an opening
They'll knock 15% off the price and you're in like Flynn so call dry concepts today have to be put on their stand
Violest they might even have an opening for you the same day that you'd be calling and they'll still give you 15% off the price of the job
When they show up which will be right on time and you'll be amazed at how they can make your carpets look and smell and feel
Lemony fresh just like brand new column today toll-free at 1-800-248-5071
1-800-248-5071 or get more info about them on the web at dryconcepts.com
You go back to Canada you do
Okay, he's back. That's right. I guess good friend. Good guy. I know. Shows a make it this the colors from Grand Falls Canada
Hello, I know that was wondering who's your idol Satan be devil
Satan yes, absolutely. Okay, my second question is why are you running for governor?
Right now every soft and there is a window of opportunities where Satan can return and bring heaven and hell together
And rule both of them for the next thousand years. Oh, I didn't know that after I've won
It could be the return of Satan Columbus, Ohio with Arnold Schwarzenegger. Hello. Hi Arnold. I was just wondering can you spell tap?
Okay, wait here. We'll do it together
See oh
Now you finish it the hell with that was a very different. Yeah, I have no idea what she's talking about to be honest with you because I know what I am stupid
Stupid the truth about Arnold Schwarzenegger. Thank you very much Larry. Thank you, Arnold 1046 at 560 W3123 votes in our already George
How do you like that? Oh?
We're not just turning the corner. We're doing it at full throttle man. We're just speeding around the corner. They'll tip over
123 votes already we just put this thing up there a few minutes ago
What's the biggest problem with South Florida? We're asking today and of course so there's one one who says nothing is paradise
Come on there's got to be somebody happy down there
Too many Cubans 47
Rudeness 46 the brutal summer heat humidity and rain 15 too many New Yorkers is only got 12 others that surprised you
No, it doesn't are you eating something? Yes, what a slab I bet it's how is to thanks how is what is it for beef and cheese?
You bastard you know, no, no, I'm down to 189 I'm under 190 near
I'm not gonna let you influence because I got the nothing fattening I got some strawberries and blackberries
Do you like blackberries? Yes, I do I never see him down there do we have an insolver?
You got to you got to find him in in season in publics, but yeah, they grow wild around the house in Carolina
It's one of the reasons to go there. Oh, so are those
Toadstools. Yeah delicious little butter and onions
Anyway, what brutal summer heat humidity and rain 15 too many New Yorkers 12 which I'm amazed at how low that is
Crooked politicians nine too many old Jews six too many black people three
It's a toilet just what on there. But it's already got three
Absolutely, I think it's paradise one more on that one who's oblivious too many rednecks one and too many old people
Just went on there don't have any yet, which also shocks the hell out of me
Getting back to the rich pack their piece
Old would better take some of these calls and they might some of might even be real. I can't believe this on the day after Labor Day
Here's Pember pine. Hello, hey, Neil how you doing pretty good? I heard on Friday
You're gonna try to pick up Frank in book over the weekend a job of chance to do that
I never had a chance have been so damn busy since I got back here and especially trying to figure out how to get all this
I don't even know if I want you to read it
It's depressing man. You realize how many right wing fascist scumbags are in charge of this country
You know, most of you know, it's amazing is all these chicken hawks. It's so funny. There's so many more democratic war veterans
And there are Republicans. It's amazing right on of them have served in the military yet. They're ready to go kick ass everywhere
Another ready for somebody else. They're okay. It was exactly listen and and we continue having kids die every single day every day
Over there in a quick sand pit. Yes, yes
Listen, do you think Dean or Carrie has any shot in hell? Dean's gonna kick bushes ass and Frank
I can't wait to see that wait wait listen wait to hear this
I just looked on Miss Fudge's report on her website the latest pull this out. It's it's a bush against Hillary
Bush 48 Hillary 41 now she's that close and you know how many people this fires are like poison
Dean's gonna wipe the floor. I don't know how much to put in the polls though, you know, you'll see
I put it my fearless prediction guys gonna kick his ass. I hope you're right have a good day, buddy
And you too. Thank you. I think even Jimmy Dean could be them especially if he starts serving up some of that free Jew food
Can you imagine? Oh?
Everybody likes Jew food. I do. I'm eating them some now. What do you think?
I'm trying to print it to download the story there and trying to like get the details
But of course on the Fudge report it's and then here's this glowing blue and I admit see
I admit that I go on there for information. Sometimes he's got some good stuff. I don't have any problem with that
I don't really get a care where I get this stuff from you know I was Catherine Harris by the way she's still alive
Miss Fudge boy what a screaming screaming closet faggot you are
That's all I want to say to you because I know you're listening right now. You're a little condo on a beach
Okay, I hope you're getting a little bit down there on South Beach just use some protection Miss Fudge
Because God will you know it can you imagine the stuff that's going around on South Beach?
Can you imagine where you fudge back? I'm sure she was
And then the in this story about rich packed what I do with it linking new sites match the rich creates an internet success
I'll get to it. I want to get all these call in here
But it's just such a such a such a
suck job, you know
There's nothing in here in the least bit critical
There's nothing in here questioning about what a lot of the crap that he puts on there which it is crap
Just like this stuff about the Catherine Harris thing how he tried to spin and skew that for all of his
The the puppeteers that are manipulating his string his G string
I heard that even at hat that he wears every now and then this like pops off right up in the air yeah like that
Here's pompano hello
How you doing? You know we'd like to get Matt drugs no strings attached then you have yes sir
Can I add something to the pole for may I go ahead please driver?
Oh, yeah, how do we phrase that drivers?
Yeah, driver drivers now you knocking down a bit again
Automobile drivers. Oh auto yeah, auto drivers. I think I'm the one driver
I'm not
No drivers is good
The event to be in 95 you know that my seriously listen to me my blood pressure since I got back here Saturday is
30 points lower. It's it's perfect then it was when I was down there just for one week and the driving is a big part of it
I'm sure I'm sure
I just
Look at you you get to get out in here, you know, but still make your living and somewhat
Right and plus I have no car here. I don't need a car. I can walk wherever I have to go
I can take this subway no car man. That's great and then you come back here
You know when you want to if it's just a little too cold up there, you know, but it's hell here
It's hell the weather the driver
Like like that like the Norwegian say it's never too cold
They're just our people who are sometimes underdressed
Yeah, have a great day pali hang in there. Good luck. There's a guy that has to drive for a living and I really I
Commiserate don't you?
Impatize before I just how do you do it? How do you do it? You people? I'm telling you if you're listening in your car
I'll hold bunch of you because I know how many people in South Florida really can drive
But third man the rest of you get off the road
That's all just pull it over park it and get out of there take the bus
I mean, you know, they they made a big deal in Cala, California when they had those two stories in a very short period of time
Those old parts driving into the farmers market or whatever it was and killing a bunch of people
But but in South Florida sometimes it didn't even make the news because it happened every single day
We got a bunch of old parts in their juke news trying to create a drive through where there isn't one in there
It's supposed to be one, you know?
I mean, I don't know too many Chinese restaurants that have a drive through but don't confuse these bastards
We had one here at a peach arena over the weekend by the way a drive through incidents church and queen
Oh, what a combination that is in this town
Church and Queen Street since Romano and they'd like drove into the I was a limo guy no less
Ooh, which is pretty unusual
Maybe his head gear was a little too tight
But limo guy just going too fast around according went right into a pizza joint
Speaking of joint, let me forget that Holland story 161 votes. What's the biggest problem with South Florida?
Too many Cubans 55
Roodness 31 oh brother. What a difference rude hostile angry nasty rude
The brutal summer he committed in rain 20 20 New Yorkers 17 only 10 and a half percent cricket politicians 13. It's a toilet
9 well flush it
What's the name of that thing we got you can't is that called you can't flush this we have something like that. Yeah
Oh my god, wouldn't that be great? It would be great if you could find it. See I bet you have the only person flushed is
You can't flush this
That fits in in so many ways with my recent experiences. We also have
Flush oh
Yeah, all about that as a matter of fact good. Okay. Well, we have both come on
It's a toilet nine too many old Jews seven oh
Another thing just changed on me again. Damn you too many black people for George's idea although he didn't vote for that
So while you dark he's out there don't get mad at George. He loves you too many red next four too many old people to
Absolutely nothing. It's paradise. Still has got out of a hundred and 74 votes. It's still got one
Absolutely and drivers just went on here and immediately got one well. That's that's a no-brainer
That's easy and look at a lot of votes because you're driving down there sucks. Let's face it
I was just I think you're
Yeah, George coming to work this morning with all the rain and the water the streets are like water
Like and people acted on the eyes there either like a real bunch of assholes would say are
What's wrong with you people? Why don't you get it?
And of course there is nowhere no place
I mean if you're like 90 years old living in a condor like ma I mean all or at least she'd right and by the way to my mother's neighbors
Quite she's not running a limo service. Okay. She's 90 freaking years old. No, seriously. I was there this last time
I'm glad that I slipped this back my memory made a brief recovery
She's telling me how some of her neighbors now the new deal
How could you drive us to the dry cleaner? Could you drive us over to the back?
I mean the fact that she drives to the sumer market and back that's enough. Okay, and she admits it
She admits it which that's about the only thing she admits because she's full of crap, but that's it
How to how to how she in a position if you ever would have been driving in a car when she was driving a few
Them in a passenger you to jump right out on the street even on the interstate you of course you don't get on there
Thank them. So but she knows her limitations. Yeah, she'll occasionally like spin over to the Broward mall go across to the new
Public she's got over there in Hollywood or whatever, but very limited you don't say right good, which is great
But but she's not running a limo zine service. Okay, some of her neighbors
I don't want to mention no names where they live very very close by because she won't you don't have the guts to do it
You know she's always bitching me out and everything but with her neighbor
Wow, she can't say no. Well start saying no ma just say no like Nancy Reagan said okay say no to your pushing neighbors
You be doing the whole world a favor because the less you're out there in a Hershey, Iway driving at little pub zopper
Years around a happier everybody will be no stay alive
You you know once a week when I'm there I drive over to her place, you know that sure you can't even begin
To imagine the kind of crap I could write a book just about those experiences. Well, there you go
Just about attempting to drive to carriage hills on steering road in Hollywood once a week and taking your life in your hands
Sure
People who've been dead for five years. They're still behind the wheel and I guess their foot was stuck on the accelerator
And it's just keeping along and maybe
Some day it'll get out of your way maybe not no
Unacceptable, okay? Oh, are you old Jews at carriage hills? You're unacceptable and my mom ain't running a limousa
Sleep her alone. All right. Hey, then I can't believe I actually stuck up for her there. Well, that's because she won't do it for herself
Okay, whenever you say whenever you say by the way once some of that breaded zucchini don't ever make that again ma
Don't ever make that again or John's not gonna come there anymore and eat
And I certainly would ever come near that place and by the way, how do you like living there ma? I own it
1057 and 560 I think she'd make a great bag lady don't you?
I think there was somebody to keep her company
Yeah, boy, well they have some great stories to come is
They could have not seen a 2000 and
Announcing a 2003 neo-Rongers end of the summer clearance here going on right now at Halibut
Ecc GMC get the lowest prices in town from Tom Levin and Joe Prieto do I sound like extra happy today?
Yes, well, I have good reason it has something to do with my experience last night for this special promotion every vehicle has been
Right down to the absolute rock bottom price. I think I had to be playing that song that Ricken says like I love I like Chinese
Plus get 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock
Listen up by 2003 Pontiac Sunfire for only 11,998 or full-size Sierra for only 15,998
Hurry and now because inventories be limited and how that you can still do this and I have I don't think I let mod do it
But it just about anybody else you can test drive any vehicle on the lot for 24 hours
You can take it home take it to work put it in the microwave
Whatever you want to do with it. How it's also got an unbeatable selection of dependable certified pre-owned cars trucks and gas guzzling SUVs
And if you have marginal credit to have no fear just march it on the lot there because they want to make you a deal
They don't want to be picky and send your ass away
How about Pontiac GMC in the same location they've been making phenomenal unbeatable deals and treating people right for over 35 years
134 oh one soft Dixie highway that's US one across from the falls open every day seven days a week the only day of the in your lifetime
They close is Christmas day for the goam from our information called the Neal Deal hotline tool free
One Tribal 8 5 3 4 4 2 11
That's one Tribal 8 5 3 4 4 2 11 no forget all these great Neal Deal subject to credit approval talked to Tom and Joe and all of the people at
Halifort details
Halif Pontiac GMC they're not bushmen you when they say we are professional grade
You fight you see you a.m.
Does she Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger
You asked for it you got it
When when you come to my heart every time you ask to use the call and let you and that's fine
But when you're done you all ready
To mission
I'm a very special gift to you.
I'm surprised who went and ran.
You're right, I'm a super-channel, a little class.
I'm just remembered to blush.
We're here in the liver of the tank in the evening.
What you pull for a girl to see, flush with.
Get it pulled, thus way to try to see.
Let the seat, your number reaches out of your mind to see.
You should get something far, and I don't leave me broken heart.
I just remembered to blush.
It's 11.02, suck that last baby down.
Maybe that last Tootsie role, please.
Get it out of my face, get it out of my view.
I don't want to see it, I don't want the next person to have to see it.
I'm really a good Samiritan, and it's by the fact that so many people think I'm an old prick.
But I'm a good Samiritan, I'm a good Joe.
207 votes on a pool, what's added to more, by the way?
I hope Eric isn't to put out with me.
Eric, by the way, is doing a phenomenal job.
Yes he is.
It took Bina, who was bad experiences we had with him to finally wake.
It's a shake, Eric, plus the fact you pressed him out last time.
Bina?
No, you just give him a good talk into, a good dressing down.
But I emailed him the stories for this morning for our website,
and he had him on air before he could say Greg Zamoran, who was great.
207 votes, what's the big, oh my other two, two crowded, somebody faxed me, both of those, two crowded, and...
I'm using both of this person's suggestions, too many illegals, illegal aliens.
Right?
Okay.
Who are you talking about?
Patients?
Anybody?
Illegal aliens?
Illegal alien?
No, not on someone that's defensive Cuban stuff again, okay, with that wet-foot-wet-back stuff.
I'll just want to be asking.
I'll just talk about how about Nicaraguan's, how about the Colombians, all the way, do like Colombians.
Well, you can have them.
So here's the whole story, by the way, I never got through the thing.
Too many Cuban 64, rudeness 36, the brutal summer heat humidity in rain 26,
too many New Yorkers only 21.
Crooked Polyfistons 18, it's a toilet, it was a late addition, it's got 16 hour in, you can smell it.
Crush it.
Too many old Jews, eight, too many black people, six, although at least the most good thing is we do have a lot of fried chicken and watermelon,
so I'll throw the thanks to the climate.
Too many red necks, five, too many old people, four, what about Chitlins?
What about them?
Absolutely nothing, wrong, it's paradise, two.
Two.
A pair.
Out of now 218 votes.
In fact, even drivers just to surpass that with full.
Too many old people for drivers for absolutely nothing, it's paradise.
Absolutely.
So maybe that's why most audiences are so small, there's only one person out there in a whole town that agrees with his bull crap.
Have a nice day everybody, and paradise, I'm QAM.
Oh, you're a, I'm so old, I'm decrepit, and my numbers are so bad.
Yeah, Mo, we hate you.
You know what, Mo gives us every day.
All the crap you can unwrap, that's what he gives us.
Bush, this is the whole story that I just printed out for my good close personal friend Miss Fudge.
Bush 48%, I wouldn't, you know something, I wouldn't invite him, because I know he's got his own show, he's on an off 50 states, and he's got 18 million hits every hour.
But I'd like to invite him to come out of the closet and show some day.
Wouldn't that be great?
On his show?
No, on this show.
It's like, oh Jay, you know, because we have OJ in candle, and I told, I said many a time, if he wants to crawl in the show and confess, because we all know he done it, I put him on a year.
Sure.
Remember that you'll fade it golf tournament, of course we do.
Well, and they wanted me to put him on here, I said no, the only way I'll put that, that murdering bastard OJ on is if he wants to call him confess to doing it.
And the same with Miss Fudge, if she wants to come on here and come out of the closet and admit that she's a self-hating, right wing, fag, I'd be glad to put her on a year.
I think that I butch to rub a little bit because you know that she's listening hanging on every word here.
And when I said that this story wouldn't print out, lo and behold, I go to them, but I bull him here it is.
As a presidential candidate, Senator Hillary Clinton attracts more democratic votes than any other candidate, but still trails president Bush 48 to 41.
But it's interesting, because that means he's got less than 50% even against her.
And she's not even running.
What does that tell you?
If Democrats nominate Senator John Kerry, who looks a little scary, here's that video.
45 to 36% against Vermont Governor Howard Dean.
He leads 45 to 34.
But keep in mind that still millions of people don't know how are deemed from Jimmy Dean, from James Dean.
Right? Right.
The National Telephone Survey of 1499, likely voters, was conducted by Rasmussen reports August 29th, September 1.
Margin of Sampley, here is about plus and minus three.
And Senator Clinton would reinforce the divide between investor and non-investors that has been growing in recent years.
America's investor class would vote for Bush over Clinton for 53 to 35, meaning people loaded with cash.
Non-investors, which is like your average ordinary schmucks like George, non-investors prefer Clinton 46 to 42%.
That represents an ensuing of 22% in points.
So if we can get all the shluppers out there to vote.
While the investor class gap is larger for Senator Clinton, it exists for all Democratic candidates.
And it goes on, I don't want to read the whole thing.
You probably should put this on the website.
I don't want to bug Eric, do I?
Eric, put it on here. I'll email it to him during the next break.
He'll do it. He'll do anything else since you bitched him out.
I'd like to take away his wittina.
While Bush leads against individual Democrats, wait till you hear this.
This is thrilling. This gives us hope.
Because overall poll numbers have slipped against a generic Democrat.
In other words, meaning anybody, Joe Smith from Down the Street, any of the dog catcher.
The president is now tied 42 to 42%.
How do you like that?
Oh, right.
A month ago, the president led 40 to 41% against dinner.
See, things ain't going too good.
There are people dying, kids dying all the way in Afghanistan and Iraq every single day.
And the lies, you know, just keep him in more and more.
And now he's saying he's taking credit for the economic rebound.
And just because the market went up a little bit, what rebound, right?
What's he talking about?
The discrepancy between polls comparing Bush to a generic Democrat
and those suggesting specific alternative is the result of several factors.
First, the generic ballot enables Democrats to envision their ideal candidate as the president's opponent, the idea of the president's president's opponent.
It's their second, the name recognition for individual Democratic candidates, other than swillery is very low.
Well, that's what I just got through saying.
Most people don't know from Howard Dean, right?
Right. In John Kerry.
I bet you that most Americans wouldn't know the difference between Bob Kerry, who of course is Senator from Nebraska and John Kerry from Massachusetts.
How many people do you think in this country know the difference unless they live in those states?
BOT THIRD MAN!
Right, because the American public generally dumb, uneducated.
They're busy watching American Idol.
They don't know from anything that's happening in the system.
And then they wonder, gee, how come all the rich people are getting the breaks?
How come all of our kids are dying?
How come NASA's making human sacrifices of these astronauts, stuff like that?
To try to cut corners.
Oh, yeah. Would you like to go up into space?
We're cutting a few corners. It really makes you wish that that lands.
What was his name from instinct?
Oh, bass.
Lance Bass.
Yeah.
Oh, God. I don't wish any physical harm to anybody.
But, well, we didn't know he nice to see him go up in one of those deals.
Oh, now which one was he supposed to go on?
It wasn't the last one.
He was supposed to go up with the Russians.
Oh, well, he even really trust them.
They're cracked together.
They're cracked record better than ours right now.
But we're, yeah, we're just going to say we're in no position to be talking to Americans.
Anyway, so there you go.
There's the deal.
Hillary's doing very well.
Now, what is it got any other stuff on here?
Bush 48.
No, that's just got those three and then the generic one.
Pretty interesting article.
I'll put it on the, I have Eric put it on there.
Post taste.
Blomé.
We'll get to it.
Still haven't gotten to read.
And you notice rich factor who faxes this show every single day, basically.
Pretty damn near.
Now I know why Paul Harvig Jr hates him like poison.
Rich factor writes this puff piece in a herald this morning or yesterday about Ms. Fudge.
Now, it had to be today, right?
It says posted on Monday, September 1, but it's from today's paper.
Or maybe the herald is screwed up.
Their website is one of the worst of any, any major market newspapers.
It's just awful.
And to show you how embarrassed they are and have very jackass working there.
If you try to like do a search for very jackass, it comes back and it says,
Who?
Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, you want to come with this city.
Okay.
How come you're whisperin again, sir?
How come you do it?
And you know who that is?
That's the same guy that calls on line nine.
That's the same schwarzer.
Which I never realized until right now.
He's about two or three of those different chronic.
It's the same guy.
Because he usually just whispers, but this time he tipped his hat.
You know what I'm saying?
He gave away a little bit too much.
You idiot.
You jackass.
You're part of the problem with South Florida.
His assholes like you.
Too many chronic, too many losers.
Too many jackasses.
Too many mentally defective.
That's the problem.
And believe me, and this poll is provenant, there is a problem.
It's not just my imagination.
I mean, nobody really voluntarily wants to freeze their ass off in a snow in a sleet
and the ice in that crap butt.
But millions of people do.
And you want to know why?
Because it's not there.
Yeah.
That's why I'm here right now.
Because I like it here.
Number one.
And I'm not making it up about my blood pressure either.
My blood pressure is 105 over 65.
For an old bag like me, can you even begin to believe that?
For a fat old bag.
Right.
So what's wrong with dressing up in a brown panties anyway?
I just beg.
I don't understand that.
I beg your pardon?
If that's your bag.
You know, I thought you said, a bag again.
If that's your bag?
Well, I've somebody left it in the bag in the men's room somewhere.
Yeah.
Somebody actually left the green-bron panties in a bag.
It wasn't a female, believe me, unless she was like in a wrong joint.
Did it fit you?
It was lovely.
Mmm, the comfort level is just so you feel so free.
You feel so free.
Like the panties on backwards, I think, though.
Oh, no, but it makes it that finesse the breeze.
Makes for a nice, quick, emergency release when you have to run to the key room.
Oh, my cup right-of-over.
Exactly.
And doesn't it make...
Yeah, if you ever...
I'm sure you have being a man of the arts like you are.
Yeah, what?
No, listen to me.
Like you watch those movies and you see these depictions and what it was like back in the
olden days, you know, the Romans and the geeks.
And they used to wear all of that.
I mean, the tights and the...
Oh, yeah, like Romeo and Juliet with that.
Right.
You can't wonder why.
That's something that's what I was just going to use in this area.
Yeah.
Romeo and Juliet.
And he's got...
I don't care how much he had the hots for Juliet, but how the hell they ever do it with all that clothing on, you know?
Well, the cotton piece is easy access, but all the other cotton pieces.
Yeah, don't just remember the movie.
I thought that was only in a clockwork orange.
You have to be careful how you say that.
Don't you remember they all had their decorative cotton pieces?
Yes.
But the cotton piece didn't just...
I mean, was that just like a zipper?
Listen to me.
Yes, I'm listening.
They're wearing the cotton piece with the tights, right?
You remember the movie.
Yes.
The tights have a slit in them and I'm not...
They have a slit?
Listen.
Well, my parents just take a note.
I'm not joking here.
They have a slit in them and your package hangs out of the slit.
The cotton piece covers your package so that you can go to the bathroom easily.
And you just...
You just unscinched one corner of the cotton piece and flaps open and you do your business.
I see!
Well, I feel so much better now, because I used to think they had to like...
Just shimmy and shake and like, lol all that stuff just to do anything.
No, sorry.
It's like the Mormons were that they had magic underwear.
Why the hell do they ever do it?
And then the fact that Mormons is they have all of those kids so they must...
Where there's a will there's a way.
As in swing it and sway it.
There's an opening.
Here's the fact that says I voted for drivers for sure.
When is WQM going to take that pick of Mo off?
It's horrible.
Oh, we're never going to.
And first it's not QM, it's our website.
Feels like it's going to jump out and bite.
I haven't suggested for new bit.
The title is the Phil Collins song.
I mean, there's no Mo...
No Mo.
Oh!
Well, that sounds an interesting fit.
No Mo!
No Mo!
Done it?
Yeah, would they get that idea?
No Mo!
From a chronic factor named Eddie.
Why is it that somebody guys named Eddie are assholes?
Have you ever noticed that?
I have.
I just noted, I just mentioned that in passing.
11-14 already at 5-60 WQM.
No forget, we're back to like a real business here now this summer.
The party's over, baby.
No more screwing around.
We're getting back to really being a radio stationer,
in fact, some of you know, Magdog at 2.
The Humper is back in town at Shulas from 4-
Hey, stupid!
It's still 6-30.
Marlins on Deck 6-30.
Pirates in the Marlins at P.P. Park, the...
What are they?
Wild card deleting Marlins by a game.
But they're hot again.
They love it at home, home cooking.
Eddie K. follows the game and Jo and Mark overnight.
Even with Michael O'Leal out there still one.
How do you like that, George?
I know you're following it.
Huh?
If you're underpaid, overworked, underappreciated like Scott.
How'd you like to have a new high-paying career before the end of the year?
Pick up the phone and call our Coast Personal Buddies at Fast Train.
1-866 Fast Train.
They'll get you on the right track to like a real life and a big, fat paycheck.
Fast Train can have you trained and certified before years end.
The demand for a computer professionals continues to grow.
And there's no better time than right now to obtain a new high-paying career.
Fast Train offers you job placement assistance.
Convenient day-even weekend schedules.
With six locations there is bound to be a fast train year-value.
Fast Train offers you financial assistance to those who qualify.
So call them right now if you're really sick and tired of your frustrated working for a crappy job.
A crappy boss and a really mediocre paycheck.
Get yourself some education in a real job, a real career.
Call toll-free 1-866 Fast Train.
That's 1-866 Fast Train.
Now that they're around, there's no excuses, no mo, to stay in a dead end job.
Check them out on the web at fasttrained.com
and call them toll-free.
There's no obligation to answer all your questions.
1-866 Fast Train.
This is sports radio license.
2 AM.
Page from the audio diary of Aspencutcher.
Dude, Dutery.
Very clever.
I'm checking in from the basement of aging actress Dilly Moore.
Who am I happening to be softland?
And I have been for like over three whole months.
Dutery.
She's that old lady from the Indies and Proposal movie.
Remember, she was married to the guy I buy my weed from?
Woody.
I said Woody too.
I wish my name was Woody.
But then again, no.
Because then people laugh when I said it.
Aspencutcher.
Don't forget to pick up your dirty drawers.
Yes, mother.
That's that old lady I was talking about.
G.I. Jane.
She likes it when I call her mother.
As a matter of fact, she makes me call that.
Especially when we're sweating the oldies.
If you know what I mean, she may be like 50 years older than me.
But her can is like a bionic woman can.
I think probably because she bought it at that new bud store.
I asked dad to clean up the toy room.
Alright, alright, alright.
She's got more plastic parts than the day will.
Anyways, I gotta wrap this up.
Because if she calls me again and Adam go upstairs,
I don't care any loving from her aging oven for like two solid hours.
Aspen!
Love your mind to call and skate for it out of the driveway!
Alright, alright, alright.
I'll check in again, Dutery.
Right now I've gotta go upstairs and close my eyes
and pretend I'm with someone from my own century.
Ashenadoot!
This has been another page from the audio diary of Aspencutcher.
Ever see him in the del-dudel together?
No.
Same guy.
Love in 1905, 60 WQM here annoys me Ashenadoot.
I don't know what it is.
He don't look bad, but he's got like a woman's body number one.
He's a strange shape and he's just annoying.
He's a gritty man.
And now he's everywhere, you know?
Oh, speaking of a gritty man, Chris Fax is says
if you see the flaming Alice Rantel on the national news,
thank goodness no talking up Arnold is a great governor for the state of California.
No, I'm not.
Also I cut the Mr. Ego show, but Chris must be a real talk show groupie.
Anybody listens?
Oh god.
He claims that he beat Randy Rhodes in the radio rating month after month.
First of all, isn't Randy on in the afternoon?
I don't know.
I assume she was lucky enough.
Secondly, she's not in the same market anyway.
She's basically her station is a Palm Beach station that she's on, right?
Thirdly, he don't beat anybody.
I mean, you can barely even find him.
What is the hell does he know about radio ratings?
They don't even subscribe to it.
They can't even afford to.
He's on a make-believe buy it on your way on your station.
Mr. Ego.
It says I know that Steve would never live in a respectable Christian man.
Oh yeah.
Coxelhoi Steve.
Also, it says he's the Schmidt left in the toilet.
It's not Florida thing.
I've been to other states.
It's not a Saturday left block.
Well, I'm just made to say that while I haven't counted in Florida,
it's a Toronto thing here of late.
It's everywhere.
It's everywhere.
It is everywhere.
Oh god.
It is everywhere.
No matter where you look, there's another big pile of it.
Here's the fact that says I took a drive down to the keys this weekend.
That's a good poll question for a later on the week.
What is kinky or eating ass or dressing up a woman's clothing?
Okay.
Now, do you see?
There's a long pause there.
Which one is kinky?
It's kinky.
It's common.
It's pretty common all right.
And here I'm not using the word in the same way that you are.
It's a real common thing.
We get a poll more than 50% of this audience does.
More than 50% of this audience eats ass.
Yes.
And what?
About 62% dresses up a woman's clothing.
So there you go.
All right.
I took a drive down to the keys this weekend.
Had an excellent time.
Says Johnny.
It wasn't until I got back north to the Palmetto Expressway.
I remembered the asshole drivers in this area.
Please explain to the listeners the left lane.
Oh, I've done this so many times.
Left lane on any highways for the fast drivers and passing.
Not daydreaming under the freaking speed limit.
You know, I could sit here and bust a gut.
I could like, burst a vessel in my brain screaming.
It won't do any good.
It often seems to be some refuee in an old, rusted piece of crap that believes
because there's an open spot.
He is entitled to put his dumb ass in it.
Even if it happens to be the left lane, as in no going nowhere fast.
Please straighten out these assholes once and for all.
Love you, Johnny.
PS, don't retire.
Counting the minutes, Johnny.
Not today's I'm counting the minutes.
Although I'm, I don't know what it is.
I guess I'm in a good mood, is that it?
Maybe.
Because I'm not there.
Number one.
And number two, recent developments in my life.
And number three.
Plus the fact that now we have to be in a good mood because we're just...
See, this is the only show you'll hear on this station.
Where anybody admits that we've been faking it all summer long.
Yeah.
It would be like after all those years, if your wife said to you,
you admitted she was faking those orgasms the four times you did it.
And the same thing here.
We admit that we just did the best we could to fake our way through.
We realized there was, we're talking like ourselves.
There's nobody there.
So what's the pern?
Right.
I bust the gut when you just, you just try to entertain the masses a little bit and get back to like when the life comes back.
And keep in mind, even though Labor Day is coming gone yesterday, in spite of that,
the real crowd didn't come back to like Thanksgiving time, December, you know, January February.
And as soon as a pass over in East they're coming gone, they're gone.
They're out.
272 votes on a pool.
What's the biggest problem with South Florida?
Too many Cubans, 77, rudeness 43, the brutal summer heat committee in rain 34,
crooked politicians is tied with too many Yorkers 25.
It's a toilet 19.
Too many old people 12.
Too many old Jews 9.
Hey.
Too many blacks 9.
Too many redneck 6, driver 6.
Absolutely nothing.
It's paradise all the way up to three.
Oh, it's here.
Two crowded three and too many illegal aliens only has one.
Now how do you like that?
That's interesting.
It just went on there.
It just went on there recently, but it's only got one.
So in other words, they're not concerned about so much illegal aliens.
They're concerned about the ones the wet food dry food wet back ones.
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
How do you talk about the night line that was on last week with...
I know why it's night line, but no, I have it.
Well, Ashcroft's new a vicinity program where they're prosecuting in this particular case
a movie maker from Pittsburgh who made a porno with some clowns in it or something.
And they...
He was just climbing around.
And then they had Ashcroft spokesman, a close crop-haired German guy named,
a Schnicklegruber, oh.
You understand the shnapper keeps track of every one.
Yes.
It had to take you back 50 years if you watched this show because this guy and they kept asking,
Ted Coppel, kept asking, well, where are you going to draw the line?
Where is it going to be Condoleesa?
Where are you going to draw?
And the guy kept going, well, this is a horrible problem.
And then they switched to the prosecutor who was like another, you know, butch...
Not sure.
You know, Ashcroft has been...
Because, oh, this is a terrible problem.
And he goes, well, there's supposedly going to do this country wide now.
They're going to...
This is probably the major domestic story that's happening right now that these people are...
You know, they kept...
The cops kept saying, well, where's the line?
Where's the line?
Now, this is a film with clowns in it or this or that.
Where are you guys going to...
Oh, there's a community standards and they use it all to family values nonsense.
And they're having prosecutors actually go out there country wide with his squad to do this kind of stuff.
Uh-huh.
I didn't know if you noticed or anybody caught me about it, but it was a chilling, chilling program.
Well, under the Patriot Act, if you look at anybody cross-eyed, any right-winger cross-eyed, they can put you away and they don't have to tell anybody where you are and if you're ever getting out.
Yeah, but they keep saying, well, this will never happen and it's free speech.
Right, right.
When we're...
You know, we're compassionate or we don't...
We don't...
You know, Ashcroft has said, well, what's horrible now?
Well, the line is a lot of gray area, especially when it comes to free speech.
Ever since 9-11, they just make it up as they go along.
Now, let's just use...
Speaking of which, the other thing I wanted to ask you about, last year at this time Bush went to the United Nations himself and gave a speech.
Right.
And he said, well, we know all these things about Iraq.
We know all these things.
We can't tell you because it's part of intelligence.
Right.
But we know all these things.
Now the war happened six months later in March and now it's six months after that.
Where are all these things?
Where are any of these things?
How about the maps that Colin Powell was holding up and insisting everybody, this is where they are.
We know that they're there, Yadi Yadi.
Where's all the crap?
Yeah, well, those were like three-four baby milk factories.
They must have found that along with the road map, the piece in the Middle East that seems to hit a couple of bumpy spots.
But where are all these people, kiddin'?
Where's anything?
I mean, it's like the bird.
Where's anything?
To play anything?
Exactly, right.
Where's all of anything?
And here I'm looking at this article in the National Post this morning up here in Netherlands,
O.K.'s marijuana for medical use, as the rest of the world continues becoming more progressive,
more open-minded, more realistic, more compassionate, and we got a bunch of Nazis running America.
Well, what about the just cured a guy's heart with his own stem cells?
Right.
That's right.
Oh, we don't want to do that because we don't want to piss off those religionists.
Well, if the guy's owned it now, this is not even from another person.
His own stem cells cured his heart.
Yeah.
They want the block of them so research because of some nonsense.
And Chris Reeves had to go to Italy to try to, you know, get some help.
Well, Neil Reeves had to walk again some time in his lifetime.
Keep up the good fight, man.
Thanks a lot, Palli.
Thank you.
28 past 11 at 5.60 WQM, down with Bush.
No Bush, man.
That's it.
No Bush.
I told you that a long time ago.
You wouldn't listen to me.
Right.
Save it off.
Well, shit.
Shame on you, man.
Shame on you.
See, I was in such a good mood.
Now I'm thinking of that.
Oosing open.
You know, VIP sportsbook.com is South Florida's best sportsbook.
You know, this is the time of the day that all the sports books do their big song of dance, the big pony show and dog, and make misleading offers to you.
But did you know that 99% of these bookies are located in the jungles of course, the Rika.
You might never even see those folks again.
So this year, move up in class.
Protect yourself by doing business with VIP sportsbook.com.
I said this year, make the switch to VIP sportsbook.com to the oldest, the largest sportsbook in the highly progressive and reliable Netherlands.
100% legal in license, too.
Listen to me and call VIP sportsbook.com now at 1-866 VIP bets.
They're the best in town.
Don't listen to the sun of the pucks we got on the year because they just they wouldn't know they're asked from your elbow.
Sign up right now.
You can bet on all the South Florida football and basketball teams.
Juice free all year long.
You want to bet on the dolphins?
It's 100 to 100.
You want to bet on the hercones?
It's 100 to 100.
So forget about that vigorous.
Forget about Abe Vagoda.
All suns gets a 20% cash bonus.
Not some funny money max played bonus.
VIP sportsbook.com online or column tool free.
At 1-866 VIP bets.
The phone number again is 866 VIP bets.
Tell me heard about it on the world flaming TheaRodges show on QAM.
VIP sportsbook.com where you be the VIP column now.
1-866 VIP BETS.
Live and local.
Here sports radio 560.
You a.m.
Up the button.
Want to run a time?
Not tomorrow.
Pushed a problem on my eyes.
He was far over par when he heard about the U.N. strike.
He has a leap.
He rushes back to Crawford Ranch.
Priorities confirmed.
Eventually he'll deal with this thing.
Left of fishing.
But she's gonna take off for the time that he can.
When the problem's gone he's taking time off land.
While the terrorists fought and know the plan can't get you tail.
Pushes working on a tan.
Whoa, well the wind.
Pushes never down.
Ever he's a vacation elsewhere.
Whoa, he's never down.
He's gonna say no to boost.
11-32-5-60.
Another negative story coming out of a bank.
By the way something.
Yes, Miguel's there.
Oh, that's interesting.
Because once again, I guess this is the new deal.
Whenever Doreen, whenever she finally gets done and he finishes servicing that bitch.
Then he takes the van out and does these van hits for our best of meal stuff.
So Miguel is there at the Shell Station, corner of 27th Avenue.
And the US-1 and Coral Gables.
All those people on South Day, they're always belly,
they can hear central whatever you would call that.
There is in the Gables.
Shell Station, corner 27th Avenue.
West and Eale, 2002 and 2003 CDs.
The Mohawar David of Keychain.
Do we have any more to Matt Dog-1's or not?
Yes.
Oh, when you come down reaching back for the story.
Miguel is now from now until whenever you're leaving.
So in the Gables, all you know, speaking English people, whoever they'll see George,
where were you that you raised only 40 bucks?
Oh, that was it, the Bill Siles.
Yeah, 36.
Where did you sell it to man?
Nobody there.
It's so a guy.
It's so much a guy.
You got an asymmetry for us.
He's thinking, who are you?
Car bomb hits near Baghdad Police Station.
They call those jacket fans.
They're a Rocky member of police personnel killed and blasted.
A car bomb exploded this morning.
You were a Baghdad Police Station worker.
That's a undergoing training for the country's new police force.
A US military representative said the blast killer in Iraqi described as police personnel.
Whatever that means.
The representative didn't say the victim was a police man.
Some injuries also reported ambulance is rushed to the scene as well as US forces who
cordoned off the area in western Baghdad.
Video showing on Arabic language TV network Al-Jazeera showed a fire and thick black smoke rising from the scene.
How come I don't see that on my TV?
A public as a march in the city pulse.
A police official said the facility is still in honor.
Special report on the state of the state with Lou Dobbs.
Oh, that asshole.
That butt sucking asshole.
That bush looking jerk.
Lou Dobbs.
You're an idiot Lou.
You suck.
Man, I tell you one thing.
If his brain was as big as his ego, he'd have something.
What a jerk.
You ever watch him?
Yeah, nothing if I can help it.
Right.
Hey, the man.
Oh, and by the way, guess who's dead and he doesn't know it yet.
I give up.
He's still wearing a George Washington wig.
Louis Rukhizer.
That was the big coup that they made after they kicked his old ass.
Oh, he's a little ass off PBS.
Who?
So, see, Louis Rukhizer, the financial guru that boring old guy that looks like, he looks like
I'm his grandpa.
The bad news is I'm his back this morning.
He's still dead.
Louis Rukhizer.
He sits there like he's motionless.
His face is like the ghost of Rukhizer and he's wearing a George Washington powdered wig.
You know how I like the British, the jurists do in Britain, you know?
Yes, the baddest.
The baddest there is where it was the old powdered wigs because there are a bunch of stodgy old farts.
We're still in an astonage with their kings and queens and princes and princes and all
this other crap.
What a polyg garbage.
The only thing we got left to do here, the only work we have left in Canada is getting
that old bitch off the currency.
Oh, man.
They want to put a queen on the currency.
How about Harvey Firestein or you?
Or me?
It could put me on the currency.
That'd be good for a few yaks.
Why not?
I'm hell of a lot younger and lovely than that old bitch.
That old smelly...
...sunt.
Netherlands, okay, is marijuana for medical use?
First to make drug available through pharmacies, the Netherlands yesterday became the world's
first country to make cannabis available as a prescription drug and pharmacies to treat cancer,
HIV and multiple sclerosis patients, the health ministry and Amsterdam be saying that's an Amsterdam,
which has made a comeback by the way, the green light is on, you can still go there.
Well, they want you, I mean, I'm so tired of...
Oh, how come you don't look like Amsterdam, you know?
I love it.
Especially compared to South Florida.
Oh, compared almost anywhere in the US.
The Netherlands is making the drug widely available to chronically ill patients amid pressure on
countries such as Britain, Canada, Australia and the US to relax restrictions on its supplies
of medicine.
Yeah, hold your breath while the DEA is busy rating legal places in California where they're
growing a pot for desperate people who are sick.
That way, you see, I mean, the differences are so stark and so glaring.
Are the American people really that stupid?
They don't understand the difference between like real life and being living as an oppressed,
piece of crap, being treated like garbage, like a bunch of lemons.
On auto was approved to limited use of marijuana for medical purposes,
granting medical exemptions to about 500 patients while a conducts trials to examine
the drugs therapeutic of benefits.
Dutch doctors will be allowed to prescribe marriage when we need to treat chronic pain, nausea and loss of appetite
in cancer and HIV patients to alleviate MS sufferers spasm pains and reduce physical or verbal
ticks in people suffering from Tourette's Syndrome.
From September 1, 2003, pharmacies can provide medical cannabis to patients with prescription
from a doctor.
Cannabis has a beneficial effect for many patients, the health ministry said.
How do you like this?
This is the National Health Ministry of the Netherlands saying making that statement.
The Netherlands, where prostitution in the sale of chemists and coffee shops are regulated by the government,
has the history of pioneering social reforms.
It was also the first country to legalize euthanasia.
There's a lot of euthanasia, probably too many of them.
Two companies in the Netherlands have been given licenses to grow special strains of cannabis
in lifestyle conditions to sell to the health ministry, which in turn packages the drugs
is supplied to pharmacies.
You got that?
I got it.
The companies supply it to the health ministry and then they intern package it and send it along to the pharmacies.
As well as pharmacies, 80 hospitals and 400 doctors will be allowed to dispense five grand doses of SIM,
SIMM-18, medical marijuana for 66 bucks a tub and a more potent bedrock hand at 105.
You also got a picture of a Vorny Flintstone in bedrock.
What?
There's a picture of it right here.
There's the tub.
Cannabis floss, it says.
Be sure and floss after you chew this.
They're not supposed to chew it, you idiot.
Cannabis floss, fund it, territ.
Look at that.
It's in Dutch.
Sim 185 gram.
How do you like them apples, huh?
There's the real world and then there's George Bush's version of what used to be the United States.
That's the difference.
The real world and what used to be a great country, but now George Bush is turning into a repressive,
fascist piece of crap in neo-Nazi state.
The neo-cons, my ass.
Neo-Nazis is what they are.
Absolutely correct.
Amen.
And how does misfudge feel over the good girlfriend, the misculture,
consorting with a bunch of neo-Nazis who'd like to put your ass in an oven right now, okay?
They love to put your faggotty ass in a guy of them oven right now.
Who then you kiddin' misfudge?
Yes, like what's just like with David Brock?
Once they're through using your ass and once they've squeezed all of the propaganda benefit out of your ass,
they'd like to march you right into a guy of them oven Pronto Tonto, okay?
What a disgrace.
What an embarrassment.
The Alice Rand tells in the misfudges of the world,
at least David Brock saw the light, maybe better late than ever, you know how that goes.
Right.
And Rich Pacti, I noticed there's still no facts from Rich Pacti, from the Pacti factor.
What time is this you're gonna be on?
And speaking of big shots, Bill O'Reilly did a show show up in the numbers.
This radio show in South Florida has still has a zero.
Now, I'm the only one that's telling you that because all of these other people,
you know what the problem is in America?
Oh.
I mean, out of many, nevermind, would you?
Too many suckups.
You know what I mean?
You were asking yesterday and you're pulled about the media.
Too many suckups.
Everybody wants to write it like this Rich Pacti thing.
It's a puff piece.
Where is the meat?
Like Clara Peller would say, you idiot.
Where is the freaking beef?
You suckling no wonder, Paul Harvard Jr.
wishes you would croak a wicked death.
My life and loco.
This is 4405-60.
You weigh in, you weigh in.
New God.
The temperature is zero.
It is cold.
It is so freaking cold.
And I cringe every time the wind blows.
In my pants, something is shrinking.
I'm so cold I can't lip-sync.
That's because it's zero baby.
And I cannot feel my toes.
There's a tingling in my fingers.
And my pride that parts are broken.
Oh, my nose is about to fall off.
There's a cloud every time that I call.
And my hands are blue.
They are turning on.
They might have you dead, my thoughts.
That's because it's zero baby.
I can barely move my mouth, corner.
I'm a red hot Latin lover.
But first I need to be thought out.
Yes, I need to be thought out.
That's because it's zero.
Oh, 45.
Cut the crap.
I'm going to step on me again.
I'll do it again.
I'll do it again.
I'll do it again.
14 to noon at 5.
435.
435.
435.
I'm going to step on me again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
I'm going to step on you again.
We don't like him no more.
I'm not saying he had to do a sliced job on his guy,
he's not saying he had to do a sliced job on his guy.
Why does it have to be a suck up?
why does everything on the local paper as a suck up?
ического, Hollywood.
I can't stand.
I can't stand.
I can accumulate it all my experiences and my travels.
I cannot stand faggots.
Oh my god.
I'm not talking about gay people, okay?
Because that would be bad, because that would mean I would hate myself.
No, I just, a flavor.
Huh?
Flamers, you're talking about...
I can't, I'm not just talking about the way that they, not that.
Because people, most of them, can't help that.
Right.
They're not like freaky Carlos out there who goes out of her way to be a flaming silly obnoxious queen.
I'm not talking that.
I'm just talking about people who are just...
Out of control flaming queens.
You know what I'm talking about?
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I don't want to be around them.
I don't want to be near them.
And even if they look good, which they almost never do.
But even if they did, I wouldn't touch them with your hand or tongue or whatever.
I just can't deal with it.
They're a tad annoying.
I really don't.
I don't like faggots.
And they're bad for all the rest of us, like me and a few of the others in that building.
I don't want to mention no names, because they're some of them in the closet.
Right.
By clearance.
I just thought I would say that, because it's not going to do any good.
It's not going to change anybody's behavior.
But I mean, pushy obnoxious faggots who just are out of control, always like in heat, like a butterfly.
Don't want to be around those people.
Don't want to be near them.
That's why, like, you know, these pride parades, like the big one they had here, like several weeks ago, I don't want to see it.
Now, maybe 90% of the people in there are like very respectable, fine, decent.
And I'm not talking to get about the affectations that they have no control over.
But I'm talking about the real, you know what I mean.
I don't want to dwell on these names, people.
Right.
Yeah, right.
Linky news sites, Matt Rudd creates an Internet success rights rich factor.
He used to be a good friend of his program up until this morning.
Matt Rudd, Internet personality, is a self-styled seeker of truth, specifically of hidden and obscured truths.
Yeah, like the misinformation he printed about this show and at Whole Cafe in Harris episode,
that he breathlessly put on here in the front, not too many about a month ago.
Total bull crap.
And he knew it because he was listening to the guy at the show.
If there's a drudge brand, he'd like to convey it.
So the relentless, rumpled, ever-vigilant newsman.
Also about the thing about how we killed Sodom's kids the first time.
Remember that?
Uh-huh.
Were they dead then?
No.
And chemical Ali.
Chemical Ali who died about 40.
How many times did he die before he finally got his ass in the ground?
About third, man.
The truth is less dramatic rights for a cheap actor.
From his Miami Beach condo, Drudge Monitor's television news channels and websites on three computers
set up in his home orifice.
Using Windows XP and other office shelf software, he updates his website, drudgerport.com several times a day.
Contributors to traditional print and broadcast media sometimes derisively befrid a drudge
who gain national notoriety for his postings during the Clinton Lewinsky affair as a gossip monger or worse.
Yeah, worse.
But Drudge 36 is turned drudgerport.com into quite a tidy enterprise.
By his own estimate before.
See, here you go.
Nobody, I don't care who it is, unless they've got a mammoth ego.
A gigantic ego much larger than their penis.
Talks about, you know, wait till you hear this number.
By his own estimate, the former convenience store clerk makes about 1.2 million a year, including revenue from his nationally syndicated something that radio show which years locally on WIOD.
Now, do you know what I'm talking about?
I do.
Nobody, unless they just got a big fat pop as ego says, oh well here's how much I mean.
If nobody asked me how much I make, I say,
Nanya as a Nanya business.
And by the way, Matt, it's more than you do.
His internet site is mainly a portal at index of news stories that appear on newspaper and wire service websites.
He writes catchy headlines for his top links,
on med and by his own stories based on tips from his virtual network of internet informants.
Many employed by mainstream print and broadcast outlets.
He's also a screaming bag.
No, it doesn't say that.
Should.
Much of his information during the Clinton impeachment investigation came from leaks from journalists and political operatives.
So what does that make drudge?
A screaming bag.
A self-hating right wing piece of crap.
That doesn't say that either.
But it should.
I'm a newth man and not a journalist.
He said in a recent interview, not a thiber, this or that.
Oh, he's a cyber something.
He's a cyber flamer.
Since his site is primarily composed of links to stories on other sites and is a weblog, commonly called a blog.
How about a blogger?
Nope, sounds too much like Bouger, he said.
Oh, I mentioned that's something you know something about.
Yeah, Bouger.
How about Bouger?
Yeah, I bet he knows a lot about that.
Don't you think?
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
You buggering idiot.
Drudge describes his own politics as libertarian with a small ill.
Though his part is a catalyst in what's some called the vast right wing conspiracy that precipitated the impeachment hearings brought him a dedicated right-of-center following which he continues to cultivate since he's a self-hating fact, right wing fact.
Doesn't say that, but it should.
See, there's light you left out of here, Rich Pacti.
Make believe, uh, Journalist, what a-
I don't even understand what this is.
I thought Rich Pacti was like a record promoter or something.
He's wrong.
What do you do?
Anything he can.
He's just a little bit of this and a little bit of that.
He's just like, what is that all about?
I bet you're Rich Pacti left those logs in the toilet.
Because, boy, they're sure some crap on this article.
And that goes on about his nationwide radio Sunday Night Radio Show.
And the radio show is a news talk programers dream W.I.D. program director, the anxious Peter Boulder said,
Oh, he's starting to quote that as.
Oh, what does that say, yeah?
And judging by the show's ratings, it's a listeners delight as well.
Dredge also fills in Fritwillie for Tampa's Todd Smith, who show also wears on W.I.O.D.
You know, it's really interesting for a guy that calls and faxes us all the time.
Rich Pacti, that this is nothing but a puff piece for a mess Dredge in I.O.D.
He has such positive energy, Boulder said, we always look forward to him coming to the W.I.D. studios.
Dredge also did a weekly show for Fox on TV last year, but it ended after a year.
Though still based in California at that time, he said Fox California.
He said Fox insisted to show originated from its New York studios.
He asked we ask but book frequent layovers in South Florida and relocated here in time to celebrate New Year's Eve 2000.
He avoids most investment and banks his money.
He said, because he doesn't know how long his site and his reign were last.
Oh, several more days.
What happens if everyone changes charges for Conta?
He has already started who will be left to link to.
Yeah, that will be a problem for us too if we can't put any links on here.
Well, our website got a business.
No, because that's not how we make our livelihood.
And of course Eric, he don't make any money just to leave real love.
My life and love.
This is Fort Real by City.
You ain't too a yeah.
Hey, I'm Fra, Ili and I, and I like scrubbing my slimy grillers with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the new Roque, Amuniste Hour.
Take care!
All right.
Welcome.
Let me tell you about who I am.
You can take your class days.
It's a lot of what the times it takes.
This didn't turn out the way.
How it started, I don't know much.
A long and two Christopher Lo.
Ain't nothing like a voice down the hoop.
This didn't turn out the way.
This didn't turn out the way.
This didn't turn out the way.
Yeah, this didn't turn out the way.
Mebrace avoid.
Let's fly.
iggle Slide in, slide out.
Wash could need, move the trophy.
Push the crap.
Yeah, this didn't turn out the way.
Fistin' is the latest thing, but get yourself to pass on the...
Ooh, man, those hemorrhoids can't lead.
Fistin' from out of way, with lots of people seem to like.
You know you may even find, dirty white and Henry's hide.
Fistin' from out of way, yeah, Fistin' from out of way.
Everybody who breathes cage, yeah, Fistin' from out of way.
Fistin' from out of way, Fistin' from out of way.
And Mr. Y, we fallin'.
Red Y.
Light in.
Light out.
Combo one at five sixty WQI.
You know who I discovered, I got a anonymous fast, who likes to dress up and ladies, Brian panties.
Bob removed our corporate chief engineer.
Can you imagine that?
Can you see that?
Can you visualize that lovely green bra and those fashionable lace panties?
Man, what a sight.
Just like a ballerina, like a ballerina.
So why green?
That's a good question.
You'll have to ask old Bob.
Remember Bob Green?
What's the biggest problem with South Florida?
That's our pull question on neo-rodgers.com.
There's another one, you know something?
There's some other ones we could have put on there, but I guess it would be like piling on.
Right.
Mr. Drudge lives here.
OJ lives here.
See what I'm sayin'?
Sure.
You're gonna put that punch on it but we won't.
That'd be piling on.
Too many Cubans ninety seven.
A lot of people out there little frustrated with all the no-spigating lace crowd and with that-
I had that crowd, you know, they're always screaming in the-
The Latin Grammys.
How did that work out?
Was that-
Is that over with?
No, I had no idea.
Come on.
You are watching Channel Four Enough, Mr.
No, I'm not.
You better get it.
You're gonna get it.
You don't-
You don't know what a Latin Grammys is or was or like that?
No.
None of the above.
Well, but Channel Four was promoting the like the living crap out of it for days.
Is that-
It's a lady that gave me that guy.
Is that lady?
That's the girl.
See, I think it's great.
It was a good idea.
You gave me to put that in the VCS.
Boy, it's a two-bed.
You don't have a lot of good stuff in your DCS like I have here and you're not getting this one, by the way.
No chance.
All right.
Now, it's just not gonna work out because I'm just not gonna be gone from here that long.
You know, I'll be there a few days here and-
It doesn't-
It doesn't-
It's there.
You're under the wrong impression.
It doesn't make a difference to yours.
It's not like you only have one up there.
I don't understand.
You have more than one hard drive.
I have more than one hard drive.
You have more than one hard drive.
You have your primary and your backup.
All they have to do is switch out either one of them.
Everything that you have is still already in there and here for that matter.
Are you sure?
Are you sure they just update each other, positive?
Yeah.
Positive.
Well, I'll think about it.
I much rather would give you guys a lot more work down there.
Got that, right?
Yes.
That the Latin Grammys are tomorrow night.
All right.
Let's hear it for Scott.
All right.
Let's go to your, by the way.
See, now we have a problem again.
Come on.
We finished the Carlos problem.
No, we had to get rid of Beenerboy because we have two-
You can't have two people with the same name, you know?
Yeah.
And-
And just confusing.
So we have freaky Carlos out of the front desk and he's never gonna leave
because he got pictures of Greg with every female in the building.
So he's never gonna leave.
And then we had the Beenerboy Carlos and of course he's gone.
We have another Carlos still over here in programming.
Oh, yeah.
Carlos Viguri.
Take Carey.
Whatever hell his name is.
Al Segiri.
Mary.
Right.
Quite a good guy.
He's Cuban and he's Heary.
But at any rate, so we got the three Carlos's, we wait till my-
No, but I'm talking about people who are like known to the audience.
They don't know from Carlos Al Viguri.
Right.
And then we have two Scott's.
We got Scott Farrell, which everybody knows now and loves.
Who's a real hoot and a real pervert and we like that.
And then we got Scott Jr. there who's like, you know,
you replaced Beenerboy.
Other Scott.
Scott Jr.
No, wait, I don't want to say other Scott.
Just like that, I'll be Chuck rap.
I mean, that was, I think that I think that contributed to his problems.
You know, no, no.
Which I don't want to get in any details of what his problems were.
But he just had some personal problems that like overwhelmed the whole situation.
And we gave him about a bunch of chances.
But then that was it.
We just said no more, you know.
And then were you told him that day when I said.
No, no, no, no.
That was great.
That was outstanding.
We could do that again in a million years.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Oh, wow.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Bravo.
Oh, wow.
I loved it.
It was a absolutely beautiful thing.
Okay, let's quit screwing around here.
Okay, let's do a talk show for a couple of hours.
Those two thought I got a lot of stuff here.
Rich fact that it rich sent us the facts that apologize for this ass.
That's sucking collar.
No, and he never will.
Because that's how Florida for you.
A bunch of phonies, man.
There are too many phonies, too many butt liquors, too many people who want to lie.
Too many klingons, you know.
Dingelberries.
That's what the fix it said this morning.
He said, quick pick it on my dingelberries.
Who was saying that the beast?
Well, one of them were both of them.
Of course, the beast will agree with whatever Scott says.
You know, because the beast is just a suck up.
That's what Clarence said.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Retire.
No, there he is in Miami.
You know what?
He couldn't get through our line six.
Retire.
How about retiring to the magic room and leaving a few floaters there for the rest of the world?
Okay, to see what you're really all about.
Here's a call from Bal Harbor.
Hello.
Hey, Neal.
How you doing?
Love you, show a Neal.
Yes, sir.
You're a call for the poll because I don't have the...
No, I'm not a chronic.
Okay, and I was just talking out loud.
Okay, I don't have a computer Neal.
And I heard that for a fact, we Cubans are the problem here in South Florida.
And the reason why you don't have that driving there is because if we don't have us here, driving will be better.
And you'll choose.
Well, also George, they mentioned to you Neal that being a Cuban and eating ass, it goes hand in hand.
Hand in hand?
Right.
You'll end it hand.
Neal, on a serious note.
Now, I didn't know Dwight Lutterdale was Cuban.
Huh?
Or Ann Bishop.
Now, I think Dwight's half-recon.
And then closing, half-recon.
He said, he said, half-recon-American.
Have a great day, pal.
He could out of here, you're done.
Put while you were head, geez.
And that was excellent, George.
He's a half-recon-American.
That is...
Oh, right.
Standing.
I love it.
That's what it judges best lines of all time.
To my...
What's his name, Neal?
He probably snorted.
I said, what's his name?
I didn't...
I mentioned his name.
Oh, yeah.
No name.
No.
Now, stop it.
See?
I do the thing.
I know it.
And right off the bat, you've got to like push it over to your...
Oh, his push and push and push it.
That's what parents would say about the name.
He's always pushing it.
In his direction.
Although he wasn't complaining, actually, he was like...
Krilling.
What's the biggest problem?
You know, it's amazing.
If the audience only had any idea that's all...
I call him on Sunday.
Okay, we always say, it's a holiday weekend.
I didn't want to bother him.
But I knew I had to get it hold of somebody to get the wheels in motion very slowly at that place,
especially in the holidays, because we had a technical or with a connection up here.
Okay?
On that end, of course, in South Florida.
And finally, Clarence calls back and leaves me a message about how he's...
He just...
The beast just pulled out and...
How could there I interrupt it?
You know, that's all he talks about.
Is his inter...
Rectal.
Rectal activities with the beast.
Man.
And this is our program director, and you wonder why we're up again it?
For all wonders, why the hell this is the most...
See, this is a place...
I don't want to get...
I got off on a tent, it's your fault.
I don't know.
But this radio station is a place that succeeds tremendously, not because of itself, but in spite of itself.
That's the amazing part.
We could all do that.
The sales department, the engineering department, the management, which believe me, you don't want to hear about Greg's read.
I mean, it's just astonishing shocking.
But it's nice to know the kid crew is cleaning out his desk.
I wonder if he's got those naked pictures of Anna Squeak and that gigantic ass he used to rape about.
I'll be right back.
He gets upset when I talk about that.
No, he's a good guy.
We like kid crew.
We like John Jarris.
Yes, we like Maddie Bell a little bit.
Well, I like Maddie Bell.
You like him because you got a personal ass to grind.
Now, he's okay.
He's okay, plus he's a little Jew.
Plus, he's short, so you ought to relate to him.
That's right.
Who else are you like?
Tony the Tiger.
I'll tell you who we really like a lot.
We got some nice people in the sales department like Adam.
Adam's a nice guy, a little boring.
But, uh, Troy Stratford.
Now, there's, you know, I almost start thinking that I'm not racist no more when Troy comes in.
Because he's a pretty dark, you know.
Yeah.
No, he is.
He's a real deal.
He's not African American.
He's all African, whatever.
He's all African.
He's deep.
Is he really?
That's what Clarence said about the beast.
But that's a good guy, Troy Stratford.
Now, what didn't he wear number 23?
Maybe Scott would know.
I don't think so, though.
I'm the dolphins.
He don't know from dolphins.
Mark Higgs was number 22.
Huh?
The who?
Not the who.
What language is he speaking into?
Who?
He's from Jersey.
He don't know from dolphins.
Oh, they're from the dolphins.
Okay.
He's probably one of those jet fans.
I hope not.
Because if you turn out to be a jet fan, we're going to throw your ass on the mohower David Hitchow.
No, sir.
Thank God.
Maybe a giant fan?
No, sir.
And when you're not a dolphin fan, come on, spill it.
Come on.
Let's hear it.
Don't be such a pussy, okay?
If you're going to have a bone dancer.
You're what?
Oh, yeah.
What a pussy, man.
What?
He's not even an honor here.
Purson is too afraid to tell us to admit.
I mean, even more admitted that David nobody was listening.
It was a jet fan.
All right.
He was 23.
There you go.
Once again.
No, good.
Comes through.
What a memory.
You know what?
Seriously, I'm not joking about this.
You hear me say it a million times.
I'll say it again.
If my mind could trap the important things, I strive desperately to remember.
You know, like where I just put my glasses or anything.
Sure.
Life would be so pleasant.
But my mind is just, it's saturated.
When you get to be an old far like me, there's no room left at the inn.
You know?
And as a result, my mind is loaded with all these obscure things.
Like, Tristrad for its uniform number with a dolphin.
The Omar's Jr. wins by 10 lengths with a horse called Chocloxoda at Hazel Park.
Rape Croc wins with a horse called the Happy Trip by 15 lengths at Jackson Harness Raceway.
I remember these things like they were yesterday.
And then each, see, I'm not really that keen on how I know that most of the brain is not functioning.
We still haven't developed a good chunk of the brain.
Never mind.
In most of our management.
But the fact is that whatever part of my brain is working, it's loaded with crap.
Maybe that's why.
Maybe there's a little thing there that forces me when I see a public toilet where somebody has forgotten to flush.
I just feel like I'm responsible for getting rid of the crap in the world.
You don't say?
You're just a good guy.
How many other people do you think would stand there?
I mean, I can walk right out, you know?
I do.
But I want to get rid of it.
And I certainly don't want to sit down there and do I think what I want to do.
I don't want to see the marriage of the turrets.
I don't know.
You hear it?
You don't want to know about it?
No, that's dangerous.
I mean, they might not be from the same family.
You know, might be incestuous or something or whatever.
It could cause a chemical reaction.
You turn.
12 minutes passed, no.
The beast is doubted 250-fold.
Now, I will say this.
He was doubted 220-6.
He started this thing at 284, balanced for life last year.
And he lost, uh, what was it?
58 pounds.
And now if you go back to the 284, he's lost.
I'm 30, man.
He went 54 because he went out.
I know.
It's interesting.
He went off at it and he was desperate to give back on it because he knows that we're going to keep him alive.
And you can do the same thing because everybody and their brother now is fat.
I think George and Scott there and who else and Scott for real.
How many not fat people do we have in the middle of Greg?
That looks pretty good.
By the way, stuff he said to John Hypochund, we're tired of it.
A clearance, he's not fat.
No.
And that's it.
John Gerruss has got a little punch.
Oh, Maggie Bell, he's skinny too.
Right.
But everybody out right.
Perry's got a puppet, right?
A little bit.
Yeah.
How they do a fat world that's getting fatter by the minute and not say, if you don't care how you look, that's one thing.
But if you're out of shape, it's bad for your health and you become diabetic.
And then you can't eat most of the stuff you love like me.
And then you die.
That's the way it works.
Balance for life is the answer a lot of you folks are looking for because they do all the figuring out for you.
You don't have to worry about, well, what can I buy in the store?
Because you don't buy anything in the store.
They do all the figuring.
There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting.
They deliver right here dough, a little black sack, all your food for the entire days in there every day.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks.
It's all in there.
And you get to choose between two alternatives for each meal and snack every day.
It's around a program.
You fill out your little menu, you thanks it back to them once a week.
That's it.
So all you have to do.
And then just grab that sack.
Grab your sack at 6 a.m.
Let balance for life help you lose that weight once and for all if you're frustrated.
If you tried every other weight loss program out of the sun, it would have been ripped off for a zillion dollars like most people.
And you're still fat and out of shape.
Here could be the answer you're looking for.
Call balance for life today and check this out.
Call 954-568-3229.
568-3229 you'll start seeing results within just days on that scale.
Or check them out of the web at balanceforlife.com.
5 and a local 565-61.
The radio's on yours now.
Pewam!
No by 16 W Pewam!
Welcome to Who Wants To Be California's Next Governor.
I'm your host, Rages.
And here are today's contestants.
Superstar of the Silver Screen, Arnold Sporthanecker.
Superstar Child Actor Gary Coleman.
And finally, Superstar of the Poorn Industry. Larry Flin.
Welcome to you all.
Now, let's play Who Wants To Be California's Next Governor.
Here's your first question.
Pans on those buzzes.
In good luck.
Question number one.
What is the capital of California?
Arnold Sporthanecker would be called from Hagen's.
Oh, sorry.
Larry?
Not only is it the capital of California, but it's the porn capital of the world.
Los Angeles.
Oh, sorry.
No.
Gary.
I should know, fool.
Well, you buzzed in.
What you talking about, Rages?
Well, let's move on to question two.
Gentlemen, spell California.
Gary.
What?
Well, you buzzed in again.
Huh?
I just went to my probation office yesterday and I'm clean.
I ain't buzzing on nothing.
Arnold.
T-E-R-M-I-N-A-T-O-R.
You just spelled Terminator.
Correct.
And it's now playing at a theater near you.
Larry.
C-A-L.
Good.
I-F-O-R-N-I.
You're almost home.
C-A-T-E.
Well, Larry.
You just spelled California.
I'm elected governor.
That's what we're changing the name to.
Well, all right, hand.
Question number three.
Hands on the buzzers and good luck.
According to the most recently adopted California tax code,
what is the maximum amount of non-reported income
that can be itemized on a Dendom Phone 17D
without incurring a penalty?
Arnold.
Breach.
I would like to use my phone a friend and call my wife Maria.
I'm sorry, Arnold.
You have no more phone a friend's left.
Bama.
You see, she handles the jackboard.
Hmm.
Larry.
Texas.
Who pays taxes?
If I'm elected, nobody's going to have to pay a damn dime.
I see.
Gary.
Now, Regis, I've been working as a security guard
over the Fresno Mall since 84.
And this dude, Mike, he's got to be paying me under the table, you know?
But I promise, if I'm elected governor, I'll make enough money to know what the hell you talking about.
Ha ha.
Call my husband's getting paid under the table.
Careful, you don't bump your head down there.
Huh?
Now, I know you just didn't make a joke about me being short.
What are you going to do about it, little man?
At least I don't sound like some Australian kangaroo.
I'm from Austria, you moronic midget.
You know, if I wasn't so damn busy, proofreading the September issue of Husband Amazing,
I'd get out of this wheelchair and shut your boughler.
What you talking about, Larry?
I would like to take both of you and twist you into strulers.
Oh, y'all got something.
I will not take much of this for you to vote.
Oh, what do you know?
It looks like we're out of time.
We should join us again for another exciting episode of Who Wants To Be The Governor of California.
I'm Regis.
We're out of here.
We're out of here.
Oh, where the drunk Hankeley Jr. wants out.
He wants unsupervised visits and the answer will be no chance.
Do you think there's any chance?
No.
Damn, all that better not be.
Here's a lady in Hialeah.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Great. How are you doing?
Very good.
Neil, I just wanted to, because I haven't been able to get a hold of you lately.
I just wanted to welcome you back.
I'm glad you're back.
It's nice to hear your voice.
And please tell Horde Hay not to take over again.
Okay, don't take over again, Jorge.
Okay, and you know what?
Moffo's gotta go.
Okay.
I'm glad you're back.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
I see I liked her.
She was very good, even though she hates you.
But she don't hate you.
She just said don't take over again.
Okay.
Maybe that doesn't mean don't do the show again, although I think it might.
But don't take over yet.
We're gonna do that pull in a few days once we get to a whole audience.
I mean, once people are back from the summer trip, right?
And we'll take the poll and say, I thought you did a fine job this summer.
I didn't hear too many minutes.
Maybe that's all I heard.
But I didn't hear like a whole lot of complaints.
You know, everyone went pretty happy.
Had some of the people looking you're asking because they know you're into that.
Saying like that teddy guy, I might know.
Jorge kicked ass this summer.
Kick it out.
And saved one ass, saved the life right there in the studio.
Along with Scott, a real Scott.
Both of them actually.
And also Scott Jr.
Sure.
He's quite a being a jet span, huh?
He's not.
I don't believe him because if he was gonna answer the question honestly,
he would immediately have said, I like the redskins or I like his something.
See, but he's not gonna do it.
He's equivocating.
I know a client's his favorite team is.
No, no, I see we're not talking about clearance.
I know what his team is.
It's the butt team.
No, the packers.
The packers, yeah.
See the guys doing stick now because he won't give us an honest answer.
Shame on you.
This is not a good way.
It's not getting off on the right foot.
We like the truth on this show.
Even when it hurts, you want to spend biricing like being a jet span.
Hey, Mo, his family attends the Dolphin Home games with the green and white painted on their
poos.
Is that incredible or what?
And the fact that people are actually seen what's painted on their poos at the game, that's
kind of embarrassing too.
What's the biggest problem with Sound Photo Rascin?
I think the number one problem is that Scott Jr. won't tell us what football team he
likes.
I like the Patriots, I say proudly.
Oh, the undefeated Patriots who went to the corner.
Give it up.
Scott.
Yeah, give it up, Scott.
He's not gonna say it.
They must be something really.
All right, all right.
How about the Titans?
Maybe later.
I got news for you.
If this continues, there won't be any later for you, sweetheart.
What's the biggest problem with Sound Photo?
Too many Cubans 112.
Look at that.
It's double the next category.
Aren't you impressed?
Except for that little lady in Highly's, she was great.
Huh?
That's right.
You don't like her because she don't like you.
Well, that's just the way it is.
You just a hard ass.
Yeah.
Now, rooting at 60, the brutal summer heat humidity in rain 44.
And I apologize to you folks down there for the fact that you're all over the place waiting
in boots up to your ass and it's sunny and beautiful here.
What's the temperature in Toronto right now, George?
Oh, and the good news is October 2nd, Mark that in the calendar.
Okay.
Ernie Eves, the right wing asshole, a premiere of Ontario of this province.
It's an off to the election October the 2th.
He's gonna get his ass booted out.
Oh.
Yeah, let's hear it.
Bye, bye Ernie Eves.
See God created Adam and Eve, not Ernie and Eves.
He's gotta go.
Punt, and he will.
He's gonna get his ass booted out.
And what I just say?
I don't know.
Come on, get with it.
Get with it.
Ernie Eves.
Between you and Mr. B. Calceton there that don't want to tell the ours about the Patriots
and you interrupted.
Oh.
What's the biggest problem with South Florida?
Too many Cubans 1-12, rooting at 60, the brutal summer of stuff 46, crooked politicians
41, too many New Yorkers 37, it's a toilet 28.
Man, somebody flushes it.
Please shove all that stuff in the Everglades.
Too many old people 19, do like they do in Amsterdam, just shove it all in the canals.
That's why they have that beautiful brown water.
They do, the canals are brown.
But at least they don't have things floating around in the toilet.
Although I did have that lovely split level toilet near the first department.
Yeah, it's a good one.
I'm going to talk about that.
That had to be, and I find out that that's a fairly common place in certain parts of
Europe.
They have the split level toilet where you make your deposit and kind of like hangs there
on the ledge hanging out for a while.
And then as you when you flush the water supposedly shows it all down toward the front, not the
rear.
See what I'm saying?
Back down.
Toward the front of the bowl, it is like the opening and everything is supposed to go
bye-bye.
Well, it's a great concept.
Too many old people 19, two crowded 17.
That was the late edition.
Two crowded.
Too many black people 17.
Too many illegal aliens 16.
Too many old Jews 12.
Oi!
Drivers 10.
Drivers not doing nearly as well.
Even though every time we do one of those shows they call it a bitchy name.
But that means that even though that's annoying, it's not in the same category.
Not as it's not as bad.
Absolutely nothing.
It's paradise.
It's really moving up fast now.
It's got...
Yeah.
Aren't you impressed?
Of course that's out of 437.
That's only 2%.
And too many rednecks 8.
I guess we're going to talk about the other parts of Florida.
Too many rednecks would be maybe number one.
Top five.
Because that's all Florida basically is outside of South Florida.
And not that we don't have plenty there.
You got your p-rime and you got your a daVee and you got your plantation acres.
We got a few rednecks out by me.
But generally speaking it's...
I don't know.
Are there any Americans left out there?
No.
And if anybody...
If I ever come there again and somebody has one of those bumper stickers, well last
American leave, please bring the flag.
Oh jeez.
Right off the bat when you see that redneck.
Redneckie man.
Redneckie.
Hate you Cubans and them Jews and them fags and them coons.
Oh man.
Redneckie.
I'm not really big on rednecks you know.
No.
You ever noticed that?
Yeah.
It's a pattern.
I thought I was hiding it.
Twenty six past noon we got the mad dog at two.
We're back to...
Oh right.
Real scheduled today.
We're like almost a real radio station today.
Thanks again to my good close personal buddy Fixit who is one of the few real engineers
I've ever met and all the years I've been in this business.
Have you noticed that?
Yeah.
He's great.
He cares.
He cares but not only is he care but he knows what he's doing.
I know that's a really revolutionary concept in that place.
But here's an engineer who not only talks a good game about well.
Let me see if I can do something but he does it.
He fixes it.
Here's what we call him Fixit.
Jim Boris Yeltsin.
I'm trying to think because he did work at IOD right?
Not while I was there.
Oh no he's like I said.
Boy that goes way back.
He and I go back to INZ.
That's what it was.
To the INZ and Zeta days.
Because I had the feeling.
Now he didn't have that big screwdriver in his pocket.
That was Steve...
What's his name?
Ziggy.
Steve Ziegler.
He had something big in his pocket.
Big Mac.
No.
27 past noon at 560WQM VIP sportsbook.com is big.
It's the biggest support...
Supports a book in South Florida.
You know this time in the year we got...
How many sports books advertise on a station?
About 30 men.
Everyone of them claims to be the biggest.
The best they give you all kinds of big song and events.
They've got some of the underlings on the station doing their spots.
99% of these bookies are in the jungles of Costa Rica.
You might turn your money over to them and never see them again.
This year move up and clash to VIPsportsbook.com.
It's the oldest, the largest sportsbook in the prestigious Radical Netherlands.
100% legal in license 2 have no fear.
So call VIPsportsbook.com right now.
And 1-866 VIP bets because it's South Florida's best sportsbook.
Don't settle for a second best or a turd or a fourth or anything like that.
Sign up right now.
You can bet all the South Florida football and basketball teams.
Juice free all year long.
And God in South Florida everybody would love to be juice free.
Want a bet on the dolphins?
It's 100 to 100.
The dolphins.
Remember Mark Hays used to be 22 and choice Rad for 23?
You want a bet to Hurricane?
It's 100 to 100 so forget about the VIG.
All sign ups get a 20% cash bonus.
Not some funny money match play bonus.
Even the prestigious Dave Hagan knows that these people are the best and he's a plunger.
You know you're aware of that aren't you?
Yes I am.
Plunges his guts out.
His wife is psychotic about it.
Come to forget about bread money.
You don't have two nickels to rub together.
V.I.
Peace.
I beg your pardon?
She works.
And now you know why?
VIPs sportsbook.com check them online or call them at 1-866-VIP vets.
The phone number again is 1-866-VIP vets.
Tell me your heard about it on the most prestigious Near Rogers show here on QAM.
VIPs sportsbook.com they be the best where you always are the VIP.
SPANNED TOOLLY HELL
You never know when the power might go.
Oh no.
Damn it I was almost there.
This is the worst power outed in American history.
And we're out of batteries.
What do I do?
What do I do?
Introducing the Hummer H3 Solar Powered Vibrator.
What was that?
What was that?
That's it?
Hummer.
Need more power?
Then you should get the Hummer H4 nuclear powered kickstart remote control vibrator.
Hummer alternative energy vibrators.
They won't leave you.
Comforty two at five sixty WDQM happy Tuesday to September the tooth.
We got a Zillion.
See now I was going to be between now and two o'clock take a million calls and look
at that.
Now I realize I got impatient because I've been rambling which is fine.
That's okay.
Say la V.
But just what I was going to take a billion calls and out is one call on the board.
That's pretty sad.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pound 5 60 only.
AT&T Verizon Wireless Line.
Anybody call in and say that they wear broad guys, bras and panties?
No.
No.
No.
I think that's a really interesting question.
Which do you find more objectionable eating ass?
But like you said, the Cubans will put us out of business on that.
We'll put you to the end.
Only 10% of our audience is Cuban.
Yeah.
And more than half of that.
So in other words, you think that more than 10% of the guys who listen to the show dress
up in bras and panties.
No, nothing so.
And that's your thing.
It's my thing?
That's your commentary.
Oh, you're talking about the dressing up and I'm talking about eating ass.
Does anybody have any idea what this man is talking about?
At the shell station on the corner of 27th Avenue S1, you'll find a lovely McGail and the
QM van right now with all the best in the Immersion nice and the Mohawk David and Jim
Manage Keychains.
That's in the Gables of the Grove, whichever you prefer.
And we have so far.
240.
Do we really?
Yeah.
That's not too bad.
He's been there about an hour.
Less than an hour, right?
Huh?
I mean, it's not great, but it's in the Gables.
Do we have any audience in the Gables?
No.
See, that's the problem.
We have since the alien thing, man, that's why it's a miracle.
We do as well as we do in the numbers.
Because since the alien thing, how many Julios have we got left listening?
About 30, man.
That's it.
They hate us.
We got that nice lady in Hylia.
She was a Juliette, very nice one, too.
That hates you.
Probably a reacon.
Oh, she's here.
We go again.
Here we go again.
When that lovely lady died, what's the first thing George says about Celia Cruz?
It's an 80.
Look at me.
No.
Probably really a reacon, though she wasn't.
Every, every spec that you don't like is a reacon.
That's, that's, it's just goes, you don't even have to ask.
Well, that are a beener.
Here's a call from Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, there's another Cuban here.
See, there you go.
One of our all-time favorites.
Yeah.
It's WK80.
That's how, how far it goes back.
Holy Toledo is Rick Weaver would say if he were here.
I was there.
I was there.
The day that you declared to be a book.
Booker old.
Booker old.
December 17, 1976.
I came out of the closet and I were, I was listening to that product.
I'll be done.
Probably felt right off the goddamn shear.
I didn't know it was to vote that we had too many crooked politicians or too many Cubans.
But anyway, the crooked politicians are mostly Cubans.
So I voted for too many Cubans.
But it should have been too many right-wing Cubans because there's a lot of normal Cuban
Americans that like to be a large snapper.
So they get in for staying by you.
Just crack his knuckles.
Did you hear that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I was like, that's how sharp my ears are.
I just heard George crack his knuckles in the back while you were playing.
And the lady from Halea that call and don't like George, that's his wife.
They'd listen.
His wife has never said anything that nice about him with that lady's believe me.
Well, anyway, I'm listening and I would especially since she trapped him into that unwanted
kid.
But anyway, and you put me to listen to more too, but I couldn't take it.
Absolutely.
I don't blame him.
No more.
Okay, amigo, I'll stick to you.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
Someone named Tom
and
the Gundnoth.
You know, I'm talking about,
95 earth University.
pees Hera run he news.
He is the16th of his name.
I'm one speissre Vous dine�� Start
tonne polls.
a new level of obsession.
Oh my god, this guy makes any guy
who made pale into one significance.
Even that laughing hyena makes him pale.
Like I said, always.
We were doing screenless and he called yesterday
and said the effort on the air.
Really?
Yeah.
This is not case.
Or you're Gilbert.
Oh nice, lovely.
Nice going, Gilbert.
You jackass, you simple to do.
You imbecile, you miss fit with your coat bottled glasses
and your retard personality.
We hate you, Gilbert, like poison.
We're going to send you to Rick Riley's house.
He's going to spank you every day, which he probably
would enjoy.
He would enjoy being touched by anything alive.
Rodents, insects, anything.
Even if he was going to get west now, he probably
reaches our amount for the skaters just to like have
contact with something living.
If it wasn't alive, ever see him in quasi motor together.
Here's Miami, Buenos dias.
Jamba.
Boring.
Those guys are so boring now.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes sir.
Yes, what's the poll?
I beg your pardon?
What's the poll?
Which asshole I call today was the most offensive?
I think you're it.
Fine, what's the poll?
Fine, see what I mean about these people?
I think that one and two hour had some real promise.
You know what I think we're developing something there.
Don't you?
Absolutely.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line.
And you wonder why I did that seven months without no calls?
No, I don't.
I mean, I'm talking to the audience.
Scott, by the way, is a jets fan.
No, it doesn't make any difference what you're saying now because there's no way, I mean
I thought about it for about a few seconds.
Thought third man.
And I thought to myself, well there's no way anybody in the world would be embarrassed
to ashamed to admit in some sort of what team what football team he was a fan of unless
it was the jets because that's the motivation.
What is the motivation?
He's a prick.
He doesn't answer a question, a straight question.
Oh, you mean Scott that used to work on his show?
That's it.
Oh, I vaguely remember him.
Oh, the Johnny Carson 8th cab, Calaway, baby, the STA's slim.
Where did you hear that?
I read it in the toilet.
Jerry's people want to know.
Did you know there's a place just 60 under the earth where you go when you die?
Where did you pick that up?
I picked it up in the toilet.
Here's what you'll find in the toilet this week.
Princess Digave birthed to a 65-pound show horse.
John Kennedy's come back in a spaceship with a super new diet.
He's dating John Hingley to make Warren jealous.
I'm sleeping with Joan Collins and I don't even know it.
Where did you read that?
In the toilet.
The national toilet.
Put a quarter in the slot and we'll light the world for you.
1243 and the reason I played is I want to talk about toilets.
Okay.
Since it fits right in with what we've been talking about earlier.
But before that, here's the fact.
Markings was 21.
Well, who, what running back was 22?
Price Rapper was 23.
I would swear to Markings was 22.
I mean, I used to go to all of those games, but it goes to show him my Alzheimer's kicking in.
Hingley was 21.
Who the hell was 22?
Diet.
We'll find out. Somebody will know.
Anyway, Scott likes the Steelers.
No wonder he's in birth.
Oh my God.
The freaking Steelers.
They need Franco Harris back.
And that moron Terry Branch.
God, get his ant.
You know how much I would pay just so I never have to see Terry Branch on TV again.
If you want to look up dumb American, just if you look at up an addiction or his picture is in.
Tony Nathan was 22.
Tony Nathan.
Absolutely correct.
Absolutely correct.
Not that for Steelers, man.
Oh, in other words, you knew that?
No.
Or somebody called him and told you that you're you really are full of crap.
You're I'm like, I think he's like a counter spies what he is.
You know what I mean?
I said, you know, by the counter and spying it.
He's for reals plant.
He's the he's the stooge.
A saboteur.
Exactly.
He's an Ojan saboteur.
At any rate, you're right.
Tony Nathan was 22.
Hingley was 21.
Is that what I said before?
Hingley, Mark Higgs was 21.
At least I got sliced red for his number right?
Who the hell gives a crap about Mark Higgs?
He was okay, but he was, you know, one of those typical, I mean, he ain't no Ricky Williams.
Ricky Williams, Ricky Williams, come on.
It's almost that time, baby.
Ricky Williams, Dolphins, get off the big start this weekend.
There's still a lot of season against a girls team.
The Houston Texans.
It'll be the same big, every year.
Same thing.
It'll be like 3-0 or 4-1, something like that.
And then the bottom will fall out.
That'll be it.
Let's see.
You know, I'm so glad you sent me this back.
It says, I don't know who has less of a life.
The idiots who organize this flash mob or the idiots working security who are jumping through hoops to shoot it down.
When I was in Amsterdam in the international hero tribune or maybe in the Brit papers,
I was reading about this flash mob crap.
I've never heard of this until right now.
What's it all about?
Oh, you never heard of this?
Nope.
This is the new craze, you know, like we used to have hula hoops in them.
We had the other crap.
Now the new deal is, well, let me just read the story.
All right.
Police thwart random act of group silliness.
That's a good way of putting it.
This is the Sunsendle.
Well, at least they got a little bit of hope.
Song Razz Mills, which has 26 million visitors a year and we have no idea why.
Apparently, he had a problem with the crowd of on Saturday.
How many of you had a crowd of?
About 30 minutes.
That's what it says of 30.
A group of mostly 20 somethings who communicated via the internet, of course.
The meeting and greeting place of every asshole, every misfit in the world.
We're attempting to pull off our float as first flash mob.
The idea to assemble quickly at a predetermined location can make a random act of silliness and leave a bewildered crowd behind.
That's what this flash mob is all about.
Was you never heard of?
No, do they flash?
No, no, no, it's not that kind of flash.
Oh, you think?
Because you're a pervert.
No, they just show up.
They communicate on cell phones.
And they say, oh, we're going to show up at the saw glass at 315.
And like a whole bunch of these assholes just show up and they wave their arms or run around and then they leave.
Oh, there's no nudity involved?
Flashmob sprouted two months ago in New York and the trend has become compared to the harmless fun of streaking in the 70s and phone booths stuffing in the 50s as in stuff it.
But police broke up the gathering in front of the Cheesecake factory in the Oasis portion of the mall.
The wife of the organizer was hauled away from the scene and the squirred off the mall grounds.
No rest were made, unfortunately.
But the assholes, a sawgrass mills official left quickly without commenting saying he would return, but he did not.
He didn't.
The episode, an attempted synchronized activity that could rival the bank robbery scene in the movie Oceans 11 went down this one.
It's got a whole chronology.
Uh, 710P and a maintenance worker knew the Cheesecake factory.
Let's a visitor listen in the walkie talkie.
Police are saying we told her if he goes off, he'll be, if it goes off, he'll be arrested.
713 police and mall security established their presence near the Cheesecake factory in a election.
Two minutes behind schedule, Eric's wife holding a dollar bill says, let's do this and walks in front of a group of ventures.
A man approaches her to trade bills, but two officers gently.
So I guess what they were going to do is they're supposed to made it 713 in front of the Cheesecake factory.
Have a dollar bill with a word mob paperclip to it and exchange bills with other flash movers.
After five minutes, they agreed to drop the bills and leave.
That was the deal.
Like the caller who called earlier who was very serious and rightfully so about bush, about the war, about the lies, about politics.
I mean granted.
Okay, life is short, have a good time, screw your brains out.
But to be wasting time with kaka like this with mob, and it's not just an American thing, the Brits we're doing this too.
But I guess it started in New York and it was the Brits, you know, being a bunch of monkey, see monkey, do crap.
Is that pathetic or what? Flash mobbing.
Great.
Thank you for the wording.
And you want to know why?
That's the American fucking way.
Exactly.
The sillier it is, the more assholes.
And of course 20 somethings. There you go.
It figures.
I mean, is it the same people that haven't even got any idea what's up and what's down?
I have no life.
Oregon.
Jack Horowitz of Tamerak, spending the usual half hour, say tonight, will wait outside the Cheesecake Factory.
I don't know what that was going on.
Neither did the Cheesecake Factory workers and other onlookers.
In Tampa last week, a flash mob appeared at a mall and saying, take me out to the ballgame near a statue of a baseball player.
You ready for that?
I think America's lost it.
I think that's what's going on here.
I think they just absolutely freaking lost it.
Where the hell is take me out to the ballgame? Is that anything here?
Various versions of it, I'm sure.
It is.
Well, we have the original Harry Carey version.
Oh, but we also have...
Harry, eat out to the ballgame.
We have that.
Yeah.
So anyway, that's a deal.
In Minneapolis, flash mobbers all played their cell phone ringtone at the same time while one person conducted.
They played their cell phone ringtone.
I'm beside myself.
Eric said that recent local stories about flash mobbs, including Saturdays mentioned in the Miami paper,
the one would go down to the West Broward Mall, tipped off the establishment which threatened to certainly conduct charges, Saturday evening,
sawgrass mills approach summarize offices for assistance.
With all the attention, you'd expect security to find out.
Eric said next time we won't go down like this.
Who is this Eric guy?
Does it say the name of the guy?
Eric Rudolph.
The...
No, no, sir.
It could be.
Eric is the activities organizer, but of course it doesn't...
I don't think it says the name.
And his wife.
And a bunch of other assholes.
You're a bunch of morons.
Okay?
I realize it's boring down here, but get a freaking life, okay?
Good.
Got all mighty.
Now if it was going to be like what I thought it was going to be.
Yeah.
I think they were going to go streaking.
No, no.
There's nothing erotic.
There's nothing interesting.
How boring.
It's just an opportunity for a group of people to gather and do some stupid thing and then run off.
Either for a couple of...
It's just idiotic.
It's just for stupid, stupid people.
Let's all...
There you go.
It's about the American price time.
I mean, baseball, you realize it's very boring.
And so here's something new and exciting, even more boring.
Here's a call from a lady in Pember Pines.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Hi, Neil.
Years ago you helped me lose weight when you were stuck in the hackinside, yes, big time.
And I've been struggling with my weight up and down.
I've never seen the hackins.
I just didn't fall off the hackins because I wanted something sweet.
And I just recently went to a doctor and he recommended a simple diet.
And I just had to share it with you and your listeners because I felt like you shared the hackins with me and I was a happy philographic.
Well, it's just really simple.
It's no sugar, wheat, or flour.
Basically going back to basic, just eating vegetables, fruits, proteins, some dairy in the morning.
And I have...
My husband and I have lost a ton of weight.
Oh, right.
We feel so much better.
And I just feel like you've said it before, the companies out there, the food companies are just dragging us with sugar.
Every single has sugar.
And they sneak it in there too.
Foods that have no business having sugar, foods that don't need any sugar to make them taste better, they're loaded with sugar like pasta sauces, all kinds of crap.
Right.
And I just felt like I didn't even realize it.
I thought I was just addicted.
I thought I had emotional problem or psychological problem.
I went to my doctor asking maybe I need a hypnosis or a therapist and he said, no, it's just what you're eating is making you crave more.
Because all I wanted to do was go get a milkshake or go get Ben and Jerry's cookie dough.
I was great.
And meanwhile, all it was is that I had just had to switch from sugar to eating fruits and vegetables and protein.
There you go.
I know some beautiful blackberries, strawberries, and raspberries my refrigerator right now.
Oh, it's delicious.
I go, if I want something sweet, I go have some pineapple.
There you go.
I just feel like this country is just being sucked in like it was with tobacco.
Oh, I have tobacco.
Like, tobacco with this.
Just so we can make money for all the big companies.
That's what we're here for to understand so they can fleece every dime out of our wallets.
They don't give a crap what they do with us, whether it's prescription drugs, whether it's food, no matter what it is.
They're just raping the public and pillaging and squeezing whatever they can get out of us.
Well, I just wanted to share this with you and your listeners, maybe I can back to you or email you this simple way of eating.
And all their problems will be solved as far as weight and 10.
If you're just back to your Georgia, he'll pass it along to me.
305-650-0198.
Okay.
Okay.
All right. Thanks, Neil.
Thank you and keep it up.
Okay.
Bye.
189.
I got 29 to go.
I looked up to, I don't remember where the hell was, but there was a thing somewhere on the internet about your height,
the engender, and what your weight should be.
And I put in 5.9 and it came back 129 to 160.
That chart is way off.
Everybody's up in arms about that chart.
Yeah.
Can you see me at 129 pounds?
I look like I just lost Auschwitz.
I mean, 129.
According to the chart, I should weigh negative.
Well, don't you?
Yeah.
You're pretty negative.
No, seriously, 129 to 160, all depending on your frame and your ass and all of those others.
I'm 150 at 5.6 and I'm like normal.
You're how much?
150.
Well, no, I don't get it.
Because I should really weigh about 160.
Okay, and I'm 5.9.
I tower over you over midgets like you and Maddie Bell.
But, no, seriously, I have 160 would be my ideal weight and right now I'm 189.
So it's not like there's no light at the end of the tunnel.
It's 29 pounds away.
And all of the weight I lost, again, since I came back here, even though it's only been three days,
well, also, plus the last three days I was there when I after ate that 20 pounds of bacon,
that kind of helped the situation.
But anyway, forgetting about that for momentarily, although really, when you do a lot of...
It does help on a scale eventually.
Especially if you eat 20 pounds of bacon.
Thank you very much, Howeys, but don't ever do that to me again.
Never wasn't there fault it was mine.
It was yours.
It was your fault.
Mine.
No, because you let me take that whole gigantic thing.
I had to do with it.
You grabbed it your own day of self.
You're damn right.
Now, all I want, I looked at that gigantic Howeys box.
All I wanted was like one of those little tinfoil wrapped thing.
It's got like six, seven slices of bacon in it.
Right?
And instead, here's a box with my name on it.
So, like I said, it's Howeys fault.
No, my name was on it.
No.
Said Neil.
I would have to eat it.
Here's about 7,000 slices of bacon.
And they're all real, real fatty.
Just dripping with bacon grease.
Mmm.
Delicious.
I love bacon, boy.
But I'm not making it no more.
You're not making bacon.
It's not good for you.
It's bad.
Anything that's like fried like that is greasy.
Oh my god, just tear your kiscus out.
And I told you I don't want to get graphing.
Oh wow.
Did I have a couple of days from that bacon?
Although I will say this with all the grease everything just slides out.
What do you want it to or not?
You know?
Just stand up.
Uh oh.
Did I do that?
So, speaking of toilets.
Yeah.
No, no, I have a toilet problem on my house.
I've talked about this before.
I never got no ass systems from anybody.
Because it's one thing to just be sloppy and to be careless and more on and just, you know, do your business.
And then just get up and walk away without flushing.
Which I did tell I also long go by my uncle read my, uh, my father's brother.
Mm-hmm.
Who is the red sheep of the family?
And every now and then being the nearer to well, he would show up at our house when we lived in Rochester.
And he would, uh, just hang out for a while because he was like a deadbeat.
Okay.
Nice guy, but a deadbeat.
And so anyway, he, I guess, used to live out in a country a lot or whatever.
Or he just didn't think too much about flushing, you know?
Well then he must not have thought much about wiping either.
Oh jeez!
No wonder he smelled like that.
I was just a kid wonder what that was.
What's that smell?
Well that's Uncle Red.
It's getting kind of red.
But anyway, so I, you know, that, that was my first exposure to that.
But in my house, in my, in my bathroom, the toilet is, maybe it's out in the acres.
This is not like real heavy-duty.
A water pressure.
Heavy-duty water pressure?
I say.
I know where you're going.
And so I'll do my thing.
No, I, I just get tired of having to flush three, four times, not every time, but many, many times.
Very often.
It's a, especially when you got that IBS, you got all those floaters in there.
Then it's really hard for, you just isn't sufficient water pressure there.
When it doubts suck it down there.
And when you get to stand something in there.
See, unlike you, I don't want to stand up and look at what I've left here.
I want it to be gone.
I just want to sit there, reach back, flush the magic twang, and that's it.
It's not the water pressure because the pressure comes from your toilet tank.
So you just need a different toilet.
Well, thanks.
Are you serious?
That's what I was trying to say.
I wanted a different toilet.
Oh no, it's the water pressure.
And that's only like if you're in a public restroom where they don't have a tank, where it's just coming straight out of the world.
You know what I'm talking about.
And you're like, how the pressure and the flushability of a toilet.
That's a selling point.
When you go to the plumbing shows, because they do have them, that's a selling point for toilets is the, you know, how fast they process.
How well they process the matter.
The makers.
Yeah.
See, I should never done that again.
The matter.
My bad.
Some toilets are better processing matter than others.
I see.
Anyway, we're going to talk about toilets in the one to two hours.
It's better than that crap we were playing last night.
There's the matter and the splattered.
I see.
And does it matter?
Where you splattered?
12th at the end of 560 WQ.
By now you've heard me talk for a long time about laminets or us.
And how laminated wood flooring from laminets or us is the easy, the smart, the low maintenance alternative to very, very beautiful but expensive natural wood flooring.
Laminets or us is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from Perid or Pergo Wilson art.
Unifor and Quickstep.
They've got all the top names all installed by Pergo certified in stores.
Here's another reason why you ought to be calling laminated to us.
Their prices are so low, they'll floore you.
Right now you can get there some special for just 1995 bucks that is positively correct.
Just 1995 dollars gets you up to 380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring.
It is positively too good to be true, but it is.
And laminated to us will match any legitimate offer too.
For a free in a home estimate no obligation call laminated to us toll free and tell them that cranky old Neil for to call 1-877-77773336.
What could be easier? They give you free carpet disposal, free furniture moving to 25 year warranty and years and eons of beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring.
Call laminated to us 2-day toll free 1-877-773336.
We've got it, it's Scott Barrell.
It went up in Boca Tiga, slapping all the women with painted lips around the pool.
I listened to the Neil Rogers 1-2-1.
I mean I listened to the Neil Rogers Aaron Balance 1-2-1.
Box from the director of ambush makeover is ambush proctologist.
Surprise!
Hey what are you doing?
Pucker up!
What's going on?
Hey put my pants back on!
Crack a smile!
Whoa!
Ambush proctologist, a real pain in the ass.
Hey come back, you'll up your glove inside!
Now in case you missed the beginning of that bit it went...
New on box.
See that was it.
Well no it was my bad, I had to pot down because I was diddling.
Plus we got kind of a little bit shorter breaks and we're out of practice for the 1-2 hour.
So it's good we started with like a technical screw up on my part.
Don't kill practice.
See I admit when I screw up bad, see unlike Scott there, Scott Jr. who's like you know Steve Liss fan, nobody's perfect.
What?
I know I wouldn't admit it either.
There are certain teams that if you're a fan it would like say the Cleveland Browns, but anybody's saying that?
No!
Of course not no mole.
I mean I used to be like when there was really a real Cleveland Browns.
Jimmy Brown.
Bobby Mitchell.
Fudge Brown.
Milk plum.
Fudge Brown.
Fudge pack.
500.
Here's some of the factors and this is a good point, I would agree with this.
The flash mob thing maybe silly, no not maybe it is.
But the fact that they were going to wear rest of them is scary.
Ashcroft would be proud.
And that's right, I mean it's harmless, it's stupid, but it's harmless.
They're not like doing you know, as long as they're not interfering with anybody's business, right?
Right, only there for a couple of minutes they're just being assholes.
See I think I know that call me crazy.
You're crazy.
I think that you're entitled to be an asshole if you want to be.
As long as you don't stick with anybody's business or life, right?
Right.
Or whatever.
Right, if you want to do silly crap then go ahead and do silly, at least it keeps them off the streets.
You know I mean there probably is something to be said for this.
Okay let's hear about toilets.
Wait.
What?
$500.
Oh that's not too bad.
Not at all.
For an hour and a half over there in no speaking English town in the Gables or a grow world.
However it is not great.
So let's see 500.
So that's another 260 is 18,720.
So if we could give another 280 which I doubt this hour, then we give us to 19,000 for the best of a meal for abandoned pet rescue.
A great cause and good stuff to a best of the, we didn't even have one out last year because the Miguel was too lazy and so was George and they blame each other.
For what do we do?
And maybe I was too.
I don't know, we just we didn't get around to it.
It was right there.
You know there's no use in arguing over spilt milk but it's Miguel's fault.
18,720.
So it's got two years worth of really great stuff on here.
You notice by the way I played zero before that didn't re-key but you wonder why I played it?
Because you have it.
Right.
Excellent.
And I can find it.
It's not here.
And you got the Mohawar David Kee chain which you have there.
I can't play anything from it cause I don't have one.
See I didn't, I didn't bring either Kee chain up here you want to know why.
There you go.
It means I didn't bring it cause I figured you know going through customs it's probably not a good idea to have any kind of a device that's got like a button on it.
You know what I'm saying?
Like a battery.
A battery and a button.
Not a good combination on a plane.
So I figured you can play it there.
It'll be something useful to do.
Are you part of that guy?
Okay that's enough I think.
So Miguel is at the shell station right now.
All you date people you know.
Always belly.
Oh you always going to brow or you always going to brow or you always running around in the...
Right.
Okay there you can't get any more date-ish than he is right today.
That to me is like the epitome of Dave County.
I'll just about when you say sure.
That's like the heart of Dave County.
The corner of the shell station in the corner of 27th Avenue.
S1 in the Gables with the Grove.
Whatever you want to call it.
I think hell is a good term for it.
Now it's okay.
That's right by where I used to live when I was a refugee.
Now 27th Avenue but to show you how little time I've spent in Dave in many many years.
27th Ave.
Let's see now Douglas is what?
30 something three second.
37.
30th St pretty good.
That's not bad.
Burr is 40th right?
Correct.
Burr you get down to what 27th is like.
There's another name for that isn't it?
What's the Luzune 36th?
Is Luzune 36th?
42th.
It is?
Yes.
Luzune is 42th.
Are you sure?
And Tony Nathan was 22th.
And Troy Stratford.
Now where is all the toilet bowl calls here?
I'm looking for some help here seriously.
I guess it's not a joke.
You got a fact you're sending me on toilets?
I'm sure that there must be some people out there that have the same problem and have gone out and bought the...
Because you can get the nut and it also saves a lot of water allegedly.
And that's the deal by the way.
What's it with why some toilets have more pressure than others?
Is because some are more conservative towards water and also try to be quieter.
The quieter the toilet and the less water that it uses to conserve water, the less flushability you have.
Well my name will quiet the...
You can get all the way down there.
Not seriously.
It's a horrible thing.
I mean it's a pain in the ass.
Plus mine also.
I guess mine is one of those water-conserving ones because it takes forever to fill back up again.
And you just stay in here instead.
And what I'll do is I'll just close the top and go in and take my shower and come back out.
And I hope I don't forget and do it again.
Especially if the maid gets coming out there.
You don't want to like...
I mean nobody.
Nobody's that much of a slob that they want to leave a load in there.
It's one thing to leave a load in the dryer or the washer but to leave a load in the bowl.
It's not good.
If you're not good-style.
Because you're old you might remember the old-fashioned toilets were loud and they would suck you right in there.
They would suck passing airplanes into them.
No, I will say this.
The ones like we have there.
The handle on the side with no bowl.
Those aren't so much loud but they're really...
They suck.
Yeah they do.
They really suck.
I mean if you're kind of thing in there like fat boy you must be really...
They're in double-edged ones.
I want that in the house.
But you can get those.
That's what I'm trying to say if we get any crap here from the audience.
Here's Miami Beach where they know their crap.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes sir.
Good morning.
I have a poem with toilet both days a day I move here.
Everywhere I'm getting here.
Since your first movement.
I got a travel with that little pump to clean up.
Did you see the toilets in Holland where they have the little plateau where everything stays for a while?
No but the shelf.
Yeah the display level.
That is the most disgusting thing.
You see your tower.
Yeah you do the floor stand and you realize that some of it decided to go away and some of it decided to hang around a little while longer.
And if you leave it there for a while you know if it's there permanently anyway.
Oh god.
Yes.
I'm going back to Amsterdam in November for a week.
Great.
Hope to see you there.
It's great to have you back George.
Have a good one.
Thank you.
I do it.
Ciao.
No, I do it.
Not Ciao.
All of a sudden he's a tagging.
Hello.
Let's see.
Since you're talking about toilets can you play that bit turn talk that would fit right in yes sir.
And here's one that says what is this?
This is a great cartoon.
It's a picture of looking through the rear view.
Look the rear window of a South Florida car and there are the hands.
You don't see anybody just the hands reaching up on the top of the steering wheel.
And there is the antenna with a little flower, little flower on the antenna.
It says the average view driving through a Helen Dale.
Oh.
Yeah.
And talking about detail.
They even got the only forget turn talk.
This is this is look.
Okay.
So you know we got people like John Ascroff who think that the breast on statues are obscene.
So I'm sure that he thinks that to talking about ball movements.
I mean it's just a crappy part of life.
That's all.
But if you have any kind of self respect you want to have a toilet that works man.
You want to leave there and you know you want to have that room antiseptic for whoever is there.
Is that else going to use it and your dog like runs in you don't want them to like have a look on their push like jeez you leave that here.
If it's your own tiny especially he'd have been good one to talk.
You know sometimes you'll like leave skid marks in your underwear and your bowl.
Oh yes.
Hey I want to toilet with enough suction that one flush will even suck those out of there.
No that's a good point.
There are times when you have to flush again especially if my like here when on the day when my mate is coming.
No no no I don't I don't want to be known.
It's one thing to be a potty out that don't bother me.
I don't want to be a potty messer you know.
Yeah.
I want people to think that when I go it's like antiseptic man it's as clean as like you don't eat a vacuum.
That man don't poop in here.
If they only knew here's Miami hello.
Yeah Miami yes sir.
Hey George.
Hey George.
Hey basically on a toilet the the top off you used to go and he made it one point five down to the three.
And that's your big problem but the only thing you need to do is go to people and you have a Hitler has a power flush.
For the uses compressed air.
Yeah baby.
For the press they're all.
Now you're talking.
Now we are talking mate just suck that thing that in fact if you're doing it and you never see him no mo.
If we put Mo's piece in there probably wouldn't see it no mo.
Okay pal thanks I think he just got sucked out of the toilet.
The power flush is he serious?
I think so.
Why would he make a thing like that?
No but I mean you I wouldn't be able to study you have to get a plumber you know I mean I'm like I'm going to start installing toilets.
It's one thing for me to like flush away for other people what they look behind.
I'm not going to start being like I don't want to get that much into it so to speak.
I don't want to get that deeply into it.
I'm sure they have that if they have the bidet mad if they must have the power.
Here's a call from the Redlands it's toilet talk it says hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
I'm calling to say that when I have trouble with my toilet flows down we just you know we go up on roof and in a road a router out.
And it's the vent you know that actually lets the air pressure you know suck through so that it goes down easier.
The vent on your roof?
Yeah you know where there's a vent you know that goes to your toilet.
Right yeah I mean the vent is going to be on the ramps and falling on my antichrane.
Yeah it flows it way down you know so that when that gets cleaned out then there's no vacuum you know so that it lets it flow.
Well who do you call to clean out your your vents?
My wife calls me.
Well I think that's nice but I ain't going to call it in a way.
Well I've had too many plumored probably do that.
Road a router?
Road a router.
Okay thanks paly.
Good day.
Thanks a lot. I went and doubt cleaned it out.
He just goes up there and sucks it out he said.
With a snake.
Five six seven oh man.
It's been a long time since I've had to use a plunger you know in fact you know I don't want to go into it.
No the last time I had to use the plunger was back remember when my septic tank.
Yeah it must have happened.
That was the last road a router episode.
When my septic tank.
In fact make a note in about a year remind me if I'm still alive remind me to get the septic tank sucked out.
I know it's just a flush thing.
I mean there's nothing there's nothing worse than walking into your shower and I've got a beautiful stall shower you know.
I know where this is going.
Oh yeah and you're on the floor.
Oh no it's the old rickensuds back at your routine you know.
Oh no it's coming back.
We're trying to say goodbye and you're coming back for another visit.
An encore presentation.
Oh man.
The curtain shower.
I ran a shower a hell of a long time and took the lice all in the drain oh and the I mean everything a shower curtain call.
Crisco slipped it up to make sure everything was like slide out of the wheel fast.
That's all the pub does that.
That's what the clearance says he does every time he hops a new old shower.
Reckham.
When it doubt greases it grease it out.
What's the biggest problem with South Florida we asked on our poll today on prestigious neo-roger.com.
Too many Cubans 137 we're going to do something about that.
I would say to somebody here yesterday I was saying if Castro croaked tomorrow and through some miracle a democratic government ensued which wouldn't happen.
But if it did how many of these South Florida hysterical Cubans are always screaming.
How many do you think we'd go back?
30 man.
That's an exaggeration maybe about 10.
So that backwoods banana boat place.
It's just it's the crepit.
It's it's it's dressed.
It's like an 18th world country now.
Hey what it used to be.
Exactly no more of them hotels.
Too many Cubans 137 rudeness 69 rudeness is just is.
See until you go someplace else like here where the people are civilized you don't realize just how rude the people there are.
Nasty the brutal summer heat humidity in rain 50 crooked politicians 48 too many New Yorkers 43 that's sliding up there a little bit.
Too many New Yorkers in the wrong the wrong ones is a lot of nice people in New York when are they coming down it's a toilet 38 too many illegal aliens 26 to crowded 24 too many old people 22 too many black people 19 too many
So I was wrong you were right.
Want to see red next man just just take a trip across the alley.
Yeah, you know what it is it's kind of like we have the Berlin wall but nights unofficial you know or just the wall in Israel huh just north of West Palm.
Wow.
What do you mean just know how about the Hokie and Okotobi?
Palm Beach County's got plenty of red next man plenty.
114 at 560 WQM if you're underpaid overworked if you're underappreciated all of these things or some or whatever.
How do you like to get rid of that job? How do you like to get a real life and a real career which makes you some serious money?
That's right and you can do it before the end of the year call our friends at fast train today at 1 866 fast train.
They can have you trained and certified like I said before the new year the demand for computer professionals is continuing the role like Topsy and there's no better time than right now as I speak to get you a new high paying career fast train offers you job placement assistance convenient day evening weekend schedules and with six locations now including two in Tampa where there's a lot of red next.
There's bound to be a fast train right by you in fact in Tampa there's almost nothing but red next fast train offers financial assistance to lose the qualify as well so call fast train today tool free 1 866 fast train that's 1 866 fast train or excuse to stay in the dead end job one more day.
Say goodbye to your boss to that asshole and say hello to a new career by check it out fast train on the web at fast train.com and then calling them tool free 1 866 fast train.
My phone. This is 4205 city.
Way to a.
You.
You.
It's time for turtah the show that gets to what really deep down inside of you and now here's your host Colin Cornwallis.
Good evening.
I'm Colin Cornwallis your host and welcome to turtah the little friends are already lit up so let's just get right down to the phones and let's see who's on number two.
It's Steve Steve you're on the air.
I call and I'm a first time caller.
All right we got a little something for you Steve hang on.
So what's on your mind?
Well I just wanted to let you know how much the wife and I enjoy the show and hold on let me get the paper here.
Okay I'm back.
So your wife loves the show that's great. Tell me Steve you're wiping right now aren't you?
Yes I am.
Okay when when you wipe do you prefer a forward stroke or a backwards stroke?
I think I prefer a forward stroke is as a matter of fact the wife was just saying.
Uh oh what's the matter?
I think I just ripped the paper.
Oh okay how well did you get to wipe?
Well I got it pretty good.
Okay do you feel any pressure under your fingernails?
Yes I do.
Oh boy.
Remain come you're having what we call a push through.
Did you get any penetration?
I think so.
Okay just do as I say and everything's going to be okay.
Now is there any clothing on the bathroom floor?
You want to look for something dot color?
Okay let me see.
Now pull your finger out nice and slow so you don't get a flicking effect okay?
Okay.
Is your finger out Steve?
Yes.
Now the first thing you want to ask yourself as you look at your finger is has anybody in the house really made you mad today?
No they haven't.
Okay go ahead and wipe it off Steve.
Oh thank you Colin.
Keep up the good work.
Well you are welcome and thanks for listening.
That's all the time we have for now and until the next turn talk I'm Colin Cornwallis.
This has been Turtug.
The show that gets down to what you're really made of.
One nineteen at five sixty W.M. Nellitz.
Line seven it says has the answer to my problems.
Hello Broward.
Nail four.
Yes sir.
Hey how you doing?
Pretty good.
I got your answers.
Okay.
What you want is a total toilet.
A TOTO?
What is a TOTO?
TOTO.
It manufactured in Atlanta it's Japanese technology but they are the best toilets on the market.
In fact when they're demonstrated they will take probably a hundred green army men and the bag of marble
and fluff them down in one shot.
Alright excellent.
It's TOTO TOTO?
TOTO it's not a cheap item but it's excellent.
And what they do they use a little bit of head pressure.
They'll put in extra water in the tank.
Oh I like that head pressure.
Yeah it's not big of mine.
And they'll only take one point to get gallons of water on the flush.
But the extra water in the tank you set will create some head pressure and push everything out nice and clean.
Alright thanks a lot Pally.
Okay you have a good day.
You too.
See ya.
TOTO I'm searching for it.
You and Judy Garland.
Yeah.
Do you remember that that was heavily featured in the Wizard of Oz?
Oh no.
The TOTO toilet.
Hey listen I'm serious about this.
I don't ever want to have to go through that again.
I'm going to have it done while I'm away.
I don't ever want to have to go through that tool and it's like Laura's wealth and a one and a two and a three.
How many damn times can you flush before you get rid of all that?
About third man.
No way.
Gee and plus it's a time waste.
Do you know when you got one bullet it takes so long to fill back up again?
I mean granted this may be kind of a shmitty conversation but it's it's what we like it or not.
It's there.
And it ain't going away no more.
Okay.
Here it is.
Here's Marguerite another happy it says happy power flush customer.
Hello.
Hi Colin.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Spastic.
I just put one in yesterday.
Yeah.
You can flush your laundry down that bad boy.
Really?
I wouldn't sit on it flush though I think it might be.
If there wasn't that little space between the seat and the actual bowl there I think it would just kind of pull you down in there but.
Wouldn't be seen no more.
It's all built into the tank.
It's just like putting any other one and you got the water line them too big old nuts down there on the bottom.
You grab all the man and tighten them up and you're ready to go.
A couple of bucks.
I'll be there though.
A couple of hundred bucks for the bowl.
So in other words you could install it yourself really easy.
Yeah it took me about ten minutes to most.
Where'd you get it home depot?
Yeah it's a little obnoxious I think to flush it I mean it's loud.
Who cares?
Well there you go it's flushed.
Didn't bother me I mean so maybe I'll scare the rats away in my attic I don't care.
Get a couple for work.
They don't flush around there four or five times in a row to flush all that down the fence.
Maybe take fat boy with him.
Okay thanks a lot pal.
Don't you mean here you go the what's what he called the power flush?
Power flush.
I'm writing these down.
I got the total toilet and the old power flush.
You ought to know because I just you know did a search for total toilet and there's a world of toilets you didn't know existed out there.
Wow so you need to go online and just go and do a little bit of research.
It's right up my back home.
Yeah I mean there's some there's some designs.
But I don't think I'm going to be installing myself plus I'm not going to be there.
I'll have my handyman.
I have Izzy how you doing Izzy?
He's okay.
He had little thing.
He's okay.
But they'll have him installed.
He won't rip me off too bad.
Anyway regarding the fascinating topic of toilets is this fact you're here.
Josh when I was in Israel I noticed the toilet tanks were positioned above the actual toilet about five to six feet off the ground.
Now when you flush one of these porcelain beauties you actually had a move your feet out of the way because the force at which the water came crashing into the bowl would always splash a little over the side.
I always wondered why they put the tanks up so high that it could only come up with three hypothetical tanks.
One water pressure is real sucks.
Two Jewish people are really full of Schmidt.
Yes I'm Jewish.
Three no toilet plungers in Israel.
You can't use them on the Sabbath.
That's a possibility.
You know?
Oh!
It says that in the Quran.
Yeah well I mean they're trying to like you know suck up a little bit.
You don't have to play comedy best with the type of material pouring out of the facts machine says Josh.
Also a possible Easter egg on the best of meal CD on the Fox News Heather song right after it says flapping her lips like ancoulders roast beef.
You could hear a quiff noise.
I've never noticed it before listening to QM's crappy signal.
Thank you Josh. I'm going to listen to that very carefully over and over again.
The unexplicated version wants to show us over.
That is a part of the song that's there but there are there is an Easter egg on there.
There is?
Yeah.
Are you serious?
I'm serious.
Well how the hell are we supposed to find it?
You're the same way you find the regular Easter egg.
You're supposed to come across it.
No you're not.
That's not how you find the regular Easter eggs.
You go online and you look under movies and Easter that crap.
You're going to discover you're going to stumble on of that?
Yeah you will.
You will. All you have to do is put the CD in and let it play all the way through.
And you'll stumble right over it.
5 6 7 0 5 60 it's toilet talk on the tooth.
It was just appropriate right after Liberty.
Pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Here's Miami Lakes. Hello.
It's an elite that's not coming in normal.
It's not trying to find out.
Oh my god.
We got all your people worked up today to a frenzy man.
It's an elite that's not coming in.
It's an elite that has a tooth.
And when people are in the bathroom.
They're going to go in the bathroom.
They're going to go in the bathroom.
They're going to go in the bathroom.
It's toilet talk on the tooth.
Sweet.
124 5 60 WQ AM 5 6 7 0 5 so in other words what what do I look under?
I do a search for what toilets.
I just put toilet toilet toilet in there and I got potty mouth.
Toto and I got a lot of other plumbing distributors that have varieties.
All these different varieties of toilets for you.
I'll be damned.
What a pleasure that would be.
How would you put the quality of my life tenfold?
Here's a call from us.
I'm on a wrong line.
Nail.
My name is Hello.
Good afternoon.
Yes sir.
Hey just beware.
If you happen to buy one of those I almost lost my paint.
You almost lost his what?
Taint.
Taint.
Yeah.
I see.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on EAT and T and Verizon wireless line.
Welcome.
How's sad.
Here's a call from beautiful sunrise.
Hello.
Sunrise.
Gone.
I've been out in push.
Long gone.
What do you mean nothing pushed?
I pushed 5.
Long gone.
Long gone.
Long gone.
Here's another toilet call from Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Where is this?
Yeah.
How you doing?
Okay.
You don't need all that stuff.
In the back of the tank or inside the tank you have something called a ballcock.
Yes.
And what happens is it's not filling up the tank bar enough.
I've changed that thing.
My mother's always leading me those things.
I've changed that ballcock more times than you can say it.
But there's an adjustment on it.
How much water you can allow into the tank itself.
How do you do that?
It depends on the ballcock.
Well, why is George?
I mean, George is like laughing at Sturker about like a little school child is because you keep saying ballcock.
Yes.
Well.
That's what it is.
I know.
I've changed many.
Well, how do you adjust it?
You take the ball in your hand.
Shut up, George.
This is important stuff.
It's on the directions.
When you buy it, it should tell you how to adjust it properly.
Okay.
Well, as soon as I get home, I'm going to go out and get a new ballcock.
I don't know why you find it.
Somebody must put a feather up here.
You're making both of these.
Parents must be standing right close on your ass or something.
Maybe the beast turned them down this morning.
So you just, I don't believe that.
I don't think that's all true.
No, it's just too simplified.
It just isn't sucking hard enough.
And when you know, I believe me, I know when you don't suck hard enough,
you don't get the job done.
Okay.
So that's the problem, man.
When it doubts, send that stuff out.
Get rid of it.
Send it on the long vacation somewhere.
Send it to some tent, where, send it to Costa Rico, okay.
Now they got that, they got the beautiful rain forest.
Send it to like Nicaragua.
When that people replace for it?
Sure.
Okay.
Or Guadalajara.
127 at 560.
You can't argue what that's right.
Sorry, sorry about that on you.
A professional Julio's on the ear down there, all you.
Juice castes.
If you need to set your home fast, fast cash home buyers,
buys houses fast, hassle free.
Fast cash home buyers, buys houses in any condition,
any location for any reason.
You need to set your house fast.
Maybe your house needs a new roof flooring.
Any other repairs or maybe a new turl it.
Don't throw money away and costly repairs.
Stop and call rod today at 1-866-785-FAST
for no obligation, hassle free offer.
At fast cash home buyers, they can help you solve those house problems.
You have a vacant house or maybe you're tired of dealing with a problem tentative.
Maybe you're going through an ugly nasty divorce can there possibly be any other kind.
Call fast cash home buyers or maybe your one, two or three payments behind.
You inherited a property you don't want and want to unload.
Fast cash home buyers can help call rod today at 1-866-785-FAST
and let fast cash home buyers give you peace of mind.
Fast cash home buyers will buy your house today and you won't have to pay
a single dime in real estate commissions.
So call rod at 1-866-785-FAST
FAST for a hassle free offer and let fast cash home buyers solve those house problems.
1-866-785-FAST
As my wife and local fixes for a trade-off by six years.
You weigh in weigh.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Coming up tonight, uninside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
They were already famous in their native Bahamas, but that didn't stop America from destroying their credibility
by playing the living sh** out of their song.
They were Bahamans.
Who let the dogs out?
Who let the dogs out?
Yeah, I'm on. We are glad you like the music, eh?
Tonight, inside the behind and veils archive material from the year 2000,
in which Bahamans lead vocalist Isaiah Taylor was taken across America to see the effect his song was having on the nation.
Specifically, the effect it was having on tight-ass white people everywhere.
Who let the dogs out?
We can begin at a Pebble Beach golf course where three of the whitest guys imaginable shook their booties while waiting to pee on.
Hey, check out Larry guys. He is some...mack daddy.
Yeah, baby. Who let the dog out?
Who, who, who, who?
Please don't make me watch this anymore, man.
We then showed the Bahamans leader to a church social in Alliance Nebraska, where the gals were really mixing it up.
Who let the dogs out?
Please make it stop, man.
But we didn't make it stop. Not until we visited the activity room in a senior citizen center in Riverside, California.
V21.
V21. Bingo. Bingo.
Who let the dogs out?
Who, who, who, who?
No more. I am in pain, man. Please take me back to the Bahamas, man.
Hey, if you have to flee the country because your dumbass song is getting overplayed, the Bahamas ain't a bad place to go.
It's a big juicy, sopping wet look at show business tonight, on inside the behind.
133 at 560 W.C.M. The Mandel coming up at two, the Humper from Shula's back in town is for the staff.
And we got the Marlins and the Pirates from PP Park tonight, big game.
Uh, George will be pleased to hear.
Agen says police did their best for man wearing bomb. The pizza guy?
Yeah, that's what they said. And the media still saying, was he a robber? Was he a victim?
The FBI agent says there was little police in Eury Pennsylvania could have done to save a man who said he was forced to rob a bank by somebody who strapped explosives to his body.
Brian Douglas Wells, 46, was filters. They would have bomb attached to his neck detonated while he and police were waiting for the bomb squad to arrive.
As he said on the ground, Wells said, why is nobody trying to get this thing off of me? I don't have a lot of time.
Wells described someone arming the device, strapping it to him. He pulled a key out and started at a time.
I heard the thing ticking way he did it. It's going to go off. I'm not lying.
Minutes later, not seconds, but minutes later, the explosive detonated.
Sounds like they did the best job they possibly could, don't it? Sounds like it to me.
And by the way, it also says, guess what? She still did.
56670560. So what's your favorite, the total toilet, the power flush, the outhouse, or just maybe a nice warm spot in the backyard?
Here's a call from Miami. Winner's Tardays.
Fender!
Here's a... what is it?
A lady in Florida. Someone with a lady in Florida? Female in Florida. Hello?
Oh, hi. I think this is... hello. Hi.
Yes, ma'am. Where are you calling from? From a crazy place in Florida.
This is Mary Ann. I've called you. We're from Rochester, but not the same Rochester. I'm from Pennsylvania.
Oh, well, what can I tell you? Same age, year, month, and all that good stuff. Right.
And like young guys and stuff. But anyway, I just wanted to talk about the toilet and some questions and some broth.
Okay.
In that order, not necessarily. Go right ahead.
But, well, I just always wondered why I have that memory. It's been a year ago...
Or have a memory? Yeah, memory, too, that's it.
I can't figure out why I have that memory of where people have been flushed their toilets and like, it's like a go-in their house is a list of things.
I can tell you what it is. In fact, this is the word. The letters are just arranged differently in this. It's like a right for letters.
I have that memory and I can't get rid of it. And I'm so glad you're talking about it.
So let me just hurry up and tell you about some sweets. Like, you like blueberries? Well, I've been discovered a couple months ago to five rows and blueberries and put a spandha on them. And it's like eating a popsicle.
Put what on?
Spandha?
Oh, splendid. Yeah, no, I do that. I already do that.
Oh, see? But how about any...
I slice up my strawberries and my blueberries and my blackberries, which I love.
And I put sweet neuronum. I wash them off real good. I put sweet neuronum and it's a delish.
Yeah, but if you eat them frozen, you have that wonderful, long-lasting, chewy...
It lingers, yeah, for lingers.
Like, do anything?
Okay, and then I'm going to tell you about these brawls and stuff. I'm real confused about guys that like brawls and ladies clothes.
Now, I know they're not gay and I think...
Well, some of them are probably, but most of them are not, I believe.
Well, I'm into it. I like the idea. I think it's cute that I like to hang around because men are nicer. They don't have all these weird hang-ups.
And especially if they like to... But I don't know anybody. It does that except one guy and he's like a big long guy and he's real burly and he's real cool.
Yeah, those are generally the ones that do it. The big macho guys like cook-all players and when nobody's looking, they got that nice lace panties and bra.
Do you know any inside information or does anybody out there can we talk about that some?
Well, maybe we'll find out. We don't have much time today. Maybe tomorrow we'll do some inside investigative reporting.
Can I just say I love you?
I do know that it was a lovely green bride in the men's room. Go ahead.
I can hardly talk today to talk to you because you had me laugh and so hard. You are a very cool, you are the funny...
I'm a panic.
And I know funny people. I mean, I'm in the world.
I know funny people too, but you can't even speak. Oh, especially lately.
Well, you have a great day sweetheart. Thanks for the memories.
I love you.
See you, bye-bye. Thanks for the memories. 56670560. You know, this day has been almost too good. You know what?
Almost.
No, seriously, for the first day after a long, labor day holiday weekend and actually official end of the summer, even though it's not an encounter.
But you know what I'm saying? I do.
A shocker. A pleasant shocker.
One of the reasons is pleasant is because you're there and I'm here.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, not pleasant for you necessarily. Well, let's see what the temperature is here right now.
It's 22, which is 72.
It's sunny. I don't see no clouds in the sky. It's beautyous.
How do you like that? Beautiful.
It's sunny in 72.
Oh, from midi? It's pleasant.
And down there, what is it about? 95 in a shade plus it's raining and pouring and just windy and lightning.
Ooh. By the way, George Corso, nice job on getting this thing all straightened out.
Clear, it's next time we have a problem like that of any kind. Call up Fixit. Get his number. Get his shoe size. Call up Fixit.
And if he's not picking Dingelberry's out of his butt, that's interesting. Maybe he and Nemo can have like a Dingelberry off.
Okay. Huh? We have the beast be the judge. That's the least we can do to him to pay him back for a screwing around with our emotions the last year or so.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marlos Lain. We're talking about how to get a better flush.
Here's a call from Gearfield. Hello. Yeah. Neil. Yes, sir. Can you put this on your one of your buttons for the movie cool hand loop?
What we have here is a failure to communicate. I think we had that somewhere. Don't we George? I wish we know maybe somewhere.
Now we got a somewhere. If we don't have it, I know they have it in the other room. The sports nerds have them there because I've heard them play it on Hank's show or somewhere. We'll dig it out.
Okay. Thanks. Don't forget pal. When in doubt, dig it out.
Yeah. You think you got the message when in doubt? Dig it out. That's what I'm talking about with Jimmy Elson. Fix it. That's what he's trying to do when most also they're trying to dig it out.
5 6 7 0 5 60 course. He does look a little on the CD side anyway. Fix the don't he? Yeah, he does. If you catch my drift, I do. What's the biggest problem in South Florida?
I was going to say the QA signal should have been on there too. Too many Cubans 149. Oh, that's nobody's going to touch that.
No. Rudeness 74. The brutal summer heat humidity and rain 52 crooked politicians 51 too many New Yorkers 48. It's a toilet. I just had a stop because we've been talking so much about toilets.
Now I throw now I know where to go. If I'm on a toilet. 37 people say South Florida's it and that was very late addition to one. It's too crowded. 34. Too crowded. Nice planning down there. Okay. Well, you politicians. You assholes out there by me. In fact, I think that's one of the reasons people are going to get in the festival with raccoons and possums and stuff is because every inch of land. There's another another house another something. Right. Ain't nowhere to hide. No way to run too many illegal aliens.
28 too many old people 26 too many black people 20 too many old Jews 16. Drivers too many of the bad drivers 15. Absolute nothing. It's paradise 12. It's 2% out of 572 12 out of nearly 600 not too good. I mean 98% say problems and too many redneck still only eight.
How many hours it's been only about eight. Here's a fact from J who says I'm leaving Friday for Buffalo and I purchased tickets for the game against your beloved Patriots even though you're from the Buffalo area question.
I'm not from the Buffalo area from Rochester. I don't want to go through that again. Okay. Like I have to explain why I'm a fan of whatever team. What is that? I was wondering if you're going to make the short trip from Toronto to orchard park to see them lose. No, you see the bills lose. No, they're asking to get in like we did twice last year.
I'm especially excited about the Tim Horton peanut donut and sub from John and Mary's. Can you play the Buffalo bills fights on Ashley might says thanks J. I'm happy you got out. We all don't have the finances to do the same. Well, you know, I do.
Well, I give him a little shot just because he gave me a shot for being a Patriots fan. Okay. And I became a Patriots fan before Tom Brady arrived on the scene. Okay.
Blood so was a quarterback. I became a Patriots fan because they were exciting and that all of them are boring and frustrating and the fans generally speaking are a bunch of assholes.
In fact, all the stuff full of sports fans are very big percentage. I mean, there's a few that are like real sports fans.
I understand the games that are really like loyal fans and arrest them are like a bunch of more. I don't even understand the games.
Now, what are the panthers going to do without big number eight this year? Huh? What are they going to be rooting for?
Can we think of anything? No, I guess maybe for the end of the game.
And maybe maybe some of them free crap and drop it in between periods when they had the little little that little blimp that goes by, dropping on him freebies and little kids are like killing each other and jumping to fall over the adults and that and practically killing you in the aisle for like a stupid t-shirt or some crap.
I have a good idea what I'm going to do in the hockey games is like take a sack of like athletic t-shirts.
All right. Say all you assholes just sit down. I'll throw you a t-shirt from like 10 feet away. Just sit down. No kill us up here. That's all. Cut the crap. Open it's free!
One, in fact, the most embarrassing thing was when I would between periods one time I saw a rumor in the crowd reaching for one of those damn t-shirts.
142 at 560 WQM. Hey, I'll tell you one thing. Summers over no more barbecues. It says 9-2-2002. Troy, we love you number 23 but get serious.
Anyway, if you want to lose weight like the beast is doing and many, many, many others too I should point out balance for luck to be the answer.
Because, you know, especially for people don't have a lot of time to go shopping and you certainly don't want to be counting calories.
Counting calories, forget about that. How can even be accurate on that, right? Even if you check the label and you're doing the currently with carbs thing it's a pain in the ass.
That's why it's so easy with balance for luck because they do all they fingering and figuring for you. They deliver right to your doorstep at work or home wherever you want them to deliver.
Three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks and a little black sack and in your sack there's plenty of food to keep you satisfied. Don't get patty and think this is like one of those other weight programs where they give you enough for a pigeon.
They give you plenty of delicious fresh food with the best ingredients. Nothing throws no additives, no crap.
All you do is fill out your menu once a week. You have two choices for each meal every day and it's your own program and that's it.
And like magic, there's the sack at your door every morning and the weight just pours off your body.
So if you're frustrated trying to lose weight as in in other ways, here could be the answer you've been searching for for a long time.
Let balance for life take care of all those problems. If you're out of shape, lethargic diabetic around the verge. Call balance for life today.
9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29. Make it the beast name and they'll fall over laughing. That's 9 5 4 5 6 8 32 29.
You'll start seeing results on that scale in no time at all or check them on the web at balance for life.com.
I'm going to look all this is five cities. The radio's all yours.
You in.
Well, Buffalo has a football team the greatest in the land. Everybody thinks they're great.
And you're jazzed up that redneck stuff. You listen to that banjo. Holy sweet god listen to that.
When you say Buffalo bills, it don't sound so redneck you do it. Everybody sing along now. Are you bill fans? Here we go.
Well, the Buffalo bills are the best team. They have the best record over the last five years.
And they went to the Super Bowl four times which is more than I can say for this scum second phase. And they're at the greatest.
Like I believe like that uniforms they share his hell beat the heck out of having a fish on the helmet.
Because they're down Buffalo whole bills. The best football team what I ever seen in the history of my life.
They are the Buffalo bills. The Buffalo bills. The whole gym Kelly the greatest quarter back in the league.
Yeah, everybody that Buffalo bills. They're the Buffalo bills. And they've been around more than the stinkin rotten fish.
Well, that's Buffalo bills. Buffalo bills. What would you rather have as a pet of Buffalo or a fish?
148 to 560 prediction by the way to build a little suck again this year. Here's a fact from Zolly who's a a fag. I mean a gay man who says today's show is great.
Bob movements and toilet talk that's great stuff. Also guys who dress and drag are more common than you think. I believe that a lot of straight guys.
Secretly like to dress and feel like a woman inside scoop. By the way, I really hate Queenie fags too.
I like men and want to be with a real man. Not a man that acts like a woman. How do you like that?
Says Zolly in North Miami who's a real screamer. I mean a real man man's man.
560, 560, pound 560 into the universe. Here's a call from Kendall. Hello.
Yeah, yes, sir. How are you? Pretty good. Just before the break. I mean, just after your break, you know, they put on a commercial with Goldie doing some spots for somebody.
I don't know who it was. Yeah. But how does anybody hire this guy to do a spot for him? Because soon as I hear his voice, I turn it off.
Yeah, I mean, I can't listen to him in the morning. But you must have come back though after the spot thank goodness. Yeah. And but I mean, I just had an advertiser. Why would anybody hire you?
I don't know. I don't know. I do remember you bring back vivid horrible memories of the first day we were on a year.
QA him down on the second floor and that building. And I heard him doing a spot for a restaurant that is now coincidentally out of business.
And I thought to myself, are this serious? Is this like a real spot? I mean, are they really paying for somebody with a spot?
I mean, I don't want them not guilty, but I will anyway. I don't really see my guy and I ain't no. He isn't a real guy.
But if he had the bird, he'd have to go with it. I can't listen to him. Yeah.
And you know, somebody to hire him to do a spot. I don't have to say that.
It's an excellent question. I want to investigate it and see if I can get a good answer. Okay.
Don't you think that's a good question that he's asking? What? I'm sorry. I didn't hear it.
Oh, no, no. I know. I just pretend you didn't hear a damn thing. No, I understand. Just pretend you weren't listening.
I like dick a lot. Okay. Well, that's fine.
What 5.6. It was 0.5.60 pound. 5.60. I mean, how did Miguel wind up there? Is he gone? He's gone in 500.
What do you mean he's gone in 500? We had 500 an hour ago. And any left.
See, I, you know, I love Miguel. You know that. But, but this is, this is not a good deal.
Because unless we give a time that he plans on being there, it's okay if he, you know, get a ride.
There has to be a departure time because people are going to not go to wherever to hell.
They're not going to drive for 20 minutes. I mean, how many people are living within a close distance where he was?
That's it. They're all about to be in this. It's a commercial district. Yes.
So, you know, people aren't going to get in their car and go there unless he gives some idea of how long he's going to be there.
And then if it's dead, we can always say, well, Miguel just left. But just to get up and leave, you know, maybe there was some hot.
The couple that came in. He wanted to go chase them in dueling alleyway. I don't know. Maybe a couple of something.
5.6.705. So we got 500 bucks. That's, I don't know. It's not that impressive, but it's a Gables.
So we got 18,720. And here I was thinking we can go over 19 today, but we won't.
That's OK tomorrow. He'll be a little more logistically acceptable place. Right? Sure.
Here's a call from North Miami Beach. Hello. Meal. Yes, sir. Speaking of toilet. Yes.
The calcium in the water gets in and clogs those little jets where the water comes out at the top of the bowl.
Right. Under the rim. And sometimes every, so maybe every few years, you have to go in there and have somebody clean those so that they, that's where the water shoots down.
And then you have to clean out your jets. Have to clean out your jets. Yeah. The answer is right, right, right in the rim.
Right in the rim. OK. Thanks, pal. OK. Maybe I have rumour come over and go clean out my toilet.
Hey, and I did tell you tonight. I told you the exciting news when I was there about. He actually paid me that 13 bucks from that lottery ticket.
Yeah. From a year ago. You're not, you're not, you're just, you should be like jumping up and down. It's like a freaking miracle.
You know, I mean, he wasn't too magnanimous about it. I mean, he reached in there and after the four moths flew out. It was, you know, kind of touching go.
152 at 560 W. K. I'm the mad dog. The amazing gym man. It's coming along. You two were back to normal folks. You notice no comedy, but I mean, not the whole hour.
Except I went there. We're never going to drop that. The hump hour. The bed. I love the hump hour. Sometimes a couple of hours ain't bad.
When you got up this morning and took a deep breath, what were you inhaling? What were you breathing? If you're sick and tired of the schmutz, the mold's for us, particles and all the other crap in your air.
If you have a mold problem, call this number one 866 542 4995. That's the number four clean air restoration. These guys really know how to get your air clean.
If you have respiratory problems or allergies, call one 866 542 4995 right now. You spent hundreds of thousands of dollars on your home, but not a dime to ensure that the area breathing is clean has made too much sense to me.
The air filter system on your air conditioning system is there to protect the AC coils. It's not there to filter the air that you breathe and it doesn't.
Insecticide dust, yeast cells, skin flakes, building material dust, all of that schmutz. Clean air restoration is licensed and ensure that employees have been in the business for over 25 years.
Right now, clean air restoration has a special needle deal for you. For just 1995, they'll conduct a visual mold assessment of your house. They'll inspect your AC unit, your AC air ducts, your home interior and your attic too.
From now that I can suggest you might need to make the air in your home cleaner and safer and a lot healthier to breathe. Clean air restoration handles mold related insurance claims, commercial and residential projects too.
So improve the quality of your life by improving the quality of the air that you're breathing might be important. Call right now toll free 1 866 542 4995 or clean air restoration, making your air fit to breathe.
Now it's action news reveals who else is running for California governor. Homer, why are you running for governor? I can be a jerk and no one can stop me.
What are your qualifications? It's I'm uncompromising and rude. How would you balance the budget? Taxes, spending reductions? Something very close exactly along those lines.
What do you think about the other candidates? See candidates make me want to buy it in terror. Oh, what the fool thought?
That's tonight on action news. If you're elected, would you decrease your beer consumption?
Beer. Maybe. I have a very short attention span. I'm awake jerkhead.
157 at 560 W.Q.A. I'm going to keep in our IPO on California. I still can't get over it. I have to keep pinching myself, pinching it.
I'm going to keep pinching myself. I'm going to keep pinching myself. I'm going to keep pinching myself. I'm going to keep pinching myself.
What's the biggest problem with South Florida? We're asking on NearRodgers.com today. You think we're going to get 600 votes?
I would like to do that during the show on our first day after the holiday. It would be nice.
It would be nice to have 600 votes. We need 4 more in the 2 minutes. Can we do it? Sure we can.
Hop on there, baby. On NearRodgers.com. Put us over the top. Biggest problem in South Florida. Too many Cubans, 154.
Well, let me just say this to you. If you don't like Cubans, don't move to the Dave County. Yeah, there's a tip. Don't move to Pember Pines. Right. Where else?
What do you mean by that? I mean, give us the news. This is what the WS God. How come he's a Pittsburgh Steeler fan and his Franco here in the hair is still alive. That's right.
What is the main conversation and West Broward? By the way, is Franco here still alive? Franco American? Yes he is. Is Franco American?
I hate the Steeler's. Why despise the Steeler's? Well, as a brown span in my youth, you know, Steeler's were a very, a, a, a, I'm not just rival.
Too many Cubans, 154. Roodness 77. Crooked politicians, 55. Brutal summer heat humidity rain. All these things, 52. Too many New Yorkers, 51. Two crowded, 38.
Two damn crowded man. It's a toilet 37. Too many illegal aliens 31. Well, if it's a toilet, it's a squat. It's a squat. Sounds good to me. Too many old people 28. Too many black people 20. Too many
exposed driver 17. Too many old Jews 16. Absolutely nothing. It's paradise 12. Two percent 12 out of 596. Oh, by the way, we didn't make our 600 year. What do you got? I'm not leaving. Just reloaded. It'll, it'll be. I'm reloading it. I'm not leaving it. Do we get the 600 or mo or 603 and too many red. That's only eight.
Eight snow right now coming up next. We got these sophisticated gym medics from what's the name of that place? Michigan. Solan Ohio. Get out of here, man. Solan picked Joe Mark Jr. Bye, bye, bye.
