Berliste.
we constrained
Nothing can stop it now
Cause we are all scared of stars
Don't go to Asia
No
Don't go to Hong Kong
No
Still clear of Toronto
If you want to live long
People don't live forever
people must all the parts that's all
muriyanaki but no one wants it to happen now
no that's why we are scared of stars
people don't come together
people they stay apart
well happy Tuesday to you hope you survive the holidays
hope that everybody is still alive
are they still alive?
yeah it's a relative term
of course in that building it's a dubious
especially certain people
anyway I just got the first page of the schedule
we got a little facts machine problem at QAM
the channel is very unusual especially after a long holiday weekend
so if you want a facts to us today write down this number
don't use the usual facts number because it's
ain't gonna work for a while
305
65
oh
oh
181
6500181
that's the bullpen
the bullshmit the facts machine which is something that Marconi
would probably be embarrassed to have his name associated with
here comes the second page of the schedule
and I have no idea what they're by sending me this
because this is gonna be absolutely in any way pretty soon the schedule
we got some I can't give you all the specifics
and I don't want to be a troublemaker
but somebody told me have fun have a good time with it
is that what you just heard somebody say?
I heard that
now what they said
and got some programming changes coming to QAM
it looks like in the fairly near future
in the very very I don't want to give a date
okay I want to go on a year and start stirring up a lot of crap
but in the very very imminent future
in other words you can count the days on your hands
tell you're pinky
your toes
your big your big one
by the way speaking a big one congratulations to Amy
and what was his name?
Aaron
Aaron
for winning our first hot couples content
well I shouldn't say first didn't we have one be second
and right
oh that's right you had one
like I said for winning our first hot couples contest
what yours was like a dry run
sure
a dry hump
oh speaking a dry run
don't go to Amsterdam
and you idiots out there
you people at the
I see don't ever listen to the audience
I should learn it a long time ago
don't ever ever listen to these people I call in
because most of the people in South Florida
if they get more than 10 blocks from a home
that's like a major adventure
okay
don't listen to these idiots out there
do not write this down
and this is going to be our poll question today
about places that you used to love
but now you hate them like poison
do not go to Amsterdam
please I'm begging you
unless you just want to throw away your money
I mean if you want to do drugs
Georgia will get you hooked you up
no problem at all
I mean I will
yeah of course you will
just throw it right in South Florida
there's anybody that needs to leave that town
to go get drugs
needs a serious help
okay
now can you think of any other possible reason to go to Amstera
you kept saying good looking horse
well I don't I wouldn't even know it any
although I did take a big dump
and now Goldstein's toilet okay
I hope he's listening right now
up there in Pompo-no
don't call us we'll call you out
okay you're overbought
he's he's banned from like the human race
right
seriously nobody can talk to him
because everybody's suing him
and he just can't get his passport back
can't go to Amstera
dangerous
but I did take a huge dump
in your toilet island
it was a Mahaya man
it was the most enjoyable crap
I've ever taken in my life
that was the highlight of my trip
nine days it rained every goddamn day
I mean it's like there's a faucet in the sky
over England and Amsterdam
over the low countries
Belgium Amsterdam
what's the other one
Luxembourg
the Benelux countries
and it just keeps dripping
and dripping it's like
it's like having one of those VDs
that you're always complaining about
it was had that discharge
that drip that just never stops
like the Chinese torture treatment
speaking of Chinese by the way
no more kitty cat
huh
I could eat in the cat
will you please
we need that pussy cat
they're not even real cats
I don't care what they are man
they look like weasel
they're nasty or they are weasel
in fact they were showing pictures
of those civic cats
one of them looks just like guilty
you know
and probably made the same squeaking sounds
poor hotelie
isn't that going to be something
when we have all these interesting voices on this station soon
you got a lot of
yeah it's going to be great
did I just say that
what
I said we got some programming changes
coming up very soon at WQIM
I'm just alerting the world to it
okay I'm not going to give specifics
because I've been warned
do not get it go on a year
and give any specifics
because then they get all been out of shape
and then they'll say just like having an IOD
remember that I used to get blamed for all this crap
sure
that the Rick and Suds thing
Rick Riley would go on
and you're open up a big mouth
and tell things that none of us were supposed to say
and he would talk about a day
after day after day
and then I would say something
the right way they call me
and well you know
you're a rude and chuckmire's life
and he's finding out about the fact
he's going to get canned by your show
and I'm saying Rick Riley's talking about every day
that's going to be doing a morning show
you idiots
but I'm the one who always took the heat
because I'm a bad guy
and I'm proud of it
I'm pleased to be a piece of crap
anyway Aaron and Amy won the QCouples contest
hot whatever the thing is
they're hot
and it was very very close
because they naked
now what? Blanche and the Eddie or whatever things
we made up right
yeah
Stanley and Sarah Goldfarb came in second
with her new de photos
it was very tight is what I heard
yeah
like within about 20 or 30 votes
about 30
something like that
I'm not prepared for that
no well let's first stay back
oh no I'm really not
this is like a dry run of my own today
just to test the water
see if I want to come back to you tomorrow
also this show is going to be syndicated
that's another rumor we're hearing
is we're going to have this show syndicated
on about five million stations
we're going to have boner boys
going to be in charge of that project
now here's the poll you took on
what they was at Friday
so this poll was and I see
you're still milking at a movie stuff
I just got on my left
a week and a half ago
and he's still milking a movie
just once this only once
yeah likely story
trust me
a thousand and thirty five votes
of course it was a holiday weekend
that's a pretty lame number for poll
it was a year for what about 10 days
what is the most depressing movie
you've ever seen
George asked
oh and yellow
209
I never saw it with yellow
no he's as Carlos
what about boner boy
I'm sorry
I'm crying song
one night see
oh I hate to break the news
it's a little bit late now
to crack off the great A material
it's a little bit late sweetheart
to start being a comedian
yeah
big changes coming at QIM
that's what I'm hearing
and we're looking forward to it
I'm ecstatic
I remember to reach down and squeeze my knee can
yeah
big changes coming
and long overdue
it's about time they got off the pot
took a more than a year
well speaking of pot
today's the day that they're
tabling that resolution
about the criminalizing marijuana
at least a Sunday degree here in Canada
and speaking of here in Canada
before I get back to your
marginal pool
Jesus got it
first if you don't get the SARS
you don't get the skiers
with the West Nile virus
now we got the goddamn
mad cow disease
Jesus K Christ
you can go bowling in the streets again here
because they thought they
you know they were a little bit too cock sure
okay
what have I always told you
don't ever be too cock sure
and they thought that they had
the SARS thing
licked and low and behold
here comes another rachidicad
or whatever was another
kid kid kid kid kid
bar and they got
a few more cases now
so needless to say if there was
any you know usually on Memorial
Day since it's not a holiday
in the Canada
on Memorial Day a lot of Americans
come across the border
they come from Detroit and Cleveland
and Buffalo and wherever
and they come pouring into Canada
it's a place to go and you know
do your thing on a holiday
you think that we're here yesterday
no no
forget about it
anyway all of the
LR 210 Brian's song
on 196
a real tear jerker man
Philadelphia
150
with the anxious
Tom Hanks
Midnight Cowboy 86
Requiem for a dream 74
it was depressing all right
I don't think as many people
saw that
it was outstanding
and the good news is
George watched the happiness
yes I did
when you see it last night
you're right
and I was right
you were right
it was great except I didn't want it to end
that was what pissed me off
about the ending of it
like we need
any clothes run
so many things there
closure
yeah
that's what she told the dog
to close your mouth
haha
terms of endearment
68
Sophie's choice 59
and the band played on 56
what about the boys in the band
that was depressing
right
that's a fag movie
no what called it
and an old one too
be no
seriously that was a
that was a suicide-inducing movie
boys in the band
that was really morbid
and depressing
uh...
beat his 44
my life 23
what's my life
that's the one with uh...
god
remember his name
that he taped himself
because he's dying
because he's dying of cancer
for his son
oh
are you serious?
yeah
camera
remember his name now
the guy that did Mr. Mom
Michael Keaton
oh how depressing
yeah one to avoid
boxing hell on a 20
murder in the first
I have no idea what that is
tweed on
what
me either somebody called it in
el norte 11
dancer in the dark
is that supposed to be
dancing in the dark
dancer in the dark
i haven't heard a half
a
head nine
rapture head eight
i got that i think i have that
in the other room
i haven't watched it yet
it's interesting
cinema peridiso eight
that was very interesting
and the fan
the new version of the fan
six votes out of
a thousand forty-four
i'm sure that they're
pouring it right now to add
onto the poll
yeah
the George took days and days
and days ago
what here's our poll today
i don't want to spend more
than two or three hours
discouraging you people
from going to Amsterdam
remember the guy that
called me like the
there to before i left
for vacation
no any city just got back
a few days before he had
never been there at this
time of the year before
and seen so few people
and sure you were
absolutely correct sir
and i'm going to tell you
when there's nothing but
tourist there and i've
put it this before i
is in my trip there last
December which i thought
would be my last
when there's nothing but
Dutch people there
you don't want to go there
i mean forget about it
god
that's that's what made
it a great place
it was like a melting pod
from people
especially from all over
Europe and the rest of the
world too but like all
kinds of people not
anymore nobody's
traveling
everybody's scared
if it isn't the
tourist going to get you
it's going to be the goddamn
sars and if it ain't the
sars it's the west
nile or it's something
or the mad cow or the
whatever
the mad dog or the angry
puppy yeah then my kill you
well that was another
did you hear it was not
only the civic cat it was
the Argentinian dog
no sir yo yes you
know the Chinese eat
cash and dog yeah they do
and well and weasels
apparently and weasels
yeah so don't eat no
weasel meat okay it's bad
for you if you get a hold of
guilty don't touch that weasel
meat 913 and oh i didn't
get to the point what we'll
do it eventually so you got
a lot of money that's right
we got a whole four hours
today it's the first day
after the holiday weekend
it's going to be a real
bitch in terms of
anybody called our
fax machine is screwed up
if you want to fax
or something don't
forget 305
650181 that fax machine
will think about i think
by Wednesday at noon yeah
if you fax now by tomorrow
at noon we'll have your fax
that's how our cake and
piece of crap that is but
again it's engineering you
don't of course have a
whole year around it would be
fixed by now but we don't have
that whole year anymore
because they screwed them
over although we do have fix
it fix it fix it it is
fix it working on it yes
he is how you don't fix it
good to hear like i said
he's not a bad guy he never
had the same size
screwdriver that Steve
Ziggler had though
well who does he said
Steve had the big one at i.o.d
913 at 560
if you got a big
poopic and you're trying to
get rid of it let me tell
you right now balance for
life is something you really
ought to consider
in fact it's may already
but it still feels kind of
new years this you know what
i mean
nothing yeah yeah really does
it feels like we're still in
that part of the 2003
where it's like they're
closer to the beginning then
to the end and so if you'd
like to lose that weight and
get into shape and do not be
diabetic and not be sick
and disgusting and grotesque
and we're some real size
clothing instead of those
clown pants here's the answer
for your balance for life
we've got zillions of people
in this audience including
Jeff Kohn over at the
pizza lot who've lost their
crampload away with balance
for life because it's easy
there's no calorie counting
there's no carbohydrate
counting there's no
carbohydrate counting there's
no cooking no shopping
no cleaning no worries no
nothing because they do all
of that for you they deliver
right to your door at your
home at your work at your
orifice where we are every
day six o'clock in the
morning is the deadline by
six and a.m. there's your
little black sack and inside
there's the answer to your
weight problems three
delicious gourmet meals
two delicious snacks are
right in your black sack and
of course plenty of food to
keep you full all day long
there's nothing frozen
nothing artificial no
crap it's all fresh delicious
and you choose between two
choices for each meal and
snack every day that you're
on a program so you've got
five feedings every day
oh that's a good way to put
it so you won't go hungry and
you won't be cheating on it
because there's plenty like
I said to keep you satisfied
so instead of being a
lethargic and sick and
disgusting looking lose that
weight once and for all with
balance for life give it a
try this could be the answer
you've been looking for
call them today nine five
four five six eight thirty
two twenty nine nine five four
five six eight thirty
two twenty nine or check them
out of the web at balance
for life dot com and start
seeing results within just days
five and look all this is five
six three
three
three
two
three
four
four
five
six
eight
twenty
four
five
eight
fifty
three
four
climb up in Maybach.
The undercover brother is back in uniform on the Eddie Griffith Show.
Yo yo yo, what's up, baby?
What the hell are you doing?
I'm at B.
That's good, because Eddie Lackas saw it and was joking to talk.
Yeah.
Mayberry will never be the same now that Eddie Griffith's in town.
God, my man, isn't I need me a throw, bro?
Give it brother a big ol' blow.
You ready?
You want me to put a little relax in there?
Maybe, maybe, little Jerry Carroll, bro.
Listen up, listen up.
Don't be making me look like no ass shotin'
because I threw your ass in there and ate the oldies in the dry.
The Eddie Griffith Show tonight on Nick at night,
right after my three homeboys.
I think I'm dialing down 565-560, baby.
I need to see this 560-WDFM.
I'll tell you what we ought to do today.
Don't have a prize to give away,
but it's kind of like a sidebar to what we're going to do with this pool
and the rest of whatever the hell we do today.
We got prizes.
No, no, seriously, we ought to have people call it
and they guess what the programming changes are that are coming on QAM.
I think, huh?
Yeah.
Don't you think that's a good idea?
And if they get it exactly right,
then maybe we'll think about giving them a prize.
Or not.
Look, if you get a prize,
just don't forget our next hot couple's contest.
It starts right now.
Why not?
Right.
And you can email us a picture at neo-rogers.com of yourselves.
Please do it together.
Okay.
We don't want to have to do like we did with Aaron and Amy.
That worked out just fine.
It did work out just fine.
Hey, Aaron, how's it hanging, sweetheart?
At any rate, you have to till June 15th.
So we're getting like a head start on this.
Okay, getting a little head start.
Thursday, May 15th, pictures will be posted on our website.
And then the voters can vote for a whole week.
And then on June 22nd, a couple of the most votes wins first prize.
Now, grand prize will be the same.
Three days to the United States for two of the Royal Oasis resort in Cassino and in Bahamas
with round trip airfare and liquor air.
But second prize we changed, which was the hedonism trip to hedonism.
Yeah.
And the grilled Jamaica.
It was everything.
What was the name of that place?
Yeah, I'm careful.
Negro Jamaica.
Negro.
I say.
You say, two day stay for a hedonism, two or three in Jamaica, all inclusive transfers food,
drinks, gratuitous, but no airfare.
Oh.
And third prize is dinner for two of the pizza loves.
So Jeff Cohen slud down, slud down one notch on the elater.
But that's okay.
I'm sure we don't know yet if we're going to have that second prize again.
Oh, we're checking on it.
Well, let's you know.
We'll give you whatever it is.
I don't know how we feel like it.
Okay, but at least you'll be famous.
And if you don't want us to use your real names, by the way, let us know up front.
No, no, seriously, that would be nice.
We don't want to have to put Sarah Gullfarberne, Max Gullfian on there, to try to cover up your identity,
because somebody you know, I recognize you.
It's like the people with the cute couple, what's their name, Chris and what's your name?
I don't know.
Molly.
Yeah, you do.
I remember.
And at any rate, I mean, everybody that knows them is, knows they got that thing.
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
I mean, would you want mommy, especially your mommy, for example, to watch you chasing your wife around,
trying to grab a hold of it, long enough to do something with it?
You think my mommy knows what a computer is?
Oh, well, I'm guaranteeing Chris and what's your name's mommy and daddy?
They're probably a little hippy and younger on the age of 100 today.
Anyway, here's our poll question today.
What place did you visit or live in that you once loved, but now dislike the most?
I think that's worded fairly well.
Right.
In other words, a place that used to go to maybe once or maybe a whole used to go there all the time,
or maybe you lived there and you loved it.
You just were in Chandlerwood and now you despise it a lot.
And I have a short list so far.
Amsterdam, that would be my vote.
I make no bones about it.
Bone, bone, bone, no bones about it.
Dispise it.
It's just gotten schmutzier and danker and nastier and they got bad unemployment there
and the people are walking around like shleppers because most of them are.
I'll tell you if you want to see a lot of guys that look like Elystice Grant.
Be here and what not?
And you will give in and rip and winkle with that little corn cob.
You see, you're laughing.
It's like a throwback.
It's like the world stood still and went back 100 years.
Seriously.
And we got on the train and went to Cologne, Germany for one day for a few hours.
And it's not really that far away.
I don't know, a couple hundred miles.
And that's such a beautiful city.
The people there are just incredibly great looking and well dressed and it's an upscale city.
All these beautiful shops.
And even a train station in Cologne, I put it this before, you could spend a whole day there.
You could have a between all the great food they've got there in the beautiful toilets.
You see now your laugh and there's a rule.
What the hell do they call that room?
It's got two like sunny faces on it and it's called, I don't know, I don't know the sit in room.
The clap, the clap mice there.
I don't know what it's called.
But anyway, you go in here and it cost you a euro coin.
I think it's like 60 cents to take a leak.
And it's 1.6 euros.
Oh, and by the way, speaking of that American dollar, it's a good thing we got out of there.
I'd be broke already.
Do you realize the euro is up to over 118 now against the dollar?
Yeah.
And even here in Canada, it's like 73 cents.
Man, what is happening with an American dollar, an American economy, boys and girls?
It's in the crapper.
But anyway, they have this beautiful crapp place in the right in the train station.
And for a buck 60 or 1.6 euros, you go in and you can take a crap.
And I mean, just all this great linens and stuff to wash and it's great.
So, Kallon is great.
Go there if you want to go someplace, but do not go to Amsterdam.
It's depressing and dank and gross and filthy and disgusting.
And there's nothing there but Dutch people who look like a relic out of the dark ages.
You see, you think I'm exaggerating?
I should have taken a bunch of pictures of the locals there.
Yeah, you should have if only you had a little camera.
They got these big beers and big old puppets and just...
I just never seen a place where people looked like that.
Anyway, Amsterdam, New York, certainly gets some votes on that,
because we got a lot of disenchanted, disenfranchised New Yorkers in South Florida.
And Vegas, that's got to be one.
What do you think?
Sure.
So, there's the start.
There's the list of three places for you.
What place did you want...
Did you use the visitor or live in that you once loved,
but now dislike the most?
Amsterdam, New York, Vegas, and then we'll have you call some in.
Anybody got the new lineup on QAM yet?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
And of course, when I say the new lineup, this is all speculation.
You don't understand the ocean.
Of course.
Do we have to preface this by saying, well, there's just a lot of rumors floating around.
We're just going to have a good time with it.
Don't get any to say that to cover everybody's ass.
Here's our first call of a brand new week.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Welcome back.
Hey, George.
Good to show you for the Carlos.
And, Neil, does that guy...
Does that guy...
comes on with George when the Rick and Shudder said,
does he know sports?
Because he must have forgot for a rub and get together.
That'd be pretty cool.
What, what guy's that?
The Rick.
Sorry, can you tell him how it's said?
Oh, suds, he knows nothing about sports.
He just likes sports almost as much as George.
Now, fortunately, I don't have a vote for your poll.
But if I had the two of any players, I'd say, my goddamn grandma didn't have a spot.
I hate it.
Okay.
Have a great new year, grandma.
Thank you.
He says, I'm well as sucks.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
On the AT&T and Verizon, wireless line.
So, George saw happiness last night.
That's a good step.
We're making some progress now.
I should tell that bed story, but I better not.
Well, it wasn't their fault.
I better not.
They'll be distressed.
I'd or not.
Thanks very much to my friends and dial amateurs for trying to do something very nice for me.
It's for trying very hard on their end.
That's all I'm going to say.
And fat boys, stay out of my life.
Okay, you tub of crab.
Is he still in the hospital?
No, he's at home convalusing.
Oh, is he really?
Yes.
Probably in the crispy creams to it at the time, one of each hand.
You disgusting tub of crab.
You stay out of my life, fat boy.
Okay.
Quit complicating my life.
Quit trying to be a Mr. Run, everybody else has got them furious for them.
Take care of your own fat affairs.
You disgusting, dying tub of crab.
Jesus Christ.
Come on, stop me.
I know you're down there.
926 at 560 W.
We got a big week.
And this audio, you notice?
I mean, I realize it's day after Memorial Day holiday.
But we have a pressure pack week coming on this radio station.
And when the Schmidt hits the fan, it's going to be some heavy action at Jackson.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I think even Bonobo is going to idea what's going on.
927.
What?
927 at 560 WQ.
And boy, sure it's great to be back.
You know, no, it is great to be back in Toronto anyway.
It's supposed to be in Amsterdam.
It would be great to be in the Batavia as compared to Amsterdam.
It's horrible.
I'm not exaggerating.
I have nothing to gain with you.
Go there or not.
It's your money.
But I'm just telling you, a little piece of advice from the old Fag
do not waste your time going to a place that used to be.
There are a lot of places that used to be great.
Think of different places where they used to live that are now slums.
You know, whether they had the changing neighborhood, that kind of thing.
You don't want to go back there.
I have been telling you for a long time about something that's really good for you.
It's called Oliomet.
In fact, I'm popping it myself right here in Toronto.
I've got a whole bunch.
And thank you also guys.
See, I had a little bit better success with the Oliomet getting here than the bed story.
Oliomet soft gels contain the best olive oil on the planet.
Not just ordinary olive oil, but super concentrated little with all kinds of good stuff for you.
And popping Oliomet in your pussy every day can help reduce the risk of heart disease, high cholesterol.
And now there are 14 different Oliomet formulas from which to choose.
Each one, combining the finest olive oil and money can buy with vitamins, minerals, herbals to support different parts of your health from your bones, to your blood pressure, to your immune system.
Just choose the formulas that are right for you.
And now they've got three brand new Oliomet formulas.
One to help you sleep.
One to help you control that disgusting weight.
And sell Q10 for your heart.
Pick some up today wherever you do your shopping.
Pick up Oliomet at Publix.
Echards, Walgreens, Whole Foods, Markets, Neuvera, or Sardinos, or order it online if you prefer at oliometamerica.com.
If you want to get more information call tool 3-1-866 Oliomet.
And they'll tell you all about their products and where to stick them.
1-866-6536633 for better health get some Oliomet and start popping it in your pussy today.
We are supporting O5 City, UAM.
And now here's comical Oli, the former I Racky Minister of Information, with today's health update.
Sexually transmitted or crawling around things, you know.
And I looked down on my left handers like this little red postule.
Now this isn't the first time in my life.
It's maybe like the second or third time of her handers.
See, you're shaving too close.
Yeah.
But at any rate, and I looked down here, and it really from a distance, you know, without my glasses,
I don't usually wear the glasses in the shower, although it probably would help me see it better.
But there's this red postule man.
And then I realized it was like from an ingrown here, you know, like a little red lump.
And today it's almost gone.
Was your least it was something that like dwell on, you know, when you get to a certain age,
you want to have stuff that you dwell on.
Well, well, that got a lot longer, do we?
Huh?
I said, how's it going?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Mount.
Anybody in the audience ever have like a ingrown here and they're nut?
How about the women out there in the audience?
I meant that's something that Mufford likes to find out about, don't you think?
I'll go out.
Maybe he'd like to find out if Bonerboy has an ingrown something.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Welcome back, sir.
Thank you so much.
I want to weigh in on two of your polls, the other way away.
The unofficial one, I think it's they want to put for now on the morning show to put it up a little.
No, that's not right.
That's what I mean.
You're in the ball.
Let me say that you're in the ballpark.
Oh, very good, sir.
In addition to which, since I can't really say for a certain idea what it is,
if somebody gets it right, there might just be a long silence.
You know what you want to say?
I hope they keep trying.
And as far as we're the poll, I've got to weigh in on my very hometown.
Miami, Florida.
Okay.
You once loved it.
And now you hate it like poison.
And I'm still living here.
Well, good luck, Kee Amigo.
Thank you, sir.
Okay, I see you.
He was, he was like, Teppet, I would say, was Luke Warmer.
Where are you going tonight?
935, 560.
See, you know something about Ferrell.
I got to be very honest with it because when he first came to the station,
when we first got the word, when the memo came down,
when it was in the newspaper and Barry Jack has his comments,
this is the way we announce everything I've QAM because Barry and Greg got something going.
They're really tight.
In fact, maybe Barry and Greg would like pull out each other's ingrown testicles.
But I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
I think that's the way we're going to do it.
Of course, there are some people a little bit scared to go outside.
Where are we?
Detroit.
With that crap team that they've got, 17,600 in some odd.
Yankees and Red Sox, 55,000.
Got it.
Graves and the Reds.
I'd probably shouldn't go through all of these because it's terminal.
33,000 in some odd.
Colorado hosting the Giants, 28,000.
Cubs hosting the Parade.
The Parade is getting blasted.
40,000 at Wrigley Field.
Cardinals in the Astros, 35,600.
Diamond Vax into Padres, 32,000.
And the Marlins in the Spose, 8362,
announced it means there were maybe 5,000 people there.
You ready for that?
And they're talking baseball.
They're talking baseball.
Nobody cares about baseball.
They don't you understand?
Talk about neurotic repetition, man.
It gets in no material.
567-0560.
See, I remember that last nut.
Did you do the shows when I was going to do it in that for all voice?
I hope.
I did one on an entire segment that way, and that was all I could do.
What?
I suffered for the rest of the week because of it.
Come on, let me see the news.
21.
Oh, he's an air and definitely an acquired taste.
You have to get used to it and figure out what he's all about.
Because my clearance first asked me what I thought.
I said, oh my god, this is the worst crap I've ever heard in my life.
Who's going to listen to a voice like that?
Me.
And me too.
There's no chance you'll ever take himself seriously, which is great.
Well, thank god for that.
You know, right there alone is a step in a right direction
if all these rumors that we're hearing pan out.
You know?
If all these rumors come true, what a tremendous improvement that'll be
over what we've experienced for the last 14, 15 months.
Talking about certain people.
Not that we want to get into personalities.
You do understand that.
But we people that take themselves a little bit too seriously
and they're hair piece as well.
I'm a little.
This is 20 or 5-6.
You way up.
Damn, they're killing them.
Hey, Koishi, my insurance from work is okay, but I know
thinking it's booty now.
Oh, you're so right.
Too bad they're not company that offer sub-romeda issues.
You say something Koishi?
Hey, I say, so sorry.
No company have coverage.
Pick up where other coverage revolve.
Ah, correct.
Who talking?
I am.
I say too bad.
You insurance a no go far enough.
If only there was another way.
Ah, correct.
So sorry I know here you because stupid duck keep ringing
dog and interrupt insurance conversation.
Ah, correct.
Wait, this commercial is a stupid.
Or a must at stupid as a commercial with Yogi Vera.
Ah, correct.
It's a night.
I just want to make sure the afferag duck was done.
A kinder gentler afferag duck.
944-560 W.
Here's a fact which stood the miracle of modern technology.
Actually, we're able to get a facts through here.
Only required four people to get that.
Oh, and I should just mention this in case fix it might be
a little bit of technical involvement in this radio show.
Instead of the usual horse ball half-ass George Corso
can be a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of A little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of the little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of the little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit more.
Norma can't.
Inorma, by the way, I'm getting the show syndicated without your help, you idiot.
You're simple, and you useless piece of dreck.
Lots of exciting things.
And by the way, this thing that we're talking about, that we can't talk about on the
ears as far as the all these schedule changes, this thing we're not talking about, the thing
we're not talking about.
I wonder if he's even aware of this.
Don't call me by the way, Norma.
I won't call you.
And then you know, don't call me.
It'll work out just great.
And even though I just got back on Sunday, do you realize how pleasant life is?
Now that my phone isn't ringing off the hook, certain people that aren't bugging the hell
out of me anymore.
Oh, God.
Life is like almost paradise.
56670560, pound 560, on the 18 and T in Verizon, wireless line, a big wicked QAM.
I see even old, funny, daddy Jim Sarny had a liner to and ever about the Scott Porell.
Yeah, he's feeling it.
He's feeling mighty low, Jim Sarny.
He's still can't find nothing.
Maybe he's got an ingrown hair in his left testicle.
Here's a call from Tamarack.
Hello?
Neil?
Yes, sir.
It's terrific hearing you live on the radio.
Let me tell you that much.
Okay.
God love you.
Or Neil God about the vacation spots that it turns out that they have cottage cheese
pies and they blow chunks.
I might have to go for ask when Colorado.
Okay.
That's been in the tank on your programming change.
It's Scott Porell and Carlos.
I think replacing the dirty voice since you already eliminated.
Since you already eliminated the possibility of them being in the morning because you discounted
that somebody.
That would have been my first gift.
Well, wait a minute.
Now the guy said, keep in mind what he said.
He said he's replacing Mo on the morning show or something.
What did the guy say?
He's not.
They were adding him to that show, which is not correct.
But anyway, so that guy is such a, in terms of demographics, the guy is a billionaire.
The guy is huge because your older listeners have either a son or a nephew that's in that
exact time frame in terms of when they came around the planet.
That's the best guess, man.
I'll speak to you later.
It's really great having you back.
Neil, I love you.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
That was great.
10 before 10 at 5.60 W. Come on.
We got now.
Let's see.
The schedule says today Jim Mendesch at one o'clock.
Oh, right.
No change there yet.
Tank Goldberg at three from Shula's.
No change there yet.
Yet.
Uh, Marlon's on Dec. 6.30.
We wish we could change that, bringing like a real exciting team in a time of.
But somebody cared about it like maybe the braves, although they don't care that much
either.
Got a bunch of phony fans there in Atlanta, man.
They suck.
Although you noticed the next lowest attendance, there wasn't any other attendance in single
digits when I read those box scores.
The next lowest I think was Detroit with 17,000.
Of course, the Tigers have won about four games in two years now.
So why would anybody go there?
Plus it's in Detroit.
Marlon's in the expose.
Let's see if we can't do a little better than the 8300 from yesterday on a holiday.
Gee, that's embarrassing.
Even George is humiliated by that.
Yeah.
If he would have realized it would have been so bad, he'd have probably taken a family
out there and gone and bought a couple of tickets, huh?
Yeah, of course I would.
Just to put a couple of asses in the seats.
The expose and the expose and the expose in Marlon's at 705, any K at 10 o'clock, enjoy
Mark overnight, two to six for now is what it says here.
I mean, why do they waste the paper sitting in the schedule when they know that any moment
now we may have some major changes coming on.
You understand?
Have some big exciting stuff going on at station.
It's about time.
You're right, Jim Sarni.
It's about, and in the coast of short, if you're right enough crap, sooner or later,
so it'll come back and hit the ground.
Too bad Jim Sarni writes all that stuff about radio and Tom Jicken will write anything
about it.
He's still too busy writing about how ABC's new fall shows suck and it's the end of May.
Here's a call from Boca.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing, Neil?
OK.
First of all, I just turned 63 yesterday, 526.
I'd like to get a jingle by May 526.
Happy birthday, pal.
OK, and on your poll, I think Carlos is taking over George's spot.
I think he's proven himself that he's the better, better still listen to.
George is pretty much on its way out.
So I have a chance.
The way I'd like to go, I could use the house the way soon.
And I'd like to recruit George.
Would you?
If that would be possible.
OK, I think your freaky Carl will speak you to it.
Maybe it was Reverend Jones doing a voice doing every day last week.
Did he really?
Yeah.
Well, at least he's down there for several times a day.
He's out there.
Maybe he would like to recruit you.
Maybe that's what it's all about.
I'm sure.
Maybe he'd like to put you into his flock.
No doubt.
5667, 0560.
So there's the guest that the bonerboy is taking over George's spot.
Of course, we already know that's true.
Anyway, that's imminent any day.
OK, can I hold on to poll now?
Poll is up.
We got a short list because we're not getting the kind of response that we should be.
That's because we got this other stuff like throwing us off a little bit.
Well, there is some of the highlights from yesterday's Marlon game.
25-day road trip.
They lost a vote.
Oh, boy.
As they kicked the show, the esposas.
But there was nobody there.
And really when they showed on there, they showed the wide screen in the embarrassing Detroit
3.
See, I told you, what place did you visit or live in that you once loved?
But now dislike the most Detroit 3, Amsterdam 2, New York 2, Vegas 1 and Cancun 1,
only 9 votes.
But it just topped up our poll.
So you can hop on it.
And don't forget to email us those pictures for the June contest to have a couple
of contest.
Now, what did we decide that people had lost before they can continue entering?
Correct.
But not if they won like second or third prize.
No, right, right.
That would be unfair.
Yes.
So anybody that entered before, I mean, let's face it, if you entered and you got like
three votes and you look like crap, I mean, unless you want to humiliate and degrade
yourself again, I mean, you're entitled to do it.
But why would you want to go through that again?
I'd be embarrassed and humiliated and get like two votes out of the line.
So in other words, if each of the top two had over 700 votes, we must have got quite
a few votes, right?
Right?
By the way, something.
Yeah, the facts machine seems to be working.
Oh, all right.
Okay, let's go back to the old facts number 305 650198.
All right.
650, leave it to that fix it, baby.
He's the best.
He got out his big one and he stuck it right in the phone line there and twisted it
out.
Got all the crap out of there.
Nice going, Fixie.
Nice having you with us.
Okay, you, how long has he been hanging around there?
I saw him last week for the first time because he was there a member about a year ago.
Jim Yelton is his real name, I should mention that.
Jim Yeltsin, our Russian invader engineer guy, brings back the memories of WIOD back in
the days when we're at our real radio station.
WIOD.
Oh, I hate that station.
And now look at how the tables are turning especially in the coming days of QAM.
It's going to be a major explosion in your radio.
Oh, somebody coming in like Jimmy C's tonight for those Latin lovers down there, buddy,
old porch.
Come on.
You know, the best part of him is I have no idea what he's talking about.
No, I don't think he does.
And he hasn't either, which is kind of like this show a lot of the time.
The more you coherent you are, the better the audience likes it.
567, 0560, pound, now, now, what's your name, Fixit?
Now that you got that taken care of, now start thinking about that line 5, okay?
Let's start communicating with him directly as opposed to try to go through Corso and Bob
Vermuth and all these other half-assed horseball make-believe engineers.
Let's start using Fixit as our new Hulio.
Have the game a little bit of weight, but nevertheless.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Welcome back.
Thank you.
Good stuff on the air after you left, but I want to weigh in on the lineup.
So not the refrigerator.
Good job.
Yeah.
He's still sucks, but I, you know, it's getting better.
Okay.
What do you call?
Gellies out.
Yeah.
Moe moves to the afternoon lineup.
Moe moves to sunrise.
Correct.
And gets moved in front.
Morning, morning drive.
Partially, you're getting warm.
Look warm.
Well, I heard the pause, so for yourself.
It was kind of like a half-and-pause.
Okay.
Let's see what we got on list so far.
How's it coming?
Because this pull, I don't know.
I thought it was a good pull question to myself and mainly because of my bitterness about
the Amsterdam experience, wasting all of that money.
And it was like, it's flustered down the turlid.
I could have got a Vegas lost every dime and at least had a good time doing it, you know?
Because Vegas is still fun.
But it would be like if you went to Vegas and you took all the tourists away and it was
just the local Nevada people there.
You'd hate it.
Although, although like I told you before, the show this morning, at least Vegas has
still got the casinos and the gambling and the shows and the excitement.
But if you only had the local people there and believe you, me, the local, I don't want
to insult anybody who might be listening in Vegas on the internet or who lived there.
But let's face it, and it's still a cowboy town.
It's a bunch of Yahoo's, man.
It makes Tampa look like Manhattan.
That's how backwoods Vegas is.
So if you took all the tourists away and that's the same thing now with Amsterdam, all
the town you have is those nasty, miserable, grotesque, smelly, Dutch people.
But they do have great soap and deodorant.
I brought back some of my fire.
And because we do have so many Middle Eastern people here in Toronto, I brought back some
of the fell also.
Where are the exploding balls?
I'm feeling so lonely.
I'm so lonely I could die.
You know, I'm hurt so bad.
A love of boy has gone.
Pat kissed on the truck.
Took his rubber dumps and his webster sized dumps.
A love of boy has gone.
No more time to play.
I told them I'm not gay.
But police took him away.
Every day I sit and ask myself, what can I do wrong?
What I play with my hands on.
Here I am alone.
With my spark of care falling on my ethnic clean.
As I jump on life trampoline.
I am all alone in my thinking tree.
Well, playing it to me, he's got no personality.
So I feel all alone.
10 out of 2 at 5.60 WDQ.
I'm happy Tuesday.
So you remember I'm here now.
Got a little spy report during the last break.
Remember that I'm here.
It is a mo and guilty on the overnight show.
I think maybe Jill and Mark are out after that last bad book.
You think we're starting to get a little bit warmer now?
I think we're starting to get a little bit warmer if you ask me.
5.60 WDQ.
5.60 WDQ.
5.60 WDQ.
5.60 WDQ.
5.60 WDQ.
5.60 WDQ.
5.60 WDQ.
5.60 WDQ.
3.40 WDQ.
5.60 WDQ.
5.60 WDQ.
5.60 WDQ.
5.60 WDQ.
5.60 WDQ.
Here's a call from Montclair.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
I've got to one ear poll.
It's very good.
Okay.
Awesome more marrow with it.
Parallels Detroit a lot of ways.
Once a great town with commerce and manufacturing real people now it's just a real
dive and okay I'll stay out of it. Hey by the way yes sir. It's a
post-tual not post-tual genius. Okay thanks. This is the the the
Abunion guy. That's the Abunion guy genius. I thought you said post-tual. I said
Puss as I was thinking about him. That's the guy again that's the Abunion guy.
Yeah. Mr. I'm smart and you're dumb but I'm obsessed okay. 5 6 7 0 5 6
they know ladies know nothing today it's gonna be pretty weak. What did you do
the audience over it? Even the guy that hated you said you were okay. I want to
cause last week boner boy. They actually weren't bad. Half the time. See I don't
want some kind of a sugar coated answer. I want to share coated. There was like a
melee mouth answer. It would be like me asking you what the new lineup is
gonna be and then you're trying to like beat around a bush because you know
you're gonna get your ass canned if you tell everybody. And the same thing with
us. How are the very directs. This is like when I asked a poll question I speak
proper English and they have corrects who wouldn't have had any calls at all.
There you go. 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the on the 18 T and for eyes on wireless
line what place did you visit or live in that you once loved but dislike the
most. So far in New York 8. Mine is 7. Amsterdam 7 Detroit 5 Vegas 2 and
can't go to how can it only be 31 votes. Maybe their choices none or yet we
haven't added Baltimore yet for our a bullion guy. You think that could be it
that we put this honor too soon. Maybe their choice ain't on or yet right or
maybe they still love those places that's possible. Maybe they don't have any of
these categories. Maybe they still love New York they just can't afford to live
there or maybe they got thrown out or maybe they always hated those places. Right
like Amsterdam and maybe they still like going there and getting the stone on
their ass. Okay in spite of oh it's so sad so sad in fact maybe Elton John can
write a song about it. Here's a lady a lady in the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi
overcrouted crazy traffic forable. Too hot and by the way I do love George. Okay
thanks Donna. Bye bye George said the check is in a mail so there's one that's
not gonna make our friend too happy. He's gonna be pissed off. Now she's right
Orlando used to be kind of a fun town now it sucks was. Yeah was it was okay. I
liked it. I used to see Bonerboy at the parliament house all the time. How could
you beat that smoking parliament lights. How could you beat it with a stick or 5 6 7
0 5 6. Oh guess what was on movie? All it's channel was you don't get last night.
God damn it. It was a show about graffiti. And it was actually some glory
holes that they showed because they were showing turlits you know different
bars and joints and places. Yeah and they showed glory holes on it which I
thought would have fit right in so well with this show but the graffiti thing of
it was really interesting and they had like a bunch of perverts on it you know
people that we can relate to and they were discussing the reasons why people do
the thing and if I they were showing women who used their lipstick and they had
one brought on her who had a big what do you call these things? Prest. No she had
big breasts too but they were saggy but she had like a big magic marker what do
you call those things like a sharpie. A big sharpie. She had a big sharp one and
she's stranded on and she was checking out that glory hole I think. Now
seriously she had a big sharpie and then the other women were showing how they
used the different shades of lipstick to record graffiti. I never thought that
then ladies John that you would find like a lot of graffiti. How the hell would we
know? We wouldn't know but you might. You're the kind of guy that probably goes
slick here when nobody's looking. Sure. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless Line kind of a creepy start here especially on that pole.
Jesus Christ did you drive the whole freaking audience away? Let's blame George
Ford. That's what Vener Boehner boys said. Only 34 votes on here we've been
pumping this thing for a half an hour. I think you hit it earlier their choices
on there or they always thought these places sucked. Yeah or maybe they maybe
they think these places are great maybe. You think that everybody in this audience
who's been to Aspen Colorado thinks it sucks? Isn't that what Vener Boehner boys
always raven about? Aspen or is it that other place? Why? My guest. You like
asked and asked it. Here's Miami. Hello. The new lineup. 6 to 10 Scott
Ferell, Jim Manage and Jan McKay. Now you can close. 10 to 2. Yeah.
Your Rogers. 2 to 6. Thanks. 6 to 10. The big. Oh. Yeah. Do you move it back to 10 to 2?
Oh that part. Well we'll see. I didn't even notice he said 10 to 2. Well I could be
part of the way I think and it could fit or not as the case might be. That would
sure be great going back to 10 to 2. What do you folks think about that? Okay
thank you. I just counted all the hands are up in a year and they said we like it.
I sure like it. God damn nine o'clock hours. It's just it's a nightmare. Thanks a
lot Greg for taking a year of my life and practically putting me in a grave
give me a stroke you jackass you grave the robber man. That's what he is. He's a
freaking grave robber. Have to go through all the song and dance just because of
the fact that he screwed up the morning show and spent 15 months trying to undo
his his dastardly deeds. Here's a call from Boca hello. How you doing? Okay
sir. Yeah I got that from Amsterdam a couple weeks ago and it was extensive
consider like exchanging Canadian dollars for euros. Uh-huh. 50% right.
Unbelievable. What do you got against Key West? Well whatever I've never been there. I
don't have anything against that just never been there. And you only the only
thing that I'm always hearing about Key West is that people go there to get
drunk and when you don't drink what's the point of going to someplace where people
go to get drunk. There you go. Good looking drunk. Oh I got a request. Can you do
uh Boca? That's what I like about Boca. Yeah. Thank you. I'll work on it
Pally. Have a good day. Have a great day. I got it right over here's a matter of fact
the Boca song. How do you like that? I like it. I got my hand on it right now. I
think. Don't I? Come on. I worried about it. Somebody come in here maybe one
of the uh civic chats came in.
Oh yeah. In fact if Sarah Goldfarb would have been an Amsterdam she'd have been one of
most exciting people there. I'll guarantee you that at least one of the best looking.
And I'm talking about when she came out there at the end with a haircut. Yeah with a
nifty haircut. That Bob. I don't see that's what I like about Boca. Because I remember
it was on a really funky uh one of those CD uh things. Right. I got it. I got it.
I got it. Huh. Well that would be really uh if I lost that thing again he'd really
get bent out of shape poor little Boca Brian. Just burning you know the copy. He just
burned another big one. Five six seven oh I was speaking to burn it and they were
gonna pass that. Well they're not gonna pass it. They're tabling it which means that
they're putting it out there for them to what you want and smoke on in the pass around.
Puff on a little bit. And I'll guarantee you the US government don't
cut into that too much. They're not too crazy about it. Oh you the biggest news that happened
while I was gone. Which I'm sure I'm positive that it was on our website. The reason I
know it was on our website is because I think that's where I printed it out from. The editor
from the New York Times about Dr. Bob. Yeah. Yeah. Pass the butter please. This is great.
And isn't it a shame but it always happens that a guy like Dr. Bob Atkins has to
croak before he finally starts getting the credit you know. That a big news story about
it as a matter of fact. In fact that's what Mo was suggesting to me a couple of weeks ago
he said you know really if you would just croak people would end there and say a lot
of nice things about you and all these years that you've been on the year in town. If
you would just die you know and I said no. I don't think so not yet.
Pass the butter please. Get the honey junior. Pass the butter same difference. So I want
to read that. Very short editorial will get to that. Not too many bedtime stories. They're
not on a first day back. Not after we try to rebuild the audience and of course build
the excitement about these big new changes. I love those Latin ladies that are coming
to QA M any day now. I see the fact if I keep playing his voice on here and those droppings
people are going to think that it has something to do with the for real and maybe it does
and maybe it doesn't you know. What maybe it doesn't maybe it doesn't maybe it doesn't
maybe it does and maybe it does and do. 51 votes what place did you visit or live in
that you once loved but now this like the most Miami 16 New York 14 Amsterdam 7 the
trite 7 Vegas 4 and caned Cune has got three. Got it got it Baltimore and Orlando will
go on list as soon as air gets around it. Okay. He's a little bit slow. At least I
noticed that one thing hasn't changed. He's a little bit slow. Now did you advise
him of those other ones? Did you advise Eric Bonerboy? Just at the email. Okay. Because
I am always ripping him and ask a big fat ass which isn't hard in his case. Usually it's
your fault because you like you know you there's too much lag time. Yeah. Like the thing
we're getting with the facts. A lot of facts is pointing now. No. I knew it. Now that our
facts machine is working we're not getting any facts from you people out there 650198. We
got it fixed. Maybe they're going to the other one. Let me say it again. Our facts machine
works. They're a little slow. You're right. So you have to be in over there with those
beautiful people that look like a Rutherford B. Hayes and William Howard Taft. Remember
William Howard Taft? Oh yeah. Good for him. Now seriously you've seen the pictures of him
with a big beard and a big handlebar mustache right? That's what the people in Amsterdam
look like. Even the women. 10 13 and five and I was starting to say before about that
faabot they make great the bad products. It's just ashamed and under the local people
over there. I've used any of them. Kind of like the French. Hey are you bald? Don't
call. I'm not asking you. I'm just asking like in general. Well there was a pause. There's
a pause because it's a question I'm waiting to give the answer. Don't interrupt the commercials
okay. Now Mr. Hotchurch is because I was on vacation for a week. In fact you may be part
of that change and you're not even aware of it yet. How do you like that Smarty pants?
Are you bald? No. Don't call fast trains. Sexual performance problem? Yes. Don't
call fast train. Dead end job now. We're talking. That's the thing that gets you started
calling fast train because they can have you fully trained already for a new high-paying
computer career in just four short months. Call fast train today at 1 866 fast train. That's
1 866 fast train. They got locations all over town. So there's bound to be one near value.
They're in Miami Kindle for a lot of day and Pemberpods. You know they got a good sense of
humor because they put up with Todd Dreck and the copy he writes for them. We wouldn't wish
on Eva Brown. Fast train offers job placement assistance financial aid. Convenient day evening
weekend classes. So there's not any excuse to stay in that dead end job of yours one more day.
Your new career is just a phone call and four months away. That's how fast they can have you
fully trained for a great computer career. So jump on the fast train today and call them tool-free.
They'll be glad to answer all your questions with no obligation. Call 1 866 fast train or check
them out on that wicked web at fast train.com. And to be pleased to know I saw Jerry Sarner's look
like in Amsterdam several times again in the last 10 days and he's still an asshole.
A heart or a liver? I will I give it to you.
Just line right back they said to me and fill up this bed pan. They put a catheter in me and
I said who I'd I'd craft myself and boy it should smell this LaZee look he me a
screw up my blood cells. Screwed up my blood cells. Then it got so tough to breathe I couldn't
stay alive. I wish I never signed a form that said do not revive. It said do not revive.
I left my body and I started walking towards the light but that light was the flames of hell.
And this is where I will stay. I will burn eternally for writing the song for Gilligan's I
don't like it's like a nap on this microphone my god it's from like 1986.
His head was bustin awesome whip chunk Jesus.
1018 at 560 don't give us no whip chunk Hank. Tracey and Kindle Facts didn't
says my vote for the poll is the Bahamas now we're talking Tracey never again for love or
money and I second that emotion. Then I'm showing a Requiem on independent film channel Saturday
the 34th is this Saturday at 1215 in the morning which I'm assuming that means Friday night.
I would say if you go to iFCtv.com you can sign up to get a reminder email from them for what's
on spy reports is Tracey I listen to Phil Henry last week and I'm sad to say that he's doing a
poll now on his show are you sure he doesn't ask for suggestions like you he just announces the
poll topic and choices and then talks about the poll results during the show thanks for the
spy report Tracey it's pretty sad okay again it's not too original either to me.
Well I guess it's better than doing right wing fanaticism know when you think anything is
Miami 28 on a pool Miami you're pulling away from the pack what place did you once visit or
live in that you once love they used to love but now dislike the most you hate it like poison.
Miami 28 New York 16 Detroit 10 I knew that was a weiner man Detroit used to be a great and
exciting a vibrant place used to be music city baby great and then they turned it into a toilet
and it never came back never came back Amsterdam still got seven Vegas four can coon three or land
those got a pair Baltimore don't have any rocket scientists out there Baltimore doesn't have any
he couldn't even vote for his own choice give me a bunch of crap mr. what was the word if you
didn't yeah and how come we don't have the Florida keys in the Bahamas on there yet or because I
haven't said that yet the Florida keys used to be pristine and beautiful it says says Richard
Craneum old dick now too much development too many weirdos love dick okay let's get that on
their two don't you think the Florida keys we got it why does everybody think what what would you
be the keywashed I'm sure a couple times right and what am I missing it was little cramps
was my impression of it no beach is right no no like there's only one public beach all the
rest of them are owned by the hotel so you can fill a rocks right and the beach was rocky and I
guess it's just the events like I was down there for fantasy fest that was fun and lots of
drunks someone are you there for fantasy fest not fantasy fest sorry the other thing liar
another George was there for fantasy fest wow there was some other painted breasts no wonder you and
my muffler get along so good these days got got off this instant hmm when the hell was that by
the way that's not Ken Maulden no it says got got off this instant it's that schmuck with all the money
Ben Stein five six seven oh five sixty pound nobody's guessed the new line up for QA which starts
it's almost imminent almost any moment in fact before you fart again we could have that new line
up on a year and this slap you're right in the push and I'm sure that we'll get lots of press
about this don't you think oh she doesn't have to be writing about it like crazy but all the big
changes and major stuff going on maybe even Tom jicke will love via radio you think Jim
Sarni will write about it Jim Sarni already wrote about about he didn't write about the changes
although he did write that as usual got it wrong about how for well belongs on at night I will
tell you this right now Scott for well will not be doing nights on QAM okay so Jim Sarni I'm not
gonna get let the horse out of the barn or the cat out of the a civic cat out of the bag but I
will tell you right now as usual Sarni you're full of crap you don't know you're asked for my elbow okay
you don't know what you're writing about you're on the outside you see he's been out of shape because he
knows the mad dog and that's about it he has no other connections as opposed to Barry Jack as
over there at the make believe newspaper the once upon a time allegedly great Miami her very jack
as who's got not only Greg's home phone number he's got his cell phone number he's got what's your name's
number five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's
Melbourne hello morning yeah how are you okay sir your phone was interesting because I pretty much
grew up in South Florida and lived there for 40 something years and actually moved to ako
a lot about three four years ago I'm community I'm coming back down to work for business reasons but I
just couldn't wait to get out of South Florida it's just as uh to me as a toilet any other reason I
got to go back is because of work amen well said and one other question you're the radio maven I
always miss Joe Angel do you know what he's doing now or he's doing a giant he's doing his San Francisco
giants oh yes yeah he left South Florida and he winds up in the world series the first year with
a giants oh that's great I'm smiling here that because I always I always I enjoy him when he and Miller
used to do the Oreo games back on iod back all 13 years ago and I was so happy when the model
and picked up Joe Angel I thought what a great boy he had and what he did the game so well they
they they tried to stick it to him and pay back as a bitch he turned it around it went to work for
the giants and he wanted to be in the world series so I screwed them that organization is screwed
over more people they deserve to have there 5,000 people again they suck yeah I agree with you one
one thing um you have anybody I've ever heard on the radio always spoke your mind always didn't
care what management said care what phone to say or anything yeah why can't you post new line up
right now well I mean just because I speak my mind doesn't mean that I can just make up the things
as I go along if you work for somebody they tell you well we don't want to let the cat out of the
bag you can just that's a different story you know okay in other words I need to paycheck you know
what I'm saying okay I'll see you now you too I mean did you see any of course he's trying to
shame me into like letting the cat out of the bag oh it's real simple somebody says hey look
we don't want this on the air if you say that you won't and if it happens to be the people that
who pay my paycheck every twice a month pretty hefty heavy duty paycheck I'm sure it's not
going to like to try to prove a part of how much I am kind of come on here say well I'll show you
a thing or two or three you know but now that you mention it I mean what would be the point in
that but isn't it I understand nice try series a very clever guy he wants to like you know
embarrass me because he's he's foaming it them off you can you imagine how many people I got
salivating out there we find out right now and there are some people that can't stand being in
suspense well good as opposed to just having some fun with it no but I think I think either way
it's great people who look at this what is this oh no this is the worst thing I have ever seen in
my life oh the first day I'm back from vacation and you facts me this sorry it just came across oh
she was such a sweetheart mm-hmm oh now seriously she was very nice to me and I knew her pretty well
I don't I don't even want to put this on the air I'm so depressed I'm just shocked anybody
remember Linda Thornton that used to write radio and TV used to really write about radio and TV in a
hero sure yes as opposed you know this is really sad I mean as opposed to like a faker like Tom
Jekko came along from writing a dog racing a pick in the dog races all of a sudden made him into a
TV and radio guy which doesn't know his ass from his elbow it doesn't write anything about what's
going on as opposed to there were there were some what was the other girls name the young lady I
don't want to call her girl what was it um before Linda Thornton oh for a crafty girl that
before your time huh that curry no not bad curry I'm talking about somebody who really know about
radio and TV showy woods sure woods never never heard of it yeah she was good Linda
no I see Linda Rios Thornton a previous entertainment staff writer for the heraldes died after
long illness she was 48 Linda Thornton worked as promotions director at such popular radio
stations w i n z w i o d and magic one of two point seven in the south load area for six years
is entertainment and promotions director at the date county youth for an exposition Thornton
booked all entertainment coordinated media promotions and wrote and edited publications most
recently Thornton worked at homes that air reserve basis environmental program is information
specialist publicizing the environmental uh restoration project through the creation of press
releases and newsletters Thornton's love for uh animals prompted her to work weekends at the
adoptive pet center at homestead assisting adoptions and providing information on the care and
maintenance of the adopted cats and dogs Linda survived by her husband Josh marks her mother
five sisters a brother many nieces and nephews to visit this guest book online you can go to
www.herald.com obituaries slash obituaries this was in the herald five twenty one
deepest condolences to Linda's husband and family all her friends she was a sweetheart she was
one of the really nice people i've encountered in all the years i've been in south odyshe was only 48
tragic thanks for running my day in my week in my month George no charge oh what a sweetheart what a
reading i mean legitimately nice person yes she was i remember when she was going out with
Joe Johnson remember Joe Johnson i think he's still on magic playing at same corny music no
you know Joe Johnson no the singer got the DJ you don't know Joe Johnson from magic that's
Joe Jackson what do you know about radio you know something i think you may be in line for jikah's
job you know it all right yeah i'll fly to la and watch the tv sure and get fed the wind and dine
and then go on and fill in for edd cano upon i open up a big mouth
ten twenty eight at five i'm just i'm not the same i'm not the same person i was three minutes ago
you know what i mean thanks sorry if you got a big ugly bald spot there's one guy in town and one
guy in the university can make it go away make you look great and that's Charles alphiri Charlie's
the best in the universe that's why even a millionaires and billionaires go to Charlie because they
know for no price in the world can they get a better looking head of hair than with Charlie's natural
hairline system he's been doing it for probably close to 30 years i would say right now would you
say about 30 about 30 men working with the famous and not so famous and everybody gets to
Charlie's guaranteed how many days he gives you the guarantee for about 30 man so after 30 days if
you don't love the way Charlie's system looks and feels and smells if you're not getting lots of
action Charlie give you a full refund so the only thing you got to lose is that ugly bald spot that
makes you look not only bad but a lot older as well and be sure i mentioned the orange is when
you call because Charlie give you 200 bucks discount off the irregular low price already just
raven the ball to mention my name even if one doesn't have an ingrown here Charlie also services
and repairs all types of hair systems while you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks i wonder if he works
on ingrown hairs on the testicles maybe maybe on the side i'll check i'm a side call tool free
the Charles alphiri studios and get your hair back call 1 800 3 to 124 13 forget about those
pills those injections those mousey looking pieces look like a real menchigan with some real great
looking hair from the Charles alphiri studios 1 800 3 to 124 13
my life and locals this is sports radio by city
you ain't way you ain't yeah
i have a child at five six o' w q a
check out one five
there's a marvelous place i know all the wealthy people go
oh right it's where royalty play follow and that's what i like about
cocoa oh a downwind he goes on every small
a downwind they say helpful in every corner as a wall
if that's what i like about cocoa
spend ten grand on healthful species spend the day in Jewish bakery as you should taste these
delicacies and that's what i like about cocoa the pleasing excuse are attitudes then are the
end of the news that we find pleasure in being ruled that's what i like about cocoa
who she built at Rolex watches white shoes make us so approaches if you're clean
you'll let you touch us and that's what i like about cocoa we really don't know what you think
you see how a dude who doesn't speak there's no coffee only mocha and that's what i like about cocoa
don't come
if you ask that's what i want i think about cocoa
best home would you unlucky ten thirty three at five sixty i'll tell you one thing if i was
approaching my seventieth birthday very rapidly and i was going to have to be getting up like a
two thirty in the morning every day i'd be really disturbed it would flip my way i'm just
thinking out loud and i'll say anything in in particular anyway one hundred and six votes is all
we got on the pole and that's that's about as lame as it ever gets and i think i think we did
win a stray here you know maybe i'm out of practice i thought it was a pretty good pull question
i just don't think we have enough good choices on her yet what place did you visit or live in that
you once loved but now dislike the most hundred and six votes my me fifty new york twenty one
detroit thirteen and still i got seven which means hopefully a lot of you haven't been there
recently good congratulations don't go there please or land oh six can cune four Vegas four and
Baltimore's got one sorry but you didn't guy evidently got through got under voted as one
didn't we lose somebody huh how what about the Bahamas being her boy they've been sent the Bahamas
and a Florida keys i don't see them on her yet Eric just put down the breakfast burrito is okay
before you ever you send you over the edge why did a lot of crap in Amsterdam i had a lot of crap
the food there's continues to suck did find one pretty good Chinese restaurant the only problem is
that they're like within a couple of hours oh my god just crap in my brains out well just
it's that civet you were eating that's civic cat yeah a little kitty cat don't be eating no more
Chinese pussy cat out there that right now i do you guys out there unless you want to be date okay
real soon quit going out there and grabbing little farm yard animals out there i mean yeah it's
funny things that people do with little animals like that you know yeah like what like a Richard
gear yeah that'd be a good poll question which would you eat first a durable or a civic cat huh
here's billin for lauderdale is a chronic factor but a wonderful guy who says the his guess
of the new lineup is six to 10 a.m. hypo riccon suds riccon suds are not part of it i can tell
that right now okay that there was it down 10 to 2 he's got Neil God 2 to 4 mad dogs last year
roast alternate to keep manage happy and sloshed 4 to 6 for well he's got for well on 4 to 6 now
6 to 10 fat hank with gelties a board op where he belongs 10 to 2 born again liberal fill in
other words transmitter maintenance are you sure 2 to 6 the fake part by the fake body parts
show that nobody hears with mow and his muskrat and Steve walk with a cane happy every combo you know
it and he's actually a god a little bit of he's touching on a little bit of truth in there you know
it see what i'm saying mm-hmm
just not so sure it's just gonna start humming condolences just a couple of minutes
mm-hmm yeah any minute no oh we just can't say but somebody did tell us before the show have
have fun with it have a good time just don't go off get off the interview yeah try to cover his
ass though because he's already speaking of condolences he's ever got enough letters in his
file have fun but don't say nothing right have a good time with it and tease the audience real
good but just keep it mom
mazot law in Mexico this is some good news now
count and not nearly enough to counteract that depressing piece of news you sent me before
about Linda Thornton i'm just blown away by that yeah 48 is like barely living
that is tragic a former priest who fled to Mexico to escape us sex abuse charges died
after jumping from the third story balcony of a hotel is police closed in the 30s and yesterday
good the only good child molesting priest is a dead child molesting priest can we all
agree on that except the course for a dentist sick freed f will deira 62 faced dozens of child
molestation charges in California and Wisconsin police surrounded the beach side hotel and
plan to arrest will deira with deira widee or with deira in this resort city on Mexico's Pacific
coast the mexican judicial authority said minutes after 30s arrived with deira random the balcony
of his room and jumped said marty goodieira is a spokesman for the attorney general's office in
sena sena laua loa state she said it was unclear why he jumped saying that he might have been trying
to escape and marty hate to break the note to your little slow sweetheart he died her head
injuries sunday and his way to a hospital she said deira said police are ordered is arrested
the request of the west counterparts and plan to extradite him he was ordained a Catholic priest
in 1967 six years later was convicted of sexual misconduct with adolescent boy named Milwaukee area
and sentenced to three years probation and that goes on and on about a whole long long relish okay
so we got a dead child molesting priest is what we say maybe he just didn't like the water there
you know i might have been a five six seven oh five sixty i noticed nobody's although we did get
canned cool and so i take that back fight your lip okay bite it bite it my amy's got 62 votes to place
you once loved live whatever and uh... sixty four votes and i hated the slack at the most
my my sixty four near did you just crack your knuckles yeah i did it was disgusting the or twenty five
the trade fourteen or lando and amsted and tied with seven of peace i see a lot of similarities
similarities there not vegas four can cune four baltimore two no votes yet for the
bahamas of the florida keys only 127 votes this is the most disaster the dastardly pool we've
taken in in months on the show who do you think responsible for boner boy
uh... uh... eric
oh man talk about wrecking up those points
i think you got a good point yourself
hey eric it with it okay i noticed nothing has changed in his uh... and the best news if it is
almost forgot about it was so exciting
look at us can i punch it up
much right
line five there it is
we got fixed it there goes to show you what a smart course always
we beg then we pleaded belly ache and bitched and screamed and carried on
didn't get nothing got nothing accomplished and i would go to him yeltsin around
air
old fix it
not only we get the facts machine fixed in the like about an hour less we also got
line five back after weeks and months and years
all right
we finally got a real engineer in the building as opposed to couple of imposter
they're got naked pictures of the beastlies of the billy goat
twenty before eleven at five sixty wqm big new line upcoming only days away
any in effect it could be the who knows you know right
one thing we can't say honestly that we don't know exactly the moment to
day the second
but it's coming score to work make no mistake about it
delights a white book of your superstar for the atkins that you never got me
to read the atkins editor of the new or times yet
oh sorry or any other low carb sugar free diet is introducing the new
almonds that case by control car about delights
and these come in blueberry banana or classic almond each hearing is only one
effective carbore sample delights new chocolate raspberry muffin
with only one gram of carbs and if you like something crunchy
be sure to travel to the new three flavors of low carb rackets chips
so whether it's carbolite ice cream breads rules cheesecakes chocolates pasta
sauces any of the six hundred low carb foods delights the west
focus of place you can love because
everything in the store is dedicated to you and you people out there to try
and desperately lose that weight and you can always try anything in the store
before you buy it to their staff knows dieting including atkins especially
inside an out there open every day seven days a week ten to ten
and they create the most complete line of atkins brand products under the sun
that are always twenty five percent off the regular price
all day every day atkins diet is rated number one so head for the number one
low carb sugar free store on the universe the lights of west bokeh you'll find
them on the northeast corner of glades in 441 right next to Boston market
or call them to three at one eight seven seven low carb check them on in the
web at lowcarb.com you know where you find them no
sure no that's where you find them don't forget there's only one delights
of west bokeh your official atkins retail centers
five at the local this is five cities
the radio's all yours
you and other old tool god it's the video too hot for tv
free scorn wild find out what these wild men of the club do when they lose in their colors
it's wild wild wild see trans systems vigorously anointing their flock
nutty Dominican's fronting in an after-hours vingo boiler
it's all on free scorn wild free scorn wild is hot as barely legal seminary students
barter rosary beaded marty grove don't delay order today free scorn wild order now we're seeing
the bonus video seminary sluts they're young they're hot and they're sharing a
steamy sauna operators are standing by so order now to order free scorn wild have your
credit card handy and call one eight hundred ultra boy may not be suitable for children over
15 let's see full-salt's been called wanted to talk you off the air carloser explained no can do
and took his number it's nine five four five I spent everything what is that all about did he say
no he did not well why did i not why do all these people keep calling you like fat boy did the
other day and then the demanding to talk to a george or in that case or me in the
this case what's that all about i don't know i don't expect i don't think phil is doing the
racist from color i heard somebody else on there in the um racing thing a couple days ago
whenever the hell it was maybe that's not what it's all about well i hope phil's okay okay
maybe he's curious curious about what about the programming changes okay look at this wow and
to show you that people are a little bit uh out of it maybe it was too much booze on a holidays
so lense amul alyn thanks for the brabo thing which i have right here but her other email is
in ainat best she says in regard to our poll what about new york city
it's got 26 votes sweetheart what place did you visit or live in that she's starting to get
like the rest of our audience now so maybe it's contagious what place did you visit or live in that
you once loved but now dislike the most my ami's got 77 and not any place even close to my ami
meaning all of south foot of course like you know surfside pember flakes yeah sweet water
new york 26 detroit 16 Orlando 9 Amsterdam still stuck on seven
seeing of course it's difficult to really determine what this means you don't i'm saying
because you don't know if you just don't have that many people went there we got a lot of people
in so audience were Amsterdam people so i don't i don't know what that means maybe they still like it
or maybe they just haven't been there recently enough to hate it believe me you will
Vegas 5 can't go in for the keys for Baltimore's got two now and in Bahamas they've got the big
oh brother you can me i went through that one time just that one time i'm gonna cruise many years
ago i wouldn't go back if they gave me five thousand dollars to gamble forgive me all my meals for free
i wouldn't go back i will not they can take the Bahamas and you can
it blows that whole arrogant obnoxious condescending attitude there it makes me sick to my stomach
and i'm not confusing the abehenians with the Jamaicans i probably i am they wouldn't know
that you make an thing i'm talking about because i have a real problem with that that whole the
imperious Jamaican women the imperious yeah yeah oh they're like talking down to your condescending
kind of a thing with that phony accent i hate that man there is something really really think
about that whole Jamaican experience online right i hope our winners don't contest have a good time
there in spite of it and vc on bravo will court viewers this summer with american television's
first primetime gay theme reality dating series well i bet you're ever in jones we watch in that
yeah and then and who on dentist that will be glued to the screen take a note
he'll be glued to it similar in format to abc's the bachelor boy meets boy features an eligible man
looking for love and a pool of 15 potential mates but in a twist worthy of the bogus viran on joe foxes
joe millionaire some of the suitors are actually heterosexual men who are paid by the program to
pretend to be gay unbeknownst to the eligible bachelor this sounds like that jenny joneshoever right
yeah sounds like it's got the potential for some real extra pursuiton this one seems to be on the
up and up i see i think this will be truly ground bag bet you'll be watching because it sounds
like it might have something to do with penis don't you think boner boy i think this will be truly
groundbreaking television said series executive producer and co-creator Douglas Ross one of the
reasons we decided to take the basic dating format and sure when this twisted that we wanted
to show to appeal to a broader audience the six episode boy will premiere on bravo in july
to date in time to be determined in each episode the bachelor will interact with other men on
uh on group and one on what what they'll interact with other men on group and one on one dates and
gradually eliminate those he isn't interested in until one winner remains and then of course if the
winner turns out to be straight somebody's got the year that bra brains blown out while the actual
sexual orientation at least one consistent will be disclosed that the outset of viewers but not
the bachelor the identity of some of the others will not be revealed until a bachelor himself finds out
the exact number of heterosexual suitors was not devolved by bravo nor was the sum the network paid
any sexual intimacy beyond kissing was strictly prohibited on boy which was shot from May 9 to
17th and it pair of homes in Palm Springs California the bachelor identified as 32 year old
from southern California works in human resource and division of a law firm boy is hosted by Danny
Beer from extra B.E.H.R. my son I write beer beer I guess sure whatever okay there you go there's
some a fag stuff for you but it's gonna be titillating because it may be a faggy and it may not be
and maybe some to go get their brains blown out in the end oh should be a little bit of a segment that
I think that's probably coming the next reality show you know that thing where puppies that shoot the
host right I think maybe that's gonna be it you know like shoot somebody yeah and we never know
who's gonna get shot in the end of the show and they have to watch like about 15 episodes and then
the final one finally somebody gets just a pissed off that's it I already know what the name's gonna
yeah kill some people I like it oh oh speaking to him yes yeah what so what did Phil
sauce know on see see I don't I don't like that stuff it's disturbing to me because it's calling
huh you want me to call him yeah you got the number there you must have because you send me
to call him and see what he wants because I hope he's okay because I know a few years ago we
had that the thing where they didn't you killed him in the hospital right and I know I did not
hear him call him to races from Calder whenever the hell last time I checked the erasing channel
next break I'll call it good call up Phil Salpin if he's if he's not sick or anything tell him I
still can't stand the fact he put those people in my seats at the hockey game five six look at this
now see I would wish that we get a call online five now that we have it working so at least it
makes it worth a while huh baby steps come on baby crap is what you're talking about I can smell it
all the way up here it smells like baby crap come on you people get with it what is going on in
this show we got some exciting news and we're never gonna tell you unless you will butch up a little
bit five six seven oh five sixty who's going to be the first caller on line five now that it works
huh I don't think we're getting up calls to you line five to ring now which which you see I don't
know how those things work mix and match it's not an order here oh really in any particular order
so that means we'd have to get a lot of calls right at the moment there's only three on the board
pretty weak here's plantation hello me oh how you doing okay sir okay I got the real quick picture
programming problems yes which is very simple number one fire Joe's the gacking just because he's
stuck number two call Jeff the Forest probation officer see if a change of venues approved uh-huh
get get a deep film a morning show get Howard David out of there oh and get managed on the
morning show put Freyla on from one to three yeah and that pretty much fixes everything you get
guilty do not do okay and if they can't get Joe rose back to basically just hit a big reset
button because I mean the last 16 months of this patient has been crud is programming line up
it's up for your show bad lines ring and by the way being our boner boy the bad lines ring
line 12 they're better grabber real quick didn't ring it all day it's some idiot try to fix oh
I'm sorry well I will take it under consideration okay thanks thanks ballet bye bye now you noticed
that all just about all these people with their programming suggestions they do include for
welding the lineup powered in the morning with some Kellogg's
whoo it is that special K isn't it yeah it's special all right and of course I would ask George
what the K stands for but he probably says some anti-semitic thing five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T how about Kvech there's a K at the beginning of Kvech huh
catch it I can't think of any more curmudgeonly and Kvech eat an old mo the moe myster
how you guys been getting along since I've been out of there I mean like last week
yeah he's been promoting the the substitute show which is mighty wide of them
has he really yeah he has the slap fight right between the encarlos yeah every day
okay here's someone you call a failure no no is there anybody on line five it see I can't get
anybody to call that is gonna spill over to line five and it's I gotta get that done
we got four is lit six seven and I'm not that you have any way of knowing what line your call
is gonna pop up but if we had enough calls on here right now if the phone was ringing off the
hook if this crowd was with us but more important than that yes still is online for and apparently he'll
talk to you on the air oh Phil Saltsman's online for I thought you meant Phil Henry are you sure
Phil hi Neil K Paso well first of all let me express my profound thanks for worrying so much
about me I am still working it called there but I only worked four days a week instead of five
why is that well we have another guy that I guess they're grooming to take my place some day when
I lose my eyesight my voice and you mean like about the middle of August yeah usually that happens
about the middle of August yeah but any house name is Bobby Newman he does a terrific job and he
covers me on Tuesdays he calls the races on Tuesday and I call Friday Saturday Sunday and Monday well
thank God for that yeah well thank you for your concern I really didn't handle how did an
asshole like Vic stuff or why not doing races at Hollywood Park what's that all about I don't
ask you about Vic stuff I have no idea well I'm right though aren't I okay see all you don't
have to say the thing you're your reaction with that little laughter that's all it has to be said
very good very well done see everything is again listen there is something I want to talk to you off
the air about when you get a shot so I left my cell phone number for you whenever you uh yeah what
is what is it about what is it in reference to oh a subject that's near and due to our heart okay
so whenever you get a chance it's not pressing but whenever you can that's great
but in other words you're okay you're not dying we don't have some emergency life is going on great
no as a matter of fact I feel better than I've felt in a long time it's scary excellent
and and funny funny side will win the triple crown let's hear it for funny side I think it's
going to be very tough to beat him but if he does get beat I think it'll be by that Empire maker
yeah I think he's probably the horse to be I think he's counterfeit Empire maker
well we'll find out you know you know what the good thing is the horse wins the preekness by 10
lengths and the hero didn't even put a picture in there with a phony object in the Jose Santos
hand this time listen we don't want to start any old memories yeah we don't want to talk about
the hero right okay well listen Phil take care of yourself and I'll give you a call thanks a lot
okay hey can't have a great day and you too see now I feel a lot better now that I know it wasn't
some kind of emergency it's just it's just don't do things like that you know it'll be like my
handyman like is he calling my mother like I want to go on vacation he did calls my mother up
what's he calling bitch nice going is he here's the factances I know and I like line five ever
ring it no no what is going on is this thing work if you bastard won't get with it now there's
something going on here okay there's got to be somebody out there that will call it I just just
to make it ring just to satisfy me that we know that it works five six seven oh five sixty
rolling right out of his lip under that tongue groove pound five sixty on the AT&T and rise
in wireless line make that line five ring just one there go wait come to qa I'm line five
sorry I beat you to it try to get would you stop being an asshole if that's possible
line five hello hola see what you did Carla yeah see what you did you look he's he's out you're done
that damn Eric yeah Eric must have intercepted okay got his fat finger on it probably thought
there was it was a Chinese deliverer this time there goes again okay here we go one last time
deputy qa and line five all right you're right man all right you done it no I just want to see
if the line was gonna work I don't want to talk to him I just want to make sure that God damn line
work
that fan is so large I don't think he has ever seen the butt master machine in his life
coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
they got us chanting along to their hit pour some sugar on me but could the song have been
about sex we'll find out from death leper
what ever gave you the idea it was about sex sex that is rich death leper vocalist Joe Elliott spoke
to inside the behind along with his manager slappy gold that song is not about sex right
definitely no I specifically told the boys write a song about sugar about how much you love
sugar and you want to pour it all over you right in fact if you had to choose between getting
sugar poured on you or the luscious love nectar of some hot bay poured on you you would definitely
not go with the sweet sticky the listening moisture dripping from the nuts it's about
sex yeah it's toast about sex I mean what you got us I mean of course so why asks inside the behind
did they feel the need to lie listen things they've been too good for death leper since the 80s
we've been looking for ways to make some doors so we're we're doing a children's album yeah
we thought we could put some distance between us and love juices but the fans are gonna love
this record too don't you worry the boys ain't gonna compromise no way we're gonna rock you you know
with songs like my best friend is neat and and across the street with care today
and they must do with mommy and daddy tell me
oh there they go come on
you're the big I want to take drugs and bums
we all got to eat
death leopard a band's got to do what a band's got to do
but we'll all show them those references to female secretions
it's a big juicy shopping when it look at show business tonight on inside the behind
1103 at 560 but I don't think Phil wanted to talk to me about hockey at all I think that's just
a cover up he just was it wants me to call him off the years so I'll tell him the new lineup
I think you're right yeah everybody out there wants me to tell wants me to spill the beans I'm
not gonna do it it's got nothing to do with heaven balls it's got to do all the way do have that
ingrown here on one ball is that a post-tool yeah it's a it's a posthumous hair
Hank will be a chula's tomorrow not today since his George's fat is it what don't cares you know
a lot of good to have lunch you don't have to sit around and watch and hang fill his fat face okay
by the way nice going hump working congratulations to my close friend Hank Goldberg who's
learned from me okay when the new schedule comes out less work more pay or at least uh you know
what I'm saying less works same pay right now no meaner boy do you hear what he just said
I was just correcting you do you hear what he just said I thought I heard what he just said
yeah I think you just let part of the puzzle out of the the civic can't out of the bag oops yeah
oops shine up that chair nice and early tomorrow morning beater you won't be seeing George's ass in it
let's see Paris now here's a long convoluted thing about hockey and silly stuff from Jeff and
plantation thanks a lot A but uh but he does make a good point for the pool Paris thanks Jeff
as far as the rest of it nobody's gonna be watching jersey in the anaheim ducks including me who
and how it gives a flying crap okay just get it over with already and we don't give a crap about
Robbie need a myer and Scott need a myer and nobody cares and Martin Brodure and all his other fraud crap
nobody cares here's the fact that since I know you've been on the case and so I don't know if you've
seen or heard the new campaign from the state to stuff or yes I have seen and read about it
and really frost my ass is being somebody who's militant about that seatbelt crap
the click it or ticket harassment project they're getting tough I'm growing up legal adults who
work and pay taxes who choose not to wear a seatbelt how about zero tolerance and violent crime
rape and pedophilia it's one thing not securing a child but if an adult wants to go through the
windshield that's their problem do some real work other than harassing the innocent public and you are
right on top dry run today I really believe it I don't think the audience will respond until
the new lineup takes place if then here's Miami Beach hello Daniel yes sir I'm work that's
talking low I got it for you mowing guilty six to eight eight to ten for L 10 to two you two to
three men dog and then the rest is all the same if you know how close you were man we'd send you
a million dollars in small bills and then you know of course Hank could lose the hour
Hank could lose the hour or a couple of pounds either way okay thanks to me go he's very close
he's pretty damn close to it you know what yeah of course if I say any more than that then I'll be
letting the civic head out of the bag I don't want to do that and get mothin to a whole bunch of crap
I think since it's already past 11 o'clock in the morning don't you think it's time for them
like to give us the official go ahead now since we the ratings come out we put it out on this show
this is the place where people at least they used to be for George kill the audience for a week
yeah seriously this is where the people are meeting greet and eat and tweet and whatever
pick their seat eat spoiled rotten meat probably from Canada at the sweet treat
so I think it's about time I maybe want to give them a deadline like by noon I think by noon
muffler clearance ought to come through that door and say just give you the big thumbs up okay
put it on the air okay because we know the story we know what it is in fact I think I am going
to spill part of the bean right now since that last guy had it is that okay I ain't saying nothing
yeah I think I think what we're going to do is we're going to tell the audience that this
program and I've been screaming about it from the first week it started we're going back to
10 to 2 yeah yeah I mean I'm not telling any of the rest of the stuff it doesn't has nothing
to do with personnel changes we're just going back to the day part that this show should have been
all along we've never should have had like let's see 13 14 15 months of 9 to 1 nobody does
the show from 9 to 1 it's not done 9 to 1 got it and it ain't no fun what just happened
all this for real you just can't contain himself oh is that it yeah breath he's got his own
studio over there did you see some of the hose they got on the wall dripping in there
that's probably why you'll see a lot of him around so we're going back to 10 to 2 there's
one piece of the puzzle I'm letting out a little a little bit here a little bit there because you know
me yeah I just can't keep it in it's like a bad Chinese meal you know just can't hold it in too long
5 6 7 0 5 60 how's our very lame pool come today what place did you visit or live in that you
once loved but now dislike the most I think that's a good I don't see any problems with that
question the response I would wish it on god damn Dick Cheney or any other dick my any 102
New York 34 Orlando 20 Detroit 18 the Bahamas 9 Amsterdam has been stuck on seven since before
Jesus was a baby seven votes Vegas six of keys six cancun four and Balmer's got three out of
250 votes there's something I can I can smell the hear man I guess maybe what they what happened is
they found out they can catch stars over the radio right I think that's probably what happened
so let me say again we were going to go back to 10 to 2 but based on this stars thing we
might have to reconsider here's Miramar hello here's a call from Naples hello
and they all know it okay hey Joe Johnson does reckless when the meadows every Sunday morning for the
same last 20 years yeah the same breakfast mm-hmm the other thing is how about that Michael Jackson
filing bankruptcy possibilities and that's it we're gonna be taking out a collection I'm glad you
mentioned that so this weekend we're gonna be having all our people on the corner 441
ives derri road take out a collection for poor little michael or something that's a good idea
five of course it's easy to go bankrupt when you have to keep writing those multi-million dollar checks
to those families there was little boys that you've been bonin there has to be a cheaper way five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18 and T and for eyes in line on a death knell to the
that wouldn't wish on anybody pathetic here's a call from sunrise hello hey Neil yes sir
worked up by the list in a couple of quick questions on my mother she went to Vegas a couple years ago
and she stayed as a hotel I think our circus circus there's a ring of bell does it ring of bell
yeah it sucks yeah yeah yeah she told me it was real nice and she and she told me that that's
a great time and everything circus circus is for like little kids that for how does your mother
she's actually was back at 74 so she was 34 oh I see okay fine
oh I thought it was here they were going like they're cutting back on the drug enforcement I
thought that was on earth in the border here's the fact it says welcome back the worst place was
Cosmelle George did a good job last week he's improving is what it says here well maybe they'd
like to have George back for another couple of days so we get this new lineup going huh sounds
really like a real breath of fresh air to me are we putting Cosmelle on it's already on there
you're you're starting it like linseaniels now oh Cosmelle is not on her cancun is on her oh excuse me
another mexican excuse me my bad oh what's the difference Cosmelle cancun it's like Gudiere's
Rodriguez I can't say the difference oh yeah they're all mexicans right that's my point
maybe a boner boy there could tell you so let's get Cosmelle on there past that up the
pipeline or to Eric if you can okay he'll stick it in the pipe stick it in the pipeline with
along with another one in breakfast burritos with extra sausage five six seven oh five sixty see
all the traveling people they're already on the road traveling somewhere now anyway although I
don't think there's that many of many more there are no americans traveling they drive no no I'm
I mean out of the country no they sure sell art and Amsterdam which is which is okay that part
of it is fine too because who now wants to go abroad and run into a bunch of americans oh although
it would be better than those uh William Howard tap looker likes 11 13 at 5 60 WQM I'll tell you
guys it's like kind of funky looking that's our good by am I doing a wrong spot oh yeah I was
almost gonna do the pizza lot here well I mean since we got that great copy from our good friend
Todd Dreck why would I want to miss that are you bald don't call fast train sexual performance
problem don't call fast train but if you're in a dead end job then you're one of those people
ought to be calling them right now this minute fast train can have you fully trained and ready for
new high-paying computer career in just four short months column tool free at 1 866 fast train
that's 1 866 fast train they've got locations in Miami Kendall for Lauderdale in Pember find so
column today there's no obligation else plenty of how it works and how in just four short months
they can get you on a road to a real career 1 866 fast trains the number to call they offer you
job placement assistance financial aid convenient day evening weekend classes and like I said they're
all over town so there's about everyone convenient by you so no longer do you have an excuse to
stay in that dead end job your new career is just at one phone call away jump on the fast train
today call 1 866 fast train or check them out on the web at fast train dot com
you can watch 20 or 5 6 you way yeah you you
and go fuck yourself tonight on bbs the bank that broadcasting service babu al-bila shows you how to
make the most of your meager little existence and enjoy your new town liberation on this old tent
tonight babu shows everyone how to expand living area when guests plan to spend the weekend
adding a guest area can be a tip of project and cost very little there are posters of sat down lying
around all over the place and it canvases perfect to build in add-on with a little vegetation
in some decoration it can be fun for the whole family this old tent tonight on bbs don't miss it look
I love to paint goofy glasses on some dumb space 1117 at 560 wqm I think on a first day back after
vacations like maybe an hour would be good maybe an hour and a half weed into it slowly yeah this
kind of like easier way back in and you notice the tremendous response we've gotten since I
announced that we're going back to 10 and 2 on a show the phenomenal the phone is it
happening off the hook you notice that you should see the facts machine here's for Lauderdale hello
for Lauderdale is gone okay so that leaves us with one call on the board here's Miami hello
any how you doing okay sir I'm listening to the show for the past uh oh I've been listening to
the show for a while but now but for the past two weeks you guys are talking about a lot of
movies and actually rented one of the movies you guys have been talking about the TV I know you
have the TV music around there and I got to tell you the first time I ever see it and it's got to
be the most powerful film I've ever seen in my life right and uh I sort of got to have it's not
seen in such a powerful film since the first time I ever saw David Fryer Ryan and actually felt
what it could be like to be in a war and you know it's just a movie but just the story and the way
the film making was uh Darren Arnowski was incredible yeah that's a brilliant film and I
recommend this for everybody out there you got to see it at least one seven understand what
jokes can do to a person right and I mean I love smoking weed but I will never do the needle and
that movie shows why you should never do that bad purple marks man yeah but I got to tell you
that that movie was awesome excellent I feel like while I redeem myself now thanks a lot
yes she didn't want to ask her but she won all kinds of other awards for it right yeah because I
mean she should have won that right off the bat yeah she's great I've never seen such a powerful
performance I've never seen the first movie she she won't ask her for but this movie was
incredible and I mean if you have any other movies that are kind of like that I mean I would love
to hear from them because I'm into I'm into films and this film was amazing did you see happiness
uh no you got to see that it's good film excellent your psychic all right man okay thank you very much
thanks lady a light seven wants to talk to you about psychic about psychic about how about psychics
about Jonathan Edwards about happiness okay let's get some happiness here you're right doing
that for more than like five minutes definitely good for you that was a mistake here's that lady in
Miami here's the miss miss happiness how are you good how are you great well I wanted to first
of all let you know that you do have female listeners even though many don't call in um and I
wanted to thank you for recommending happiness I rented it this weekend and uh I haven't finished
watching it for this long but it's quite a movie you haven't finished watching it yeah I know that
the last scene is supposed to be the best oh by far yeah so I will see that tonight and I guess I'll
call you back and let you know okay I wanted to thank you for the recommendation because it's
excellent well it's so far too then we hit the jackpot yeah thanks a lot you're welcome thank you
see there you go now we can find a getting some nice people out there saying thank you thank you
rarely it's not typical and so for most people would say something else in front of the ub side thank
huh yeah as in f u you know that's a stop for f in way I thought you were going to say bless you
and uh bless you my child I don't think so damn you maybe damn you f u see you next time things like
that right but now we're getting nice people to appreciate the fact that we spent all of that time
which I thought was quite a lot but I thought it was productive with some good movies in fact I got
a pretty nice library now I got me a nice shelf and the other room in my living room and I'm
making like a little collection in there I got a pretty good library going what's the one I haven't
seen yet ravaged designer a gling gerry glen rods and on that one too but also for that guy that
called before the game with Michael Douglas I don't care what anybody says that is one of the
all-time top uh 20 anyway it's great you don't think so no it's the right one five six seven let's
talk movies again what do you say oh at least we have a lot of calls on those days yeah I think we'll
just do it in the neo-roger's movie show what do you say sure run it or not now that gene
syskulls dead yeah that's I mean gene syskull first and Linda Thornton now yeah I mean I'm not
gonna go on a year and say well why couldn't it have been like you know Roger Ebert and Tom jicca
because that would be a bad thing to say I don't wish anybody you know but I will say it I couldn't
have been Roger Ebert and Tom jicca five six seven oh five six he just a little joke Tom okay don't
get all bent out of shape don't take yourself to seriously you're just a little bald headed geek okay
who's uh you know who works for a marginal newspaper who has no clue what's going on in local
market and has obviously got a big bug up his ass too right don't lately which I'm delighted I
feel like I accomplished something there too let's play that music from Requiem for a dream from
we'll play it wall-to-wall the whole show every day until we go back to tend to tomorrow not one
call about going back to tend to all these people complaining bitching in fact you know something
I think let's change the poll that'll get Erica he'll get all whipped up into a frenzy
you're probably spill at those blueberry pancakes right under was a nice brand new carpeting
when you love to see that I would like this I paid money to see that
how many just spill over a whole bunch of like orange juice and blueberries on the floor
anyway a 239 votes they didn't like this poll what place did you visit or live in that you once
love but now dislike the most 117 same I mean that's almost half of the responses that's 48.9%
New York 38 or land of 23 Detroit has got 20
told you Bahamas 12 Florida Keys 9 I'm still on 8 Vegas 6 cancun 4 in Baltimore 3 out of 242 votes okay
let's do a new poll what's your take got it got it what's your take on Neil going back to tend to
huh little programming pool those are the kinds of your love tend to question mark
love it okay it's okay
uh hate it
uh no difference allyson you know we got that crowd you know the ones that the whatever suck really
hard yeah no difference allyson anywhere allyson regardless how do we want to say that whatever
I'll listen whatever okay whatever what's your take on you going back to tend to love it it's okay
I hate it no difference allyson whatever if he's on a 3 30 in the morning until 3 45 that sounds good to me
wouldn't interfere with my daytime life so much huh 3 30 to 3 45 in the morning well I sure
wouldn't want to have to be an old fart getting up 2 30 3 o'clock in the morning oops shouldness it
what now what do you laugh in a bomb oh I thought of a joke I never heard before yeah right
hello George
here's a call from Davie hello hey Neil how you doing great sensational wonderful
hey I heard a rumor that the shopping center where armadillo and uh
pizza loft is in has been sold and they're gonna toss all this folks out yeah is that true
not that I know well I hope not we have too much too much schooling not enough restaurants yeah
yeah throw me in for the uh love it okay thanks thank you they said John love it
oh by the way nice job there I'm telling us about kuse is dead and Sodom is dead and what's
the other brother kuse and kiss a puse kuse and puse they're dead and all is a nice going
live at you jackass uh huh and that you know they're trying to like outdo Fox News of course it's
cheap channel same difference same difference we got a great story on our website today along with
many others medium and ophthalene versus democracy which we already had on their coin to be an
other boy but it's well worth having on again yes for me huh I said yes sir
quit sucking around oh sick Canadian cow may have been used for dog food I better read this
dog boy huh no I'm serious because they're like you know I'm a dog lover we got a lot of
dog people out there and I want to caution them and then of course you go to China and they'll
serve you that dog and then you get mad dog to be Canadian cow that recently tested positive
for mad cow disease may have been used to make dry dog food that was shipped to the US the US
FDA said on Monday yesterday well I guess our way getting even with those Americans I'll teach
him a thing or two we can't get even with the people we're getting more to your dogs this is bad
while there's been no scientific evidence so far the dogs can contract the disease or spread it
to humans the FDA notified pet pet the international of cartham state in Nevada when the agency learned
from the Canadian government that pet pantry had received food that may have included material from
the cow God the suspect dog food was made by champion pet food of Morinville Alberta between
February 4th and March 12th 2003 the Canadian government provided the cow being processed
for human food consumers can be assured that their food doesn't contain any remnants of the VSE
positive cow and FDA statement said as a prudent measure to help assure that the US remains free
of the brain wasting disease known as bovine spongeiform and cephalopathy that I said that right
no you do you'll clean it up and cephalopathy pet panties asking customers to hold out of these
suspected foods so they will not mistakenly be mixed into cattle or other feeds the pet panty
products were packed in 50 pound bags distributed to franchise around the US and sold by a home delivery
only the FDA statement said there was no retail distribution the products included I'm
waiting to listen to this all you dog people out there the products included maintenance diet
labeled with a use by data February 17 2004 and beef with barley with the date of March 5th 2004
consumers are asked not to destroy the product themselves as the FDA is working with pet
pantry to ensure proper disposal got it got it maintenance diet labeled with a use by data
February 17 2004 and beef with barley with the date of March 5th 2004 don't give it to your dogs
unless the question rangers to get rid of them or if tiny was just around now you know
that's terrible that was a bad thing to say that would be like seeing who died you know that
she just really frosted my ass that broad you know just me on 27 past the hour speaking of
pizza law for you better go there and buy a lot of food because if they're gonna show all those
people out I don't believe that for men do you know wouldn't we have heard about that yes
yes anyway don't worry because it's the pizza law plaza how they're gonna kick Jeff out they're
not gonna do that right beyond peer one imports they're on university driving debut you'll find the
world famous pizza law that just keeps getting better and better all the time and that's why
people keep coming back more and more with a whole lot of the Gossamer's Bucke because you can't
beat it the price is just amazingly low the portions are big and gigantic generally enough for two
people and the food is fresh and delicious all your Italian favorites waiting for at the pizza
which they've been doing for what 20 years some years now about 30 long time chicken and
field dishes seafood calzone super subs three different kinds of great delicious pizza the best
garlic rolls you've ever had in your life I guarantee you just dripping with garlic it'll be
all over your fingers in the garlic too and they have take out and livery waiting for you and catering
for as little as five bucks per person for any kind of a party or a fair call 954916889549168888
9549168888 and don't forget now implantation in the second pizza lot location are they still in
business I mean they're on a huh they're doing great Jeff says that's what Jeff says they are
doing great they're kicking ass because out there by me and West Broward we have a dearth
a lack of fine places like this it's a little hard to find because you can't see it from the street
but it's right behind Walgreens everybody knows Walgreens on a corner of Nambhill and Sunrise
in a little shop the strip shopping center they're the same delicious food the same low prices
and the same big smile on the push with friendly service for take out delivery and catering
in the plantation call 954 3a2 1999 3a2 1999 and Jeff Cohen says like it or not he ain't going anywhere
when I better get the thrones for 205 60s you a yeah
that man's a friend William Chapness recording of Lucian the sky with diamonds was voted the
worst Beatles cover of all time and now the fab former captain Kirk has a whole CD of fab
poor covers it's Shatner warps the Beatles baby you can dry my god at walk speed Mr. Zoodle you know
I'm going to be a stop I hear they might bring back DJ Hooker and maybe I'll love you pick up
a copy of Shatner warps the Beatles and set your CD player on stun with this cover of don't let me down
don't let me down like twice line dot com did but they stop advertising I'll get you fries line
you'll need to call rescue 911 when I'm telling you you can explore the galaxy and never find a
collection of Beatles songs performed as poorly as only William Shatner can it's Shatner warps the
when I find myself in times of financial trouble I just appear at stifet conventions and make 10 grand
just for checking in with a bunch of people face cakes but then again they are my fans it's the Beatles
cover album that boldly goes where no Beatles cover album has gone before unless you count those
crappy versions Leonard Neymoy did it's Shatner warps the Beatles let it be let it be let it be
oh let it be I love that guy 1133 and 5 and 560 WDQA and the best part of it is you won't believe it
but I do not I don't listen right ahead of time in other words I'm not queuing it up to like a spot
I just put it back to the beginning and let it run that's our man that's for all on the video
over very soon is gonna I don't want to sit oh my man a little piece of the puzzle out so
well here's a guess from Jeff and Lake worth 6 to 10 breakfast with Bino yeah at least
you won't be farting all day anyway 10 to noon best of the poly man now we're talking the dog show
with the mad dog and big dog noon to two mo and a crow to the six DFO live from 11 worth 6 to 10
the best of the beast 10 to 2 and the reruns of Steve came morning show to the sick
hi Scott or Jeff here's the facts from somebody from dr john would you please spread the word
about this town hall meeting in Miami that addresses many issues related to voting and election
reform the meeting is tonight and election reform town hall meeting if any place needs to go to
reform school it's Miami wouldn't hurt to send what's your name to Mary and elephant from Broward
it says you should know how to select a new supervisor elections and reorganization of the
elections of promo will affect the conduct of every election in Miami date county let us in let us
in oh you should know how county and state governments are complying and not complying with
federal help america vote act have a and how have it will affect us all in a voting process i think
they are having us you should know how your tax dollars it means spend on elections and what is
happening with the voting machines in date county you should know how to join the i count campaign
to make sure that every voice and every vote counts the meeting is today Tuesday the 27th
how come it doesn't say where oh in the meeting room of the Caleb center 6.30 tonight at 54
of the northwest 22nd Avenue Miami you're going to be there oh no speakers dimmy maralus of the
date county commission leader Rodriguez Tassette of the ACLU and a bunch of other people
go ahead if you want more information about this meeting tonight you can call Cheryl Roberts from
the date election reform coalition at 305 576 2337 extension 17 they'll never get this maybe we
got to put this on a website you think okay uh Cheryl Roberts 305 576 2337 extension 17
you're not going to get all that information or Martha Mahoney coordinator of the town hall
meeting called 305 284 5869 6.30 tonight at the Caleb center in the meeting room okay I'm just
passing that along because dr john asked me to do when he sucked around pretty heavy on the facts too
he went like that I said okay sure I'll respond okay yeah that's what I said that's what I always say
are you sure 56705 60 how's the early returns on this thing what's your take on you going back
to 10 to 2 34 votes I'm telling you man we have nobody listening you do understand that don't you
what I don't want you to take it personal it must be because of the holidays maybe everybody's
bailed out huh no it's got to be that there's a that because how many years have we been doing
these polls about 400 and just to see the way these are dribbling and driving what's your take
on you go back 10 to 2 I'll listen whatever 20 that's that crowd again we appreciate though you know
50% of the audience will do whatever we say I love it 14 I hated three and it's okay okay two
okay okay okay here's a call from Fort Lauderdale hello hello yes sir
Requiem for a dream absolutely blew me away it was on the internet film channel the other day
right and I wouldn't know if I was just scrolling through the I got the dish I'm scrolling through my
program guide there and I saw it because I remember you talking about the other day right what a monster
of a movie yes it is yes it is phenomenal did you ever see Neil drugstore Cowboys no
very good movie too Matt Dylan I got it down
I'm gonna go on get it today that's it that's along the same lines and I'm trying to blank here
Mickey Rork what's Mickey Rork movie he's a trunk
barfly barfly yeah have you seen that no oh Neil definitely do barfly Mickey Rork
day by the way okay okay I got it down and sir Cowboys thanks Valley you got it okay I've got a lot of
friends there on the police force here that incomfinanciality have told me how much of an asshole
princes mm-hmm he sure looks like one let's see drugstore Cowboys what was the other one barfly
right okay I got my list now I'm back to this again do you I thought I'd save a few bucks after
blowing all that money in Amsterdam what is it just a totally wasted trip that's okay a lot of
people go to Amsterdam to get wasted so I guess it fit right in 39 votes on the other thing here
there's something strange going on I don't know it feels like are we on a year there's this a joke
is this like an April fool joke it's got to be 55 votes like I said once you take on you go back
10 to 2 I'll listen whatever 24 I love it 23 it's okay 5 I hate it 3 okay now we're starting to get
a little late a land there all right starting to get a little bit more there's nothing better than a
guy that just farts and perps there you go that's what I always say are kind of guy for real on the radio
now maybe the study is still like for well on a radio then maybe that'll be tomorrow's pool I took a
poll and what are they saying half the people hadn't heard him and then of the half who did two to
one like them as opposed to not right well that's not too bad not fine and sure is how beats Mo
nothing I mean I shouldn't probably drag him in here in comparison should I but I mean sure
is how beats the response we get about the Moe Meister here's West Palm Beach hello
hi Neil yes sir I've been listening to you for a long time and lately I've been spending too
much time in the car which means I've been hearing you a lot I just want to say I want to thank you
just so consistent uh uh family illness was what was in the car and I just wanted to say I
appreciate good radio I I disagree with you as often as I agree with you that you never bore me
and I just wanted to say thanks and thank you uh you're welcome and if I could just ask the
question do you have a favorite bit out of the many that you're like hmm I think I like the
bills to guard the monocos of a giant that's one of my favorites yeah that might be okay well
thanks again I appreciate your radio okay thanks and good luck you bet bye see there see there's
some nice people in Southport and not a whole lot of them we heard from three at least today well
most of the people they were pretty good right right so what do you mean up that we're getting a whole
lot of calls but there's just nobody in town right now or maybe George George chased what
Peter Boye told me or this morning when he went to take a crap he said you chased everybody away
right always just separate River Jones no you don't you don't chase them all away I mean most of
them yes but not all of them here 69 votes and I did not make that number up see I was going to
accuse by these assholes oh he just wanted to say 60 I can say 69 all I want how do you like that
I can't say much of anything else anymore with as much of patience we got running the country now
but I can say 69 how do you like that what's your day with fact when did uh Nixon get
take it what your tea take office 69 right let's see your take any of them back to 10 to 2 I love
a 31 I'll listen whatever 30 that's good it's okay five and I hate it only three well there there
you go excellent programming will boys at least that part we let out of the bag I mean why not
let that out see the reason I'm letting it out is because I don't want to give them an opportunity
to say oh well I didn't work out now we're going 10 to 2 that would be like the old CTs you know
what I'm saying I can't say that word the old clock tease that was with an L I say no that
that's that's what that would be like you can't you can't do that it's like when somebody comes in
they give you like a piece of a story or you know who's famous for that that little fat turd burger
is the beast oh if I can only tell you if I can only tell you what Moses is about that
yeah remember those days oh yeah before it most finally busted his fat ass off of that morning
show nice go on mode that's the one thing I agree with him on man that beast that kid is just real
trouble he is just trouble looking for a place to sit and squat 1141 19 till noon at 560 boys
at only 19 till noon I feel like I've been here for like months I'm not talking days I'm not
talking weeks I'm talking months but that's how it is after you've been on a really swift swift
the with the nifty big case man did I have to name suck don't go there I'm telling you if you
ever believe anything I told you I'm begging you don't go there I'll let you know when the
when they have the green light we know they got the red light district when they have the green light
when it's safe to go back when there's somebody they're a human I will let you know maybe Peter
will tell us my good close personal friend Peter the landlord a feeder 18 till noon at QM the
Neil deals keep on rolling from town layman and Joe Prieto at hell at Pontiac GMC as always here's
Neil deal number one waiting for you right now here's yourself 0% financing for 60 months on
every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock Neil deal number two gets yourself up to a $4,000 rebate on
every 2003 GMC and Pontiac in stock that is correct get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 car
truck in stock attention current and former military personnel get yourself an additional $750
rebate from your friends at hell at right now and here's a Neil end of the month deal Tom and Joe
will take an additional 500 bucks off on some of the Pontiac and GMC's most popular models but act
quick because this Neil deal is only good through the end of the month which is what day is that
28th is a wind Friday Friday through Friday and of course how that has always just got a great
selection of dependable pre-owned car destruction SUVs and as far as credit is concerned this is
the truth this isn't some kind of an advertising slogan if they give you a run around and your credit
isn't good enough for the other guys it'll be good enough for how they'll cut you deal somehow
how about Pontiac GMC there were 134 or one South Dixie highway that's US one across from the falls
open every day seven days a week if you want more info on the Neil deals call the Neil deal hotline
at 1.885344211 that's 1.885344211 and don't forget all Neil deals are sensitive credit
approval see neither for details and how that Pontiac GMC and don't forget they definitely be
professional graded my and look all this is 4.256 way
yeah
the asshole you asshole coming up on the next blend date hi I'm Roger Lodge let's
take a sneak peek at Eugene and Edna's uneventful unexciting blend date and if you allow me I'd
like to order for both of us wait a little have few slices of white bread and a couple glasses of
water please no ice mine please I can tell you like the parting wow the things you're about to
heat up when our encipit couple hops in the cab on their way to give each other massages at the
sexy spot I must say I'm glad I brought my bunion when it hit for our massage I can't wait oh look
manager golf oh let's go there instead oh you're pressing all my buttons tonight sister
driver follow that windmill haha haha haha haha now the moment of truth will Edna and Eugene say
good night or will they get that party started say would you like to come inside for a
drinky poo and a little fun and game haha I don't know I've got hot old routine and
stravel wow it takes me big boy haha wow we're bad that's tonight on an all new blend date
11.46.14 till noon at 5.60 WDQ I'm not tell you look at this we got one call on the board
here's Miami hello and you sir have you seen a 25th hour no it was Ed Norton and a very pepper it's
made by Spike Lee's and he was when it came out on DVD like this Tuesday yeah it's a pretty powerful
powerful movie about about a he's a drug dealer and he got caught for drugs and he's going to jail
for seven years and he basically had one day to spend with his family and friends and you'll
see what happens I can't tell you what happens in the story but it's it's very powerful it's very
good 25 hours 20 25th hour oh 25th hour okay yeah and about your time slot it's bad for me because I
going to work at one but I guess it's good for you to have to see Mo at all very good point so
there you go okay thanks pal I'm in thank thanks a lot and now why would I not see Mo
unless there was some kind of a buffer in there in between you know saying I'm not that I'm
trying to like drop any hints or anything at all I'm just making a suggestion you follow what I'm
saying no that's right you don't follow what I'm saying because you better shut up you're ready
created enough problems already five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
of Horizon Wireless Line we're going back to 10 to two soon very soon it's imminent
hundred votes even what's your take and that's already what 70 more than we head on the four
four hundred and seven what's your take on you go back 10 to two I'll listen whatever 48
that's so 45 percent I love it 46 it's okay 10 I hate it only three
here's a thought this is a tag you want me to read the tag from Brandy shoes now
well whatever
huh huh
ah man
yeah we had quite a time with our fax machine and the usual technical stuff and then we got
fixed it to come in today oh we finally got an engineer in that joint now if that company really
wants to save some money they send that George Corsa went along fishing trip and get his hats
out of there and cut off his paycheck cut off his water and we got two shawns who are both chronic
facts who shawne and Carl spring says if you're going back to 10 to two I think it's great but if
there's a new lineup at WQM what's going to happen with all those billboards that the station for
took forever to put up how long is it going to take to correct them or first of all it's already
the end of me and I can't imagine that they're going to spend the big bucks to keep those things
out there all along plus we got the spy report on a one on Griffin road by the turnpike there
or is it on wherever the hell it is turnpike a Griffin road that most billboard has vanished
is the rumor we're hearing Jorge yeah once we're in responsible for it right I went and turned
it around he's still making trouble the moment I know it's just your nature man I can't stop
here's the other shawne in Hollywood who's a beyond chronic factor says welcome back don't
believe the crap George your show was just fine you're one listener hidden on the road now what does
that mean my one listener oh he means I guess the one who said it shawne believe me that's the way
it feels like today I'll tell you it's been a bitch you're one listener hidden on the head with
cancun judging by the client tell the last time I was there they can save on paint and drop the
first syllable I wonder what he meant by that he also says Atlantic City was great in the 70s
would scattered ass as far as the eye can see in a drinking age of 18 now anything outside the
cramped table at ballies is an unflushed commode just like the one in our gold stains apartment
I flushed it out don't get panic I flushed it scattered ass as far as the eye can see that sounds
like cologne Germany seriously if there's one place that I would like you to uh both both of you
guys to go see before you croak it's cologne Germany be right back I'm serious I'm serious
what I'm the most to I'd love to go to Germany it is the most astonishing place I don't know
what the population is there you know I don't know maybe a couple hundred thousand it's not like a
huge city but you it's like two and a half hours from Amsterdam on the train and you get off
the train station which is just a magnificent beautiful place with all these great restaurants and
of course all that brought worst man I love my German sausage yeah I've heard oh but uh
seriously and then you go out and they have the big churches right next to the train station every
every city of any size more than 10 people in Europe has got like a big church you know the
dual the the dom the domo the the domo the domo the dom that whatever they call them and it's
right next to the a train station big olass church and you walk up past there it is it's a big
asshole church man and you walk past the big asshole church and there's hohe strasse which is
like the like a walking street like the Lincoln Road Mall only much much longer and much bigger
more much more impressive hohe strasse hohe strasse yeah and you just saw it all along on there
and of course there are all these side streets off in both directions that the you know have all
kinds of shops and neat and if these though now even saw in the train in the train station they had a
good dive a chocolate shop to show you how upscale everything is hey go up those checkered pants yeah
I did not wear my checkered pants in cologne because the and then the people there are dressed so
you know really upscale and the young people male and female you'll be pleased to know are also
beautiful that you think what what is going on here seriously we are clean cut and uh well dressed
in just I don't know how to describe it to you just beautiful people maybe they are the master
race they were right at the seat there I knew he'd start again and then you get on the train and you
go back to Amsterdam and you think holy crap what's this to happen here how can a place that's so
close on a map is so smarmy and oh man filthy and now I'm telling you forget about Amsterdam
cross it off your list forever it's the biggest favor I'll ever do you people out there okay I'll
do you here's the call from Fort Lauderdale hello Fort Lauderdale gone so kind of a day folks they're
they're busy excuse me but you are very busy here's the interior hello hey Neil welcome back thanks
Sean was right uh George was pretty good he's pretty good while you were gone and Tommy
was like on it day the time and time again yeah he was on it it was a trip okay one movie not to see okay empire
John Luguzama please please please okay I'll tell you what now I'll watch that in the next time I go
back to Amsterdam thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks a lot pali huh that's soon that's
soon as soon as I go back to Amsterdam I'll watch empire five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a AT&T and Verizon world is on the big topic today in Canada here is the
decriminalization of marriage wini the loudest and most persistent voices denouncing Canada's
pot laws this carat least with the story of a lawyer with the conference oh yeah well we know
about them we know about those lawyers with the cars don't we five six seven oh five sixty here's
a call from plantation hello pretty good good seems like the hot topic right now is uh
immigration especially over Mexico if you recall though four four or five years ago yeah half you
half you can and came on and made a statement they wish we should do this sounds like Dennis to me
this sounds like Dennis and uh all right yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
you're up and asking or something we're not putting your ass on here you moron see I may have been
away for a few days but I haven't lost it putting Dennis on the air to talk to me about immigration
he's trying to change the topic about the priest that jumped off the hotel balcony committed suicide
the pedophile priest trying to change the topic I mean I wonder where the hell of what field that came
out of it wasn't left field either I think it was the burning fields yeah we were talking about
Mexican immigration all day long oh sure that seems to be the hot topic isn't that yeah thanks a
lot Dennis I still say get some help okay we can get your package deal you and Greg
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight and you notice when I said is this
this is Dennis he just kept pounding right along you know hey you're not gonna interrupt his agenda
here's Fort Pierce hello yeah yes sir I heard a story where they're gonna start doing some of
the red light runners you know in promos they got cops dressed up as homeless people and they
radio down the road what do you think about that though I'm not gonna do something about the red light
what the red light runners oh but they have the cops undercover as homeless people then they radio
down the road to flag you that's sick is that sick yeah it is sick I mean I hate those red light
runners but that's not the way to do long time we just have a cop stand there so then we won't run
the light you know well big brother will be watching this all anyway pretty soon so tell them
George did a good job the best part was in gave out Gilbert's phone number everybody called Gilbert
good next one I love it I'm going to do it back okay thanks pal thanks a lot you really do that huh yeah
yeah well we've done it before but it can't hurt don't like well blow yeah we know very very sad I'll
tell you the first the first test of whether a person has any clue how to do a talk show if you
hear somebody that's talking to the same people every day then you know sir sir I don't want to
mention any names but you know right off the bat you're dealing with somebody has no idea
how to do a talk show I'd rather have my teeth drilled well it's just I mean anybody knows that
that's the death now I'm infectious yeah like it like I said like a death now like stars like
walking stars I'm infectious four minutes till noon at five sixty wm the mad dog the angry puppy at
my life and look this is for trail by city
where are it needed well the one hour on wq amp
don't miss the hottest movie of a year the special effects are groundbreaking the acting
magnificent the cinematography incredible then there's the plot you see machines have taken over
the world and we're all enslaved by the matrix except the guy from the bill and Ted's excellent
invention movie and the guy who played I turn it so what's really happening isn't happening at all
but it is but it's not now they're free but are they really free everybody wants in a while is
not so free so much they went black leather out bits and sunglasses and they do freaky sick kung
fruit tricks agents Smith who died in the first movie is back but now he can copy and paste
himself in and out of the matrix kind of like a really fancy word perfect program plus the
chick who plays trinity is all tricked up good and you can see your butt
the matrix reloaded may we suggest you get loaded before you see reloaded otherwise you won't
have a snowball chest and hell of understanding reloaded then they have another movie called matrix
revolutions which is actually the second half of this movie reloaded then again none of it's really
happening anyway but is it the matrix we loaded I'll pass okay it's eleven fifty nine coming up on
the big you know what is going to be great what we can dig out a lot of that old stuff
or you just hate people that use snappy openers for their show segments like that one to two
hour it's the water to two hours it's the one to do hour it's not just the one to two hour
it's a phenomenon and then and the rest okay we're back this is really a spastic day you know
never I in a long time since I've seen something like this here's a call from four lottery
hey Neil yes sir how you doing man great welcome back you know every time you get back you always
sound like you got your soul back at least for a little while then yeah then you get burnt out again
and you take off so I mean I'm glad you're doing that because I have no doubt it's extended your
time on the radio yeah my life what's your mind huh the reason why I'm calling is I wasn't really
gonna call but you jog my memory this morning about the ingrown hair on your testes yes sir
I have had that before but the other thing I wanted to tell you about it that you get a kick
out of it since you're so anti-uncircumcised was a few years ago you know I was at the beach a lot
during the summer and I was inspecting myself down there and I was like this little lump just past
you know the you know the head part you know and I'm thinking Jesus I need to go to doctor or I do
and I'm a circumcised you know and anyway I did a little like got pulled it back as far
as it couldn't actually went back farther and a little pebble like a shell or some kind of
pebble had got inside there and worked this way down so I never thought about that what a great
reason to have force gonna great place to save your sand pebbles yeah I completely forgot about
that but you talked about you know your incident I call it my second wallet it's great it's
it's a damn myth about the cheese I mean let's just scumbag or something you've got your
dirty bastards no no 30 30 30 no yes anyway I'll let y'all you guys fight it out you know I'm
I'm on the world so I've seen it all you know yeah I mean I just want to throw it no I just
want to throw in my anti-poish comment at the end here you guys the guys in the idiot I mean
you read these things on your website and even on other websites just this this this holds the
meaner you can see his body line it's the guys complete he's not always a moron but he's a swaggering
ultra-overconfident moron he's the double D guy don't you don't you don't you know it's right
these people that are getting vilified for speaking right you know what my name is Joe Lenzana I
live in Fort Lauderdale okay if you voted for Bush I think you have to misplace asshole ideas
I'm not I'm not afraid to say it that's this is some America man the nice knowing you Joe
thanks okay won't be here from Joan Almore but it sure has been nice to know what him he had so
big peer even with his sand pebble in it here's another fact from Jupiter says with a new lineup
changing minutes good to see the WQM is making a real commitment to quality entertainment broadcast
in the new lineup six to 10 a.m. transmitter maintenance 10 to two two to four mad dog four to seven
hank well there'd be a problem selling spots on new six to 10 show probably about the same rate
they're getting now you realize how close this faxes to the actual lineup yeah I know wow this
is scary I think this was an inside job and noon is coming gone by the way Malf your time is up
did anybody come in him or clearance to give you like a thumbs up thumbs down you'll be
any directive no well that's bad because I'm just itching to you know give a little or something
out there we gave at least a 10 to 2 for this show which uh right just belches and the best thing
I told I told this guy the other day I said uh literally the favorite thing I hear when that guy
does that is bad third man yeah that's that's my favorite thing on a show too when you say sure
what about 30 man that's my favorite thing on a show anyway does since we have a basically no
calls and it's just a spastic day and these people it's say you know holidays George chase
part of the audience away they're all out of town they're all the way down I'm stood on
or maybe there was like some major news thing we didn't know about maybe the thought police
came and took most of our latest ways yesterday how about your partner tapes on yesterday yeah I
heard about the 10 seconds of that we had tapes I just heard bits that's who we had a best
stuff tape on yesterday that's what I was told to play oh I I couldn't take any more than
like maybe half an hour of that and then I mean you were talking about the penny sales tax and oh no
I couldn't take it why'd you grab them to those the penny sales tax you know something
duff you and clearance between the two of you whether without the 10 to 2 between the two of you
brains were dangerous our programming people would be the safest people in America and that's my fault
I didn't tell him which tape to play I forgot to tell you about the hope and Cuba that's what they
want to hear oh that'd be better yeah hey frog and Christ man a best of tape with the penny sales
tax that's only from two summers ago or three whatever the hell it is here's our pull so far what's
your take on you going back see here I'm all whipped up and enthusiastic about the stuff that's
going on and I come in on here today and the response has been a minimal to nonexistent number one
and number two I'm hearing all of this crap like what went on yesterday why don't we just put
up new billboards and say don't listen to us please go away okay we got to where the audience is
getting too big to handle it gets unwieldy when it gets that big speaker that the trend coming out
later this week really I asked a muffmeister when he called me breathlessly yesterday duff
get off this instant and he said I think it's Thursday he didn't know his answer miserable you know
what that he was talking about 151 votes what's your take on the hills going back to 10 to 2 I love
it 67 I'll listen to whatever 67 it's okay 11 and I hate it six they hate it now here here's that
editorial from May 25th New York Times passed a butter please I think a lot of people are in
apology to dr bob posthumously posthumously I don't know that asshole be calm back
posthumously dr. Robert Atkins the diet guru who died last month from head injury suffered in
a fall would have enjoyed reading last week's issue of the new England Journal of Medicine it
carried two independent studies that enhanced the credibility of his controversial low carbohydrate
high fat high protein approach to weight loss though the Atkins diet has been reviled by the
medical establishment for decades is a bit wacky and even potentially dangerous the two new
studies in the third published last month suggested that actually works better than standard low
fat diets in the short term about any detectable signs of harm it was a startly reminder of how
little the experts know in this obesity plague nation about the best way to lose weight and keep
it off amen for the past several decades the prevailing dietary dog must have been that a fat
laden diet is bad for you driving up weight and clogging the arteries with substances that can
endanger the heart going against the grain was that against the greens dr. Ratkin said the real
culvert was carbohydrates it was just fine we'd all the stick eggs and butter that we were in for
as long as we cut down on the carbs unfortunately there was scant scientific evidence to support his
claims now however three controlled clinical trials and small numbers of patients have validated
the Atkins approach at least when pursued for six months one study of 63 moderately obese
subjects put on half put half on a conventional low fat diet and half on the Atkins plan the Atkins
Dutters lost more weight than the comparison group and surprisingly had healthier blood fat levels
fewer dangerous triglycerides and more good cholesterol the only trouble is neither that worked all
that well given the group's excessive weight averaging 216 pounds at the start those on the Atkins
that lost an average of 15 pounds by the end of six months and those on a conventional that lost seven
by the end of the year however each group had gained some of the weight back with the Atkins
group leading the way worse yet people dropped out of both diets and droves the sad truth is no
matter what diet people go on they have a hard time sticking to it it's enough to drain a
dress back to the drinking man's diet says the New York Times and they're at a twirl of course with
what's been going on at the time they're probably doing the drink and man's diet anyway what do you think
oh what I would think poor dr bobby's dead and buried now and finally they're saying you know
what you were right oh too late yeah we like to apologize oh too late it's like Galileo and
our bad what a pile of crock man as somebody in the one said pile of crock five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line we're gonna have to go back to movies again
man that's it do anything these bastards can talk about anymore here's Miami hello Miami Buenos
this meal yes sir how you doing good Neil Rogers the true patriot because peace is patriotic I want to
talk about the lineup for real in the morning Neil Mandage Hank Steve Goldstein becomes the chief
villain replacing the big zero and most sticks to dolphin games well you got good parts of it you
got chunks yeah chunks I didn't get it all no still love you Neil okay thanks pali now he's got he's
a pretty he's right right edges of it huh I think one more day won't kill them well what do you
mean one more day well make you think we're gonna get oh no seriously what makes you think that we're
gonna be able to announce it tomorrow nothing just because it's gonna happen on Thursday I mean because
it might happen as soon as Thursday I'm not gonna like blurt a bunch of stuff out on a year that
would be bad get them all been out of shape which it's their own fault see that's not the way you
do things in a business you do things in a certain kind of a way but they don't know how to do it
that way and they give you kind of like see if somebody says to me absolutely positively I like
kind of Lisa for example okay right if we are we were to play that again right now should I'll be
fired right absolutely correct sir because that's a management dictum that comes from corporate that's
that's the image that's just that it's been the law has been laid down and when you put something
in those terms in you draw the line in the sand that's fine but here it's always oh we'll have
some fun and bye bye don't be too specific you know like you know well what is that you know it's
like sitting down and taking half a dump you know and leave a couple of big hangar there you can't
do that yeah you don't like walk around yeah that pulled your pants up I mean I heard that surfing
expression hanging ten but that's just a little bit too much right down to the back of your
kneecap I would think huh that would be really bad good thing Carlos is in eating right now oh
it's an easy thing yeah wow who cares I'm sure it wouldn't be the first pile he dug into
I'll guarantee you that well I mean a guy that doesn't like chocolate all the other good food we've
talked about in his program his taste is in his touch what do you think about these dumpster diver
five six seven oh five sixty at least we're having a good time anyway the audience seems to be a
little bit all out of sorts but that's okay too bad and you know what they're bothered by what the
fact is we know something and they don't always disturbs them greatly yeah we do and we like to
send them back believe me it's 11 past noon at five sixty double to kill wasn't I talking about
losing weight only moments ago it seems to me I think I was balance for life might be the answer for
you you people have tried the drinking man's diet and the grapefruit diet and the addkins and all
others and maybe those haven't done it for you well balance for life is easy because you don't have
to count calories or carbohydrates you don't have to go to the store and go shopping and try to
figure out what to buy what you can eat no cleaning no cooking no nothing all you have to do is open
your little black sack they deliver right to your door by six o'clock every morning and inside your
sack is on your food for the entire day three delicious fresh gourmet meals two delicious snacks
they're all right in there and it'll keep you full all through the entire day you won't be
starving no little tiny parrot-like portions with balance for life no car bar no refined carbs
to speak of and of course no crap either no additives no garbage this is the only company that
lets you choose between two choices for each one of the meals and snacks every day it's your
on a program too they have a little menu they send you every week you make your choices and
there's the food every day right by your doorstep so let balance for life help you lose the weight
once and for all get you back in a shape help you lose that disgusting dangerous weight and if
you die of edic especially this could be a godsend for you call balance for life at nine five four
five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or
if you want more information about their program check them out on the web at balance for life dot com
i
know let's
everybody over
Come on baby, you're left, go back
All the way to your regret
We'll be on your chest in a circular motion
Come on baby, pull that cut that lotion
You have to wear your clothes, if you swim in the ocean
Come on baby, pull that cut that lotion
You better get the cut, then the higher the L
Pull the sun is gonna cook you like an ion shell
Come on, come on, pull that cut that lotion with me
Ooh, I sure don't like the way that ends
You know, like all over the place
Cuff 16 at 5'60, little Eva's rolling over in her freshly painted grave
And she just died here a short time ago
Right
Poor little Eva, she wouldn't be liking that, I guarantee you
You know, the Trimbo hemiens, a lot of people when they talk about Amsterdam
They'll say, oh well, that's a real Bohemian place
You know what Bohemian really is code for? Scummy
Scummy is right, people that don't bathe, that don't ever get a haircut
People address like slabs who sleep in their clothing for like days at a time
People with bad breath who haven't seen a toothbrush since before Jesus was a baby
That's what Bohemian means
And where people are so wasted, they're like staggering or mono
Yeah, it didn't used to be that way there, but that's what it is now, it blows
It blows chunks
You got it?
I think he came from Broward
1217 at 5'60, WQA
5'60, 7'05, 60, pound 5'60 on the AT&T in Verizon World
Stay tuned for the new Neil and Ferrell psychic show
Right, anticipate exactly what he's gonna say
Here's North Miami, hello
Hello
Yes sir
How you doing? Yes, I'm calling to give a comment on the Amsterdam
Yes sir?
I think that'd be a great place to go for vacation for so long
They just want to go and dabble on the coffee shops for like two or three days
And go visit the Heineken factory
Oh yeah, Heineken factory is really exciting
Well, I mean, you guys just go there and drink a little bit and relax for two or three days
Party a little bit, let's run with that
When's the last time were you there?
Well, I should have planned on going in about a month
I hear so many great things about a place where you'd want to go
So you're telling me you've never been there?
Not never been
Well, don't do it
You'll hate it
You think just for two or three days just to go drink and gable?
I got news for, I'd rather be in a coma for two or three days than go back to Amsterdam
That's how much I hated it
And I'm something that like lived there for part of two years
Okay, I hate it, I despise it, you'll hate it
So tell me where do you think I should go for vacation?
If you want to go to Europe? Yeah
Go to Berlin, go to Cologne, go to Barcelona
But don't go to Amsterdam
How much time have you got to go on vacation anyway?
Why would you want to waste what precious time you've got in a place that's a toilet?
Well, actually I have two months off from work
Uh-huh
Well, like I said then you can afford a couple of days in Amsterdam
Have a good time, Palli
Have a great time
See, he wants me to tell him it's great, okay, it's great, I love it
You know, you love it
Go to Rome, go to Venice, go to Frenza, Florence, go to a Milano even
Even as whatever to go to all these other places
But you know, go to Copenhagen
That's a fun place
Clean, people are dressed
They look like they haven't slept and are clothing for two months
I just came back two days ago sir, I'm trying to explain to you people
It places a toilet
If you're in the drugs
It would seem to me that you probably got a pretty good source right now
Call up Sarah Goulfarble, okay? She'll give you what's his name's number
The doctor was his name
No, her son, what that was his name? Harry
Harry, show me your Harry's number, okay?
He's got a little problem, he always has to grab the phone with that one hand
Oh man
Yeah
God
It just ain't what it used to be, man
It's just like saying, well how about if I had two or three days ago to Detroit
It'd be a lot of fun, what would you do there?
What would you do there besides just try to stay alive?
I mean, we're all the great restaurants that used to be there, they're all gone
They're all closed
It's a grotesque, depressing, horrendous place, that's what I'm trying to explain to you sir
It's a nasty rotten place and have a great time
There's no matter what I'm gonna say, he's still gonna go there
And then the Heineken factory, I mean, Jesus, God
Oh, I don't get your free little little cantabere when you go in there, go through the tour
People that go on tours through the Heineken factory, those people need mental help
Heineken
Oh, Jesus, God
In the meantime, yes, Wednesday, 1 o'clock trend
Who cares, that's not important, what's important is when does this audience get to find out the new QAM lineup and when it starts
When do we find out when it starts, that might be nice to know when we find out
Well, that's what we want to know, inquiring minds would like to find out
Who just gave you this trend crap stuff?
Well, screw him, okay
I'm not really screw him, I mean, a borrower said it wasn't too bad
Who?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, no, I'm serious, I want to know, we want to like get with it all right, instead of all this
Everything is gonna be a big song at a dance, and this has been going on for a long time now
Let's just, what do they say, Fisher cut bait, whatever that means, Fisher master bait
Well, what is that expression, or off the pot?
Right, crap or get the hanger out of there and get off the pot
You're still obsessed with that thing about the hanger
Well, we got a lot of hangers on a QAM
Especially an engineering George Corso
What's your take on Neil going back to 10 to 2? There's 197 votes, that's not too bad, not too good
I love it 88, I'll listen whatever, 88, 44.6% we like that a lot
People who are easy, it's okay 15, and I hate it 6 only 2%
Hate it
And that probably has to do with their work schedule like that one guy, you know
I feel like I'm rambling now, you know, maybe I'm a little in coherent, but that guy, people in the world
You know what, seriously this guy, well, you know what's wrong with him
Like he knows something, he's never been there
And I just, I've been spending as much of the day as possible warning people
Don't go there because it's a shadow, a shadow of what it once was
How much time can you spend in a coffee shop sitting there puffing away, stoned on your ass?
I mean some of you obviously are the rest of your life, okay great, go have a good time
Start the timer now, I'll let you know how long
Okay
Or come up here, it's a lot closer and a lot cheaper and a lot cleaner
And if people are actually bathed once in a while
Now we do have a little, you know, a few disease problems, but
Mad sorry
But at least you'll be clean when they put you in the box
Here's for Lauderdale, hello
Sometimes I feel a little bit bad
Oh God, now I know what he, I know
What do you have sometimes, I feel like I have a few words out
And we feel like you should die, what are you okay?
We just took an instant poll, everybody knew how to say they wish that you would die
Right away, not next week, not a week from circus, now
Die Dainu, that's what they said, even a glium are singing it, die Dainu
Here's Miami, hello
Miami
Hi, yes sir
Yes sir, how are you doing?
Good
I was in color in there a couple of years ago
You're absolutely correct about that being a beautiful place
I feel that the dome was out
Right
Right on the square there
I don't know if you noticed the out of there, they're betting on the plies of there
These beautiful street painters
And the interesting thing is that
Did you notice across the street from the dome, right across the dome, but the clock is
There's a McDonald's there
Yes
And you know
Well they, well in the train station, I'm sure you saw there's a pizza hut and they got McDonald's and Burger King
They got all the poising that we're exporting, yes
Yeah, but the interesting thing was that I went down there with Sunday morning to get breakfast
And you know the McDonald's and Germany sells beer on a Sunday
I'm sure that
Yeah, I was surprised that the McDonald's would be selling beer
In fact, I was talking to some of the Germans, they said the only stein they like is if it's filled with beer
Yeah, and the other interesting thing is if you go to the bars over there
There's a lot of Irish people sending these bars over there
Really?
Yeah, sure
Yeah, right behind the dome, they tell us the big Irish bar and down just by the rain nail is another big Irish bar
And a lot of Irish people working in letting over there in Germany
Aren't you amazed at how well dressed and clean cut the people are in that city?
I mean, you know, people
I feel beautiful and very clean and it's a nice place to visit
That guy was in steady arms, so damn, he would have much better time in coming home
Amen, thanks a lot, Pally
You're welcome, sir
Yeah, see that's what I would do if I was in by, I didn't waste my time trying to go on
Because he was obviously not going to listen to me anyway
Like he's never been there, I've been there about at least a hundred times
But he's the expert, I'm talking about the punk they call before
He's the expert and I'm like a bowzo
Which I would admit to that part
Get on again on a plane, go to Amsterdam and then immediately don't even leave the oil and speaking of train stations
All central station, Amsterdam, they're like redoing it
So it fits in with the ambiance of the rest of the city
Because it's just all torn apart and it's really dumpy and frumpy
I mean, just nasty, rotest
Just go to the counter to the train place and get you on a train to Cologne
You'll be there in two and a half hours, two hours and forty minutes
Oh, I should have pulled a article out about Bear Aspirin
Did you see there? Did you talk about that about the Bear people were selling
To Hemophilia, they were selling a drug that they knew caused HIV infection
Those freaking experimenting on Jews Nazis
Yes, now they're experimenting on Third World Country because they couldn't pedal the crap in the US or Europe because we were onto them
So they were still selling the medication in Third World countries and then finally they just got caught and they've been fined
I mean, to bear people, man, they've got more people
More ways of poisoning the public
Just fine
Well, whatever happened, I don't know, it's an ongoing thing
See what I'm saying?
In addition to which one you're dying in Third World Country who's going to go sue somebody for?
Who's going to go sue Bear Aspirin?
Yeah, good for him
Don't you people out there buy a Bear Aspirin under penalty of death, okay?
I'm flushing all my alchiceltzer
Right, did they make that too?
Yeah, unfortunately
Well, don't buy it
Nope, anything that Bear's got to do with just avoid it like the plague, okay?
Buy it, if you have a baby
In fact, when a train came in luckily because I guess I was facing the opposite way
Luckily, I didn't get to see the big Bear sign when you crossed the bridge coming into Cologne
Oh, God, it just crossed my fat ass when I see that Bear sign
We have aes
Yeah
Yeah, Bear, in fact the signer says Bear, it's a gas
26th, I'm going to keep thinking about that hanger, you know, we've got to stop it
Remember what you own crop would say, no more hangers
I know
Well, that's what happens when you, you know, extract your kids to the bedposts sooner or later they got there
You know, it's got to come out somehow
27 past noon at 560 WQM if your carpets look like it
And maybe to smell not too good either probably because you haven't had them cleaned in a long time
Every year for the last 21 years plus I've been using dry concepts in my home
And you ought to be doing the same thing too because nobody does it better
So whether it's your carpets, your draper, your expensive area, your rugs, your oriental rugs, your leather furniture, your poultry
All of these things, these are the folks you ought to entrust to dry concepts
And trust your valuables too, however I just said
If you have problems with pet orders and milder orders because by water damage they're not really a problem because dry concepts will work the same miracle on those and make them look and smell and feel just like brand new
So you owe it to yourself and your carpets to call the professionals and dry concepts and work their magic in your home
And don't forget no rip-offs, no games to give you a guaranteed written price up front before they start their magic
Call them tool free and be sure and tell them that old Neo told you to call 1-800-2485071
1-800-2485071 and just log on to their website at dryconcepts.com
Don't forget with dry concepts it's true, you're clean today, you can entertain tonight
We're sports video 5CC, UAM
We're on our balcony
Welcome
Hey, could I eat lunch?
We'll meet again if we don't wind up down
From the push cart till they left us all this way
We thought then due, blinds to cold, it was our duty
As the bombs drop from the stars come far away
Maybe we should have paid attention a little bit more to the facts we chose to ignore
The price of gaffer's decalant but I'm afraid that the alarm won't be very long
We'll meet again with a hold that by the
Civil rights will be restored one sunny day
We'll meet again if we don't wind up down
From the push cart till they left us all this way
We'll meet again with a hold that by the
Civil rights will be restored one sunny day
Come 31 at 560 WQM, the Mad Dog coming along at one hank in the studio at 3 tomorrow
He'll be at Chulas, 630 we got to Marlon pregame, Marlon's and the Expo is a be a gigantic crowd
That came 705 at PP Park, 80K at 10, Joanne Mark overnight to the 6th in the morning
At least that's the schedule for today, it's going to change very soon we believe
Any updates on that yet? Nope, why not?
Here's the fact that says I love that you're finally going back to tend to do it's about time
Absolutely correct
Amen, be a boy did a good job yesterday although we did play a couple of bits more than once
Did you play a couple of bits more than once, Bono Boy?
I played one more than once, the itty bitty titty didty
Oh good, I like that one and George never plays it
I don't do you? Sure
Why did you play that? I don't know
I'm sure I played it last week
You played with a request for it, I'm pretty sure I played it
Oh, anyway it says you think you could add a daily 5 minute guiding light, we can't do your show?
No, not if I want to stay on the ear item
All right, I did see the first half hour yesterday before passions, the one that you people didn't see yet
But I guess the end of the very end of passions today, it's worth the pain of all the rest of it
Fox and what's his name in Julian and all that, it's crap but the very end of the last scene is well worth the press of your mission on passions today
I just mentioned that in passing
It says I'm in between two houses so I haven't had my Tivo hooked up, haven't been able to watch the guy in the night for almost two months now
Maybe just a mention of sexy Gus I Tiro every now and then would do oh my god if not oh well, I'll still be listening anyhow
Gus I Tiro is about a sexy is a Vener boys ass
That sexy? Thanks
The hot guys on as you've been and Shane are the hot guys on God so whoever said this facts it's unsigned
I'm assuming a woman or maybe some fag, I don't know but please we'll help look
I know this really good ophthalmologist in Tamarack
We'll give out that number
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the only 18 and T in Verizon wireless line
12 33 Bush administration doesn't like Canada's new pot laws how do you like that too bad?
But I really want to thank you for coming by and joining us today
Tough to the that's my comment to that okay the Bush administration doesn't like it because it's too permissive
It's not fascistic enough for them okay, it's not goose stepping enough
Here's a call from Miami Lakes hello
Neil God yes sir hey Neil George is very good in the background especially when he's laughing at your jokes
We're in the background now cracks me up man, but he can't he can't carry a whole show by himself Neil
I like him alive, but he just can't he can't carry well that's because he's just a little guy always about any pounds so can what?
Anyways, and another a deal destruction the White House they haven't justified the advocate can we just get to Iraq and they're already picking another war with Iran what's going on?
Iran Iran's next baby
Yeah, let me tell you something we're going in yeah, let me tell you something by that by the time this assholes turned it over we're going to be in
Going to middle of war war three I'm forgetting baby armor getting we're on the road yep, yeah, I'm telling you man
They're going to pitch the whole damn world off and we're getting it
I'm right and you're going to be getting it too if you don't say goodbye have a great day pal
Okay, buddy. Okay, see ya see around pal I think he was over there on the 441 somewhere
Prove 34 26 to 1 at 560 double to QAM 5 670 560 in case you join us late
We got some massive programming changes coming up very very soon at QAM
That's all we can tell you we can't tell you because I decided we can tell you that this show is going back to tend to two
That's all we can say other than that it would be I mean I'll let George say it if he wants
Here's a call from sunrise hello
Hello, Neil yes, sir. Hey, how you doing great good good?
Let me ask you what was that movie that guy was talking about before with that I think it was you talk about the needle or heroin
Requiem for a dream oh recommend your dream. Oh, okay, and
One of the greatest movies in the history of the human race don't take my word for it get it
Yeah, yeah, definitely gonna go right yeah, and I think George does an excellent job
Can I ask George a quick question? Sure go ahead. George. Do you know those green drive tickets left?
No
Actually, we do but you know yeah, not while I'm doing the show okay
George can do giveaways while he's doing a show and believe me if we'd had to giveaways today if I'd have known that I'd
Give him away because it would have been a lot easier than sitting here begging for calls for four hours
Been pretty marginal at best and even on our pool today you notice boner Roy
Even a pull result is a shadow of what it usually is you see that yep
Very sad. Yeah, there's nobody out there
There's nobody listening which means that either everybody is tuned out and or everybody's just left
We noticed any lighter traffic lately just say yes pretend is wow
Nobody around
What's your take on you going back to 10 to 2 I'll listen whatever 107 I love it 100. It's okay 18
I hate it 9 3.8% hated the prospect of us going back to 10 to 2
I'll tell you one thing we've sure had a tremendous a
euphoric response to that here on the phone today
It's been spectacular
Here's North Miami. Hello
Hello Neil. Yes, sir. All right. You win. I called my buddy. I he'd been to Amsterdam three times. He told me
He concurred with you said about being filthy and it's really not worth it
Let me ask you let me ask you this question. What what do I have to gain by telling you that the place sucks?
Nothing at all. Hey, you used it used to be a great place
But the fact that it matters in the last year especially it's gone downhill so badly and there are no tourists there anymore
Only the locals who are very very obnoxious unfriendly nasty hostile people and I'm just trying to save you wasting time
That you can be spending and you're having a good time someplace else and you're absolutely right in I agree and that's why I called you back to
Listen to that but I wasn't trying to argue with you
I hope I'm not still known as a punk if I call back. No, okay, sir. Thanks for coming back and
We're glad to have you have a great time try cologne Germany, man. I'm Tony. You love it
All right, sir, and if you got that much time you definitely want to do some Italy
Yeah, well, I'm taking a leave of ass as I work for an airline instead of people laying off in our department
We have people to take a leave and a bunch of us did up and did it so
Roll and Florence man Roman Florence keeps an ad to yourself Roman Florence. Okay, sir. Have a great time, pal
Thank you. Bye. I see ordinarily if somebody would call back a second time
I'd get all surly and been out of shape, but he's you know he wasn't a punk number one and number two
Did some checking with somebody else he checked a second opinion and the other opinion said Neil is
Got his thumb on it
I mean I could understand if I was getting paid off by the Cologne Germany Chamber of Commerce or by you know
They roll my chamber of commerce. I could understand that but nothing for me
I'm not gonna get my heart earned money back that I just blew a thousand dollars on the plane trip and a
Hotel and Amsterdam
God, I wish I had to do it over in fact. You know what I'm gonna do what?
Just no just to prove that yeah as long as you're still breathing as long as there's life there's hope
I think what I'll do is next week. I'll do my vacation over again and
what and this time I'll do Cologne and Berlin and Rome and
Copenhagen's nice and then do it right this time. What do you say?
Yeah, sure and then you can go on again give away those tickets and have I have a hell of a time in your new time slot
What are we gonna be? I like 1231
Good things that this thought of you respond to next dead babies
John's here in the taxi car. I said driver central park
You look at me so quesitally I could tell he was in the dark
So I acted out my puncture rate and with my arms the trees I made
No bunk speaks English anymore
I went down to my young man beach weather was nice and sunny
I walked into a liquor store, but a guy there talks real fun
I asked him for a pint of Belgium Beemys'
It's not the end of what doesn't mean
English
Deli
Hell I think I've been Pakistan speaking with smelly
Or you can go back to my
Raaah
I came here many years ago
Learned my ABCs
I don't say much is grossiest I said pretty
So get yourself to a classroom quicker in America now stop making me sick
You know, but I should be English
1242 at 560 WQM happy to Tuesday to you
We're all gonna get on a big big 747 and go to Amsterdam, aren't we?
No, we're not and Tonya even you wouldn't want to go there now
Even a punk like you even a
A wild wacky a weed puffer like you has got no interest in going around Tonya, okay? Although
Even you well, I mean when you can get all you want from muffin a hallway. What do you want to go there for?
muffin
Here's Miami hello
See now now he's lowered his voice a little bit or raise whatever he's done with it
He's whispering in a on helium
The whisperer is back on helium folks. What did he say? I didn't understand it worded it even though no we don't care
You're an idiot sir. You're a moron. Okay. Talk to Stuttlery Steve. I don't know how he David had show
Maybe the two you can have a great life together
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 it's just amazing. I mean the longer I do this the more to it's like a it's like a psychiatric study of the human race
And you can just envision these people sitting there with their with their little phone for hours and hours waiting and waiting to get on for the three seconds
And then waiting to squeeze themselves when they hear my response, you know
This is the highlight of their existence
Here's Miami when it is hi Neil welcome back. Thank you so much and congratulations on the time change if that's actually gonna happen
All right, yes, it is gonna happen. Oh fantastic
And it won't that mean something like I with your book there if it sort of gets into a more prime
Segment of the day. Well, I mean it's certainly a lot better for our ratings because no other shows started nine o'clock in the morning
And it's like you know come trying to convince people to turn over to you while people are in the middle of listening to all the other morning shows
And it you know, it just doesn't work all that great. It's gonna be much more beneficial all the way around in addition to which not having to get up at six o'clock in the morning
Yeah, well that congratulations on that too. I was uh, you know driving around the extra last week and
I normally listened to you have you tuned in on my car radio
As a no offense to Georgia and I think but I was mainly listening to CD
I know is but I checked back all over there every once in a while and I swear to god meal every time I punched the A.M. button on my car
Serial I would come across either George or Carlos going
Bup bup bup over Castro and Cuba and I had to keep checking my style liar. I had to keep
Thanks for being Cuba. Yeah, I mean fake bag
I don't think either of those words were said the whole week either one well
I love to buy either one of us actually not at all Carlos yesterday you were going on about Castro before you're playing
Ali on park it was pretty darn funny. He went, wait a minute. He was going on about Castro. Yep. Yeah, I took over the show
I did a whole four hours. Let me tell you something. Get yourself some help. Okay, when you get your you know how many pills
This guy did before we made the car. Well, unless unless this guy's just trying to be funny. That was one of the
said Joe on one of the what one of the best at meal tapes had Joe on. Yeah, it was when Joe was being the producer. So maybe
That's what that what he's talking about but no, he's a chronic. Uh, he's just the fabricating. Why are you trying to rationalize?
You're getting sucked in now. Yeah, to a screamer out there. Obviously didn't get any over the holiday weekend
And she's all bad out of shape because for whatever you know, he's got a guava problem
Five as I do to his matter factor can't stand it stuff. Why do people eat guacamole?
What is that? I don't know. It was like a guava. It begins with GUA
Guacamole is not good. It looks like and it smells like baby poop and South of Mexico. They enjoy guacamole
Hmm
And after you if you spend a time there you do your squat remotely for a long time is what I'm hearing talk about hangers
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty you know this today
I gotta be honest with you not that I care because I feel pretty good
I'm real glad to be just out of Amsterdam. I feel my life, you know plus getting that thing out of my uh that I can't mention on the year out of my
Huh? Yeah, that gigantic mattress that was sitting in my living room
Hey fat boy, let me tell you something man. If the fat don't get your eye will
I'm calling up Luca Brotzi right after the show today. We're gonna get a hit on fat boy
Talk about a guy creating problems. Just just leave me alone. I'm doing just fine. Okay. I can afford my own bed
I can afford my own goddamn meals. I'm doing just great
Just leave me alone. We got rid of that PD Lenny. Yeah, so we got rid of that one now fat boys trying to move in on his territory
And the same with Bob Eisenberg, okay? I'm not gonna be going to any of your stores anytime soon South Florida
Because I happen to be 1200 miles away. Okay Bob. I know that's hard for you to figure out under that hair piece
I think that people with the bad hair pieces. I think it affects their mind
You know that could that could be the uh reason for mr. David
Well the roots dig into your brain for the molemeister is that what it is? I didn't think most had any roots but the chia pet
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Horizon line. We're just killing some time here
And it's obvious from the results on the polls and the phone that we're killing it
What's your take on you'll go back to 10 to 268 votes. I'll listen whatever 123. I love it 115
It's okay 19 I hated 4% 11 people said I hated
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello
Ah good afternoon. Yes sir. I guess I'm glad that you're back the reason I'm calling this
That's not what River Jones that's River Jones. Yeah, you called 50 times last week. Get lost asshole. See if the track
You know
Here's Miami. Hello
Miami. Yes sir
Am I on it sounds like you yes. Oh okay. Hey, are you going back to 10 to do that perfect? Right
But I hope they're not going to cut the mad dog short
No, the mad dog is still going to have two hours good because you two are the only guys who are worth listening to on the radio
The rest of them you know where they can go. I mean, I don't want to say the mad dog will be doing two to four
But the mad dog will still have two hours so as long as he has two hours and then you're still on 10 to two
Then everybody happy. All right
That's it. That's all the material. I got have a great Daniel you two thanks a me go see there you go
The guy that's happy already because I'm going to be doing 10 to two and he thinks the mad dog's going to be doing two to four
He's right and you know
See I'm letting little pieces of it dribble off because they won't respond to us in any way
And this is already the end of it is already Tuesday
This is not the way you run a railroad
Right what this is already the end of our show on Tuesday
And if we're going to have like some dramatic changes here in the next
imminent period of time then I think they're released
They can remember the day that Greg and Duffer on a phone with and drop whatever you're doing right now and call them
About something that was kaka. It was baby crap remember that right
I don't even remember what the hell that was about stuff and nonsense
Yeah, stuff in nonsense like in the middle of interrupting the show like like somebody just got murdered in the building
There was something like there was some major crisis
Kaka
Just like fat boy demanding that you call him and get on the phone in the middle of the show when you're doing the show last week over Kaka too much Kaka man
Speaking of that hangover we were talking about
Sports radio five six East U.A. Yeah
Kaka
Poo
Pissons what else what am I missing?
Raccoon
The night
Good
The mo
My plan's got
She was the best
I'm excited for my life
Oh ho
Here in the summer of 2003
On the beach
When it was beauty time
I was young and right
But my body was just a fine
I get to work again
Last forever
Forever
Forever
Yeah
Here in the summer of 2003
On the beach
On the beach
In the summer of 2003
Okay
1254-560 WDQA
We're in the final stretch here
And thank the Lord for that
You know what, thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Of course some might conclude
Instead that former Canadian
Alliance leader stock well
They is simply a more laughable figure
But that hardly seems fair
It's true that day's waterside
Press conference in 2000 was staged
Managed and laughable
Designed so that they could look vigorous
And athletic as he zoomed up in a wet suit
But bushes fighter plane landed on the deck of
U.S. battleship earlier this month
And his emergence from the cockpit in combat gear
And must up here was even more stage managed
Right out of the soft-tone sunset lighting
And the mission accomplished backdrop
Signed perfectly angled for TV viewers
As for laughable it's hard to outdo bush
Who went AWOL from the National Guard
During the Vietnam War
Streading around the ship and full battle regalia
Carrying his own helmet
I guess there wasn't anybody available to carry it for him
While the Canadian media had a field-a-land
Pudding stock well day at the American media
Largely treated the bush photo up as a serious event
If not a nation-building moment
One had to seek out obscure websites
To find questions like
Wasn't that a sock stuffed down the front of the president's combat pants?
Only an administration supremely confident of the media's
Dossility would have risked staging an event like that
Leaving bush open to ridicule from any media outlet
That saw its role as more than simply being a chronicler
Of tales of fearless leaders
This media-dossility is allowed the bush administration to go largely on
Challenges that adopts the mantle of an imperial presidency
Some of the administration's most rabid
Hoxie even come close to realizing their dream
Implementing the ultra-a-ledist ideas
And obscure political philosopher named Leo Strauss
Remember we talked about him?
Yeah
There's been a buzz recently of reports that Strauss
Who shaped the neo-conservative revolution from his post
At the University of Chicago is lionized by among others
Deputies of Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz
Wibley-Sin is the architect of Washington's post-9-11 strategy
Media counts that folks on Strauss' advocacy of strong leadership
Devoting less attention to his anti-democratic leanings
Central of the Straussian vision is a docile citizenry
kept uninformed and easy to manipulate through a perpetual fear of external attack
Deception of the citizens by those in power is critical
Explained Shadea Dury, a University of Calgary
Political scientist and author of Leo Strauss and the American right
Accordingly, a terrified American public was kept out of the mistaken illusion
That Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction
And would soon strike America if America didn't strike first
Clearly a vigorous questioning American media could show a spanner
Into the best laid plans of the White House Straussians
Or Leo cons, is there sometimes fault
But there seems to be a little chance of that these days
Rather anyone questioning the commander in chief or his policies is promptly dist by hostile bush supporters
Who display a virulent anti-democratic contempt for public debate or even often civilized discourse
So for instance, Fox News host Bill O'Reilly-Less
February interviewed an anti-war activist whose father was killed in the 9-11 attacks
One might have thought that losing a father in that American tragedy would have at least
In the activist's respectful hearing on an American interview program, wrong
O'Reilly never let up his verbal abuse during the interview
And afterwards promptly told the activists to get out of my studio before I tear you to effing pieces
Or as Chris Hill, business development vice president for Showtime Digital Media in California wrote me
After a recent column questioning US actions in Iraq, please do us all a favor and take a long walk off a short pier
You spineless leftist Canadian expletive for female geneteria as in, see you next time
In a less coarsely awarded attempt to shut down public debate
Historian Michael Bliss vehemently announced the star's Michelle Landsberg
For even posing questions in her column that normally any curious person let alone a historian will want answered like
How come the world's best military was unable to do anything about a hijacked airplanes flying over its territory for more than an hour on 9-11
Some people seem to be hoping will all feel too cow to ask any questions other than how the president managed to look so rugged and handsome in his uniform
How does he do it?
Right slanted McQuagans Sundays Toronto star
Bill Kring I beg your pardon I'm just guessing Bill Kring is that how he does it little dabble doing
I wonder how many dabs he's got to put on that probably
Now you notice today we didn't finish the show with that weapons of mass destruction thing as I think we need to move on
Okay I don't mean move on never played again but just not like at the end we don't want to be too predictable
You know we don't want to be too predictable although we are going back to 10 to 2
And the response has been spectacular from the audience today hasn't it? It's been unbelievable there's been an uppouring of emotion
The television networks the newspapers the hero the Sun sentinel city link what's the other one old times
That's it man
That's it man
Yeah all lined up at the door just waiting to read about the great changes coming to QAM
So what's the story did we find to get the the blowdown? No we get the green light no red light no light
Orange alert from the programming department look out keep your radio under your bed orange alert is out
Here's our poll so far any phenomenal response 305 votes Boehner boy aren't you impressed by that? Oh boy
How many listeners did George leave us you think?
Got third man
What's your take on you going back to 10 to 2 it's just the yet time of the year man I'll listen whatever 139 we like them a lot
I love it 133 it's okay 21 I hate it 12 people it's less than 4% you know what?
Yeah and we have only one thing to say about going back to 10 to 1 word
All right bye bye bye
Yeah and how about one more word
