What would you do if the mongers got to Chicago and sweep the cups for seconds left before ten o'clock you're on one you're up. It's ten o'clock in the big city.
You don't you don't talk to holidays right.
What are you guys doing it's after ten o'clock we're supposed to be done we're off we're gonna take a look at it's a Canadian Thanksgiving a.
What do you do on Canadian Thanksgiving a.
What do you do to Turkey already did that yesterday. Oh nice.
Well happy Canadian Thanksgiving deal and chase the bird excellent.
Alright Neil have a good one don't come back to my mean come back soon guys. Okay. We'll be back. We'll be here. Where are you Scott?
We need you. Yes, we do. Bye. See you.
I'll understand and Canadian Thanksgiving. I'm working.
Holy cow. Now that game was worse than spawning Neil Rogers and Hollywood Beach and one of those butt floss bandings.
Hi, this is Kimberly Plummer K ABC News with a one on one interview with gubernatorial hopeful Arnold Schwarzenegger. I'm sorry.
Excuse my apologies. What do you apologize for I'm not following you for everything Kimberly Plummer K ABC News.
I'm sorry to the people of California for what those bad movies you make no
Although if you don't like them I'm sorry Kimberly Plummer K ABC News. I'm sorry for this. Oh, you just touched my boobies. That was a demonstration.
Kimberly Plummer. I'm sorry. Well, don't do your demonstrations on me Mr. Schwarzenegger. I am here for a serious interview with you. I apologize.
You're very whiny. Go ahead with your question. Well, you're very touchy feeling. I apologize.
Excuse me, but did you just touch my ass? That was a demonstration. Kimberly Plummer K ABC News. That's why I want to apologize to the people of California. And I believe you should. I'm sorry.
I see you have a problem with women. I don't have a problem with women. I like to touch them. Excuse me, but we are not an object. May I see your aunt either?
I can't believe you just put your hand. Sorry. I'm sorry. Are you pilots? Oh?
Do it again. Yeah, good for you, Kimberly Plummer. You want me now, don't you?
You're a per... Let us have your aunt either.
Oh!
I'm sorry. I apologize. You are disgusting. I want to be the governor. Here, pull my lever vote for me.
Ew. Why is it purple? I eat grapes. I'm a grape either. Pull me lever.
1003 at 560 WK. I love that.
1385 votes under pull from over the weekend. This was our second poll on Friday.
Little Georgia was in their Friday, so he doesn't know what that was going on. What? Not much.
It was okay. It was sure better than the Abiston Clarence show. For Ella's, Alan, he's out of the weather.
Although a lot of people probably don't believe that. Do you think they believe it? No. Maybe he's going on strike.
Okay. Maybe he doesn't want to be babysat. You think that might have somebody to do it?
Well, Scott Jr says for Ella is really sick today. What's he got? He's sick of this place.
Oh, well, I can't say that I blame him. That's why I'm not there.
Which of these people do you most strongly believe a successful or has a job because of their skin color we asked on Friday?
And Maryam Elephant runs away with it. You know, remember the guy's got that called in and was giving me a song and a dance about...
Well, she didn't break any laws and she was...
I'll say it again. It was the same as Gray Davis. Same thing. He didn't break any laws.
Public finally got fed up with him and they said, get rid of him.
And that's what ought to be happen with Maryam Elephant. Only Gray Davis is a little grayer and lighter-complexed.
So that's why she wins our poll. Hands down. Nice going, Maryam. Keep firing people.
Maryam Elephant, 500 and 3 votes. Condoleezza, 358. Which we have a really good story on our website today.
Just rip and condoleezza. Big, big ass.
And clearance, token time is 268. Those three far, I mean heads and shoulders above anybody else.
Poor Oprah had only 71. Eminem had 69. I bet he enjoyed it.
Jay Feetler, 31. Bryant Gumball, 26. Johnny's Cochrane, 25. Donovan McNabb, 24. Donovan McNabb.
24. And Greg Gumball had only 8. See, Greg Gumball should, if we ever do a poll on nepotism,
who has a job only because of nepotism, Greg Gumball wouldn't like, he'd be in a running anyway.
What do we do now? Why? That's a good idea. That is a good poll. Who's got a job or whatever because of nepotism?
Of course you'd have to explain that word to the audience. Right. As in family.
Anyway, Miguel, the QM Best of Neal family will be on today's somewhere 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. at 163rd, U.S. 1 in North Dade, and a gas station.
I still say there's a big daddy's there on the Northeast.
What are the rules?
I'll scout the corner and pick a good spot.
Am I thinking of 163rd or is it one because the railroad tracks are right there, right?
Okay, right by there. Yes.
Yeah. Or am I thinking of 183rd and U.N. the U.S. 1?
All the tracks are on the long both of them.
No, no, I'm not talking about them. I'm talking about big daddy's. It's around there. You're not far.
Anyway, we'll give you like, you know, about within a 20 block radius of word isn't it?
You look for the QM band with our best and the Elmerch and Ice, which is really going over big time this year, not.
That'd be funny.
Yeah. I think the more Howard David and Keychain may have something to do with it.
Plus the fact that people are re-reheated tight and it's amazing to me that the same people who didn't have two nickels to rub together
who couldn't afford to go to any of those Marlon games due to regular season and now during the postseason activities,
which they're still hanging on, 65,000 has become the norm at P.P. Park. Isn't that amazing to you?
Shocking.
Even on a rainy day and all the other stuff, 65,000.
Yesterday it didn't look to me like they had as many cup fans as they did for the game on Friday and Saturday.
Oh, it was unbelievable.
There were thousands and thousands of them.
We can cup fans there on Friday and Saturday.
They weren't there, Scott?
Yes, there were.
Scott doesn't know though because he was at the Panther game.
That's right.
And it's tried to tell me that Saturday night that there were a whole bunch of people there for the Brew and Panther game.
One one over time, time, time.
Other Kiss Your Sister routine for commonplace.
And I'm telling you, I saw parts of that game on TV on a package and there was nobody there.
And that's understandable because everybody was either at the cup Marlon game or they were watching it on TV.
Nobody was at the Panther game.
Scott says, oh, there was at least 13, 14,000.
There was.
Yeah, whatever you say.
Even if paper attendance had only 13,000, which you know, they always goose that by about 4,000 or 5,000.
So that gets it down to 8 or 9.
And then we take away the half of that that's been giveaway tickets, not too thrilling so far.
MPs get there.
Oh, and of course, for all I sure hope he's not homeless and while he's out sick or the sick of the place.
Because I just want to say he was a little skeptical last week.
What day was it?
Was it Monday that I read the big thing from the inquire about Rush?
What I rather remember that far back.
Whatever maybe was I think the week before that.
Wasn't it?
Possibly.
Several days ago, whenever the hell it was and I read the thing from the inquire which I trust implicitly with Scott's life.
I trust the inquire they don't make no mistakes very often.
And especially when they splashed a big thing on the front page like that.
You can bet Scott's life on it that you that it's the Emma said it's for real.
So all of this rush business.
And for all of us say to me last week, yeah, but that's an actual inquiry.
Do you really believe that and that bitch he probably made that stuff up?
Why was he defending Rush?
You know, why is he so skeptical?
He better get with it.
I think it is contrary.
Is that he just being a prick at any rate?
The bottom line is not only is it true, but then of course on Friday on his show, Rush said,
oh, well, you know, I'm going to give him that.
I think I spent a whole show on it today.
But here's the poll.
I'm serious.
I've got a whole bunch of other stuff to drop in.
Here's the retire guy WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Happy holidays.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Yes.
I've heard you guys advertise a machine somewhere in Hollywood that stretches your bag back.
A DRG or D.
Stretch is your bag.
Stretch is your back.
You guys are back.
You're back.
You don't need a machine for that.
You don't need a machine for that.
Yes, stretch this.
Anyway, here's the poll for today.
Do you have any idea what he's talking about?
No.
A back stretching machine?
No, it sounds like the rack.
Yeah, let's put his ass on the rack just in honor of Columbus Day.
By the way, we should probably have some special music today, don't you think?
In honor of Columbus Day, because I was reading that there's a big celebration going on all weekend
for the Italian American...
I was...
I thought you were going to want some Colombian music for what?
For Columbus Day.
For Colombian Day?
Yeah.
And how about for Canadian Thanksgiving Day?
Man, I'll tell you one thing.
Turkey and cranberry sauce and stuffing and mashed taters with gravy.
All kinds of good stuff.
That I dragged over here yesterday.
What's your take?
Here's the poll.
What's your take on the Rush Limbaugh drug edition story?
And I've got three, six, seven great choices as usual.
That's why I happen on our poll is a lot of fun.
Want to hop on our poll?
No.
What's your take on the Rush Limbaugh drug edition story?
Oh, speaking of hopping on the poll, boy, I got a great story that's on our website about guys in their buck crack
who were like trying to break a record?
Seriously?
Yeah, I see your laugh.
This is a scratch record.
Well, I'm just talking about it.
Also, uncircumseized men have a much higher HIV risk.
I just mentioned that for Georgia's benefit.
So where the hell is my poll story?
It's in here somewhere in my big pile.
I got a big pile.
Is this it?
Now, that's about the girl taking a shower.
There's an infidio tape by a cop, 11-year-old girl in the shower.
Here's the one about Condoleezza sucks and blows.
Here it is, iron-butt-pole sitting champs crack at 165 in Berlin.
They crack.
They crack them.
After 165 days of sitting on the old pool.
Anyway, I bet you do have to probably tell you some stories.
What's your take on the Rush Limbaugh drug edition story?
Here's your seven choices.
He's a big fat hypocrite.
I hope he never comes back.
I'm still a ditto head.
I feel very sorry for him.
Rush is God.
I always know he was full of Schmidt or, hey, Rush, paper or plastic.
Those are the seven choices today.
I'm going to have to think about it for a while, you know what?
And of course, back when he went through his death period there for several months
and looked like he was on a virgin being out because he couldn't hear a goddamn thing.
There were a lot of people, oh, we feel so sorry for poor Rush.
How can you get me on the...
Yeah, and this is so terrible.
Well, guess what?
In the new inquire, October 21, which I have in my hand right now,
in the midst of all the rest of the story, his own doctors, new pills, caused deathness to says.
How do you like that?
Hydrocodone overuse was associated with rapidly progressive sensor-
sensor-renewral hearing loss in 12 patients.
These patients can be successfully rehabbed with cochlear implantation, which is what he had exactly.
I mean, it's right there for you.
Oh, we feel so sorry for Rush.
He's only popping out like 20,000, 30,000 a week.
So we'll talk about that in a great length today because not that I want to dance on his demise, do I?
Of course, he's only going away.
He says for 30 days, but the experts on rehab and of all this crap he was taking,
oxy-contin and all this other stuff, they say, they're going to China Men's Chants in Hell.
He's going to be able to get off that stuff in 30 days.
No chance. No way Jose is what they're saying.
What?
And let me say it again.
Plenty of people out there have drug problems, but what a hypocrite.
Statements like just a little piece.
His comment on jury Garcia of the grateful dead what he died.
He said 8, 11, 95.
Limbo says he's another dead drug addict.
That was his compassionate statement.
Yeah, I guess he didn't like that Ben and Jerry's ice cream.
That's a problem.
Who could probably made him fat as a cow?
And another thing, of course, losing all of that weight.
Well, at any rate, 10, 13 at 5, 60 W.
It was in the inquirer, Scott.
We bet your life on it, baby.
Trust me.
Don't trust Greg or Adaf or Clarence, but trust me.
Hey, if you have a crappy job, how'd you like to have yourself a new high-paying career before the interview?
Does it sound good?
So call our friends at Fast Train today.
And I have been telling you about distance before FDR was a baby.
So what are you waiting for?
Call them today, tool free at 1-866 Fast Train, because it's true,
just that one simple call can really change your life.
Fast Train can have your train in certified before years end.
The demand for computer professionals is continuing to grow like topsy.
There's no better time than right now to get you a new high-paying career.
Fast Train offers job placement assistance, convenient to evening weekend schedules.
And with six Florida locations including four right in South Florida,
there's going to be one very close and convenient buy-us.
Fast Train offers financial assistance for people to qualify too.
So if you're sick and tired of working for peanuts, if you're in a really crappy job,
you're frustrated because your life is on a treadmill.
Make that change today.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Check them out of the web first if you like it, fasttrained.com.
And then make that call finally and do something.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
Find a local, this is 560, the radio's on your side.
You win!
Come on, come on!
He was trapped in ice, stood atop a pole, and lived in a plexiglass box.
Now, Master Illusion is David Blaine faces his greatest challenge ever.
Come on man, I gotta get in there!
Yes, David Blaine, on the can.
Fast, alone, in the claustrophobic confines of the downstairs half-bath near the laundry room.
Dave, I really need to get in there man!
David Blaine, on the can, with only a glass of metamusel,
a nearly empty roll of Charmin at a five-month-old sports illustrated.
Dave, come on dude!
The turtle is poking his head out!
Don't miss the exciting conclusion of David Blaine on the can.
When David finally emerges from his fortress of fecal matter.
Oh, years man.
Uh, you know, come think of it, I don't have to go that bad, see ya later!
David Blaine, on the can.
It might be a pile of dung, but it's still better than all his other pointless stunts.
10, 18, at 5, 60.
Ever go to a public restroom and you have like really urgent,
and you don't have time to look and make sure that there's a reasonable amount on the roll.
Oh, yeah, I'll be right back.
And you sit down and you're already in mid-barn, yeah, you're committed.
Right, and no, not just committed, you're already like,
and you look at the roll and there's like enough, maybe like one, two sheets.
If that.
Yeah, like one, like it's at the, you see the cardboard.
Once you see the cardboard, you know, it's not a good sign.
Yeah, and at that point you start thinking about those Ruskies, man.
That's a one good thing that they came up with.
What's that?
He signs vodka.
It was like the Russian way of wiping your ass with like folding the toilet paper over like a hundred times.
Oh, that's the rumor.
Maybe that's why something swell like that.
Maybe that's why something advanced to Siberia.
I want to give you a kiss.
What is it?
The cardboard roll does come apart, you know.
Oh, yeah, never thought about that.
Yeah, it unrolls.
That's almost like wiping with brillo.
Oh, and here's two facts is now one that says I've listened to you daily since the mid eighties.
Far out coming to this town is the enemy of this festering cesspool of a town needed.
In spite of the beast, it says they hate to be seen rightfully so he does not belong in a year.
As much as I enjoy you and share most of your views on life, I'm putting WQM on notice if they keep twisting Scott's nuts or forcing to leave town.
I've had it with QA.
If word for pervs like me would enjoy Frank Casual talk, Scott's audience would not be as large as it is.
It wouldn't be as big as it is and his audience either.
Participated in the Columbus Day regatta this weekend for the first time and saw Elvis.
He was in a drunk and naked cruising around a party and inflatable dinghy with Princess Leah also naked.
In peach bushfire, the beast had said, we can go for both of those.
Another one that says poor, large ass gold farb.
Indie talks for 30 days.
Maybe you can have one of Noel's friends help him out with the special delivery with a package.
Huh?
Maybe if Rilken sent him his package.
Can't you just see him doing a cha cha with Sarah and saying, juice, juice, juice.
Yeah, I can see that.
What about I always told you about the people who scream and point the finger to loud us?
Huh?
They're always the one and it's usually the right wingers.
I mean, I think we don't have plenty of perverts like me in the left wing.
But it's usually the right wingers are always pointing the finger.
This was a pervert.
This was a drug version.
And Jerry Garcia said, I'm the dead drug addict.
Nice going rush.
You hypocritical bastard.
You look at the votes pouring in on this pool, man.
They feel strongly about this fat tub of crap.
What's your take on a rush limbo drug addiction study like 10 minutes we got 71 votes, George?
Maybe on a record breaking pace.
All right.
I always knew he was full of Schmidt 31.
I go to that.
Just like David Blaine.
He's a big fat hypocrite 24.
I hope he never comes back six.
I feel very sorry for him for.
Here's the one I voted for.
Hey, Rush, paper or plastic three.
I'm still a ditto head too and rushes God.
One rushes God.
I'd like to hear from those rush defenders out there who like to rationalize.
In addition to what you notice now in the discussions I saw over the weekend, there was some of this crap about, well, you know, you really have to give him credit for coming to grips and admitting to the public as prom.
He didn't come to grips with anything except all the packages.
The only reason he finally came clean so to speak in one of those detox again is because the inquirer outed him.
The national inquirer that Scott didn't believe in.
My Bible, my heroes at the inquirer, nice going boys.
And so what you got caught with his deliveries down that was at the end of that.
Before we get to all of that rush stuff and I don't want to spend more than two, three or four hours on it today.
Here's a call from Pompo.
Hello.
Hey, I'm from the old.
Yes, sir.
Just got back in from unfortunately six weeks in Connecticut, which is.
Oh my God.
But listen, I got a divorce in a two days in Jersey.
Oh, man, two quick, well, one suggestion, one question.
Neil, did your father pass away?
Yeah, a long time ago.
No, this is a guy from Friday again.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I didn't know.
I didn't know that my father passed away in August.
I was listening to you in Connecticut and I thought I heard something.
I was like, oh, jeez, you didn't know that.
I was like, what?
Huh?
You thought you heard what?
That you made mention about your father passing away.
I didn't mention anything about it.
We had two crank callers which you must have been one of my parents.
No, no, I swear to you, I was.
That was about your father.
He's been dead for like two, three years, who the hell knows?
No, I swear to you, I swear to you, I swear to you.
You're a point regarding about hypocrites for a future poll.
Who's the biggest hypocrite?
Like you talk about Rush saying about Joey Garcia and this and that.
You're right.
In the future.
No, it's not.
In the future, it's yours.
It's Deany from Atlanta.
Yeah, yeah.
Same as well.
MPs get their hooks in to be out.
Trying to sound very rational and he was in Connecticut for six weeks.
You're full of crap.
You were promised Thursday and Friday with the same daddy crap, whatever it was.
You need mental help, sir.
Why don't you get some help?
Here's one of the ditto heads, okay?
Who's trying somehow desperately to come through the back door if you're part of that expression.
I could offend his hero, to defend Rush.
So I thought, yeah, Scott, we were getting the ditto heads.
Well, I'm coming on glutes since I read that story from the inquire about 10 days ago.
Yeah.
Coming unglued.
And now that he's out of the a pop a pill pop in closet, man, that are really having a nervous breakdown.
MPs get their hooks into prostitution laws.
Canada could scrap its outdated prostitution laws.
And if they better protect the health and safety of sex trade workers, how do you like that?
A group of MPs has quietly launched the study that could bring changes to the criminal code, including wiping out the section that outlaws listening sex for cash.
Regulating the industry could also be part of the legislative overhaul.
Liberal MP, Hedi Fry, who is chairing the Commons Justice and Human Rights Subcommittee said no formal study addition has been done in 18 years.
In 1985, the Frazier Committee concluded that parliament should legalize communication for sex and regulate the industry.
The game is to curb the hardship facts on communities and to end the exploitation of invisible women who work the streets.
Get them off the streets and clean it up.
A party like that and a panel of MPs will seek input from academics and experts will also conduct outreach work.
They're going to be reaching out and grabbing it, traveling to destinations for onsite input from street workers in Canada and places like Amsterdam where prostitution is legal.
How right?
It's very important for us to talk to sex trade workers who may now want to come here to communicate for I said.
So there you go.
Just one more example of this country taking gigantic leaps and bounds of the future,
at least in the future for the Western hemisphere, as opposed to certain other countries that I want to mention,
that continue taking big, gigantic leaps back into the distant past, like that last asshole where this father died.
Here's Hi, Alia.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Great.
On Friday, I was listening to the SNIT show.
Yeah.
Well, someone has to.
And if you would have heard how the colors were calling in and saying,
well, was this such a big deal?
You know, they were rationalizing what happened to rush.
And then I thought I was saying, well, maybe this has helped rush because it could have saved them.
It could have kept on consuming drugs and it could have died.
And yeah, I was like, okay, whatever.
I say God bless the national inquire, man. It's what I say.
All right, Neil.
And have a great day.
Don't argue with me.
Yeah, the national inquire is where the God businesses.
They really have got the balls.
126 votes.
What's your take on a rush?
126 votes.
Are you following this?
That's astonishing.
This is shocking, man.
I mean, we only just put the poll under like about a few seconds ago.
About 30, man.
What's your take on a regular rush?
And I will give the whole thing for anybody that's been like, you know, wrapped up in more important stuff like ball game, things like that over the weekend.
A lot of big ball games, a lot of pressure.
It's often to be the girls team again yesterday.
Nice gone Patriots, baby.
Kind of a slow rocky start there, but they across the Giants.
Rush Limbaugh, he's a big fan.
Himpurgut 57 of you say that out of 140.
I always knew he was full of Schmidt 48.
I hope he never comes back 14.
Hey, Rush, paper or plastic eight.
I feel very sorry for him six.
I'm still a dino head five and rush his God.
Look, I can't do it as good as he does.
Who does?
Why should I have to do that?
Right.
When he's all worked up into a friendly, he's a little bit on edge.
You're on the...
See, he pops, he's waiting for that delivery.
Just calm down, right?
Aren't you impressed by that?
I love it.
That took me at least 30 seconds to put that together.
1026 at 560 W2QM.
Hey, if you're a big and fat and you don't have a lot of pills to pop, you know, to lose all that weight in a very short time.
Here's the answer for you.
Talk about healthy balance for life is the way to do it because they use the best friends.
You'll be amazed the first time you open your little black sack.
Wow, you look inside there and you'll see five meals, two gourmet meals and two delicious snacks in your black sack.
And they deliver your sack to you every morning by 6 a.m.
wherever you want them to deliver it.
And then there is enough food to keep you happy and full and satisfied and healthy all day long.
You'll start seeing the weight melt off on that scale within just a matter of days.
So if you're frustrated, if you're sick and tired of walking around waddling instead of walking,
if you're really out of shape lethargic, if you're diabetic run a virgin,
but trust me when I tell you diabetes ain't no fun man, it's a bad bad way to go.
And don't forget balance for life is the only company that lets you choose between two choices for each meal every day that you run a program.
Every day, every week at least you fill out the menu, you choose whatever you like and you fax it back to them and that's exactly what you get.
No calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting, no worries, no shopping even.
Just your little black sack and a big smile on your push and good news on the scale within just a matter of days.
Call balance for life today and I'm sure it's here by the first day you finish you look better than beast already.
Call 954-568-3229-954-568-3229 or check them on the Wicked World Wide Web at balanceforlife.com.
We're sports radio 560-UAM.
Bang in the butt honey.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
This is Rush Limbaugh, Servant of Humanity, Talk Show Host, Hemroyd Suffer.
Folks with over 300 pounds, I know the agony of this kind of dilemma.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's help.
With new Preparation Rush and my Rush to Excellence Suppository,
now you can end the pain and itching of hemorrhagal tissue.
Just look for my picture on the box of suppository is have the applicator tube,
another fine product from OIV, the obesity and broadcasting network.
Nice God Rush, you 1031-560.
So they're going to have people filling in to fill in for like at least the next 30 days because you're going to rehab.
We'll get to all of that in time. 183 votes on there, man.
It just pourin' in. Can you believe this? It's exciting.
A spectacular response here on the Monday morning.
Maybe that's because a lot of people are off from work today.
It's Columbus Day and it's Canadian Thanksgiving Day.
So it's kind of a holiday.
How is the like a lot of track kids aren't in school, right?
Sure they are.
They are? A Columbus Day?
Ah, what the hell was he? Stupid Wap.
It was Queen Isabella, Spic with the one that was responsible for sending it over here to salvage all the Indians.
Uh-huh, see? At any rate.
He was a silly savages what I heard.
Then into the Pintin, the symptom or rent it, don't forget about that.
That's what my sixth grade teacher Miss Helper used to know what you're making that up.
And I said, who you be?
I beg your pardon? She didn't say it that way.
I said, who you be? She said, Helper?
I said, well, that sounds like a good name.
Rush Limbaugh, recipient of the first annual Bill Bennett Hypocrisy Award by Center for the American Progress.
I love this.
In light of Rush Limbaugh's admission that he has a drug edition,
please see how a harshly Limbaugh's land-based drug addicts in the past
is unprecedented in the stounding display of hypocrisy.
Earns Rush, the first annual Bill Bennett Hypocrisy Award.
Bill says, don't bet on it.
Yeah, if you don't, he will. Now, I was just shutting some...
Oh, okay.
I told you, I just should not say it to the audience who think that I'm pretty stupid about computers, which I am.
And most other things too.
For a long time, I guess two years now since I've been here doing some of my shows here,
that there's no sound card in my computer, and as a result, I can't get no audio from it.
Well, I guess I come to find out that every computer pretty much has a sound card.
Pretty much.
But you know what really helps when sound...
You want sound to come out?
Yeah, I know, when you plug something into it.
Yeah, they're called speakers.
Oh, yeah.
How about a board?
What a freaking concept.
So not only do I have my nifty speakers here, which work like a charm,
but also I got that real audio thing going?
Really?
Unfortunately, it doesn't have to be the board here, like it does there.
But that's the way it goes.
Anyway, getting back to Russian, the first annual Bill Bennett hypocrisy award,
8.195, Russian on Gar-Ajiri Garcia.
He's another dead drug addict.
Then here's another one from the Russian Limbaugh Show, October 5, 1995.
There's nothing good about drug use.
We know it.
It destroys individuals, it destroys families.
Drug use, destroys society.
Drug use might...
Some might say it's destroying this country.
And we have laws against selling drugs, pushing drugs, using drugs, importing drugs,
and the laws are good because we know what happens to people in societies and neighborhoods
would become consumed by them.
And so if people are violating the law by doing drugs, the ought to be accused,
the ought to be convicted, the ought to be set up.
Yes.
What this says to me is that too many whites are getting away with drug use.
Too many whites are getting away with drug sales.
Too many whites are getting away with trafficking and this stuff.
The answer to this disparity is not to start letting people out of jail
because we're not putting others in jail who are breaking the law.
The answer is to go out and find out the ones who are getting away with it can victim
and send them up the river too.
Okay.
October 5, 1995 said Rush.
How do you like that?
Send them up the rivers what he said, which he ain't going up no river.
Exactly.
Here's another one.
What's the date on this?
92393.
I want to let you read along with me from a quote from Jerry Kalanzel about substance abuse.
And I think you'll find he's very much right.
I know every expert in the world will disagree with me, but I don't find it a disease part of it.
The first time you reach for a substance you're making a choice.
Every time you go back you're making a personal choice.
I feel very strong.
We about that.
What he's saying is that if there's a line of cocaine here,
I have to make the choice to go down and sniff it.
And his point is that we are rationalizing all this irresponsibility and all the choices people are making
and we're blaming not them, but society for it.
All these Hollywood celebrities say the reason they're weird and bizarre is because they were abused by their parents.
So we're going to pay for that kind of rehab too, and we shouldn't.
It's not our responsibility.
It's up to the people who are doing it and Kalanzel is right.
We've got more right after this on a Rush Limbaugh.
Propaganda hour.
Just calm down.
Okay, pop another one.
That's it. Just calm down.
Out of control.
Anyway, in case you missed the story because you were obsessed with it out there panhandling for money to buy Marlon tickets,
conservative commentator Rush Limbaugh announced during his radio program on Friday that he's addicted to painkillers
and is checking into a rehab center to break the hold.
This highly addictive medication has on me is what he said.
He said, you know, I always try to be honest with you and open about my life.
He said during a stunning admission aired nationwide.
So I need to tell you today that part of what you've heard and read is correct.
I'm addicted to prescription pain medication immediately following this broadcast.
I'm checking myself in a treatment center for the next 30 days to once and for all break the hold.
This highly addictive medication has on me.
He be saying Limbaugh gave up his job as the SPN sports analyst October 1,
three days after saying on the sports network Sunday NFL countdown that Phil Fadoffi,
Eagles quarterback, Donovan McNabb was overrated because the media wanted to see a black quarterback succeed.
The reports of possible drug abuse surfaced at about the same time first in the National Inquirer.
All right.
The tabloid interviewed Wilma Klein, who said she became Limbaugh's drug connection after working as is made.
She said Limbaugh had abused Oxycontin and other painkillers.
Law enforcement sources have spoken on condition of anonymity conferred to the AP.
There's the shop at the A&P that Limbaugh was being investigated by Palm Beach County State Attorney's Orifice.
At the present time, the authorities are conducting investigations.
You know, you know what this reminds me of?
Well, I actually showed it on one of the talking head shows yesterday.
They show Arnold sitting there with a straight face.
I think talking about Brocaugh about well, after the after the campaign is over, after the campaign,
then I can examine what these issues are and then look into them.
I mean, you know, as if to say he doesn't know whether we did these things or not.
He's going to investigate them kind of like OJ investigating whom ordered his wife and her buddy.
Kind of like the same thing.
Oh, you think? Why would you say that? He's looking right now.
I just got through saying it.
Limbaugh said he started taking painkiller some years ago, after Dr. Prescribden following the spinal surgery,
his back pain stemming from the surgery persisted.
So he said he started taking pills and became hooked.
I thought he just got through saying in that quote I read from him that you make the choice yourself.
Somebody just said, I'm for other people, that when somebody puts a few lines out and you decide to snort it up your freaking nose,
that it's you're doing.
And nobody just got through saying, don't do what I do. Do what I say.
That's what it always is, especially from the super moralist out there, the finger pointers,
the skeleton and the closet rattlers. That's what we're talking about.
Over the past seven years, I've tried to break my dependence on pain pills and in fact twice checked myself
in a medical facilities attempt to do so.
I've recently agreed with my physician about the next steps is what he said.
Of course, he didn't mention the timing of his departure is just coincidental with the big exposé in the inquire,
which I just coincidentally happen to have in my hand right now.
Like I said, the new one, October 21st issue, Russia's diary of addiction, the secret drug tapes,
his other pills suppliers, drug abuse suspected of causing his deafness, which I was the first one to tell you about that.
One of the first ones had you?
You bet your sweet ass.
Uh huh.
Once we got that story from the Palm Beach Post and put one and one together and got three and a half,
then we had to put it out.
He had to speak to the numbers. Take a look at that response on his pull here, man.
Oh!
Can that be for real?
Oh, they hate you, Rush.
234 votes in about 25 minutes. I've never seen anything like this.
What's your, we got to shout it to record today, you know?
All right.
Because we're only doing this one pool today.
This isn't one of those were like splitting half.
How about you, Eric is happy about that.
We all are.
Eric?
Uh huh.
He is headed.
Yeah, somebody goes tomorrow.
We'll do three to make up for it.
234 votes.
What's your take on Rush Limbaugh's drug addiction story?
He's a big fat hypocrite.
A hundred.
I always knew he was full of Schmitt 73.
I hope he never comes back 27.
Those are three very positive categories.
And hey, Rush, paper or plastic 13.
I feel very sorry for him.
9.
I bet you Robert Grieper voted on that.
Who's too much of a pussy to work this morning?
He didn't work, huh?
No.
No, because he had to work over the weekend some ballgame crap.
Meanwhile, our Scott Jr., as much of a knucklehead as he is,
he was there to one o'clock in the morning because they slept him in there for a ballgame
that never got played last night.
And he's back again here doing nothing.
I'm glad for punishment.
A glue time for punishment.
I feel very sorry for him.
9, including I'm sure Robert Grieper rushes God six.
And I'm still a dittohead six.
I'm a 234 vote.
So those positive categories there,
add up to a whopping 8.8% as opposed to the other 91.2% that say,
FM, Zimbola's Jr.
20 to 11, 10, 40.
Let's take a look at the agenda.
We do have a Panther Carolina Heracune game today.
Any interest in that?
Scott will probably go to it in Carolina, wouldn't you?
Sure.
Big hockey fan, man.
He's on at Panther Bandwagon.
We love the Panthers, the youngsters in the organization.
He's spot on the right to propaganda.
Anyway, we got the mad dog at two.
The humpers on from Shula's four to six 30.
It was going to be the seven, but he said he can't like do three hours on Columbus Day.
So Hank's four to six 30.
Two and a half hours.
Then we got the Panther preview at six 30.
The Panthers that Carolina to play to Heracune who really sucked seven o'clock tonight.
That should be two more points.
At least they're going to get off to a good start.
I think any K-Fallows the hockey game in Joe and Mark overnight with their prestigious lowly-touted show.
And speaking of lowly-touted, don't forget ratings Thursday, George.
I haven't forgotten one p.m. this Thursday, man.
That's when the Schmidt's going to hit the fan.
That's going to be a really, really big book and well, you've got a lot of responsibility next week.
Because I won't be a beauty when those hours by hours come down.
And of course, I hate to be the one has to face Moe when you realize that out of that six year in a morning in men,
Pharrell had like a 10 and Moe had two.
Absolutely.
Something like that.
It's going to be pretty embarrassing when they get the hour by hours Moe.
19-11 at 560 WDQM, if you're looking for a really great new place to try for breakfast, lunch, or dinner,
how about Vick and Irv's for my old hometown, Rochester, New York, home of the Lilocks, and really brutal weather.
At home of the 12 corners in Brighton.
Vick and Irv's has been around since 1934, what are its legendary?
And when you try it, the 104 Lauderdale, you'll understand why.
It's on federal highway just south of the Broward Boulevard and the tunnel on the east side, the Broward Boulevard.
That's like the Dixie Highway.
Vick and Irv's is a flashback in time to what restaurants used to be before these fabricated fast food joints, these pre-fab joints.
Go and enjoy a real burger or hot dog served hot fresh and fast.
And the good news is that Vick and Irv's is being brought to sound floored by the same folks who feed you Cheeburger Cheeburger
and Vick and Irv's is using the same fresh, 100% ground chock made as Cheeburger Cheeburger.
And all for you an incredible big fat one, a quarter pound hot dog.
And burgers and dogs all serve with a big signature meat sauce poured on top, giving you accommodation or flavors that will do a kazansky right in your puss.
Available no place else in town either believe me.
If you're looking for something really sensational, this is the place.
Vick and Irv, they got lots of other great dishes to including a gigantic breakfast menu.
You have omelettes cooked, order, French toast pancakes, all your favorite side dishes too.
So whether you're from Rochester or Rod de Coit, whether you're from Hungary, no matter where in the world you're from, you'll love this place.
Vick and Irv's they're on federal highway just south of Broward Boulevard and the tunnel on the east side, in town that old Neil Rogers from OK Terrace.
OK.
This is 420 of Vicentine, you way up.
No, from a tell.
Oh no, my Barbie's bleeding. I better get some gauze.
It's the violent crime victim Barbie.
She's not too happy after being accosted on the street, and she needs you to cheer her off.
I know it'll make you happy Barbie. Look over a drive in your new Corvette.
Oh I forgot, you can't work a clutch and you've been shot in the leg.
Jesus, they're all Barbie, but she's been shot twice.
Fog in the leg, now she's saying the crime.
And she's got all the wet and slab on the wrist. Look out, look out.
Barbie is pissed.
Now, you and Barbie can play in real life situations.
Barbie has given up her dream house in motorboat for subsidized housing in a rent control apartment.
An honor way to the laundromat, Barbie gets mugged.
Oh, that's a nasty room, yeah, Barbie.
It's okay. Dr. Cannot take care of you.
The violent crime victim Barbie.
Crushers, leg bris and room dressing, also, separately.
1045 at 560 W2QM. Happy Columbus Day. Happy Canadian Thanksgiving.
A and all the other good things to don't forget the lovely Miguel will be in the QM fan somewhere.
Very shortly between 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. for sure he's on his way.
160, 30, U.S. 1. There's something there.
There's like an intersection, you know?
There's like cars and bars traffic light, pours, cars and bars and churches and all kinds of crap.
Sluts and you'll have the best in the L.A. CD 2002, 2003.
They know how he David and Keychains.
Some of those demand it's left over Keychains for the last two years ago.
Oh, right.
That went like hotcakes and whatever else you want, he's got it.
No free tickets, though.
And being a holiday, being Columbus Day and a lot of people not working today and the kids being out of school not.
So there's no excuse for people not showing up and coming through with a lot of cash for abandoned pay rest due today.
Now I'm sure being how it's a Monday and the beginning of a brand new week, you probably got like a whole stack of envelopes with checks in them from the people around the building for a band of pay rest due.
Don't you? Sure. Yeah.
Duff Lindsey, he's the only one I think so far has come through for us.
If I leave anybody out.
Nope, that's it from inside the building. That's it.
Now, and by the way, PD Lenny, even though you don't work there anymore, instead of sending me a couple of stupid faxes, you could have sent by a check for a band of pay rest due.
You cheap Jew bastard.
By the way, we got another dead American soldier in the northern Iraq.
It's worth it.
Every single day, every day they're dying over there.
A trio of attacks on US troops in northern Iraq left one American soldier dead five of this wounded.
The coalition public information center said today.
One soldier was killed another was wounded near Badji, north of Saddam Hussein's hometown of Dekreat, when their Bradley fighting vehicle hit an anti-tank mine while on patrol around 745 last night.
The Bradley was destroyed in the incident.
Two other attacks involving improvised explosive devices left.
Four other soldiers wounded. The US military said.
Also, there's another story in here about the suicide rate in the army over there, which is pretty alarming.
I just mentioned it and has no idea.
We'll get to it maybe or not, all depending on how much time we want to spend on.
Love that on.
Rush, you can interspers.
I'm going to interspers.
I just press like a collar to hear it there because they're so good lately.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
One of the other angles nobody's talking about this rush thing is that he grabbed and kissed this woman and groped her.
And all that stuff he said about Clinton and Paul Jones.
Yeah, but he was just the surgeon for bugs.
Yeah.
Maybe she had a bug up her bed-alice.
And so I like to see all the quotes on that.
He talked about.
Hey, he's holier than us.
What have I told you?
The ones who say I'm holier than you are there, the real, they're the ones you ought to be running and calling God then police.
And he seems to be able to play golf pretty good with his, with his cronies, with, with bad back problems.
Just like OJ with his bad knees, isn't it, Mason?
Yeah, he seems to be able to, you know, if, if Bush calls, he's right there to with his, with his, with his bad back problems.
And, and so powerful, amazing.
So, great, it's a great day for the Italians and all the rest of us too, pal, and have a great one.
Not that we want to pile on doing, you bet we do, man.
I got a brother.
There are fewer people I can think of that we'd like to see in a scandal in disgrace than this pop-it-self aggrandizing finger pointing asshole lying piece of crap.
That book, I'm gonna, that's another book I'm gonna go out and get.
I got so many books.
I don't know when I'm going to have time to read them.
I got a half a dozen, I was stacked up.
Lots of cracks.
I got a David Corman book.
I got the Al Franken book.
The Al Franken, the Rush Limbaugh is a big fat liar, isn't that the name of it?
That's it.
I got to get that too.
That was a good time being readin' it.
And so you just tear as apart piece by piece, many, not all certainly because nobody's got a book big enough for that.
You have to have that encyclopedia of the lies and distortions and bullcrap that he spews to all those idiotic ditto heads.
Oh, whatever you say, Rush, well Rush said this.
Oh, I'm sorry, the alumnus and the Rush.
Those people need help.
Those people need serious, serious help.
And so do their dobermans too, by the way.
We got to get abandoned pet rescue to save all those dobermans that are being entrapped by those ditto heads.
Dobermans route, it's pit bulls now.
Oh, is that what it is?
Does that make a more macho?
Oh, I think I have a program that'll be taking your questions asking for your comments.
You see the toll free number.
Call us starting at noon Easter and a little bit more.
Yeah, they just showed his fat ass on here again.
It's not quite so fat ass because when you pop all the impills, you know,
you don't have time to eat when your mouth is full of pills all the time.
He's eating pills.
Now what?
And good.
This is unbelievable.
This man will not stop.
Norma Kent will not stop.
At least it's not a phone call.
It's a facts.
Okay.
He says for what it's worth if Rush is found away illegally.
See, this is a man in search of attention and an audience.
Norma Kent.
Now, he would tell you that he's just trying to pass along some good legal information.
Okay, Norma, thanks a lot.
And don't have that your boyfriend's calling here no more.
My ex-boyfriend.
Well, if you only do somebody twice, is that a boyfriend?
No.
For what it's worth, the other Rush has found to have illegally acquired thousands of pills
and subsequently gets criminally charged with oxy-continuoxicotone trafficking.
He would be, could be, would be facing a mandatory minimum sentence of 15 years in Florida State prison under drug laws imposed by his dear friend, Jeb Bush.
But you know, that's not going to happen.
No.
It says it doesn't matter if he's just the user of the illegal prescriptions, whether he consumed or purchased the illegal quantities, he could be criminally prosecuted for trafficking and it could be the prison and broadcasting network.
It could be Rush Limbo and Jazz McKay.
I'll try by each.
Would that be great?
I love it.
Rush Limbo and Jazz McKay, all jailbirds, all day on whatever.
You know, that's something about a cheap format.
I like it.
So thanks a lot, Norma, for the information.
Here's our best of Neal Total, pretty weak.
31,245.
Thank you, Miguel.
Or whoever faxed this, I guess it's Miguel.
Well, he handed it to me and I faxed it.
He handed it to you?
Mm-hmm.
And the fax, too.
Okay, I'm going to tell you one thing.
Yeah.
If we don't raise some serious money there today, or wherever it held, he's going to be between 11 and 1.
I'm going to, when I come back to town, the word is that he's going to force me to lick his privates as what I'm here.
Oh.
Best of Neal Total, 31,245.
And even if we do raise some money at any rate.
So here's the new inquirer.
We're going to, how do I start?
You know what?
Top.
Top line.
Well, let me take another caller, too, because once I get rolling on this, you know, just like CCR, Roller Rush was rolling, too.
Oh, papers, yeah.
Here's for Lauderdale.
This could be the one.
For Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neal.
I'm going to ask you, what about Al Franken's admitted cocaine use?
You fat bastard scumbag piece of shit?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Al Franken ain't pointing the accusatory finger.
That's the difference, asshole, with a big potty mouth and did I'll admit it?
Don't, don't, don't, don't you love the way that these people are spiling like a corner of wrath?
They like, like that.
Well, too bad.
He, we're not talking about Al Franken or anybody else.
We're talking about your big hero now.
Mr. I'm, holier than now.
I'm better than everybody else.
Mr. Ripon, everybody in the goddamn world.
But I'm pious and I'm a, this, I'm a, your full of crap is what you are, man.
You're a lion, hypocritical, sack of crap, who probably doesn't believe 95% of the stuff you've been spewing on the year all these years.
You're right-wing anti-human garbage.
They can't deal with it, man.
No.
They're coming on glue with 304 votes.
304 votes.
Once you take on a Rush Limbaugh drug edition story, he's a big fat hypocrite, 128.
I always knew he was full of schmitt, 102.
I hope he never comes back 34.
Hey Rush, paper or plastic?
You spastic?
16.
I feel very sorry for him.
Still nine.
Rush has got eight.
And I'm still a ditto head.
Look, the, the, the, the, seven.
Bring it on, all you ditto heads, man.
Bring it on, all your speed, a man, all your crap.
Here's an, let's see.
Don't forget another hypocritical aspect of the Rush Man.
It says one of the frequent object of his volstrum it is the dreaded left wing back trial lawyers.
Now the first thing he does is hire world famous attorney Roy Black to litigate his fat ass out of the ringer excellent point.
The dude you wrote, oh, this is from the do I run as the thinkers from Georgia is supposed to be actual asshole from Georgia.
It is more than one asshole in Georgia is an ass net baby.
He's sore about it.
So there you go.
Thank you very much.
They're whipped up to a frenzy about what the, but let's hear from them all the ditto heads especially.
We invite you to call and share.
I see that you know who that is and you already got it on there.
No, see nobody in data brow calls online.
Nine Scott, I know that comes as a great revelation.
I know.
Here's the economy.
Yeah, there he is.
Here's a booker.
Hello.
Yo, yeah, sir.
Hey, I just want to sit in that enough.
That guy, Rush Limbaugh, he definitely should be charged with trafficking.
And I wonder how many hookers he probably killed already doing that.
Well, I would say probably.
Not third man.
How many hookers he killed?
Yeah, let's take the Rush book about how the Clintons take it out of his book.
Clintons killed all the people that he fantasized about.
In fact, you know, now I just something just dawned on me.
Now we fight out while he, oh, look at who's there.
It's more than probably just said in the heat of the moment.
And, oh, my God, the wimpiest man on a face of the globe, John Henry.
I must be crazy.
I must be.
No, I'm about to brawl the Boston.
That was, that was really grotesque.
Even George has probably seen about that who waits for it's like poison.
You seen about it?
No.
But it just dawned on me that now the excuse for spewing all these lies in this bullcrap over the years is going to be because he was like, uh, yeah.
Stoned off his ass.
That sounds like a real good cop I've done.
No, he's not going to say that.
Miguel, 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. at some or 163rd US one.
Look for the QM van.
We'll tell you exactly where as soon as he gets there and decides where he's going to be with our best of merchandise.
And come by with some cash for band and pair rescue.
Try to make up for the cheap bastards I work with inside of building who so far the enough haven't given me like that.
They have not even that.
Not even like a little sack of that.
314 votes, man.
They're pouring in.
They're pouring in and all the rushes out there.
Yeah.
Oh, no.
And then trying to turn it around.
You know, this one is that.
And he is an Al Franken is taking you up.
He's doing up the nose and everybody.
That's not the point.
I'm talking about everybody else right now.
Okay.
We're talking about your hero, man.
Who's off the air for at least 30 days because he's in rehab now for the third time.
You've turned.
Exactly.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Kendall.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Long time, second time.
And I've been listening to you since I moved out here from at 30-60.
Anyway, I'm a little bit mad.
And I've been in recovery for almost 22 years.
I am so happy that that hip-to-critical Ryan Sarkat dog meat is going down.
And he will never recover because it lives in a $30 million home.
He has never hit bottom.
He doesn't know what a bottom is.
And that's what's going to happen to anybody that is so analytical and so intelligent.
And so pompous that he is.
I've been sponsoring people for 22 years.
I've seen them go back out and kill themselves.
And he ain't going to do anything until he hits final bottom and ends up losing everything.
And what I'm saying is when he hits bottom, we're all going to feel it.
It would be like a quake.
He's just used to sell pompous and so full of himself.
And then it's just it was good.
Right, right.
We did.
I saw him go down.
Maybe it's made my whole month.
I'll tell you that.
Right, right.
I think I've got a whole year.
As your recovery person here, I would like to have a little empathy for him.
But that's not this time.
You guys have to make an exception.
We have just one more making exception.
I love you and keep up to go work, I even love George Moseth up to you.
Well, there you go.
You're a hell of a guy.
Thanks a lot, Pallee.
Even love George.
I like to find you local.
We are sports radio five 60s you and you, and...
You, and...
I have juice stop right now.
Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the Two Hollywood Celebrity Music Festival.
biography profile story. They were a Danish band who
broke fun at one of America's cultural icons. Hey, who
said the f*** Danish ever write to do that? They were
Aqua.
Seeing a many new strobe who played Barbie in the band's famous
video spoke to us through an interpreter.
Even though we were quite popular at home, we once won a Danish Grammy.
Well, a Danish Grammy. Wonder what that award ceremony was like.
And Dinviner is Aqua.
But winning the Lainast foreign awards is not all Aqua is known for.
They were also sued by American Toymaker Mattel who owns the Barbie trademark.
Mattel spoke to us through an interpreter.
Okay, he think those f***ing houses.
They think things up with those.
Barbie is our f***ing you Aqua.
But Mattel lost the case of victory for Aqua.
They spoke to us through an interpreter.
I believe that's Nia Nia Nia Nia.
Aqua.
That was wacky Danish.
Do they even know we named a breakfast food after them?
It's a big juicy, stopping wet look at your business tonight.
On inside of behind.
What was that freedom pride?
1202 at 560 WDQIM.
Anyway, here's our most chronic of all the factors who want to be
pinned a little bit more attention.
Can you post the rush quotes on a website?
I'm giddy with happiness.
Thanks.
It's already been on there.
So if you go to our website and just look,
it was over the weekend.
Just a headline.
It's a story from common dreams.com.
A dot org, whatever the hell it is.
Rush Limbaugh, recipient of the first annual Bill Betted
Hypocrisy Award.
That's the headline you're looking for.
It's on there.
Along with other good stories, including the one from Newsweek,
which I have on my hand right now.
I don't know where to start.
You know what?
Top luck.
Because I got the inquirer thing.
I got the Newsweek story, which people
have poo-poo the inquirer.
Don't be poo-poo in the inquirer.
Anybody's got a brain out there.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yes, see?
Any rate?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
Now it's 11.03.
Do we know where Miguel is?
Do you know where your kids are now?
No, he ain't called yet.
He hasn't called yet?
Well, how do we do an appearance from 11.00 AM to 1 PM
with 11.03?
And we don't know where the hell he is.
He's somewhere around by 163rd, and he's
West 1.
He probably found the big daddy's there.
Maybe he's just like he's loaded.
There's more of your big daddy's,
the lookers and the doers.
Oh, now you're sending me a car.
Oh, look at this.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
That's cute.
Got a bunch of donkeys.
Donkeys all sitting with big smiles
under pushing high-five, and slapping each other
on the ass and each other's ass.
Rush Limbaugh said, Rugged, that's
where a lot of people are in heaven today.
Maybe you look at the results on the pool.
People are ecstatic because finally,
this big tub of gas, this big fat tub of baloney.
Before anything else though, before I forget,
I do want to read that one story about his hearing,
because there were some people saying,
oh, well, how do you remember that doctor that called him
that one day?
He said, oh, well, that's news to me.
Well, like most self-fotos doctors,
and the common cold is probably news to them, too.
His own doctor's new pills caused death.
This is on page 37 in the October 21,
National Inquirer, our Bible.
The deafness that nearly ended Rush Limbaugh's career
was almost certainly caused by his massive abuse
of prescription narcotics according
to the latest scientific research from the experts
who treated the talk radio Titan.
Incredibly, the prestigious group of ear doctors
who gave Limbaugh a career-saving inner ear implant
two years ago was also the first group
to make note of the close connection between deafness
and narcotics abuse.
Patients who abused combinations of the narcotic hydrocodone
and acetaminophen could be causing the development
of hearing problems and sudden deafness,
Dr. Bradford Ress, a top Florida ear specialist
who practices in Boka, but who was not treating Limbaugh
told the Inquirer, that's the finding of the latest research
which came from the House Air Institute in Lost Angeles.
It seems more than just a coincidence
that then that the Dr. Antonio De La Cruz of the same,
I wanted Dr. Antonio De La Cila Cruz
of the same prestigious house institute was the surgeon
who installed a cocktail implant in Limbaugh's left ear
in December 2001 to prevent total deafness.
You hear me?
The institute's president, Dr. John Howes,
first made the drug-slash deafness connection
in March 2000 when he published a report
in the American Journal of Older Lair and Geology.
What?
Older Lair and Geology, that's what it is?
Yeah, that.
With a T, older with a T, older with a rotor.
Hydrocodone overuse was associated with rapidly progressive
sensorineural, see I can't say that,
since Surrier, because it's the look right.
Sensory neural hearing loss in 12 patients.
These patients can be successfully rehabilitated
with cocktail implantation.
But one of the most frightening aspects
of the opiate related deafness is that the process
of going deaf doesn't necessarily stop
when the drug abuse does according to the reports.
Some patients have retained some hearing
if they stop using the painkillers immediately come in
to Dr. Howes, but for the most part,
the damage is already done.
Once the process starts, it seems irreversible
as what he said.
How do you like that?
Of course they do.
So he's got his freaking cocktail implant
and my commentator is, coxal hoist.
Oh, but Neil, we should all pray for Russian.
Hope for the best for the speed.
I'll pray for him.
He's beginning back on the ear,
they're right away.
And some of these bogus filens are going
to happen the next 30 days.
It's going to be really ponderous.
You know what?
I mean, what do the ditto head's going to do for 30 days?
Here's a fact that says a couple of points.
Whether these ditto heads like it or not,
but they don't want to admit is that all this time
he'd been high when he's on his throne speaking to them.
All of his wisdom with its moral high ground,
pomposity, all his right wing talking points,
which make up the basis of their personal politics,
comes not from one who walks the walk.
It comes on who stoned off his ass
and doesn'ts a pills a day.
And you are absolutely correct.
Oh, and here's another addendum on this.
Facts, good points.
As I hope the Marlins don't win
because the talks already started again about a new stadium.
If they win the division or God forbid the world's serious,
it'll definitely get that bolstemy rolling again.
Well, you're right.
That's what everybody's on there just waiting for.
This is just a old but look at that.
They've packed 65,000 people a game in there.
Yeah, well, we'll see how long that would last.
But don't you find it amazing
that when it's like a special event
in South Florida, the sky's the limit.
People have got all the money in the world.
Whether they're stealing, whether they're like selling crack
to get the money, I don't know what they're doing.
Did Miguel call them on us?
No worries.
Miguel, what kind of an appearance is this?
Again, again, what traffic?
It's a holiday.
The kids are in school.
Are the kids in school?
They're in school.
That's why I just said.
I dropped a little one there and he bit on it.
Oh, look at this.
Two more votes for 400 less than an hour.
This is a little more.
We're breaking new ground on this show today.
This is so shocking that even I can't believe it.
403, they're coming in in chunks.
Ready for that?
Because finally, those of us who aren't part of this far
right Bible thumping, finger pointing,
but you're bigoted in the end of the fall, assholes.
Finally, we got the big fish, the big fat fish.
Have you ever seen a fat fish?
Probably all that swimming keeps him
going to get a huge fat.
You know what, stop and think about that.
Southwest corner.
Actually, he went in the Southwest corner.
Exxon.
At the Exxon station, we couldn't find a triple X place.
We got a double X.
That's an X-Brest thing.
At the Exxon station on the southeast corner
of 166 out of the US corner.
What?
The what?
Southeast corner.
Didn't you just get your sand southwest?
I was just repeating what he said.
At the southeast corner of Exxon and US 1,
maybe you would turn around.
At the 163rd Street station.
So there's where he is.
Look for that QM van.
You can't miss it even if you want to do.
And come up with some cash for a band and pay rescue.
And get your Mohawar David a keychain,
even though he's a Schmutter.
And all the other in our best meal CD, et cetera.
403 votes in much less than an hour.
Gotta be accurate.
I think we better head for the shower.
Seriously, after seeing this kind of response,
it's phenomenal.
What's your take on a Rush Limbaugh drug edition story?
He's a big, big fat hypocrite, 169.
I always knew he was full of Schmidt, 129.
That's probably about 40, at least 50 pounds of what
he was carrying.
I hope he never comes back 49.
Hey, Rush, paper or plastic, 20.
Rush is God 14.
I feel very sorry for him 13, which is not usually
a very lucky number unless Dan Marina's
wearing it and or Matt Sunday.
By the way, Leafsuck.
And I'm still a ditto head nine.
And I guarantee that one of those is Robert Creeper.
Yeah, I know.
Probably voted four times.
That's why he laid out.
He stayed home today.
So we could the ditto awareness on his PC.
He's dittoin' on it.
Yeah, he finds.
Nice goin' Robert, you little quizzling,
you little closet case, you little professional yid,
you silly person you.
Newsweek's got a big front page cover story.
I'm gonna have to go out and be by my newsweek
today as a matter of fact, it's afternoon.
You gonna get it?
Yes.
Because I know that some of the people out there,
well, you know, they inquire or even though
they may be right this time, but the,
well, here's newsweek.
Heart bomb, I'm sure that a lot of those right wingers
were considered even newsweek to be a commie pinko publication.
Anything other than the national review
and whatever that new version of the spotlight is
that's anti-semitic right?
I'm addicted to prescription pain medication.
True confession is limbaugh build an army of admirers
with his hard right, Rance, but off the air,
he was a lonely man who may have broken a lot
of fetus edition, the real rush
by Evan Thomas in Newsweek.
I'm savin' that.
Oh man.
What?
I am, I'm vibrating.
I'm piling on today, man, because he deserves it.
If anybody in this country deserves being piled
onto what's that fat tub of crap,
lying hypocritical sack of garbage
and his initial response just like Arnold,
well, we're investigating it, but it can paint his own,
we're gonna campaign it.
Yeah, right, after he gets in there,
then he'll come out and say,
oh yeah, well guess what?
So I did these things, you know, too bad.
Yeah, so I'm a gropper and the ropper pulser
that I'm still in front because they love Arnold.
See, the thing that the bush people
and these right wingers don't understand
is the public is pissed off, okay?
I don't think that the majority of that crap
had a hell of a lot to do with Arnold.
The fact is that was anti-grade Davis.
They hit him like poison and see the Cruz-Bushtamani,
they didn't like her singing.
Was all because of that driver's license thing
that he signed.
That's what it was.
Well, now come to find out that even the Julio's out there
don't want all these illegals getting driver's license.
That's worse not.
They'd like to get to work sometime before midnight.
Things like that.
But here's the same crap, his initial response to this,
you'll recall back on whatever the days were
when this ex was they came out.
What was it like Wednesday and Thursday?
Well, in the show, Montevie, this was,
no, it was a week before
because it was right after the Doddermick McNabb,
the ESPN crap.
Right.
Or was it last week?
Was that one?
It was the one day.
No, no, the C time flies when you having a good time.
Was this last weekend at the thing
happened with ESPN pre-game show?
And then by midweek, that thing we had blown up
and he got canned on Wednesday pretending that he resigned
which he didn't get canned.
And then right on the heels of that,
here came the inquirer, but I'm being.
And he's, well, I intend to fully cooperate
with a law enforcement authority
not aware of any investigation at this time.
I'll report it.
I know what's going on.
Right.
He's gonna have to talk with a few people
to find out what's going on.
Probably talk to Wilma to see if the shipping came in yet.
Yeah, that's what, that's what he wants to talk to for.
Hey, Wilma, what do you got?
All right, I got to read.
I just love these quotes.
I love it, but we'll get to it.
T-Hell worked up.
Yeah, you bet.
He's a crap.
Levant, look at this.
Drugs, how addictive is it?
Well, you know, there's a lot of mythology surrounding
these drugs.
For a while, the thought was if you looked at these kinds
of drugs you'd get hooked.
That was a problem because a lot of people
didn't get these drugs who needed them.
More recently, the mythology has been,
you could use these drugs without any risk.
And these drugs do have an addictive potential.
They can be abused and they can be a-
It contains a drug similar to morphine.
Maybe it killed the pain of all that bullcrap he was spewing
every day.
11, 13 at 5, 60 WQM.
Hey, it's that time of the year again.
All the betting in the furniture stores start
come out with those phony sales.
I just want to tell you right now, if you're buying a mattress
from anybody beside dialometrics, you're getting ripped off.
You're a fool.
If you don't want to be running all over town,
comparison shopping.
If you don't want to waste all the time, gas and effort.
If you don't want to pay for somebody's big overhead,
they do the smart thing like I do.
And just about anybody with even a segment of a brain
does call dialometrics because they give you the best deal
all day, every day, 365 days a year.
For true discount prices on the top names in a business,
Ceeley, sir, to temper pete, Simmons, King Coil,
Sterns of Ananas Foster, call 1-800-Matras.
No BS, no phony sales, no house brands, no false promises.
And you don't pay a premium for the best service
going in the world.
And they still do that two-hour delivery window.
You pick the window and they jump right through it.
They'll be there just when they say you want to between noon
and two, one and three.
Whatever day, seven days a week, they'll be there.
And the hours you choose from eight in the morning
till 10 o'clock when it's convenient for you.
You'll be sleeping like a baby the first night,
like I've been for years on my dialometrics.
With low prices, same day delivery,
free setup, and removal, it's easy to see
why they're ranked number one in the world
in customer satisfaction.
So don't get yourself sucked in by those mattress
storms or furniture stirrans.
They're not in the same ballpark with dialometrics.
Call them today, tool free.
You'll be glad you did.
Call 1-800-Matras, 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S,
or check them out online at mattress.com.
My, my, and local.
This is 4-T-O-5-Sixi.
4-T-O-A-M.
Drudge Packers.
I know that guys get lots of joy
when every month they get to copy a playboy.
Yes.
My foot spins in my eyes and my vision
was gone for my girls to keep their clothes on.
All my girls should keep their clothes on.
They probably have a real hairy fat head
who looks like a fool to talk about, but discounted right.
You can call a pheragine or a junk.
All my girls should keep their clothes on.
All my girls should keep their clothes.
They all have been found.
When the work is done,
all guys don't feel more on.
All my girls should keep their clothes on.
Wasn't I paid at 5.60?
We hate Walmart.
We hate Rush Limbaugh.
We don't have too many people, right?
We just paid a few.
We select organizations and institutions
and people who stand for right wind crap.
453 votes.
Are you believein' that in about an hour?
How about that?
This is shocking, man.
454.
What's your take on a rush Limbaugh's drug addiction story?
He's a big fat hypocrite, 195.
I always knew he was full of Schmidt 146.
I hope he never comes back, 53.
Hey, Rush!
Paperoplastic, 21!
Rush's God, 17!
I feel very sorry for him still that unlucky 13 and I'm still a ditto head nine
Says of course Robert Creeper. Yeah, right. You can be damn sure he voted on this. Is there any doubt? No now bad news
You prepared for it sure
What happened in Georgia's yeah, I've taken a crap again perhaps is he sure?
Well, seriously is that my psychic
Premonition coming through again Georgia's take a look again a crap because he I'm sitting in here. I don't know
And then he's not sitting in there is what you're trying to say yes, okay and anyway a former Miss America and wife of Lieutenant
Governor Steve Henry would struck a bicyclist with a car killing the woman police said in
Louisville
Heather French Henry who was Miss America 2000 member her no
Newter why told police the sun was in arises. She was turning at an intersection last night and struck the 43 year old woman
It was crossing outside the crosswalk now when this is told police Henry had a green light at the time
Henry and her infant daughter were not injured the victim later died at University of Louisville hospital
She was not wearing a helmet a
Bicycleist who was not wearing a helmet. I guess then she deserved it. Isn't that it? That what they're trying to say sure
So there you go. She's dead and had her Heather French Henry is George back. Oh, yeah, I'm back. Thank you
Were you taking another crap a giant one again?
I think I think it's the rush to where I think is like affecting a lot a lot of our systems man
We're getting a lot of crap out of our systems that's been pent up in there for all too long right?
I had to rush to the bathroom and by the way a bulletin my father still dead
I just I just got the information right now. We just double check. He's still dead
Wow, they're one guy the the rush guy that's coming apart coming unglued. He's coming unglued. Oh, yeah
Rush limbaugh secret drug tapes here it is
I got here and factually shows the cassette tapes they could be just generic or these could be the ones
For example, here's a couple of quotes. I'm hoping something will pop today
Let me know when I win and I can have some cabbage money. Let me know when I have some cabbage
I do like corn beef and cabbage and I do like stuff cabbage a lot, you know, don't you? No, I don't like him
You know like cabbage that cook cabbage now make your fart your brains out of
Stinkiest ones to at least won't make your piece smell bad like a sparicus at any rate
Housekeeper says I wasn't the only ones applying drugs to rush. How do you like that? Wow as the beat goes on
Madam
Rush limbaugh had at least two drug sources beside his housekeeper the enquirer has learned
The talked show host pressured one man and handing over pills prescribed for his wife after she had a miscarriage and
scored pain killers from a stenographer with a broken leg is former housekeeper Wilma Cline to the enquirer exclusively
What is he?
He was shameless if he knew anyone who was suffering pain, he would try to persuade
them to share their pills.
It's nice to share.
Right.
As we revealed last week, Limbaugh 52 has been secretly battling an addiction to narcotics
and caught up in a drug-reinvigration in Palm Beach County, Florida.
Wilma 42 has started working for Limbaugh 1997, has told Investigative that she supplied
the radio giant with massive amounts of the addictive painkiller's hydrochloricode
acodone, lorset and a highly dangerous oxycontin.
But she said she realized earlier on that she wasn't his only supplier.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
No, he was taking a pause there.
He was popping.
She found empty vials of liquid hydrochloricodeone and pill packets that arrived at this $24 million
Palm Beach mansion by FedEx Delivery.
And you know how those FedEx people will feel about sending pills through the mail?
Oh no, no, no, no.
What is this?
Is this Dave the cop is sending this?
Please forget that we do size of the article about Rolling Stone Magazine.
Prince on large sheets, incredible article for Michael Moore's new book.
I'm getting a book, okay, Dave the cop.
I don't need you to like stop already.
I would have canceled the facts, but I was in the bathroom.
Oh no, so Dave the cop is wasting our facts paper.
Pages and pages of crap.
Stop it Dave the cop, okay?
George had to go plop and you won't stop.
Damn it.
I'm going out and getting at this week's matter fact.
I got about how many books have I got piled up there?
I gotta read you anyway going on here quit interrupting Dave the cop.
The mansion's houseman told her that he too have been talked into giving the conservative
icon some of his wife's painkillers after she had a miscarriage.
How do you like that?
He seemed disgusted with himself or having done it told me that after a while he fibbed
a rush that his wife's prescription was finished so we could back out of the arrangement
she said.
Once while cleaning the bathroom in Russia's office she overheard him on the phone in
the other room begging yet another person for a pill she says.
Will I thought Russia was drug free after he went through detox for the second time in
2002, but she learned differently this past December she told the inquirer.
I got a call from a member of the staff at Russia's mansion she explained.
He told me about a stenographer who accompanied Russia to a conference before they left
the woman had a broken leg.
She told Russia was on painkillers.
While you can guess the rest while they were at the conference Russia suddenly told
her he had a migraine so he gets some of her painkillers.
When she agreed he sent her back to the hotel to fetch them and maybe a pale of water
too.
Oh man.
Oh this is just a tip of the iceberg is a whole there's just tons of good stuff in
your go-tees and then we got the newsweek story about I got to do the break.
Hey Russia we got to do the break okay sweetheart we don't have like all day.
Fucking doldy would all you.
Kill poppin.
Problems in all of these things.
He is wound up being almost 500 votes it's not even up to 30 Georgia you ready for this.
We could top a thousand during the show today.
Probably the same three people it's a holiday.
493 votes what's your take on a Russia Lombard drug edition story he's a big fat hypocrite
218.
I always knew it was holosh mid 158 I hope he never comes back 54.
Hey rush paper or plastic you spastic 21.
Russia's God 17 I feel very sorry for him 15 and I'm still a ditto head is up to 10
Robert probably voted again or should think Robert Grieper.
Hey I got news for you they don't come no creepier than Robert Grieper make no mistake
about that what a piece of crap.
I think Joe Castell is right it's time to fire his ugly ass.
11 27 at 5 60 W to QM if you want to replace that tired old carpeting in your home here
is a good piece of news for you.
Laminants are us give you the easy low maintenance choice the alternative to expensive natural
wood flooring.
Laminants are us is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in
the world they got them all they got peridore per go Wilson art uniform quick step and all
of Laminants are us flooring is installed by people who really know their crap per go
certified in dollars.
Here's another really good reason why you ought to be calling Laminants are us and don't
even think about talking to anybody else because their prices are so low so unbeatable
and probably for you right now get their fall special for just 1495 what was that did
you say fall oh their fall special for just 1495 bucks that's all it caused to get up
to 295 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring is positively and the weight
almost too good to be true but it is and Laminants are us will match any legitimate written
offer as well if you like a free in a home estimate no obligation call Laminants are
us at that toll free number and tell them that crusty crabby old Neil who doesn't pop
drugs but anything else you can I'll tell you to call 1 8777773336 what could be
simpler to give you free carpet disposal free furniture moving at 25 year warranty and
years and years of beautiful easy to care for laminated wood flooring call Laminants
are us toll free today at 1 877773333
all the
years to
champion
all the
champion
all the
champion
all the
hours
on
bursting a 1 11 131 131
pulled
That's pretty embarrassing.
Well, you know, I'm going to do is the best we can.
That's all we can do.
That's exactly all we can do.
There's no sense in getting all rattled about it.
The people out there are cheap as hell.
They don't have any money.
Although, look at that.
The market's up again.
I do believe today.
Isn't it? Let me take a pubie at it.
Huh?
You said, I do believe.
It is up.
That was up 88.
Nasdaq's up 18.
That means everybody ought to be rich.
Everything's okay.
Green light.
No orange light.
No red light.
No green light.
It's spent like crazy.
523 freaking votes on a rush poll.
How do you like that?
Shocking.
Also, ABC, they got a pretty good website.
ABC News, which I didn't usually paint too much attention to.
They have a lengthy story and they're about his hearing loss.
And his personal physician was on Good Morning America this morning.
And she said, but it booted about it and like that.
It's kind of like what he said last week.
Well, I'm checking to see if there's an investigation.
There's none that I'm aware of going on right now.
If I can get out of this somehow.
Right.
If we can get off the hook without opening up my mouth.
And then Friday he's got the hoots but it come out of here and say,
well, I've always tried to be honest with you, except of course for the last couple of days.
And now I guess my goose is cooked.
So I'm going back in the rehab to try to win the sympathy vote.
It's like when Jimmy Swaggett is always these born again right wing assholes.
They all pull the same crap, man.
When they get caught when they're got them,
Pills down or their pantaloonies down.
It's always the same crap.
Oh, well, you know, now you have to pray for me and I'm going to repent
and then all this other crap.
I've saying to get you right.
Oh, good.
God, he missed my, they ought to put them all in there with Jim Baker, huh?
Put them back in the slamer.
Baker, act them with Pat Robertson.
By the way, the government, the State Department is pretty pissed off and fired up.
We had that story on our website over the weekend about Pat Robertson.
Oh, you weren't there on Friday.
No, what happened?
Yeah, he said that they ought to like, they ought to drop an atomic bomb on the State Department.
All right.
Yeah, way to go, Pat.
No, because they're not into this militant right wing imperialistic preemptive bull crap.
And so as a result, the blood endowed just blow them out.
You know, that's another good religionist for you.
He even makes the pope look good.
Well, not too good lately.
Rush Limbaugh's secret drug tapes in the National Inquirer.
Desperate to feed a growing drug addiction, Rush Limbaugh left a slew of messages
on his supplier's answering machine, seeking the powerful painkiller she craved.
I want to see if I can restock sometime today the Brash Radio Punditset in one message
to his former housekeeper Will McLean, who's admitted to supplying with the drugs.
Late last year, Marco Sanabahashi turned over the tape.
We know that.
The Inquirer has obtained copies of Will McLean's secret tapes and other blockbuster evidence,
which is part of a multi-agency task force of local state and federal agents investigation
into Rush's involvement in a pill-selling drug ring.
The shocking evidence forms a diet.
And of course, keep it by this is all written before he made the admissions on Friday.
In one tape message, Rush reveals his code name for money that he owed Willma cabbage.
The shocking evidence forms a diet of his addiction as he fed a habit so all-consuming
that he took enough pills to kill an elephant as Willma put it.
How do you like that to kill an elephant?
Leave a message if you have anything to report Rush told woman his blustering-gurritoan voice.
Let me know when and I can have some cabbage.
I can get to the grocery store or the bank that was his code for the bank,
the grocery store and get some.
In the four years from 1998 to 2002 that Willma said she supplied Rush with pills,
the radio show host, who were ever more anxious that drugs would be forthcoming.
I'm hoping something will pop today, he says expectantly, in one phone message.
Rush would set up meetings for drug liverys by phone willma disclos,
I can meet you at 325 at the old place on jog road or someplace at 615 pm or says in one tape message.
It's jog road.
Notice how most of the nasty stuff comes in, if not to date and brow or to Palm Beach at least.
That's where the Mohammed Ottah wasn't a bunch of them lunatics, so flow.
Palm Beach.
On jog road, jog on S Rush couldn't hurt.
As Willma told the inquiry on exclusive interview last week,
Rush would sometimes meet her in a parking lot of an amaco station.
It's jog road and the Okachobi Boulevard in West Palm Beach,
a 20-minute track from his Palm Beach mansion.
There she and Rush would exchange Cuban cigar boxes, Cuban cigar boxes,
embargo violating piece of crap, empties her marshes stock of illegal smokes.
His box contained his cash payment, hers had sandwich bags filled with painkillers.
All right.
Rush was so desperate for drugs at times that he would leave phone messages on a Wilma's machine,
just to remind her that he had emailed her request for pills.
Her ledger of Ruth's purchases, which runs from July 2001 to June 2002,
records deliveries of more than 30,000 hydrocodone,
lorset and oxy cotton pills, 30,000, how many?
About 30,000.
And the deliveries came non-stop no matter what the occasion.
Sookist Thanksgiving Columbus Birthday, you name it.
Tish above.
Canadian Thanksgiving.
Right.
Boxing day.
In the days before his 51st birthday on January 12, 2002,
Rush was snicking more about popping pills than blowing our candles on a cake.
I am leaving town next Wednesday and may need a restock on Tuesday of possible.
Rush emailed Wilma January 9.
Wilma told Rush that by his birthday morning she may come across a hundred of the little blues,
the powerful oxy cotton drug that it's called, hillbilly heroin.
I'll grab all of them for you and about how many big blues code for the painkiller hydrocodone,
period of departure and how many for today aside from the others, you'll be needing.
Rush emailed back a huge order.
Huge.
400 today, keeping 100 in reserve, another three to four hundred for departure if the small blues come through, he said.
Rush began to use his computer to place his drug orders.
See, at least I'll say it again.
At least Hank is only talking to his bookie.
Right.
The show is on.
That's why he's got his cell phone.
Rush was making calls in the middle of the breaks of doing drug deals.
Arranging to pick up drugs later in the middle of his goddamn show while he was sitting there.
Pontificating and pointing the finger with this one and the Clinton's murdered all these people.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
I'm not going to say that.
But he was going on
but he was gone on.
He was talking about rehorn and
tiger and everything.
He was making the parallel
That Picture.
You can't tame a wild animal
just like you can't rehabilitate a criminal.
Wow.
Oh boy, you know, he's living in fantasy land, you know?
Really something that he just went into rehab
for the third time.
You know what, it's just another example
of hypocritical right wing whack job.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Great job, thanks.
It's a beautiful thing, man.
Have a great day.
And Scott apologizes for bringing a schmuck.
Just because the guy from Naples doesn't mean he's inbred.
In fact, if you ever want to be talking about anybody
being inbred, Scott.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Anyway, getting back to where I was.
Russia's left ear implant device was activated early in January
2000.
Too many could clearly, he could hear clearly
for the first time in months before that he'd been reading
calling questions to his show on a teleprompter.
Remember those wonderful months?
Did he hear?
When he was getting all of that press and all that sympathy,
oh, gee, this is so terrible.
Poor Russia, we go understand it.
On January 17th, his brother David told a pression
spoken with Rush and proudly announced the radio host
could hear him fine on the phone.
Hey, Russia, can you hear me?
The drop is at 6 p.m. in a parking lot on Jaguaro.
Wilma was also concerned about her former employers here.
We had emailed him on January 22.
Can you hear me?
She asked and Rush took advantage of her message
of concern to stuck up on pills.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha,
I love it.
Is that great or what?
I love it.
Oh, look at that.
Is it?
See, I'm getting so carried away and I
can't get down on the additional line again once you're
on the like twice a year.
Hold on, that's okay.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha,
See, he just keeps coming back.
We have the just an unlimited supply of Rush.
Oh, by the way, $100.
Yeah.
Well, that's something.
That's something.
We're up to $100 out there.
Let's get going.
OK, we got to 1 o'clock today.
Let's make it worth Miguel's ride.
Let's at least pay for the gas.
So we have something for abandoned Pérezcu.
OK, left over at the end of the day.
Our best and ill merchandise.
Miguel is at the Exxon station on the southeast corner of 163rd
Street in US 1 in prestigious North
Dave with our best and ill CDs.
Our Mohawar David and Keychains, which are absolutely
they are what they are and our man dog Keychains, whatever else
he's got.
$100.
I wonder how was on my story before I interrupted myself.
Oh, yeah.
Rush took advantage of her message of concern
to stock up on pills.
Yep, I'll be able to hear you.
We replied, is there a reason for me to call you say after the show?
In other words, and Wilma told Rush only if you are in need.
Only for small blue babies said Rush requesting to supply
of oxy-content pills.
At times, Rush peppered Wilma with request for drugs and messages
just minutes apart if she didn't respond immediately, which
means I guess he was running mighty low when you get that message.
That's what I would think.
On November 8, 2001, Rush was frantic that Wilma hadn't gotten a message
about a drug delivery to his office in Palm Beach the next day.
A message that she shouldn't wait in the parking lot, but come right up to his
orifice.
Ready for that?
Bringing that package right in here.
Having trouble again, kidding, confirmation from you.
730 is great, but go ahead and come in.
No need to stay put.
We'll make it quick and easier this way, he wrote.
This is the third time I've tried to get this message to you after I was told.
You would be monitoring email.
Can you reply and confirm?
At other times, emails from Rush are heart-wrenching.
The messages of a lonely man in search of drugs and holidays like Columbus Day
and thanks, or Canadian Thanksgiving Day, when Wilma was away from home
celebrating with family members.
Are you around?
Rush asked in the message, he said, well, my New Year's Eve, 2001, he got no reply.
On New Year's Day, he again asked, are you around?
The next day he emailed, Wilma, you back yet?
You're back yet?
God damn it.
Bitch.
He was getting anxious.
He was getting anxious.
I said the email a minute later.
I am back in the reply.
What you got, as the Rush?
See, this is great, because they're getting these from the tapes.
What you got?
On May 27, 2002, was A-Flighting anniversary.
Rush wasn't just thinking about celebrating with his wife Martha.
He was worried that Wilma was getting fed up with having really outcansed by pills for
Rush for Rush from her supplier.
He was building up a debt that Wilma said rose to $80,000 before a lawyer representing
Rush paid her, adding 20 grand on top of his debt.
The same lawyer later paid Wilma another 100 grand.
As Rush was falling behind, in his payments, Wilma said he told her he had to be careful
about withdrawing thousands of dollars from his bank accounts.
In other words, it might raise like a few...
I browse and not look all that great.
Yeah.
Certainly, my latest deposit helped question Mark Rush told woman an email message on his
anniversary.
Wilma replied, it helped, but my connection does not front me anything.
It's no cash, no pills.
I've been using my nest egg fund to cover you.
To cover your fat ass.
Rush emailed back.
How much do you need to give me another 300 total?
It was a big order because at this time on his wedding anniversary, the radio legend
had desperately decided he was going to beat his habit.
It was scheduled for a 24 hour detox treatment in New York in mid-June just two weeks away
of 24 hour detox treatment.
For Rush however, then he should do as many painkillers as he could before the poison...
Would you let me finish this?
For Rush that many should do as many painkillers as he could before the poison was flushed out
of his system.
Just after noon on his anniversary, Rush emailed Wilma.
The middle of June is my stop time, so it is not much longer.
If you could keep these quantities coming, I would truly appreciate it.
The next day, May 28th, Rush asked woman to supply a big order.
Just two weeks to detox, I want you to get out...
I want to go out with a bang if you get my drift.
He he he.
He he he.
On May 31st, Wilma told Rush she had to supply of oxy cotton in two different sizes.
High I did a head count to get you through Tuesday 100 little blues and 50 80s 80 milligram
doses will work right.
Rush was ecstatic.
Oh yeah, you didn't mention the 50 80s in your previous note 100 little blues and 50
80s will be just great.
You are a doll.
Wilma lost contact with Rush after his detox treatment, but he still owe...
He still owe her money, so she kept emailing and calling to remind him of his debt.
During his detox Rush had other radio personalities sub for him on his show, like they're doing
right now, claiming a bad stomach would take him out of action.
That sounds like a lie again, doesn't it?
Yeah.
You mean to say that he's lying?
Err.
Whenever he was always making up these stories about the reason that he wasn't really there?
On July 2nd, several weeks before Rush's attorney paid off the drug debt, they usually
gabbied radio host responded with a brief and final email to Wilma.
I had a rough time and unfinished for good.
Many thanks for your concern.
It was the second time since Wilma knew him that Rush had gone through the 24 hour treatment
of his body of drugs.
She knew the first treatment it failed.
As I read that email she told the inquire, I couldn't help wondering had Rush really
beaten back his demons for good.
A source toasted investigation involving Rush told the inquire that Lombagh has said he's
going to cooperate with the probe.
He has hired top criminal lawyer Roy Black who successfully defended Kennedy, cousin
William Kennedy, Smith against rape charges.
Investigators are interested in hearing about his relationship with Wilma Klein.
What his side of the story is said the source.
They are especially interested in FedEx packages containing large amounts of drugs that Wilma
and Rush received in addition to the pill she supplied and want to find out where the
packages came from the source revealed.
They want to check out his package.
Investigators from the State Attorney's Office in West Palm Beach expect to file several
more cases shortly as a result of the drug ring probe.
This will result in several arrests.
As a result of the Lombagh connection to the drug probe revealed by the inquire, a number
of people have contacted the Office of Assistant State Attorney Jim Martz with the had more
information and needs investigation this probe is far from over.
It will be followed wherever it leads.
It says the inquire.
How do you like that?
A lot.
Rush's diary of addiction, the secret drug tapes, his other pill suppliers, drug abuse suspected
of causing it is deathness.
All of these things for all those ditto heads out there, those suckles, those idiots, those
lemons who just line up, hey, it's time to jump over the edge of the cliff with Rush.
Of course Rush would always say you first.
Seriously, these people are like the Jim Jones people.
The only difference is that instead of Cooley, he's eaten like probably a lot of pasta.
Although you know, again, you lost all of that weight because when you're popping 30,000
pills an hour, 100,000 pills a minute, you don't have time to eat and too much food.
Well, they're pretty filling when you're doing that many.
To fill in?
What's your take on a Rush Limbaud drug edition story?
We got 586 votes and it's not even Noonia, George.
This is Market Down, history in a making, a marketing game.
He's a big fan hypocrite, 265.
I always knew he was full of Schmidt 186.
I hope he never comes back, 61.
Hey Rush, paper or plastic, 27.
Rush is God, 20.
I feel very sorry for him, 16.
And I'm still at it ahead.
11.
Robert Creeper voted 9 times.
What are they doing all along?
We're going to be forced to 205 CC.
Shit.
There's a mohawada David to do it.
And the only thing funny and then rape of it is that pipe smokers tore the one hour.
Whop!
To the door.
Yeah, we're at a Code 2318.
We've got a jumper on the roof of the Mohammed Savings and Loan Building here.
And I'm trying to talk him down right now.
Oh, God.
And we're about to get out of my way.
I am going for jobs.
That's our coffee.
Give me that megaphone.
Sir, you don't have to do this.
Come on down, I'm on this thing.
Excuse me, Lieutenant.
We're going to try down the chopper's mother.
Hello?
I'm going to try to see you, man.
Here, look, take this megaphone.
OK.
And try talking some sense into this guy.
This is your mother.
Can you hear me?
Oh, yes, I can hear you.
He can hear you.
Da-da!
Oh, ma!
Uh, uh, man.
Did you just say, sir Dom?
Oh, yes, yes, sir Dom, yes.
Dom.
Dom.
Dom.
Dom.
Dom.
Dom.
Dom.
What you going to do?
What you going to do when they come?
I'm going to buy you.
It's a 12-year-old.
Look at that.
We got 600 plus votes on a pull at noon, George.
And 6.05, yes.
$200 at the site.
And we still got an hour to go.
See, we'll make a little bit.
We'll make our gas money.
Drug money.
We can get some call up Wilma.
OK, see how many oxy-cons she gets?
Why three of the five new?
200 bucks for a band-aid pet rescue.
We got another hour to go.
South East corner of 163rd, US 1.
The QM van is there in the Exxon station.
Miguel is there waiting to see you.
He'd like to shake your moody.
I'd like to shake something.
Anyway, getting to this newsweek thing,
which I don't want to read the whole thing,
is I don't want to pile on, do I?
Sure.
But there's some interesting things in here, for example,
about Wilma.
She gave emails and ledgers to the cops
showing that Limbaugh purchased more than 30,000
hydro code on how many?
About 30, man.
More said, and oxy-cons in Pills and Inquire reported,
law enforcement sources confirmed the basic facts
of the Inquire story to Newsweek.
Limbaugh protested that the stories contained inaccuracies
and distortions, but last Friday,
his vast-listening audience heard that resident
righteous, morally certain voice had met,
that he had become an addict and was entering rehab.
Limbaugh clung to the ideology of sufferlines to the last.
I'm not going to portray myself as a victim.
He said millions of pain sufferers
who use powerful medications could sympathize,
but the mockery was instantaneous.
Liberal mouth, Al Franken, author of First Limbaugh's
a Big Fat Idiot, hit the airwaves to relish Limbaugh's
greatest hits of hypocrisy, and it smears
at celebrity dopers like baseball player,
Dierro Strabber and rocker Kurt Cobain,
and virtually every newspaper dredged up this 1995
quote from Rush.
Too many whites are getting away with drug use.
The answer is to find the ones who are getting away
with it can victim and send them up the river.
The penalty for illegally buying large quantities
of prescription pain killers in Florida
can be five years in jail, and counter it
as some published reports, prosecutors do go after uses
as well as pushers, especially if they want
to make an example of a celebrity.
All right.
The fall of a moralist is all what goes on
about the Elmer Gantry and about Bill Bennett.
Yeah, that's pretty interesting.
It's on our website, by the way.
The Newsweek story, I'm addicted to prescription
pain medication, and there's Rush scratching his head.
Can you imagine all the,
they must have wondered what Ellie was doing during the show,
or maybe they were onto it, who knows?
Who knows?
All the people working with him.
An off-duty port authority cop was arranged yesterday
and charges of videotaping an 11-year-old queen's girl
taking a shower.
This from the New York Daily News.
Offers a rustled bass 42 of Hemsted, Long Island,
was tackled by relatives of the girl
user Jamaica Home Early Friday morning.
He was tackled, great.
Oh, it was a big football weekend.
The girl was showering just after 6.30 in the morning
when she noticed a hand holding a camera in the bathroom
window, which was partially open-set, Patrick Clark,
spokesman for Queens, DA Richard Brown.
The child alerted her household and a family member went
outside and confronted the defendant who was standing
in the backyard of the residence holding a bag, Brown said.
The defendant let on foot and dropped the bag
containing a video camera, and several video cassette tapes
which was recovered, Brown said.
The girl's family chased the suspect
down the street in Cautiman, and YPD spokesman said,
in the recovered camera, police said was a videotape
for the girl showering.
That's the port authority officer since April 88,
who is now assigned to Kennedy Airport was held
on $75,000 dollars per day.
The girl's family doesn't know him
and has no previous dealings with him.
He was suspended without pay after his arrest.
The suspect was touted as a hero in May of 97
when he spotted a nine-year-old boy with Down syndrome
getting off a bus at a long-term parking lot at the airport.
Kid was lost, I say.
He found him.
Oh, and he found little girl in the shower.
Fast was arraigned before acting Queen Supreme Court
justice very Kanye yesterday.
On charge of conducting illegal surveillance
of convictity could face up to seven years in prison.
This is the first case of its kind in Queens County,
which established as a felony for illegal surveillance Brown said.
The allegations are serious and disturbing
and will be vigorously prosecuted.
The alleged victim is a child whose privacy was
crudely invaded, whose innocence has been shaken.
Pervert cop in Long Island.
How do you like that?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T
in Verizon wireless line.
I wonder who's fillin' for right today?
Then I wonder if he didn't wait till the very end of that show.
We'll find out or maybe not, because now it is noon.
Huh?
Pop it on there in Toronto.
It's not on here.
We don't love that crap here.
Are you kidding me?
Plus do you think that I'm listening to radio here?
No.
Never turned on my radio once.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Yeah, I know.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just wanted to touch David on something.
It's really interesting how everybody wants, you know,
simply, there are people who want sympathy for rush,
but like you're saying, this guy, you know,
has no compassion for anybody that is addicted
or falls into hard times, and now we have to feel sorry for him.
But another thing I want to touch David on,
you may mention of the fact that makes
try to drum up a new stadium here for the Marlins.
Interesting, but, you know, I watched some of the games
this weekend, and I got to tell you,
there wasn't for the Chicago Cubs fans in the attendance.
I don't think they would have sold out.
I really believe about 25 to 30 percent of the fans
were from Chicago.
Yeah, but when you say they wouldn't have sold out,
we're talking 65,000 people.
Yeah, no, I mean, the sold out is like 38 or something like that.
We're talking 65,000 where they had to open up
these huge other sections of the ballpark.
But I can say, a good number of these fans
were from Chicago.
Let's face it.
I mean, they were making it as much noise as the mallet fans,
I think.
I think so on Friday and Saturday,
when I saw the game yesterday,
it looked like mostly Marlins fans.
I may be wrong, but there were an awful lot of those white
handkies that they were waving around.
Yeah, but, you know, they've given them
a lot of everybody and people, you know, they've been...
The bottom line is the answer is still the same
about the new stadium answer.
And, you know, what the proof-and-a-putting is,
if they could show up this many people
in the very same stadium for playoff games,
how come they can't show up during a regular season?
And how come during the stretch drive there
last two or three weeks,
when they had some of those embarrassing crowds
against the Phillies and the Braves?
I mean, you know, when they got to the weekend,
the last week and they packed a place pretty good.
But other than that, there was one game,
where they had like 11 or 12,000 people.
I mean, I don't even think the Phillies.
I know. Like, I don't even think the attendance
for the year was anywhere close to like two million,
I don't even think so.
I mean, how could that be?
Two million.
It was like a whole year.
It was up from last year, but it was not that much
over a million.
Yeah, sort of say, though, you know,
how do you even think about putting up a new stadium
for the betterment?
We've had enough, and have a great day, sir.
Thank you.
Here's the fact from Darrell, who says,
Darrell, do you mean Rush has to depend
on liberal attorney to get him out of this AK Roy Black?
What a bite.
It's going to be interesting when in the 12 steps,
he gets to do the step about making amends to the,
oh, is he going to be doing the goose step, the 12 goose step?
Yeah. See, in Rush's case, they're going to do
the 12 goose step program.
He gets to the step about making amends
to those these cars, Harmer offended when he makes amends
to Hillary and Bill.
I want to be there.
It says if he doesn't, he's still full of crap with himself.
The cover is asked and treatment will probably switch
over to methadone, a legal substitute hero
when he can stay as high as ever
and to have a lot cheaper than underground prescriptions.
How do you like that, says Darrell,
evidently knows his crap.
600 plus votes and it's new, man.
628 in the sunshine state and it's really great.
Don't be late.
Don't hesitate or palpitate or masturbate,
unless you're, well, there are probably a lot of people
just yanking it because of Rush now.
They're so excited, don't you think?
Oh, I know.
So who's on instead of him today?
We haven't found out yet.
No, come on.
All you rushes after this is important stuff now.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Let's get with it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
Who are the apologists going to be?
That's what I'd like to know.
Here's a call from Pompo, no, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir?
Yes.
Rush, you're speaking about Rush, correct?
It sure sounds like it for the last two hours.
Yeah, that's what's happening.
No, I didn't know if I was going or not.
But you didn't know if you didn't win me.
You didn't know if why?
Rush Limble is a person that, to me,
I think he's a propagandist just like Dr. Gervals
from the Nazi area.
Dr. Gervals, yeah.
Whatever it is.
Dave Gerval.
Anyhow, he works for the Republican party.
They pay him.
And he's the one that was saying, last year, how.
No.
Yeah, he said that last year.
He said, over we can't stop from.
He just keeps on saying it.
That guy was over the age of 15, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound five, so he didn't even know what that we were talking about.
I didn't know if he had the right show.
He doesn't know whether he's on the earth or Uranus.
Get with it, pal.
In fact, a few pills couldn't hurt your case.
Which ones?
After hearing that voice, I'm ready for a couple of pain killers right now.
What do you got, Wilma?
Well, now that Wilma's done with him, let's see what we can get, huh?
Sure.
I got her number.
Here's a call from four Lauderdale.
Hello.
How about them, Katie?
Error.
They suck.
Girls team.
Another, another one of those are hercun silly people, probably the Beast Boyfriend.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T.
And for Ryzen Wireless Line.
I think of all these sports organizations of all the fans.
We sort of crap in the Boston, with the Red Sox and the Yankees.
There was old Don Zimmer getting thrown to the ground.
But I don't think any group of fans are as obnoxious as Grotesque and universally despised
as the Hercun fans.
They're just the absolute worst.
Just as Joseph Gackie.
Joseph Gackie sucks, okay?
And I'm going to tell you, those promos that we play with Joseph Gackie's voice is uncontrolled,
streaking and screaming like somebody being butchered with a scalpel, with no Nova Cayme.
And it's unbelievable.
In fact, you need a good anesthetic or maybe you can just call Wilma.
I might do it.
The pain from those Gackie promos is brutal.
It's just a sickening.
Six, it's deafening.
635 votes on a poll.
What's your take on Rush Limbaugh's drug addiction story?
291 says a big fat hypocrite.
I always knew he was full of Schmidt 198.
I hope he never comes back 64.
Hey, Rush, paper or plastic 29.
I voted for that just because I like it because I invented it.
Cute.
I feel very sorry for him.
21.
Rush is God 20.
And I'm still a ditto head, a dozen, which means Robert Creeper just won't stop.
He keeps tapping it.
11 past noon we got the mad dog at two.
A fairly pristine sketch of them at Panther hockey game.
Any interest in those panthers?
No.
They were like 10 people around center and even those scots says, oh man, the place was packed.
You're so full of crap.
No matter where you go, you're giving me all these stories.
All the place was a jam packed.
You need a little more experience in the Yentra center.
Okay, there's like 19,250 seats.
Well, maybe that's a big crop for Jersey.
Hey, I got news for you man.
Jersey, which wins the Stanley Cup every day.
You could put number of fans they got in your pocket and your back pocket and have room left
over for your empty wallet.
They actually sold out a little bit last year.
Yeah, a little bit.
I mean, you talk about a phantom franchise.
Stanley Cup winners, New Jersey Devils, man.
Martin Broder and all the other frogs and they can't draw flies.
The only time they draw any flies when they played a ranger is in two thirds of the crowd
or ranger fans.
Well, it is in the middle of the hands.
It draws plenty of flies out there.
You know, you were doing so much better the first two hours when you dummyed up.
12 minutes past noon at 560 WDQM.
Hey, listen, if you're one of those people on the Atkins diet or the South Beach diet or
any other low carb sugar-free diet, which weren't as I was watching last night.
They said it's like, it's it.
Everybody in their brother and I was on a little carb, huh?
Everybody.
Everybody, even Dr. Bob would be, but he ain't here no more.
Well, we sure miss him bad.
Anyway, Delights away.
Book is a story you're going to fall in love with because unlike, yeah, what?
Oh, he took a bad fall.
Bad spill for Dr. Bob.
Don't take the briefcase to work, Dr. Otsuley.
Delights away.
Book has got over a thousand delicious goodies to keep you satisfied and keep you on
your straight and narrow with your low carb diet.
They've got bagels and breads, cheesecakes, muffins, brownies, chocolates, pasta,
sauces, chips and dips, soups, ketchup, the great carbolite ice cream.
They've got champion light drinks and five delicious flavors, walnut brownies
by control carb, southern delight chocolate chip cookies.
Carbolite candy coated chocolate covered peanuts and lots more too.
And everything in the store, they look to try it before you buy it at Delights.
They're open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
And don't forget all the Atkins products on sale all day, every day, even on the Columbus
birthday, even on Canadian Thanksgiving, ain't you lights?
On the Northeast corner of Glades in 441, right next to Boston Market.
Call them till free at 1-877 Low Carb that's L-O-W or on the web at lowcarb.com.
Don't forget it's a special store for all you fat folks out there.
Delights away, spoke at your official Atkins retail sale.
I'm a seven bell October, they will vote to the polls.
And if they understand English, they'll punch a cart full of holes.
But they're method of voting, some say it's bad.
They have more than enough candidates.
They don't need one name chat.
Welcome to the recon California.
All right.
Such a crazy race.
Such a crazy race.
And welcome to the recon California.
Welcome to the recon California.
So many on the slate.
So many on the slate.
No one can keep them straight.
No one can keep them straight.
When they're done with the recon California.
No matter who they choose and who they choose.
They're golden state balloons.
Welcome to the recon California.
See, some of these bits may seem a little bit outdated.
These California Arnold bits, but they're so good.
They're too good to pass up by.
No, man, space over.
1218 at 560 WQM.
I'm just shocked.
666, I can't even say it.
At 1220, 656 votes.
You ever see anything like this?
No.
I think even alien is going to get surpassed by.
Loved that I'm going to rush.
Just wait till it makes the other creep website so that they can get out.
We had to kind of even it out.
Get out of here, Rush.
Maybe it.
Pill popper.
Fony.
Now let me just give you a little.
Any of you people out there in the audience ever going to be babysitters.
Or maybe just have your own kids.
And some of you already do, of course, but that's another story.
If your baby starts crying and you just can't stop it from crying.
The best way to stop it is to pick it up and shake it violently.
Go ahead and vigorously until it stops crying.
Works.
Until it stops making any noise.
I hope mine under water.
Doesn't it usually work?
Every time.
Hollywood.
When Jennifer and Brett Schwartz noticed that their infant daughters seemed unsettled around their babysitter.
The couple became curious and installed a nanny cam just for their own peace of mind.
Always good to have a nanny cam.
They keep showing the video too.
The Hollywood Florida couple was suspected the baby was just going through.
Separation anxiety.
They were shocked at what they saw.
We were horrified Jennifer Schwartz said on ABC News' Good Morning America.
This is someone we trusted and welcomed into our home to take care of our daughter.
She said.
Kind like parents who trust their priest with their children.
Police said the Schwartz's video tape showed babysitter Claudia Murrow 29 shaking the child.
Murrow was arrested Thursday and charged with four counts of felony child abuse.
They noticed him very disturbing and repugnant views on the tape of the nanny shaking the child and basically snapping the child's head back and forth.
Kind like a rag dog.
Kind like the way that the ragged off the stage by the tiger.
It was very nauseating to watch.
Was it really?
I was going to have to see that.
At any rate, the charges stem from a wait a minute.
Here it is.
The charges stem from two clips taken September 24 and pulled from hundreds of hours of video in one clip.
Police said that Murrow was shaking the baby so that her head snapped back and forth.
Kind of like that.
She then laid the baby on her lap and kissed her forehead.
Well, she wanted to make nice.
You know.
God.
In another clip, police said that Murrow raised the baby of upper head and then slammed her to the floor.
Oh, no.
Police said that Murrow raised the baby of upper head and then slammed her to the floor perhaps three or four times.
Slamtered to the floor.
Are you ready for that?
The babysitter is back.
He's to the camera in the lower view of the baby is blocked by the wound spotted.
But you have a feeling.
She won't slam her to the floor.
No, no.
There were no visible injuries to the baby in the child underwent a battery of medical test,
which also failed to find any signs of injury.
But what's the problem?
He was just given her what foe.
Brett and Jennifer Schwartz called police after they viewed the tapes from the nanny came on Wednesday.
They said they were in shock because they thought they really knew Murrow before herring the babysitter.
They said they put a name through a series of background checks.
That always works, isn't it?
Apparently not.
Just as a backup, we hired an investigator to do a background check and both the background checks came back with nothing.
We felt that we had somebody we could trust that we didn't have anything in her past need to worry about.
But they both worked during the day and the woman was highly recommended by a local child care agency,
which in South Florida usually means look out.
Huh?
It usually means nothing.
In South Florida usually means...
Be afraid.
Be very afraid.
So there we go.
They were just trying to just try to discipline the baby while the parents were busy working and they got all band out of shape.
And now she's got real tourists to watch the tape.
It's unbelievable that the kids survived it all.
Much less with the baby.
Really? Yeah.
She seems to be no worse for the wearer.
Babies are rubbery and thank God.
Oh no.
All this stuff you keep faxing me here, I'm never going to get to the good stuff.
Much less of the good stuff.
Much less of these important calls like Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
Okay.
A couple things.
I just want to respond to the guy called about 15 minutes ago talking about how a mulland's going to sold out.
It's not going to come fans.
First of all, I mean that's the dumbest thing I've ever heard in a while and that's difficult in South Florida.
The Giant Series was 65,000 and it was all mulland fans.
Clearly they would have gotten the same people for the NLCF.
It is not the mulland fans fault that the brokers snapped up all the tickets and sold them in Chicago.
Secondly, it goes right along the line with the people who say only 17,000 showed up during the regular season.
These are all new fans.
Of course, what they felt at the point down is that there are 81 games during the regular season.
Obviously, it wasn't the same 17,000 for every game.
So there are plenty of people over the course of the year that went to the games and most of those wanted to go to playoff games.
Anyway, that's my round.
That's Polone.
That's Polone because there were plenty of games where there were like 8,910,000 people.
Forget about 17,000, including one of those fully games.
I'll never forget it.
I double checked to make sure the weather was good, which it was 11 or 12,000 people on a Tuesday and against the Phillies.
The last week of the regular season when everybody was on Pins and Eagles for the Wild Card.
No, they kind of a crowd is that.
They ended up averaging about 17,000 and they started off about 17,000 because the last couple of weeks they finally put some crowds in there.
They had like 30,000, 35,000 several times to boost that number up.
Right.
But I mean, also, during, I mean, with you not being here, you'll just have to take my word for it.
But during the Phillies series, there was one day that it was extremely overcast and very, very cloudy, even though it did not rain.
And anyone who was looking at the sky.
Well, let me ask you what about yesterday?
What do you want about yesterday?
What about the weather yesterday? Was it a clear sunny day yesterday?
It was. What was wrong with the crowd yesterday.
No, no, I'm not talking about what was wrong with the crowd. That's my point.
Wasn't it raining yesterday or was that snowflakes falling from the sky?
Well, I was in the club section. I didn't think it rained.
You might wrong Scott did it not raining during the game yesterday.
And then they come out and like check the field a couple of times.
Yeah, it rained in Boston. They actually called the gate.
I'm not talking about Boston. I'm talking about it in Miami.
I don't think it rained yesterday.
No, it didn't rain yesterday, Neil.
You did not? No.
Okay, well, that's a damn good thing because 65,000 people who are to show up in a rain
I'd be really pissed off and foaming at them out.
All right, Neil, take care.
And you too.
Now, the point is it's the same old thing.
You know, nobody's kidding me. It's the same crap that goes on in South Florida all the time.
If it's like a major event, and then of course everybody out of station always says,
and I quote the same thing, oh, it's a event driven town, which basically means it's a horseball from running Fony Town.
If any of the sports teams ever finally gets to a really meaningful game, a big playoff game
and a World Series or a championship game, then everybody comes up.
It's a free giveaway town.
The same people who come out who got a million excuses in addition to which if it's too expensive
and too much of a hassle during your regular season, how come when tickets go up to like gigantic,
I mean, you're talking crazy on the face value on the ticket on the World Series,
145 bucks a piece, what it says on the ticket, which if they make a comeback in X3,
4, 4, 2, 11, that's one, Tribal 8, 5, 3, 4, 4, 4, 2, 11, no forget all the meal deals,
subject to credit, approval, CR friends, and hell, it, 4 details.
Halopani at GMC, you'll agree with me, they really are professional grades.
My, my, and local, we're sports radio 560, she went UAM.
It's days, if I am a town, at 560, WQAM.
Anybody can get nail by the karma thing was you, who broke the karma off.
Yes.
You may be dead, but you are always dumb.
Yeah, that sucks, but the good news is 250 million bucks.
We'll buy a lot of few tips.
You hate people who are not like you.
Overdate, you're bad.
I got your locket, got the right here.
Attention, though, that candy karma was bound to get you sometimes.
Like all the millions, back to their channel, oh!
Okay, back Nazi, baby, next you lose your eyesight, I don't care.
I love your balls, follow.
You're not to the long, you're not.
Anyway, 16,083, that was the accurate number of the Marlins, the average home attendance for this past season.
16,083, not 17, which you know, maybe that's not picking, and it was up 60% from the previous year.
1.3 million is what they drew, alleged.
And isn't that another example of bogus because didn't we talk many times about how many of those tickets were given away just like at the Panther game?
Didn't we discuss that many, many times?
Right, all the freebies.
In fact, this is the same outfit that last year at the end of the season had that Phantom guide that bought a 20,000 tickets or whatever was.
Remember that last home game of the season?
And they claimed that some guy, oh, some unnamed mysterious benefactor decided by a point just so they would avoid the embarrassment of being a worse, so Montreal would get that honor.
Lawist and major league attendance.
Anyway, yeah, they had 29,000 for the last game.
I'm going to go on the internet and actually get the numbers as opposed just to listening to people who pull numbers out of the ranch.
5,670560, we got a lot of open lines on there now after being Russian intensive today.
5,670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Here's our only call. It's Miami Lakes. Hello.
Hey, Neil, it's been a long time I haven't talked to you. Got a great show. I've always, Neil, I went to the Phillies game where the Monies won 8 to 4.
Yeah. That was when they were about to win the law card.
There were 31,000 people there. But before that two years ago, these people got to understand I had season tickets.
There was an average of 5,000 people out there. You know what that is? 5,000 people. How can these people tell me?
Now they're talking about building another stadium. Right. Are they crazy? I'm not going to be paying for it. I'm not, my money's not going to come out of my pocket.
So please find another Schwarzscher to get up to, or whoever says the Jewish bastard like William Heiseng, I don't know if he's Jewish or not.
29 is Jewish? Is he Jewish? Only around the years. Only the Zits are Jewish.
Well, I'm just pissed off because these people are talking about making a stadium. I don't want a stadium.
We need another tomorrow. It's going to go to the World Series. We are not going to go to the winning division.
Why are these, these are the bad wagon town. This is a bad wagon town. Every time I see these people out there in the, in the divisional playoffs or whatever it is,
$80,789,000. That's what you say. When they're winning, they're out there. When they're not there.
They're not running 40s. Not only that, but all of a sudden they can afford the parking, they can afford the tickets. No prices too high. I think you might be a little bit.
Look at this. The last few games in the regular season. Game number 74. They had 4414. Then mysteriously that 18,000, which I still don't understand.
25, 28. And those weren't those two of the games against the Phillies. Yeah. Where we're expecting like 35, but they dropped out of 25, 28.
And then 31, 33, 30 and 27,000. So the last six games that are regular season and seven of the last eight really exaggerated and goose up that average of 16,000, 83.
Because if you look before those games, man, it's generally speaking pretty grim. Unless there was something special going on, 10,000, 2, 13, 11, 10, 12, 11.
There was 20,000, which was another one that was Bobbillhead the Saturdays. And that's the name of that two, man. I mean, yeah, what's up 60% from the previous year?
But let me say it again. If the stadium is just listen to the logic, OK. If that ballpark is sufficient for all of these playoff games where you're jamming in 65,000 people.
And of course, we know there's room for more if they open up the whole ballpark, 65,000, then what's not to like?
Oh, yeah, but you know, the owners don't have a good deal. The Wayne's got the consent. Yeah, they're well too bad.
They knew that were going in. Oh, Willie Shoemaker died. You didn't even mention it yet. No, it was 72. Willie Shoemaker.
Three, the four time Kentucky Derby winner died of natural causes yesterday at the age of 72.
Two makers stood a mere four foot 11, one more than 8,800 races during his 41 year career.
Honey, I got that. Well, he Shoemaker's dead 72. He was saying, you know, he went that bad wreck. He was a game for many, many years.
He died in the sleep. All encryption pain killers word of his action, word of his addiction that is surfaced as part of an investment.
Get with it. The illegal selling time prescription dogs will probably get his from the same. The following the story she's joining us now live.
But I'm in my house. The other season. What is the latest as far as we know?
The latest season on the actual application involving rush limba. He had been charged with any fear to jerk.
He hasn't. Well, and of course, the investigation is moving along very slowly, but investigators are not at all happy that all of this has come to light.
You remember that this woman. Her his former housekeeper first alleged in the story came out in the national inquire just a couple of weeks ago that she allegedly illegally sold him thousands and thousands of.
And then at that time, Rush Limbaugh went on his radio show and said, I really.
Nothing about anything, but I'll get back to you. I'll get back to you last Friday. He came clean, but only about his addiction.
You know that I have always tried to be honest with you. These 15 years and open about my life.
I need to tell you today that part of what you have heard and read in the past week is correct.
I am addicted to prescription pain medication immediately following this broadcast.
I will check myself into a treatment center for the next 30 days to once and for all break the cold that this highly addictive medication has on me.
Mr Limbaugh did not address any of the charges that his former housekeeper made against him.
He did not address any of the charges that he had against him.
I have the Iron Bodock Polesitting of Champions and the uncircumcised Memor of the Higher HIV.
Martha Stewart tells her name Barbara Walters that she is a scared. Be afraid.
Be afraid. Be very afraid.
20 to 1 at 5.60 WQM if I sound enthused and excited about it.
First of all, we don't feel all that sorry for drug addicts anyway.
I am addicted to sugar to refine sugar. I am not proud of it. I admit it. It is very harmful to my health.
It is a strong addiction. It is unbelievable. I am here to announce today for the 8 million time.
I am addicted to sugar to refine sugar. I am addicted to sugar.
I am addicted. I am addicted to Robert Palmer.
Robert Palmer.
Robert Palmer. You died. Nobody cared. You know what I said? Nobody cared.
No one cared. The VH1 has got a whole bunch of stuff in the candle.
19 to 1 at 5.
Look at this.
I am serving it.
I don't think you can take pleasure.
Pardon me.
What the hell is that guy?
What a big thank you.
I understand these thoughts are some of the worst.
I am addicted to radio talk show.
What a tub.
He is an addict.
He is an addict.
We do take great pleasure in it because when somebody is always the same thing, just like those religion,
always point in the finger and God is going to punish you when the sinner is in the Sodomites and then I will come to find out they are like climbing on everything that moves.
Even attacking fire hydrants and little animals.
God.
If you got a really crappy job like Scott, if you can raise 5 bucks if your life is dependent on it, here is the answer.
Pick up the phone and call our friends at Fast Train and get you a real career.
Not just a job, not just a chore but a real career in the computer industry.
Fast Train?
Come here.
I am a little choked up seen as fact finding.
Fast Train can have you certified before you are in.
The demand for computer thresholds is huge and gigantic.
So why not right now get you into the computer field and get out of your dead end job.
There is no excuse to stick around with a crappy job, no more.
Because Fast Train offers you job placement assistance, convenient dating and weekend schedules and with four locations in some form, there is going to be a fast train close by where you live.
Fast Train even offers financial assistance for people who qualify as well.
So call Fast Train today, be sure to tell me that old Todd Dreck told me to call to get a real boot out of that.
Check them on the web first at fast train.com and then call them 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
The Fly Life and Lowell.
This is 4305-16.
You way to A.M.
Holy Makinon!
This is Joe Bohr in the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God!
Just one marijuana cigarette can cause memory loss and paranoia.
Just one joint.
We'll drive you to madness.
It will make you pluck out your eyeballs just to see what's under the dressing.
The world as you know it will cease to exist.
You will end your alternate realities like being trampled to death by fadding, curious, Jamaican winning.
In fact, scientific studies have shown that marijuana causes folio and will make your balls dribble up into tiny little beebeams.
Smoking more a lot will make you die.
Really? You gotta believe this? We have to say things like that.
Oh, and um, sex is bad too.
This message made for by the partners against Florida and America.
Oh, I'm gonna tell you something.
You do anything you enjoy. You're gonna die.
1245-560 WQM.
830 votes on that pool.
320 at the site.
Yeah, 320 bucks in a quarter of an hour to go to one o'clock. That's pretty weak.
320 bucks.
Yeah.
Blows. Oh wow.
The yellow still there waiting for you. He's lonely in the QM van.
South East quarter of 163rd, US one of the Exxon gas station.
Look for the QM van. It's 320 bucks. It's not even worth a gas to go there.
You know, invest in the merchant line. No, seriously.
And you, you end the girl and whoever else was given me a few weeks ago.
Oh, just calm down. You always do this. We started earlier.
Yeah, we'll get to 100,000. No problem.
Let me ask you right now. It's October the 13.
You think we're gonna make 100,000 for a band-in-peer rescue this year?
No. No. No.
I think we're gonna make 75 maybe.
You honestly think we're gonna get to 75 maybe.
Scott.
I don't think so. No. Not this rate.
We got 31,245 plus 320. A little under 32 grand.
Nobody wants to help us out this year. It's the middle of October already.
I'll tell you the people inside the building there.
Okay, that's my comment.
I mean, I'm not gonna come on here every day and waste my time, you know,
I'm gonna be a little bit worse, beating a dead-peer-a-trek book.
We got some people making some serious bucks in there.
Not only Scott either.
He's making a few.
But nobody's interested this year.
Everybody's crying for them out.
But like I just said, when it came to the ball games there and just unbelievably gouging the public for the same seats
that during the regular season, not only couldn't they give them away,
but the cost almost nothing if you wanted to pay for it.
And now, well, it's the playoffs.
Maybe it's gonna be the world's series, Neil.
You don't understand. I don't understand.
If you walk, if I have a supermarket, okay?
And I have a pound of ground chuck.
Who's he?
And it's sitting in the showcase there of pound of ground chuck and it says it buck 99.
And you come in two weeks later and out of the same pound of ground chuck,
the same meat from the same animal.
And I was thinking of a buck 99.
Oh, that's $300.
Oh, no problem. I'll take two pounds.
See what I'm saying?
It doesn't make no sense to me.
But that's how Florida which never makes any sense to anybody because it's full of crap.
It's phony as an $82 bill.
And that guy, well meaning, you know, wants to give me a propaganda and they average $17.
Pretty soon by the end of the day, they'll be averaging $25,000 there when it comes time to get to stadium.
Oh, don't worry. We're averaging $35,000 a game.
We got a knockout. We got to build new seats in there just to make room for everybody wants to get in.
Right.
What's your take on a Rush Limbaugh drug addiction story?
Take a look at this 847 votes with an hour 12 and two.
We can make that $1,000 today.
Sure.
You're going to do it today.
Easy.
Holy moly.
You're take on a Rush.
He's a big fat hypocrite 407.
I always knew he was full of Schmidt, $259.
I hope he never comes back $78.
Hey Rush, paper or plastic?
You spastic $38.
Rush is God, $25.
I feel very sorry for him, $25.
And I'm still a dittohead, $19.
So the supporter votes are, let's see, it's 5.6, 7.7%.
Which means 92.3 are like negative.
Which figures with this audience?
Since we hate him like poison, I wish him all the worst.
Buffalo Kenny says, what's the game yesterday?
They had the planes flying with banners that said,
Go Marlins, 560.
We got balls, 560.
And Howard, for all mandates, no kneel on the banner.
Oh, no.
Look at this.
Howard, for all mandates, Goldberg, 560.
No kneel.
Uh-huh.
Were you aware of that?
No, nothing till I just facts that thing.
Although I figured out why.
I don't think it takes a rocket sign.
I think even a 5-year-old can probably tell you the reason
that we're not on the banner.
It's because the kneel Roger sure was nothing to do with the banner.
That's it.
That's it.
Because it's not.
Yeah, you idiot, thanks a lot again.
Once again.
And they'll say, oh, when you got most of the billboards, yeah.
That was great.
Now what now?
In other words, that's like a one-time deal.
Now they couldn't squeeze my name on it, freaking better.
Oh, God forbid the QM should admit to those sports holes
that the O'Rodges on is radio station with the highest numbers
and bringing all these millions of dollars for them.
So they can play their games like a bunch of overgrown children.
God forbid they should do that.
Well, that's really something.
And then they put, we got balls on there.
I sure hope Donnie Shalaley wasn't there yesterday.
She'd be really porked off.
We got balls.
I was going to say Bernie and Larry, maybe both of you know a little bit more about oxy cotton.
For example, one of these pain-killing drugs.
Yeah, they know where to get you some wealth.
Okay, you're looking to use a few.
How many do you need before the show's over?
About 30, man.
Just for a start.
Little blue babies, man.
So give me some of them little blue babes.
Iron buttock pulsating champs crack at day 165.
This is one of my favorite stories.
Right, Tom.
Because this show is as intensive.
Berlin.
Did you hear about this?
Not until today, from you.
After 165 days of sitting on top of a two and a half meter, that's eight foot pole.
The three remaining contestants in the 2003 World Pole Sitting Championships have cracked.
Cracked them.
And decided to give their strained buttocks a rest.
I wonder which one was sitting on the pole position.
The three men.
Oh, this is a real story.
The three men.
One is a 53 year old German truck driver.
And the other two of them are, guess what?
I guess what nationality?
I don't know.
Pole.
Oh, no.
It's a real story.
It's from the Reuters.
The three men.
Two poles in the 53 year old German truck driver.
And for green end, they're lofty vigil after lashings of pouring rain and subzero temperatures.
Bettered their enthusiasm and sent the residents plummeting to rock bottom.
They decided it was too cold.
Organized their class Mueller from the Heidi Park Soulthomne Museum in Park in West Germany.
Where the event is staged told Reuters on Friday.
The men had squatted on their pole.
They in nights in slate April set on the 15 by 23 inch board about the size of a newspaper page.
They could only come down on ladders for 10 minutes every two hours to visit the old magic room.
Electronic sensors on the board monitor the pressure of back sides and video cameras ranked constantly to prevent cheating.
They monitor the pressure of back sides.
Cracked them.
The men had hoped to last two or a days beating the World Record of 196 or over 43 hundred hours of sitting.
That's with no age.
But negotiations between the poles enabled them to that's with a small up.
Enable them to strike a tripart ideal to quit a movie or a set received international backing.
A Swiss newspaper praised that as a progressive piece of German Polish diplomacy said.
Viewers have relations a lot between contestants has not always been so civil in this year's championships.
And it goes on.
But about to ask while sitting out a freaking pole trying to break some stupid record.
I don't like that.
Correct them.
Probably clearance can relate.
He's a little sore about the old.
I sure hope we don't have clearance in the beast again tomorrow morning as a lead in God with that be better.
What oh, where's for out?
So you're going to be back tomorrow's eat like mending his wounds.
Right?
Is he mending his wound?
Well, Scott Jr. there could tell us, but he ain't going to he's a ain't speaking.
Mum is the word.
I'm not because you know when times gets tough, but you know, look at that 901.
Can you remember last time we had 900 during the show?
Nope.
Even during.
Alien?
It is amazing.
And that's because Rush brings out the most hostile feelings.
He gets everybody whipped up into a frenzy because anybody with IQ larger than their toenail knows that he's full of crap.
A big, big win of right wing bull crap who just makes it up as he goes along.
The more hateful, the more anti-human the better.
Speaking of anti-human.
Now that the diocese of Covington, Kentucky's agreed to pay $5.2 million and amount greater than all of its previous sexual abuse payouts combined,
to settle two Lexington area lawsuits, attorneys and officials look to the next case and it's sobering.
Hmm.
Attorney Stan Chesley believes that at least 40 priests, more than one out of every 10 of the diocese during that time, sexually abused children.
And that's coming in the face of the Pope over the weekend, come up with this cock-a-crap about,
oh well you know the media blew this out of proportion and it's just a small group of priests who will be smurched everybody else and the audio bull crap.
Cock-a-a.
Yeah, bull crap, Papa, Papa John, all we do like your pizza.
It's okay.
At least 40 more than one out of every 10 of the dioceses sexually abused children and believes they're up to 1000 victims.
And this is just in Kentucky and the diocese of Covington.
If Chesley's estimate is correct there is many as 1000 victims of the settlement of the same magnitude in the next case who costed diocese $190 million.
The diocese however says it's only received 158 allegations that it includes 15 received before 89, 112 during the 90s and 31s and only 158.
Chesley doubted 158 cases reported that the diocese represent the whole picture of views.
How many 12 or 13 year olds would have come forward with accusations against their priestess?
The diocese's decision to settle the elections in aerial lawsuits.
Set the bar he said, I believe these cases are not going to have real value, the same value they had in Boston.
How do you like that? Eat your heart out, Papa. That's not good for his health again, you know what?
La Papa.
Yeah.
He was on 60 minutes.
The Pope?
Yeah.
Doing what?
But his 25th anniversary bullcrap he has canonized more saints than all of the other popes put together.
Yeah.
Including elsewhere.
How about Saint elsewhere?
Yeah.
That one too?
That one too.
I'll be there.
Including kidnapping of popes and preachers.
Look at this story about group with cock fighting ties gets a tax break from the federal government.
Stop picking on the sticks about that cock fighting. It's y'all's thing.
No, not y'all. It's bunch of red necks.
That's what we have called me no redneck.
Oh, Bob Hilsercock beams with pride when he looks at his 30 game cock.
Keep just keep calling.
No, no, but there's a word missing there.
Least of barrels across.
But he looks at it is that singular or plural?
Least of barrels across the Green Line behind his modest white frame home.
This is Harrison Ohio.
I know the mom and dad of every bird I have on a place he said.
He also knows that his rooster is a breeding of elbow called Liberty hatch.
Tended to especially well in cock fighting puts although he no longer fights them himself.
He prefers let other cocks fight him.
Right. Animal rights groups say the bloody battles illegal and all but two states are the only reason game foul are raised.
They're urging the federal government to revoke the tax of him status of the Ohio based united game foul breeders association.
The group with about 15,000 members in 28 states is operated as a government sanction agricultural organization for 28 years.
You can't separate the breeding from the fighting said Wayne Parcel senior VP of the humane society of the west.
The purpose of raising these birds is to fight that there is no legitimate agricultural activity occurring.
And then obviously it goes on eventually somewhere in this story that they're getting some kind of a tax break which I can't do enough of this story to get to that point.
Evidently somewhere in there.
Right.
Don Perdue a past president of UGB and state legislator from preacher wife Virginia said he raises a strain of frost grade game foul because it was something he does.
And then he's found they did together while it was growing up that couldn't be from the Perdue chicken people couldn't.
No, not spelled the same way. I hope when that be bad.
Anyway, there you go. Well, look at even red nights have to have something new besides just doing their sister.
Right. Right.
In their spare time just besides painting up the old trailer part they fight with their dogs and they fight with their fouls.
1257 at 560 WQM. Hey listen if you want to lose some weight if you want them big fat like what's that cop in Georgia the one that we always see on it.
Rufus whatever his name is if you're like that and believe me you've had a lot of company including me.
Don't be lethargic or out of shape the rest of your life because it couldn't be pretty short.
That's really what it boils down to.
If you're diabetic or on a verge of it trust me when I tell you after 15 years of this crap it's no fun.
But with balance for life you can really lose the weight and be healthy at the same time not some kind of a fad not some kind of a gimmick where you'd like little teeny tiny portions in your starving yourself to that.
Unlike that balance for life delivers you a black sack every morning that's loaded with really good stuff you get to choose between two alternatives for each meal every day that you run a program in every snack and they deliver exactly what you want right here.
Three delicious fresh gourmet meals made with the best ingredients going they got chicken dishes and they got beef dishes and all kinds of omelets and frittatas and you name it they got a two delicious snacks all of that right in your black sack plenty of food to keep you happy and satisfied and healthy throughout the day.
You'll start seeing a way to melt off that scale and just a matter of days.
So if you try everything else of the sun in your fresh rated maybe even bigger than you were before let balance for life do it for you it's easy because they do all the counting and all the work there's no calorie counting on your partner.
No carb counting no shopping nothing to worry about they do it all for you all balance for life today nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine or visit them on the web at balance for life dot com.
My life and love this is for 205.
Holy cow it might be it could be it's the one to two hour with Neil Roberts the cup suck.
Can't get enough updates on Ben and J.Lo.
Are they married?
Are they broken up?
And you've got to watch.
Ben and J.Lo.
24 hour candid video of Ben and J.Lo.
Complete with GPS coordinates.
Are they temporarily broken up?
But going to married?
Is J.Lo available?
Ben sheath on J.Lo.
Watch the circumference of J.Lo's butts at C.Lo.
Ben and J.Lo.
Ben and J.Lo.
Ben and J.Lo eat for breakfast.
What does Ben still look like?
Unfucked this spot.
One all one at five sixty W.M.950 votes on it will make a thousand easy you know what maybe eleven hundred and four.
Okay the final curtain closes.
Well it's better than we thought it was going to be because after like twenty minutes we only had twenty bucks.
We got another four hundred and twenty which brings our total it's it's tough.
Like I said they got plenty of money for Marlon tickets which they couldn't give a flying crap about during the regular season.
But they got no money for charity for abandoned pet rescue and dogs and cats and for the best and Neil stuff.
We're talking about Miguel said we too.
They don't watch your crap this year.
That's what Miguel said.
They don't watch your stuff.
Screw you.
You just asked me this stuff about fructose and irritable bowel syndrome.
Yeah.
Any special reason this is from a globe and mainly.
No that's not good.
High and fructose may contribute to symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome.
A study released Monday says.
Ain't no fun I'll tell you that.
IBS commonly cause symptoms such as diarrhea, constipation, abdominal discomfort and bloating.
Researchers at the University of Iowa hospitals and clinics in Iowa City have been investigating the effects of a diet high in fructose.
The simple sugar found in honey and may types of fruit.
Ready for that fruit toast.
Yeah I thought that that was supposed to be good for.
Get the honey children.
I must cause you diabetic.
The researchers have found that maybe a significant portion of the population who are fructose intolerant.
In previous studies they found that a third to half people suffering from IBS symptoms are fructose intolerant.
The sugar found in honey and may types of fruit.
Do I eat much fruit?
No.
Do I ever eat honey?
Oh no.
Do we eat lot of honey children?
Well.
But I don't swallow.
I see.
Look for the Russian Dr. Phil Dietbook in 2004.
Is David.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
After being released from rehab and no longer taking his little pills, Russell and Bob will jump to 350 pounds.
And we'll seek support from Katie Quirk, Matt Lauer and Oprah and eventually hook up with Dr. Phil for diet tips that's here.
After getting diet tips from Dr. Phil, Rush goes to 4, 412 pounds.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Hi, go ahead David.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha ha.
All right.
Okay.
What's your take on a Russian Lombard drug addiction store?
Have we anybody called in?
Tell us who's filling in from today?
No.
Well, I've been out there stuck over there.
Good.
They deserve each other.
Or maybe nobody's listening out today.
No, he's not going to be there.
965 votes.
What's your take?
He's a big fat hypocrite, 468.
I always knew he was full of Schmidt 291.
I hope he never comes back, 93.
Hey, Rush, paper or plastic, 39.
Rush is God 26.
I feel very sorry for him 25.
And I'm still a ditto head 23.
See, I don't see why anybody would feel sorry for him.
Right.
Comments that he made about Jerry Garcia and about everybody.
Anybody that every, a Kurt Cobain, they deserve it.
They deserve it.
They deserve it because they were like rich white folks.
Right.
We're like, you know, doing all these terrible things.
They ought to go up the river even though Kurt had that chronic stomach pain all his life, you know.
That's not skews.
I know.
And like somebody pointed out during his debate here, a little while ago on CNN,
as I was eavesdropping a little bit with my audio cam, how come he was like playing golf
and traveling all over the country and making these speeches.
And the response from that, the schwarzo who was the fan and it was, oh, well, he was on pain pills.
Oh, really?
No Schmidt.
How many does he need this between now and 130?
53670560.
Here's a lady in Davy.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
I have a question regarding the broadcast of the Marlins game.
Yes.
Why is it that the guy Tom, I guess it is, cannot speak into the microphone so you can hear him above the crowd.
When Al Wider was talking, you can hear everything.
But the play by play was ridiculous.
You couldn't have heard him.
How, Bren?
You can't let you crank up a TV.
And then you crank up a TV and the crowd got louder and you can still conear him.
Well, don't blame him on it.
Blame Fox Sports for doing a screw up the audio.
I tried calling through.
Nobody could get through.
I'm going to tell you another thing.
I'm going to read.
I don't know about you, but Tom Brennan is a good answer.
He used to work with Harry Carey for years in Chicago.
And the fact of the matter is that I'm so sick and tired.
We got Al Wider up there who was a terrific pitcher.
But why do we need to keep seeing him and his fingers on the ball?
And you can see Tom Brennan is nervously looking out there in the field to make sure they don't want to miss the next pitch and like an important play.
And it's just ridiculous.
I don't know.
The whole broadcast was crazy because he had to crank a TV up so light.
He kept talking hell it was going on.
Well, just be happy with the outcome unless you're a cup fan, in which case we don't want to talk to you.
And I think the solution for a sports casting is because there's so many bad ones now.
Let's just have 30 x jocks in the booth.
What do you say?
How many?
About 30 men.
That should handle it.
And then that Barry Jackas writes this stupid idiotic crap last week about,
oh, well, they finally got the right formula three in the booth that you're right.
You're an idiot.
Very, very, you're a moron.
You're just a Greg Reed simple things what you're like.
Like something that Greg like after a bad meal of sushi like he dropped out of his butt.
And we're speaking of that uncircumcised men have higher HIV risk.
George, yes, I know.
See this battle between the clean and the unclean has been going on the show for many, many years.
You win.
But I'm just telling you, just one of the things is not, it's not.
Well, you can have a squeaky clean butt.
Don't cut.
Don't cut.
Don't, don't.
Please.
Consurcumcised men are eight times as likely to become infected with HIV than circumcised men.
Oi.
According to a study of nearly 2300 men in India.
Oh, well.
Oh, I know how they smell.
Yeah.
A researcher at Baltimore's Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine suggested that the inner surface of the foreskin
does not have the same protective layer as the outside and is potentially more vulnerable to HIV.
No question.
Male circumcision is common in North American elsewhere for religious and cultural reasons,
and it helps prevent urinary tract infections and penile cancer.
Only some time they cut way too much.
The procedure involves removal of the foreskin, which covers the tip of the penis,
and is typically done shortly after birth.
In the US, some two-thirds of male infants are circumcised annually, worldwide.
The rates vary widely depending on the culture and religion in many countries, including India.
Circumcision is uncommon.
It's important that we offer measures to help curb the spread of AIDS, especially in developing countries where it continues to grow at an alarming rate.
Dr. Stephen Reynolds, post-doctoral fellow in the Division of Infectious Diseases,
at Johns Hopkins and a study investigator said the statement released last Thursday.
The American Academy of Pediatrics has said it no longer recommends routine circumcision because,
despite some medical benefit, there can be complications, not cutting too much.
Johns Hopkins also just take a little off the top.
Science.
Johns Hopkins also stayed at the risk of other sexually transmitted diseases among circumcised and uncircumcised men.
Although the incidence of diseases like syphilis, gonorrhea, and genital herpes,
was slightly higher among uncircumcised men, the difference was not statistically significant.
A speaking of diseases?
Yes. Tom Sullivan is filling in for rush today.
Somebody called him, Toria?
A bunch of people, I guess.
We have a lot of listeners who don't listen to us.
No, it's just what does that mean? They probably turned over to answer my question.
That's all you're such a sour-pussed man.
You're starting to get as sour as your compatriot there as your colleague.
Only the difference is he's got good reason you don't.
What do you, what do you sour about?
He don't get paid.
Like a pay.
Yeah, get free hockey tickets.
Hey.
Get to come on here and make inane comments and inaccurate statements for all of our vast audience out there.
What the hell more could you want?
I take my job seriously.
Well, that's the problem.
Anyway, Reynolds said there are methods uncircumcised men may be able to use to protect themselves against the HIV, including condoms.
Or to put me too happy about that.
You know, that story, which again, they just kind of like glossed over it if I can say that.
That is one of the most infuriating, unbelievable, and of course the WHC is psychotic about that.
Oh, don't use condoms or you people in Africa because they have little tiny holes in the HIV virus will get through there.
And it doesn't protect you at all.
Don't be using them condoms.
You saw who started making lots and lots of babies.
So see, the Roman Catholic Church is a baby, it's a numbers game.
How many babies can we make you have in your lifetime?
About 30 men.
And they're working at it.
And that's why that whole cock-a-maby business about all well sex is only acceptable to the church if it's for appropriation.
And, you know, just keep making good Catholic babies.
What a bunch of crap that is, huh?
That's why I'll let him Hispanic and then they go into Irish.
That's why they go like 20 kids.
Right.
Because they're trying to please the church.
Well, if you can't please the church, please yourself.
Okay? Please.
In fact, nobody ever got pregnant when they were pleasing themselves.
Anyway, including condoms in the future, a potential topical microbicide product that might be applied to the force can be four sex.
You just rub it.
Well, I mean, it's topical.
You don't want to rub it too much because then you're probably not going to be able to complete whatever you work.
Yeah.
Just rub it a little bit.
Don't get carried away.
Look at this.
I'm looking so desperately if it isn't I can't find it.
Stay on topic.
Oh, no, there it is.
Just rub it?
Yeah, that's it.
Well, it wasn't really worth it.
I wonder what the requirement did last week.
I looked up high.
Oh, that's good.
We hear any more from suds?
Not lately.
So what is Rick Riley?
We need to do it.
I mean, I know it's way off.
It's off the surface.
Although during the vacation week, it is highly likely that we'll have another visit from suds.
Oh, that doesn't answer my question.
Well, I'll ask him that.
Well, maybe Rick is still waiting to fill in.
There you go.
Still waiting to stab you in the back so you can have reason to hate him like poison, which you really do.
Germans criticize leaders and admire the Arnold effect.
I want to get that to him before the day is done.
I got a lot of stuff here to call us.
You know, we'll take one.
I like that.
Take one here.
Take one there.
It's at same forces all the time anyway.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
Wait a minute.
What was that to name of those Egyptians?
Was more Hamid and Ata?
Was that their names?
Yeah.
One of them.
Oh, seriously, what that was their name?
Ox made in Muhammad.
That's a 997 votes on a poll.
This is gotta be one or two people.
Don't you think it's a holiday?
No.
No, you don't think they're like loading us up.
Oh, 999 as they say in Germany.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
999.
That is unbelievable.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Can it over?
Did you do it?
Did you refresh it?
I'm refreshing right now.
See, you know that they're just going crazy on this thing.
It's almost like you're getting creeped by the anti-rush people.
Oh, it's now it's so loaded up.
It won't refresh.
A lot of times.
Refreshing.
You got it, what did you say?
A thousand.
Now, but it's gonna be more neck.
Because I'm clicking on my, I'm way heavier.
And it's just really, really slow.
It's loading, really slow.
It's just there.
There goes.
There's the zero on the top of my page.
There's the time.
There's the temperature.
A thousand and three.
A thousand and three votes.
What's your take on a Rush Limbaugh drug edition story?
All them illegal pills.
He was popping, huh?
He's a big fat hypocrite, 46.
I always knew he was full of Schmidt, 300.
I hope he never comes back, 100.
Hey, Rush, paper or plastic.
Oh, there's the fight again, the bulge.
There was a fight at Fenway.
Yeah.
A 41.
Very good, Miles.
Rush's God, 26.
I'm still a dittohead 25.
And I feel very sorry for him, 25,
or which Robert Creeper probably voted about 20 times.
Robert, you're an idiot, man.
You're pathetic.
You're so sad.
If you had a brain, you might be dangerous.
Robert's the safest person in the building.
Him and Greg.
Yeah.
Well, no, that's right.
Greg's the most dangerous person in the building,
because he actually has some authority.
113 at 560 WQM, same IQ.
Hey, if you've got any kind of an IQ,
you'll buy a nice mattress this smart way.
If the old one is lumpy and bumpy and worn out,
guess what?
They don't have a second life.
It's not like, if you wait a few months,
it'll be good again.
It'll be firm, or you might forseither.
So pick up the phone and call data,
might forse because all day, every year, 365 days a year,
they give you the best deals of the world.
It's the easiest piece of shopping,
because all you have to do is make one simple call.
They've got the top names, no crap.
They've got Seely, sort of, tempered,
extremist, king, king, cool, stern, and foster, he would.
What you all do is pick up that thing, call 1-800 mattress.
That's it.
No nonsense.
No bait and swish.
No house brands.
No phony sales.
No false promises.
And best of all, a delivery deal, like you never heard of in your life.
You picked a day in time for delivery.
Any tour window that's convenient for you,
when your ass is going to be home,
from 8 in the morning till 10 o'clock, any day, seven days a week.
So like from 10 in the morning till noon, from 1115 to 115, etc.
And believe you me, they'll show up on time,
and you'll be sleeping with a big smile on your push right away.
I've been sleeping on more than from Dalai MacPerson,
so with George and Miguel, I'm not, if anybody else, with a brain,
Scott would do it too only, he can't afford it.
With low prices, same day delivery, free set up, and removal,
it's easy to see why it can't be Dalai MacPris with your stick.
Don't get fooled by our sucked in by those mattresses,
your own furniture, stir ads.
They can't even come close to the great deals you get every day
from Dalai MacPris.
Calm right now, they'll be there before you know it,
no time at all.
Call 1-800-MACPRIS-1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
It's the only smart way to get you a great new MacPris in the good night's sleep.
Or check them out online at mattress.com.
Y'all.
How many times have I told you, Robert, that's not the time to do it.
Five and a look all.
This is five sixty.
Three years old, you're a third MacPris.
You win!
I've recently heard from you, California girls.
Yeah, yeah.
Now vote for Arnold.
We've got your head in front of me, Daniel Mac.
I think now, uh, Robert, hey.
Robert, hey.
Robert, hey.
Golly, what's working?
What's working?
What's working?
Yeah.
All this time, I'm from California.
I could sing a beat for it, just grab his Arnold.
What for me?
I'm a f***ing Kennedy.
One nineteen at five sixty.
W.D.C. you have that poor Don Zimmer, man.
He just didn't know.
Oh, and there's John Henry again.
I thought we were irresponsible and probably just said in the heat of the moment.
And, uh, he declined to do so.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Yeah, you are.
Man, he is one of the Wimpyers.
Seriously, that would be a good pull.
Yeah.
Let's do that tomorrow.
Who's the Wimpyest of the Mall?
Okay.
Have you ever eaten at Wimpy's?
No, isn't that a British thing or is that the...
I'm not sure.
The Wimpyest of the Mall.
What we know is not a bottle.
That was nasty.
What?
That gramps.
Well, that's okay.
It's part of my Canadian Thanksgiving dinner for me yesterday.
It was really good.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
In fact, they had these little pumpkin tarts.
Not pumpkin pie, per se, but little tarts.
And they had this like custard sauce that you put on top of it.
Yeah.
It sounds yummy.
It really was.
Custard was just, in fact, I could just suck that custard out of the container.
I have something to fridge right now.
Yeah.
Be a while last a half hour.
I'll tell you that.
If I wasn't in 47 votes, are you ready for that?
What's your take on a Rush Limbaugh drug edition story?
He's a big, bad hypocrite, 508.
I always knew he was full of Schmidt 311.
I hope he never comes back.
108.
Hey, Rush, paper or plastic 42.
I feel very sorry for him 27.
Rush is God 26.
And I'm still a ditto of had 25.
And Tom Sullivan is going, what the hell is that?
Do we have any idea?
No.
Do we care at me?
No.
No.
56670560, pound 560 on the 18th team for Ryzen and wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, Rush.
Yeah, Rush speaking.
Yeah, I'm just kidding.
Listen, if Rush did a shipment of drugs through federal express over interstate lines,
that's a federal crime.
All right.
Which would be a mandatory minimum, I think, according to the Republicans.
Oh, right.
So maybe you'll get about 30 years.
That would be good.
About 30, man.
Yeah.
That, and I bet you that is attorney sent him away for 30 days so that he could figure out what was going on.
Yeah, exactly.
And that's right.
Get a good time to like a stall and, you know, in a hybrid aid and state out of way from the media.
That's right.
Right.
And the last point I want to make is he's not honest.
He was outed.
He was in the drug closet.
And they outed him.
He got caught.
That's why he's all the sudden confessor.
Absolutely correct, sir.
And have a great day.
All right.
The inquirer outed Rush.
Okay.
His heavy duty pill addiction.
Wilma says he was doing enough to kill an elephant is what he was doing like all over the goddamn place.
In fact, you know what we should have played just all day.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
I'm up.
That's enough.
That's enough for this hour.
For the segment.
I mean, the beginning of that story where it talks where would I do with that one?
Where he talks about the or the where Wilma talks about how he was getting other people away at painkillers.
And he was.
Embarrassing them.
He was coercing them.
He was pressuring them to turn him over to him.
He pressured one man into handing over pills prescribed for his wife after she'd had a miscarriage and scored painkillers from a stenographer with a broken leg.
He was shameless.
If he knew anyone who was suffering pain, he would try to persuade them to share their pills with him.
How do you like that?
How many you got there?
About 30, man.
I'll take him.
I'll take him all.
That thing about the banner that didn't have I mean you talk about going out of your way to leave us out.
Is that trust you answer wall or Neil Rogers doesn't need any promotion?
Yeah.
Big banner over the stadium there.
They got 65,000 people in there for a little promotion for all of us.
Go and it's a week.
Go Marlins five sixty.
We've got balls and Howard for well, mad dog Goldberg five sixty QM.
No, Neil.
No.
Well, okay.
The Greg Reed to a and a promotional department to his name again and Doreen.
I'm sure with not Miguel's decision and you know that.
That's for Doreen.
That's the sound she makes every time she drops her pills on the floor when she stands up.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T.
Any checks coming from inside the building every band of every man.
Oh man.
Here's for a lottery.
Hello.
Bill.
Yes, sir.
Jealous.
I'll Franken.
You lover.
Yeah, you are.
Okay.
You're a Jew lover.
Yeah.
I'll Franken.
Jew lover.
I say.
Here's our last call.
It's from Pompano.
Hello.
It's Blake.
The beans.
I'm Miami.
Hurricane.
It's quick.
Like I said, morons.
People would IQ smaller than their electronic.
That's the Hurricane crowd.
Five six seven oh five sixty.
But your overgrown children just like to beast a wild or around you know rich parents.
That's why they used to call it son-tan you.
But just for little rich kids walking around little brats.
There's no campus.
You can't find it.
There's no can.
There's no students today in this boarding events there.
It's just all the front running phonies in the community.
We're running.
Hey, word number one.
You all are crap trying to make themselves feel better about themselves because they look around and see where they live.
Germans criticize leaders that admire the Arnold effect.
The straight talking Hollywood action star election winning California has had an electrifying impact on Germany leading to calls Friday for top politicians to voice clear ideas in simple language or be swept away at the polls.
The more confused we are by what we why what they say the greater our longing for a man or woman with simple words wrote build newspaper comments.
Franz Joseph Wagner Wagner.
The only problem is that it's the wrong ones who usually master simple language.
Schwarzenegger's victim in the California race for governors led to editorial calling for German politicians to abandon their barely comparable speaking style in favor of clitext straight talk.
Clitext and code text.
But Wagner also warns and others also warn that injuries are falling for simple remedies from loud Austrians who enthrall the masses.
Oh, it's not familiar.
Austrian born a off Hitler still cast a long shadow in Germany.
Celebrities come to ordinary citizens even some politicians have joined the course of calls for less talk and more action to get Germany moving again after years of economic stagnation and political standstill.
All my first thought was oh my god.
Not another Austrian immigrant.
Oh my god.
The first one caused an off damage wrote Peter Bonish a former government spokesman at newspaper editor and analysis on Schwarzenegger with the tabloid build.
But Germany urgently needs something Schwarzenegger life.
It can do spirit unconventional thinking courage strength and vision.
We're facing the worst crisis since the war time for another good.
You don't you think?
Sure.
Good enough back to your about it.
So there's the deal for you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's John who wants to Marlon tickets. Hello.
Hey Neil.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Listen, I just wanted to call to thank you for the easy way that I won those tickets Friday on Friday.
Right.
I made it painless.
I saved the right to live bitter renovated painless.
Oh, I was I was in shock.
But I just wanted to tell you that my time ten year old son thought I was a hero.
The seats were much better than he described them.
I mean they were upstairs, but they were the third row.
Right.
The game was great.
Everything was great.
And I just wanted to thank you.
Okay, thanks for calling time. I appreciate glad I enjoyed it.
Okay.
I see I thought he was going to say, hey, I got the 800 bucks for those.
You know, something like that.
Well, no, but this was even better.
He took his ten year old kid and they had a great time and we're really nice.
And I should mention was there any fallout from that?
I don't think the Humper really gave a crap to me.
No, I am embarrassed.
I am embarrassed Miguel.
See, this is just like the banner.
It's the same thing.
Clarence had tickets for the Marlin game on Sunday to come to Marlin game.
And all the sports it was been off for us.
Right.
And so I said to Miguel, who of course is supposed to be someone involved in promotion.
Whose decision is that?
He said clearance.
Well, I said school clearance.
We're going to give away a pair.
So we still hang spare.
Because I don't think Hank would mind you.
If he wouldn't care less.
He just wants to cash.
I taught Hank in the mad dog really well.
I'm trying to teach for all.
But he's like, yeah, he's still.
What are you talking about?
He's getting paid for not being here today.
Right.
Nice going for all 27 after one at five sixty WM.
Of course, it balances out.
Because Scott Jr.
There's not getting paid for being there.
So you say, you know, you know, the old in and out.
He's getting the mostly in anyway.
Anyway, dry concepts would like to come into your home and make it offer you can't refuse.
Because they can save you right now.
15% of the next carpet cleaning.
And when I'm telling you they can make your carpet look just like brand new.
It's not an exaggeration.
They've been doing it in my house for over 20 years.
And even with dogs and pets and whatever else you've had crawling around like little kids.
Whatever it might be, your carpets take a beating or pounding.
If you think that it's hopeless, you're going to have to spend a crap load of cash to get new carpeting.
Forget about it.
Because dry concepts dry clean your carpets.
They're the only people in the world who do this.
And it makes them look and smell just like brand new, lemony fresh.
They're drying a couple of hours.
It's like a miracle on your flow.
And like I said, they offer you a chance to save some extra cash right now.
Call dry concepts tool free.
1-800-24-A. There goes Zimmer on the ground again.
1-800-24-85071.
And ask them to put you understand by list.
And then dry concepts will call you next time they've got an opening in their schedule.
It's the same ideas when you fly standby.
If you're available when they have an opening, they'll knock 15% off the price.
So call dry concepts two day.
Ask them to put you understand by list.
They might even have an opening for you on the very day that you call.
You'll get still 15% off the price of the job.
And don't forget they do give you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start doing the work.
No rip offs, no scams.
Just these do pennies unbelievably beautiful job every time.
Call them tool free 1-800-24-A.5071.
Or check them on the web at dryconcepts.com.
We're supporting O5C for UAM.
His Rehuts and Miami Fusion's head coach and I love the queen of South Florida.
Neil Rogers should be in Brooklyn in Palace but we'll keep him here.
Yes, it's true we are not friends.
And yet we're touring once again.
Because Paul's solo album's tank and there's nothing in our spiggy bank.
That's why they're willing both of us on stage.
Despite our aid.
Boy, to make the sounds of seniors.
We broke up in the 70s and now we're nearly 70.
Our old voice is no longer bland and we are both wearing defense.
And we won't have the slightest idea what we've played.
No hearing aids.
She catch the sounds of seniors.
Still lots of rupees come backstage.
But they all smell like them gays.
Most of them got in the show for free.
Thanks to the discounts from ARP.
And when we come back on stage to give you the encore.
We're gonna snore.
Because that's the sound of seniors.
The song we're gonna keep.
133 at 560 WQM.
This is a cute cartoon drawing in some of the dismay.
The young col san poster billboard.
Only its Arnold on the face pointing and he says,
I want you to let me sniff your vagina.
It's what Arnold is saying.
Be a friend.
Be very a friend.
And our guarantee is not saying it to Anne Colter or screw in or Dorine.
Woo man.
That really pisses me off the thing about the banner at the ballpark.
It's unconscionable.
See, unlike the good old days at IOD,
what was that IOD TV spot we had?
Which one?
I don't know.
We had the nice man thing on it.
And at the ball, the Estadium, both of the dolphins and the Marlins,
they were like playing everybody spots on there.
You know, we just one had his own TV spot.
Renewy and me and Rick and Spud and whoever else was there then.
And they all got equal rotation.
We were approaching and rotating.
But not a QAM man.
Because even though IOD in those days they had the dolphins,
they had the Huracun, they had all of those things for sports intensive station.
But they realized that they had other things besides just...
Not a QAM.
But it was a radio station if you remember.
I beg your pardon?
WIOD, it was a radio station.
What's that?
I'm so tired.
The most big diva Martha Stewart described her fears and an exclusive interview with ABC News' Barba Wawa.
And her only interview since being indicted for her sale of incone, incone stock
and before going to trial in January of next year, Stewart tells Walters,
who wouldn't be scared?
Of course I'm scared.
The last place I'd ever want to go is prison.
And I don't think I'll be going to prison though.
Room Hilder.
Oh man.
Room Hilder?
Can you just imagine what would be going on in that joint?
Speaking of what Arnold just said, I want to sniff.
Oh no.
Nasty.
56670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T.
They're almost out of material here.
Here's Mimey Shorahs.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes sir.
This is Mimey Shorahs, right?
That's what it sounds like to me.
What did they call it?
Thank you for putting this fat pig on the frying pan, Russian limbaugh.
Right.
And I wanted to state something that kind of clears everything up.
I think anytime you see a self-righteous asshole, anybody who's on a pedestal like that,
you're looking at a hypocrite.
It still says it's like a fault.
Right.
And I wish there was a way that we could just urge mainstream media like 60 minutes Mike Wallace
to get on this and do a complete thorough expose of all the sound bites you can get from his archives
that illustrate his hypocrisy concerning this drug addiction thing.
I'm sure Al Franken's working on it right now.
Well I'd like to see the most mainstream media get it out.
You know what I mean?
I appreciate what you're doing.
I just wanted to say that.
Okay, thanks.
Okay, good day.
It means you like the readers digest even.
And that'd be good.
Sure.
Good Sunday afternoon reading and the readers digest.
Put your slippers on your toe-season stick them up on the old thing.
I can't wait for the movie the week.
Movie of the movie of the minute.
I'd watch each one a whole bunch of times.
But third man.
Can't wait.
Now see, there are some people that you just love when they fall.
I mean there are other people who say, oh, you have like ambivalent feelings or maybe a little bit of sympathy.
I couldn't listen one ounce of sympathy for this big tub of crap.
He is one of the, I mean you talk about evil doers.
He's in fact, we're going to house the article about how when he went and visited the White House in 92.
President George Herbert Walker, Bush, Bush the one.
He carried his bags.
Huh?
Into the White House for, you know, photo, opera media.
Carried his bags in there.
Yeah.
To show all the right fingers how.
And again, of course, Bush got his ass kicked by Clinton.
Oh.
You know, it goes to Shoya.
But nevertheless, yeah, he did a photo while carrying his goddamn bags in so we could sleep in the goddamn Lincoln bedroom.
I wonder what he was popping up there.
Not only knows.
So the same assholes that were screaming about Bubba and a couple of blow jobs.
I noticed how silent they are now about their hero.
Their fallen hero who's popping like thousands and thousands of illegal pills.
They're taking away pills from little old ladies on street corner because he's so desperate.
Because Wilma's low on goods today.
I wonder how much cabbage here I want to puke out the last few years.
You know, on a cool slog with that cabbage.
Look at that phone, man.
There's one call left. It's West Palm Beach. Hello.
I had a deal on a spiral port.
Yeah.
Toast loves the four morning show.
Yeah.
He stepped on this morning.
Didn't show up.
Just didn't show up.
Just didn't show up.
Okay. Well, that's pretty exciting.
Do we care about that?
No.
He's toast.
Yeah, we're supposed to care about that.
And that's it.
No more calls on the board.
That's the end of that.
Now you can read.
Oh, I have a lot of good stuff here.
Kill Bill buddies up the box office.
Most violent movie here.
Oh, and I got the thing about the army suicides.
And poor condolese them.
Maybe I like to pick on condolese a little bit.
And a little more.
More than that.
A lot more than that.
Why not army suicide yet?
I don't get to it.
Just relax.
I got plenty of time.
It's not going to be.
I mean, now they're calling in to them.
Okay.
I don't like this.
We haven't done that a long time.
It's a holiday.
There are no excuse.
A lot of people out working day.
We're getting record breaking numbers on our pool.
Which I'll take the pool, you know.
Calls we don't have to worry about.
1098.
We're going to have 1100 votes faster.
And you can say, refresh it.
I got it.
I got 1101 on mine.
See before I can even finish saying it.
You're like a half a step ahead.
Except on payday.
1101.
What's your take on a restaurant by drug edition story?
He's a big fat, big fat.
Paper critical asshole.
528.
48%.
I always knew he was supposed to finish.
324.
That's nearly how many percent?
About 30, man.
29.4.
I hope he never comes back.
117.
Hey, rush.
Paper or plastic.
45.
I feel very sorry for him.
33.
I'm still a ditto head.
28.
And rush is God.
26.
Don't you feel sorry for all of us?
All of the positive categories, let's see.
246 or 8.
Who do we appreciate?
7.
7%.
Which means 92.3% in the negatory.
I am normal.
This is 420 or 560.
You weigh him.
Who's going to get bricky a blow?
I don't know.
Have you ever been involved in a construction accident?
Yes.
Led poisoning.
Yes.
Slip, triple fall.
Yes.
The scapular ladder happened to bronch you in the head.
Yes. Yes.
Have you inhaled the speshtops?
Yes.
You have a birth injury.
Yes.
Have a slam your finger in a car door.
Yes.
Ever blow your nose so hard it bled.
Yes.
Drop a toaster in your bathtub.
Yes.
Ever get shot in the head with a palliacum.
Yes.
Well, we can help.
We're swizzled goldstein, Caputo and Wiznalski.
And we'll get you your money.
Even if you really don't deserve it.
Big companies have lots of cash.
Why shouldn't you get some?
Attorney Sheldon Goldstein.
We believe the best way to get your money is by lying.
Hey, no one ever got ahead in this world by telling the truth.
A zachnist vei.
Although this may sound a little shady,
or a broth, not the worry.
We got more judges in our pockets than you got lent.
You know, in your pocket.
Have you ever been punched while lactating?
Yes.
Ever swallow your own teeth?
Yes.
Has your love stick ever blown up the three times' normal size
after a night of passion with a street hoochie?
Yes.
Well, we can help.
We're swizzled goldstein, Caputo and Wiznalski.
We'll get you your money.
Even if you really don't deserve it.
Say I'll let us burn you.
Oh, uh-oh.
Just don't talk fast.
Although swizzle Goldstein, Caputo and Wiznalski
pays 47 separate charges of fraud.
Their doors remain open.
Come in.
Say a stock.
We'll eat.
You don't pay a cent less.
We get...
They pay.
They pay.
You won't pay a cent less.
We get you your money.
That's true.
They only get about 10 percent though.
16 till 2 at 5, 60, double to QM.
There's Don Zimmer again.
He just fell down again.
Damn it.
He's a feeling really bad when he's embarrassed.
And he's crying.
He's like, I'll bet out of shape.
Uh-uh.
Davis signs California domestic partner law
on the way out.
California has become the first state to require businesses
with large state contracts who offer domestic partners
the same benefits that spouses enjoy.
Although the law won't take effect until 2007.
Outgoing government, a great gay Davis signed the bill
in acting the measure, which had been a key goal of gay rights groups.
Jeff Kour is executive director of equality, California,
called the move incredibly significant.
There are a lot of businesses that want state contracts
in order to be eligible companies will now have to give
equal benefits.
Kour's said, that's KORS, as opposed to COORS.
Okay.
In 1996 San Francisco became the first jurisdiction in the country
throughout such a requirement, prompting numerous companies
to offer benefits to domestic partners.
Kour said, other cities have followed suit since
in California's the first state to approve such a law.
Signed in law by Governor Gay Davis who's on the way out.
Well, I was considerum.
Rice fails to repair rift officials said,
boy, you just can't, are we allowed to say anything negative?
It's about time to leave this.
Is that now in the Constitution?
Is it in there we can't criticize that bitch?
I hit her teeth.
The White House announced a national security adviser
Condoleez, a rise of a given new responsibility
of managing the struggling effort to rebuild a rack.
In the words of one official, rice would crack the whip, frankly.
The announcement was meant by puzzlement throughout the foreign policy community.
Isn't that what the national security adviser is supposed to do in the first place they were wondering?
This is a very long story.
I'm just going to read a little piece.
It's on our website.
Rice has proven to be a poised and articulated defender of President Bush's policies,
but her management of the national security council,
the principal coordinator and enforcer of presidential decision making,
is come under fire from former and current administration officials
and arrange a foreign policy experts.
From the start, the administration has been driven by ideological disputes
in foreign policy, but both neo-conservative hawks and mainstream Republican foreign policy,
really say many of the administration's foreign policy had XR directly related to the interagency process
that rice overseas.
A senior state department official voicing an opinion that the UN government disputed said,
if you want a one-word description of the NSC since January 21, 2001,
the word would be dysfunctional.
Rice declined to be interviewed for the article, but Stephen A. Began, former NSC executive secretary of the left in January,
did become national security adviser to Senator Majority Leader Bill 1st of Tennessee,
dismissed many of the complaints as blame shifting.
He said the state department and defense department don't need Kandy Rice to solve their problems.
They're at the table to solve those problems.
Henry Kissinger, former national security adviser and secretary of state said,
in my experience, the losing side and argument in the governmental process
tends to blame the security adviser.
The fact that all of them are complaining simultaneously is not a bad sign,
he said, whatever it is that it's supposed to mean.
He also said,
You understand the stupe of the strife of everyone.
That's what Henry Kissinger is saying.
A lot of Germans and Austrians in the mix, you know what?
Yeah, notice that.
In the mix.
How is the pool of mixing?
Oh, I guarantee it's a heavy duty.
1136 votes.
Can you believe that?
I have to.
That's right there.
Well, a Leon is, I don't know, do we ever do 2,000?
Of course, this is just during the show.
This is definitely a record number of votes.
And probably, like I said, a bunch of people with nothing else to do.
1136, what's your take?
Well, I'll read the result later on.
Just it wears me out.
When it doubt, it wears me out.
Look at that phone.
Is that incredible response?
And I think that Hollywood line 6 is going to be what we've been waiting for.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Yeah, like I said, we've been waiting for another asshole.
I was right on it.
Here's our last call.
This one's from Miami.
Hello.
I wish Russ was on, don't you?
Yeah, sure do.
Huh?
Wish Russ was on.
That's a good response.
That's brilliant.
I wish Russ was on.
I guess what for the next month and probably a lot of that.
Yeah, I'll be.
Well, we'll have to hear.
That's what need for hearing that voice by just playing.
You know, you know, something probably from the moon to two.
We could get a hell of a tool in the audience.
Yeah, I'll put it on your head.
We got you.
I know.
Here you go.
Here's your dinner.
Here you go.
Everybody go step right now.
He's doing it.
I sure wish Russ was on.
I know what you're doing.
Yeah.
56670560, pound 560 Army probe soldier suicides.
Oh, I'm sure you've been celebrating for.
In USA today, alarm by the number of suicides among soldiers in Iraq, the Army has asked the
team of doctors to determine whether the stress of combat and long deployment is contributing
to the deaths.
The number of suicides has caused the Army to be concerned, Lieutenant Colonel, Elspeth
Cameron Richie.
No relation to Lionel Richie or Jim Richie or Fat Richie.
A psychiatrist at the Army's uniform services university of the health sciences in Bethesda,
Maryland, Richie is helping to investigate the sui sides in Iraq.
Is there something different going on in Iraq?
We really need to pay attention to we said.
In the past seven months, at least 11 soldiers and three Marines have committed suicide
in Iraq military officials say that's an annual rate of 17 per 100,000.
The Navy is also investigating one possible suicide and about a dozen other Army deaths
are under investigation and could include suicides.
About a dozen.
The number suggests the rate in Iraq is above normal last year the military services
reported eight to nine suicides per 100,000.
The Army rate is usually higher than 10 to 13.
Now wait till you do this.
That mirrors the rate for the same age group in the general population, 10 to 13 per 100,000.
Doesn't sound like a little drash to you?
A little bit.
In a year.
Okay.
10 to 13.
So let's say it takes like Rochester, New York 300,000 people.
That would mean like 30?
How many?
About 30 men.
For 39 in a year.
Suicide.
I guess it sounds right.
And listen, since we're talking about people that really ought to put a bullet in their
brain, I bet you those checks have come pouring in for abandoned pay rescuers since
I put out my plea again, have a name.
Sales department, my colleagues on here.
I bet you the money is just pouring in there.
Live in local.
Here's sports radio 560, see you at 2AM.
Suicide.
I f***ed them.
Oh!
I can't believe the language I hear home, TV.
Every home of the word is an obscenity.
In Houston, Peter Cable was a horror worst.
But now the networks let their actors curse.
There's no wedding sites that this obscenity, all the dialogue contains profanity.
The wayering like a sailor on a pre-day pass, words a whole lot worse than ass.
If bomb, if bomb, how will it be before they drop the F1 on their word TV?
If bomb, if bomb, there's no telling where they'll drop one on the U.T.L.
Oh no, look at this in Taluila, Louisiana.
Did you see this?
No.
What?
Church?
Tractor collision.
Oh yeah, church was reportedly on the bus, reportedly on a way to church.
Yes, I saw that.
He sure works a mysterious way, didn't he?
The Lord?
Yeah.
Oh god.
Faith fades where once burned strong.
This is a really good article in the New York Times today by Frank Brunai.
I don't think I have time to read a whole thing, do I?
Well, we'll just then move over to a mad dog show.
Why not?
No.
Like many Italians and decades in childhoods past,
Gian Paolo Servadio used to go to Roman Catholic Mass every week,
even served as an altar boy.
The last Sunday morning, his church bells told around Rome,
the city of Storied Cathedral.
He followed a different ritual.
He went running.
It struck him as a more relevant use of time.
The church seems really out of steps, said Mr. Servadio 39,
mentioning issues like birth control and questioning the very utility of prayer.
I don't see something like confession and a few repetitions of the Hail Mary
are going to solve any problems.
Hey, now he's getting it.
Mm-hmm.
He wondered if he should even call himself Catholic.
When you realize that for 20 years you don't do this, you don't even know to church.
What kind of Catholic are you?
I would say a smart one.
A fairly typical one, at least in Italy and much of Europe,
where the ties to Christianity no longer seemed to bind the way they once did,
and often seemed not to bind at all.
This week Pope John Paul II has celebrated his 25th anniversary as head of the Roman Catholic Church,
which is both Europe's and Christianity's largest denomination.
It's been a quarter of a century of enormous changes,
and he had been more significant for his church and mainstream Protestant denominations
than the weathering of the Christian faith in Europe,
and the shift in its center of gravity to the southern hemisphere.
You know what they were trying to say?
Oh, Christianity is boomed in the developing world,
competing successfully with Islam,
depending its influence and possibly finding its future there.
But Europe already seems more and more like a series of tourist trod monuments to Christianity's past.
Ha!
Partly a month goes by when the Pope doesn't publicly be moaned the fact that,
the teaching Europeans reach out and we discover the faith.
The restrainment has deep implications,
including the prospect of schisms, intercut tunnel churches,
and political frictions within and between countries.
The secularization of Europe, according to some political aim list,
is one of the forces pushing it apart from the US,
where religion plays a potent and ugly role in politics and society,
shaping many American views of the world.
Americans are widely regarded as more comfortable with notions of good and evil,
right and wrong, and Europeans who often cease to use as reckless,
and of course we know that they are.
Absolutely correct.
In France, which is not only Catholic but emphatically secular,
about one in twenty people attends a religious service every week,
compared with about one in three in the US.
How do you like that, eh?
One in three in the USA.
What's interesting isn't that there are fewer people in church
than the Reverend Jean-François Bourdier of little Lillian northern France,
but that there are any at all.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
While France is an extreme case,
it's drift from Christian institutions and the spirity with the US hold true
throughout much of Europe, where faithful attendance
at Christian services, whether Catholic, Protestant, or Orthodox,
is the province of a small minority of people.
They show up to more crucial milestones in their law,
in their and their loved ones' lives,
but they pay minimal heed between those visits
to their church's exhortations and admonitions and abominations and the bubblemicees.
The tension between contemporary attitude and traditional church teaching is forced,
and emergency meeting this week of the leaders of the worldwide Anglican Communion,
they respected the debate to acceptability,
hoping that they gave bishops in their church, yadda yadda, yadda.
It goes on. I was almost done with it.
That's okay, it was good enough.
Because we sure want to give you one last look at these numbers on this amazing poll today.
Eat your heart out, alien, and even you have polloza.
I wonder if the aboloza is going to be checking Russia's penis while it's in rehab.
They're going to bite his tongue.
1166 votes. What's your take on the Rush Limbog-Ruggediction story?
He's a big fat hypocrite.
558. 47.5 audience say Rush, you're a big fat hypocrite.
Not as fat as used to be, but we know why.
You hear me, Rush?
Maybe I'll talk louder.
Right.
I always knew it was full of Schmidt.
349. I hope he never comes back.
123. Hey, Rush, paper or plastic?
45. I feel very sorry for him.
38. I'm still a dittohead.
28. And Rush is God.
I mean, God is, you know, we got that what if God spoke cannabis?
Maybe God is hooked on oxycon.
What do you say?
Oh, hey.
Rush is God 27.
We got the real radio. God, we got the mad dog coming up next.
He's going to be basking in the glory of his team's victory over girls.
Team again yesterday and the Marlins and all of these things.
The first time you pulled the covers back and you saw a boulder.
I'm sorry.
Oh, hey, you're not on the verge of death.
It's not a big deal.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
