I make them off again with you.
He's an asshole
They're nostrils
He's an asshole
He's party party party
Boop and burst and said it up in the sleep
We timed and so the music had the drum on the beat
Everyone around me here is wearing a brand
The thing is that it's real funny when someone's freaking with
Oh
I just
I
was bringing here's my eyes
Holding grab just some party
Party party
Party party party
I don't do it five sixty w.w. Kim Boy. It's a pressure pack Wednesday
I'll take it that I'm speaking of the pressure we were just hearing about I didn't realize we had so many heavy duty things going on
You know what but we did
But Clarence was in whose plan programmed I mean who's our program director
Now that month is a way of vacation this week
In fact, you hear what he said about duck he's an asshole I couldn't believe the things clearance was blurtin out this morning
I guess he's a pent up you know because he can't get late
So we've got all this pen of frustration so we want to play butch boss now
I'll take it one thing all these rumors about Ferrell on the radio
He will be on at seven o'clock tonight by the way if he never heard Scott Ferrell he talks like this
And I will say this much I give him credit for being able to talk like that more than five seconds
I can't do that but that supposedly his natural voice
I heard now people that have scranty voices like Lauren McCall right as a woman with a scranty voice
Generally they say people develop real scranty voices over the years from too much smoking and too much
Boosing is the I just mentioned it. I'm not assuming you think I'm huh? Yes, that's what they say
No, people always say yeah, but anyway
Yes, got for all to the Atlanta hockey games there for one season and they kind of like booted a mod of town on a rail
But he'll be on seven o'clock tonight and the rumor that we're seeing and hearing it's just amazing because Clarence almost verified it for us this morning
He came within a little curly hair of
Verifying the very Jackass rumor and of course any time does a very Jackass rumor?
You know it was planted in the column because very is so tight with our good buddy. Yeah
So you know that's where it because that's who we quote in the our little blurb there
By the way, thanks very much
We already got the blurb from the hero which Clarence
Clarence Darrow facts to me this morning before he went running out of the studio and hit under his desk
You should have bit him on the arm. You know he might have got off on
Very Jackass writes
Forheld all and before we get to that
So yesterday at one o'clock shows over and I'm just about to walk out of here and go off to a nice lunch and
Here comes another facts that you forward to me morons play it again
Sam was never uttered in Casablanca now then we discussed that that wasn't the exact line we did
But but forgetting about that morons. Okay. Well, thank you so much
They get hostile even about something as important as the lines from movie
Which it was our poor yesterday and you'll be amazed by the way that I'm gonna be able to squeeze the movie pool for at least one more day
I got a good one the audience will be shocked and maybe dismayed by that
But it is Wednesday anyway. We got a big noon to one comedy of bits our every Wednesday. Thank God for that. Yeah. Thank the Lord
Let's see here's the facts before I get into these Scott for real thing because it's a sports thing and most of our audience
Don't give a flying crap about that anyway and we want to I noticed the most given him that big welcome on board
But a lot of cost the comments in there about the
Gregory the Gregory line about we'd like to add more humor to the morning show
Just when Mo and Gildey seem to make you bait making a little bit of it in road had a better book there to win a book
Of course we helped him a lot, but nonetheless
And all of a sudden we're gonna start dealing with it some more see I'm thinking to myself
What a great blending of voices that will be you know
You got Mo with his centaurion a bombastic voice and then you got tell me with a squeaky voice and a
Like that for well. Can you imagine that blending of voices to wake up to in the morning like a symphony?
I told clearance would probably be a lot cheaper just to get a cassette tape of
fingernails scratching on a blackboard and
Stick that in there in kind of place of a guilty and for real and just have the fingernails with Mo
You know, it's kind of like background sound
Anyway before we get into that thing you know, it's how I keep postponing the inevitable. No, that's called a teaser
It's worth teasing it. That's what we're doing
Somewhere in there there on one of those mini-discs which you can't find there's some a play by play by for well
The money was doing Atlanta hockey games and if he's lucky you won't find it
I mean
Nadine factors this morning and says as usual you'll you were right on the button Ray a Requiem for Dream
Although we also have that other facts kind of caustic the one where he the guy gives me
We got who wants to date with you. What I do with it? Yeah, he wants to date Kevin and Hollywood wants to date with George
Faggot I mean I'm Kevin too
As usually right on a button with the Requiem for Dream says Nadine it should be requiring for most people all ages especially those who are
additive prone so who's not?
Wow, that was possibly the most powerful unsettling movie and artsy movie. I've seen needed a Zana sure
I was speaking a Zanax on then rather last night and then on wheel of fortune which follows on some channels like here
There must have been 75 spots for our prescription drugs on there. Yeah, they had planets
Which I'm taking they had a prevesit and they had like a air be goddamn drug that talk about the drugging of America
So I think everybody should be watching Requiem for a dream also Nadine says smallville sure had it last night
Four stars from me and endeared me more to Clark and family
She says the episode covered a lot maybe too much cover for Tom Wellinger, which was our rated well
I'll be got to see was like a little kiss, you know
Well kiss in the beginning a kiss and again, maybe a little tongue in there
Now he does tell Lex Luthor that he went for it last night
You know what which usually when a guy says to his buddy I went for last night
We usually know what that means but in his case since we never even saw like a little peck on a cheek
Maybe that's Clark's idea of going for it if he cares my grip. He's a little packer. Yeah
Anyway, Nadine says I was down in Bokka for the mother's day weekend the brief visit reinforces why I'm a new Jersey
However, I love seeing the ocean well guess what Nadine there parts a new Jersey many parts where he can see the ocean
But you can almost smell it
Okay, thanks Nadine, but Kevin and Hollywood has a more
He's got one of these dictatorial faxes. He did one thing. I don't cut into real well
And that is people in the audience who tell me or tell us what we ought to think what we ought to say and give us like
Marching orders. We got enough of that from Washington now. We don't need that from the audience
Kevin and Hollywood who needs to butcher up several nights is oh and also before we even get into Kevin
I told you we had a full plate. No, seriously
We got to talk about the new sales guy Raymond. He's an asshole. Yeah, make your asshole
Speak at a dictatorial people Raymond. I don't even know who the hell you are
Maybe I met him once when I was down there. I'm not really sure because the salespeople are it's like a revolving door
So I don't even know who this putts is but he's already had one major
Compton Thompson with Tommy in a hallway Tommy told him basically
Nice god Tommy. You're okay. My book is always you've much better language than that though
Yeah, and the seramen comes in there what they was it yesterday yesterday
And given venerable instructions about how he's being bring in a client and so be on your best behavior
Yeah, be on your best behavior is as if first of all do we have any idea who Raymond even is?
No, the guy's been he's been in a building about five minutes and now we know be on a shadow without he'll fit in perfect with our sales department because he's an asshole right
So Raymond cut the crap. Okay, the last thing we did is another dictatorial sales guy running around giving orders
We already got too many chiefs and not enough Indians in that joint. We got 50,000 chiefs and no Indians
Everybody's got a goddamn title. Yeah, he's already got a mommy Raymond. So could be an asshole. Okay, and quick
Coming in there with the people that we don't even know who the LAR trying to impress your clients you idiot you scumbag you
Do we know who he is?
who
Anyway, here's the thanks from Kevin who wants to date with you George
Says Neil. I think you're a terrific radio personality
But if you and George are gonna discuss film you need to at least in big capital letters at least take out a subscription to
Entertainment weekly both of you have such limited knowledge about movies. You don't do them justice
However, you hate Bush and fundamentalist anything so you're totally forgiven
See again, we auto at least take out her
I don't want to take out a subscription to anything when I'm doing is watching a lot more movies and I admit
Unlike what Tom jickel would say. I'm an expert on nothing except times you can be in a jerk
So that makes it more fun it seems to me because we can soak on the audience's knowledge from all the different people
If anybody comes on here and pretends to be the expert. Where is the room for discussion?
Right and then he says keep promoting Dean
Exclamation point first of all. I'm not promoting Howard Dean
I've never seen a man once in my life. I saw about 10 seconds of the clip from the debate
So what the hell do I know from a Howard Dean except that I read a couple articles about him
I'm not promoting anybody except anybody against them then PS here's the real here's what you need to know about this
Facts from Kevin Hollywood PS is George cute. He sounds like he might be no, no, no, he's not cute
He's not gay and he's not to anybody you want to touch with anybody else's hand
Okay, Kevin
All of he would be delighted to send you a blow up dog
He could send me a subscription to entertain it weekly
He could send you a prescription to entertain it with like a centenary prescription for Xanax or maybe for Viagra
We had 1200 plus votes on a podium today pretty impressive when you consider we took that first pole of 448 votes
I believe on Clinton and Bush
Clinton won that one hands down by the way. They is state of the America
Like 85 to 15 percent thought America was much better off under Bubba than under W
Under this fascist regime we have a Washington right now the bunch of goose stepping Nazis
But at any rate the most memorable line ever from a movie which is why I started to show it at this morning
I don't have time to dittle with all these
It'll be I want to make them an offering
103 votes it moved in the first place and pulled away from I'll be back from the Terminator with 94
I'll just read a few of these okay
What we have here is a favor to communicate cool hand Luke 77 say hello to my little friend Scarface 63
Go ahead make my day dirty. Here you're 57 frankly my dear. I don't give a damn gone with the win 55 the best line ever from a movie
I love the smell of napalm in a morning from apocalypse now 54 you can't handle the truth from a few good men 48
You talking to me taxi driver 47 may the force be with you star wars 46 I bet you a clearance like that one
I'll look for him's probably like candy shackle out better
Fat drunken stupid is no way to go through life of animal house 42 leave the gun
That this uh did a lot better than in the beginning probably because I boosted up there a little bit
leaves it good
Take it only
Had 39 and last but not least of the ones I'm gonna read
36 I lied played again Sam from kezoblaka 34 even though he didn't really say more on yeah
I want my cigarettes miss ratchet and i'm angry mall
Guess what the head seven which would have had a lot more if I wouldn't have waited to the end of the show to have it pop in my mind
Have you checked the children from one of stranger calls had seven votes
That was a chilling line have you checked I don't know how many people saw that movie at least seven I guess
We all saw right right I saw Venus it
He was on the phone
It means on the phone he's on the phone with what calls ordering lunch
What do you mean taking calls from a home from my fair honor?
I don't know how we need to inject more humor in a morning show and he'll probably be starting on Monday with Mo and guilty
What a combination of voices that's gonna be
Man I can just hit and of course don't be blaming clearance or muff. It's obviously a Greg deal okay
Greg read once again continuing to dittle and dittle and dittle
We're just finally starting to make a little bit of progress
Mo is finally starting to like warm up a little bit about a degree and a half where's that his hair piece at any
It's just a little tiny bit
But no just never stop screwing around with a guy damn line up screwing around with life
Was this in the new times or city length this new top new times
See we've been all the way around best a.m. Radio personality new times picks the mad dogs in manage all right
Back to him I hit the wrong ones all right and
Readers choice neo-rodger so there you go
Something for all of us even a nice comment about the Humper in here too
So it's basically a suck Q.A. M. uh thing in there which we appreciate very much we like it and suck by the immediate or anybody else
914 already at 560 WQM you know talk is cheap
It's easy to throw on a lot of really appealing low numbers
But when it comes right down to it what you can you really get free finance that 5% 4% how about
2.45% with our friends a financial group with interest rates of 2.45
It really is your best bet and it's rock solid too call financial group now tool free at 1809 for O'Lend
interest rates are at all time low
So why not refinance your home or even better buy you a new home and take advantage of a sure thing
2.45% financing with financial group
And here's what it'll do with those monthly payments if you have you a 200,000 loan you pay only
786 a month if you have a 100,000 loan your payments are only 393 bucks a month so get yourself
2.45% financing from financial group call 1809 for O'Lend
That's financial group 1809 for O'Lend either an equal housing lender
Credit restrictions apply and rates are subject to change monthly 5.34 APR
My my and local this is 4356
You
I'd get a lot up the butt
Rack them
Tell me
Talking on a sports show
China to be my show
Your voice sounds just like a 7 year old girl
A little sports whole show
What else are you there for
Delvie
Delvie
Talking like a baby
Who needs a little training
Why can't you understand
You don't sound like a man
We move the rubber bands
That show
Your scrubs
Come
Delvie
Delvie
Delvie
Delvie
Your lucky management tells me
Cause Kelly
You don't feel long there on the head
And Kelly
The sports can wait till your voice cracks
Cause anyone who sounds like that should find another job
And they should only chase you back when both your babies drop
Delvie
Delvie
When you don't grow up
You make them want to grow up
You feel these sweet people
Go to work at big school
Your great new bass and voice
Makes you sound like a butt
Here
You're a butt
Uh huh
You're a butt
919 advice
This year W.2
But they have a lot of these programming changes
Come up on the station
We'll tell you how to get some feedback on it
Hopefully surprise when Scott Florella goes on 7 o'clock tonight
If his first collar is wine mic
My my my
Yeah
Cause I'm thinking about Gildy's voice
He sounds like about
On the ear
Yeah
Yeah about 9
Then he's like a little kid
Oh I see H
Yeah
I'm not talking about inches
Although that's the room around the building
But at any rate in Scott Florella course
You know
Get in gravely really annoying voice
Like that
Although that does fit in with soft Florida
Because that's our motto in soft Florida
Is that we hate you
No matter what it is
Like that
So maybe he'll like be the voice of the community
So very jackass right
And of course it comes right from Greg's mouth
Everytime anything is in very jackass
They don't even have a uh
They don't call each other on a phone
They have like a two way
Right like a next tell
Right exactly
They have one of those intercom things
So that can be an instant communication anywhere in the world
For well joins WQM in part time position
Former nationally syndicated host Scott
Florella is joining QAM is a part time talk show
And management said it could lead to a full time position
Says very jackass
WQM general manager Greg Reid said he's considered using florella
Howard David's morning show
Whose ratings have improved recently
But Reid said nothing is imminent
We would like to add more humor to the morning show Reid said
For all 37 hosted an national radio show for Westwood one
Between 95 and 99
The program was broadcast in more than 110 stations
His first WQM shift will be at 7 o'clock tonight
How do you like that?
Right on the box right on the hot and the hot plate
How to how come my phone is real
That must be a package must be delivered downstairs
Right
Phone's really another one you think it can be important
Like poke a bride
Better go get it
I'm just kidding
So anyway thanks again to new times to the another
That's screw new times
Like I said thanks to the readers of new times
For picking me as the best day in host
But they just stay you know
They mix in matches what they do
Little this little that
So the mad dog gets their pick because the readers pick me
And then best FM radio personalities
This is interesting
Paul Castronovo and young Ron Brewer
Because I know George is a big fan of their show
Absolutely is that the readers pick are theirs
No that's their pick
The readers choices a tie between Kenny and Fuddy and Wawin 100
And Castronovo and young Ron
That's a tie
Where's Howard in all of that Howard sperm
That's a good point
Yeah I don't see him
Well I guess since he did this
Turn to the right
Maybe that has something to do with it
So there's the radio buzz
Let's think about calls because we got to get the pull on for today
We got to build it and shape it and form it
And the poll too
Here's Miami hello
Neil
Yes sir
Good morning
Good to see you
I've been listening for many many years
And I enjoy your show
But I have noticed one thing and it's not a critique
But I already got two butts in there
You seem to always want to trash a lot of people
I wanted to ask the question
Why not
Well but I mean whatever
But let me say that let me say this to you
I trash people I deem deserving of trashing
People who I think are good people
I'll be more unhappy to give them kudos and I do it all the time
That's fun
My question is
Why are you such an angry man
And why are you going to die lonely
First of all it's not an angry man
And secondly I'm not going to die lonely
What what does that mean
And then thirdly I'm so touched that you're so concerned about me
I owe Carlos a dollar
Yeah
Because that was the George Hader guy he usually rips me
Oh I see so now today he's to ripping me
I'm not angry and it's a radio show asshole
And you're an asshole
They did use it in a different voice today though
Right out of the box
That's why I'm an angry man because of assholes like you sir
My life is beautiful other than assholes like you
Who have nothing to say
Here's a call from Boka
Hello
Hey Neil how you doing
That was probably Kevin and Hollywood once the date was yours
Yes sir
I'm not ripping anybody
Well why not
Well I just got back from Amsterdam
All right
All right
How was it
It was great except that with the Euro exchange rate
I got 82 cents
Yes
That was great
Your cents for a dollar
Is that unbelievable the Canadian dollar which was 62 cents last year is 72
And now it's the Euro is a buck 16
They get 56 cents the Canadian
Oh
Unbelievable
Anyway I got a funny story
You know that club paradise
No
It's it's just like a
A swing type club over there
And a guy and two women
Walk into the place and their cows
Just sitting and watching around like tourists and turns out they were Irish tourists
Who wanted to go dancing at the paradeza dance club
I see
Shocked their lives when they were given towels and pulled the strip when entering the club
Oh
But they were good sports and they laughed about it
I hope they used to my wrist spring
I hope so
Anyway it's good to be back but
I'm just telling everybody that if you get an Amsterdam expect to get beat on the dollar pretty bad
So is it their crowd are there?
No not at all
Not at all
I've been there six times and I'd say the least amount of people I've ever seen
Really
Really
People aren't traveling
I breathed through customs there wasn't
You know there's like 15 lines that Miami Airport
Yeah
Not one line had
Oh not one
Customs officer had a line
Just one right through customs
Wow
Is it nobody's traveling?
Hmm
But
Anyway it's good to be back and good to hear you again
Okay thanks
I tried to pull you up over there on the internet but I couldn't get you
Couldn't pull me an Amsterdam
Yeah
I've been pulled an Amsterdam before
Okay I'm glad you're back pal I have a great thing
See I don't understand that because I could always hear it over there
First I was right over the uh thing
Well speaking of Amsterdam
Chong's bonds landed in the hot water
Tommy Chong and actor and comedian best known for teaching Chong movies
Since we've been movie intensive pleaded guilty of violating federal drug
Perfinity losses part of a federal crackdown
On the sales of water pipes and miniature scales reports Bloomberg news
Uh-huh
It makes you want to cry you know what
Yeah
We've got people getting blown up all over the world
We've got every kind of lunatic terrorist group out there just waiting to do our ass
And they're worried about miniature scales and water pipes
The actors Chong Glass Company offered
and sold thousands of marijuana pipes with Chong's picture through its website
The US Justice Department said the company manufactured and distributed the products from its garden in California headquarters
In February the Justice Department announced similar charges against 55 people and companies
The arrest and seizures target a paraphernalia market that reaps as much as a billion dollars annual sales prosecutor said
Prosecutors said Chong invested more than 290 grand in his family's perfinity of business
Nice dreams enterprises under the plea agreement Chong agreed to forfeit the Chong Glass.com domain name
All items of perfinity the US seized and any proceeds of the business
When he sentenced in Pittsburgh in September he faces as many as five years in prison and a quarter of a million dollar fine
Chong and his partner cheat Miran tried to family late 70s early 80s with a series of movies involving drug use
And creative marijuana smuggling including up and smoke still smoking and nice dreams. Oh my god
Requiem for a nightmare is what we're talking about. That's America for you. Yes
tragic
How's sir? I'm doing by the way. How's my friend sir a goal farm? How's everybody doing? You're gonna be on television
27 after 9 at 560 W if you have no forget Monday Scott for well and Goldie on the morning show
Hey, if you're in desperate need of a job like probably Scott was here's the answer forget about radio
Because it sucks get yourself some real training at fast train get started and they knew high-paying computer job
And just for sure at months you can have all the training you'll need to get yourself in one of these great jobs because
Computer professionals are a higher demand than ever before so call fast train. There's no obligation
They'll explain to you how it works call one eight six six fast train and don't forget its easiest pie because
Fast train offers convenient they evening and even weekend classes and they're all over town
So it is about to be one convenient by you fast train's got locations in Miami
They're in Kindle Pemberpines and Fort Lauderdale
One eight six six fast trains and number to call or you can check them out in the web if you like it fast train.com
Get out of that dead end job start making a big fat paycheck
Airby payday with a real computer job and don't forget to register at fast train.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker
Call fast train today and be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck
20 call tool free one eight six six fast train
And look all this is for trade oh by 60
I'm on a tune yet. Oh Kelly. He's known for his seductive style his suggested lyrics and for having relations with underage girls
Which means now all of his songs are inappropriate. That's why jailbait records presents our Kelly's greatest inappropriate hits with inappropriate tunes like
Oh man is that ever inappropriate and that's why it's called our Kelly's greatest inappropriate hits with improper favorites like open grind
Yeah
Yikes it's our Kelly's greatest inappropriate hits you'll ask what is this perv thinking when you hear completely inappropriate songs like sex me your body's calling
Down low and is most recent inappropriate hit ignition
Come on our Kelly. She's not even old enough to drive
So she'll have to get arrived from her mom to pick up a copy of our Kelly's greatest inappropriate hits
Hi, my name is Park Kelly
Please buy my new fee B so I will have enough money to free the country life
Thank you very much. Our Kelly's greatest inappropriate
Available wherever records still owners have no school for whatsoever
I'm pretty one to five sixty w. Qm here's a lady in somewhere in the Tampa. Hello
I know love you show. Thank you. Um, I have a question for you
I've been dating a scat for a little while and we're getting ready to consummate a relationship. Uh-huh
And he's on the circumcised so that I think differently. Yeah, don't possess
Okay, now speaking of that the hot couples contest tomorrow
And the little bit strange away the show is starting today. Have you noticed?
Just a little bit on the strain side
Anyway, the hot couples contest deadline for your pictures is tomorrow Thursday May 15
I just mentioned that in passing because uh, uh, it kind of slowed down to a crawl. We got about a dozen
Doesn't that prince which is fine
But the point being that uh, what was your name's Aaron and Amy?
Right that everybody was ubleing and arguing getting all whipped up into a frenzy about Aaron and Amy
But the problem is they sent pictures separate and we're a little bit uh that ain't gonna count
Because again the rules of the contest people can log on to our website nearrangers.com email a picture of themselves with their significant other
Not like separately not from some of photo shoot in a model magazine
But like with their significant other and of course if you don't do that you would don't qualify
And of our will be the deadline by 9 a.m. By the start of the show tomorrow's the deadline
Then we'll put the pictures up on our website for a week and next Thursday May 22
Couple of the most votes wins three days and two nights at uh for two at the Royal Oasis resort and casino in the Bahamas
With round trip airfare on Lake or air and runner up kids dinner for two with the prestigious pizza loft
Aren't you a little bit suspicious about that whole ideal yes? I have
I mean anybody can take pictures out of a model now out of a fashion magazine and send in pictures of models
Hey, that's uh, that's me and then uh, you know
So we're just just matching that and passing plus of course if we pride them enough, maybe we'll get some more pictures
Now yesterday we thought out that JFK had a 19 year old mistress
Right an intern little uh mistress a little twinkie
Thank God that we didn't have Miss Grudge and her blue dress back in those days in the Ted Olson and the Kenny star, you know
Now we got a new book that says JFK snorted cocaine with actor Peter Lawford they were snorting it
All the two stated Frank Sinatra's Palm Springs House in late 50s according to an excerpt from a tell-all book written by Sinatra's former valet
Writing about the close friendship between Sinatra and future US president George Jacob said all of the
Ratpacks singing to a Kennedy's weakness for women and went so far through range liaisons for him
He would not have approved of his drug use
In the next episode from his forthcoming book Mr. S released in the June edition of Playboy Jacob said he was present on several occasions in Palm Springs
When Peter Lawford and the future president did lines of cocaine together
It lawfords guestrooms
The first time it happened Jack must have seen the shock look on my face for my back George Kennedy said to me with his bad boy
Wink Jacob's wrote ending at lawford pleaded with them not to tell Sinatra
Any audio? Yeah, where'd you go on to go on get that book right away? Won't you? No? Yes
And of course we know what S stands for
tonight tonight's a big night 10 o'clock on iFC independent film channel
Requiem for a dream. Where's that music?
Hello Sarah when you're gonna be on television Sarah Sarah Goldfarb. She's one of our favorites
She is the definitive soft-loaded junkie man perfect for us
10 o'clock tonight independent film channel if you don't have it
Get somebody else who does have it to tape it for you. That's your homework assignment
Here's our poll question today and we get around it with sooner or later
After these two stimulating calls that I took already
And let me ask you this how did you know who the first caller was when you're not the one answering the calls
Carlos was winking at me
I really well. I think that could mean something else
Maybe he's jealous over the guy in Hollywood that we're Kevin or whatever the guy's name was wanted to date
Yeah
Because that's what clearance whisper to when you want to have to take a dump this morning
Came in and said he's kind of wants to stand online too
In fact clearance he'll stand online for anybody anything that's warm
Even like one of those things you put in the toaster there's little pop tarts
He'll he'll stand in line for one of those if he could just like kind of rub up against it. He'd enjoy it
Here's our poll question today. Who is your favorite?
Let me say it again do it where I can't even read my own damn poll
Who is your all-time favorite character from the movies now this again as usual
We'll take a little bit of explaining because the audience is a little
In case you haven't noticed over the years
Now who's your favorite actor we've done that or actress we've done that not who's what's your favorite movie?
We've done that not what your favorite lines are who is your favorite all-time character from the movies
Which doesn't require you in other words when we put it on the pool
We're not gonna put the actor actors
We're not gonna put the name of the movie because if you don't know the who the character is then obviously wouldn't know anyway
Right right
So I've got a short list
Howard Beale
Cyril Goldfarb
Don Coyoney
Michael Coyoney
Sonny Coyoney
We had to put Santino on here because of
The B-ing your blood it brains all over you nice I release suit and Frank Booth
I-in-it-can
How about John Wilkes Booth and Shirley Booth
So that's our short list with a Howard Beale Cyril Goldfarb Don Coyoney
Michael Coyoney Santino and Frank Booth
What are you faxing me this stuff cable I already I already sent this to you and you're sending it back to me
I'm supposed to be a cable provider to run ad critical a bush
I fasted it to you this morning. Okay, I thought it was a different one. I thought it was a more up-to-date way
Kevin believe me you don't want to date George okay, all of he is kind of desperate
I hear some facts that says I know this maybe bit likely had to write this as my facts software free trail periods about to run on
That goes you and the boys have the most entertaining and provocative show out there. Yes, we do
Anyway, some poor ideas. Well, I'll put that aside. I thought it was like something crucial
And then we got another piece of crap. Well, I take it a fax machine is humming
The phone is starting to smoke a little bit
We had those two idiotic calls to get a start. What more could you want you? We got for real on the radio
He's gonna be on seven o'clock tonight
We got the new times loves of me and the mad dog and the Humper as well
Well, everybody on a goddamn station gives us a nice suck job in the new times. Thank you so much
What what more can you want?
I mean, of course in you guys in your case probably some money
But they can't afford to pay you guys any money because I'm taking all the big bucks
Join George Booker Brian Beena Boy and Super Slacker McGellus have noon and they need to do this because of the fact
They're not making a big bucks five to seven for happy hour at Treasure Island located off the Palmetto
Just north of the 120 second street exit this week's feature is the super soaker
Stephanie Evans
Scott fighter check her out enjoyed drink specials and win some prizes five to seven of Treasure Island. What did you drop in that?
I didn't hear it all
Scored squirt. Oh from five to seven of Treasure Island. He just can't control himself. Can he be an avoid
Just just like the people of insane cackling and dominating and dropping in all kinds of drop it
Yesterday, I'm doing a thing about the movie. He hasn't even seen yet
He's dropping that in when he doesn't even know the guy the movie the sent by a woman or whatever the hell was
You know what he said sent by a woman who horrible movie don't waste your time seeing it
So last night George was gonna watch the game right excellent movie
With the Michael Douglas in though I realized I already thought
Didn't see it though because of the fact it was storming and the power went out and it was like the end of the world
It's sunny and beautiful today here in Toronto. I should point out. It's a beautiful day. Gonna be 61 today 60ish
Nice crisp in the air
Not a cloud in the sky
And
And out of the room around here is that it's either 95 in a shade or it's raining and thundering and lightning and
No park and a real mess is what I'm here
So I'll stay here and I'm sure the people are saying all right. They're happy about that except the course for that first guy who wants to date with me
I
City
Exit just tell me what your problem is. I'm sorry Mrs. Captain. I'm experiencing a mood
Mrs. Bowel you're needed on the bridge Mrs. Spark is under attack by her um, you know
Like your boy that girl Mrs. Captain keep your hands to yourself mr. Oh, but report to my quarters in 15 minutes
Missoula chart of course for first and third
Oh, why is the star trying coming to appear here you
Be up the aim of representative is a study was your eyes
I'm 44 560 wq. I am swimming with somebody says Darth Vader. That was the inspiration. I played that yeah
As if I need an excuse that was kind of cute that won the villain pole when I took it by the way Darth Vader yeah
What we do anyway? What do you mean a one the villain pull as opposed to like Dracula and Frankenstein and stuff like that Darth Vader?
Yeah, that's a generation thing. That's very unfortunate and anyway
Our P. Mc Murphy from once a little bit of cook is nested is a great choice. These are on a facts machine
I've already taken the liberty to and these because it's my show and Charlie Chan is a good choice
Don't you think Charlie Chan sure never saw a movie but yeah, you didn't never saw Charlie Chan movie
Well, why not? How not you tell me well? There's something out your list right after the first 600
Because George never got to see the game all he realizes after seeing the beginning
He already seen it a zillion years ago on cable right
But then the power went out for hours and hours and hours. What a shame for a month. What a sad sad thing
By the way, Scott for all door unpack. Okay, sweetheart
He'll hate it in about five minutes especially after they call in the rip of an ass on here. He's probably used to that
Let's give that the gravity sounds cut
See I'm not gonna like jump all over him because I don't know he may be a really good guy. I'll love George said otherwise
Of course you're doing the same thing with him. He did with Moe. You know, you're poisoning the ear right?
Didn't you say all kinds of crap about him this morning? Well one in particular
And you have you met Scott for real? No, see there. There you go
Doesn't even know although I will say Scott. I got a little advice before you start tonight
Take off those checkered pants. Yeah, because otherwise you know
You'd lump them with that bokeh crowd like Moe and that's not a good way to get started
Take off those checkered pants. Yeah, okay calm down Mo
Calm down and of course Moe you can just imagine his hyperventilating
He's probably driving about 400 miles an hour and his way back home up to a bokeh because you ask whole
Because all his countertops about how they have to may add Scott for all of the morning show to inject some humor in there
And of course, you know what happens once they slide somebody in like that then eventually
Not too much further down the road. They slide somebody else out if you catch my drug
You know I'm getting that down what do you mean by that?
So maybe that's why they were like praying for that wonder book to be like a real bomb
And then the most shocked them all by throwing a good number in there nice going mo
Nice going in fact
I think we're gonna start taking his side just to piss off Greg
Don't you think that's good? I want to get even with Greg for all the tourists. He's laid on us
It's quite of the great numbers we've given him for five years plus
And how little they've done in return other than my check how little they've done in return as in nothing
Yep, I love it a clock will put the uphole up there beener
I'm just mentioning that for beener and uh Eric so they can get their signals together
Your all-time favorite character from the movies Howard Beale, silver gold farm
Don Corleone, Michael Corleone, sunny Corleone
Frank Booth, Charlie Chan, RP McPerphy and Darth Vader. This is gonna be great
This is an interesting start to list keep in mind separate in your mind the actor the actress the movie all of these things from the character
This is this is probably the toughest of them all when you say
No, you don't think so well not for you. It wasn't now because you voted for Frank Booth
But I voted for Howard Beale and I really would like to have voted for uh the gone Corleone
I mean how can you not love down Corleone?
See right and I do love him and I love grow up but uh Howard Beale there is only one Howard Beale
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
Here's Miramar hello, Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey, how's it going Matt? Great. Hey um, it's a good thing you
It's enough about uh Cheat all about Chong man
I mean you're right, but it's enough to make you cry in that it's all it is it's pathetic
I mean and it's like yeah, I mean just go to show me there's nothing to stop these uh fascists who are in this country man
Not to not just that country, but now they're even twisting the Canadians arm are making an amount of they can't refuse here
So that they're having like watered down their marijuana decolonization law to have like to pacify a U.S
Yeah, I know. I mean it's I mean there's none of this topos man. I mean and it's just uh
You know like you say man the whole American public is just
Uh, you know that's exactly it you did that very well
Yes
That was that was it. I think that was the definitive description of the American public's the state of mind right now
Yeah, man. I mean shit, bro. I mean what are we what are we gonna do now? Yeah, okay have a great day pali
I headed did you hit it?
No, you didn't no well why not all right now I did well too late now
No, I don't want to time jicketer right another one of those things do you that's all we need is time jicker with his
uh, four letter word of the week column
Five say all a week is appropriate for his column. He's got all the new network shows on every day
That's like 75 columns in a row about that again time. You're so lame. It's embarrassing. It's humiliating man
You're a joke. You're an industry joke
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound and to the Sun Central have anything now could be wrong
I could have missed it. I scoured their website. They have anything on scoffer. Well no
Of course, they don't have the inside line like very jackass does to Greg's house or wherever Greg is hanging out these days
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 now what others little what does that mean
What are like the little stars he's putting on is it like a new symbol your putters. That's just an accident
No, that's so I know which ones they uh
Don't let on but that way they don't bother me bother and call me every five seconds
Wait, wait, wait, so I'm supposed to put them on but you're not going to is that it? Why would you put them on you can just keep doing what you're doing
Here's Miami. Hello
Oh brother, I told you I told you don't put that guy on did I tell you that he won't listen
Here's Miami Lakes. Hello
Hello. Yes sir. Hi. I'm sorry. Good morning. Yeah, and boy nice to you
Uh my old time favored uh movie characters been James Bond
Is that okay? Well, that's great. I mean there's been several James Bond, but I guess you know I
See that's a tough one because there've been so many different James Bond's there's only been one of each of these other characters
Uh, but there's only one James Bond. Well, which one is that Sean Connery?
That's all James Bond. It's the character
Not who I know. No, no, you're wrong. It's not the character that that's the point that kind of that's like saying Sherlock Holmes
Is a character
Roger, I like the Roger Moore one. Okay. Well, that's what I'm gonna put down. Thanks a lot. Okay. See Roger Moore
No, yeah, in that case when there's been like uh, you know
Yeah, well, he can't just put that
Well, not no, not not to any extent. Oh, Rodgers. I thought that's what a character was
Independent of the actor
How can you compare Sean Connery as James Bond with Roger Moore? I'm not
But we're talking the definition of a word
You know what you're doing is nitpicking is what you're doing. All right. What you're doing is being extraordinarily and unbelievably
Unacceptably annoying. Would you agree, be your boy?
What?
Who is your all-time favorite character from the movies now the character is defined by who plays it if there is several if there are a bunch of different ones
Okay, that would be like saying Batman
Right right. He's a character has his Batman been played by the same character in the same movie no no question ever
No, never well guess what it's my poll and that's the way I'm done. Okay
In fact, uh, you're right. I'm gonna cross it out
Just put James Bond because if we do that then we'll have to have James Bond with Sean Connery and who else played James
The one who was one other one there was the one before him that only made one movie
Timmy Dalton no, whoever so we know we don't have the luxury of putting 75,000 choices on the poll especially for an audience that goes
Like that all the time
So forget about it
And speaking of forget about it should have had a whole lot more votes yesterday than it got yep five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a
AT&T and Verizon line here's for a lot of deal hello
Good morning. No. Yes, sir. Yeah, it's really hard to pick one character over the years, you know
Yes, it is. That's why we did that. I mean for a simple what would be the point of doing it? While my vote would be for
Alex the large clockwork orange. Oh, I need to change my vote
We're Chornecy Gardner and being there
No, no, try one. All right, Alex the large Alex will do okay. Thanks. No Tom bring his own toothpicks. Okay. Thank you
That's a good choice
And it was only one guy that Malcolm McDowell was the only way to play that character
So we don't have to put down this one or that one
Not a whole bunch of Alex's it was Alex Bennett
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty now is there something going on with these lines here?
Well, I guess not maybe they just don't like this poll question. Okay, because it certainly isn't
Simulating the way the other ones have been
And to me like I said, I think this is the most interesting one of all all the when you see when you do the James Bond you just say the character
I don't know they know who you're talking about everybody will pick it based on their favorite version of it
So in other words, we could put sure a lot of homes sure
I
Mean Darth Vader was three different guys. Yeah
How do you know
That's a good point. Are you sure? Were you were you checking out of the outfit? Were you checking out of the head gear?
That's a good point. Yeah, so you better double check sir. I said he'll do it for you
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello
Neil yes, sir
Don't know his name, but Lee Irmy the drill sergeant from Full Metal Jacket
Stars his name
He doesn't know the name of the character so we can't do it yet sergeant something. Well somebody will know. Okay. All right. Thank you. Thank you
Okay, I know the actor's name
Well, we don't care about what the actor's name is and not the same pool right
But I'll just go into my book and look up full metal jacket. How do you like that? How's that strike you?
Hopefully right in the head
Hmm
Full metal jacket. Here's a funeral parade of roses
Vato no Celetz
Serrezu. What the hell is your kind of language is that
Well, that's a Japanese movie with Poshio Matsumoto
What am I looking for full metal jacket? There's full moddy
Let's see full metal jacket the first half of us Kubrick's movie steers clear southeast Asia yon yon yon
Uh, it's got name the character doesn't it? It must
Uh private joker uh
Private joker it's gonna be drill sergeant or uh master sergeant something like that
No
Oh, and looking at the actually having that word in here town jicke better write a column about my time movie book
They have the s word in there. It doesn't have the name of the character. So somebody will know. Okay somebody will be
Sergeant somebody five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and this is a tough one
That's that's one of the reasons gonna be sergeant Hartman. That's it
Gunnery sergeant
Does he have a first name that's all that it says here gunnery sergeant Hartman
I don't think they use this first name in the movie really yeah because he's a drill sergeant so
They're not allowed. He's a drill sergeant. That's the kind of clearance he's looking for
Five six ten oh and that's so good for pie too if you see pie at the end of the movie six the adrenaline is head
Well, I mean it's a good movie to see but it's not gonna ruin it for it because I mean if you can't tell that washing that thing all the way through
That's right if you had a thing like that growing on the side of your head you'd probably put a drill in a two direct try to make it go away
Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello
Hi, how you doing great
How about Randall Patrick from Murphy he's on there our our P. McMurphy. Oh he is. Yes, sir. He was one of the first ones
Then I have to go with Sean
From the before
Go with who?
Uh, Chancy
Peter Sellers and then being there. Oh, okay, okay. Thanks. That's a great movie by the way. Shirley McLean
Chancy, Chelsea. Okay, Chelsea won Gardner. He was a gardener
Wasn't he yes he was while he was in our chance and he was a gardener but they
screwed his name up so they kept calling him Chancy Gardner all the way through the movie
Yeah, when you like that scene with Shirley McLean in bed, that's the new one
Okay
Hey listen, you know she at least had the right part. Okay, they may have been a little old and moldy
But yeah, Chancy Gardner's gonna research in Hartman Alex Delarge and see we're not gonna
We're purposely not gonna put down the name of the movie or the actor actress because if you don't know that then uh
Well, you know, what's your qualification to vote, huh? Right. What's your qualification to vote
Probably the same as like an at 2000 presidential election. Okay, you're breathing
I think they should only let just a small handful of us vote
Starting with nobody that likes bush that should be the first requirement
Or something that's a good start sure
So Georgian I will vote unless right George can't vote. He's a little alien. I can vote illegally
Well, it's Florida isn't right then stop anybody else
957 at 560 WQM here's something that's legal the likes of West Boka a great store for all you fat people out there
You folks are desperate to lose the weight the people out around the low carbon sugar free diets including the Actions
This store is entirely dedicated to you everything they have in the store is for you and right now they're introducing the new
Almond snack cakes by control carb they come in blueberry banana or classic almond each serving each has only one effective
Grammar carbs and you can try it and delight new chocolate raspberry muffin also with only one gram of carbs
If you like something crunchy and munchy to chew on try one of their three new flavors of low-carb bracket chips or
Carbons says he's got something munchy for you too
So whether it's carbolite ice cream breads rolls cheesecake chocolate's pasta and sauces or any other 600 low-carb foods
The lights of West Bokers a place you're gonna love shop and Anne their staff knows dieting inside and out
They're helpful they're open every day seven days a week ten to ten and they create the most complete line of
Actions brand product in the world and even better news is the Actions products are always 25% off all day
Everyday sookas Easter Sunday you name the day and they're always 25% off
So head for the number one low-carb sugar free store in the world
It's the lights of West Bokers on the northeast corner of glazed in 441 where next to Boston market
You can call them toll free at 1 877 low carb or check them out on the web at lowcarb.com
Don't forget there's only one delights of West Bokers. You're official atkins retail
David's a bitch
Yeah
I make some pass with my bad ass sitting down watching the news you ask hold
I just don't want to use my brain for the business my old years
I
Say all my so smudged
They all the
Undits that I see
Like a fox and friends. I believe they're my friends and they really care about me
I know it's true
Convincing
Cause I saw it on
I know that they're in the wife house has the fruit of the Lord
I love my job my money's done. That's what I think they've been for
They came for my family
Oh, they did not agree
But I have nothing to hide
So I should be all right
Until they come for me
I know it's true
Convincing to
Gotta start it on baby
I've got the fruit
And the fake is true
The other
1003 at 560 WDQ am radio tofyo host to keep seat on brown diversity panel
That's big news again another gigantic spread in the Sun Central big story mystery
You go will stay on the brown or county school diversity board anybody care no
Thanks was good buddy Marty Rubenstein boy talk about incestors relationships talk about another ego trip talk about more bull crap about nothing
Big Arnie chronic faster big Arnie says for our poll today inspector clues. So you know
I'm thinking about this pool and usually I'm pretty comfortable and happy with the way I'm doing a poll
I may not have done this right is that possible? No, I mean could I make a mistake?
Because I don't know I think the premise is okay, but
I think it's fine. Yeah, yeah
Inspector Kluzav who is your I'm not talking about that one
Who's your favorite all-time character from the movies? Well, for example Johnny Depp and how come since we were Johnny Depp
And sensitive the other day nobody ever said fear and loathing in Las Vegas where he plays hunter rest Thompson
It was discussed on one of the movie polls that we did
I thought he did a great job in a good, but I never saw I even know he was in it
Does it even look like him? Oh like I said
Anyway, so hunter rest Thompson I'm putting them because that's the character he plays correct and somebody facts that and
Well, hey, here's the list and maybe maybe it's okay. I'm just I'm just the James Bond thing is disturbing to me
Because it would seem to me that if you're gonna do this and get any significance from how people feel about it
You'd have to know which James Bond people like the best not just a character
See, I think you're full of crap. I mean just in general principle. I think you're full of crap, but especially on this but if James
Yeah, if James Bond was their favorite character because say Sean Connery's portrayal of it right then that's who they're referring to when they choose that
Well, how do we know that we don't and we don't care
Okay, why not be like ourselves department we don't care
Did you just pass me that thing from pop it up Parker?
Nothing. Oh, then that came either from the pomp and we were from Troy the boy. Let me take a look and see what because now his new deal is he just
He just he just blank sheets of paper stuff scrolled out you talk about a sealed department
It's just gone to hell in a hand basket not that they were any good in the first place. Let me see where this came from
Uh
What is that all about?
No, it came from from you I
Got you heard something you thanks me to my the reason you wouldn't know it's because it doesn't have anything on top
It's just a sheet of paper Carlos facts. I facts. I see and you know this what I'm saying
You wouldn't even know what that was unless you go through reading the Troy. I'm gonna tell you've been here long enough
You've now joined officially the QM sales department. He doesn't give a crap. Troy used to be our one great hope our one great dark hope
Troy Stratford a big improvement over his predecessor, but not anymore
He's caved in he just doesn't give a crap. Everyone doesn't be caring off to send his very best. He's lately sending his very worst
You suck Troy. You fit right in fact. He's probably is the one of the turnum
I
Raymond Raymond oh
Yeah, because according to Beenerboy Raymond's a major asshole. That's what he told him this morning
What he's got to vote who is your all-time favorite character from the movies Howard Beale sir a goldfarb done
Cholione Michael Cholione Sonny Cholione
Hey Santino has it gone baby. The thing you blow that brains all over you nice. I believe so Frank Booth Charlie Chin our P. McMurphy
Now he's you get a lot of votes sure Darth Vader James Bond that Alex DeLarge
Gonna research in Hartman who probably it was a name Phil. Hey Phil
Tronsey Gardener hunter rest Thompson D Jones who the hell was D Jones that was the one of the facts is oh
Raiders of the Lost Ark. I didn't see that. Oh Indian oh and that's gonna get the Kevin and Hollywood all up
Said you guys have such a little I don't want to see Raiders of the Lost Ark, okay?
Don't want to see any of those action Indiana Jones and a planet of the rapes or whatever that was
I don't want to see those I don't care about those the planet of the rapes is funny. I
Don't care. I don't care. What is it gang rape all through it? I see well
It was on a receiving and then we find it most amusing and I have a decision that was called in during the break
Well just a minute just relax. Okay. We got to know him before we start playing the comedy, but so thank God it's Wednesday
Cuz this just we're not getting a response here today. We have any other ones. So maybe I'm looking to move you things Brian. Hello
Yes, sir. Yes
paraphrase you don't confuse the actor with the character and George is right. You're you're getting away from mature original premise was
You want the actor do you want the
characters like a party Superman do you want a Reeves?
What the guy from the TV series back in the 50s or do you got want the Superman a broken neck whatever his name is?
George he wants Christopher Reeves. Oh, okay. There was George Reeves and it was Christopher Reeves. How do you like that?
Okay, well the thing is and then it was Jim Reeves. It doesn't matter like George says is the is the actual character like you said
I'm very convinced you have me broke or something. I mean that's what that's what you want
Right, I mean don't
It's not your premise. The don't confuse the actor with the character see but there you see you're giving me directions again
I'll see it like I've done one fact so you give me directions well, you know get your right and get your act together
I
Think of the other Neil get it. Okay. All right. Okay, come down. Come down
Just a goddamn radio show. Okay, quit taking it so serious. You know what I'm saying? No, that's right. I forgot for a shoot
It is life and death. This is our life and death pulled today
5 6 7 0 5 60 not but I don't agree. I'm not convinced
Well, it's two different questions. I'll do it this way because otherwise it makes it
Although it doesn't make it that complicated. How many characters are there of any import who've been played to any degree by more than one
Person if it's a big character a lot
Dracula right like maybe 20 30 guys have played Dracula Superman likewise fat man
Mm-hmm James Bond and some Sherlock Holmes right
Does matter fact that's another poll or series of polls that you can take who did all right James Bond, you know
Who's the best James Bond how long is that Paul Paul gonna last?
Oh, we how many votes are we gonna get on that yeah, that's about good. That's perfect for your polls
That's about how many votes you get anyway. Yeah
Georgia's whole audience votes three times
5 6 7 0 5 60 hey listen if you could just get the publicity mr. Egos getting there
Oh, and you know, here's another interesting thing you remember that fact
You let me rich why don't I put the Steve Cain on right fill in
There was a Jewish fact she was talking about to fill in
Is
Isn't it interesting that in the 9 to 10 hour during the summer months and any other time that George feels in doing the show not that
I want to go to bat for George because believe me that's its up assignment
But you're up against him this mr. Ego make a dent does he have any number whether online George is on to make any difference
We got the test pattern on okay. He still has got like fractions. So all right
So trying to give me a sign an answer about how Georgia so ponderous and he's terminal and boring which you know all those things
I got a point but I mean compared to mr. Ego he's like senate like a
phenomenal like a Mexican jumping beam
Compared to that old-style contrived right wing crap
God, how about putting mr. Egos in addition to which I thought he had a job
Right even though it's on a station that nobody knows what it is and nobody wants to hear it in the first place
We already thought he was gainfully employed
And certainly getting a hell lot more publicity than in Georgia will ever get
Just wait for like join the diversity board
Here is a fact from Glendus is I realized that a m format restricts the language out of the movie quotes you can put on a year
Well, what do you mean a m format what about fm? Could we say this on fm? No, no
It's the American f and way glenda
But since the poll is really an internet situation perhaps you're gonna hit that or even bleep for midwards and quotes while I
We're not doing quotes say that was yesterday and we don't we don't bleep them out on the internet
We put the word on there. We had the f word on one
You know, yes, we did
For example my favorite quote from a blue velvet when Dennis hoppers says I'll f anything that moves
I'll bet given the chance many of us would have given that well we could have put that on there
We could have nobody called it in right
Also, why are cartoons not part of the pool sure George will cover the comic book situation and excruciating detail over our long-hot summer
You don't do comic books you do you want
But cartoons are a valid movie art and do deserve to be included
Well, how many cartoons can you name like what's your favorite cartoon character bugs bunny porcupig?
Felix the cat superman Batman
It says my pick for all time favorite character would be have to be bugs bunny my favorite quote. Hey, what's up?
Okay, well, Brenda thank you so much
10 13 and 5 60 they just keep on coming baby. Yeah, let's hear it
The hits just keep on coming at the pizza lot with two locations in brown for you know
What a great place
Not one of these fancy schmancy places where you have to walk in dress to the hill to just a nice family a laid-back kind of atmosphere
The food is fresh. It's delicious. It's cooked to order no lumpy mushy. A pasta everything is just like the fallen snow
That's how fresh it is and Jeff Collins a pretty fresh guy too, okay?
And the food just keeps getting better or better the pizza love the original power location is in Davie
To show you what courage this man has got there on university drive between driven in 595 and a pizza lot
Plasma right beyond pier one imports kitty corner the new armory low cafe
Zillions and zillions of free parking spaces right in front and delicious and sational Italian goodies
They got chicken dishes and veal and seafood three different kinds of great pizza including that Fugazi
They got calzone super subs the best garlic rolls you've ever popped in your post and all your favorite pasta dishes too
And the prices are so low you can take the whole family and a whole gang back over and over again
Here's the a number for take-out delivery and whatever in Davie and for catering 954 916
8880 954 916 8880 and now open also in plantation now by me where there's a dearth
I mean a desperate need for restaurants like this and we got one now the pizza lock is in plantation
And according to nabahilland sunrise right behind the Walgreens and for take-out delivery and catering at that location
Called 954 382 1999 the same great food the same gigantic humongous portions and the same teeny tiny prices ready for you in plantation
Nabahilland sunrise behind Walgreens called 954 382 1999 for the newest world-framing pizza laws
I am Dr. Jutta I will be performing your hot surgery today
Now how you doctor? What do you know? What do you say?
How are you feeling Mr. David? Like I did it to a York government party
What do you think I feel like over here?
I feel it this simple heart-fouled procedure just means deeply into the basket you won't feel anything
Say I went on the fast I can't move a nothing
Look at that he's open to my chest now
By the way son Dr. Cook is taking off his pants and now he's
What the great thing my chest
Tarmony
Do you know who I am?
Oops, the dogs are going to die
That's not something I can do
Oops, the dog are there
He's raising my chest
Did I get more?
Oops, the dog are there
Oops, the dog are there
Oh my, did you die?
Oh my, did you die?
It was a beautiful funeral mouth
Even if I was the only one who showed up
You were like a fine enemy
Well, looks like it's time for me to do what I always wanted to do
The dogs are the best to lay
Why do you think you're throwing dancing on my grave?
Ciao, I thought you were dead mo
Of course I'm dead to them
I'm a zombie or an...
Ciao, you know what that means mo
I got a kill you now
And how do you propose to do that since I'm already dead
To the day
Well, just something I never told you mo
Yeah what's that?
I'm building the vampire's land
Big deal
Now I got to stand here with my robbing sand
Like yourself a pumpkin
I'm an avoidhold see
Why are you looking?
What's the power of price compel you?
Oh I'm pissed!
I'm like
I'm a monster!
I'm a monster!
I'm a monster!
I'm a monster!
10, 20, and 5, 60
A lot of movie stuff in that bit
I just noticed for the first time
Right?
Anyway, we're not doing this right
I told you I felt I had like a bad, sick, disgusting feeling in a pit of my stomach
Because I'm looking at all these fangs which you sent me about 7,500 on
And you're gonna have to specify the movie on a lot of these
We can't understand
We could
But again, because when we were discussing it before the show
If they don't know the movie, if they don't know the name of the character
Then how can it be their favorite character?
Oh and Rich Pactors out of control
Can we discuss this before the show today?
Out of control
Rich get a life, okay?
Yes we did discuss it
You're the one I said it
Carlos was a bitch and about somebody calling on an inside line
He didn't tell me that that's who it was
Rich Pactors?
On an inside line
No, the hotline
I think that's who it was this morning calling on the hotline
Saying what?
We didn't get it
Or I got it and it sounded like a lot of noise
But how do you know who it was?
Because he called yesterday on that hotline
Rich Pactor?
Yeah
To say what?
I don't recall
Go away Rich, okay?
You're a good guy but get lost just out of control
See this is what happens when when the listener is decided to become a little bit too
Too much and too important
Even the fat man
The fat Rich didn't call on the bad line. Yes, they did he
No, we did not
And he's got that number. He didn't call it that line
Just to disgrace Rich Pactor
He used to be a good guy but he's turned into a chronic. I mean I can't believe this guy
Well, I'll give you the list. Okay, Harry Callahan
Dirty Harry, okay, that's fine
Carl Spackler from Cadyshack
I know it would be too long before we have a Cadyshack one
That's the QAM crowd
Uh
Hercule Paro
Agatha Christie's Hercule Paro Pio IROT
You got it?
Yep
Played by several actors so like I've been trying to tell you
You can't put down which one you will like the best
See that that takes away all the fun from this uh pole
It leaves it good
Take the can only
I think you're I think that other guy that you paid the call before I think you're both full of crap
Well, you could make it the other way but then just add a line to the question
See no, no you don't need another line. Who's your favorite character? Uh Sean Connery's James Bond
All right
See okay
What are you watching?
I don't think it's that complicated
Not complicated
Can't now see the comic book character if you were to say Superman or Batman
It's fine
Because it's always the same
But to try to compare Sean Connery's James Bond would Roger Moore for example
Is that comparing apples with fruit case?
There's no comparison there yes you are
So it's Brabs Stoker's Dracula that we're putting on there?
No, it's not
See now that's the interesting part of it is that Brabs Stoker's Dracula
I don't understand that it didn't make any sense to me
Brabs Stoker wrote it okay
Todd Browning directed the brilliant the great version the Bella Lagosi
The definitive Dracula
Like Harry Oldman
Yeah, Gary Oldman
I give up like I said you talk
Now here's the list that says I have to represent the retards for the pull please put forest gump
Yeah, we can put him down if you want
But then you'll have to put the name of the movie
Carl from Slings Blade
See you can't just put Carl
That's my point. I'm sure he had a last name in the movie
Now well, nobody's gonna know what that is
Just put Carl in parentheses
It's quick see now I have to fight not only the audience I gotta fight them too today
If I would have known this I'd have called and sicked the next several days
Carl from Slings Blade Charlie Flowers for Alginal, a haphagodorn
We're not putting him on there
Also for the for the drill sergeant in full metal jacket
I'd like him a lot of the character and I didn't know his name
So I think that's one that we should put drill sergeant from full metal jacket on there
Or at least full metal jacket
Sergeant Hartman right was it Mary Hartman or Phil Hartman
I thought you said it was gonna research in Hartman with who didn't have a first name
Right, but nobody's gonna know that that's the back from full metal jacket
Even the people that like so put full metal straight jacket and parentheses on it
That's what I'm trying to tell you lazy little spick. That's what I'm trying to uh, yeah get with it
Anyway, this fax goes on it says how about that? He says I know the quality owns their most obvious from the godfather
But what about flat fat Clemenza leaves it good
Take it only sure I have no problem that he's a great character
Just because you love the godfather doesn't mean necessarily. It's gotta be Marlon Brando or it's gotta be James Con or
Or Al Pacino that was your favorite character could be any of those others. Who was your favorite character from the movies of all time
That's all how about like a baby Jane how about Betty Davidson baby Jane
Could be your favorite character right right? I don't just mention that nobody is voted for yet
But this certainly should be on there baby Jane
Baby Jane got it. I better put the name of the movie down
Now here's another one. Could you please put Hank from me myself and Irene played by Jim Curie
So Zanthony in with Miami. Well, see you're gonna have to put down the name of the movie because if you just put it put down Hank
It could be any Hank
That was probably could be time Hank could be Hank from passions, you know big tall goofy Hank that stands around and they just looks good
Don't say nothing. You know Hank
Why do I all forget we had a tremendous response on Scott for well being on the station
How we had no calls huh? Well, they don't know who that is. We don't have the sports crowd
Just wait just wait till the sports crowd. Here's that scratchy gravely voice
You know
So this is us this be us favorite characters Sparky Griswold and the vacation movies
and
Beetle juice
Then you say I'm writing them down. Okay
Favorite character the wicked witch from the Wizard of Oz there you go
I see you gonna have to put the movie wicked witch Wizard of Oz got it
I'm just I'm just putting information up you facts in long the Eric and then you can get into a big brawl with him
Okay, however you want to do it because I still say I've done something very bad with this thing today
They've been so good and yesterday we like almost 300,000 hits on the website
We had a tumultuous response even during these dog days of post post-paisa haneester
Which is almost impossible in South Florida, but I think we pushed you know, we pushed into the limit
I think it's fine
You do doesn't have to be complicated. They call they facts. They say a name. We write it down
We put it on the pole. We vote. We listen to bitch. I think what you're basically trying to say is we don't give a crap
Oh, and I would certainly second that emotion
1026 and 560 w.d.c. I'll tell you where they give a crap
Which is why they're still around and that's how it Pontiac GMC the Neil Deals just keep rolling out there like they're on an assembly line at how it Pontiac
And that's why Tom layman and Joe Prairie to invite you to come in and take advantage of these special Neil Deals right now
This great pair Neil deal number one get 0% financing for 60 months on every
2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock and Neil deal number two get yourself up to a
$4,000 rebate on every
2003 GMC and Pontiac in stock and
Attention court and former military personnel get yourself an additional
$750 rebate from your friends at Halib Pontiac and as always Halib
It's got a a gigantic
humongous unbeatable selection of certified pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs without a single limit on the lot
And as far as credit is concerned
It's a piece of cake at Halib Pontiac because no matter how margin on your credit may be even if he wants a new Greg read
They'll still coach a deal at Halib Pontiac and don't forget when you're at Halib
Be sure and test drive the all-new spiffy and powerful Pontiac Grand Prix too
Halib Pontiac still crank out unbeatable deals at 13401 South Dixie Highway that's US one across from the falls open every day
Seven days a week for more information called the Neil deal hotline toll free. It's one Tribal 8
534 40 211
That's one Tribal 8 534 40 211 don't forget all Neil deal 70 to credit approval
See these afforded tales Halib Pontiac GMC when you do your car shopping there
You'll agree with us these folks definitely are professional great
Why
Local
Sports video 560
You a
M
Rogers God
Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
We take a good hard stiff look and to start him if only they had waited a few more years
They could have ridden an unexpected way of a popularity surrounding the consumption of human flesh
They were fine young animals
Yeah
Well we figured our name was pretty radicals that who'd ever identify with a cannibal yeah fine young cannibals lead singer
Roland gift so what happens we tank in 1989 and two years later its silence at our
Lams might 1991's Oscar winner silence of the lambs was about a man who whipped people's faces off and ate their
Livers and brains
Clearly he was that year's prestige picture it was made gay role in the idea
Wuking up with Anthony Hopkins you know
Anabulda cannibal fine young cannibals financially strapped managers slubby gold
Was the inspiration behind a series of spoken word recordings featuring Hannibal Lector
Interpreting the works of fine young cannibals. I can't stop
The way I feel
Things you do don't seem real
She drives me crazy
Oh
Like no one else
Oh
She drives me crazy
And I can't help myself
Or you admit I made an error in judgment
We paid so Anthony 15 million quid and we sold let me see here
Nine copies
Rumor has it that the rest of the band was so despondent they ate each other
Of course they didn't make very good food
They're British
It's a big juicy sobbing went look at show business tonight an inside the vine
Well, look at his here's an endorsement for Scott for L from Lynn Samuel
She says in New York City before the huge blow up with OPEN Anthony made them change formats
John main Nelly the guy who first hired me a wavc lens says so we all know he's got a good eye for talent
Was consulting at the w any w and head feral on the uh in the morning show
I really like some honey like that there's a little something
I would grab any voice he'll be on at seven o'clock tonight on q amp see we're trying to give him a good send off are we?
Yeah as opposed to like moment guilty this morning a lot of sarcasm and air dripping with sarcasm
Because Greg again open up his mouth to very jackass and made a cost to comment
We're trying to insert a little bit more comedy a little more humor on that morning show
They must have said that a whole bunch of times
This morning okay toward the end of the show
And probably because they're both nervous when you think I would think when you be nervous knowing the way that Greg runs at place like it in sanus item
Hannibal Lecter was just an advocate there. Why the hell isn't he on there yet? Well, he is now
There you go and Clemens are we got right we got it?
Spackler
Vacula not Graham Stoker's Dracula either okay be nerve-race you idiot
Right
That would be like saying what's his name Peter Cushing
Yeah, I have to say to that anybody would say Peter Cushing I say Cushing here in Tussles. How do you like that? He did do a
job he did a what Gary oldman, but it was a totally different movie. Yeah, I was in a middle of similarity whatsoever except for the teeth
Well see that that's why I'm like I'm stumped
Because I don't know how you can compare I understand Dracula was a vampire okay
He was a vampire in transphabetic explains it yeah, but but other than that there's no similarity between what you're talking about
That's like Sherlock Holmes. Who's the other jerk to play Sherlock Holmes like then
There have been a whole bunch of them
But there was one in particular and may have even been Peter Cushing. I don't know. I mean he was uh there was only one
Sherlock Holmes and I was a razzle bathbone
We've been to this 50 million at least maybe not 50 million but 30 million times
So I just feel that this whole thing is screwed up there. So I'm doing my disclaimer. Okay, I washed my hands of it
Everybody else likes it. I hate it
The audience still like it that much because I don't see like this you for a historic, but the lines are full the facts
They are the lines are not full look at line five you see that
For eight or a year of bastard. I'm picking up line nine cool. There could be that guy again Q.A.M. Hello
Hey, you're living in the West I go on up it those West I that's the guy again
Wenders the winders this is the guy again. That's the same guy. That's his own private line
We got rich pacta caught on a bat line. We got this guy. He's I'll tell you this is a great idea
I just came up with a sensational idea. Well share will assign each line to an individual
Not necessarily and then that way because you know each line actually does have a different phone number right right
And then that way as soon as the line rings will know who it is
I know oh like like like this guy and I like it like his name is
Joe or whatever. Oh, there's Joe, you know
And we'll know exactly who it is. Well, you know this computer program is set up to use caller ID
Notice the little phone number with all the unknowns written down there
We have a name come up when they call it if we activated
Here's Pembroke Pines. Hello
Yeah, hi, sir
Rocky Balboa. How could we forget old Rocky? Okay. Thank you so much for people with an IQ lower than their appena size
Rocky Balboa
Yo Adrian
So there you go. What's your start to make a little progress now?
This was a little slow out of the box all because of that James Bond thing
See if that guy wouldn't have called in James Bond so early on we could have proceeded here
All the once we got to Dracula and little Boeena boy kept their pushing at Gary Oldman crap
If you want to look to be an old man, I'll tell you right now you better cut the crap Mr. Alcater
I'm gonna stick Raymond on you
Because you know that everybody loves Raymond
In our sales department except for Tommy except for Tommy and except for Boeena boy
Except for us because Raymond is he's an asshole right we know that
So Lynn says Scott Forell is of course. She's not a sports radio person
So she probably has no opinion one way there
But she's trying to like go do a nice thing to give a nice send off nice going Lynn
I sure hope you don't know mad fudge
Well, that brings a good point to mine and what is that I'd be really careful about uh, uh, Lynn Samuels endorsement
Are you picking on my close friend Lynn now?
By and by the way, I should point out she don't like you. I know
I don't mean personally, but on the air she thinks you know, she wants my job
I
Think that's accurate
And maybe she could do like a two-girl show with Miss Fudge
5 6 7 0 5 6 now come here not paying that have you been fuck because I don't have that yet that drudge packing
But oh, I don't have it in here either. It's in the vault
It's in the vault in the bowels of the well. What is it that you guys are doing there in all your skirt time?
You sending me a message to the back of the house
Oh, that's the I couldn't even hear it. I can't find the other one. I need someone. Oh, that's the reason right
That's the distorted screwed up bad one. Yeah, we can't find the good one
We're working on it. Okay, we want to get the perfect fudge for Miss grudge
Josie Wales
Vito
Now wait, I've got done Koliones that could enough. I mean his name was veto
In fact actually, huh his name was
His name was veto and the lini from Kolione wasn't that his correct name was that was his correct right
Vito and the lini decolione
That I say day decolione tie
They summed it up
Spanish well, I'm so sorry. Okay. I'm so sorry
I
Under a lot of stress a lot of pressure man a lot of pressure
Do we have uh, I don't even know what we got rocky valve boa-handable electric lamenza
Spackler Dracula of course that's a bram stoker
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 so you're absolutely wrong about this
I don't care you can argue it from now until a cows come home
But the fact that it matter is it's not the same character
I generally speak generally speaking
I would say the general thing would be all you need is the name of the character
But in cases where they were played by multiple characters
And it was like one that really stood out above the rest in your mind
That would be the one you'd have to specify just like we're putting certain movies to show you about like the wicked witch
I'm sure it was more than one wicked witch
There was more than one hang hey stuff, right?
Yeah
So that's my point about I'll go along with you because it's a lot easier that way we don't want to overburden Carlos and the certainly not Eric
God forbid he should burn out more than two three calories
How many calories you got to burn off today Eric?
3rd man
Here's North Miami. Hello
Archindal. Hello
A meal. Yes sir. How about a papadoyle in the front connection King Hagman
Was that his name? I believe so
Papadoyle? Yeah
Is that an intro?
And also Ratso Ritsu
I'm Ratso Rizzo Midnight cowboy excellent. Thank you Ratso Rizzo. I knew that be on air. Didn't you? Oh, yeah sure
Papa Doyle from what?
From the French connection. He said that was the character Gene Hagman play was Papa Doyle
I thought it was Papa Doyle
Maybe that's what he was saying. I don't know. He had he had like a kind of an affectation
It was hard to understand what the lady was talking about
He was talking like a you know soft lord of nerd. Now he was okay
Papa Doyle
Papa Doyle I don't remember the name of the car. I remember the movie of course the great Gene Hagman
We love Gene Hagman on the show knowing yes
And you still don't remember the conversation do you?
Nope. Good movie 20 before let it all the weeks better start getting entertainment weekly right
We don't know. In fact, you know when you're on your first date with him. Maybe he can give you like the address
Tell us where to go online to make sure we can get the subscriptions for that so we can talk a little bit more knowledgeable
Because we don't know anything about movies or maybe he could bring an issue with him
See if I was such an expert on movies
I wouldn't have had these great last couple of weeks where I got to see the happiness and the game
And american psycho if I would have seen all of those already what would have been the point
Requiem for a dream. I mean if I was one of these movie intellectuals and new stuff inside and out if I was like a sysco and an ebert
And I still say why did the fat one what he have to live, you know
Everybody liked Gene sysco a lot Roger ebert we could live
Got enough fat people already Roger don't take it personal, but we don't like you
He always just bugged a hell out of me Roger ebert. Oh, it's still does and then he married a black chicken Minnesota for tax purposes or some crap like that
Like he was gonna fool somebody who's he couldn't huh
Can I smush module miss fudge or a Roger ebert excellent poll question
Keep that in mind 10 42 at 5 60 WQ and I'll tell you something else to keep in mind who's gonna be the guy's gonna replace Troy Stratford
Boy, the work outside you can't complain about what he's doing lately because it's indescribable
We can't use the word on here to describe it. I think it begins with an f and an s and a b
Hey, I'll tell you what begins with a Brianna at step brandy
Business which also begins with a b for over 25 years taking care of people's feet hooketing up with the best name brand
Using the universe. They got all the top names like rock ports echo is mefisto timbrill and Clark's s a s
Floreshame all the names that you know and your feet love and they've got a wide range of sizes at brandy
That's one reason they've been around for so long
Minced six to 15 women's five to 12 wits from very narrow to the very big fat and wide like a platypus
And don't forget their professional sales staff give you personal service to make sure you get a perfect fit
Every time they've got over 40,000 pair of shoes in stock in their gigantic humongous impressive
8,000 square foot megastore
Brandy shoes a great place to take your feet at 1290 North Federal Highway in pop and obi
Open daily nine to nine Sundays ten to five and right now
It's a great time to buy sabatoes at Brandy's all men and women's styles are 20% off right now as I speak this week at Brandy's come in or visit
An amount in the line if you like at www. Brandy's shoes. That's with a whole bunch of s's Brandy's shoes.com
I don't have a clue show home. It's a goldman for the best makeup. He'll be standing for a one case
Money market accounts checking and savings who knows money better than video now one you want as you're going to details
All right
Great you should live long enough to say rates like this again. I rate seven been this low since the late 40s
So don't be a smock you're in luck
You're always just a stonthrow from a brand shop is the driver of windows so big hive that you could drive a tank to there
And every deal from the best makeup Palestine. He's guaranteed to be kosher a man branches between KFC
Gaddafi's fried camel and yes, here's army surplus
The best makeup Palestine
member of f the oye vey and he called kaboots Linda close that today
Hey look for a new office just off Main Street when right at the boiling bush
Oy
147 at 560 W.M. Sonata and other facts from rich practice says sorry
It wasn't me never called on the bad line of QA must have been Paul Harvey Jr
Have a nice life
Now see have it and the line is have a great life see another nice life have a great life
But uh see that's generally people's way of saying I'm not gonna bother anymore
But they don't stop ps Fargo still blows I
Think Paul Harvey Jr. May head to point about rich practice that we weren't really aware of maybe it wasn't there on the surface
But bubbling underneath the surfaces like a very uh chronic guy
Inspector Klusso I thought we already had that under I see my hand writing on the sheets already in there
Thank you so much. That's my fault for not reading the list and we're not really building this list very good. Are we
What do you mean?
Because we don't have that many names on it. Who's your there ought to be a zillion names on here. We don't know you think
At least we had a zillion we don't
At least I don't unless uh, well, that's I'm not ready to mow down. It's moving pretty fast
What does that mean the list is building really quickly
Who is your all-time favorite character from the movies and of course at 11 o'clock
We'll open a you voting on a pool and we'll see how which way to win this blown Howard Veal
Sarah Goldfarb now see Sarah Goldfarb
They're not gonna know who that is unless they send but again if they didn't see the movie they wouldn't vote for any
Remember nobody seen it. Can you try to get people to talk about it three people called
Requiem for Dream right
but tonight
Tonight 10 o'clock on independent film channel you better watch it
And and I'm the one that supposedly knows nothing about movies
I'll grant you what I know about movies you could put a thimble and have room for time jacuz fat head left over in there
but uh, I guess what
What just in the last week or two here? I've gotten a great education seen more good movies in the last week than most of these people have seen in the last 10 years
Sarah Goldfarb Don Coyleone
Michael Coyleone Sonny Coyleone Centino Frank Booth Charlie Chan RP McMurphy Mr. McMurphy from Cuckoo's nest
Darth Vader
Are you picking on Billy Biddy Biddy again? I wouldn't their scratch it boy James Bond
Alex Delarge
Remember when they were playing that movie the Kingston trio hanged on your head? No
Well, they weren't I would just think that I one scene where he went off the prison
He was standing there with his thing hanging down with the drill sergeant. He was ready to drill the sergeant
Gunnery Sergeant Hartman what a great the segue that was Gunnery
Do you hear what he just did?
Carlos
Gunnery Sergeant Hartman from uh full metal jacket straight jacket
Chancy Gardner from Being There and that was a great movie
Hot Arrest Thompson played by Johnny Depp now you said it didn't look anything like Johnny Depp
No he had like a wig and a beard
Looking like Hunter. He looked more like kind of rest Thompson. Well that's uh, interesting
Like an Edward Siserhands. He looked to me like more like Edward Siserhands. What about an Edward?
I still don't have that yet. Oh, you'll you'll like it. What does he look like?
He he looks like Edward. He's got uh, dip it he doing his hair. I'll slick back pencil thin mustache
I had to do a say Edward you didn't have to go through a hole. I don't know if you knew what it was
I wouldn't know what the real Edward looked like anyway. I say well, he looked just like him
Edward yeah, did he pop wood all the time? D Jones now who's D Jones
Indiana Jones
Raiders of the Lost Ark
Inspector Kluso Stanley Kowalski Dracula
Spackler Clemenza fat Clemenza
I always thought it would be Clemenza. No, it's the smart one. Tessio was always the smarter one
Hannibal Lecter and Rocky Belboa. That's a very short list. We should have a whole a lot more than we should have at least
Thousand on air. Don't really come along. Dominic one to you
A bigger part from Fatsow Dominic Dina Poly
Dinappoly oh sorry Dominic Dinappoly it's an aptly boy. Don't you remember?
I do know. What's that after that? Your ass when he grabbed the keys out of his hand when they're dancing
Remember that? Yeah I do
Timmy that keys junior
What a great movie that was. That's another one nobody has seen nobody's seen fatso and only fat people we appreciate it. We cry we laugh
I
Feel sorry for me
Such a great line. I feel sorry for me. I feel sorry for all of us because the uh they've they've let us down
You know that the honey junior he was a great character too. I bet you he'd get some both
But we're not and they wouldn't know who that is. I love a lot of sunny lot. Palata and Oscar Lapitas for an outfit them on
5670560 pound 560 on a AT&T line. Here's North Miami. Hello. You talking to me
Yeah, what was his name in that Travis and taxi driver then he did it again
Jimmy. Travis Bickel and taxi driver then he did it again. It was the narrow
Anyway again and good folks. I'll get it again. I'll get it again. Okay. Thanks. That wasn't the same character
It means the line we're not the lines was yesterday. I think this guy's doing a few too many lines like like JFK
And Peter lawford I'd say to Peter lawford. There was a really strange dude
He was he was kind of like clearance only at least he had some success before my time
Don't know don't know he will offer it would do anything that moved including guys and gals and
Unknowns and he was just a horny kind of go out like the Kennedys you know very horny Kennedy kind of guy
Travis Bickel got it and you know something they had I saw that in the story yesterday at HMV and I didn't pick it up
Taxi driver I was just saying I need to see that again, but I guess I better see momentum first Glenn Gary Glenn Ross
Glenn Hill
And uh some of these others that I have piled up but why it would be a while be after my vacations over
Not that I'm looking forward to my vacation, but you know what I'm looking forward to my vacation. Are you looking forward to it?
Join George Bokobry and Beena Boy and Super Slacker McGell this afternoon five to seven per happy hour Trezor Island
And Tom McGell is a sucker for getting married be sure much in that to him. I do often
Trezor Island off the Palmetto just north of the 120 seconds three decks of that's five to seven this afternoon
This week's feature is the super-soaker Stephanie Evans. She'll be soaking it and shooting it
Stop by to check out her stuff enjoy drink specials and when well is that what he said in Boogie nights?
I want to see my stuff while maybe she's got some stuff
Enjoy drink specials and win some prizes five to seven to Trezor Island this afternoon with all our perves or at least as many as the
Missouden squeeze in there into what Brian's gonna be there huh right now
Do you ever get that straight now with parents about the email and this and that see when muff is there everything is so
It's just you know like an assembly line because muff don't have much else to do anyway
But with clearance because clearance is how it's heavily involved in sports
And clearance of course is trying to make it seem like he had something new with a for real thing
Keep that in mind audience because it was really Greg Reed
That's obviously the one that brought that guy in there he interviewed him
Who did clearest he interviewed Scott for real
That's that's so sad. I mean, I don't want to pick on clearance because he's a good guy to guess my money on time every payday
But I mean for a guy like for well who's 37 years old clearances about what 10
Come on 14, huh 14
Yeah, I
To come in and be interviewed for a job by like our kid. It's uh, you're enough to be your son
Right just above right almost and of course no matter how well clearances he seems like 10 years younger because he's so unwirly
You know, he's like a little huh. Why do you say that?
Because it's true. Oh, he doesn't
Well, I don't know he's not a man of the world in other words. He doesn't command
I'm not not gonna be doesn't command what you'd say a great presence yet
He's working on it. He's moving his web to letter. He's sucking his way to the top, but he's not uh, you know
I mean beater boy told me when it comes to the second part. He ain't even must league yet
56705 60 pound 560 on a day, but you remember what they said clearance practice makes perfect baby
Take it for me. Here's four-lawterdale. Hello
Hey, Neil, how you doing today great sensational good
It's fine I try to call yesterday because my favorite line is also my favorite actor portrayal. Okay. I'll give you the line
You'll know who it is. They have listed my little friend
Now that was the opportunity. It was great as well
What was the name of the character?
And did very well on our poised that I should point out it was in the top
Did extraordinarily well
Thanks, palmy you gotta say hello to my little friend or we can't see it
56705 60 pound 560 on a 18 now now the pull we do this break the pull goes up there right, Pierre
Right right
This is really turning into a trying experience. I hate this place. I mean we are trying
But it's showing you a really a trying experience 1056 at 560 q a.m. Your trying station
Well, let me tell you something my crud Nick Ryan, Mr. President if you will
Come on, Senators
Senator dole wouldn't it be better to have the deficit? That's not a bad idea
It gives us $400 billion to believe
Maybe even for the Clinton library perfect leadership is about bad economics and can you believe women's right?
Because we're stronger. I hear you're looking for one look. Let's give up our Homeland Security Education Social Security and Medicare
Oh 11 o'clock. How about somebody from deliverance? I guess not huh? I mean Bert Reynolds character was very good and that baby was great
He's like a pig, but nobody was as good as banjo boy
Yeah, that's true, and he don't even have a name, right?
All right, well, we know his last name was easily, but we don't know his first name
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What's your favorite all-time character from the movies?
It's a damn good thing. It's Wednesday because this is turning out to be a really draining experience the good news is
Yeah, now my phone rang twice the first one was one of my UPSC
You know one of the comedy discs or something like that and the second one was is
With my bed. Thanks to my good close friends at Dalmatris. My bed is ready for delivery here
My king size sir to bed is that incredible or what certainly because I never really dreamed it was actually going to happen all the way up here in Toronto
But thanks to my good close personal best friends at Dalmatris. It's a reality. It's going to be great
I'll be able to put my ass on one up here in the bed too
Thanks folks. Thanks guys at Dalmatris even thanks to fat boy although
What's it says he out of the hospital yet? Don't know no updates. Yes, he is
He is out of hospital. Why do you call you? Yep. Well, tell him. Thank you so much
Thanks fat boy. Even though you're a real jock and accused patent in the ass and probably will be dead soon
But nevertheless thanks anyway. She's good to say thanks while he's still alive
As opposed to Raymond that sales guy room in fact Raymond I had to break the news to you. He's an asshole. Yeah, we're on you
We're on you idiot. We don't like pushy guys who come in off the street somewhere who probably been canned their last eight or ten jobs in a row
At least
And the start push people around you know you think said because been or boys a little punk you can start to bitch in him out
Well, I've seen that type there a diamond doesn't the people that pick on the little people you know right
Pick on a little people like our like our engineering department same kind of crap
Terrified of me scared schmittless of me, but they pick on a little people like been or boy guys who make it like
You know 250 an hour
Anybody can do that just like the Humper back in his surly day
Remember those days picking on the board ops picking on those little sports nerd kids, you know, and I cured him of that
And you're welcome Hank hey stop it here's pomp it. Oh be chill. Oh
Hey Neil God. Yes sir speaking
I've got a penis size wood all this other stuff. You think I John Holmes is Johnny what?
John Holmes
Is your favorite character?
Oh, hey look could be you never know. I mean, it could be a that's our crowd
Uh, why don't I've got you because I don't get that much of a chance to call it anymore a good friend of mine
Has always wanted me to ask you this question this guy's the listening to you for 20. Tell me it's none of his business
Whatever I have in the choke herston
He's having a good time
He thought I think he like here you are
He's a little late for the little while right now. He's in the South Pacific somewhere and he's got that thing around his neck
He's got a little late
And have a great day rhymes with lay Joe Gerstin he uh, he yeah, well, you know, it's typical South Florida crooked politicians
We love it. We you know, see people complain about it
But they really enjoy it because they like putting them back in again like Rale Martinus
Joe Carrillo up into a point
5 6 7 0 5 60 and many days his kids will make it hurt his kid is the one that's making those new $20 bills
Do you see the thing about the new currency now? No
Turner to counterfeit so it's got like peach and peach and blue in the background
Which you have to look really hard to see it, you know
As peaches at the treasure island in this afternoon, if you'll tell you about it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon line the poll is up
Told you what I tell you
Eric is right on top of it. He's so sick and tired of playing the
Taking back seat to be an herb boy
Even though be an herb is the one that put our website on a map
Your all-time favorite character for movies but it was only a couple of votes on her so far. Tony Montana's got three
James Bond oh, now where did that come from?
It says James Bond and in parentheses Sean Connery. I guess it's a holdover
What do you mean when when they thought we were doing that?
We are doing that. Oh, okay, then James Bond Sean Connery
Two forest gump two and well, I mean just a couple of votes. It just went up on her
So I oh, now oh, I look at that Dracula Gary Oldman or Dracula Bella LaGosia. That's not a bad idea
I see that's the way to do who did that
Thank you. How much who?
It's a thank you. You did that. Yep. That's the way to solve the problems
Let let be your boy be the mediator now. He's mediating the dispute and he's pacifying everybody this way
You know all are you not happy with that because it's like splits it up. I don't care. I'm fine
Is it okay? Do we hear a stamp or we're not that I care I could give her crap less
But at least it sounds like we have like one happy family here at
Your QA by the way for all on the radio takes over to Howard David show Monday
What it's just a little joke. I don't want to get my wall band out of shape. He's been he's been he didn't he not it you this morning
We have like a little a not a brief almost a bonding session
A James Bonding session he feet apart with a wall in between us, but it was a
Instead of the usual glare there was like a little nod like an acknowledgement of each other's existence like we're breaking through to cold war
Don't do it again
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line here's for Lauderdale. Hello
Yes, good morning. Yeah, sir. When is the uh I've got free for your list here that you make it
How are you calling? Yeah, he's on there. Oh, he is on there. Okay nurse ratchet
Miss ratchet, okay
I would say probably Joe box
You know from midnight cowboy. I was gonna call you yesterday when we were doing lines
On the movie we were doing lines yesterday
I got good binoculars. I see you guys anyway
Ratso you see all I'm watching here. I'm walking here remember we slammed us in on the taxi
And that that was a pretty good line. I used to hear people come up with that and
I just want to see guy have one more and it's just I draw for just a vanish. Well, thank god for that. Have a great day, pal. Thank you. Okay, you too
I said ratchet original long time ago, but I don't think we ever put it down. See I'm not writing them all down
So I'm depending on you guys. It's all there James Bond Sean Connery for now. Did we put James Connery Roger Moore?
Did we give them that option James Connery
James Connery Sean Moore
See I don't see that on there. Well nobody's gonna vote for that anyway anybody thinks that Roger Moore is the best James Bond
Go away. Okay. We don't like you. There's a lot of them go have a date with rich factor
We still like rich factor. He don't want you to take it personal
But you know don't act like so been out of shape rich you just getting a lot of control
So like anything else every now and then when you get out of control you have to be slapped back into a shape a little bit
Favorite character p-ro tool as Lawrence of Arabia
Says Don thank you Don
Now how do we do that? I just wrote that Lawrence of Arabia. Yeah, because there was no other Lawrence of Arabia
Was there tip for the real one separate things Steve Lawrence
How's Edie Gorm doing?
It's actually somebody who wants to eat Gorm on television. I can't remember who it was. Oh, I didn't find Ed Wilber
But I found Ed Sullivan at the movie place
And it's true story they have the old Ed Sullivan TV shows
Did I get it? No, but it was a really big shoe
What there's a guy talk about a man with no talent. He that's a good pull. We've done that before
Person dead or alive with the least talent who made it the biggest Ed Sullivan
He was just a columnist just a flucky calmness for the near one of the York papers
New York mirror one of those defunct the newspapers
And all of a sudden he was on television
Yeah, did you ever watch any of those old? I absolutely an idea someone to explain that I mean you talk about the amateur
He was a stiff as a two by four. He was I mean
He had the personality of a dead man
He like even Al Gore is like a Mexican jumping being compared to Ed Sullivan
And he's like grandma used to call him Ed Solomon. She thought he was Jewish
567 05 60 pound 560 on the 18 TNT and horizon line your favorite all-time character for movies
Our big new to one comedy bits ours coming up in 12. Thank God that we got the mad dog at one
We got oh, I didn't see that. Guess what we got a three
Oh, I'm poor for all his first day on here. He's gonna have to follow Joseph. I can you'll probably leave
Can you imagine that
He's gonna have to follow oh brother a fate worse than that well. There's nothing like jumping right into the fire. You know what I'm saying?
Oh my oh my wow following the Z-man
Scott for well our new addition on the QM lineup will be at seven
Even with a gravity voice. It's a big improvement over somebody else. We have on too much at night
All the way see the other ones on a marna the big oh not that he's not a good guy
But he just is awful on the air he talks spanglish baby talk the big oh and then we got to Marlon game tonight
Marlon said to pod raise anybody interested now and you won mark overnight
I'll say they're sure talking a lot about that lady golfer a thing on a morning show too much golf mo
One more day of golf talk and I think for real will be on Monday for all in guilty
What do you think galley
I
Resid the other way around
Rats Rizzo Joe Buck Joe Buck and that's the jack buck son
Cardinals guy
Nurse ratchet Tony Montana the pull is up. We're working on it
And I think we finally found a way to accommodate everybody on here
Here's a call from Davie hello. Hi. How you doing great?
I'm only 59 years old but I can't believe somebody hasn't mentioned Rhett Butler
Well they haven't
Well you have to apologize for that he was a great one of the all-time most memorable characters
And but my personal favorite is John
John Forten from the quiet man
John what?
John Forten John Wayne's laid their part in the car
Oh my god
I'm sorry
You ought to be okay thanks pal put my your head
Okay boy he was so quiet I missed him
Exactly
We putting that on there. No
Well Rhett Butler will put on her he'll get one anyway. What's who's your favorite all-time character from the movies?
Not your top 10 not your top five we're limiting you to just a few
Your top 30 favorites
That should take us to about seven o'clock Sunday morning
660 pound man hoisted the hospital by crane
Farman in Germany. This is from Berlin
Farman in Germany had to use a 38 and a half ton crane to hoisted German man
When 660 pounds out of his apartment and take him to hospital the fire brigade in the northern city
Oh, this was in Hamburg said on Monday
Because the man was so heavy we couldn't carry him on one of the normal stretches
So we had to use the cranes at Hamburg fire brigade spokesman John Rolfs
10 firemen were needed to lift a 60-year-old man out of a hospital
They placed inside a large industrial container
Which the crane and hoisted level in his first floor balcony
The crane then lowered the container to the ground and the man was wheeled off and it jacked into an ambulance van and taken the hospital
Is that is that and we wondered where fat boy was now we know I don't know he was in Hamburg
And by the way you people in Hamburg change your name
Because we don't want to get those people upset
Change it to like a fine foot. Oh, that's not great
Well, and I saw this thing about the world's first inflatable church. It was on CBS even in news last night
Dan Rather was kind of chuckling and chircling in the smircling when he put it on there you see it no
I heard it blows though and like all other churches it blows all religions it blows
Too bad Peter Lockford and J. K. R here to work on it
The world's first inflatable church opened its Gothic arches to worshipers on Tuesday and Escher England to reveal a blown up organ
Oh, I see no
A polyvinyl pulpit an airfield altar and a fake stained glass windows
An airfield altar while wonder if they also have to blow up the altar boys
The church is the brainchild of British entrepreneur Michael Gill. He's he's tortlin again
Hope he never buy it. He's chucklin
A priest could carry it around on the back of a truck and set it up on patches of grass or in village squares for impromptu services
And he says it could breathe new life into Christianity by letting preachers take their message in their communities
And blow whatever the hell they want blow as much as they want well. That's great
I guess you never heard our good friend Terry Griffin, huh
Whatever happened to Terry she still work over there. You know what she said if you blow too much you're in trouble
She's still over there with the the Cox people far as I know I hope not for her say
1113 at 560 WDQ I'm getting into the barbecuing season with the perfect grill at the absolute best most unbeatable
Guaranteed low price in the world from barbecues galore this week take advantage of no payment same as cash financing until
January 2004 on approved credit
Barbecues galore carries the biggest select of barbecues and accessories including liquid propane natural gas charcoal smokers tailgate supplies
They have it all at the guarantee lowest prices anywhere's barbecues galore's got an exceptional selection of Weber grills and accessories
Including the hot new Weber summit gold D which features six stainless steel burners a double wall stainless steel lid
Welded stainless steel cooking grates fixed commercial grade thermometers side burner rotisserie all of these things and lots more too
At barbecues galore you'll find the hottest grills that you won't find any place
Seltson of course is always that unbeatable prices too
So don't forget these are the two locations you'll be thinking about for all your barbecue needs
With these shfitzy weather or already arrived in south Florida at the lowest prices in the world barbecues galore is in plantation
Also in corals springs let the knowledgeable staff at barbecues galore help you pick out the perfect grill
Answer all your barbecuing questions too
Don't forget everything you need for barbecuing available at unbelievable prices at barbecues galore
I beg the local of the 60s 560s
The radio's on yours
You in
Holy cow errands coming
Holy cow
Seg East
For the hills, the Iraqi's don't like it.
Shocking off, shock, shock, shock,
the Iraqi's don't like it.
Shocking off, shock, shock, shock,
by order of the presidents.
We move our troops along the crowd
and generate expo jobs.
Confusing to confound
the other side tactics
to stop us with our human shields.
But our mission will be finished and
until we steal the royal fates.
We're Iraqi's don't like it.
Shocking off, shock, shock,
shock, shock, shock, shock,
shock, shock, shock, shock,
weapon, I paid at $5.60.
This poll today is going over like Halafai in Bosnia.
I just don't think that I told you right from the get-go.
It was just something filled a little off.
Corp, maybe that was when Clarence caught
came in this morning and gave us the bad news
that the Farellas were placing Mo on Monday in the morning show.
Farell and Cali!
Don't you think that there's a little something strange
about that combination of voices?
I wouldn't say strange.
No, I call it harmony.
Corian Miami says,
Doc Holliday in Tombstone played by Val Kilmer.
Should we put Doc Holliday?
Sure, why not?
Let's get it on there right away, okay?
Somebody faxes this about the FCC June 2nd
planning authorizing sweeping changes to the news media,
which we've talked about at Ad infinitum.
It says, join me in asking Congress and the FCC
to support a diverse competitive media landscape.
I'm going to this website, www.mov.noin1wardmoveon.org slash
Stop the FCC.
You can also automatically have your comments publicly filed at the FCC.
Moveon.org. Got it.
And also, two commissioners at the FCC as for a public hearing before the FCC votes
on a controversial rule change.
Commissioners Jonathan Adelstein and Michael Cops released a letter
indicating they're seeking to postpone that key June 2nd meeting at the commission,
at which the FCC is due to vote on media ownership caps.
We believe a full notice and comment period on these specific proposals is warranted.
Some policy making, perhaps even law requires no less,
the two democratic appointed commissioners said in a joint statement.
And the meantime, Michael Pals is, ah, you know, we're going ahead.
There's three Republicans, two Democrats.
You think they're going to wait?
No.
No, they want to get this through for their good buddies,
Rupert Murdoch, Chief Channel, all of these people.
All of the people that they're in bed on.
So we have like two or three organizations that control all the radio,
all the TV, all the newspapers, and they can pull whatever kind of fashions propaganda out
that makes them a lot of money and makes the government happy.
This unsigned facts from somebody obviously very psychotic.
For the last few days, I wish you've been doing polls on all these movies,
but no one has mentioned probably the most powerful movie made in recent history,
and that is John Q.
What?
Never saw it.
Never heard of it?
Ah, yeah, I have heard of it.
Says this movie had to made.
This movie had to made.
Oh, is that the Denzel Washington one?
Yeah, I saw it.
Well, you don't sound too enthusiastic about it.
It was fine.
It was just okay.
Yeah.
It says if you haven't seen it, it's a must see so everyone can see how great our medical system is,
and how much the country cares about kids, and how much they look out for people who aren't filthy rich.
How about the hospital with George C. Scott?
That should say everything you need.
No, that's 100 years ago.
That was also a Patty Chaefsky movie like Network, and very good.
It says both these political parties suck.
All they do is having this chasing car.
I don't know whether that says tails or balls, but I think both would be accurate.
Neither party cares about us.
And like I tell you, they both suck, but one is much more malignant than the other one.
That's why they look at the FCC right there.
There's a classic example.
Democratic party sucks, but they suck less, and they're much less dangerous than the Republicans.
Three Republicans on the FCC, and you watch June 2nd.
They'll pass through whatever they want for the benefit of their good buddies,
and speaking of that, right in line with that, and another one of our bedtime stories today,
Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. Upgraded His Food Your Earnings Forecasts
after a strong film and television performance helped its third quarter results beat expectations.
How do you like that?
The global media also upgraded its Food Your Earnings expectations both to the group,
and its 80.6% owned Fox Entertainment Group.
And it goes on with the other, uh, this other not-seen numbers.
Okay, obscene numbers.
5.670560, pawn 5.60 on the AT&T.
Somebody said, Lord Helmet.
It's Dark Helmet.
Rupert Murdoch.
Dark Helmet from Spaceballs.
Well, it says Lord Helmet, so let's put Dark Helmet.
Let's put Dark Vader.
Inspector Kusso is winning hands down, and that's an excellent choice, okay?
All-time favorite character from the movies, right now.
Is that the Peter Sellers' Wonders? That's the one played by Ed Jimmy Lee Curtis.
It's the cartoon one from the Pink Panther Carchants.
Oh!
Inspector Kusso 24, James Bond, John Cottery, 12, Darth Vader 9, Tony Montana 8, Don Corleone 7, Michael Corleone 7.
Gunnery Sargent Hartman from Full Metal Jacket 7, Forest Dump 6, Hannibal Lecter 5, Dirty Harry Callahan's got 5, Carl Spackler, Caddyshack 5, Josie Wales 4, Frank Booth has got 3,
and you know who probably doesn't have any?
Let me just look.
James Bond, Roger Moore, he don't have any good.
Bella, oh no!
Bella, go see Dracula, has 0.
Yeah.
And I'm looking, and Gary Olben's got 1.
You know what I think of that?
Makes me want to barf.
Makes me want to barf.
I think it's a generational thing.
I think you think that everybody from the age of 3 all the way up to...
Not third man!
Hasn't seen Dracula, the original 1932 version, Todd Browning, a direct, a Bella, go see stars.
What's about a time I would have thought everybody'd seen it, but lately?
No.
What do you mean by that?
People aren't watching those old movies anymore, I'm finding out.
How about Frank and Stein?
Likewise.
Oh, maybe that's part of the problem we got in America today.
Nobody knows what the hell it's all about, right?
It's very sad.
If you haven't seen Dracula with Bella, go see...
You think you're just going through life.
You just go through the motions.
Those old movies were boring.
They don't look like the effects aren't very...
Right.
Black and white.
In fact, that's what made the special effects right in there was the...
The fact that the time of it and it was phenomenal.
That's what it was known for was those amazing special effects.
Way to help back there in the early 30s.
For Christ's sakes.
But hey, listen, like Boeena Boy keeps saying,
Bran Stoker's Dracula with, you know, Gary Oldman.
Here's a call from Melbourne.
Hello.
Yeah, I want to know.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, how about the effect of Danny Riggs from the lethal weapon theory?
Detective what?
Danny Riggs.
Leaple weapon.
Danny Riggs.
Riggs.
Was he related to Jack Riggs that caused the races in Detroit?
I don't think so.
Okay.
Okay, got it down pal, thanks.
Thanks, Uncle Neil.
You got that down, Danny Riggs?
We do.
Never heard of it.
See what we know about movies you've put in a Thimble Act as.
Do that again.
1127 at 560 WDQM.
Balance for life is the way you want to do that again and again because you'll watch the way it pour off your body.
You'll be fully satisfied.
You'll have a smile on your foot.
And maybe for the first time in your life you'll feel like you're succeeding where you failed on all the other diets, all the other crap.
And I do mean crap because the programs where they have the little containers of stuff.
I don't want to mention neutral systems by name or Ginny Craig.
You know where they have the prefabricated food.
Forget about it.
As Donnie Brasco would say.
Get yourself some real food from balance for life.
Everything is fresh and delicious and they deliver it right to your door in a little black sack by six o'clock in the morning to your home, to your work, to your pup tent, to your massage parlour wherever you are at six o'clock in the morning.
And inside your black sack there where it all is.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, everything fresh and great tasting and good for you.
And it's all balanced out on the zone diet principles.
And you don't do anything.
You don't count calories.
You don't count the carbohydrates.
Milk cooking, no shopping, no meal preparing.
All you do is check off between two choices for each meal every day that you're on a program on the menu that they send you every week.
And that's it.
So get yourself with a real weight loss program.
Not some crazy or aggressive diet regimen.
Get yourself the weight pouring off your body and start feeling better and getting some real clothing once in a while too.
Balance for life.
Let them help you do it if you fail them all the others.
Call 954-568-3229.
954-568-3229 or visit their prestigious website for more details at balanceforlife.com.
We're supporting you 560-7000-6000.
If there's a butt, I smell it.
560-W-Q-A-M presents the O.P. and Anthony Shaw with Mo Howard David.
This is O.P.
And I'm Anthony.
Yeah, wait a minute.
It's me with a low voice.
Oh.
Yeah, you got the effect at point.
Okay.
Hi Anthony.
Yeah, hi, I hope you and let's not forget a old pal Mo Howard David.
Yeah, I was wondering how long it would take for you to punch the girl around for me.
I really hit the big time, huh?
Here I am with the O.P. on Anthony.
Am I?
What?
Take off your pants.
Yeah, we're gonna rape you now.
You cut a big cut in me.
This is a family show.
And wrong.
This is the Gopian Anthony show.
Now come on.
I thought you guys only did that in touch.
Hey, get your hands up.
Get out of there.
Get out of there.
That's what you're doing.
I'm gonna scratch my delegates on the tender.
Why does everybody want a rapey?
Why?
Because we think it's funny, that's why.
Yeah, you got a nice back.
Oh, I got loose for you, Cully.
I'm still sprying.
Why, I oughta formalize you.
I got a sense tied, O.P.
I want the red ball.
I'm not for this.
All right, my open wife, we're junkies.
Let's sing that together now, shall we?
Okay.
Open my four junkies.
All right.
That's making it, Anthony.
Okay.
Yeah, that's...
Yeah, use your lips.
Don't you...
Don't sit up.
I said no, please.
All right, ready for some spitty below.
Yeah.
You're not supposed to mean that.
Yeah.
I really saw that little bitchie right now.
I don't know.
I'm poor like him.
Yeah.
Not bad.
Okay.
Take that away, Mo.
Yeah.
Thanks.
What?
You're just going to leave me here.
We'll be right back.
Okay.
See, I didn't forget to accept that off there, you notice?
Yeah, I noticed.
1134, 26, Tullo, 560, WDQM.
Jack Nicholson's Jack Torrance in the Shining.
Till this day, I never knew what the name of that character was.
At least I'd forgotten it.
Did you know the name?
Sure.
Okay, smart ass.
Oh, my Jack.
I liked the movie.
I thought a bunch of times.
My favorite movie says Hector, Tarzan, Wajani, Weissmutter.
I think he just wants him to throw him to the loins.
We're not putting that down.
Tarzan.
I put it down anyway, Tarzan.
Probably got a lot of food cakes out there vote for that, including Hector.
Inspector Clousseau, 31, Sean Connerty, James Bond, 23.
In fact, just to prove a point.
Let me go down the list.
Let me just scroll.
We got almost 200 votes on there already.
What shocks the Hottomi.
And Roger Moore's got two.
You following?
You see the difference?
We're not arguing the same point.
Sean Connerty, 23, and Roger Moore, two.
Because when people think of the character James Bond, they think of Sean Connerty.
Not Roger Moore.
Right.
Roger Moore, they think of he was the saint.
Remember the saint?
That's who he is.
Yeah.
John Corleone, 11.
And the reason that John Corleone didn't do a better than that is because in the Godfather,
there were so many great performances and great characters that it divides it up.
For example, Michael Corleone, he's got eight.
You see?
See how it gets divided down?
How about Frank Clemens'?
Clemens, I have any votes?
I'm looking.
Is he even on there?
Clemens?
Yeah.
He's got to see.
He's got to appear.
So you put those all together and he'd be right in the running Godfather.
But there's just too many great characters in there.
How about Howard Beale?
How's Howard Beale doing?
That's got my vote.
He's probably got one.
Dude, there's so damn many on here.
There's like a million.
But third man.
I can't even get him there.
He's got what?
He got one.
I need to bet considering this crowd.
But Inspector Clousseau so far is leading the pack.
He's at the head of this pack, which I think makes a lot of sense.
That's what Rich Packter said.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Paul Hokey.
Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
How about the character that Bill Bothore and Blade and Swing Blade?
And what character was that?
I can't remember.
What character was that, George?
Carl.
We were all personally put on there.
He's got three votes.
He's got three votes.
Okay.
He's on there, Polly.
I'll see if that Diner and Poohke were there.
Got that good sherry pie.
56670.
I don't know how Poohkey has grown over the years.
You know, Poohke and Amokhaly.
It grew.
Not Amokhaly.
What's the other one?
Oh, Kichobi.
They're side by each.
When I was working at WJN-1975, 28 long, and I was almost at third man.
I was broadcasting in the high school basketball.
We had a game where I forget what school it was.
Sunset, the high, something in West Palm.
They were playing a football game, actually, it was.
They were playing a team in Poohke.
And we drove up to Poohkey and in the middle of town it was like a little Diner.
That was it.
That was the only restaurant in town in Poohkey.
It was this Diner.
And they had frozen-cherry pie.
In fact, whenever there was like the first ice storm on a planet,
that's when that pie was frozen.
It was sure special.
Even a lot more special than that corn and deliverance guarantee you that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a 18.
It ever been to a Poohke?
I've been a bi-line.
Don't stop.
Okay.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I'm doing good.
Okay.
I got one for you.
I passed out to Gerald Patton.
General Patton's good?
Yes.
George East Scott?
George East Scott.
Now, is that the one you like?
Did you like George East Scott better than the one where Pinkie Lee played him?
No, no, not exactly.
Okay.
He likes to be a George East Scott.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, see?
You wouldn't know from Pinkie Lee.
Boca-Briang got a charge out of that, though.
That was cute.
Pound 5, 60 on a 18.
T and T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Inspector Cluso 37, Sean Connery, James Bond, 26.
Don Corleone, 13.
Gunnery Sergeant Harman from Fullwell, Metal Jacket, 12.
And 20 Montana's Got 10.
Here's for a lot of deal.
Hello.
Neil, how you doing today?
Great.
First of all, don't stop making fun of Moe and that little easel.
Anyway.
Now, let me ask you this.
What do you think?
Do you know who Scott Forell is?
Have you ever heard him?
No.
Who is it?
Oh.
So it could only be an improvement is what you're saying.
Exactly.
The room around here is that it starts Monday.
Listen, how about Samuel Jackson and Paul Fiction, the gangster?
No, it was character.
Is it character have a name?
Yeah.
I know it.
I, George knows it.
What is your favorite?
He's just got a favorite.
He doesn't know it.
Yep.
So we got to put that on.
Well, that's the character's name, George.
It's Jewels.
Jewels.
Jewels.
Jewels.
Jewels.
Absolutely.
I think that's going to get about 100 votes as soon as you put it on there.
Now, is that J-U-L-E-S or J-E-W-L-E-S?
J-U-L-E-S.
Yeah, I'm Ellie.
Just, okay.
Thanks a lot, Polly.
Thank you.
John in Port St. Lucie says, I was thinking maybe it was as in family.
When I opened Windows Media Play to listen to you, they're pushing a music video by a little moe any relation.
What?
Also, strange bedfellows.
The NRA is also fighting the FCC changes because they're afraid of CBS and Disney.
I guess Murdoch and Cheap Channel don't ponder enough to the NRA.
They're not even happy with a bushmeister because we assault weapon band that he refuses.
He says that he's going to like if they try to discontinue it, he's going to do everything in his power to like extend it.
And the NRA said, oh no, and Tom Delay, who's chased all those Democrats out of the Texas legislature across the Oklahoma border.
He's also the one that's screaming the older one.
Oh no, oh no.
I cannot believe that you sent me this fact.
I can.
And talk about my psychic powers.
We were talking about Chronic's this morning before the show, George and I.
And what did I say to you?
Who did I mention?
I used this person as the example.
That's why I was sure to forward it without Delay.
As the prime example of what Chronic's are all about.
Chronic cars and Chronic faxes, ladies and gentlemen.
They are sick, sick, desperate people.
I still say that each and every one of these people were going to tattoo it on their foreheads and sets it in an America right now.
I have no life.
That's it. That's all you need to know.
I have no life.
Right. Chronic's Chronic talk show callers, Chronic talk show faxers.
And they're the death nail by the way of talk radio.
That's one of the things that I mean why should they even have to say it?
It would somebody says, how can surprise you didn't say that?
Well, I already got my.
This is our guy in Cleveland says it would Johnny Depp was great.
Now, well, we shall let's put down it would.
I was that Johnny Depp version was at the P.B. Herman one.
19 till new.
I'm delighted to see that Bella LaGrosse is moved ahead.
That'll be where the battle will lie now.
You know, just just for the hell of it.
Because I said one thing and then Venus said the other.
Dracula, Bella LaGrosse's got four.
And I think the other one's got two.
The Gary Oldman has got a pair.
So I moved ahead of you.
How do you like that?
Just like I said in the facts.
What?
They don't know what they're talking about.
You know, I think Raymond had a good point when he spoke to you yesterday.
I think he made an excellent point.
You better be on your best behavior if you know what's good for you.
If you want that three and a quarter an hour.
18 till noon at QAM if your ball spot is growing by the minute.
A hell of a lot faster than your paycheck.
Here's the answer for you.
Get your hair back at a very reasonable price for my good buddy, check out the eerie.
Even a millionaires go to Charlie, even though his price is very reasonable.
Because no matter how much money they spend, they can't get a better looking head of hair than with Charlie's natural hairline system.
It's using the latest technology to make you look better and younger than you guys ever dreamed you could again.
That's why Charlie's been around damn near.
You know how many years he's been in business by now?
I would say close to it.
Pretty close to it.
And be sure to mention the arages when you call make your appointment with the Alphairry Studios.
Because they'll knock an extra 200 bucks off the regular price when you mention my name.
So the choices yours.
They said you pills to get your hair to grow back and don't work.
They said it was mostly looking muskrats like moewears.
I mean forget about that.
It's a joke.
If you want a real great looking head of hair, there's only one guy can give it to you.
And that's Chuck Alphairry.
Call him tool free.
There's no obligation.
They give you a free consultation.
They'll sit you down and actually show you how much better and younger they can help you guys look.
Save it by to your ball spot once and for all.
Call 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413.
Or log onto their website at CharlesAlphairry.com.
See you Monday and Law.
This is sports 20 or faster than the QAM.
They're dick in the White House.
This old man dick Jamie.
He had an G.O. Bastie.
Had a heart attack.
Had a whack.
Got him a full stone.
Next time he's not coming home.
Hey, is the delight track?
What's going on with this time with the president?
Oh, yeah.
This knit went his name's Bush.
He's a hamproider in the Tush.
He picked a guy who would die.
So he'd be alone.
There's nothing in his empty zone.
All right.
4K, 560.
WMDQ on the Mad Dog coming up at 1 o'clock.
Our big noon to 1 comedy bits are from 12 to 1.
A fletch.
Greatest movie character in the history of American film fletch says Richard Crenium.
Got it?
Got it.
Mad Max.
Mel Gibson.
It says you have to love this guy.
Lovely in the movie 2.
Mel Gibson.
Can't stand Mel Gibson but we'll put it on there.
Mad Max.
Right.
And I'll give you this facts.
Rhymes with Max.
I don't even know.
I don't know what to do with scream or peel my banana.
You know?
Because actually the facts make sense.
But it's just such a classic example of what I tell you about there.
These people will never ever leave.
They threaten you, piss us off.
You hate us, you're your asshole.
And they just never will leave.
They will never ever ever.
You know the crowd that I'm talking about.
You know the ones?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, he's the pivot man.
Yeah.
When they hold their meat.
At Denny's.
He's the pivot man.
I'm not going to read it.
I'm not going to read it because if I do it I'll encourage him and it'll be all over the place.
So he encouraged me to watch a year ago or two years ago a Requiem for a Dream.
But you see if I would have watched it then I wouldn't have watched it here recently.
We wouldn't be talking about it now.
I've talked about it a long time ago with you.
I didn't bring it up again.
Of course, why the hell would you since I hadn't seen it at that point?
Now that I've seen it now it's worth the talking about.
And again, that's from my perspective.
Because that's the only way I can see life is through my perspective.
No, not through yours.
Certainly not through a Bina Boy with his damn pony Dracula movie.
See how anybody could say that and you know he's only doing that to aggravate.
You know that.
No.
Because there's no way that anybody would say that Bram Stoker is Dracula.
The Gary Olden version is better than the original.
And what's the Gary Olden version?
I wouldn't watch it.
But it is in my story.
It's in all the video stories.
I could get the DVD but what I waste my time doing that.
There's no way I could possibly like it.
Don't you understand?
Peter Cushing.
There's like a Zid in different people that have played Dracula.
There's only one Dracula to me and that's Bellagosi.
Okay.
That's why you have to look at wood.
Okay fine.
I'm delighted to watch it.
Would if I give my hands on it.
I'm Johnny Depp.
I'm Johnny Depp's wood.
But short of that I'm not going to be watching.
I know more Dracula's.
Okay that's it.
But you enjoy it, Bener.
You have a good time with it.
5667-0560-0.560 on a AT&T line.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hey, yeah.
Yes sir.
Remember when we were kids, those old Joe Poluka movies?
Yeah.
Yeah, Joe.
And his manager, Nabi Walsh.
Yeah.
Now do you remember who played those parts?
I have no idea.
Okay.
I'll refresh you.
Remember Joe Kirkwood, Jr.?
No.
I'm Leon Arrow.
You can find it.
Great.
Okay well thanks for the news and put the pilot in back into glass.
5667-0560-0.560.
I mean there's a guy that makes me seem like a teenager.
Okay.
Of course I'm forgetting where the calls are coming from.
How come what's your name?
Sarah Goldfarb don't have any votes at last.
When I peaked at this last time, they haven't seen it.
Oh.
And that's what your buddy Greg was fashing about.
Right.
About that movie, about Requiem for Dream.
Don't forget 10 o'clock tonight on independent film channel.
IFC.
Does she have any votes?
Ratsal Rizzo's only got a pair.
Sarah Goldfarb has the big.
Oh my god.
But she's going to be on television.
More reason than one.
That's right.
I'm going to be on television.
We got a winner.
I mean.
I'm sorry.
There's just something wrong with the world.
In case you haven't noticed, in case somebody hasn't pointed you in that direction, there's
something generally wrong, which is why so many people lead to McDonald's, so many even worse people
lead at Burger King because they like the taste of rubber in their mouth, which I got a lot of good lines for that.
So let's say we got general patent, we got jewels, we got detective Martin Riggs, dark helmet,
uh, red butler.
And those are the most reason ones that I wrote down.
Josie Wales isn't Josie Wales also already on there?
Yes.
Amen.
Goat.
Amen.
What is that?
Amen get.
He's the common dot from the concentration camp in Schindler's list.
Oh, great.
Oh, great.
Oh, great.
I will not watch that.
I will not watch that.
I know.
Okay.
I'm not watching no more Jew movies.
He was great.
And Vito Corleone.
You got Vito Corleone is under a dog.
I'm the common on there.
Sure.
I'm going to get.
What does that mean?
Good.
Anything he wants because he's the common dot.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on a AT and T.
Don't forget that big thing of Tres Rhyl and 5, 7, 7, and 7, 0.
You won't forget it.
I'm getting there early.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
I don't know if this will count.
How about the Hanson Brothers from Slap Shop?
No, you're right.
It doesn't count.
Thank you.
Well, no, I mean, what would anybody put that down there?
First of all, I mean that movie is just so grotesque and unacceptable.
And even if the movie I hated, but it's like a bunch of goofballs.
We're looking for one goofball, OK?
Well, he said he didn't think it was going to count and he was right.
Nice going, sir.
Here's Tampa.
Hello.
Do you have Hannibal left or on your list?
I do.
We better have.
Yes, we do.
That's great because you remember his text phrase.
What did I review to you, Neil?
Oh, you should take it off the way.
You see, all I have to do is mention Chronic and here they all come.
Get this man some of hell.
Get him a life.
And you notice what line he was on?
Right.
Just mention it in passing, OK?
Yeah.
I mentioned that in case Benderboy was taking over that which I ducked because he's got so many other important tasks to attend to at the moment.
He's multitasking.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a gate TNT and Verizon line.
You're all time favorite character from the movies.
Oh, Bush is seeking newer and smaller nuclear bombs.
I'm sure you're excited about that.
I'm telling you.
A dozen years after the Cold War's close, Ray thopes for an end of nuclear threat, the Bush administration is embarking on a quest for a new generation of nuclear bombs that are smaller, less powerful than the Pentagon might actually use in battle.
All right.
Let's nuke everybody.
In the administration's view, the frightening size of Cold War strategic nuclear weapons, the ministers, they're different, they're deterrent value today.
Nobody believes the U.S. would use them against the smaller foe as a result they argue.
The U.S. needs the option of smaller nuclear weapons to deter the terrorist groups in rogue states, such as North Korea that are today's foremost dangers.
And of course, when we have these terrorist acts going on in Chechnya and in Riyadh, I guess we just say, hey, all new Saudis over there, you better watch it.
We're just going to use the small nukes.
The only problem is where do we drop them?
You know what I'm saying?
Wherever we want.
Wherever we want.
That's right.
We're going to show you a thing or two because you're either with us or against us.
There's the good guys and the bad guys.
The new can't appoint, baby.
There's the good guys on the one side, which is us.
And then there's the bad guys, which is everybody else.
Got it?
Got it.
And this seems to be appealing very largely to the Macho mentality of America, especially the WASP audience out there.
They like that.
Makes them like swell.
Makes their penis swell up to like even better than Viagra.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Sunny Isles.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Anyone mentioned McCulley Copen?
What's his name?
McCulley Copen in Home Alone?
I sure hope not.
But that one I know he's a great character.
Get out of here.
Okay.
That mic protection.
Do you want to voice?
Do not put McCulley Copen on there.
What's your name in that movie?
We don't know.
We don't want to know.
We don't want to know.
Wasn't he also in happening?
Happiness?
Don't forget, by the way, you can't find happiness in South Florida.
But you can order it online.
But you can't order happiness online.
Wouldn't that be great?
Oh.
Yeah.
It shows up in the mail on the gigantic container and just open it up and big smile goes on your face.
Happiness.
They probably steal it at the post office.
They probably go ballistic.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T or did I say go postal and Verizon Wireless Line?
Here's the lady in Voka.
Hello.
Yeah.
Hi.
What about Christopher Walken in the community?
It's probably by the aliens.
Basically he's getting a high colonic in my view.
That is to make it even a great movie.
Catch me if you can.
Back to.
What was the name of the character?
In the community.
In whatever you said in the beginning.
In the community.
Christopher Walken.
No, that's not the character.
That's his name.
Oh, I don't know his name.
He's a writer in the movie.
Okay, thanks.
The writer.
The writer.
Okay, let's put down a writer showing.
No.
Inspector Cluso 47, Sean Connery, James Bond 30, Don Coyote 15, Gunnery Sargent, Harman 14,
Hannibal Lecter and Tony Montana, each have 13.
Michael Corleone 12, Darth Vader 11, and after that it's like single digits.
Carl Spackler, Caddyshack had nine.
I just mentioned that in passing.
And Forest Dump had eight.
See, when Forest Dump kids eight votes at that point, I just say, forget about it.
Right?
Forget about it.
I'd like to all use.
I'd like to all use guys.
You'll need it.
Forest Dump.
1157, because life is like that.
Like that kind of.
How I'll tell you if your carpets are kind of like that.
Here's the answer for you.
I've been using dry concepts for over 20 excruciating long years.
I've been using dry concepts in my house and they do a spectacular job, especially the last 14 years of that period of time,
because I had those dogs and man.
Do they leave a mess?
Or what?
I mean, you know, they mean well or they meant well, past tense.
But they didn't always do do well.
And as a result, you have to have those carpets cleaned every now.
And that's why every year I'd have dry concepts come in when they leave.
The carpets look and smell and feel lemony, freshness like brand new.
And they'll do the same for you.
And not only your carpeting, but your drapes, your expensive area rugs, your oriental rugs, your leather furniture, your pulse free, all of these things.
And also if you have problem with pet odors and milder odors, caused by water damage, it'll be no problem when they wave their magic wand and do this spectacular job.
And they punk a magic twanger and make them all look just like brand new with dry concepts.
Not BS, but they actually do a spectacular job and give you a written guaranteed price before they start to work.
No rip offs, no tack ons, just a great job at a fair price every time.
Call the professionals at dry concepts toll free 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071 or can log on to their website if you like at dryconcepts.com.
And with dry concepts, it'd be the truth.
You can clean today and you can entertain tonight.
My, my and local, we're sports radio five-sixys, you and you AM.
Well, how it ended, David?
The only thing funny and then rape of it is that pipe smoke is 12 or 1 hour.
The, the, the, the.
The, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the
The, the, the, the, the, the, the, where the, the, where the, where the, the, where the, I, where the,
Oh!
Well, make all your perverted caracters liberal these centers!
Okay.
Because, Mr. Henry, you're really a dummy.
Alright.
We put a retarded girl in our old whom she'd be shated to show you how well it drives.
We were in the woods.
We were in the woods.
We were in the woods.
We were in the woods.
Our agency thought this would move some product out of the showroom.
Look at her go.
This is funnier than watching retires at the park.
If someone had severely retarded, you'd have that much fun in an empty place.
Please, let's read more of this.
She's having a double-edged beer!
Okay, watch out for this.
Oh!
Much better!
The most advanced reason to be always my friend is
experiencing this Congratulations to be respected!
Idemon!
Um, eh, Imile?
Bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow
Bow, bow, bow, bow, bow, bow
I am woman, watch me go, this grandma nation tees me all.
And it's time for me to go play with the man.
With my driver I sent all and I play with my own board.
And I won't go back to the LPGA again.
Oh yes, I am good, so stop saying that I'm not.
And bring contiguer wolves.
I just hope I make the cut.
I wear short pants and I can really swing.
I'm not wrong, wrong.
I am anico, she's anico, I am woman.
She's anico, I am woman.
I am anico, she don't must go.
No war, says Cheryl Crow.
Summer rikes will die, so we better not go.
Shout out to the fish, because bad days will blow.
Cheryl Crow is a stupid bitch.
She's a burnt-up big mouth.
Cheryl Crow is a worn-out hide.
Just shake it in by the wall.
Cheryl Crow is a white-headed hoe.
Yeah.
To the village loser, every day you can hear her whine.
I wish somebody could show her.
Uh-oh.
We're larm and Jerry Paul will on the right hand of God.
And when I woke up today, I put my TV on and instead of happily.
Or CNN, I saw purple creature with a gay sign on his head.
It wasn't upside down, try angle purple, thinky-winky.
Upside down, try angle purple, thinky-winky.
Upside down, try angle purple, thinky-winky.
Hey, tell it, dubbing.
Well, just when I thought things couldn't get work.
I noticed he was carrying a little purse now.
How can they call this a children's show?
I'm gonna be purple, but I have a brown hole.
He has an upside down, try angle purple, thinky-winky.
Upside down, try angle purple, thinky-winky.
I'd love to drink your balls.
Hey, purple, thinky-winky.
Hey, tell it, tell it.
We're almost about Christian punks as hard to believe.
But on the tell it, tell it, tell it, he's tummy is a TV screen.
It had a purple penis pointing straight at me.
That was blowing an eye through the hole in the face.
Oh, my thinking.
All right, let's play who wants to be a millionaire.
Puff Daddy, sitting in the chair, I'll call you Puffy.
Yo, yo, man, yo, yo.
Are you ready?
Yeah.
Here's your $100 question.
Finish this nursery rhyme.
All right.
Hickory, dickory, blank.
Is it A-Doc, B-Pier, C-Marina, or D-Inlet?
Whoa, man.
Is this $100 question right here?
You're kidding me, right?
It's $100.
For $100.
This ain't the million dollar question.
This is the first one.
Hey.
It's only for $100.
Is this a black thing?
Would you like to use a life line?
Yeah, all right.
What do I got?
What do I got?
Well, we have the ask the audience, the $50.50 and the phone of friend.
Ask your audience.
Now, how many white people in here?
They're $50.50 and they'll help me.
Oh, you know, I'm going to phone a friend.
Got a phone of friend on the $100 question finishing the nursery rhyme.
Yeah.
All right, who are we going to call, Puffy?
Oh, my boy.
Old dirty bastard.
Old dirty bastard.
Yeah, dirty, we're calm.
Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line and hopefully he can help you.
Yo.
Old dirty.
Yeah, man.
Regis Filman from who wants to be a millionaire.
How are you?
I got your friend here, Puff Daddy.
Go dirty, what's up?
What's up?
What's up?
What's up?
What's up?
What's up?
All right, all right.
Old dirty?
Uh, Puff Daddy's in a little bit.
A little bit of trouble here on the $100 question.
Hey, the first time, man.
First question and the next voice you hear will be his.
He'll come on the line.
He'll ask you the question.
They'll give you four possible choices.
Are you set?
Hey, man.
Next voice you hear will be his and 30 seconds begins now.
What's up?
Your dirty fish is all for me, all right?
Hey, man.
Hickory, dickory, blank.
Is it A?
Doc?
B?
Pia?
C?
Moreno?
Or D?
Italy.
Oh, oh.
Come on, man.
I don't got much time.
Man, I know this.
Man, I know it.
I see it's Pia.
Pia, you sure?
About 30, man.
Listen, a lot of money, man.
About 30.
All right, man.
Thank you very much.
Hey, man.
Times up, uh, old dirty said Pia.
Whew.
You still have two lifelines left.
We are on the $100 question.
You know what, Regis?
Wanna pull the audience?
No, I like to add a lifeline.
I actually know there's only three lifelines
of yours, one you have two left.
No, no, no.
I get another lifeline.
It's a brand new one to the game.
And, uh, what is that, Puffy?
It's called Shoot the Host.
Puffy, you can ask the audience.
I call it Shoot the Host.
Puffy, use the 50-50.
What's the answer?
Puffy, it's Doc.
It's A.
It's Doc.
My final answer is Doc.
It's Doc.
And it's a good one.
You got a $100.
Run, you run, you run, you run!
Run, shoot it, run, shoot it, run, shoot it!
Good news, Sarah Goldfarb got a vote.
Oh!
Isn't that great?
I feel better now.
Especially since he's gonna be on television.
Oh, and just so people know, I've unplugged the facts machine.
Why is that?
Oh, because it just isn't stopping.
Multiple, multiple pages of things that we already have in editions that, uh, you know,
I would take note of it.
Yeah, leave us alone, okay?
It's our Wednesday rest hour, all right?
Leave us alone.
All time favorite character from the movies Inspector Clousse O52, he's the way ahead of the
pack.
Sean Connery's James Bond 34, uh, Gunnery Sergeant Hartman, Full Metal Jacket 17, Don Corleone,
16.
Dirty Harry Callahan, 15, 20 Montana, 14, Hannibal Lecter, 14, Michael Corleone, 14, Darth
Vader, 13, how are you doing the ones in double digits?
Uh, Darth Vader, 13, Carl Spackler, or Caddy Shack, 11 and 4, scumped 10.
I lied, I gotta give you Roger Moore and, uh, James Bond 9.
That's depressing, you know.
I mean, Roger Moore's okay, but he, you know, all of, he is, uh, at least under 100.
Okay, as opposed to Sean Connery, who's a little on the, uh, ancient side?
From it, it's past, nobody is craggy, you know?
He's that real great looking, sex symbol, Sean Connery, but all real men would like to
be like Sean Connery, they'd like to look just like that, you know, be real virile.
I'd rather be, uh, Tom Brady myself.
You know, talk is cheap, it's easy to throw on a lot of really appealing low numbers,
but when it comes right down to it and on it, what can you really get refinanced at?
5%, 4%, how about 2.45% with financial group?
That's right.
With interest rates of only 2.45% it really is your best bet and it's rock solid too.
So call financial group this moment at 1-800-940-Lend, 1-800-940-L-E-N-D,
interest rates are at all time lows.
So why not refinance your home or even buy a new home and take advantage of a sure thing?
2.45% financing with financial group and what will 2.45% do to those monthly payments?
Bring them down to like a jitter laughable amount.
If you have a $200,000 loan, you pay only $786 a month.
If you have a $100,000 loan, your payments are only $393 a month.
Even George could afford that, maybe.
You get 2.45% financing from financial group called 1-800-940-Lend.
That's financial group 1-800-940-L-E-N-D, the Reniqual Housing Lender,
Credit Restrictions Applying rates are subject to change monthly, 5.34 APR.
Buy, Buy, And Look All.
This is 4.2560-Lend.
Wait, 2A-M.
Stop smart!
Stop like everybody says,
Stop smart, and I want to spend!
You turn back in the day when someone done us wrong.
We didn't take their crap.
Imperial Harbour, or when the jabs dropped their bombs,
We bombed them back, and now the Saudis, they hit us hard.
And on our cards, our little flags wave.
As that Saudi-loving retard points the bombers the wrong way.
The Americans, where they follow goals like cheese,
The United States of Americans, led by Bush and his family,
Revealing at this country, up, handling tors with our gestation, I used to be.
I don't want to be a tax-american.
In the goddamn USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives?
Stop living at the best.
If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They train us to believe.
And anyone who says that, obviously, ends up for to be.
And I'm embarrassed to be an American, where we pay triologically.
Wave a flag in one hand, with our head in the sand, and blindly follow the powers that be.
Appathetic, fuck up, washing state for news on a 65-inch screen.
Scratch your balls and find everything's okay.
In the goddamn USA.
We don't want America.
Oh, we're fine.
We're in the lab.
We're in the lab.
We're in the lab.
I have this movie, okay.
I smoke two joints.
Alright.
Its time to be astuminatime of war!
Are you?
Spare us a breakthrough.
Vadeff, fuck us up.
You call that a penis?
Err.
Oh my daddy was told me so you see all working man.
And for my wife he was told me so you should be better than him.
So then one day I met Emma scared to meet a day.
All right.
Hardwood food and hardwood fine.
Just take care of him.
That's why I hope to learn in the morning.
I hope to learn tonight.
I hope to learn in the afternoon.
It makes me feel alright.
I hope to learn in time of dreams.
And doing time for.
I hope to learn in time for the joy.
And then I hope to most.
All to joy.
That's what I do.
All to joy.
So there's hope to learn with me every morning.
All to joy.
So there's hope to learn with me every afternoon.
All to joy.
And with his other clothes, he comes and will bother me a whole more.
All to joy.
And we were gonna say that.
All to joy.
All to joy.
All to joy.
That's what I do.
All to joy.
All to joy.
I want to give you a kiss.
Okay.
Well, I was driving down 995 the other night.
Somebody nearly cuffed me right off the road.
I decided wasn't gonna do any good to get mad.
I wrote a song about it.
And I'm gonna stand.
And those like this.
Where she born an asshole.
Or did you work in your whole life?
Uh-huh.
Either way it worked out fine.
Because you're an asshole tonight.
Is your name?
S-S-S-H-O-L-E.
Okay.
And don't you try to blame this on me.
You deserve all the credit.
You're an asshole tonight.
You were an asshole yesterday.
You're an asshole tonight.
I've got a feeling.
You're an asshole the rest of your life.
I was talking to your mother.
Just the other night.
I told her I parked you an asshole.
She said yes.
I think you're right.
And all your friends are asshole.
Because you know that you're whole life.
And somebody told me you've got an asshole for a life.
Yeah.
Where you born an asshole.
Or did you work in your whole life?
Either way it worked out fine.
Because you're an asshole tonight.
I'm looking at an inspector, Klusso,
which is number one on our thing.
Yeah.
Did we have that spelled right?
No.
No.
It's CLOU.
I mean, when you consider it's the number one choice on the pool.
I've got to get you a bunch of botanists.
It's CLOU, S-E-A-U.
Well, whatever it is.
Okay.
Get it right.
Get it right, Eric.
I'm going to be in a poor way with that.
Did you do that?
Probably.
That sounds like the way I spelled it.
Yeah, that's where you was born.
Because you wanted to why?
Because you're clueless.
26th pass noon.
How's that pool coming?
We got a whole bunch of votes.
300 and some odd.
Inspector Klusso got 55.
Favorite character all the time from the movies.
James Bond, John Carrey 40.
He's the definitive 30 Harry Callahan 15.
I mean, 19.
Tom Coyleon 18.
I'm Hanel Vlector 18.
Nobody can touch Inspector Klusso.
My favorite one was the one where he was in the toilet on the airplane.
Yeah, broken with a broken leg.
27th pass noon at 560 WQYM.
Hey, if you're in a dead end job, there's something you can do about it.
And then just pick up the phone and call our good friends at Fast Train Tool 3.
1, 866 Fast Train.
That could be one of the most important calls you'll ever make because it could change your life.
You can get out of your dead end job.
You can get yourself trained for a new high-paying computer job.
And don't forget, computer professionals are a higher demand than ever before right now, as I speak.
So call Fast Train today.
Say goodbye to your dead end job and an asshole boss.
Call Tool 3, 1, 866 Fast Train.
And they offer convenient day evening weekend classes and they can even easier for you.
They have locations all over town.
So there's bound to be one convenient to where you live.
You'll find Fast Train in Miami in Kendall, Pember Pines in Fort Lauderdale.
And you can check them out on the web if you like at Fast Train.com.
Call them today.
There's no obligation they'll split it to you.
And in just for sure, it's much you can be trained for a new high-paying computer job.
1, 866 Fast Train.
Don't forget to go to Fast Train.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker while it's still in fashion.
Call Fast Train today.
It's hole free.
1, 866 Fast Train.
My name is Michael and local.
This is Sports Radio 560.
You ain't who I am.
Oh, green.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
Start a who sings a mother f***er.
Oh!
Start a who sings a mother f***er.
Start a who sings a mother f***er.
Start a who sings a mother f***er.
I racked the crappy little contract.
I was like the mustache on a space.
Just get rid of that.
Go ahead and grab your ice and jump off, and blow up the whole God damn place.
Start a siege of mother f***er.
Start a who sings a mother f***er.
Start a who sings a mother f****er.
Yeah, I don't want to change the mother fucker, what?
I, I don't want to change the mother fucker
I don't want to change the mother fucker
I don't want to change the mother fucker
I don't want to change the mother fucker
Where am I?
Look at jeans that won't stay on
Hair is blonde, shake my fun and I turn guys off
But there's a place where all the guys can hide it
I can make guys grow right behind their stairs
I can make guys grow with my mind and booty
That's where they are done blows
Cause I'm such a beauty, it's one of those things I worry for
Be it such a beggar or I can make you grow
With my mind and booty, that's where they are done
Cause I'm such a beauty, it's one of the things I worry for
Be it such a beggar or be it such a beggar
You love Shakira's tongue, she isn't but you're neat, you're close
Oh, the middle is dark love, that's near in my story
There's a middle, I'm strong
And now you'll love her new album Shakira sings other people's hits
I can't cover you, I'm more than you
Oh, I'm more than you
She already made music history by recording her first English language album
And now she's taking her art form to the next level
By re-recording songs that were already hits in English
Only this time they're in English again
Shakira sings other people's hits
Shakira sings other people's hits
If you really, really like Shakira's CD, laundry service
Then you'll really, really, really like her new CD
Shakira sings other people's hits
No denemos en espaol en estos momentos
Olympic ice cupades, man, it's such a dirty trait
Tonja tries to win
She was second best and it hurt her
So, uh-oh, oh, oh
Nancy Carrigan, the bitch was gonna win again
Tonja blocks revenge
Highest out a henchman
Oh, oh, oh, oh
That's Nancy K was leaving ring
She's knocked up from behind
Bang, bang, tonja silver hammer came down upon her knee
Bang, bang, tonja silver hammer made sure
Oh, a victory
Olympic middle round Tonja is an ugly ground
Pull her every move
She can't find her groove
She's off balance
Oh, oh, oh, oh
She foregoes the plan
Makes her way into the stand murder on her mind
She has never minded a challenge
Oh, oh, oh, oh
The crowd they make a break for the door
But it's too late to run
Bang, bang, tonja silver hammer
You're smashing in the head
She will not leave Lil' amateur level on Wednesday
Tonja's at the Polygate
St. Pete checks his book
He gives her a look and he tells her
Oh, oh, oh, oh
She claims she's in a zone
Laces up and throws a 50 turnity on the line
This guy's out of line
And he's got to go, oh, oh, oh
As St. Pete was turning a page
Tonja took her hand
Bang, bang, tonja silver hammer rang
And St. Pete's bell
But space can't kill no saints
Who never meant she would sleep to hell
Oh, right
Bang, bang, bang
What's the matter with Lesby and golfers?
Can't you tell we really love hit new malls?
The only thing that separates us from the men
Is the country clubs bathroom stalls
And when my girlfriend is all so claddy
She's the fair one on the books
She called me dirty
Must die that five-tuney taco
Oh, right, it's still ladies golf to me
My favorite whole it doesn't have any number
A green or a fairway
Don't threaten me cause I'm a snapper lapper
I play golf and I'm gay
I'm a skinny Tom got caught in clubhouse
Let me go, fit the only time we dug out
I'm gay, let's play LPG
And still ladies golf to me
And right as this grey chick sit on my face
And still ladies golf to me
Welcome
21-1 at 560 WQM
It's our big Wednesday extravagant
You know this is one of the best ideas I ever fell into
Yeah
No two thing?
Are you kidding me?
I mean just a great buffer
You know everybody needs a buffer
Like a good break in the middle of the week
Anyway we've got 75 million votes
So it's your favorite all-time character
We still have it spelled wrong I should point out
Don't fight here too much
He's probably in the middle of a couple of launches
What?
It is spelled wrong
I already sent him something to change it
Inspector Clueso 56 James Von Chong
Cardi-44 Hannibal Lecter 23
Gunnery Sergeant Hartman
Full of medals, jacket 23
30 Harry Hallahan
And I'm Croylon 21
Garth Vater 16
20 Montana 15
Michael Croylon A 15
Carl Spackler from Candy Shack 14
And the only other one in double digits
Is unfortunately forest
Dump Dump Dump
I want to tell you about something really good
For it's called Oliomit
I've been telling you about these for a long time for a coupons age
Oliomit Soft Shells contain the finest olive oil you'll find even with a search party
It's not just ordinary olive oil but it's super concentrated
And along with that it's loaded with all kinds of health benefits
Good stuff in there
Oliomit in your post every day can produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol
Plus now there are 14 different Oliomit formulas you can choose from
Each one combining the best olive oil on a planet
With vitamins, minerals and herbals to support specific health needs
From your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system
You just pick out the formulas that are right for you
And now there are three brand new Oliomit formulas
One to help you sleep, one to help you control that weight
And sell Q10 for your heart
Pick up some today just about wherever you're doing your shopping
Pick up Oliomitted Publix
Echards, Walgreens, Whole Food, Markets
Navarro's and Sadano's are ordering online if you like it
OliomittedAmerica.com
If you want more info call their toll free number and ask away
1-866 Oliomit
That's 1-866-6536-3633
And don't forget to want to start feeling better
Pop some Oliomit in your post today
5-6-6-6-536
The radio is on your phone
Q-A-N
It's day!
If I am the town!
At 5-6-0 WQ-A-N
This is the sign I use to say to Robbie with dark
And I use the same name as the name of the town
And now they're calling it Pro Player Park
Cause Root of the Loom
Said it's time for a change
The new rules are you have to show up in your underwear
And no one ugly is allowed in there
So you'll have lots of fun
Checking out those fun
Finds it for flying down
So I can get my picks up
When the game is over tight
Just like my Root of the Loom back around
Over my bolding mouth
Now you can see a lot more at the game
Since everybody is understead the same
And you can look around
To see what's hanging down
This is paradise now
I never realized that the good of what feel
Being glad in my cocky chest of football feels
Mr. Robbie is gone
And now it's VD Park
Yeah!
Yeah!
It's time to fly man
I'm gonna start on this soon
I'm gonna wrap it all you are
Check out Skyline Guys
Wait down, wait down
Well, alright
Good luck
I ate an eight-and-aid at the football stadium
And met the new team mascot underwear man
Poor chicks are scared at the fun zone of above
At their title's of love
I've never realized that the good of what feel
Being glad in my cocky chest of football feels
Mr. Robbie is gone
Oh right
And now it's VD Park
Yeah!
They call it VD Park
They call it VD Park
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Oh!
Oh right
You're a fool
You're a fool
She said I was too old days
She said I was too old days
And for a week
Now she's got the hooked on these
I got it from Linda
And her cheeks were gulped up
Down
My head's spinning around and around
I've been slept for three days now
Whoa!
Bob!
Bob!
Some weight broke and give me a rage
How many drugs do I have to pay?
My hair's hollering out at if it were to be
Since I saw Linda energy
You know that my heart's been going wild
It seems like I want it now
Tilt that kill and concentration
Not to mention I'm prepared to face
She's out fiddling drugs all day
That drops away but who is your brain?
Production has been said it's okay
A physician is his name
My clothes is up now
My head's spinning around and around
I've been slept for three days now
Whoa!
Bob!
You're a fool
You're a fool
You're a fool
You're a fool
Bob!
Bob!
You're a fool
First John Edward bought his psychic powers to television
Then animal planet introduced the pet psychic
Now home and garden television has designed
on a medium of its own
The furniture psychic
Hi, I'm here with Eddie
and his lazy boy recliner
And Eddie
lazy boy is desperately trying to get a message to you
What's he trying to tell the furniture psychic?
Well he wants you to stop sitting on him after eating
Frank's and beans
HGTV's The Furniture Psychic
will help you cross over to the great upholstered beyond
This is Polly and she's brought along a special piece of furniture
Aha!
This is my favorite footstool
What is very unhappy about something?
Yeah, well it hurts his feelings when you call him a footstool Polly
He's an ottoman
Only one woman is truly at home with your home furnishes
The furniture psychic
Join us this week when I'll reveal how this floral pattern to add in court feels suffocated by Edna Greenblatt and her fondness for plastic slip covers
The furniture psychic only on HGTV
Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
Only one thing rivaled her total eclipse of the heart
And that was the total eclipse of her career
She was Bonnie Tyler
Nothing I can do
A totally eclipse of the heart
I remember as a child growing up in Wales
You couldn't keep me away from the piano
Did you say Wales?
Isn't Catherine Zita Jones from Wales?
I think so
But I...
God Lord that woman is hot
I mean even when she's pregnant you just want to do her
Yes, that's fine
No good thing
Michael Douglas could ever have a bagger if he wasn't famous
I mean come on, he's like 60 or something
Look, I thought we might discuss my work with Meatloaf songwriter Jim Steinman
Oh you f***
I'll bet sometimes while he's in bed with her, he's just lying there thinking holy s***
I have banging Catherine Zita Jones
Perhaps you'd find my contribution to the footloaf soundtrack
Worthy of your program
I'm holding off for a few days only in the night
Yeah, yeah, yeah, footloaf is great
Good for you Catherine
Bonnie
Whenever
Hey, you ever see her around? You know in Wales?
I'm not interested in Catherine Zita Jones
Oh come on, I bet even women went a piece of her
I think she hoped tremendous appeal to both sexes
Bloody hell, I'm going away now
Didn't you already do that back in 1985?
Anyway, it's a big juicy shopping went look at your business tonight
On inside to behind
251 at 560 WPM, don't forget Scott Feral for all on the radio
makes his QA and the view 7 o'clock tonight following the coma inducing
Old penis space between 3 and 7 p.m. for Hank
Hank said the Baltimore at the preteness got it and Pimico?
Yeah, Pungent his brains out
Okay, here's how the pool is coming along
We got Inspector Cluso spelled right
Oh!
Calilouille, let's hear it for us, okay?
We're a little slow
Inspector Cluso's got 60
James Bond, Sean Carrary, the definitive James Bond 46
Got a resurgent Hartman, Fullmetal Jacket, the 25
Hannibal Lecter 24, Dirty Harry Cali and 24
Don Corleone
21
Darth Vader 17, Michael Corleone 17
Corleone
20 Montana 15, Carl Spackler from Caddysheck
Has a 14 kind of embarrassing
Forest Gump has got 11, everybody else in single digits including
Including Roger Moore
A very lackluster James Bond who's gotten the eye
What I tell you?
What?
I said have a nice day
Don't forget George and the beener and Bokobrine and Miguel will be at the treasure round 5 to 7 this afternoon
I'm looking right off the Palmetto just north of the 120 seconds to be able to exit
Featuring the Super Soaker
Stephanie Evans, step by and soak it
When did the...
Watch it pop out
5 to 7 at Treasure Island this afternoon
Would drink specials in our usual low budget QAM prizes
You know the Panthers and the Heater done for the season so is college hoops
Marlins off to another really marginal start
And the dolphins don't get started for another three months
But there's still some action going on in town where you can be a winner and have a great time
Pompato Park Harnas opened for Live Harnas racing three nights a week
Wednesday Friday and Saturday first post time 717
717
And General Parking and admission is free
Did you know it was 717?
No
Here I've been saying it was 715
Come out to Pompato Park and enjoy the thrill of nighttime horse racing
And of course we got your cymbal casting for you every day 7 days a week starting at noon
Through a bright highlight harness from all across North America
Don't forget the great players lounge buffet on the fourth floor enjoy sandwich and drink and pant and space sports lounge
On the fifth floor and don't forget every Wednesday like tonight at Pompato Park is Dollar Night
For draft beer hot dogs, sodas and lots more and only a Bokka piece
Coming up this Saturday May 17 watching Wage Run of Preaknestakes from Pimico Racecourse in Maryland
Come out early and see if funny side can win a second
Like a triple crown
Earlier bird wadring starts this Friday at one preaknestakes goes off its XPM Saturday
And even a free pass performance page waiting for you for a preaknest field as well
Pompato Park all these things waiting for you a block south of Atlanta Boulevard on Powerline Road
Don't forget Wednesday like tonight Friday and Saturday live racing post time 715 or maybe 717
Friday and in the world we're sports radio 516
She way M
Get on me, take off your knee, walk, grease ball, come on, come on out on a one more
First, Marlon Brando was the godfather, then Al Pacino was godfather 2 and 3
Now get ready for the ultimate godfather, godfather 4
You're the godfather, you must help me, these are goons that are coming in the bun in my house at town
And they have to my family, maybe you could order a hit or something
Tell my hit, I tell you my hit, come it's super bad, make it seem good
You get up like a chess machine, get them gotta give it up, turn it new, get out the good foot
Make a brigad a close way, ham, ham, ham, p, p, p, ow
Godfather pointed me but you just don't look like any of the other coleanies
Cut the onion, grab the onion, macarons, fat, it's gonna be none of this, so has a soul food
Tell my children, be tough, gotta make a brigad a close way, goons goons goons
The godfather 4 is starring James Brown, the godfather of soul
He'll make you an offer, you can't understand
Alright
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dom a people guild
With the gas that we sold him, first time aggressor nation and the only one that's going
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing, forget about Korea and
The nooks there toast to Namba, right wing is drilling it over and over and to our hit
Daddy rag pass up, weapons of master's destruction
3,000 people killed, are now forgotten, let's exploit them instead
Hey there's oil to be counted, going after Saddam too
Plankato's Sama, there's no longer mention of the name in Lotton but no it seems concerned all
Humvee and complacent, believe in every word of this cartel administration
That controls us by fear through lady, unmanipulation and the right wing
Is drilling it over and over and to our hit
Daddy rag pass up, weapons of master's destruction
