S'rider you questions
They say the things are not quite right on raw street
Hello, George
The Dallas sinking low and red in the air
I was rea
But Alan Reese fans says this whole
I think I've moved since so can you
Cause my portfolio is D-O-A on raw street
On raw street
I've done a test in all my stocks on raw street
And stick the money in my stock not raw street
Not raw street
My savings will be sick but bad
I'll stop getting into the best
Because the Dallas ain't going nowhere on raw street
On raw street
The Dallas ain't going nowhere on raw street
Hello, D-O-A-M
Hello
How can I hear that echo now, George?
I guess or go ahead
How you doing, Dale? My name's Lance
And I was wanting to talk to you about your billboards
I'm in the modeling business and I have a...
Yeah, this is Reverend Jones
I don't know who he is
Yeah, how we do?
Anyway, nice year from Reverend Jones to get a start on a Friday
He's in the modeling business
What?
He couldn't even wait for the open to finish playing
Exactly
Well, he wanted to like segway off since most obviously
So whipped up about the billboards
And makes it into this thing like
Well, I'm bozo, don't you understand?
You're audience already listening!
We know that
We're giving the people who are already listening
a little heads up on where they are
Because, you know, they like the show
And of course you'd probably be talking about where yours is
to except that most of the people don't like your show
And you only got one anyway, one small one
And a billboard
With no lights on it
Right, with no lights on it
Because George and Viener Boy are up there with the ladders
turning the light, poking the lights out with their shift
But he went through that whole herniatic thing
numerous times
Then again at the end of the show I thought he was going to bust a gut
Who's going to like pop on right there at the end of the show
It's funny every other time he does it
In addition to which doesn't he always tell us he doesn't listen to the show?
And you saw how does he know I'm talking about the billboard locations
We even plug where his billboard was too
Which I noticed there's he don't care about that
See it's the idea that the people who are already listening
They're curious they want to see what they look like
It's not a question that we don't understand
That they're already listening
We do know that
Mo, I understand you're lot sharper than we are
Okay, lot sharper than our Gensu knives
We understand that, Chmendrick
But the fact of the matter is that we like to tell our people
Because they they want to see in addition to which my face is on here
Because it's like that's my face
That's why we're on radio
And another is Don I miss beautiful
No
Is Howard Stern lovely?
No
Whoever said that people on radio had faces for outside
But that doesn't mean if you have a Howard Stern billboard
His picture might not be on it
Or Don I miss who looks like a dead man
Or me who looks like whatever I look like
Who cares?
See because we're not vain
We're not trying to project something
Some phony image that some people do
I'm not going to mention no names, you know
I can't stop!
I know I can't help yourself
It's your thing
It's you
And speaking of him, speaking of Mo
If you go to the website right now or anytime
You get a chance but right now it'll be a good time
Get a good chuckle
Anybody hasn't seen it?
Go to theoranges.com right now
It's scrolled on under the pool
Which by the way, the Howard Stern people messed with our pool
Right at the end, did you see that?
Yeah, I'm love
They didn't fool us
Mad Dog wanted
All right
But at any rate, underneath the a pool result word
Since features you'll see the lovely Troy Stratford
Formerly number 23 Mimeo Dolphin running back
We used to be a good guy
And he's got the stolen Mo
Howard David and weekend hair piece on there
Look at that
And it's hopping up and down
It's the old up
And down all over Troy's head
That's a beautiful thing
We picked up the spare hair
In fact, that was the piece that was going to be
If we had most picture on a billboard
That was the piece that we're going to have on there
But that's what we couldn't put the picture
We lost the piece as the billboard changes
Troy intercepted it
So here's the addresses of the billboard
It's just amazing to me how whipped up to a frenzy here's about that
Which I guess what he's really parked off about is the fact that we got what?
4.5 and he's got that one little dinky billboard
Well, that shows what they think he emote
Which ain't much
It ain't much
And you don't know why?
If there's a buck, I smell it
That's the problem
You got your nose up the wrong answers
Anyway, 1562 votes allegedly on yesterday's poll
While PD Lenny was in there, hawk on a china
I promoted the show RUHOT on ABC
There was a full page ad and some whatever for it
And I was promoting a crap out of it
I saw it, you didn't
And you saw it and you said, ah, the show blows
And I was there because I asked you how it was
They had a week bunch of people and they had a week bunch the first week
You could spell it with two E's with an E-A-K
How it was weak
And you loved the frenzy
And I watched it
It's got nothing to do with Lorenzo
I don't really care who the judges are
That's just a meaningless
Nobody watches that show to show to see who the judges are
All of Lorenzo looked like he used to some of us might
What is this saying?
What is this?
Neil, Wayne Wright, three time winner of the triple crown in the 30 to 40's died
Wayne Wright?
What does that mean?
I don't know, I thought it means something
In the 30's to in 40's?
Oh my god, from Rickle must be 120 years old
Thank you, Rick, for the assimilating information
Anyway, we'll get back to RUHOT
Which inspired me for our poll day we got a great poll about the reality TV shows
Which I didn't realize there were like 6,000 of them
Anyway, yesterday we asked our very growing poll man
The popularity is incredible
What do we up to?
45,000 votes now since they looked away?
Yes
They're just going wild
Look at that, are you checking those numbers?
Yeah
It was like 1400 in some odd when PD Lenny came in
Now let us enter 1600
Anyway, one of the last number before I printed this out was 1562 votes
Howard Stern 295, Mad Dog 291, which we know
It was bogus to Howard Stern people are pumping them in like crazy
Now it's part of that ego thing again, you know?
It is what it is, just accepted
Mad Dog, more people listen to Mad Dog who listen to this show than anybody else
Howard Stern was a very strong second, it was a good horse race
Phil Henry had 176, he was third
Are you sure?
Fat Rush Limbaugh had 155
Schmidt had 130 and of course a lot of those, especially the Schmidt votes yesterday were phony
They were also pouring in like in clumps and clusters
The hopper had 116
Mike Goldberg, Randy Rhodes, 104, which I'm still
Do you really believe that?
Yeah
You kept saying that all day yesterday, I believe it
Veda, Veda, Veda
Just the sound of that just makes me
Bob and Tom, it was all small potatoes after that
Bob and Tom had 52, Paul and Old Ron on Zeta 44, Joe and Mark had 30, even beating out Mohawar David
They're on and like in a wee hours in the morning when nobody's awake and they still had more votes
For people listen to them than Mohawar David, they have 30, he had 28
Pretty weak, Mo, no wonder he's so belligerent
Pozo, Romy had 23
I think he still pissed off about the Doreen business
You know what I mean?
No, explain it
I think he's really got a big buck up his old smelly
Right, Tom got a buck up his ass man, a big, it's crawling around in there, it's grabbing him nuts
See that opens up the Pandora's box for some more homophobic comments, he can make on Monday
Takes of notes, Mo
That's his main thing
Anti-women, anti-fags, that's basically the whole thing on your show now
In fact, wouldn't surprise me if we have a whole bunch of women's and gay organizations go after his ass now
What about the Dikes?
What did I just say, gay organizations
Mohawar David had 28
This poll yesterday, other than the O.W. radio personality, he'd listen to most
A gym rome, Romy had 23
Steve Cain's 16, Jeff the Forest 14 was the late edition DFO with his 85 billboards
By the way, today we'll be telling you where all of DFO's billboards are too
George Nuri, Al Bistuk, Dr. Laura had 13, Rick Shaw had 11, Ricky Tickey
Tom joiner, the flyjock had 9, Ed Kaplan at 8
Joyce Kaufman 6, Joe Rose had 6, the big lip band had 5, and Fuddy had 3
That's because we don't have his little kids to listen to his show, they don't listen over here on AM
And certainly not on the stations
Eddie, not the chronic asshole, Faxir says the new fashion of freedom this and freedom that is opposed to French
This and French that only further solidifies these stupidity of Americans because the funny thing is they actually are
Flemish fries, Lom's of freedom, Lom's of freedom which are Belgian
It was the Belgians who invented French fries
The other word they stand on this issue
Between the rock and hard and the Iran
It was the illiterate of the Western hemisphere who decided they were French fries to begin with
Love you tons, thanks for continuing to try on this shallow-minded Quagmars' Eddie, another Eddie not the chronic
Thank you Eddie not the chronic, thank you very much
And the Belgians invented, so if we have to do this, if these people are compelled to show their childishness to the world
Why can't we just call them fries? Don't we anyway?
Pretty nice
But fries with that? Nobody says you want French fries with that?
Nobody says that
That large fries call
Nobody goes into a drive through a burglar king and says, oh give me a big Mac or whatever the hell it is
What they say? What's burglar king?
Give me a wapper and order a large French fry
Anybody say that? No, of course not
But there are some people who just have to make a big cemissata everything just to make their point
Where hey you French fasters
And we do hit the French but for different reasons
Sure
We always hit the French, at least we're consistent
Oh look at this, or Elizabeth's or a deal
Oh Elizabeth's heart is home safe by the way
Oh!
And we got more of her relatives on there all over the place
Or police say she suffered psychological damage, isn't that shocking? Aren't you surprised?
Yeah, I think
Aren't you surprised?
Wow
Boy, again I don't want to make light of it but it's just...
And then last night, the sweet and a bad hair piece is Aaron Brown with a really bad red hair piece on there
Looks like a beaver dot on his head
He's going through his little speech, he has like a little monologue he goes through 10 o'clock every night
And about well, we don't apologize for the coverage here because nothing has really changed in the UN or on the war front
And blah blah blah blah and this is a feel good story about how we fondleism
You know, he's trying to rationalize the fact that the media are in a feeding frenzy over this story
And just beating it into the ground like they do with everything else
On and on and on and over and over until you got Elizabeth's smart coming out of every orifice in your body
Correct
And I'm saying enough is enough already
Well, when you get a little more information about these scumbags that kidnapped her
And when you decide what time and what channel they're going to upload their brains out on national TV
Then let us know that we'd like to hear that
But other than that, I think we've heard more than enough from all these relatives
And this is another thing that's disturbing to me is that all the friends and relatives every time one of these things comes along
They just can't get enough coverage, they can't be on enough networks, they can't be on enough to thank everybody
After the first 500 times it gets to be a little bit ponderous, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, I know what you're saying
The uncles, you know, the uncles, they want their 15 seconds of fame
Anyway, I don't care what George said
Are you hot?
Was really hot last night
It's a great show and now they're finally catching on and finally again
Oh, but that's just a parade of flesh and I say
Oh, right
Yeah, that's right, that's what we want
Last night was hot
Last night was just fine and was something there for everybody even if you don't like Lorenzo Lama's who cares
913 at 560 WQM
It's getting to be 100 degrees in the shade just about every day
In fact, it's going to warm up here this weekend 50s
Oh, right
But down there like 90s
This turning on a hot stove to cook dinner and that kind of weather turned you off like a lot of people have probably does
Maybe you should start thinking about grilling already even though it's only the middle of March
And for all your barbecue needs, shop at Barbecue's Galore they've got the guaranteed lowest prices in town
And this weekend they get even lower because Barbecue's Galore is holding their gigantic, their big humongous annual spring sale
Today, tomorrow and Sunday only take advantage of huge savings like 15% off on most Barbecue's and accessories
At Barbecue's Galore, save over 275 bucks on a 52 inch grand turbo stainless steel cart with rear rotisserie stainless grills inside burner
The price is unbeatable
Or how about saving on a Weber grill which I have overgrilled myself this sensational just great for tailgating
There's a barbecue for every price range and smokers, patio heaters and accessories and cookbooks and sauces
All of these things they're all on sale too
You get a big selection, awesome sale prices, a knowledgeable and friendly staff they put you with the right grill just for what you need
Top brands, great service and the annual spring sale going on today through Sunday only at Barbecue's Galore
They're your Barbecue's specialist, don't forget say 15% all this weekend at Barbecue's Galore you'll find them in plantation and curl springs
For the exact locations and more info call tool free 1-800-grill-up, 1-800-grill-up for Barbecue's Galore
This is my and local, this is for 205 cities
French people piss me out
The Middle Easters' world will be exploded to dumb at people killed
With the gas that we sold him, first time a crescer nation and the only one that's going
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing, forget about Korea
The nooks they're talking about, we're right we is drilling it over and over and to our head
At Iraq have some, weapons of mass destruction
3,000 people killed are now forgotten, let's exploit them instead
Hate their oil to be counted, going after sedum too, playing kato sama, there's no longer mention of a name in law this but no one seems concerned all
Humvee and complacent believe in every word of this cartel in administration that controls us by fear through leading a manipulation and the right wing
Is drilling it over and over and to our heads that are at asylum, weapons of mass destruction
The loss of civil rights is a price that we're paying, we're all suspects now, not the ass drop is saying
I have nothing to hide, tables, hawkers all are saying, blind obedient cattle don't have any reservation, louder provoked, battle, and world annihilation
Old regime must fall, it's had a virgin insult with no objection at all, then the crack don't have a fault and a right wing is drilling it over and over and to our parade watch this
I have some weapons of mass destruction, here only I have some weapons of mass destruction
Great news for George War starts Tuesday
Are you lucky? You know I was thinking about something, what's that?
What's ordinarily when there's anything going on in the world, our station might be one of the last that anybody would tune into unless it's a ball game or some kind of a golf tournament or some crap like that, like a sports emergency
But sports, that's a great lie, we ought to have a sounder for that
QAM sports emergency
Well but seriously, because thanks to our good friends at the chief channel, there is no more news station, right?
So they're locked into like Dr. Laura and Laura and stuff like that, so nowhere is there any local talk
What's that word?
I said local, I see, that's right, it doesn't go on me
What time is she on anyway? The goddess?
I have no idea
Afternoon, she called Beach, how would I know?
How do we know? Well I'll tell you, ask Peta
Leonard, he might know
Peta, I think she's on the afternoon, but forgetting about that
So the idea is since we have the flexibility, like if something's happening in the world, you just...
The diplomat from one of the other
Thank you Paula, you just open up the pot and there it is
So the moment that the hostility start when you're on ear anyway, you just open it up, pot it up, you're gonna have a big week next week I think
Because the war starts Tuesday
And we'll have lots of food in here so that we can just eat and listen to a big war party
Sounds good to me, I'll bring my war paint
I might come down for it but I doubt it
So here's the poll today, and again I don't care what anybody says, you're entitled to your own opinion, this is a good show
And you know, assholes like Tom Jicke can write, well this is just gratuitous flesh
You know what, that's what the public wants, including me, including George, including Carlos
And probably including Tom, you know
We're not looking for so much intellectual stimulation on TV, maybe once in a while, you know
Right, a flesh parade
Right, a flesh parade, what's wrong with that? That's what the public wants, right?
Right, F&A, T&A, and F&A
So my poll question today, and I didn't realize it was gonna be such a star-spangled banner of so many shows, God
Yeah, because you know the great originality of TV, if there's one, there's a building, if there's one and it's a hit, there's a thousand
Although you notice how fast the Quixote thing peedered out on a kind of its sucked, maybe?
On a kind of the Quixote, as they came up with sucked, and a kind of the fact that they just drove them into the ground
He wants to be a millionaire 15 times a week, and they killed it
Like everything else television touches, they kill it, they butcher it
And that's all they know how to do, they overdo everything like the Elizabeth Smart thing, like the alien stuff
They can't just do it and do it well, if somebody catches on and somebody says, hey, we like that
Oh great, it's like if you had a steak
And you said, when I was a delicious, oh here, have ten more
Well, no, I just only wanted one, no, here have twenty more
And you finally start puking on steak, you finally start up-sucking meat
Anyway, which TV reality showed you like best speaking of meat?
Are you hot?
13 nights on ABC by the way, they had an excellent panel last night
And they were like, I would say, three guys and three chicks, they were like, pretty god damn good
And maybe more than that, I forget, they were good
Huh? I can't remember that one girl's name, didn't we figure it out before the show?
Rachel, yeah, yeah, yeah
See? I know, Rachel and then it was- and I even looked back if you go to their website, are you hot?
They got the contestants from all four or five weeks, whatever that's been on the air, they're all on there
And there's some people that quite frankly, their picture shouldn't be on my billboard
They can have better pictures, not just bigger but like-
Oh, when you looked like that, how could you have your picture on the billboard?
You want people to- yeah, I didn't really bother me, everybody knows what I looked like
And I look- I'm an old, uh, bag, it looks bad
And that's the way it goes, I got a face for radio, doesn't bother me?
I saw it again this morning
See? That's what happens when you're a personality, when you're a celebrity
Is people know what you look like, and to be honest with you, there's a lovely king on CNN right now
They just showed his ugly putt, huh?
Yeah, I'm not even in the same category with him when it comes to ugly
But he don't mind, see what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm
Look there, right?
The Virginian, the gunslinger, the white-erp, uh, gunsmoke, bonanza
I mean, everybody was like, going into lone ranger, the lone stranger, uh, a wild-bill hitchcock
They were all on there, and the same with cops show, the same thing
So TV, if something goes over, man, like, oh, it's a hit, it's a freaking hit
Like Robert Dubell said, it's a big, big fat-titted hit, remember that?
Yes, they do
Yeah
That was Howard Beale, of course
And maybe they could have Howard Beale as one of the, uh, that's right, he's dead
Damn it, see if they just had Peter Fincher round
They could have him on to be one of the judges on, are you hot?
I'm as mad as hell, I'm as good as H.S. anymore
Oh!
In fact, maybe they could just prop his body up there to replace Lorenzo Lama's to make you happy
Since you hate Lorenzo Lama so much
You're just jealous because of how he used to look
Whatever
Look at it this way, he don't look so great anymore
So he got a feel pretty good about that, he's looking worse by the day
What was that movie he was in with all the snakes?
Snake eater, but there was no snakes in it
Well, maybe there was a snake
Yeah, there was, there was, he kept grappling with it
And then he made snake eater too, he's a goofball
But he sure did used to look good
In fact, he could have been on that show as a contestant as a post-opanalyst
But you're right, he's doing the Howard Stern routine
Funny you mentioned that to me this morning, because since I listened to him doing the judging last night, I thought
But he's starting to sound like Howard, you know?
I don't mean our Howard
Cleaning back and trying to be cool and just shut up
I like him
You're okay with my book for Lorenzo, don't hang any crap off his little banana of this guava eaten stick
27 past nine and five sixty WQAM
That's going to be a regular on my schedule is R U Hot
Hey Mo, are you hot?
No
I'm the type of place that's really hot that's Emil Coach Chinese buffet
In fact, whether you're lovely, whether you're ugly, whether you're slim, whether you're a gigantic tub
And of course, at all buffet is you'll see some people you'll think, what are they doing at a buffet?
Why are they just, well that's how they got like that?
Practice makes perfect
Three locations of the great Emil Coach Chinese buffet is try him this weekend, go for a feast before the war starts
And then always a good idea to like stir up for the famine?
Sure
You'll find him in sunrise, North Miami Beach, in their newest location in Pembroke Pines
Everything is fresh and delicious, nothing sits out there getting moldy and oldy
Six different kinds of soups, they got dozens of succulent entrees
Oriental surf and turf on a weekends like this weekend
And New York's step made order with a great gourmet set of that's a sizzling Asian grill
Where they feature teriyaki steak and shrimp and chicken and seafood hand carp primer
All cooked to your order
And when you walk out of the Emil Coach, you'll be gazette and poppig of the Chinese say
You'll be full of the gills because and you won't have any headache
No MSG, no cornstarch and the cook only with cholesterol free oils
There are buffet features a full salad bar, a new sushi bar, fresh shrimp cocktail
And even better news, Emil Coach's famous lobster fest is back featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisque
And if you have room for dessert which will be a miracle but try to say
Well, it pace yourself, you know, about the third or fourth hour, get over to the dessert bar
Featuring pies and cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit
The perfect ending to a major, major pick out
Three locations of the great Emil Coach Chinese buffet, they're in sunrise, pineapple to 44th street
They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd Street, North Miami Beach
And also at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke Roads in prestigious Pembroke Pines
Look for the new Oriental Chicken Salad to a The Emil Coach
They have set reservations, take out the living available two called 954-5723822
954-5723822
Give it a shot this weekend, you'll love it, the Emil Coach Chinese buffet
Nine, nine, and look all
This is 420-560
Way, way, yeah
Feel Roger, God
Tonight, Dolan Clinton
Let me ask you something Bob, what's your wife looking for?
Bob Dol says, what do you mean?
A number of times she makes a speech, she's staring up at the sky
Yeah, let me tell you something that I racked, I ordered 79 bombing missions in Iraq back in 98
But your people put a stop to it, there's a fox ring a bell
But Bob Dol says, you got a blowjob
Yeah, Bob, all your people who fixated with my penis and still are
They'll ignore and slush
Laced I don't need any help from my penis
Bob Dol could always use a hand
Bob, are those garter socks you wear?
My, you want a date? They're not my type
Bob, can you do this?
No, Bob Dol says no
Oh, look at this really fast
Look, look, I'm making a shot of puppets
I'm not even in the same room stupid
I know he can't see me
All the same to me, communist
Yeah, I'm done
You got my check
934 or 560, nobody can see him
Now is that for real online winner? Is that a joke?
Carlos, it's real
It says, Poppano Park, Brian Sears, ho
Hello, I have to get Brian, he's right next to me
I ride around the 11th morning and I've heard you praise Brian Sears
And I said, well I got to wait till I come to his barn
Because he's not usually here in the morning
Right
He's here right now about 10 feet, he was waiting like 5 minutes
Let me just hold him 2 seconds
Here he comes
Brian, here he is, he's on the air
Here he comes, he was standing there while you were doing the whole monologue there
Here he comes
Here this is a man of closest sweetheart
Hello, Neil
Yes sir
Hi, this is Brian Sears
Is it really?
Yeah
This is Brian Sears
Yeah
I just called the lady that I enjoyed your show and thanks for all the things
How long you sticking around Brian?
I'm going to stay down here till the middle of April
Really?
Yeah
Well thanks for being there
Okay, I appreciate your show and you know what the good work
And you too
And no more than 8 in one night, okay Brian?
Okay
That's going to be the limit
All right
Okay, we're all up to it
Okay, I think I don't know if that was for real or not
Do we know if that was for real?
I guess you could have been
Maybe there's Wally Hennessey doing a voice
How's it going, A Wally?
So that takes care of our calls
You had a whole bunch of money for a minute but I guess they ran away
Which is fine with me, you know?
The poll is up, I don't think we're going to get a big response on this poll
You wonder why?
Take a look at what's leading us
We get a quick 40 votes as soon as it goes up
21, they all suck
Well, whatever you like
Yeah, maybe we can all sit around watching Sean Hannity or whatever
And the popular thing to say but the reality of it all is that's very much
Yeah, you want to, I mean nobody's tracing your vote
We don't have your house and check out which ones you're watching
They don't all suck
In fact, if I would have been for RU Hot real world and road rules
They had some plenty of moments on there too
In their time
Real world this season is a whole new level
Is it really?
Well, not for you
Oh
Well, I'm just saying for whatever anybody wants to see
That's all
I mean, is, oh god, you can't be talking about that
I did go out for the intellectuals out there all three of them
I did go out and get the books yesterday that I was looking for
Desperate must have been my lucky day
Perpetual War for Perpetual Peace by Gord Vidal
And the Honey of the President by Joe Coniston and Gene Lyons
Which is a big, thick book
Like almost 400 pages, it's big and it's thick
That's what Bubba said
The Honey of the President, the 10-year campaign to destroy Bill and Hillary Clinton
Excellent book already scanned through it
5,670, 5,60, pound, 5,60 on the AT&T line
8 million mid-time stories from the tabloids today
So if nobody's got any material, that's okay with me
Because we got tons and tons of crap here
Let's see Survivor 5, the Osborne 5
They all suck 29, that's our crowd, sour, your sour folks
Quit being so sour, I know you're stuck there, that's your problem
In your lion
You don't know if they're lying or not, but why are they so glad they're negative on everything?
Oh, you know the answer to that
They're always accusing me, oh it's another one of Niels' negative pulls
Well, this isn't negative, we're asking you, what do you like the best?
That's a positive, do you like anything?
No
Is there anybody that you like, oh, do you like yourself?
I like hate
Real World MTV 3, Fear Factor 2, are you hot, Scott, a pair, and one of those is mine
So 53 votes, small potatoes, nothing
We just have it hit on, of course we didn't put Mohawar David on this poll or how it's turned
So we're just going to get the kind of response that we're looking for
Very sad
So it's appropriate that I'm handing the keys of the king to you for the next week
Because you can see that the tremendous enthusiasm we had from them most of this week
Right down the toilet, you know what I mean?
Well, they're busy
Doing what?
Duck taping
We'll get ready, that's right, duck taping in and that's where I getting ready for Tuesday and war
Here's Miami, hello
Good morning, my baguette friend
Yeah, huh, huh
Thanks, Mo, Mo doing a voice on his way up to Boka
By the way, don't break your neck looking at your thing on a turnpike
Spinning around like Linda Blair trying to get one last peek
Well, he's got to see it in the daytime because you can't see it at night, that billboard
Doesn't have your picture on, Neymar Mo
Troisdrapper told the piece 5,670 and anybody see that thing on our website?
Evidently not, besides us
You would have thought 50,000 people would have been calling just in his hysterics over the Troisdrapper
Bouncy, bouncy, how we're, how we're David, here at the peace on our website
No, nothing, you know, it's out of the floor, I keep forgetting
Keep forgetting where I'm on here
Here's Point and V, chill out
Hey, Neal, I went out and I bought the Michael Moore book
And I bought another one of his books called Downsized This
Right, that was the first one
Yeah, have you read that one?
No
You got to get your hands on that one too, that one's all about corporate America
And it's a lot like this movie Roger and me, you know, about closing down the factories
And all of these different things that is, unfortunately, it's written in 96
So a lot of the politics have changed since then
But the policies are still the same within the corporations and the contributions from to the political parties
They're still coming from the same places
So it's still semi-relevant, actual and booked out
Okay
Yeah, give it a read
Okay, thanks
Michael Moore likely to win Oscars a matter of fact
If all the scenarios, plows, is predicted if the US invades are back next week
And Michael Moore wins the best documentary category for bowling for Columbine, the 75th US award ceremony on March 23rd
will be a historically controversial event
Given the intense divisions over the war in the US especially in the anti-war Hollywood community
Win by Morca to clips such historically political years of 72 and 78
In the first case, Marlon Brando sent a model dressed as an Apache woman to reject his best actor award for the Godfather
In a protest on behalf of Native Americans in 1978 a pro-Palestinian Vanessa Redgrave won Best Actress for Julia
And referred to Zionist hoodlums from the stage of the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion where protestors burned her an epigee outside
Moore's angry documentary condemns American culture as paranoid, gun-crazy at home and militaristic abroad
Put him in front of a worldwide audience of a billion you can expect a forceful tirade against President George W and his war plans
It says on the surface bowling for Columbine's Oscar win seems as much as a foregone conclusion as the onset of the bombing and Baghdad
How do you like that?
And of course he couldn't get it filmed in America
He had to come up here to Canada to find people who would film it for him
But we don't want to put that propaganda on you right?
So there you go, it was a great Michael Moore but we don't want to talk about stuff like that
We want to talk about reality shows
They don't, they hate him 54, how many we votes we got? 54 out of 101, almost half say they all suck
They suck, they suck, they suck
Survivor 9, the Osborne's 9 real world MTV 6, are your hots got 5 blind day 3 in American Idol
They're just starting to formulate, now they're just starting to catch on, got it?
Got it
19 till 10 at 5, 60 WQA and what do we got on the O, that's right, mad dogs off today
Nice gone mad dog, let's think in Joe Rosad one, the Humber doing a short Gulfstream where he'll be in heaven 3 to 650
6 50, it's you and basketball or baseball against Rutgers, Eddie Captain to baseball game and ESPN radio for what it's worth overnight
I beg your local, this is 516, the radio's on your side
Q and
This is Joe from the morning, with new rockers
This is Suserebro
Tienes preguntas?
It's a terrorist warning
So as you drive on into words, be alert
The White House says we're all doomed now
Can't be sure where they might strike a neck
Yeah, we're nervous, wrecks cause of all of the stress
Rum's feds as we better watch out
He used the word I fear, it's the terrorist warning
The government says we prove it
And I'm scared
They say not if but when now
Not specific threats or a joke
Yeah, I think there are hopes they could give me a stroke
I think that I just will ignore it
Yeah, live my life
Enjoy the ride, live my life
I can't advise terrorists
I'm placed next 560 WQM happy Friday too
Gill and Homestead is becoming beyond chronic on a fax machine
But nevertheless, at least he's responding what I'm talking about
The real world on MTV was the original every season it gets better says Gill
Yeah, he's probably just real from the real world
560-560-050560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
I'll tell PDO to thank you so much for this copy
I'll tell PDO to go on air
What's he leaving?
Before the war starts
Here's Fort Lauderdale, our lonely only call
Hello, Neil
Yes, the crystal burger is on the corner of Verizon
Yeah, we already know, thank you
Sunrise in power line, we already know it's old news
Oh my god
Wooo!
It is a scary, you know what?
Good thing I got a pile of stuff here I could go to midnight
Really?
I could! I got piles, man, don't tease me like that
For example, the oldest human footprints have been found in volcanic ash in Italy
They were made by individuals scrambling down the flanks of an active volcano about 350,000 years ago
Now the Bible says it was only 5,000 years old, so what kind of commie pinko propaganda is this, huh?
Satan put the footprints there
Italian scientists who identified three separate fossilized trackways
say the people that made them walk on two feet using their hands holding the stud of themselves on a difficult descent
Do the oldest footprints to be found of the genus Homo?
Hey, what?
The group that we belong to, the researchers told the BBC, the genus Homo is what they're saying
Gay, am I Homo?
What was it?
Gay, he's obsessed, man, if there's anybody more Homo phobic than Moll, I haven't encountered that person yet
I'm sure we got a few in the audience, which is his crowd, but my god, gay, obsessed, obsessed
And of course you know what they say about those kind of people?
No, what do they say?
The ones that always point to finger, the finger kind of finger kind of like does a boomerang
Commentators say the prints were probably made by Homo, Hydeburg genus
Sounds like nuts, he faggot's today
Hydeburg genus, a 400 in the Andrthols that dominated Europe at this time, and most of what's in South Florida right now at this time, the Andrthols
Paolo Miato and his colleagues from the University of Pato were studying the trackways known to locals as devil's trails
And they say they are particularly detailed
The prints were found in the western margin of Rachamonofina, volcanic complex in southern Italy, and a
Pryoclastic flow they did back between 285 and 225,000 years ago, almost 400,000 years old, they're almost ready to live in some rise
How do you like that?
And yet the religious doubt there, now the Bible says the god created a 5,000 years ago, 5600, whatever the hell it's supposed to be, and anybody who would believe that crap
God, save us from them
Oh God
5,6705, because once I get into this tablet stuff, man, I'm not turning back
Okay
The Josey Lambi thing about Jack O'Tyde of the mob with Alvin Malnick
Justin trades Kelly speaking to Tabloid show of reality shows, Justin Guarini from American Idol
Justin trades Kelly for a guy
Boy stars noisy sex needles neighbors sexy Jennifer Esposito's mating call has a rare apple's neighbors of fuming
Britney's decoy spells trouble, but unless she's got a decoy
So Sydney fears dad's explosions and wants to move OJ daughter trapped in a house of pain
And this is the saddest story of them all, I'm gonna put this right on top of my pile
Remember we had to think a couple days ago about who's gonna cook first?
Yeah
And Jack par didn't get too many votes probably because most of our audiences know enough to remember Jack par just me and Boka Brian
Jack par was far and away the greatest host of the tonight show he really invented
I mean Steve Allen and Jerry Lester were before him, but in terms of what it turned into with the guests in the table and the chairs
That was Jack par stirred up that
He was sensational
Jack par silenced by stroke
Oi
Not a good shape 84 and maybe on a way out
You don't care about that because you know from Jack par I still the old the clips when they do the history of television and stuff like weaver
Right, oh he had an incredible guest Alexander King, but at any rate 5 6 7 here's a lady in the Pembroke Pines
Hello
Or Morris planes I'm sorry Morse planes New Jersey
Hey Neil how you doing?
Okay, I thought it said Pembroke Pines we get to make those Morse planes
Morse planes I'm New Jersey
I'm like a fan of Tom Welling and Johnny Depp
I've made that note but what I wanted to say is that the thing you need that know?
Yeah
Oh
I'm the bits that you're playing are fantastic. I don't know who writes them if it's all Boka Brian or whoever
But you know Moe Howard David writes him
Pardon?
Moe Howard David
No way
I'm glad we got rid of him years ago, but you're stuck for a while you're just like a little bright spot on the station
I don't listen to anything else on that station. I don't blame him
I don't blame him
And I love the appearance of the new website. I don't know who that fellow is on there flipping his wig
Troy Stratford former dolphins running back from her football player now one of our esteemed salespeople
Is that so?
A man who can't write his own copy but he's not a bad guy
It's real cool. It's a good book. Good book on your website
Well thanks for recognizing our existence and have a great weekend
Absolutely. And you know, could we go off?
I will
Well, Deseretani
I certainly will. Thank you.
Okay, but bye
As soon as the show ends I'm going right to the window and jump
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
A very silent crowd here this morning. Maybe they want to talk about Ward. We want to talk about the Ward?
No. No. We want to argue about the Iraqis and the Iraqis
And I still don't believe that. I don't care what you say. I don't believe that bogus number she had on there with that. That can't be possible.
The fact that we get all these spy reports all the time. We don't get all these. We get one here and one there like a couple of week maybe at tops on a big week.
And even the negative one.
Carlos, you know what he's talking about?
Never have any of this on the phone.
No, I mean, what are you saying?
The old Yenthas, the old talk show groupies. The people were like obsessed with crack from 100 years ago.
That kind of talk was big. About 5 minutes.
Yeah. Exactly.
God.
And what does this fact say?
Well, I wanted to wish you a while on your upcoming vacation. This morning was taped and local on a Howard David had show.
What does that mean?
Taped and local.
I don't know.
The guy's show pop is he was playing the, oh, he were playing the interview with some sports agent from the previous day.
He just wanted to hear himself talk. Probably just wanted to kill some time because Gildey's out looking for another job.
Isn't it funny when they promote the Howard David and show they play a bit about Gildey's wife calling and talking to who wears the pantyhose in the family?
They don't even want to promote Mo.
Well, that bit, by the way, is older than the thusula older than those footprints they found.
I'll miss you next week, but we'll tune into George. Please pass along to George if he gets bored one day once you see the phone's light up.
Pose the question. It's been over 30 years since the dolphins have won the Super Bowl.
What makes you think they went in the next 30 years?
He'll get great response and all you have to do with answer to calls with bits. Yes, no.
Okay, here you go.
No, I don't think George is going to be doing that.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, going pretty good until he got to that 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
Anyway, I'm going to do the jackparks.
Please, thank you. Now that they got a bunch of calls on, they got enough of this thing.
Jack Parse silenced by stroke.
Legendary talk show host Jack Parse facing his last day without one of his most valuable assets, his ability to speak.
The 84-year-old former tonight show host, close friend Regis Gilbert and Charles Groden rushed to his hospital bedside to try to cheer him up and offer words of comfort to his beloved wife Miriam.
But they were shocked to see the effects on Parse help from a devastating stroke which robbed him of his famous voice.
They tried everything to entertain Jack but all they got was a flicker of a smile and a brief look of understanding Miriam 84 tells the globe.
In an exclusive interview.
Both Regis and Chuck were upset to see Jack this way but neither of them let Jack know they were how they were feeling.
Another was the thing one of the other articles about this.
It's not in this one. It's one of the other tabloids about Jack Par where he was ripping Larry King and some of the other interviews.
And rightfully so he's one of the few guys that's got the balls to rip a lot of the crap that goes on today.
The powder puff interviews and the asking.
You know what I'm talking about?
I'm sure you do.
So poor Jack Par, he may be on a way out and we're pretty upset about that.
Those of us old farts like me and Bokka Brian and that's about it and maybe Mo.
Here's a call from Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neil, I have a question about co-cuting 10.
Yeah.
How many noes rooms do you take a day about?
Between 100 and 200.
Do you think it helped you when you got your stroke?
Just to rebound as fast as you did?
No.
Because I had a very minor and I don't think anything would do with that.
It doesn't have, I don't think it has much to do with your circulation. It has to do with your heart.
I think that's why when I had my stress test which I shouldn't have had.
I think that's why my heart's still in good shape because I've been taking it for years.
I've started taking it about three weeks and I can tell it's different.
Yeah, it'll get you a little bit of your pulse rate way down.
That's what I feel a lot.
It's great for your heart man.
I'm telling you, I wouldn't exaggerate about it. It's very important stuff.
No, I listen to what you say and I got all your meds too so I was pretty good to stuff stuff.
There you go.
Thanks a lot.
Okay, keep popping it man. He's popping it and the only med in a co-cuting 10 too. He's popping it.
What TV reality showed you like best?
Well, the votes are starting to pour in but unfortunately it's not a good sign.
164 but that ain't exactly pouring in either, isn't it?
The 90s say they all suck.
Cut, it's just I, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry but right now I have to draw the line in the sand.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
What kind of a town is that?
What kind of a place is that?
Sour, chicken.
Sour.
Sour.
That explains so much of the crap we get here out of the phone.
Hey, homo, you know the same old tires, the 20, 70 years later.
The same morons, the same hateful people, the same people just full of this,
they're just this enchanted with life.
Man, maybe we can get the Dr. Mangalita come in for a couple of weeks and take care of some of these people.
A whole bunch of them.
We can have like a mass Dr. Jack had come down, huh?
You know, if you change the question to anything else and still included that option, they all suck.
Don't you think?
Oh, they all suck is, oh I'm just gonna put it on.
Right.
Can you imagine how few votes we'd have if we didn't put the all suck?
It's got 90 votes.
What's your favorite food?
And you've got much more than half of the 164 votes and that's got 94.
That's 55% say they all suck.
The Osborne 16 survivor 14 American Idol 10, real world MTV 7, are you hot 7?
Fear factor 4, blind day 3, any other ones are like small potatoes so far.
They don't watch that crap. They're busy watching important stuff.
They're listening to the NPR and they're watching PBS.
You believe me?
No.
No, of course they're not.
But they're sure a lot more refined intellectual than we are.
We're supporting you 560, 2AM.
Friday you bastard.
Just in time for St. Patrick's Day.
Case-mo records presents drinking songs.
Absolutely much the deal up.
Yeah, you know how I feel.
Classic drinking songs, the whole family can sing together.
Nice Corona, the girl, good to meet you.
Good to meet you.
She look like real lonely.
And they're nice Corona.
I think it's a kisser.
I'm different than hers.
She look like one as shit for her.
Nice Corona, the girl, 2, 3, must be sad.
You're drinking songs.
Or could be for midnight St. Patrick's Day and get a free bar back.
Now I know what was it.
It's a mixed with Yeager, Mister.
There's a bathroom on the right.
All right.
10.02.560 WQM.
Happy Friday to instance.
I won't be your Monday.
Happy St. Patrick's Day.
We'll play all the St. Patrick's Day bits today, won't we?
Are you dead?
You bet.
Well, there's a president day updating his efforts on Middle East peace.
Yeah.
Now after recent elections, the nation of Israel has a new government.
All we can say of that is.
Oh, exactly.
Anyway, Josie Lambeade, our close personal friend who used to be the Sun Central
has now moved up into the world with the tabloid to star.
Star confidential is his column.
It says is Jack O. Murray to the mob.
This one you thought that Michael Jackson's life couldn't get any stranger.
He hears some news that shows once again and the truth is stranger than fiction.
Waco Jack O's new friend is a multi-millionaire South Florida tax lawyer and developer
whom law enforcement officials suspected for years of being involved in organized crime.
The king of pop and the mob say they'd so Jack O.
Several sources in the Miami area identified the new man in Jackson's life as Alvin Malnick,
who is famous in the underworld as Jackson is in the pop music world.
They've had dinners together, Michael is stated Alvin's house,
and they've been looking like the best of friends has one source post to Malnick.
So who is this guy Malnick?
Let's just say he's a smart one.
He never got an app for anything.
Through the late 60s and 70s Malnick was an alleged associate of the notorious Florida monster Meyer Lansky.
Oi! Malnick also co-owns Title Ones of America,
a company that charges the poor up to 300% interest on loans.
In the early 80s the New Jersey Gaming Commission didn't mince its words when abandoned
Atlantic City casinos from doing business with Malnick.
You call the 69 year old man a person of unsuitable character and reputation engaged in organized crime.
Malnick denies any mob connection but his back-routed reputation make you wonder why Jackson would hang out with him.
Stewart Beckerman, Jackson's mob piece didn't return calls for comment.
Malnick meanwhile has been entertaining Jackson at the swanky Miami Beach restaurant that he founded, The Forge.
Witnesses saw the two friends chow down on some of the joint's trademark 70 dollar stakes away from prying eyes
in the place's wine cellar where some bottles spent $75,000.
After one such dinner, Jackson was seen serenading Malnick on a piano.
Oh my god!
After one such dinner, Jackson was seen serenading Malnick on a piano.
Oh, it's speaking of playing instruments.
You know Elizabeth Smart that they found in the She's Home and Safe and everything like that?
Yeah.
You know she did a thing for this show?
That's right, she did it for God.
You go girl, let's hear it Liz.
Nine months, she's held against her will and she still does this for us which we appreciate very much.
I don't want to harp on it but...
Energy toward reconciliation, for the world and development.
There can be no peace for either side of the Middle East unless there is freedom for both.
Reaching that destination will not be easy.
We can see the way forward.
Now the parties must take that way.
Step by step.
You can call them on the parties during it.
An America will be the active partner of every party that seeks true peace.
All right.
Nice going, Elizabeth.
Thank you, sweetheart.
Alvin and Michael were having a grand old time one so it says Alvin just had triplets with his 28 year old wife and Michael has three little ones so they have a lot in common.
Malik also opened the doors of his 20 million dollar plus 21 bathroom, 40,000 square foot ocean front mansion to the singer.
Malik is only one of a slew of Laco Jaco hangers on who's raised eyebrows among Jacksonologists.
Do you know the rest of the thing is Jacksonologists?
I do not.
It was just reported that Jackson paid a voodoo dot what we know about that about the spell.
Now comes the alleged mobster Malik by the way emailed confidential that is carefully worded statement when questioned about his relationship with Jackson.
I have no present or past business relationship of any kind with Michael Jackson nor is one contemplated milk at a Malik road.
And then Josie goes on to say you suppose Jackson called him called on him because the voodoo didn't work or were we just witnessing the birth of gangster pop?
That's what Josie Lamby says in the star.
Shame on you Josie.
I think we ought to get a picture of Josie Lamby with that same hair piece bouncing up and down that Troy Stratford's got that would be great.
See if you'll drive down. We got it here in the studio.
Anti-war sheen blows up at exec.
The quiet controversy swirling around television's commander in chief, the opinionated Martin Sheen, who plays president Bartlett on NBC's The West Wing has exploded.
Sheen went ballistic on a rep for the show's maker.
The 62-year-old actor is one visible anti-war advocate out there and his bosses at the show's production company Warner Bros. didn't really like it.
Could be bad for the show's huge ratings, they say.
That view was private until now.
Sheen was being interviewed by a dozen foreign reporters March 5th when the topic of war with the rack was discussed.
I'm told Sheen launched into an ugly tirade calling the Bush administration everything from dogs to crazy.
Warner Vice President Andrew Schiff didn't like it. He stood up between Sheen and the crowd and said,
I'll ask everyone to discuss the show, not politics.
Wrong thing to tell Sheen, his face turned beat red as he stood up and yelled,
we have the right to talk about whatever the hell we want. Who are you to tell us what we can talk about?
Then the two and added about their respective positions with Sheep Singh.
I'm just doing my job and Sheen countering with, do yours and I'll do mine among other things.
Needless to say, Sheen was a no-show with the company's cocktail party afterward as for Sheep Singh,
which acknowledges a brief moment of understanding and adds Martins a passionate guy.
Right, how do you like that? You go, Martin.
Don't mess with old Martin Sheenie, man. He gets pissed off and fired up.
Now, speaking of reality shows, which this audience obviously has once no part of, 54% say they all suck.
Yeah, yeah, back at you, okay? Suck this.
God. Just right off the bag.
You know, like you said, just give that option a negative, they'll grab it, they'll squeeze it.
Everything sucks. They got a foot of option on their life sucks.
Okay? Yeah, seriously. I'm one of the polls in the near future. Life sucks.
What's your favorite thing? It all sucks.
Justin trades Kelly for a guy.
Oi!
Another one of these unbelievable stories that nobody wants to deal with.
You're gay.
Jilted Justin Gaurini is crying on a shoulder of a high school pal after being dumped by American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson.
But those who know that Kuroli heard Kuroon are curious about his close relationship with Michael Leach,
who grew up with the American Idol runner-up in Pennsylvania.
Given the way they often act and publish, some people are wondering if they're closer than they let on, says a friend.
Now that Justin Kelly are over, Michael and Justin couldn't be happier.
You're gay.
Rather than be defensive about the relationship, Michael admits he shares a very special friendship with Justin.
Justin and I are each other's best friend, Michael, tells the star.
Even when we're not together, we've managed to stay close.
Michael who once lived with Justin 24 in Miami, see how it all comes back?
Yeah.
Visited him there while he made the move to the American Idol movie from Justin to Kelly.
Not only did Justin, whose romance with Kelly fizzled during filming, fly Michael to Miami twice,
but he shared his sweet at the Rony Plaza with him.
But we didn't sleep in the same bed, Michael explains.
To blow off steam, the two often hung out at the old Haunt, the studio karaoke bar in the Shubber and Hotel on South Beach.
They'd come together and leave alone, says another source.
Maybe they met Muffin there. He's beginning that karaoke stuff.
You know what?
They'd come together and leave alone.
Shockingly a videotape shot in February and seen by star reporter,
who was just in his close companion, singing Elton John Duetz to one another.
You're gay.
You ready for that?
No, not ready.
It looked like they were looking at each other's eyes when they were singing, says another party out.
It was slightly odd watching them sing love duets.
Michael doesn't hide his strong feelings for Justin, say sources.
He acts as if Justin is his possession of source tells the star.
How do you like that?
But their closeness has led to blowups.
At Crow bar in Ikehub in Miami, Michael stormed out in a huff because he felt people were mobbing justances
and I witnessed Justin found him moping later that night at studio.
That same night, Michael leaped to his feet when a drunk and male party
who were climbed on stage to sing and dance with Justin and wrapped his arms around him.
Justin slipped out of his hole but not before Michael get right up there and start glaring at the guy and I witnessed it.
She stared him down. I mean, he stared him down.
Also with a studio, the two giggle through a computer game of strip poker resources.
You can choose what type of model you wish to play with, says the I witnessed.
They were playing with a male model.
You'd see a picture developing here?
Yeah, like we did.
What did I tell you when that show was first on American Idol?
All these assholes were writing all this stuff about Justin and what's your name?
Kelly, Kelly.
Yeah, all this guy said boy, he looks like a real fruitcake to me.
I mean, he looks a little, you know, believe you me, my Gator is as strong as it gets.
I can sniff one out from a million miles away.
And in his case, even, I mean, I even see me wonder could tell you know, you could smell it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
How's that phone looking, Carlos? Kind of weak in it.
Couple of calls on here. Not too much.
That's okay. I'll do the work today.
It's my last day before vacation. I should have to do all the work.
Which TV reality show do you like best is our poll on neo-roger.com?
Maybe they just aren't voting on to pull that much because they're busy looking at Troy
with Mohawar David's piece bouncing up and down on his head.
They all suck. 117, 53.6% say our reality show is suck.
The odds of born's 20, survivor 17, American Idol 13, real world MTV 10, are you hot Scott 7?
I think it would have more except the fact that you turned him off on that show and almost turned me out.
I just stumbled on a by accident. Fear factor 7, blind date 6, amazing race and Joe millionaire and in a cool...
Smith shows got four based on what?
Maybe the fat brother of it. Oh my God.
Must be the people like that movie, porkeys and all of its sequels.
Porkeys won through 50? Yes.
So let's talk about Caddy's shack. What are you saying?
12 minutes after 10 at 5.60 WDQAM.
Hey, show me the money. Come out to Pompato Harnestack tomorrow, March 15.
And not only will we show you the money, but if you're 18 or older,
you can win a chance to get into the money machine and get 20 seconds to grab as much cash and betting vouchers as you can hold in your hands.
More than a hundred...
More than a thousand...
How many?
I almost said a hundred thousand. Well, dick in the Steve, they'll come up with the extra.
And Brian's serious.
More than a thousand dollars of your up for grabs and it won't cost you a cent to enter,
because Pompato Park has free general parking and free admission every day and night.
But that's not all you can also take any losing betting tickets next Saturday night.
This Saturday and at tomorrow, print your name and address on the back end or win not only a chance to get into the money machine,
but also vacation trips to the Bahamas, including round trip airfare from Fort Lauderdale.
The grand prize they'd trip for two to treasure K Hotel Resort and Marina in Abacota Bahamas.
You must be present to win tomorrow.
That Saturday, March 15, sounds a lot like tomorrow to me.
There'll also be music, fun, great harness racing, action.
Pompato Park, a block south of the 90th Boulevard on Powerline Road.
First post on Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, 715.
And don't forget, sign all casting every day, 7 days a week, at Pompato Park.
The ride and roll, this is 20-year-old bicycle.
You way up.
The West is...
It's like heartburn showtime.
Wait, look, they don't just have heartburn.
They also have pressure and loading, that's gas.
Oh no!
Holy crap, exactly!
Sorry guys, they need more than just heartburn relief.
They need Mee La Tuna.
Yeah, Mee La Tuna, it's a mop.
Fast heartburn relief, plus strong gas relief, Hay Lock Snacks.
Says it's treat diarrhea!
Yes, not!
That's 17 to 560 WQM.
Look at that, the market's up again, 76 points under now.
And a few points under Nasdaq, I can't see what it is if he ever gets his stupid head out of his way.
Come on, let's go here.
Let's put the stupid 7.5 points under Nasdaq.
Not too shabby after a big day yesterday.
What do you think?
Is it on the way back?
No.
567-05, I had a vision last night.
I had a lot of vision, what would you call it?
I was conjuring up a dream.
A night dream.
When I went to bed and I put my head on a pillow, and of course realizing I was doing this show today and then I had next week vacation.
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
In other words, I was thinking about going to sleep the night before your last show before vacation.
Or, nearly, I don't think about that.
But I thought about it in the context of what if it was my last show at the end of the contract and they was the last thing?
Oh yeah, right.
And I thought, wow!
Yeah!
Let me tell you right now, if I last that long, if we all stay alive that long, that's going to be some show.
Yeah, what a show.
That is going to be some show.
Make no mistake about it.
I can't wait for that day.
I can't wait for that night before when I put my head on a pillow knowing that when I wake up in the morning, I shave, I smit, I shower, I do all of those SH things.
And I come on the air.
Huh?
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
And it's going to be a real barn burr, baby, because I'm not going to hold anything back.
Not that I hold too much back now, but it's all going to flow, man.
Like, opening up most colloscomy back.
It's going to flow and flow and blow.
You just wait and flow some more.
Yeah.
In fact, people will have flow on the show.
Here's a call from Opalaka.
Hello.
Hey, Mio, how are you doing?
Okay, sir.
I got two things.
I have a question.
Who wants the girl that sings that song about Randy's dreamboat?
And I'm a real albergati.
Yeah, that's a great song.
I request that.
And also a suggestion for a future poll, possibly favorite war protest song.
Okay.
I can tell you weapons of mass destruction is mine.
Yeah, I like that.
I like even the Peter Paul Marry, where I've all.
Where I've all the goofballs gone.
Where I've all the folk songs going.
Okay, have a great weekend, pal.
You too.
Have a good vacation.
Thank you.
Where have all the protest songs gone?
We're not going to play no protest songs except the course for weapons of mass destruction.
Which everybody agrees that that Boca-Bride in pieces is a masterpiece.
Did I tell you?
Yes.
Number one with three bullets.
I'm the levably good.
Even people who want the war, even the right wingers out there, even the chicken hawks.
They probably like the song just for the hell of it.
Because it's such a good job.
Nice job, chicken neck.
Oyster neck.
141 people say all TV reality shows suck.
I don't know why I'm looking at that way because I'm forgetting what our poll really in one way.
It's therapy.
Sure.
It's a therapeutic way for these crazy people to get it out of their system.
And no further talking.
Yeah, there you go.
Don't have to suck around and pretend you like him.
Just...
And no further talking.
Everybody sucks.
What's wrong with little sucking?
The Osborne's 24.
And I'll say it again.
I don't like that show by.
I do like him.
He's a hoot.
If they could just show the Pepsi spot over and over again, they'd be better in their show and probably get bigger number.
Survivor 21, American Idol 16.
Real World MTV.
There have been some good shows there at 12.
Fear factor 8.
Blind date.
8.
Are you hot?
7.
Amazing.
Race 6.
Do a millionaire 500.
Everybody else small potatoes after that.
Out of 200 and some odd 50.
Whatever it is.
See the problem.
The problem is the demographics on the reality shows.
If I was like still on Zeta who were doing the show like on a real radio station.
Then you'd see first of all, you'd see 400 or 500 votes if they're already.
That's number one.
And number two, instead of they suck, you'd have a lot more enthusiasm.
Right.
Now some of the people in the audience say, well that's caused all those young punks there about your bottle heads.
What do they know?
Well, at least they'd be honest, you know.
Right.
They want to see flesh.
Right.
They want to see flesh.
They want to see.
They want to be a little titillated.
What's wrong with that?
What's wrong with little titillation?
And that's what that one chick said last night to Lorenzo.
What's wrong with little?
Anyway.
But not our crowd, man.
We're on AM.
I've told you for years, AM's garbage.
It's just crap.
The signal is crackly.
AM is like nickers.
It's like white buck shoes, you know.
It went out with men's two piece bathing suits.
AM radio is a fossil.
Of course they have digitalized the AM radio, but I don't think you want to be spending the pucks for digital radio transmission anytime soon.
In addition to which nobody's got any digital receivers anyway.
No.
That was like AM stereo.
Remember that?
No guide.
Remember which meaning we're out, meaning we need running around saying, oh yeah, well we're AM stereo on IOD for about an hour and a half.
I think it wasn't.
Well nobody's got any AM stereo radios.
Oh, oh.
You'd be amazed at how good the stuff sounds and these great speakers I've got here by the way.
You'd be very impressed.
Like that one knee.
What's that one thing on the ACN?
The terrorist warning.
Oh, to it's a beautiful morning that that thing.
If you could hear the sounds, the bells and the chimes and one channel to be able to once amazing.
I'm just rambling again because I'm fantasizing about that last show.
Is that going to be great?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, he'll be on it.
Here's Boyton Beach.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing, man?
Okay.
I just want to comment on reality TV.
Uh huh.
Well, you know, it's funny.
When I was a little kid they used to tell me all the time that nothing that you saw on TV was real.
And now today it seems like everything on TV they're trying to tell you is real.
No, we all know it's not real.
I mean, you know, let's all agree on it to begin with except some people that are morons that are very naive.
We all know it's not real.
But that's not the point.
The point is you can still enjoy it if there's enough interesting stuff to watch.
This is true.
It is great entertainment, but it's far from reality.
No, no question.
All right.
Well, I just want to give my two cents.
Thank you for your vacation, man.
Thanks very much.
I mean, whoever said TV had anything to do with reality TV is like Howard Beale said that great speech about work carnival.
We're a circus show.
We're like, you know, freaks and whatever.
That's right.
God, that was a great movie.
It's too bad more if you haven't seen network, you know.
But it's my coast.
You know me, my bizarre taste.
I'm way out there on the edge on the fringe of human existence.
5, 6, 7, oh, there's the guy from Sandy Utah from the police.
It's over.
Yeah.
Thank God.
Thank you.
Thank you.
There was a guy.
It's over.
He said, Elizabeth's home.
It's over.
Oh, that was, you know something?
I think that was right in league with that was right in there, man.
Let's go.
Another one of my magic moments.
5, 6, 7, oh, 5, 60.
Palm 5, 60.
Let's talk about something exciting here today.
I don't want to sit here and read all these tabloids.
I do have one about Catherine Hepburn, by the way, which we've been very Catherine Hepburn intensively.
And guess who was on biography channel last night?
Catherine Hepburn.
Good guess.
Excellent guess.
Remember we discovered that she's still alive?
Yeah.
She didn't do nearly as well on our death poles.
I thought she would.
And now if they would have known, guess how old she is?
But if you could see this picture, you would swear that she's not still alive.
Anyway, it says still feisty Catherine Hepburn turning 96.
And she's held back to making it to 100.
Oh, and they're going to move to sunrise lakes.
Man, if you could see this picture, well, you know what we get to 96.
Most of us hope we only look that good if we get to 96.
I'll be honest with you, Ma looks alive.
I'm not not that Ma's 96, but she's getting there.
Looks a lot better than this.
Although she's still the same.
56670560, pound 560 on EAT and T in Verizon Line.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hey, Neil.
I wanted to ask you, who is that that you guys use on that bit?
This is about 30.
Who is that?
Yeah, where does that come from?
Is that like a football?
That whole dirty bastard from that Regis bit.
Oh, okay.
Can I ask you a question and have you played it again?
I beg your pardon?
I want to ask you a question and then you play that bit.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
You know that surgeon who did the surgery on Feedler's Thumb?
How many surgeries did he need to use on Moly's hair piece?
I heard him.
There you go.
Good setup.
Thank you.
I'll miss you next week.
Thanks.
Bye.
Are they picking on Moly's hair piece again?
Yeah, good.
Hey, Bozo.
They already know.
They're already listening to billboards.
Why do you tell them?
Because they want to see him.
Asshole.
See, I'm not going to call him Bozo because that's like a clown, you know?
Mozo.
Yeah, Mozo.
That's, I like that.
Very good.
Hey, Mozo.
We're telling them where they are because they'd like to take a look at him.
You asshole.
You invasible.
You moron.
You crusty old fart.
You asshole.
And Doreen hates you by the way like poison.
She wishes you would die a wicked nasty death.
You asshole.
How do you like that, Mo?
Boy.
Mozo.
I love that.
Correct.
There's another great bid for you.
Mozo, the clown.
Don't you like it?
I can hear it already.
Hey, Brian.
I'll call him after the shot.
26 after 10 and 5 60.
Double know me.
Forget it.
I got to that spot after the show because of what's his name?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
And the MO piece is just pop it up and down on his bald on his skinheads.
A lovely thing.
Hey, it's Mark's Madness time of the year again.
If you're looking to lay down some bets, if you want to plunge your gut side, you better
know who you're dealing with.
And as we've been telling you for a long time now, VIPsportsbook.com be the best.
You can have complete trust in VIPsportsbook.com, a legal and licensed sportsbook
and one of the original online books and still the best.
You like high parlay odds?
How do parlay odds have up to 2001's sound?
How about a free same day payouts?
How about a 15% cash bonus ended your first deposit?
Sound good, you bet.
Most of all, for the past seven years, VIPsportsbook.com has earned a reputation as the sportsbook with
the best customer service.
Sportsbook review.com rated the number one customer service two years in a row.
It might be your turn to go on a roll of a lifetime.
And if it is, you better make sure you're dealing with the right sportsbook.
So sign up online at VIPsportsbook.com and get yourself a 15% cash bonus ended your first deposit.
Nothing like starting out a weiner.
Not online column tool free at 1-866-VIP-Bets.
That's 1-866-VIP-Bets.
But don't forget the 15% sound bonus is only available online.
So get your ass online and get you that 15% cash bonus today at VIPsportsbook.com or you be the VIP.
Find and local, here's sports video 560-CU-A-M.
And do I like that?
Here.
Here.
Renting on the airways, horny, bitchy one.
Fennacies will have to do.
You ain't getting on.
Reality escapes you.
You lie and you scheme.
Randy, dream on Randy.
You'll never have me.
Sorry, steamboat Randy.
Little bitch with dreams.
Going down life's sink in highway is that sad.
Lonely clouds.
Everyone knows the only one who's ego's in the clouds.
That bloodshot and wasted talking trash with a smile.
Your heads up your ass and ain't been out in a while.
Back down.
It ain't been out in a while.
I think that mole is old enough to collect antisocial security, don't you?
1033-5.
So when we are at old station, let's face it, there's a bunch of old fat guys mostly juiced in around like they're promoing on a fox thing and we're proud of it.
You know, I've got to be pushing 64-65.
And I just turned 60 and Hank is a little bit older than I am a few months.
And Mad Dog, let me tell you this.
People think because he sounds young, that's great.
Of course I sound young too.
But stop and think about it.
When Mad Dog was on the dolphins and they went back to back championships, those super balls, how many years ago do you think that was?
About third man.
Exactly.
72 and 73.
I got those old pictures from that I brought with us from IOD, the old promotional pictures.
You're putting Madditch and Bo Camp on all these people.
What a thick lustrous head of hair.
Madditch had.
Did he really?
Yeah.
Did you want to run your fingers through it?
No, not me.
Oh, me either.
But anyway, he's a great guy.
We love to Mad Dog and everybody else.
Two, he won that poor yesterday in spite of how the sperm people had desperately tried to screw it up there at the end.
And I have no idea why.
You know, when you've got that much success, when you have that much money, when you have that much fame, why is it that this insecurity always goes through his audience?
What is that all about?
The Howard's sperm audience.
I don't know, the emotional cripples.
Could be.
I don't know what that's all about.
Joe Rose for the Mad Dog today at one because Mad Dog is on his way to a weekend.
Hank is a three from Gulfstream.
Plunge in his brains out over there.
Six, fifty.
You have against Rutgers baseball.
After the UM baseball game at EK and in two to seven in the morning at CSPN radio because, you know, it's cheap.
Here's our chronic, our most chronic of all factors.
You know, I'm thinking about this factor.
You know that you just sent me?
Yeah.
For factors every day at least once.
Didn't we have a period where he sent us a couple of hostels?
You know, they all get cranky.
That's the thing, you know.
They get cranky.
Not that many months ago he sent us something at all bent out of shape and, you know, was spewing.
But anyways, it's just how the QM staff on a picture page of your website observations.
Josh Darrow has to be gay.
Greg Reed has to be gay, you know.
And Lou Ann is a hottie.
Absolutely positively not.
Wow.
Get this man some MagnaVision reading glasses.
Okay, maybe Mikey, let's them behind.
Lou Ann is a hottie.
Wow, even.
Bro!
I wouldn't say that.
She's about as hot as a goddamn ice cube.
Get serious.
Well maybe he was drunk when he was looking at the website.
That could be.
Maybe he was looking at the website.
Now, maybe he was looking at a Troy Stratford when that lovely piece on.
That could be it.
5'6'7'05'60".
That's 5'60.
The lovely piece on earth.
It's a beautiful thing.
Make no mistake.
In fact, maybe the caption on it should say,
Troy Stratford says, give piece a chance.
Here's Miami, hello.
I'm Climio.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
And back to you.
Well, first and foremost, I want to congratulate George for winning the poll.
You as a gay poll, remember?
Yeah.
Okay.
5'6'7'05'60".
5'60 on the AT&T.
Same old, tired trolls.
Man, that last show was starting to sound really appealing to me.
Maybe we can fast forward.
Get a hold of James Dere and Pat Boone.
Give me that time tunnel.
And Malcolm McDowell.
Fast forward like 3.5 years to that very last show on QAIM.
And then we'll actually invite all of these lifeless group balls to call them for one last time.
You know, we'll have Eddie on Eddie, all of them.
Got one of the eyes, the guy with a fanny pack.
One of those people going to do, by the way.
Oh, they said, by the way, by the by.
One of those people going to do.
Well, I'm saving up for lots of gasoline.
We're going to have one giant mass emulation for them all.
That sounds good.
My word, as well.
My word, as well.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
When is this?
Miami.
Hello, my deans.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, these reality TV programs.
Yeah.
I think it's stuck myself.
Yeah.
A good comedy, a good drama, anything to be better.
Hell, I'll watch wrestling before I watch a reality TV show.
Yeah.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
I'll watch a reality TV show.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Robert has two amazing lines.
Oh, Dirty.
Uh, Puff Daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the hundred dollar question.
Hey, the first time, man.
First question.
And, uh, the next voice you hear will be his.
He'll come on the line.
He'll ask you the question.
He'll give you four possible choices.
Are you set?
Hey, man.
Next voice you hear will be his.
And, 30 seconds begins now.
What is that?
You'll do it.
Finish this off for me.
Alright?
Hey, man.
Hickory, dickory, blank.
Is it A, Doc, B, P, C, Marino, or D, in a little bit?
Oh, oh, oh.
Come on, man.
I don't got much time.
Man, I know this, man.
I know it.
I see it's P.
P, you sure?
About, about 30, man.
Listen, a lot of money, man.
About 30.
Alright, man.
Thank you very much.
Hey, man.
Times off, uh, old dirty said P.
You know what, I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
It's stuck.
And it's a good one.
You've got a hundred dollars.
Run, you run, you run.
Run, jump, jump, jump, jump, .
Ten fortities.
We got that fax pouring-off the machine one moment please.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, theverithin.
Oh, I thought it was going to be something really awesome.
You know something like the faxs are becoming as chronic as
the carers becoming?
boners' blend really has low downpadded's, so I just heard
a bit about the billboards and knives ... it's cute.
one thing of many that drives me crazy.
Hello, he has to say program.
Well, that's old real old fashion, you know, old parts like him.
Even older than me.
I guess a program is more important than a show.
So look for the upcoming name change, the Howard David program.
Okay.
The Howard David Mozo show.
10 before 11 at 560 W. Come.
I'm thinking of playing like stuff the rest of the day
because they don't seem to have very much material to do.
You notice that.
But it's Friday.
Friday is generally a lately.
I've been pretty well.
It probably gets the spring break thing and weekend thing.
Yeah.
The war thing.
The war thing they're getting ready for it.
They're in the home depot now getting all their
goddamn duct tape.
They're showing all these assholes out there protesting against
the war protesters.
That's the new thing.
Yeah.
All the right wing top show host, which is almost every one of them.
They're whipping up all their people going out there with their
American flags and their weapon.
Everybody up.
Let's kill Martin Sheen and Barbara Streisand.
You know, that kind of crap.
They're getting pissed off from far enough.
Let's do something patriotic like kill a bunch of people.
That's right.
Here's North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
I realize you weren't taking suggestions for the poll.
But I want to go opinion.
You think cops is reality or no?
I never watched it.
Technically.
Is it?
It's a crop.
They just follow cops around with the camera.
Is it a good show?
It can be.
It has been.
Has the potential to be.
I mean, if you like blood and gore and car crashes and drug
war and beat up, you mean we're going to should be our president?
OK.
Well, think about it.
We'll give it some considerations, sir.
Thank you.
You think cops should be on air?
Yeah, sure.
Do you do?
For what?
Now you're going to get Eric all bent out of shape.
We got everything on it.
We're all ready.
And what?
I wouldn't want to do that.
Don't do that.
We got 357 votes.
That's not bad.
Not still our fact.
We had a whole bunch of them that don't have any votes yet.
Like I'm a celebrity, sir.
We're a life-batch lorette.
Shipmates, fraternity, life, Nashville, star.
Oh, there's a zillion of them here.
Road rules doesn't have any.
And of course, you know why?
Why?
That's not our crowd.
Our crowd don't watch road to me.
They don't watch MTV.
Although real world's got 14.
True.
That must have been a mistake.
What TV reality show do you like the best we ask?
They all suck 188.52.6%.
And you know something.
I'm being hard on those people.
But up until last night, my scene at R.U. Hunt,
I would have voted that too.
No, I already said that.
I would have voted for real world.
So like I said, I wouldn't say they all suck.
Osborne 36, your vibrant 28, American Idol 22,
real world 14, fear factor 10.
Are you hot and blind date each with nine?
Each with only nine.
It's not our crowd, man.
Our crowd is only in moldy, baby.
Old and moldy.
We got the Geratoral set.
We got the Palladant crowd now.
That's what clearance is.
Those demographics are getting older and older and older.
Let's hire a few more old hosts.
Incredible clearance.
You're doing it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 10.
I last attempt to get these lines
and smoke it on here.
Otherwise, we're going to like,
we only be two hours anyway.
Because we got seen.
Patty's day coming up and play mostly bits the rest of the way.
I hate to do because people say,
well, that's a cop out.
He's going to make a case now Monday, God damn it.
But you're just laying down again.
Here's a call from Jupiter.
Hello.
Two of the best things I like about raping Mo are.
I never have to worry about getting AIDS because that's
Oh, God.
Oh, that voice.
That voice.
Five six seven oh five six.
The pound five six.
The on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines,
just stop and think about what a public service we do on
this program, letting you know that these people are out there.
Even though you didn't hear that one.
It was not a big deal.
Just a mindless faceless voice.
Dullesville.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Oh, that me, I'm sorry.
Can you hear me?
I beg your pardon. Is this a mobile implantation you talking to? Yes sir. Oh cool. What's up? Hey, what about that show?
Undress on MTV
Undress no, it's not a reality show. What is that? I thought it was soap opera. Oh, oh, they
Okay, we'll move on then. I'm sorry. Nice try, pal. Bye. Bye. See you. Bye. Bye. Bye
But I don't get hostile with him. He thought it was a reality show
Now you're getting just as hostile as they are. You're gonna love George next week
He's gonna be real hostile anti social hostile
We're gonna apply for his anti social security. I'm gonna be some old night for next week
Yeah, get out the big ship for next week. Oh, that's gonna be really good. I saw it. Oh, I can I can hear it now
Jorge fills in for the pipe smoke of this morning at nine o'clock
You know when you used to tell me that I guess I was an Amsterdam when he started doing that last summer with that pipe smoker business
And I see I sometimes it's hard to separate his voice the reality like that fact said from the vocal Brian bits
But the fact that he actually was saying that Jorge fills in for the pipe smoke of this morning at nine o'clock
I mean this man is so terminally homophobic that that's all he knows
Like a lot of the people in the audience. That's his only comeback
You know, and this is come back and using these archaic terms for it to like pipe smoker
Who now I never even heard of that until you started telling me about this the pipe smoker in the 1900s
I think that's the term they used in fact maybe that should be the name of my show the pipe smoker program
The three P's I smoke a pipe
5 6 7 0 5 60
man you are an old funny dutty mo and old funny dutty
Trust me. No wonder he lives in bokeh
Here's a call from Davy hello
Hey, you know what's up long time. Yes sir. All right black man young black man and Davy
I want to write excellent. That's what I'm talking about two things. Okay one real world put me down for that vote if you can
Okay, two of these freedom fried things. I know you were talking about him yesterday
I work at a place out in Daniel. I'm not gonna specify the name. We're working the cafeteria
But yeah, my goodness. They they I've mentioned to them as a joke, you know, hey, let's change the French to freedom
And they just go right along with it. I don't want to say Bama red neck. I don't want to say
I
Unbelieveable
Hello vacation man always keep up a good job and George keep talking bro. Thanks a lot brother
Any time I see
Well, that's another thing about Lorenzo Lamester. He's since you were ripping me does on that show
You're right. He tries to be a little bit too cool, you know, yeah, okay, bro. Hi job, bro. Yeah, I mean
You're almost as old as I am by now. I was wrestling with a big snake exactly
Like the other guy no must know fuss. I don't even know what his name is the design. I have let me say it again
It's not important who the judges are. I know, but you got to see him and hear him
No, of course that's a part of the show
But who they are is not important and you seem to be so transfixed on it
I think George has a thing for Lorenzo Lamester. Yeah, there you go
He is one of your people by the way. I thought he was a wap
Lorenzo Lamis no, no, whatever. Oh, he's Fernando Lamis's son man. You better get with it
1026 at 560
The
WQAM we're radio ish on QAM
Live and loco
Hey, if you're still worried about buying a bed over the phone because you just think it's a big purchase
You don't want to do that have no fear over a million smart people have done that including me and hundreds more are doing it every week from
Dialometrics a mattress like I keep telling you has such a big impact on the way you feel every day
If you get a good night's sleep you wake up beyond refreshed and like really alive
Even if you're not call one 800 mattress MATT RES right now
And you'll have a sensational might sleep guaranteed from dialometris on one of the finest mattresses ever made because they carry only the best in the world
All the top brands are waiting for you dialometris
Seely surd the Simmons King Coral every size and style they ranked number one and customer satisfaction in the universe
dialometris has got more repeat and referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat your right including that
Amazing delivery guarantee they give you to within a to our window that's convenient for you when you're gonna be there
Once you buy a mattress and dialometris I guarantee you'll never go back to the old-fashioned way of
Shlip into a showroom again and don't forget when you do buy your mattress and dialometris
They take away the crappy old smelly bedding and set up your brand new beautiful one for free
That's correct dialometris takes away the crappy old soil nasty bedding and sets up your beautiful brand new one for free
So make the call right now to dial a mattress and drag great night's sleep call one 800 mattress
1 800 MATT RES for our good pizons at dialometris
for 20560
way
way
Try the you bastard
And so we got yet another installment of the spectacular mobile the David and his show
We got J. Feetler coming up as a very spatial guest and after that we got another very special guest coming up tomorrow
That will be a J. Feetler
What are you doing now?
Mal?
What are you doing?
Mal!
I'm clippin' my nose here. What's it to you?
You just can't do a morning show and cut your nose here.
I think what are you gonna do about it?
Huh? It's my show. I'll do what I want.
Just like I was telling that shrieman paint they called a rain.
That's not nice.
Ready and made not nice.
You see the size of that broadened?
Talk about jumpable.
Somebody wants to paint yes or no on a race.
I wish you know about promotions anyway.
Huh? The only thing she's good for is keeping the farmers happy.
Why don't you can eat and entire him?
Uh oh!
He's back in and now.
Yeah. I can smell the prince match him a belly.
You have to go in the air and say those nasty things about me.
Oh, there you come into my place of business.
Don't you know we'll have like Elko a theater.
I've had enough.
You promised old dead rat hair paste wearing fossilized metal music filled motherless.
I'll see here. That's all you're fired.
Hey, you bastard.
Don't come near me.
Oh, I'm gonna cross the whole room.
Don't put on his face.
You're gonna crush him.
And between my buns.
I'm getting out of here.
Get me.
Yeah, I'm gonna get you a blast of pressure.
It helps us.
Hi.
4
time-time slash are you hot? If you got it go do it again. Oh geez. Well no I hate to do this
because your damn computer is so slow there and I'll host my internet access. I'll be
learning now. No no seriously. Click that thing on again. I'm going. You got it? No. I click
come on. How is that possible? You memory must have really suffered during that stroke.
Don't tell me we've got a faulty bunch of crap down here huh? Come on let's get with it.
Let's see you've been throwing it out there. No way that's all we don't be defecated anymore.
You just you just out of control. What is with these people? Go away. I just wanted him to hear it
from you. That's why you don't have to do it. Let me ask you this question. Yeah. If you like a
program, see not sure if you like a program, what's wrong with this concept? Listen to it. Enjoy it,
save it, squeeze it. Yank it. Well what's wrong with that? No no. Why do you have to keep
faxing me? I don't want to see your scrolling crap the way when Paul you make me nauseous. Okay.
I can't stand you. So that's my fault. Have you got this? Yeah. I got it on there. Okay you see
where it says the hot gallery? Right. Click that on. Okay. Well no. First guy Kevin from Illinois that's
got the bad teeth. You said he had bad teeth? Yes. Okay. There's Kerry. She's okay. She's a little
scary. She's all right. I give her about nine. Wouldn't you? Okay. I don't have that up yet.
What are you talking about? I clicked it. It's low. You should be able to flip through these like
flatsaxes, man. Like Dr. Gupta's pedaling and flatsaxes and waffles on certainly not news network.
Then you got me. Let me be coming up now. Lisa, what are you talking about?
I'm. I'm traveling like that. It's nobody who does. Click it on next. I can't get the hot gallery out.
And anyway after Travis, I'm sure some people in the audience are following along. There's Kevin from
Weston, Florida, who's 18. He's a club promoter and he's a you know the point I was trying to make
beside the fact that he's not only I give him about a 42 on a scale of 10. If he isn't an
identical twin to Tony Dow with a great with a great body, huh? A little gay banter here now. I
mean, he looks like Tony Dow's twin brother. Are you? Tony Dow look, I remember it from this morning.
I'm getting this. I'm running low on virtual memory. I can't do anything. I say how about you,
Carlos? Can you get on this? What's the website? I forget about it. Just forget it.
This is Kevin from Weston, Florida, a local boy. He was a zone two finalist and semi final,
whatever that means. I don't know what that means. He's a club promoter and he looks like Tony Dow's
twin brother with a great body. It's all I can say. Just mention that in passing. Stars, noisy
sex needles, neighbors, sexy Jennifer Esposito's, Esposito's mating call has her big apples,
neighbors, howling. Seems that the spin city bombshell is making so much noise in bed that the board
in her East Village co-op is threatening legal action if she doesn't put a sock in it.
And I'm done with she's putting something else in it. We've asked her several times to insulate
her apartment so we don't have to hear all that's going on. One neighbor complains when she has
visitors, it's clearly heard. How do you like that? Talking about being a wild...
...and it's the 31st summer of Sam's Star when I'm really into somebody I give so much.
Esposito has been romantic with all my children, Hunk, Cameron Mathison, Angelina Jolie's ex-husband
Johnny Lee Miller, model restaurant to her Christchurch and most recently Jato's ex-Christ Judd.
Rhymes with Crud. Her spokesperson insists that Esposito's been too busy in California to
have bothered the neighbors for the past year but board members are demanding that she
crumple at least 80% of her apartment to cut down on the sound effects which not only include
her bedroom or areas but also her screaming at her dog Frankie Bean and blasting,
deafening techno music says the neighbor we know more about her life than we care to.
But she gives her all she said,
Welcome. How do you like that?
I'm pissed off. Huh? This thing won't open, it won't go anywhere. I'm going to have to reset the
computer. There's some good looking people on that thing. That's what I'm trying to tell you,
it was a great show last night and obviously I'm the only one at the sod. I saw it and George
were the only two people at sod. What's her name? Why don't you give me your name? Jennifer Jessica?
No, that's not Rachel. Rachel. Rachel. Rachel was a sweetheart. She was beautiful.
I'm telling you, there were like a half a dozen people on that show last night that there is
almost nobody in this audience that wouldn't have said, oh, and you know another thing I do like
about that show? Sat. Now you're telling me that the one guy which we don't know who he is,
the one judge he's gay. I don't know what he is. Yeah. And then you got Lorenzo Lamas,
who's obviously a real lady. And then he's not gay. Right. You may be may not like him.
And then of course, what's your name there in the middle? Rachel. Rachel Sumpenter.
Is that it? You'd like to. Yes, I would. But in any way, the point I'm trying to make is it
doesn't make any difference whether it's the guys or the chicks, but they all, these far ones saying
in other words, they're not looking at it from this. Oh, gee, if I say something good about the guy,
I'm gonna throw the bag. You know, that whole uptight thing like most of our small audience is that tight.
No, no, they just, you know, they, in other words, I think that's a real step in a right direction
for television. In other words, I can look at a human being and say, hey, there's somebody
looks really good. That doesn't mean I want to hop on their bones necessarily. Or maybe I do,
who knows, but that's the whole different subject. And I think that's a breath of some kind of air.
You know what I mean? Yeah. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello.
You know, yes, sir. Uh, remember last week when Bush had his press conference and there was
some speculation about whether he was medicated, you know, more endowed even mentioning it. Yeah.
In her column. Well, when he was on about an hour ago, he was talking like in a total monotone.
Yeah, I put a few seconds of it on. I almost fell asleep. I had to get it off.
Well, he just had this blank look in a total monotone. I'm wondering.
The least he's consistent. Yeah. Well, that's true. And you know, see a colon there to prop him up.
Right. Well, wasn't his father taking some kind of, uh, mood drug back then?
I think he started doing that after he puked in Japan after he puked all over the Japanese Prime Minister.
I think he started taking some crap. Yeah, that could be. Well, you know, God is, uh,
you know, guiding everything W does. That's right. He's guiding his hand.
Have you noticed how he's sticking it right up our back?
Um, have you noticed how a fundamentalism and right wing politics go hand in hand?
I mean, like you really never see a left-winger that's a fundamentalist Christian.
No, if you never see left-wingers pushing religion, at least I don't.
Right. Trying to, you know, with the, well, what it amounts to, right-wingers are
intolerant. They want to tell everybody else what to think, what how to do, and, and everybody
must think like them. Everybody must have to and go step like them. And that's what, that's become
all about. We have, we have the Democrat Party, which is the impotent party, totally impotent.
And we have the Republican Party, which is now the right-wing, uh, fascist party,
taking over about much religious zealots. And, and there's nothing left in between for the masses,
which is most everybody. There's nothing in between. Well, you know, you've, you've talked about how,
you know, all the stuff that was written down in the Bible, who knows what went on then. But,
look, look at the Mormon church. We know everything about the origins of that church. We know the,
most of the documents are fake. We know, uh, Joseph, don't be knocking Joseph Smith now. He's
with Pell Mareboy. He was a con man. Good upstate New York con. Uh, uh, yeah. He was a convicted
con man. And yet you still have people like in Baker? Yeah, exactly. You never gonna have a great
day. Okay. Okay. Good call, but I mean, just now we're starting to snooze off a little bit. You
know what I'm saying? What? Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60 pound, five, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon.
See with me. I mean, when you're preaching to the choir, I don't want to keep repeating this and
rehashing that same stuff over and over again. What's the point? You know where I stand? You know
where we sit. And that's it. Right? Right. On what's the point of continuing to hash? I gave you all
the books. In fact, we ought to put those two books both on our website, Carlos. Can you handle
that or should we wait till next week? Well, I can tell you Eric about it. Well, that's what I'm
talking about. Now don't start, you know, don't start again. Gore-Vidal, perpetual war for perpetual
peace. How we got to be so hated. And the hunting of the president, the 10-year campaign to
destroy a villain Hillary Clinton by Joe Connison and Gene Lyons. You got it? Got it. Oh, that was
delicious. Hmm. What was it? That was like a peppermint flavored grips. And I haven't eaten, I can
don't eat peppermint. I don't know what that was. To finish. You maybe swallow. There's Tony Blair.
Can now result in the emergence of an independent, democratic and viable Palestinian state,
living side by side in peace and security. Isn't this amazing that just an hour ago,
the president and Roland Coulden were on their together talking the very same topic about how we
got to get this middle east peace process going again. We got to have a Palestinian state. And
here's Tony Blair. It's like he's got a puppet in his pocket. We think they call each other.
Very much. First. You're welcome, Tony. You're out, Tony. You're done. You're dead meat sweet.
12 minutes after 11 at 560 WQM, it's getting to be a hundred in the shade in South
Woods. It's going to be a long, hot summer and very few. You folks are going to want to start
stand over a hot stove, cook and dinner. Maybe you ought to start thinking about grilling like
right now. For all your barbecue needs, here's a great place to shop. Barbecue's galore. Barbecue's
lowest prices in the in town and all this weekend, even better and lower than usual because
barbecue's galore is holding their big annual spring sale today. Tomorrow and Sunday,
take advantage of humongous savings. Like 15% off most barbecues and accessories at Barbecue's galore,
save over $275 on a 52 inch grand turbo stainless steel cart with rear rotisserie stainless
grills and sideburner. The prices absolutely unbeatable. Unbeatable. Or how about saving on a
Weber grill, just great for tailgating. They got a barbecue for every price range. They have
smokers, patio heaters, accessories, cookbooks, sauces and all of these things around sale as well.
You get big selection, awesome sale prices and an knowledgeable friendly staff will put you
with the right grill for what you need. Top brands, great service and the annual spring sale going
on today through Sunday only at Barbecue's galore, your Barbecue's specialist. Say 15% all weekend long
at Barbecue's galore, you'll find them in plantations and across springs. For exact directions,
and the location, column tool free, 1-800-grill-up. That's 1-800-grill-up for our friends at Barbecue's galore.
Oh my god! Coming this fall to CBS, it's Survivor 3, Texas style.
Tin contestants will start in Dallas, travel through Waco, Austin, San Antonio and over to Houston,
then we'll travel that Equipers Christie in Brownsville. Each contestant will be driving a pink
bowl bowl with a bumper sticker to free. I'm gay, I voted for Al Gore and I'm here to confiscate
your guns. The first one to make it back to Dallas wins, Survivor 3, this fall on CBS.
It's 1117 at 560 WQM Sunday, shining going to be 38 today, going to be 45 tomorrow and 50,
50 on Sunday. Ready for that? I'm ready. 56 on Monday. Oh! You know what it is right now?
530 man. Exactly. 567-0560. See, we never realized it was going to come in so handy.
The women didn't know it yet. I love it. Which TV reality show do you like best? 53.6% of this
audience say they all suck. 230 people say they suck, they blow, they bite, we can't stand it,
we can't handle it. 429 votes and 230 of them say they all suck. 42 say the Osborne's, 35 say
Survivor 23 American Idol, MTV Real World 16, Fear Factor and Are You Hot Tide with 12.
Well, at least Are You Hot's moving up a little bit, you know on a Richter scale?
It's good. They checked out that website. Maybe they'll watch it next Thursday night.
What time is it on? 9-10? Yeah, I think. Blind dates got 11 amazing races, 9 Joe
Millionaires got 8 and in a cool smith shows got 5 for people like Big and Porky who wants to
be a millionaire and temptation island and Big Brother each have 4. Sorority Life 3, a pair for
the mole meet my folks, the bachelor and the rest have either one or the big. A lot of them still have none.
Just amazes me. What is it that our audience watches? What do they watch? Besides the WWF, they watch.
You know something I think you just hit it. For years we've been looking for the big hit show
that's a that can't miss right. Gears specifically toward the self-port audios, a show called
We know how you smell it. We're as soon as we figure out how you smell it. We just have we just
have a bunch of angry looking people sitting around going. Yeah, what do you hate? What do you hate?
What do you hate? It's a hit. Sure. It's a hit.
I'm a mad at hell. I think it's perfect. Here's a call from a Miami Beach. Hello.
Yes, sir. I just received my email of you amusing quotes. I thought I'd like to share with you about
the frame. About what? About the frame. Thank you. No, thank you.
Carlos, if you put it in realize we're not getting like a zillion calls today, but if you put
it in more 400-year-old people, you're not going to live to be like 30. You know what I'm saying?
Don't be doing it, Jack.
Hey, Hans, speaking of Jack, is would you call that a reality show? No.
What would you call it? Those are all, uh, I'm trying. Members of a staff and then it's all set up
and, you know, they do stuff. I see. Oh, the reality show is when the kids emulated and tried to do
what they get killed in the acrylic, which is actually funny, by the way. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60. I have a list of... I'm telling you, man, we're starting to get the Randy Rose crowd.
Wow. Yeah, see that? The old person we had yesterday, that's scary to me.
When we got 6.9% of this audience who listens to the goddess, like her ranting and raving about how
she's going to save the world from the clutches of right-wing fascism, I got news for her, man. We
got tourists here on the station and I got news for you too, Mozo. We need those 7,500 billboards.
And what we're going to do all next week is George's is going to read the addresses over and over again.
Right. And also continue going back and poking the lights out on yours so nobody can see it at night.
Well, we got, you know, phones. I got a cell phone. And in addition, what's he worried about people
seeing it at night when it's dark out because his audience has passed their bedtime anyway when it
gets dark now? Follow what I'm saying. Come on. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and for
rise in line. Let's see if we can get somebody a little younger on this next call. North Miami. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Are you under the age of 100?
41. Good. All right. Perfect. Neil, I saw that hot, that hot or not show. And now that actually,
there was some good look at people in that show. That's my point. There were some beautiful people on that show.
Even the guys and I'm a breeder. Yeah. Listen, I called you about five years ago. And I was grabbing on 95
and in a testament to your divine powers. You were talking about the Bobby Materials Stadium.
Do you remember that? And I look over on the 95 and there it is. Unfire.
Right. I remember that. Listen, Neil, I want to keep going to mess with me.
That's right. That's right. If I was you, I'd keep my eye on most billboard.
You know, I don't even know who Mo is. Good. Listen, Neil, I want to make a comment about the
visitors that we get. I remember about a year and a half. I remember that call about two months
ago where the Fox, the Fox lady called in about kind of Lisa. Yeah. And I barely caught that. And,
you know, everyone, everyone always accused of your show of being racist and yet, yet, yet, and I remember.
No, they don't. Wait a minute. No, not everyone. Fox News Heather and John Gibson and Mo Howard
David and a couple of other people. Nobody else has ever accused this of being a racist show,
including the listening audience. Nobody's ever said that. No, I remember back in the days when you
were on W on O D and, you know, I remember that you're making guy calling you up and rooting out saying how,
you know, you guys, you'll pick on the football players, the black guys, but it's Patrick kicking the
snout out of his pregnant wife was okay. But that's one guy. That's one guy. I agree. But his
part was well taken. You know, but I just want to just want to make a comment about, you know, the
moral day weekend and the visitors we have now and all these F-50 heads that are coming in for the
winner of musical festival, you know, and everything else. And to be honest with you, about a year and
half ago when this whole thing exploded, my moral day weekend and I live on top beach. And I'll be
honest with you, these people didn't create the chaos that you portrayed on your radio show. And I
know that there's people calling in from Davey that never been a top beach in a life. But I can't
tell his monkey's out of here in the tonight. And I didn't see it, man. I see a lot worse things
with a white party this week, the spring break. It's year round here. You know, it's not just the
moral day. Yeah, that's my two cents. Okay. All right. That's right. Thank you. What did he say?
He said I'm a racist five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 see this is the last desperate gas. You
see everything else that they tried to Catholic church, the fact thing, everything else didn't work.
So now wow, he's a racist. See, play that condolence and have their restitution. So that didn't work
either. Didn't work.
Desperate. You want to read some of those right wing websites, man? You just you either laugh or
cry some of the crap that they write. These are the most paranoid delusional people on the face of
the globe. The only problem is that a bunch of them are running the country now. That's the sad part.
And boy, talk about a bunch of red, necky gun, totten, flag, waven, right wing. And these people are
civil rights workers. Who now are they kidding? Huh? These are the same people who like to shove
Rosa Parks back to the back of the bus. And by the way, the guy that called him with that Rosa
Parks deal that day on a poll about who's going to croak next, he wouldn't fool anybody.
Well, my work is complete. My work is done. What was the name of that? So my work,
you know, it's sad. It's just pathetic. You don't know whether to laugh or cry with these people
because nobody is permitted to go on a year and express themselves. And especially now that we
got Michael Powell, the son of a colon rolling as the chairman of the FCC. Well, we're going to
call Powell, okay? And your whole FCC screw your ass. You piece of crap. Once more deregulation,
once the chief channel and one or two other companies own every goddamn radio station,
every TV station, every freaking newspaper. In fact, why don't we just like Rupert Murdoch
on them all? How's that sound? Sure. And you talk about a freaking hypocrite, man. Although,
I mean, talk about a genius. Yeah. We talked about this a few days ago. On the one hand, he's got the
Fox entertainment network that brings in all of this money, the young demographics and brings in a ton
of money with everything cutting edge, pushing the envelope as far as he possibly can. And on the
other hand, raking in all of those big bucks from the advertising on a Fox entertainment. So he's
going on his fascist news network, all spin all day, all right, wing lies all day, all crap all day.
I'm going to do it. And the insane. Pretty clever. And pretty dangerous.
26 after 11 at 560 WQM 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Haven't even
gotten to our story about Sydney fears dad's explosions and wants to move. OJ daughter trapped in a house
of pain. Oi, we will get to it. Maybe and maybe not, you know, maybe not. This thing's flying along
today. Here it is almost 11 30 already, George. Tom layman and Joe Prieto, Halle, Pontiac GMC are
proud. They're pleased this punch to announce the Neil deal March Madden sale and it's going on
right this moment as we speak. Neil deal number one, pick out any new GMC or Pontiac in stock,
for example, like the 33 mile a gallon vibe prices lowest 13,998 bucks and get yourself 0%
financing for up to 60 months. That is absolutely correct, folks. Zero percent for up to 60 months.
Neil deal number two, choose any new vehicle and stock and get you up to a $3,000 rebate.
Get you a $3,000 rebate on any new vehicle that's stock at Halle right now.
Halle's also got great Neil deals on used car trucks and SUVs and if you're worried about your
credit, if things are a little bit tough on your payments, if your credit record isn't perfect,
maybe it's pretty disastrous. It makes no difference because Halle's famous for getting you
a deal somehow. It's another set of great Neil deals going on right now at Halle Pontiac and
they're still in the same great location they've been going strong for over 35 years because they
know how to do it right. 134.01 South Dixie Highway, that's US 1 across from the falls open every day
of your life seven days a week. For more information called the Neil deal hotline, it's a tool-free call,
1-885-344-211. That's 1-885-344-211 and don't forget all Neil deals are subject to credit
approval. See these are for details. Halle's Pontiac GMC who proudly say we are professional grade.
Why do you believe in the law? We are sports radio fighters who are UAM.
Why the U-Bestings?
Oh, they're coming down for heaven, oh, Pontiac GMC.
A great day for the Hey Rich Hall across the USA. What big oil, what is this right here?
The scryon valley who does a bunch of queers again this year who say that I wish to
oh God loves the Aeush and less of course your gay if you are you won't be marching
upon Saint Patty's Day you can be your bum a bucket of scum sure that's okay but you can't be
Aeush if you're gay. Now the order of high parnians was him and in sus gray I've delivered
this pronouncement upon a blessed day sure a little bit of heaven fell and nestled in the sea.
Okay, but you're going straight to hell for homosexuality.
Here. Oh come loves the Aeush as long as men are men.
It's a perhaps the livercarns we've never been sure of ever.
You can sing in drunken hurlin' songs for laugh it all away but you can't be a eush if you're gay.
No. No. You can't be a eush if you're gay.
No. Don't even try a b in the Aeush if you're gay.
No.
Happy Saint Patty's Day which means a lot of green beer a lot of green bagels remember they used
to bring in a green bagel said i would say they one joint yes and did.
Maybe you'll be getting those on Monday I think.
No.
1132 keep breathing in the air net studio you'll be green enough I guarantee you that.
Which TV we only showed you like the best we asked in our poll today not expecting this kind
of a hostile response 460 votes I mean it's just for fun it's just a survey okay the world is not
hinging on it's not as important as all the stuff that she's doing change in the world on
a radio 251 people that's 54.5% of you say they all suck all reality shows suck they bite they below
the Osborne's has 43 survivor 39 American Idol 23 real world from MTV has got 16
fear factor 14 are you hot Scott lucky 13 blind date 11 amazing racist 10 everybody else
single digits you know and let me say this to you how come we have so many who say they all
suck and yet Joe millionaire was one of the biggest toppings of conversation on this radio station
remember sure oh yeah there was the money grabbing bitches blah blah blah they loved it
the same people are all whipped up about the masters and keeping the bitches out and everything
I want to keep that gay club going up there in Augusta the same people were calling all the sports
nerd shows right the ratings wouldn't be as high as they are if everybody hated them.
Perhaps it's not our crowd okay they're trying to pretend where we're not asking to lie about
this thing pretend to be intellectual you know like all those people oh I watched the uh I
watch what's his name every night Ted Coppill no you don't nobody watches Ted Coppill 5 6 7 0 5 6
the pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line oh yeah this story I saw the other day about
the Dixie Ticks you go girl hard I think you're important I said you go girls the Dixie Ticks are
drawing harsh words from Captain music fans for Mark Singer Natalie means made about president
George W during a recent performance in London means told the audience earlier this week just so
you know we're ashamed of the president of the United States is from Texas angry phone calls
flooded national radio station WKDFM Thursday some calling for a boycott of the Texas Trio's music
the group released a statement Thursday saying they bid overseas for several weeks and the
anti-American sentiment that's unfolded there is astounding while we support our troops there's
nothing more frightening than notion going to war with Iraq and the prospect of all the innocent
lives will be lost they said in a separate statement Thursday Maine said I feel the president is
ignoring the opinion of many in the West and alienating the rest of the world my comments were made
in frustration and one of the privileges being an American is your free to voice your own point of
view uh what you forgot somebody forgot to tell her she didn't get the memo that's BW before a W
here not no more you ain't sweetheart she's in deep crap now five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's Carl Springs hello
Carl Springs hello Neil yes how are you I'm actually going to drink the topic on you I want to
ask you no no what is what does that mean well what what is the topic hockey yeah
so we'll actually get rid of the other five listeners that are out there no more you see you're
gonna change the topic what is the topic we don't have a topic are you been talking about the reality
shows man it's not that's the poll stop the topic go ahead hockey hockey hockey a couple of things
don't yell more play seven shifts gets wiped out gets into these on crutches may never play again
nice going there to a dog go ahead slowly three times last night losing over time to Calgary 403
falling leaves man these deluded people here they're all talking Stanley Cup they're in
they're on drugs they're on crack go ahead what did you think of the Valerie Burray trade
wait what do you mean I think of it it's it wasn't a trade it was just unloading salary it was
what they keep doing do you know anything about the guy you got though no I know anybody ever
raised just another kid he's just another prospect not just another kid he actually had a great
rookie year last year he didn't make it we think Louis this year because the problem was
his great rookie year was in direct uh research sure let me say this to you let me say this to you
right now can I say something to you they unloaded salary and the fact is they can have all these
promising youngsters for as long as they want but if they're going to continue not using the money
from Pavel Burray salary and Valerie Burray salary everybody else that they dumped out of there
they're they're going to continue to be nothing but years of frustration net franchises in big big
trouble they've got the nucleus of what could be a really good team if they had if they had some
federal guys in there how would you like to still have Ray Whitney and Mike Sonser and Scott
Melonby on the team Scott Melonby who scored four goals in the one game last week I understand that
I'm a huge blue fan well I'm just telling you they they've they've got to the team you know
and you couldn't have a bunch of of underpaid huh one of the guys you didn't even mention with
two wives that takes two wives that's ancient history I mean people that want to keep talking about
that that's ancient history but I'm just talking about it in the last year and a half or two years
right here's my other question why is it that seems like New Jersey and Detroit always are able to
make great deals with the trade deadlines don't these other organizations get tired of it like the
fans do I mean how does Detroit get Matthew Schneider's trade deadline I don't like Matthew Schneider I
think he's highly overrated but I'd rather have Matthew Schneider than Phil Howesley was 100
years old but because Detroit is willing to spend the money they fill that place every night they
make a fortune they got a ton of money and that's why they do it it's like it's like it's like the
Rangers now who are still within shouting distance of making it because they got a $75 million
payroll you realize the Panthers payroll is the third or fourth lowest in league it's $23 million
dollars fine out the joke even even the Buffalo Sabers who are just being bought thank God to save
them out through the deals going through and out of the sale but even the Sabers who've got a bigger
payroll in the Panthers how do you compete when you're not paying anybody when you're not bringing
in any asses in the seats this group man Alan Cohen and his buddies you know they may have meant
meant the best but they had no clue what they were getting into they have no idea what they're doing
now I mean I've only been down to maybe a dozen games this year but it's still the same
thing I mean people want to get paid they yeah I had a call the other day oh you're wrong the
other it was a good crowd for the Montreal game there weren't 4,000 people there for that game I'm
like no seriously I saw the telecast here on TSN okay on the sports network and they panned and
they were talking about how this this place isn't drawing any people in the Florida franchises got
to get some asses in the seats they pan back and show that arena in the middle of the first period
if there were 4,000 people there my name is Danny Galavan okay and of the 4,000 maybe a hundred new
anything about the game well that's beside the point but you know they still got to get the cash
man they got to get some asses in the seats and they're not going to do it by missing the playoffs
every year right what a good question yes sir do you think Chris Osgood can do anything at this point
in this career I don't I don't I think he gets a bum rap I don't think he's all that bad I think
he he want to stand like couple of red wings exactly I think that was I think that was a good
deal in addition to which they Sean Brook wanted to hold him up for big bucks Sean Burke is yeah
I don't I think he's overrated oh and Phoenix was demanding all kinds of exactly I think I think
they did good yeah okay good luck to pal good luck to the Leafs we'll need it Doug Gilmore seven
shifts but I'm being bye bye Dougie and I see you again remember 93 got wiped out by old Dave
Lowry not only scored a goal last night for Calgary but wiped out Doug Gilmore in the same game
that's for you Dave you following all of this what little hockey talk that's okay that was good
that was a breath of fresh air I'm sick and tired of being in a one-dimensional town which
uh with an older could talk about one thing and that's illegal aliens you know which we're
pound five sixty oh I'm still having that dream again you know I go to bed I wake up and it's
the morning of my last show before my retirement oh oh my god it's the boys acting woo I don't
think I'm able to sleep that night you know I'll just be lying there staring at the ceiling with
visions of sugar plums dancing in my head and on my bed and even in my back oh it'll be great
anyway we had somebody before call I'm talking about croque you ten and pop an olio
med and they're pushed and you know something it's great stuff my blood pressure is sensational
and I'm popping the olio med that's specifically designed for blood pressure in my push every day
olio med contains pharmaceutical grade olive oil not ordinary everyday pedestrian olive oil
but super concentrated olive oil loaded with health benefits olio med capsules every day can
up reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol plus there are 14 different
olio med formulas to choose from each one combines pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins
minerals and almost the support specific needs from bones to blood pressure to your immune system
just pick out the formulas that are right for use and now there are three new olio med formulas
one to help you sleep I'll need them on that night want to help you control your weight and coque
you ten which I keep telling you is so important for your heart trust me it's a great thing you
find olio med at public's records well green's whole food markets never one sedan was an order
of online if you like olio med america dot com call toll free for more information about these
sensational products call one eight six six olio med maybe we can get any missing olio olio
we can get him to do that on the spots too that's one eight six six five three six six thirty three
for your health start popping some olio med right away
with hoax explain for name that to with host of Kennedy hi everyone and welcome to name
tonight our finalist will last week will have a chance to win our million dollar jack thought let's
meet our finalist right now mr. duff winzies welcome back doctor thank you i'm a little nervous
right now don't be nervous you did fine last week this should be a breeze all right let's get
you that million dollar jack thought are you ready for the first two yes i've been practicing all
okay then here we go they we hear the first tune please
stop think you got it yeah uh coming up uh ignored you are correct sir
no no okay this is the big moment you can quit now or keep your
no no i want to go for a jihad for the million dollar jackpot very well for one million dollars name
this too
we're gonna stop something wrong don't maybe you didn't hear it right again from mr.
lindsay
go get off this incident 1146 if i his little panic he gets to just that kind of guy lindsay
mule thank you lind e-mails me some interesting stuff speaking of uh presidents on drugs
curse of the open mic from the bbc it says britney spears george w bushing john made your
ball reportedly been caught on a wears by open mics the new nightmare for those in the public eye
the words open microphone or enough to freeze the blood of politicians celebrities and
others in the public eye the phrase is media jargon for a mic left on by journalist or technician
before an interview or performances started or after it's over pop sensation britney spears
is reported to be the latest victim in a flush to be foregoing on stage in front of her biggest
ever live audience in real britney apparently began lamb basting her entourage don't tell me they're
just letting the audience just effing stand out there like that oh my god this is retarded she said
oh my god
every word was transmitted live to the 170 000 concert goers and then we laid around the world
her record company maintains it with somebody else's voice that they heard
couldn't have been little britney could it no
during the u.s presidential campaign george w bushing experience the similar problem
just the oya remember that sure dude just before a campaign speech the candidate complaint
about new york times reporter adam climber calling him a major league asshole at the time the
sudden revelation that the would be president was not only capable of harboring a major grudge
but could swear with the best of looked like it could have cost him the election
well it says could have lost him the election but i changed that word because he did lose the
the most celebrated instance of british open mic syndrome was the 1992 performance of prime minister
john major afternoon interview with the then it in public editor michael brunson mr major let fly
seemingly forget he was in a studio bristling with every type of imaginable recording equipment
he castigated members of his cabinet as bastards promising to crucify them and confess that he
was no or that he was a wimp who had no idea how to win an election how do you like that
and that goes on a great line all during the 1992 presidential campaign which brought Bill
Clinton to power american media watch your brine springer recorded 500 hours of these
feeds the satellite feeds you know like you get on the big dish the direct life feeds that aren't
on the area right the material which mr springer made in the documentary spin showed politicians
like george boy senior his wife barbra mr. Clinton simply staring into the camera sometimes
coming the hearse scratching their nose between hookups those are a lot of fun on the big dish
mr. got a few of them one of the feeds showed mr. bush discussing his hard drugs and sleeping pills
with interviewer Larry king uh-huh my brother is in the pharmaceutical business king whispered
of the then present he says there's a pill coming out from israel that's better than halsian
say they've reported that on all of his trips uh bush seniors to take halsian right you mean
sleeping pill or decongestant mr. bush as the interviewer mumbled that it was a strong sleeping
great kind to reply oh my god the bush family on drugs let's hear it what a shocker
and all bubbing it was good a few blow jobs 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 of the 18 and T in Verizon wireless
line thank you Lynn here's a call from cover rage hello hello yes this is a black female and I'm
calling him referring to the call you had a little while ago that says you're racist
uh-huh he didn't say I was a racist he just said that the I don't know where he was coming from
I happen to like to show very much and I try to put other black people onto the show because
you speak a lot of food and what you say and I don't think you're raising all and I like the
cons at least a life so okay all right thanks for your have have a great day you do
well there's something I see she got a sense of humor she understands what it's all about
anybody that would say that this is a racist show is pretending they don't get it pretending they
don't understand and of course we know who started all that crap last year anybody who would do
this under the guys are sick blah blah blah I mean this is a guy who's just the fake off those
checkered pants right lashing out now it's the billboards that's the new thing hey Pozo don't
you understand your audience is already listening we understand we get it okay not a few shows before
been around a block a few times long before your ugly nasty old ass was dumped under our town and
I do mean dumped nice uh you know that national search thing they're always talking about after Greg
blew out the worst team right we're conducting a national search to bring in a great new talent you
know some of that well I tell you she did a very thorough job what's that expression oh they
they they always like to use it like in the market be sure and do your due diligence yeah well
I guess Greg did some due diligence but he didn't do his due diligence that's the problem Greg
you know our consultant I don't think our consultant had anything to do with it though I think
it was your good buddy Greg 501 votes on a poll well that's not too bad it's not even new yet
what TV reality showed you like the best 272 people oh say they all sucked that's 53.8% of you
hate the reality shows all of them can't stand them the Osborne 48 survivor 45 American Idol 24
real world MTV 18 peer factor 16 are you hot 14 to move it up there real slowly that's okay
I don't care if they watch or not the amazing race 12 Joe millionaire 11 and blind date 11 after
that it's small small potatoes here's Miami hello Miami yeah Miami yes sir yeah I wanted to give
you a billboard exciting thank you just mentioned billboards oh my god yeah I'm commercial
bull of art heading east 2.5 blocks from I 95 oh my god you mean what a mine when you're as yet
says Neil God oh right excellent how did look actually it's a good picture you have your glasses on
but look pretty thin look for look almost doing in that picture almost okay thanks a lot pali okay
bye have a great day I'll be sure and tell him what you called hey mo see the guys thought he
he was enthusiastic about seeing if that's all see that that's it's called getting your audience
involved in the show as opposed just to be in a bitter old man mo that's what it's all about
he's got to give me a seminar he's got to explain to me that the people the people we're talking
through already are listening we're trying to get new people listening of course with
leading like we got from him there's no question we're going to get a gigantic oh my god
with the anti-neil show in fact I you notice lately since the arena episode was that last week
of the week before last week last we oh yeah last Friday I believe was the big blow up out
there at the rail and since then he's just been on the world path he's out which is fine with me
I just keep mentioning our name at least it's improvement the show today has brought to you by
Gensu knives and Georgia sharpening up the knives gonna stab me in a back again and you know
what's there absolutely correct sir you bet you just wait till I come back from vacation yeah oh
yeah I'm gonna go out and get one of those one they call as a little sharpening those things those
the honin stones a little honin stone I'm gonna you're under the rolling stones we got the honin
stones here on QAM for radio wish gonna sharpen those things up man we're gonna turn him into a gay blade
5 6 7 0 5 60 I think we'll do screenless in the new to one hour okay because I'm going to
vacation starting tomorrow wow what oh yeah no Carlisans upset about anyone well we've had a few calls
you know we've covered from hockey to Hiroshima to homosexuality to uh mode to the bad hair piece
don't forget take a look on neo-rodges dot com even if you don't care about our poor or the
bedtime stories because you'll see that incredible picture of the lovely Troy Stratford all you
doll fans out there your former little one back there number 23 Troy Stratford first in our hearts
number eight in the sales department I'm trying to click on the home page there now and I can't
they won't uh we're gonna have a listen not a nervous well it's it's probably overloaded with
eight zin and people wanted to check on the thing right now areas hopping Troy he's hopping
mad because he's got the more hair piece keeps popping on and off man it's like it's on it's off
it's in it's out nice going Troy you're real pain in the ass by the way here's Miami hello
hey new how you doing sweetheart you're doing well a good air force member of carlo's calling you
what why you doing howdy Carlos children I gotta as a matter of fact the god of law
I took my thunder because I I too spotted one of your bill boys and I'm gonna go right how do you
like that it's on uh 30 it's actually my mind international airport on a highway 112 and 37 fact
oh no wait wait a minute this is a very important call you want to know why because this in fact
duck really is a down not doing the job this is the bonus one that we weren't sure was going up
this is an extra bonus board that we were like how did they weren't sure so this is the one on
112 going to the airport yeah he came in here and told me you never you never passed it long
double puts that it's heading west you're like you're like the sunrise because I was coming over the
Iowa there like on a little bridge type thing right there you were smiling at me saying uh
hey right there in the mouth you know I mean so good so let's see there's one two three four five
Neil god bill boards and only one for Mona what are he's parked off I get a little quirky about it
well Neil just uh in in closing I'd love you very much George take care and uh
thanks for the show and most of that thanks a lot Carlos thank you okay how do you like that we got
the billboard off there going to the airport in Miami oh yeah well what's he talking about the
locations the listeners already know yeah you're an asshole man you're a silly old ass god can you
imagine a smell of that bag he carries around holy crap in fact that's probably what's in it
unholy crap mozo here's the facts it says panthers news there was a sports
op-ed article last weekend the Palm Beach Post saying that Alan Cohen has blocked my keen in from
team practices hoping it was up to the Rangers so Cohen would have to pay the rest of the counter
I believe that John and Port St. Lucy and didn't I say that just the other day that I think that
Rick Dudley's trying to make him an awkward can't refuse like right out the door oh yeah if you
want to go to the Rangers be my guest okay let's say they were going back upstairs you can go to
their coach again get him out of the Stanley Cup go there and have a wonderful time Mike but we
don't want to pay those big bucks and we don't like anyway that's what they're trying to do so
anybody I appreciate that I was at least a hockey fan at Blues fan called before who's
blues a slash panthers like me leaf slash panthers you know but the fact of the matter is that
you know you can't have all the youngsters they are they are the youngest average age and league
the panthers which is fine if they keep the good players which they probably won't because they
won't want to pay them and you can't have all the youngsters in the organization I know to speak
of that that Brian Murray got Rob Neeter-Mire back with his two-point woman Delas Salary and a
doing a good job at any time but that might be the turning point back down the end just like
Anders Erickson keep going back making the same mistakes over and over again they got a thing for
these people maybe he can get Judy Hall love him 57 at five just a joke Judy Judy loves me by the way
you know Judy Hall and his wife who they love me how's the easier doing three minutes till noon at
five sixty WQM let me tell you about the lights of West Boko all you divers out there it's a
stupendous super store for people on low carb high grade diets you go into your supermarket and
other than the meat and cheese and the cheese and the meat and a little bit of seafood there's
nothing else there's nothing a snack on there's nothing keep you satisfied between your main meals
but at the lights the entire store is loaded with over 600 low carb foods for example now they're
introducing three new flavors of their low carb crunchy racket chips and new low carb brownies by
carb control for all you brownie hounds and four delicious flavors the only one car per serving
so whether you're looking for the carbolite ice cream breads muffin cheesecakes pasta and sauces
or any of the other zillion low carb foods this entire store is dedicated to you the lights of
West Boko you can try anything the store before you buy it to see if you'd be like it they got
an knowledgeable staff open every day seven days a week ten to ten and they create the most
complete line of acan brand products in the world and here's even a better part all of their
acan products are always 25% off all day every day acan's diet is rated number one so
for the number one low carb sugar free store the lights of West Boko on the northeast corner of
glades in 441 run next to Boston market be sure and say hi to my good friend Alan over there
tell me he's not really so fat column toll free one eight seven seven low carb or find him on the
web at lowcarb.com don't forget there's only one the lights of West Boko it's your official
atkins retail solders my and local we're sports radio five sixty two eight you a
yeah this is Jennifer Lopez I have to take my hormones every day to keep the hair from growing
back around my nipples and that's when I listen to the near Rogers 12 to one hour
Mickey Mouse oven Mr. Mouse
it's Michael isner Michael isner
oh
bombing osman what do you want it's Michael isner sir it's not Tommy osman it's Michael isner
the best president oh boy isner good morning sir how are you
the most done with you pal sir I was looking at the ratings for this nightmare you had
that's going through I'm a forever he gave me out of here what a smashing successor
what's wrong everything was in the toilet it was unbelievable if you break down the
demigradi you know what i'd say that i'm just happy it's over sir I believe the second
go round will be much better the second go round you must be on crack we're not doing
that thing again why do you want to bring that back because the first time around you barely
toppling the entire network oh what what sir it's already done what do you mean it's already done
nobody ever told me it was already done hang on we must and on the wall would
we must yeah what the hell are you doing better some condo it but you would quietly remiss
that's not quiet enough we miss at blue bird stinks like an arm pit
sir our main sweeps will be amazing i'm a celebrity get me out of here too it's
said at 15 nights 40 straight nights it's like nights of i'm a celebrity get me out of here
you're killing me and the celebrities 10 times better oh my god we got hold on
we miss we miss
take the harmonica light it up your back and walk it up all right all right
we've got birdie cappell who birdie cappell the doctor from the loveboat
off of heaven's sake he hasn't worked since he did the stop snoring spray commercial
we've got a real hotty adrian barbo oh my god she's terrible and someone i know you'll love
billy bush oh wait a minute is that the president's annoying nephew that's the one
off our heaven's sake you can't put him on the air and
hold on yes we miss
i can't hear you both of you
we miss i'm on the phone here you both stop doing what are you making
making a new condenser both what's wrong with my old condenser you should like him shot
my shellac am shot
oh i don't care who you have on this nightmare
well we have the major aelister sir we got scott baccura and lettered nieboy
even remus doesn't remember one or nieboy you're having both
remus i wasn't addressing you all right boss he was far from those things
oh my god i'm surrounded by idiots
hey remus i thought i told you to put that harmonic off your butt
sorry i farted boss oh so far in the office remus
the proveer is coming at me
12.5 at 5.60 w.e.c.m the excitement is building baby you can smell it all the way up here
can't you feel it what the excitement oh that's what you're doing all next week now don't
forget be realized to jouric next week because we got the war coming on thursday
nah it doesn't matter and right here on this show he'll be opening up that cnn pot the msnbc pot
and uh better not the fox pot but um i'll be opening up a lot of pot he's gonna be opening a lot of pot
and letting everybody know exactly what's going on this is the one place you won't have to be
settled with dr. Laura or larter asked or any of that other crap if something's going on
of importance you can be damn sure jorge will put it on there to inform you and kill some really good
time right here's a call from tavernier hello i'm sorry oh sorry good afternoon good afternoon to you
you think uh as that uh mose attempt was wasn't attempt at uh stick this morning oh yeah sure
huh absolutely he does he's bad and what's he doing out by his billboards is it a guess appearance or what
yeah he's he's out there looking about to see if uh see his name in print by side just got a picture
of him on the on the website and yeah no no one do you were like when i put stuff the call that's why
he was in hysterics right that was a baby crocodile or what yeah that could be it that could be a
forensic and don't know it's radio nobody cares now he don't get it he's got to have a
ego problem man major ego have a great weekend jane and for larter ill chronic faxor and the
worshipful listener says yes chronic i know see they're going to be anti-war protest in
Washington DC them are also be candle light vigils across the world seven p.m. on sunday one will
be held at a one a and sunrise another one at university in sample to find a closest to protest
you go to what is that move con dot org m o v c o n dot org what does that stand for i don't want
to know i'm sorry i said just finished blinded by the right said really said yesterday is jane
self-hating faggot reading nickel and dying by barber air and rick it's about try to survive on
minimum wage he tries fortunately she has a writing job to go back to oh well can change the world
just passed eleven in it's a cool age and right have a nice vacation thanks it's from move on
dot org is that what that is yeah well i'm not here it's goofy online oh i see it's a bad fact
move on dot org m o v o n dot org by the way we got the books on the website are did he say by the way
did you say by the buy oh sorry if you better not be doing that again beener boy they'll
pick away your spot on the most billboard that was a good idea look at that they're on there
already nice going Eric you're the best we'd art having other sandwiched out to have a rubin
look at that the hunting of the president the ten-year campaign to destroy bill and Hillary
Clinton Joe Connison and gene line which which picks if you read the david brock book and then
go out of this i mean it's just it's all right there man it's all there and then goofy doll
which uh what does it say oh perpetual war and perpetual peace how we got to be so hated by goofy doll
who is brilliant in print but uh that oh that thing on tv that night they hit a monthy and
made a monkey out of that was very sad don't do that again goore okay once you get to be a hundred
you shouldn't be on tv no more goore that's right we're gonna be doing screenless this almost
forgot see that's what happens when you get old and teabrah ala Carlos you have a million strokes
oh and for the guy that asked and who was very well intended he wanted to hear about coq 10 and
about this net it's not that i recovered so fast from my tia my mini stroke yeah because i didn't
i can honestly say today is the first day and i'm not saying a hundred percent i'd say about 95
percent about 90 man that i don't have all the fog in the head you know like the feeling of all the
like the blood and the cloudy all of that crap i think but don't smoke those little cigars let
me tell you again don't be smoking those cigars all right and if my friend Derek is listening when
i come back to town we go to pompano park no more those little cigars okay you damn near killed me
he certainly helped out not that i didn't do a lot my own but the little cigars and you remember
for east specifically i told you this thing put your head in a fog you feel like there's a cloud in your
head and you chain smoke them because they're little they're tiny you know and they're young
for some time that's like a like a chinese buffet when they're small you keep putting one after
another in your mouth like mushrooms here's my any hello hi new this sir great congratulations on all
the new billboards i do you like that five billboards i guess that's one for each year i've been on
qa and we first went for four five years didn't have any and not three months later we got five
well that's a great thing but i've got one question about it though yeah what why are they putting
these billboards up right now you got five up before where you've never been able to get billboards
from anyone before yeah and they're going up the week that you're going that the week before
you're going away on that you know something leave it to our listeners to do it that's an excellent
point and let me just tell you this i give them my vacation schedule months ahead of time so they
knew damn well when i was going on vacation but that's them you know well you know i and it's not like
Georgia show isn't a good show or anything like that well i mean but to put it up point is people
seeing you Rogers not one else they'll turn on qa and then here George they're mumbling away and i'll
say who the hell wants to listen to that crap oh my god well two in sticking they've got the
they'll say that that's the big deal that's the guy with a glasses up there that he put up these five
billboards all around town for this for this little puzzle out here for english anti-cabts
radio oh my god well i was just wondering about that meal that's an excellent point sir you're
hired you're in management right now i hope you have a very nice vacation and a safe one thank you
and you you start on monday bye bye thanks bye bye bye okay we're doing screenless i don't see any calls
on rc one nifty pressing i mean they were starting to that but i guess they wanted the green light
for screenless here's the only one we got qa m your wife the great late my wife is a great late
yeah was that good or what yeah it's excellent your wife is great late i had her
better you than me qa m qa m
that would be a few a m
every great deal yes hey i just saw your billboard on one twelve yeah outside here you're god
but you know already the turkey buzzards have gotten to it there's like green drizzle on it
and it spells out something i could just make it out here let me see m
o e m o m okay thanks man okay that was excellent one it oh like i said they're going to be great
screenless till one o'clock they're going to be sensational or not is the case maybe
my my and look at this is for 205 60
what's next dead babies
the middle eastern world will be exploded to dumb at people guild with the gas that we sold him
the first time aggressor nation and the only one that's growing now more blood will be
to get that oil going forget about the ryan the nooks there talking that the right wing is
really it over and over into our head that iraq has some weapons of mass destruction
and
3000 people killed are now forgotten let's exploit them instead
a there's oil to be gone and going after sent down to plain kato sum up there's no longer
mention of the name in law that but no one seemed concerned all come be in complacent believe in
every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation and the
right wing is really it over and over and over to our heads that iraq has some weapons of
mass destruction
the law for civil rights is the rights that we're paying we're all suspects now not the
ash drop this saying i have nothing to hide table talkers all are say it's like no
media cattle don't have any reservations out of provoked battle that world annihilation
old ryan must fall it's how the virgin is told with no objection at all
and the craft don't have the balls and the right wing is really it over and over
and over to our brain wash man iraq has some weapons of mass destruction
you're told the i'd racked that son with the mass destruction
we sure do from 19 at five six you know it's not interesting that we had these two
faces back to back and here's what it says i'm puzzled i heard hangs trying to get the beast
to date for some contest now i love Hank is a taco snail and the beast looks like his son
but when's the last date Hank had they didn't pay for it why it's none of your business
here's what it says haven't heard anything lately about the beast getting laid in the Baham as well
that is a good point now do we just smith hand that promotion it's still on their website
qm dot com still going on and will go on well how can we don't hear any more promos for it
ii on our on our show yeah because we don't want to make a five minute break
oh that's right because we're all sold out we don't have any that's right good point carlos excellent
thank you all sold out lots of spots on this show yeah mo i just mentioned that most since the
sales department's always belly looking about what a hard time to have selling your show
did he already bag of bade the beast no or did they bag the idea no they'd not bag the idea if
not how many chicks have signed up have a great vacation thank you do we know how many have
signed up but third man he only wishes he only wishes i have a feeling nobody's signed up now what's
this that you're fixing me now at this stage of the game yeah that's my fault he gave it to me
like an hour ago but thank and Miguel oh I should tell you this Miguel emailed me the
uh picture of the new billboard on one twelve go to the my main international and it looks just
like me on earth says uh yeah good nine to one five sixty wq amp oh yeah i'm a little bit
leery of one thing on a billboards they look great but like on hanks it says the hammer three to
seven you know what i mean i mean if anybody doesn't know that that's his nickname on a station
and the day they have no idea that it's Hank Goldberg so you know what i'm saying right because
hanks been around the market for a hundred years right they might think it's on sea hammer yeah right
that's right market is kind of a different audience but i'm serious i mean i guarantee i
hanks been on the station what about seven years on qa amp longer than us uh huh the six seven
years whatever it's been and you know people know Hank Goldberg they know the name and like when
he goes on the spn the i don't know because i don't think i've ever seen Hank on the spanish
him on the abc thing with erasing but like they don't say oh well here's the hammer to talk about
the Kentucky Derby is Hank Goldberg it's just my own i mean i could be wrong i'm certainly not
felt like we got five billboards that's right let's talk it up big so thanks Miguel
i just assure we appreciate it stop by mom wireless today from five to six to seven
located inside the home depot and market at twenty one seventy three north state road seven
when prizes and registered to win a pair tickets to upcoming florida marlin's home game
woo heavy duty that's mo m mom wireless five to six today in the home depot and market twenty one
seventy three north state road seven and George will be out tomorrow he's got another one of his
outings again he's coming out tomorrow three to five at rick case hand on western road and
Griffin western road and Griffin what now what is that is that western i i guess
what they wrote and Griffin it's like like by five ninety five no i know where it is but i'm
just wondering what you call it anyway stop by to win prizes and you're a free pizza from pizza
heaven located right in front of rick case huh how handy isn't that something so George is
going to be seen now who else gonna be there with you Miguel Miguel will be there
Miguel be there having some free food some free chow maybe Doreen will be there what do you think
no maybe she can tell you the real i guess you already did tell you the real story
she said she hates you like poison mo she can't stand you you're a obnoxious funny
that he impossible old man that's what Doreen said
Doreen the queen the dancer machine that was up forty five that has that however
has just a little bit two and a half points in the negative red arrow so they come up with this
middle east proposal now israel must support the Palestinian state and the Palestinians have to do
this and about to be put a root put about and so isn't this interesting they should have been
doing this like two years ago yeah wasn't uh bubbled doing that and you remember the comments
we're not going to get bogged down in the middle east that the whole israeli Palestinian
thing like the Clinton administration did we're not going to get bogged down you know we got bigger
fish to fry like taking away everybody's civil rights and then all of a sudden nine eleven
happened now all of the same isolationist bastards now all of a sudden their experts all over
the world we're going to solve it and of course if they do see it seems to me because they told
CBS news which i forgot to mention in a moment less less than of less than clarity they tell
CBS news oh guess what um al-Qaeda is in total disarray in fact then rather had it on last night
you see it on the CBS news yeah that al-Qaeda is basically beat but on the other hand in the same
sentence they're saying uh wow but we know there's going to be another attack and they're going to
kill a bunch of innocent people they just can't they just can't do what like they did before
so in other words a bunch of double talk but if that's true and of course there are many other
terrorist groups but if that's true since they were the main focus of our focus and if this
middle east piecing is going to get that those are two more reasons not to be going into a
rack see what i'm saying yeah and not to be stirring up the whole Muslim world again everybody
whipped up into a frenzy if we're looking if our goal is really peace instead of war say see what i'm
saying no it's an awful lot of sense to me let's whack the hornet's nest instead yeah let's whack it
while we're watching uh are you hot 17 votes for are you hot by the way see a lot of people
haven't seen it yet i guarantee you if you ask in a couple of weeks you'll see they'll say oh
by the way you guys are right that's a pretty hot show five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty only eighteen teen Verizon wireless line screenless wqa m kill yes yes i think okay your people
are at it again your people i thought kaiyoutzu was last weekend they're getting whipped up to a
frenzy anyway i guess just how they did maybe they get made for the war when the bomb agrande wqa m
hi there yes sir i just heard something on radio it was rather killing our dear friend dr. Laura
is stating that all of the protesters are being financed by the friends of the communists oh no
isn't that lovely yes friends of what friends of what communist there are no communists 90% of the
war protesters are being financed by friends of communists communist they're communist the
way that it's she needs to be she needs to be strapped to a pull for a few hours she sure does goodbye
thanks for the good news kami pinko bastard's martin sheen and barbers dry sand and all the other
anti-war people and the dixie chicks etc communist they're communist they're no i know i
know what a great you see that quenel there right we had muddy cone and then we had to
write on us about to dr. Laura again who's a masakrista you know dr. Laura that's
that's the one no she's a masakrista now all of a sudden she got religion rubbed off i guess
she got married to the sorthodox jiu and she became an orthodox jiu which accruces the worst
kind make them mistake about that like jiu liberman there's another rumor for it maybe jiu
liberman can look with dr. Laura save us a lot of problems in the future fine thing she's the
nice oh she's a wonderful woman and she never stole a freight train and where's the humontation
hey by the way speaking of that did you ever tell me what they poor was yes i did it's the 18th of
next week the 18th of next week let's be confused with the 18th of the week after the 18th of
mart i'll be damned so that means i'm my vacation oh that's today the war starts right that's
for pure so i'm poor the war's gonna start so listen if i did out between the poppy seed and the
prune humontation you can and some rice likes they're gonna be heating them back and forth
each other and then there's little hard ones you know there's a little oh man those things are
nasty you see those yeah man in fact George probably knows more about humontation than all the yiddah
khatir that's right and we get it we too as matter fact we've educated him very well about the
difference between those make believe phony airsatz humontation there's a little very small hard
triangular pieces of cement and the real good ones the big dark ground forty ones with the poppy
seeds on the outside everyone still insists those are the other real ones what the hard ones
well you know what problem endured the twenty seven past noon at five five sixty
w a m hey i'll tell you what is some great child floras floras has been serving up great food in
south florin dade county for about five thousand years now and while everybody else in that neighborhood
just went the way of the wind every other business kind of like vanish floras is not only still
there but they're going stronger than ever nothing at floras comes out of the can the food is
as fresh as the fallen snow and toronto and you can tell by that just made fresh taste from the
sauce to the freshly made pizza dough and fresh baked garlic rolls to they bake them right there on
the premises at floras every single day they give you big fat portions at teeny tiny prices they
use more cheese and meats on their pies than anybody else in town in fact you'll have cheese from
your head to your back home when you walk out of there here's the address there at seven thirty one
northeast seventy nine through now this game of older bar the same location they've always been at
reading call floras and get your stuff delivered at three oh five seven five eight fifty three fifty one
in fact when you go to floras look across the street and say oh my gosh sonny's market used to be
over there did you tell me he's still there i forgot what they said somebody called up and said that
uh... they are they were sonny's is still there thank god for that anyway call floras and get your
delivery three oh five seven five eight fifty three fifty one they deliver from thirty fourth and
this game all the way to one hundred and thirty five and this game hundred and thirty five they'll
go to quesad quicker club the jockey club floras even delivers as far west as twelve and he's
a colons seventy first read give mccall if you're nice to little judy when you call so tell you
about all kinds of great specials like thirteen ninety nine gets you a large cheese pie a liter of soda and
six delicious mouthwatering chicken wings call floras anytime you're hungry three oh five seven five
eight fifty three fifty one that's three oh five seven five eight fifty three fifty one and be
sure and tell me that crusty old knee-old told you to call my and look all this is four three oh five six
seven
five
recite
theme
all right
euh
Not me?
Holy soup-iday!
Oh
Oh
Oh
Hey
oh
the
Does it mean love?
Oh, what you're, oh oh
No tricks
Uhhhh
Uhhhh
Uhhhh
Uhhhh
Uhhhh
You're so, oh
Tell me
I couldn't believe when you were telling me this before the show about his perm.
I thought you were joking me.
We were talking about the Are You Hot Show.
But here it is from the A&P Howard Spurm has to see the producers of the series Are You
Hot to Search for America's Sexiest People, claiming the show is based on ideas on his
radio program.
The lawsuit filed yesterday in Superior Court accused the network of copying unique
aspects of a Stern Radio segment in which members of his crew ingest evaded the bodies
of in-studio contestants, stern as seeking $100 million in damages.
The 49-year-old radio personality claims ABC show duplicate some tactics used on his
show, including blood criticism of contestants and the use of a laser pointer to highlight
areas of their bodies, which I noticed that your body did it once last night.
Are You Hot Features contestants in various stages of dress, mostly undress, posting
in front of three panelists who rate them solely on looks?
The show is produced by Scott Einsiger, former executive producer of Stern's ETH cable
show, and former Stern's sidekick, Jackie Martlin, is listed as a consultant.
Before ABC's program debuted, Stern was still in talks to develop a TV series based on
his radio segment according to the lawsuit.
He planned a broadcast to show possibly on a pay cable channel that wouldn't be subject
to censorship, but when ABC aired Are You Hot Talks for a Stern TV show collapsed,
the lawsuit would be sand.
Stern says he warned the network to serve as a misappropriation, but ABC disregarded him,
and now he stood for $100 million.
Oh!
Good luck to you Howard.
Next he needs the Mark Honey for stealing his idea about radio, and then the first angle
he's going to sue him for stealing English.
Do you think that he needs the money or the publicity most?
560-560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line, WKYM.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Hold them for Neil.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes I am.
Listen I had two phones to pick with you Neil.
Yeah.
I've been listening to the show for about 15 years.
Uh huh.
Now George is starting to get that laugh.
You know that laugh?
That's it.
Yeah.
You need to take care of George.
Make sure he's like to lays off the laugh a little bit.
You lay off the laugh George.
The other thing is Neil.
I mean you've been lagging on a Canadian for years and years and years, and now you're off.
The French Canadians, not the AC.
You better know your Canadians Mr. Cause you sure don't.
Yeah well I don't cause the...
The French Canadians are in Quebec either in Montreal.
We don't have no frogs here in Ontario and Toronto.
Uh okay.
Not allowed man.
No say per Missy out key.
Okay.
Right in.
Good.
Okay.
So anyway before you take another great call we have a special guest in the studio of course it's our regular Friday segment.
Well I almost forgot about that so.
Okay well we can find out before we get into the...
What?
We can fight out.
Maybe you can fight out.
Before we get to the wait thing about how he's doing how many applicants do we have?
I mean we have...
I think we actually are starting to get some in now.
Well give me like a number.
I don't know I'm not in charge of that.
Yeah.
That's a clearance thing.
We're starting to get some in.
Good.
So in other words you're not choosing it.
This is just...
This is just a companion to go somewhere like you know exactly.
Like like I'm guiding light.
What's his name is a companion?
Now Ben is a companion.
He's an escort.
You know they win...
They get separate rooms when they go to the Crystal Palace you realize.
Very well I think we should...
I think you should emphasize that.
In fact I think they're going to be in separate wings of the casino.
No pressure.
Separate elevator separate wings.
The only wings that the beast will be to have he eaten those.
Now how are you doing on balance for life?
I lost a pound this week.
I don't know.
So now well at least the one good thing I'll say that would make you 228?
Yes.
So that equals the all time low.
That's not bad.
It's 56 pounds off since you started.
Right.
And I mean we'll be perfectly honest with the audience.
He hasn't exactly been on a straight-nero path the whole time.
No.
When on a couple of cruises with his well-to-do parents who keep knocking out.
See if your parents really cared about you.
I would say if they loved you without be carrying it too far.
If they cared about you even a little bit they wouldn't be doing that.
They wouldn't be putting that temptation in front of your eyes.
So they're actually planning another cruise and a trip to Vegas.
To a very after-cospital I hope.
Yeah that's what we hope.
No, no.
See you're not paying any attention to me.
Like it's a joke.
You're talking to a guy that just had his second stroke.
And you know what it came from?
Besides Mo Howard, David and QAM and Greg Reed.
The other thing was fat.
Fat and active now.
Are you at least working an out a little bit?
I am working out.
I have a trainer and working out.
You have a trainer?
Yeah.
I think what he really means is he ate at Monty Trainers is what he's trying to say.
He has a trainer.
Just like that chimp on the new maid for Mrs. Wallace on passions.
It's got a trainer.
Probably the same on its training with a chimp.
Well nice going beast, not too bad.
And Mo we understand his very upset over this promotion you're doing.
That's the word I'm here, which is another reason we like it a lot.
It's okay, he brings me up every morning so it's good publicity.
Does he really?
What about what?
I don't know, he'd like to throw me in there and his little stack.
Like the three under the bus?
He's all inclusive.
Carlos is in there now.
Yeah that's it's getting so crowded out of that bus man.
We're going to have to get a fleet of buses.
They're going to have to get some Mack trucks at the QA and parking lot because Mo keeps throwing everybody under there.
He tried to throw Doreen under there but she wouldn't fit.
Poor Doreen the queen man.
I'll tell you I give her big, big marks man for big balls.
More than you got beast.
I have to agree.
That's not saying much.
No but seriously she had big balls.
She told him right to his face.
She said you mother scratch and piece of old whatever she said.
She not taking any crap from that comergy and the old piece of dirt.
And then she kicked his bag right in his buses what I heard.
She kicked his costume back right in his buses.
You're a bastard.
Exactly.
Nice going Doreen we take everything back.
I'm going to lock all this.
This is five sixty.
The rain is all yours now.
See you in.
Don't you go back to Canada you cute bastard.
But there is a fairy and he's gone again Mary.
Mary is a fairy and he's gone again Mary.
Still living homo stories.
Yard again Mary.
Oh no, that's the girl in a hole.
He's a queer or a wolf means and who then I'm nothing queer.
Letting his shoes fall and crowned few.
Now hating you who wears panties underneath his shoes.
I'm actually the lesbian.
Mary is a me if I'm very so he's got to get Mary.
Mary is a fairy and he's gone again Mary.
Still hating homo now he's got to get Mary.
So scared of the white house homo.
Final diplomatic moments.
I'm going to lock all this.
I'm going to lock all this.
Just a bit of resolution.
I'm not aware the truth and eventuality are a circumstance that anybody else has suggested let alone the leaders of those nations.
So what he said, he said that we're in the final stages of diplomatic whatever you know what that means?
We're on Tuesday.
Get ready.
Strap yourselves in.
And one of you great for you to be like oversee the war coverage right you and Carlos are one and only local correspondence our news department a QA
George Rodriguez and Carlos Shmendrick
I don't even know what Carlos's last name is and we don't want to know don't tell us like what's going on? I don't have one
Little be your boy and Jorge you be hanging with the anchoring the news coverage. I am Melinda's men days and I don't know
It's something probably Smith
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on it wasn't that just opportune that Erie should pop up on CNN on my TV screen right in the middle of that magnificent bit
It was just one of those things again, you know just all fallen right into line
WQ I am
Hey, yes sir
I have no idea what happened with Ari Flazier. Have you come out about it?
Have you pardon? I have no idea what happened with Ari Flazier. What's with you guys have been playing at our flight?
Your song is what happened with him?
Did he take up an arm?
Yeah, he said on the ground in the Middle East. That's what he said
5 6 7 0 5 60
How in 5 60 on the AT&T for a piece between Israel and Palestinian?
How have you been?
Verizon wireless line
WQ I am
Hey Neil how are you?
I'm great.
I'm not doing so well. I've been listening to some of these callers lately. I took a little break because of my job
And I couldn't listen to your show unfortunately and just recently been sort of listening back to it.
Yeah.
Oh my gosh what happened to this place?
What do you mean by that?
Well here like for example since you're doing a non-the-no screen routine here, you know every time you hear that little somebody calling you home or something they hang up
They run back to their radio so they can control over your neck and their squeezing themselves right?
Unbelievable. Nothing ever changes.
The video is getting worse down in this cell.
You're right that's why I'm here. That's why I'm in Toronto with a big smile on my face looking out the sunshine.
It's going to be a beautiful weekend.
Unbelievable. I'm back in my bag and I'm getting out of dodge.
I'll see you at the border Ray.
Hey. Have a good weekend Neil.
I'm great thanks.
Thanks.
See there you go he's catching on.
This show is I've put you that for years and it's the truth.
This show and the people who call it are a direct reflection of what's off load is all about at least on the your call and end.
There can be no question about that.
You can it's kind of like taking a rectal or thermometer and sticking it into the anus of that state of that penisula.
Oh there's Wolflet's Creek.
And throughout the weekend for all it's just a promo.
I thought it was like something really important for him to be on it this time.
And they Wolflet's Creek when you assume that something really like major major performance going on.
When you know he's a pin in the ass.
He's not a shill.
Another shy and we got Peter Arnet over there speaking of communist.
Can you believe that the doctor or Laura said that those people are protesting against the word 90% of our comments.
I'm shocked and surprised.
I mean somebody ought to tell Dr. Laura that that common is the crap went out with most checkered pants.
I'm scared to be scared.
Don't talk about the old line.
This drug and rich kid.
Don't talk about these even.
Some are their meat.
I'm his president.
I'm a ****.
Yeah don't care what it's up.
You got a man by a front cross with Chris.
Oh it knows what's best.
You and I have one hell more fear.
We've got a great leader here.
With president.
****.
Oh.
Real life.
Cup 56 couldn't resist the opportunity to play that one more time.
No vacation.
I couldn't do it.
Exciting.
Anyway we have 618 votes on a poll not too shabby.
Which TV reality showed you like best.
They all suck 53.3% say they all suck 330.
60 say they like the Osborne's best 53 survivor American Idol 29.
Fear factor 23.
Are you hot and real world MTV 19 blind date 17 amazing race 14.
Joe McNair 13.
Big brother 6 and in a cool Smith show 5 and it's way all single to several of them have none.
But 52.3% say they all suck.
Obviously they haven't seen are you hot yet right?
Right.
In fact probably Howard Spurm would want to see are you hot anyway don't forget now what do you get making sounds there.
Oh I was making a yummy sound.
I was thinking making sounds about Howard Spurm.
Stop by the mom wireless from 5 to 6 this afternoon inside the home people in Marguida 2173 North state road 7.
When prizes probably are usual stuff and registered with a pair tickets to an upcoming Florida Marlins home game.
Any interest?
No.
Come on.
I bet you Miguel is going to be there right?
Yes.
He's going to be working on it.
And then George and McGill will be out 3 to 5 tomorrow afternoon at Rick Case Honda on Western Road and Gryffin stop by to win our usual very low budget 2M prizes there.
But enjoy free pizza from pizza heaven located right in front of a case.
You know I can take this thing now and I can Schmidt can it.
Yeah the schedule right?
And don't forget the mad dogs off today more power to them Joe Rose sitting in for the mad dog the little dog will be on air.
Red into Joe in the hall as a matter of fact.
And what do you have to say?
He says that he's delighted that Moses started back up again and that he's back on he's enjoying both shows more than ever before.
It's a hysterical.
Did he really?
Yeah.
Always like that Joe Rose who says that most an asshole by the way but that's just his opinion you know who that what does he know?
He said you guys run under his skin like a trigger.
I see Joe Rose said that.
Hey Goldberg at Gulf Stream hangs to what a show from out of the race track to 7.
So you know he will not be paying an awful lot of attention.
All 3 to 6 50 of the punching is brains out and then at 6 50 we got UM against Rutgers baseball.
10 o'clock we got 80 K from GA and then 2 and 7 overnight it's ESPN radio.
That's the agenda.
Now there's several you know little things to oh that's right.
Beauty and the beast and now what is that happening?
When?
Oh that's right March 26th on that live broadcast this is where we're going to hook the beast up with this beautiful voluptuous young lady or whoever shows up.
Or some you know maybe the beast is huh?
The beast and the beast is or maybe a real beauty we can have beauty in the beast wouldn't that be great that's the name of the promotion?
I say beauty for the beast promotion.
Is there any chance?
No.
He'll take anything that's alive okay in fact if Dwight Lutterdale wants to loan the beast and Bishop's body for that weekend.
He'd be more than a Gentile to accept it.
Like I said George and little Bina Boy are going to bring you the next war of the Iraqi Technic week on QM and the assignment of course is listen every minute of every day right isn't that their homework assignment right?
And we're going to be right on top of it every shot there be a dead Iraqi every dead scumbag will have it for you right here on QAM where we are radio.
Bye bye bye!
