560 WQAM presents the Neil Roger Show
It's a Tartanille Dial 567 O560 in Dated Rower
and other counties called Tull Free at 877 75
6345, AT&T wireless users can call for free by dialing town 560
It needs to be pressed by Neil as guests or colleagues
and I represent those until he joins the Aspen Stanford sponsors
Now, Neil Roger Show on 560 WQAM
Hi, this is Sonny Parks and I listen to Neil Roger's because I can hear the word asshole
You asshole!
It's a beautiful day in the night for hood
The day for some strange behavior
Don't you dare mine, I'm out of my mind
It's a beautiful day in this beauty wood
The beautiful day to show what you got you behind
and lift your behind
It's so nice to have a neighbor just like you
I've always wanted to do a little kid like you
So don't try to get up and just run away
Just stay a while so we can both fly
Like you're behind, one last behind
You'll be a traitor
Oh, don't please, please don't be
Don't tell mom and dad, you're a traitor
I'm glad we're together again
Not anymore
How do you like that, huh?
Well, it's sad
That was in very bad taste by the way
Are you playing that?
Mm-hmm
Well, I played well, you know I'm a heartless prick
Mr. Rogers is dead
He died
And I'm sure we'll get somebody to call and say
Oh, the wrong Mr. Rogers died
You know something like that
Right
And then you make these cracks about you thought he was gay
Which I thought was ridiculous
He died?
I have no knowledge of that, I just got that in place
Well, he had a wife, right?
Joanne, he survived by his wife Joanne Rogers
There are two sons to grandson, nephew Neil
Dolly convinces me?
Quite a was website
But on the other hand, he wore cardigans
I see
Well anyway, he died from after a brief battle with stomach cancer
I don't think there was anybody in America
Who didn't throw a grow up
Yeah, watch out
Oh, Mr. Rogers
Well, I mean, he was beyond my time
I mean, when I was a kid, it was like how do you do to you and...
Well, things like that
When I was a kid, I thought, what the hell is this?
But I'm not, I guess we shouldn't say that
And it was the guy on channel seven, what the hell was his name?
Wayne Chandler
Wayne Chandler
Isn't he dead too?
I don't know
Wait, it was great
Wayne Chandler and the Sunday Funnies with Toby the robot
Did he do the clown thing?
I'm not sure
I see
Skipper Chuck blew him away
Skipper Chuck, there's another one
There's a great guy
Now look what happened to him doing cemetery villain spot
Hey, you gotta eat
Oh boy, for a Skipper upchuck, man
He was a big head on a working sud show though and look what happened to them
Oh boy, those poor guys, you know what?
That's the way the business is
Here's somebody gonna say the wrong Mr. Rogers died, you watch
WQIM
Hello
I don't think the phone pot's on, Robert
QIM, hello
Hi, it's nothing completely
Speaking
Neil, hi
How you doing? I guess I can discuss the points with you, Neil
Can you what?
It's got two points that's going on here in South Florida
Go right ahead, number why?
Number one will be about the speech that especially Bush said last night
Completely, I used to be like pro war for everything but seeing what's going on right now
You have to look the correct sir
This is going completely down to the toilet
I mean, it's been decided a long time ago and it really doesn't make a...
Don't confuse them with the facts, they've already got their plans in place and it's going on regardless of anything
You know, so that's it
It's a shame that we're going to have to head this way and go back to in fine
Including the economy's going to go down worse than it is right now
Right
But the anyway, on the second point I got is this top unit with Q1s, brothers to the rescue system that they have now
You are aware of that?
About the flying guys that they come and rescue on a field of Q1s, brothers?
They're still doing that?
No, they cut them down but today on the news I heard this guy, Basuto, which is the president, that he's doing in court for $40 million
So what's going on with that?
You believe that now he's got that?
He's doing Castro
He's doing Castro
Yeah, for free
Now let me ask you this, who do you think we should invade first?
Saddam Hussein or Fidel Castro?
That's the answer we'll be for that capsule, man
We got that
I don't know, I don't know
I'm not joking, I'm serious
Don't you think it would be a lot easier to knock out Castro and he's more dangerous to us than Saddam?
100%
You're right, 100% that's that
Let's go get him, man
All right, that's all I got for you
And I'll split the 40 million with you, how's that?
I like that
Okay, I'll leave it there to you
Yeah, let's go get Castro first
He confiscated American property
He's a barbaric, a terrorist, all of these things that we keep here in about Saddam
We knew that about Saddam in the first place, back when we were like shaking his hand
I mean, he was over there
Huh?
Are you starting up again?
Yes
Okay, so because Robert's sitting there, you know, Robert the War Manger
Although he is happy because, you know, the bush people like to Jews to their face
Anyway, speaking of Mr. Raj's dying, yeah
That was a small potato compared to Tom Glazer, which you weren't even aware of this, no
I informed you before the show, right?
So George gets the information first before the show
Carlos is absent today, that's why Robert is in there, also Robert is in there as a spy
He's a plant
No, no, no, today the trends come out at 1130
Right?
So this way Robert can, he can see those numbers and get ahold of them immediately if not sooner
And that way he can pass them along
Now I asked Robert, how many people do you think, you know, because they're building a little bit on the morning
And now that we got ding dong school and they're holding their hand, how many people do you think are listening to the morning show and he said
Yeah, actually we lost the ding dong school, I'm a little upset
You did?
Yeah, they don't show up anymore in the morning
They're not coming in there to hold your hand anymore?
No, I'm really upset
The train wheels are off, it's a big day
Oh my God, are you kidding me? In other words, I think they gave up
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
That's terrible, you know, it's like it reminds me of all those people that protested yesterday, you know, on the internet, which was a smashing success by the way, like millions
They had the White House switchboard tied up and you see how many of you saw the president speak last night
So obviously he had about the same impact as ding dong school, none, you know
Yeah
But we'll see
We'll see when those friends come out and who the hell are we to talk?
We could be in deep crap after that December we had, you know
Right
That guy, remember the guy that called that said that
That's right, one of Robert's people, one of those right wingers who he got the diaries
But he punished me because he didn't like my politics, so therefore he punished me
In other words, he's one of these goody tushes right wingers who's so much better than the rest of us
But when it comes down to be honest about stuff like that, he's lying
He's using his diaries as a weapon
Yeah, but he's lying for the sake of good, a greater good
Let me just say this to you, okay, the good news is my check showed up on time yesterday
Thanks, clearance, you're another head, but thanks for the checks, that's the one thing he's good at
He gets those checks on time
It's in the bank and that's all I care about, ask me if I care about anything else in the answer is no, that's it
I'm beyond that point
Tomorrow, today we got the Trans, we got the baseball game, we're still trying to figure out what time we get out of here
I mean, clearance would be nice to get his clearance in there, or is he like that?
He just stuck his head in the door and...
Did Robert close it real quick?
Show him how we do that
Show him how we do that, we're training Carlos to jam that door shut real quick
And certain heads stick in there
But anyway, it might be nice if clearance would tell us what time because this could be the strangest program log ever seen in my life
If you look at the last page there...
Yeah, I don't know which break is ours, which break is yours
We got two commercial breaks in there, which now on my schedule it says the Marlon All the Affestivity star
This is an exhibitionist game, by the way, which is really shocking
That we're preempting a high-priced show like this in part of Hang Show and in all of the Mad Dog
I forgot about that
The Mad Dog, who's the second highest rated show on radio station, he's also getting dumped out there for exhibition baseball game
Anyway, the Marlon's in the Orioles, so it says in my sheet, 1250 to 4
So I said yes, today we got 10 minutes off
I look at the log here and it says, 1230 Marlon's 05
I don't have no idea what that means
Then it says, 1230, hardball with question mark
And then it says, sports update, then it says, 1230 to 1, Hank Goldberg
Oh, I haven't Hank Goldberg update, by the way, speaking to him about what?
He will be in studio today, he canceled his trip to Vegas
How come?
He's not going to the Reverend Jones fight?
I guess not
Reverend Jones fighting Jerry Falwell?
I was looking forward to that, just when Reverend Jones sticks his foot in and Jerry Falwell says
You're gay
I thought that would have been kind of funny
He's not going to Vegas?
Maybe it's my friend
He's probably just told, he's been a little bit ill and lately, and that's good
Don't be schlepping all around, Hank, okay, don't be getting sick again, god damn it
What was I just saying?
Oh, we're trying to find out what happened to the Marlon's
He's life-ring, although Robert just got him sure that maybe he knows something though
And the answer is?
1230
1230?
50
No, I assure you we said about 30
About 50?
About 30, man
I'm sure he said that
1250, damn it
That's bad news
So I guess that third break in that hour is ours
I see
Well, we'll worry about it when the time comes if we make it that far
Got most of my voice back today, thank you
Thank you, thank you, thank you
Thank you, God
Now anyway, Tom Glazer died, does anybody of this audience know who Tom Glazer was?
Don't tell him
Folks, singer and songwriter best known for his whimsical children's songs
There was a bad day for the kids and people, those of us who used to be kids
Isn't it hard to believe there's some people like you think of and you say, boy that person was once a kid
Like, model for example, can you imagine, Moe is a child?
No, he said something interesting this morning though, right at the end there
Did he really?
He said, I didn't hear the end, I couldn't hear anything until the theme started
He said it's a sad day for kids everywhere
Because Mr. Rogers died
Do you think there was a current child that knows who that is?
Are you knocking Moe again?
You're just doing that to piss off Robert
To put his job, are you kidding?
He's red in the face in there from laughter?
Yeah
Anyway, can I get back to Tom Glazer? God damn it, I gotta do the break in the polls, Tom Glazer
Especially his song on top of Svagedi, nobody's song in 1963, all covered with cheese
Don't you remember that?
Of course, I think
And you thought it was a schoolyard song
I thought the kids just made up
Well, he wrote it
He wrote it
How do you like that?
Let's see, does it have any other songs that he ever wrote here?
Talking inflation blues
Minnesota Party tape
Face in the crowd
He composed songs and background music for the film by Ilya Kazan, Face in the crowd
Okay
In 1945 started the show on ABC Radio Tom Glazer's ballot box
So for your old Foggy's out there, he was 88
And believe me, that's sold enough
I mean, no, it's not a happy day that somebody dies, but he was 88
See, when somebody is 88 dies, we don't say, well gee, what do they die from?
Because definitely you're on sand?
Did they die from time?
They died from father time, 88
And what, I mean, it's pretty exciting when you write a song on top of old smokey
I'll cover with cheese or whatever that was
I like the violent variation myself
What's your take on the Iraqi tax picking of violence we asked yesterday
And we had a tremendous response which will give you when we come back
But we don't want to get behind, we got to do the break because we got that big ballgame coming up
Exhibition game, any interest in the Marlon game today?
No
Marlon's in the Orioles
No
They're going to be hot
Not
I heard about 30 seconds that Joanne Marquez today telling him for the Humper
And the call was, oh and first they were talking about the Panther Game last night coma
And dude, they didn't show up by the way, too, when they lose to the ducks
Another Paltry crowd
And also about baseball starting to end, Jo said he had no interest in the Marlon's
None, he's only concerned about his Yankees
That would be like me, Santa, I'm all to concerned about my Leafs, which is true
But at any rate, and then the first call was a guy who said
Well, since you guys are like on top of all these things, you hear anything about like the
Dolphins Resign Rob Conrad and about the free agents
And all of a sudden the button in here went in the office
Just by itself?
Just automatically, as soon as it hit that sport record, it's that one of the opposition, Rob Conrad
I rather talk about Mart Radios
I rather talk about William Conrad, you know, I like those fat guys
913 at 560 WQM
Tomorrow's my 27th anniversary on the year in South Florida
And Brandy Shoes is celebrating their 25th, so we got a lot in common
Any independent family shoestor that's been around for nearly a quarter of a century
He's got to be doing a lot of things right there, keep bringing those customers back
Like offering an unbeatable selection of men's and women's famous brand shoes like Rockport's Echoes, Mephisto, Timberland Clark's
S.A.S. Florescheye and Lot's Moore
And then they got a wide range of sizes, whether you have big fat long feeder, little tiny, skinny one
And a foot too, men's size is 6 to 15, women's 5 to 12
And which from the very nearer to the very wide, speaking of that I missed small, their last time
And I have to watch the easy view on Sunday on Tuesday night, missed it
Speaking of big feet
And don't forget their professional sales stat that will help you select the right styles
Then sit your ass down and fit those shoes to your individual feet
And with over 40,000 pair in stock and their 8,000 foot gigantic megastore
You're always fine that they got whatever you're looking for in stock
Brandy is a great place to shop for shoes, they're a 1290 North Federal Highway in Pomano Beach
Open every day 99 to 9 Sundays 10 to 5 and this week is always another special
All this week at Brandy shoes all men's and women's spirit boaches on sale American originals only 4990
All of their spirit styles 20% off this week only at Brandy's in Pomano Beach
Get your money and more
This is Sportswear New Vice to you
You way M
Let it your a muglem wanting to get rid of those annoying curds
A Sikh trying to rid the world of Hindus or a Christian wanting to eliminate abortionists
There's only one place to shop for all your religious weaponry, religious weapon supply company
At RWS we believe in the rights of all religions to physically insert their prejudice against other religions
Who don't agree with their fits of values
RWS supplies all organizations with a vast range of weapons and we ship all over the world
For only a small extra charge we offer an engraving service to have the name of your faith and scribe on each weapon
Indicating to your God your level of commitment
So before you start your next G-HOD, stock up now at RWS, religious weapons supply because you know your faith is that
Alright, it's good
My 18 at 560 WQA and poor little Carlos, he's in traffic court today
Now you did manage to to a fax him all of those bedtime stories
Yes, for our website, yeah
Get with a little beener
No that's what he reminds me of
He's not Cuban, he's got to be, isn't he like a little beener?
You definitely would see him at Taco Bell
Here's a fax, our first fax of the day from the audience it says
Let me be the first to say that the, I can't read a word on here
It's tough
There's something that come out today
The highest, oh the trends, that the Howard David show will ever receive
My reason is that January book is something the NFL playoffs and a Super Bowl
And the National Championship Fiesta Bowl, these events led to some interest in the morning show
Included
The January book is included
This is an inside deal
Who is this from?
You got me
My new, or my new world's first pitch 105 pregame
What is this main? Have a great afternoon? This is an inside job
Let's get the handwriting analysts
Hey Miguel, whose handwriting is this?
Go walk around the building card and I think this is this
This is like an inside job
We'll see if this is the highest mark the Mohawar David show everybody receives
I sure have my doubts and what is his rating? Have to do it in fact a fall book
Wasn't the fall book the dolphin book?
Yeah, yeah, last time we checked was that a big number?
No, that was a death knell if you asked me so what the hell are they talking about?
Obviously somebody from inside who knows nothing about programming which could be a lot of people in that place
Okay, let's get back to the poll can we please?
1301 votes, see it's good that we stall a little bit
There we got over 1300 pretty heavy duty response and we should have of course
What's your take on the Iraq attack?
It's coming but I'm against it 459 35.2% it's mostly about oil
OIL 372 28 and a half percent it's coming I'm all for it 318 only 24.4%
That's not what you call too heavy duty is it?
Well it can still be avoided 102 7.8% of very very naive people who don't understand
It's coming whether you like it or not it's coming
And I have no clue 50 which have got to be the people who called us yesterday all 50 of them
Yeah, probably Greg voted to I have no clue
Thanks for your refreshing honesty Greg it's about time
Now here's today's poll which was offered by a listener yesterday I'm thinking about one thing
Yeah, see he put your name in crystal on there which I I also put on there but the audience says
The audience has never seen your wife number one and most of them have never seen you either
Right you spelled it wrong so I fixed it
Well we're crossing it out anyway. Oh all right well
I don't know what either one of your look like so what the hell is that to me you know
Some of know what you look like I added one by the way
Okay, what is it? Anna Cornico then Enrique
Well I don't understand what does that what does that mean? Why do you say that?
Oh just a thing is he ugly? No?
No, I know what you're trying to say again always coming back to the same thing with you
Try to say you know say a more thing
In fact George is doing his best in first nation of Reverend Jones this week
Everybody's gay
You're gay
In fact if you're saying that to Anna I think you may have a point
Really? But that's my thing
I think she's a dyke but that's just my take
Better that than the alternative
Either that or she's a fag hag
Hmm
Because she seems to hang around a lot of people of questionable persuasion but nevertheless
I haven't even asked a question yet and already you're interfering
Couples who most made you say what the f is she doing with him?
And I thank very much the listener see if you people out there would do something more constructive once in a while
Like most said yesterday when he got that crank call which I see he doesn't know how to deal with crank calls
He just can't believe that anybody would crank call his show
He can't accept that
I can't believe it
So you know be constructive that's something to say there's plenty of other shows on this station where you can call it and be an asshole
That's right why not?
That's what we specialize this is why I get to pay a lot of money for talking to assholes
In fact people ask what I do
I always tell them I talk to assholes for hours every day
At least I'm being honest
Couples who most made you say what the f is she doing with him
Julia Roberts and Lyle Love it that was the first one came to my mind
And these aren't necessarily people who are together today but people have been together you know
Right
Catherine Zita Jones and Michael Douglas I know what that's all about
Carmen Electra and Dennis Rodman Denise Chenaya Twain and Mut Lang
Now does he have a name or is that just
Huh?
I don't know from him
And Celine Dion and Renee which is her bald-headed I don't think I've ever seen that
Oh wow
Although quite frankly what's the big deal with her?
She's no prize
I think that's a match made in heaven I may we'll keep that on for the moment
So you can add to that list
Couples who made you these are celebrity couples not your next door neighbor
Not people who are like I'm QAM like Georgian is why
Couples who most made you say what the f is she doing with him
Excellent topic
Robert Blake last night I was Boba
I managed to stay up for 40 minutes of that
And I also did tape the front line show last night at midnight from WNED and Buffalo
The PBS outlet here but I haven't watched it yet
See these people don't understand there are only so many hours in the day
And I was gonna like a smart ass yesterday afternoon I thought well maybe I'll watch it off the internet
There's only one problem with that
Yeah
Can you imagine what it might be?
Oh oh you have no audio on that camera there
It makes it kind of difficult to watch any TV shows in here or listen to audio when you don't have any
Oh what a concept
Nice going Corso once again you guys rocket scientists
Well if you would have just told me yeah right
So I have no audio capabilities on my cheap nice nurse computer here
Oh I will say my internet connection is absolutely sensational man never have one second of downtime
That great and I want you to feel bad
Oh thank never have had once no one moment of downtime
I did have one glitch on the end of the show I think it was a Monday member
Right before the end of the show but then I restarted the whole thing and it was just fine no problem
Just the way computer ought to be as opposed to that five-in-dime thing we got down there that pretends to be a you know your friends at Bell South
Yeah
Zero can't tune in that federal air Bell Sound
Hi Robert
Where's Robert going?
Robert just morphed into Miguel
Oh Miguel came in now I can't believe that Miguel is working his time on a high-paycho like this
He's putting his lips all over the earpiece too
Yeah they're even surprised me he's probably trying to clean him off after just getting cornered by Doreen in the hallway
In fact that's probably why he came in to join us today is probably Doreen is chasing him around in the halls again
She ran out of stuff to eat
Anyway welcome to the show I'm a girl always nice to see even though you did hate those bedtime stories
You're a liar and you're phony but that we understand you know I never lied about that after he said how you didn't
The how you didn't you lied right to my ear don't tell me it was like I had a stroke okay
He says he hated him and he always hated him and he always has that he hated
And everybody told me he loved it
In fact just in his honor maybe I'll do a few today although I think this portion in gender is some pretty dang good response
And then we got the trends coming out we got the ball game coming up what could be more exciting than a Marlon's exhibitionist game
Hi local here sports radio 560s you a UAM
Suck it in and hold it
Almost 40 years after the British invasion America is again under a musical attack but this time from the godless hordes of Canada
A new day has come the legacy of Celine Dion
This two copper aweship epic proportions is taking America by force taking money away from American singers and diverting it across the border
Where punnatic old madmen think Bach my turner over drive is still cool
Celine Dion a new day has come
Fintric hit after hit after smash hits including yet another reason to heat after I don't need no stick in green car
I'm better than you because I'm French Canadian and her latest hits I drove all night but due to the exchange rate I had to drive six hours more
Plus this bonus track of Celine Dion banging on her chest as she felt out the French Canadian national anthem if there were such a thing
Celine Dion available wherever foreign music is indiscriminately sold
Sydney Dion just nineteen ninety five
Twenty four ninety five good idiot and she makes me gag I'll tell you that nine thirty one at five sixty WQM
Here's an interesting story do you see this which one a Filipino man cut off his penis the one I emailed to you
Right in Manila a Filipino man cut off his penis tossed it through a window to his estranged wife had a bid to prove his fidelity
A Filipino newspaper said today the man wrapped the severed member in a newspaper that would be a great name for a rock band wouldn't it severed
Very good I'm writing it down
Racked it in a newspaper threw it through the window of his wife's parents home in an Northwestern town of Malaseki the Philippines star said
So you will not suspect I'm courting another girl the star said the man shouted before he hobbled off into the night
His shocked wife gave the severed penis to police who sought the help of an embomber to preserve it until her husband could be found
The paper said how do you like that? Well, he's not doing anybody else. That's for God. Yeah, even himself. Nice go answer.
So there's the new pull for you. You know who I think said that facts that I just read a little while ago that sounded like an inside job probably guilty.
You notice how he's out sick today it's trends day and I realize it's not a whole rating book but it is the trend but he's he is peeing in his pants so bad.
After that last book came out he he was not only calling all the people on the staff including me at home whining and what am I going to do with?
You know that why should he be peeing in his pants?
Because he's a nervous Nelly do you ever hear how he sounds on the air is he afraid he's going to be the next scapegoat?
Did you hear what I just said? Yeah, not only was it calling everybody on a stat he was he was taking the yellow pages starting at art vark and going all the way through zebra.
Just calling people indiscriminately just to find a number for somebody to talk to. What am I going to do?
You know like that. The show is dying. What am I going to do?
Come on Gelly. Butch up a little bit will you please? Good golly. What a push. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T Verizon line for you to peruse.
Whatever you choose and of course some additions to our poll today which we're building in progress.
Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. No more mobile.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T Verizon line. Mobile in point and beach. Hello.
Hi. How are you doing today Neil? Okay sir. I got a couple for you. Good. Thank goodness.
Well, Bob and Brown are with the Houston. What in the five truck that she going with him?
Okay not bad. Although I think they got a lot in common. Yeah. A lot. A lot in common. Well we'll put it down for you.
Okay. Okay thanks. Don't forget Marlon's baseball 1250. Okay. Whitney Houston and Bobby Brown. I don't I don't even understand that one really when you come right down.
I think they're a good match. Should we not put that down? I'm trying to put it down because I don't see like anybody else calling in with any suggestions for this as we're picking up right where we left off yesterday.
Right. This must be coma week in South Florida. Is it? Perry coma? No, no seriously. They must all be in a coma. I must be missing out on something.
And the idea that I'm not feeling in a pulse. I'm reaching for the pulse a little. Tommy. I can't find one.
Death Valley days. Of course, nobody's answering the phone anyway. So that's beside the point.
5 6 7 0 5. In his defense, Miguel has to build the the log up from scratch because Robert went in there and deleted everything that I already done.
Why did he do that? Because he likes to do it his way, which is the hard way, which takes five extra steps in preparation and execution. But don't get me started. Well we're not going to blame Robert for that.
We're blaming Carlos for being in traffic court today. Okay. And dicking around with us. You know, it's one of when you're a high paid big shot on a high rated show like this.
Carlos, you don't just pick and choose which days you're going to like, you know, screw off. Traffic court, my ass. We were worried about him this morning because I guess it
now that the clearance tell you he wasn't coming in. You just forgot about I forgot about it. He told me Carlos told me that I forgot about it. Yeah.
And he told me that he's like lay down on a job again. You know, Clarence, you're okay for the checks, which is the most important thing of all.
But all the other stuff. Oh, brother, you got a long way to go, sweetheart. A lot. He left a message on Robert's answering machine, but Robert hadn't checked his messages yet.
Robert was probably busy calling a White House all day yesterday to counter those work protesters. He was probably doing that free of Republic dot com thing. You know, we will win victory dot com.
Whatever the hell that crap wasn't didn't hear anything about them. By the way, they must have been small potatoes.
Because the other thing the one that we were talking about the virtual March that got a norm, not enormous, but it got some quite a bit of media play later on the day as
they went on. They couldn't resist it. Although one thing for all you right wingers out there, this this Donahue business.
Oh, and I got so much crap here. You know, I'm worried about these people with his pull. We'll get to them eventually.
So we know about the Sammy Al Aureon, this professor at the USF that finally got canned long overdue. We talked about the long time ago.
Well, Boca Brian in the midst of, you know, he's always feeding the material, most of which goes in the circular file, but he sent me all of this crap yesterday.
And the last page was something pretty interesting. Because this is the story which you've seen about how Al Aureon was a bush supporter and he was photographed with bush.
And here's the picture in a whole deal. It says the bush campaign in 2000 very determinedly reached out to Muslim voters indeed. Wait to hear this.
Indeed, Muslim Americans may have tipped the election to George Bush. One survey suggests that 50,000 Muslim voters of Florida normally starts Democrats react to the Al Gore selection of Jew Lieberman as his running mate.
By voting 80% for Bush. That outreach campaign opened relationships between the Bush campaign and some very disturbing people in the Muslim American community.
Many of those disturbing persons were invited to stand beside the president at post-time level events like his meeting with Muslim community leaders at the Massab mosque, which is the picture with him in Sammy Al Aureon.
That laundry had goofball. How do you like that?
Now, this is the first evidence anywhere that I've ever seen that indicates that Al Gore lost the election because it effectively puts Jew Lieberman on his running mate because he had a Jew on there with him.
Right. You talked about all the the Bible belt people. People that go around saying the crackers, all of those people ever even dawned on me about because Hode Al would know that there would be 50,000 Muslim voters who were an early vote democratic who would be voting in Florida.
I had no idea. Yes, this is an election that was picked by me in a one by 500 and some of votes. 50,000 right there.
I was the one that had the balls and the purpose of custody to tell you that when you put a Jew running mate on there in America, America is not.
And this idea that Lieberman is running for president. I know the secret. I was right. I was right. I thought make a fine president.
And the other thing filled on who strikes back at MSNBC.
Phil strikes back yesterday suggesting that it was too quick to pull the trigger that might be trying to out.
Out Fox Fox with conservative voices. Don Hughes political talks show a distant third in the cable news ratings in his time slot was abruptly pulled from the air after Monday show the show from
March 15. He noted that Don and his ratings were better than anything else in struggling MSNBC's primetime lineup.
It took almost three years for Fox News to overtake CNN and he sent a statement in the release yesterday. We had six months.
But the most disturbing thing. He noted that the network recently hired conservative commentator Mike Savage as host of a weekend show and retired Republican politicians Dick Army.
Remember Dick Army. Yes. And his army has a merry band of lunatics. Oh my God. What is that? Oh, it's under Barney Faggot. Yes. I'll find it. It's the last God damn thing I do. And also Joe Scarborough.
Former Republican Congressman. I mean, we're talking about real, real right winger. I like peace and quiet. Man, I don't need to listen to money.
I mean, Frank, Frank in in my ear because I made a few bucks off a book. I worked on it. Yeah, you tell him dick. Dick Army Joe Scarborough and Mike Savage.
This suggests the strategy to out Fox Fox says Don and you and of course it goes to show you how stupid they are. You know what it's like?
It's like somebody else put another sports show on in the market. Let's have four or five more. Okay. So they can divide up the other two points that are left.
No, you're wrong. It'll bring more people to sports. Yeah, that's right. I forgot Ray Perry being the broadcasting genius that he is.
Bring more people to sports. Let's have a baseball card station. 24 hours all baseball card talk all day. It'll bring more people to the baseball card industry.
Don't you say how could it not? Here's a call from Davy. Hello. Yeah, sir. Yes, sir. I just want to give you a big report. Okay.
The whole day. The whole station is there must be 16 or 18 on both ends. We're getting it. Flamingo and we're between 84 and Krippen Road.
All right. All right. Okay.
Okay. Okay.
All right.
And call tickets offense team. Please. Well, this is got obviously got a ticket and it's pissed off about it. Okay.
I don't blame them. They reminds me of you and all this business about where we're going to call them French fries anymore.
We're getting ready to blow up the world all day long yesterday. The economy is in a crapper.
And all we got is this crap about. Let's stop calling them French fries because we hate the French people.
We hated the French people before all of this crap.
Don't smile and look all this is for 205 City.
We're in the way.
I'm on it and grateful that you would see me today.
Totally. My most valued friend. For what reason do you bother me today?
I want a station at it on my own.
What has he done to reserve such a face? These are me men. How very me men.
He wants to be mobilized. He will say to not do. But I will have a station.
Thank you, Godfather.
Whoa.
Come on, the door.
The door is sports.
The door is sports.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait a second.
Yeah.
That's it.
Okay.
Okay, but bend over.
Time for some sesame seed crunch.
What do you hack it?
Yeah, but the tone I was dead, didn't you?
Not a dimension.
Hey man, I'm not talking. My tone is going to get a bit easier.
Wait a minute. I'm not mow.
I'm just spilling it into there. I'm bokebrying.
I'm bokebrying. I must have got confused because you're naked. It looks like an oyster.
Yeah, it does, doesn't it?
So where's mow?
Well, he knows Geldy put a contract out on him. So he's hiding out at scoogins.
Skogins, huh?
Yeah, and he's using clairs for a human shield.
I know that's going. Come on, let's go. I've got a job to do for the gods' help.
Okay.
To the love bump.
My punch god is full. Would you like another kippie coffee?
Yes.
Thank you, man.
No clairs. What do you say we blow this pop stand?
For a little sport home, the spoon's here to do me.
Oh, I really should be getting that.
Sports? Oh, don't say about this.
You know, sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Lando won.
Sports.
No women, just men.
Men.
Dad, you may have a little number.
Haha. I got him.
The jigs up all.
Hey, Hercut.
Yeah, what about it?
There's show we can say, Jiggy.
Pick up them pink chicken pants.
Hey, everybody.
This race is only a lie.
No, it's not.
The perfect choice.
You haven't fun, Mom.
Why you little assay?
Yeah.
What are you doing out, Wiggy and five in chills?
Well, my wife likes it so much.
I always dress like this now.
You?
You like it, you're better than me.
Sports.
No women, just a little bit.
Just a little bit.
Just a little bit.
Just a little bit.
Nine forty seven and five sixty-one.
See, they don't get it.
They just don't get it.
I already crossed out with the Houston Bobby Brown.
The poll that we're trying to build today and with no success.
I thought it was a good question, didn't you?
Yeah.
Couples who made you most say what the eff is she doing with him?
We got Julia Roberts and Lion Love it.
Catherine Zeta Jones and Michael Douglas.
Carmen Electro and Dennis Riven.
Oh, I'll tell you another one.
Britney Spears and Justin Tigger.
Yeah, oh.
How could we forget?
Because even in this is either past or present.
Justin Tinkerbell.
But cross out with the Houston and Bobby Brown.
Because they belong together.
It's a match made in heaven, man.
Mace made in crack heaven.
We got Carmen Electro and Dennis Riven,
a Chenier Twain and Mutlang and Celine Dion.
Don't even put down Celine Dion.
Crossed out one out two.
All right, she's a dog.
That's also a good match.
For somebody and you faxed this to me, which is shocking.
Yeah.
Brock Hudson and Doors Day.
Right.
Now I'm going to share all these with you.
No thanks.
I mean, first of all, they wore a couple.
It was in a movie, okay?
She wasn't the beard that they had him hooked up with.
It was in a movie.
Oh, that's right.
What was that, ladies and gentlemen?
I have no idea.
I'm supposed to know what they were.
Or they were the big special.
The morning gilding called into the Humper Show yesterday
while doing Mark Rock, applying his chair.
Whoever was screening the calls didn't tell him what was.
And for the first few seconds of the call until the caller said it's Goldstein,
it sounded like they thought they were talking to a girl.
How do you like that?
That's funny.
She only called into the Humper Show.
This is starting to be like a light bulb.
WFTL revisited.
Were they all used to call each other's show as members of those days?
Yeah.
Mr. King, I disagree with you.
Wow, Mr. King, blow it out your ass.
You know, all that crap that can drive the horse ball crap.
That the only the top show groupies could love and only listen to over the age of 100.
Oh my God.
Gildy calling into the Joe and Mark Show.
And I wonder what he got sick, huh?
What do you call it in for?
For one.
For free.
I don't know.
I wonder what he said.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60.
Let's get some real couples on here that makes sense.
Britney Spears ingest in Tinkerbell.
Don't you people get it?
I don't think they get it.
No.
Do you?
Do you ever gonna get it?
When do they?
Once in a while, we'll do a poll that is kind of cute and they'll come up.
Are they usually help us build a list?
Oh, you're right.
Usually, you see, this requires a little bit of creativity.
Usually it's just like the name of a song.
Name of anything.
Right.
Name a movie.
But this requires like a, a, a, a, a family pair.
Like Bill Cohen used to say on that awful quiz show.
What was that show blockbusters?
Was that it?
I don't remember, but I got one.
And you mentioned them all the time.
Mary Magdalene and, uh, what's his name?
Oh, and James Carvell.
Yeah.
That's an excellent piece of work.
James Carvell and Mary Magdalene.
What's her real name?
That is her name.
Are you serious?
Magdalene.
Oh, okay.
M-A-G-O-L-A-N.
I believe it's how it's spelled.
I mean, I think, well, Mary Magdalene, it would be good.
I don't know how to spell Carvell either.
So if it comes up wrong.
Carvell, not Carvell.
Carvell is ice cream.
No, no, no.
Carvell.
C-A-R-V-I-L-L-E.
So now, I'm thinking again about that week that you were invocating, and McGill was sitting
in the inside where you are now.
Yeah.
And it wouldn't say a goddamn word.
I mean, just left me out there to dry.
That was back when I was still doing the bedtool.
Oh, that's because you intimidate some people.
No, I understand why, because he hated the bedtime stories.
He just didn't want to say so.
Oh, that's right.
Oh, that's silent protest.
Right, exactly.
It worked, too.
Here's Pepper Pine.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Kind of the change of subject before I do.
Uh, you're getting an echo.
Yeah.
So just to let you know, I can write.
Get an echo on what?
When we're listening to people calling in, when you hear people calling in, there's an echo.
Yeah, well, that's, uh, that's to be our biggest problem.
On this station, that should be a huge problem.
Yeah, that's true.
Just kiss the ground that you can hear QA, I'm okay.
Yeah, that's true.
I don't even understand.
You can't stream anymore, too.
Yeah.
Uh, did you have a restryman?
Did you, did you happen to catch the Robert Blake interview with Barbara Walter?
Yeah, I just, I mentioned that before.
I did not.
I did or not.
It was quite interesting, uh, with what he had to say.
Why?
And he looked at it.
Why was it interesting?
Oh, he did was crying.
Candy bars.
Well, that's true.
He did it.
Don't you think he did it?
I don't know.
And I had to say.
And I had it.
So, another reason you have no, you have no opinion on it?
Well, yeah, I think he did it, but he's, he's going to get away with it just like GoJ.
Oh, I don't think so.
No, I don't think he's got, they got two bodyguards, four bodyguards.
We're going to testify that he tried to hire them to do a hit on her.
They got all of those tapes that they played in the hearing yesterday.
Yeah.
He's going to get it, man.
He's going to get it.
Oh, well, there goes, uh, there goes Breta.
Yeah, there goes Breta and the cockatoo, too.
That guy was kind of boring, you know, five, six, eight.
He was okay, but he was boring.
I don't really want to hear about the echo.
Okay, do we really have an echo?
I mean, maybe a little tinge of getting on some of the phones depending on a connection on the phone,
but that's mostly a phone function.
Because everybody tells me that what I'm here to want to show it to, I'm even better than what I'm sitting there.
Right.
And I'll tell you one thing, the air I'm breathing is a lot better than what I'm breathing than that's to do.
When I get back, now I'm checking out this HEPA filter that I bought, I spent like, I have about 250 bucks
for this real expensive filter unit, you know, this air purifier.
And of course, the first thing that happened, well, what's that?
I got it cold, but I don't think that has anything to do with it.
And it's in the bedroom.
I mean, it's big enough to, you know, clean 1500 feet.
But I want to check it out for a couple of weeks.
Yeah, I will say this when you walk into room after you've had it running awhile,
the air is like real, it feels cooler, although it's not supposed to affect the temperature,
but the air is like real fresh.
You know what I mean?
It's not my imagination, either.
Right.
The difference is dramatic.
So if I feel that this is like really doing it, I'm going to get one for my house and one for that studio too,
because that place, there is no question.
Why do you, you notice how we're having the same thing happening there?
That happened at IOD?
Sure.
Do you remember how that started when the sick building syndrome got so bad
that it like overwhelmed everybody and everybody was sick all the time?
Well, first it was me and then used to have all of that crap and then Hank is our can't breathe all the time.
I think it's in that building.
And I'll gel these out sick again probably because of the trends, but maybe because of the air.
Let's see, Angelina Jolie and Billy Bob Thornton.
Yeah.
Yes?
I mean, she's a whack job, but never the last.
She can do better than that.
Okay.
Oh and who ended up with that?
What about even though you hate her like poison with the big boobs?
How about what's her name from Baywatch?
Pamela.
Pamela Lee and Tommy.
Oh, Tommy.
The match made in heaven.
You know, get out of here.
Are you crazy?
That's both Nancy Acid-puss-dripping, skanky-desty people.
Yeah.
And then she's with Kid Rock.
Well, that's a step up.
That's another one I don't see.
Maybe she just got that eyesight.
You think that could be it?
She leaves the slime trail.
You're just jealous of that surfer boy.
Oh, he was his name.
Kelly Slater.
Kelly Slater.
Very good.
Well, she wasn't that bad back then.
Not back then.
Not that bad.
No, seriously.
She wasn't all that bad.
And of course neither was he.
He was still a lot prettier than she was.
But anyway, put it on there.
I mean, what the hell is free?
No, put it on.
Look, are you compiling the list or what?
I guess.
I mean, I'm writing all the stuff.
I'm a champion to it.
I mean, we didn't want Robert to do it because he put in all kinds of elephants on there.
No, he's just one of those lost, you know, right winged genus.
He can't control himself.
Don't think about Robert though.
He only takes, he's got my philosophy down.
Only take as much crap as absolutely necessary to get by.
Right.
You know what I mean?
He just provides it.
He's just enough crap to keep his job there in the morning.
But he doesn't take any more crap like Zack, for example.
I mean, Zach, you know, he'll do anything at this point.
He'll fall on the floor and roll around and make gutterable sound.
Robert's just the board up.
He's not going to get fired, see?
The producer is on the hot seat.
It doesn't make any difference.
Robert is just one of those people in his own bizarre way.
He's okay.
I mean, he's a full of crap, but he's okay.
As opposed to some other people in that place, who are full of crap and not okay.
By the way, speaking of that, I noticed Muff has felt very bad last couple of days
because I gave him the short trip.
But when you got a bad cold Muff and you're like, hit his all filled up,
which today it's not all that bad.
But like I didn't want to sit in shmuz with him before the show and that day on the phone
when he called me a couple of days ago, that's just the way it is when he had a cold up.
It's only a cold.
I already have one mother.
But just relax.
Don't take it personal.
I'm just, you know, when you're not feeling all that great, you're not like in a bubbly effort,
he wants to, hey, how you doing?
All that kind of crap, you know what I'm saying?
No, what do you say?
I'm saying cut the crap up.
My life and local.
This is 4205 City.
You a new AM.
I'm in, hold your breath.
Coming up tonight on Inside the Behind the True Hollywood Celebrity Music biography profile story.
We take a good heart.
Stiff, looking to start him.
They were a male duo who created a radically charged techno disco music
fueled by the Burjling Gay London Club scene.
And yet their song was a big hit with straight guys in America.
They were soft-sale.
Believe me, there was nothing funnier to us
been seeing so-called straight guys in the States
dancing to our gayer than gay synthesized drumbeats.
Leadsinger Mark Oman found its soft-sale with his friend from art school, Dave Ball.
Dave and I were basically saying to the listener, go ahead, picture us co-mingling.
And there's some corn-fed white boy from Iowa shaking his sorry ass on the dance floor,
completely oblivious to his inner queer.
So what is an inner queer?
Oman'd liken the phenomenon to that of homophobic football fans,
pounding their fists to, we will rock you.
Without taking the time to realize they're being spurred on by Freddie Mercury.
Look, I'm not saying every guy would suddenly turn homosexual
given the right circumstances.
Oh, alright, I am saying that.
For more on the subject, we turned to Princeton University psychologist, Dr. Eugene Stuffett.
Well, I don't want to say anything too damning, but I have been married for 15 years.
For something, I cannot say what does happen to me when I hear that soft-sale song.
Now I know I've got to run away, I've got to get away.
Oh, yes, yes.
Soft-sale, the almost made us all gay.
Not that there's anything wrong with that.
It's a big juicy, sobbing-wet look at your business tonight, uninside the mind.
10-1-5-60 WQM Happy Thirsty to a Marlon baseball exhibition game,
1250 today between the Marlins and the Baltimore Orioles and any interest.
No.
And then the Hopper is going to be in studio.
He was supposed to be out there at the Reverend Jones' fight in Vegas.
Right.
After Marlon baseball around four o'clock till six.
Well, and then of course, then another short show,
at six thirty, because we got the Shitko Panther preview,
the Panthers at the lightning seven o'clock tonight.
And then a cane and Joe Mark back in their slot overnight.
You know that Vlad was doing the updates on the sports this morning on Mochio?
No.
He was?
Yes.
I think he was out sick.
He was out sick.
Now, don't you think Clarence should have been doing those sports updates?
But like Robert said, they don't come in and hold their hand anymore, no more ding-dong school.
They just put up a big sign on the door there.
It said Gournish-Telfin.
Here's the fact that this is a hard pull.
I guess, I don't know.
It's the first one I thought of was Lyle Lovett and Julia Roberts also.
It says, how about your boy Larry King?
And you know something that is a good suggestion.
I said, we don't know what that bitch's name is.
No, no, but how about Larry King and Angie Dickinson?
Oh.
What?
I forgot no about that.
Well, I haven't.
This is past or present.
Larry King and Angie Dickinson.
Don't be trusted, I'll ask.
There you go.
Maybe she was going through some hard times.
I'm sure not with him.
Here's another fact that just they don't get it.
They don't get it.
It goes down about MSNBC and they'd be-
I suggested a couple for your pull Michael Jackson and Elizabeth Taylor.
Elizabeth Taylor wasn't that.
That wasn't a couple.
She's just a fag-hag, that's all.
And there are a few things in life that disturb me more than fag-hags, by the way.
But nevertheless,
how about Michael Jackson and Lisa Marie?
Right.
Even though we knew what that was all about.
That's not the point.
I know they were a couple.
I'm right in them.
Michael Jackson and Lisa Marie, I thought this would be a piece of cake for them.
I looked at that phone, I thought, boy, this is great.
Here's a- since I noticed, I just checked our website.
Yeah.
And I'm glad you've faxed a-
a be-er-boy, they're the stuff for today, but boy's going to take a long time.
Sorry, our website, we apologize for.
I don't know why I should have to, but I apologize anyway.
But in fact, it's still got all I yesterday's still stuff on there, including call the White House
and participate in the March against the Victor virtual March against War, etc.
All the still stuff from yesterday is still on there.
This one story in Newsweek by John Berry, which I'm only going to read two short paragraphs,
Don't Get Panicky, here you go.
John Berry, the defector secrets,
whose saying come ill, the highest ranking Iraqi official ever to defect from Sodom,
whose saying's inner circle told CIA and British intelligence officers,
and you were inspectors in the summer 1995,
that after the Gulf War, Iraq destroyed all of its chemical and biological weapons stocks
and the missiles to deliver them.
Did you follow that?
I heard it, I read it when you faxed it.
Kamel was Saddam Hussein's son-in-law and had direct knowledge of what he claimed
for 10 years he'd run Iraq's nuclear chemical biological and missile programs.
He told his Western interrogator, again, interrogators, he hoped his revelations
would trigger Sodom's overthrow, but after six months in exile in Jordan,
Kamel realized the US would not support his being and becoming Iraq's rule-aracted Sodom's demise,
he chose to return to Iraq where he was promptly killed.
That's the story of Beyond the Website in its entirety, from Newsweek.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Since we're supposed to believe that once we get in there,
then we're going to find all of this stuff, boy,
and then we're going to show the world and say,
say, say, all you French and you Germans and you Ruskies and Chinks and everybody else,
say, we know it's in there.
It's in there.
Just like Prago spaghetti sauce, man, you stir round it up, you'll find it.
It's in there.
So if a stirracle Carlos has what?
The hate refresh.
Refresh this, okay.
Go back to trap, Accord, and good bug on me, okay, you little goofball.
Well, what hate refresh I want, I'm on my home page, I'm not on that thing.
We're still getting the votes pouring in from yesterday's pool,
which we still got on there because, you know, let's see,
hit refresh the news stories beyond.
There it is right there.
I told you it was on there.
He would let us down the factor secrets.
There it is right there.
Virtual war protest, Jans congressional phones.
He still hasn't gotten off that woman without worth thing.
No, get with it.
You're going to get start there, beener boy, but got a lot of work to do.
That's, see, that's a much better name for me.
I'll reach out.
Now, don't you think Beener boy, I'm using it.
He is, he is the definitive Beener boy, man.
He's not, not brown though.
Here's the lady, he's not still.
Here's the lady in Boca.
Lady in Boca.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Dale.
How are you?
Thank you.
Which is the way I didn't have a radio in my car for about two months.
And I just got it.
And I'm so happy to listen to a show every morning now.
Great.
And I just don't want to thank you for it, whatever you're doing.
And you have a wonderful day.
And back to you.
Thank you so much.
You're welcome.
Bye-bye.
Well, that was, here's Jim in Atlanta, Faxes.
See, now they're getting the thing.
He says it's a great pull question, but it's tough one when he starts to think of them.
I don't think so.
We came up with what?
Three.
Half a dozen.
I came up with Brittany and Justin Tinkerbell.
Huh?
Yeah, I came up with Anna and Enrique.
We're not putting that on there.
We're not?
Get that, are you crazy?
What is wrong with you?
Are you out of your mind?
Why would anybody put that on there?
Because this isn't about who's straight and who's gay.
It's about, obviously, the intent of the person that sent us the suggestion was what is she doing with somebody that looks like that.
Okay?
Maybe Anna Cornel-Holien and Enrique are both whatever the LAR.
But at least the one thing is that they're both attractive.
You understand they're both pretty.
He's pretty and she is, but nevertheless, say, you don't get it either.
You're participating in a poll.
You're the poll-meister.
And you don't get it.
I thought that qualified.
Oh, you are such a little homophobic spec.
Here are a couple for you.
Pick it on Enrique again.
Okay, what the hell did he ever do to you?
Shirley Jones and Marty Engels, that's excellent.
Say, now we're getting there.
You're writing these down?
Yep.
Tommy Matholia and Mariah Carey.
I gotta play that.
I just love that.
I love that.
That's one so far.
Oh, it is great.
Barbara Bach and Ringo Starr.
Who the hell is Barbara Bach?
She was cute.
She did some acting movies.
Was she in Bach's Menterna overdrive?
I think she's Catherine Bach's sister, but I'm not sure.
Maybe she used to shop at Orb Box.
I don't know who he'll have.
Okay, put that down.
Oh, you saw the movie that he did.
The Caveman movie, the comedy?
No.
Oh, really?
Who is the guy?
Do you think I would go to see a movie with Ringo Starr?
100 years ago.
Not going to see it, but just a spin on a million times.
No.
Anyway, she was in the movie with him.
She's a cutie.
And Stephen Atlantis is not saying that these are good ones.
They are good ones.
I don't see it.
And Tommy Matholia and Mariah Carey, were they like a number?
I thought they were married or something.
I don't know.
I don't know what he looks like.
Do you know what he looks like?
No idea.
Let's ask Michael Hill-No.
Okay, we'll keep that one off for the time being.
Somebody might know.
5, 6, 7.
This is very difficult.
You're right.
I thought he was with Talia.
Huh?
I thought he was with Talia.
Tommy Matholia.
Now.
Now.
Okay.
Tommy up.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
0, 5, 60.
On the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
How about Robert Ragnar and the Joanne?
What was your name?
Joanne Natalie Wood.
Just a joke.
It's Joanne Natalie Wood.
Hard.
I always wish we still had that bit about Natalie drifted out.
I don't have to see whatever that one.
I remember that one.
Bob and Tom Pitt.
We don't have it?
No chance.
Here's a call from Davey.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
Okay.
I may have a poll entry, but first I have a couple of quick comments if I may.
Well, regarding the AM show, I like Goldie.
And I gave Mohaward an honest chance.
And I don't like him.
That's a straightforward example.
Second, while I was on hold, I heard he used the word first.
First the capacity.
Now, you may break.
I'll listen to AM radio.
I have even tried to look it up in my Scravel dictionary, but I couldn't find it.
Sorry.
Now, anyways, regarding the poll suggestion, you may need to reverse it or additionally reverse it.
And what is this guy doing with that?
Okay.
He's calling or stole my thunder a little bit with a little bit of this tailor.
But with that in mind, my entry would be Elizabeth Taylor and anybody.
And that's all I got now.
Okay.
In other words, not much.
Elizabeth Taylor was once a beautiful woman.
Right?
She was once considered one of the most four or five beautiful women in the world.
Her and Grace Kelly and a couple of others on those old movies.
Oh, never did I did that poll.
I was embarrassing.
I don't know what I must have been on the rag that day.
About the most beautiful woman of all time, celebrity.
Mm-hmm.
And somebody called in to Elizabeth Taylor and I bitched them out and somebody called and said,
Grace Kelly and I said, oh yeah, sure.
Why'd you do that?
I don't know.
I have no idea because Grace Kelly was beautiful.
Like, technically.
Grace Kelly, the woman, the girl that plays Sheridan on passions that I'm always talking about
when you won't watch it.
She looks very much a little bit like Grace Kelly, a little somewhat.
Yeah, she was pristine.
Two eyes and nose.
Huh?
Grace Kelly, pristine.
Yeah.
Christine?
In fact, maybe there was the car she was driving with.
That's why I went off the edge of that mountain.
Oh.
Christine.
Could be.
You know, who was in Christine, don't you?
Yeah.
John Stockwell.
I know about the guy with the glasses that Goofy got.
I don't know what his name is.
I don't remember those kind of people.
I remember the people.
Don't look really good like John Stockwell.
That was Lionair and the bed was leg up in the ear, naked.
Oh, and speaking of that, guiding life fans.
Christine, I don't know.
Anyway, I think guiding light is on down there right now.
Mike Tyson and Robin Givens.
I'm just passing them to you.
I don't know.
I have no idea.
I remember what she looks like.
She was beautiful, but he had a lot of money.
So what's the perfect?
That's perfect.
That's exactly what we want.
I'm not Robin Givens and Mike Tyson.
Get that on there.
So the new Shane on guiding lights.
He won't think about soap operas.
Is they character stare off his little kids?
And for a very short time, their little kids,
they're like four, five, six, and then all of a sudden they're like 12.
And then like a week later, they're like 17 or 18.
Every soap opera is the same thing, huh?
Right.
So now we got a new Shane on guiding light.
And all I can say is, go right to that Goofy little kid with the bad lips.
And now we got a new Shane that made his debut.
I believe yesterday or very recently anyway.
Big improvement boys and girls.
I just mentioned that in case we have any guiding light people out there though.
Probably not.
Probably watching it right now.
The good news is the Buffalo station.
You're still here.
Is it between three and four?
That's the great news.
See another good reason for me to be here at Tom Jicke.
I checked the website on the Sun Central Day.
See if Tom Jicke wrote anything local.
Before you asked, the answer is no.
No.
In fact, we ought to check back to that thing that he wrote about the duof shop.
About 100 years ago.
He knew his developed.
And see if he's known.
See if since then he's written one word about anything local radio or TV.
Because if he has, I've missed it.
I'm talking about it in that Sunday book.
I'm talking about it in his daily call.
What makes you think he's going to?
Why do you keep expecting?
Because he's supposed to be the TV radio editor number one.
And because he was the guy that says, oh, you know,
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
Well, that New Yorkie pedantic son of his.
I'm still here, Tom.
And I got more of a finger on a pulse of what's going on down there.
And at least talk about what else is going on down there.
It's supposed to you who just writes puff pieces about network TV shows
that are really progress and boring, Tom.
Did I mention that he's an asshole?
Not lately.
1013 at 560 WDQM guy's size makes a big difference.
Make no mistake about it.
I put a big one in the bank yesterday.
And I'm not even there.
How do you like that?
Like magic.
And according to the Florida Department of Labor,
computer professionals have really big impressive ones too.
And naturally we're talking about paychecks.
Even if you have a small penis, if you have a big paycheck,
it goes a long way.
According to the state of Florida, computer careers are among the highest paid
and the highest demand too.
And fast-tracking up you achieve your new high-paying computer career
in just four short months.
They've got locations all over town,
so no matter where you live, it's going to be easy to get there.
They're one in Kendall, Miami for a lottery on Pembert Pines.
With day evening and weekend schedules,
now there is no longer any excuse for you to stay in some crappy,
that end job working for peanuts like Miguel and Carlos.
Pick up that phone and call Fast Train Tool-Free 1-866 Fast Train.
That's 866 Fast Train.
They've got full-time job placement.
guaranteed financing too.
Call them today or check them out on thewebidfastrain.com.
That's 1-866 Fast Train because now you two can have a big, impressive one.
560 WDQM.
560 WDQM.
And do I like Fast?
On tonight's action news, it's the reason Mr. Rogers has a retire.
It's Mr. Rogers, the lost episode.
Let's have some makefully.
I want to share you this toy that I brought.
Yeah, it's just a toy, you know.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Put it back in right in there.
And out of town.
And what a good feeling.
That was fun wasn't it?
Isn't it fun to pretend things like that?
You can use your fingers.
On tonight's action news.
But I guess you can see it's no secret what a good feeling they gave me.
Oh you're coming and Mr. McFeely's coming.
10-18.
Not anymore Mr. Rogers, not anymore.
At least he ain't.
Gilbert just called again.
Really?
Yeah.
Oh my god.
Well, okay.
Now the ball is in your court.
And like I said, when I get back to town,
I'm going to take personal attention to Gilbert Solomon myself.
I'm going to become personally involved in the Gilbert Solomon crank call business on WQA.
I'm just keep counting your lucky stars, Gilbert.
Just count the days till I get back.
It won't be long.
And then, then they will fear you.
5-6-7-0-5-60, pound 5-60 on EAT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
How very sad.
Okay, now I'm not writing down the ones after my short list.
Okay, I am.
So you'll, uh, I got Judy right there.
Here's the pull again.
Couples who most made you say what the F is she doing with him or the other way around.
Judy Roberts, I love it.
Catherine Zeta Jones, Michael Douglas, Carmen Electra, Denise Robman, Chenaya Train and Mut Lang, Brittany Spears and Justin Tinkerbell, James Carville and Mary Magdalene,
Angelina Jolie and Billy Bob Thornton.
That's all I got.
What'd be the other one's on her?
Uh, where we go?
Oh, that's page two.
Larry King, Angie Dickinson.
Oh!
Michael Jackson and Lisa Marie.
Uh-huh.
Shirley Jones and Marty Ingalls.
Mmm.
Tommy Matolia and Mariah Carey.
Barbara Bach Ringo star.
Mike Tyson Robyn Gibbons.
Christie Brinkley, Billy Joel.
Oh, wait.
We might not have discussed these yet.
Oh, you're getting away him yourself.
Sorry.
Now, what was it, David Brinkley and who?
Poor David Brinkley.
But that's a sad, sad day, boys and girls.
What happened to poor David Brinkley?
First his eyeball started falling out of the sockets and he was still on the RNABC.
And then they put him like often, like a nursing home somewhere where everything is.
And he's a bed, bed bound, a bed, uh, bread burden.
Whatever it is.
So anyway.
And then they had this fire member a couple weeks ago.
And the guy had to carry him out of there.
Right.
That is just, uh, put it.
And you know what caused it, don't you?
I give up.
Smoking.
He ate too much of that.
Uh, what was that thing he was doing?
The agricultural crap that phony food that they, uh, I don't know.
Archers Daniel, Midlaid.
I ADM.
Don't you remember he was doing those spots?
It was a big stink about it.
Oh, that's right.
I think he ate too much of that phony food.
So I got a factor that you won't be able to read.
And I, yeah, because I can barely.
What is it?
Some, some good suggestions on here.
So I think, uh, let's, let's get with it.
Throw him out of here.
Don't drag your feet.
I'm not dragging it.
Um, what is it?
David Arquette and Courtney Cox.
She's the chick on friends and he's a, uh, Courtney Cox.
What, what's wrong with you?
I don't really watch kids.
I know who she is.
Okay.
Some of these don't make sense.
Like he's just writing down a lot of couples, like established couples.
Like he wrote down.
You guys see, you know, Wally Cox, right?
I'm sure she's not his daughter.
Gina Davis.
Yeah.
Which, uh, you know, he's, he's a nut.
Oh, look at this.
Look at this.
Oh my God.
They would expect that they're going to come out and announce the lowering of the nation's
terror threat level.
Right now it is an orange, which is high.
We understand it's going to be lower down to yellow, which is elevated.
Yeah.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Okay.
Put down the duct tape and the viscule.
I got to go now.
I got to take all that, uh, drop down.
Oh my God.
If it weren't so pathetic, it would be funny, you know what?
And it's still funny.
There is that silly ass time rate standing up there and again, and all, all even though they're
lying about it through their teeth.
Oh no, we had lots of other reasons to be very concerned.
Come to find out that this, uh, schmatt, the head was lying through his teeth.
They made him take a lie detector test and that the whole orange alert panic thing was a
cover he razz because they were afraid there was something going to go on that they hadn't
heard about and come to find out the guy made it all up.
Right.
And so here they are.
They got an orange alert and a red face.
And now we're like going back to the yellow alert.
And then it's just, uh, amazing.
Oh, guess it was all with a king myster last night speaking to him.
Uh-huh.
I give up that Bill Marjackass, you know, the one from politically incorrect his own HBO.
Now see, the thing with him, he reminds me, he reminds me a little bit of, uh, that broad,
what tells her name that, uh, one week she's a liberal and she's a,
a reanna Huffington.
Okay.
Who is not a liberal by any stretch, but every now and then she'll read a comment.
I've read several of them because she writes up that makes a lot of sense and then she'll
just go off the deep end again.
But he's kind of like the same way because he said some things last night that made sense.
But in between, I mean, he's just such a bonehead and such a little twerp.
He's like, did Kavva without the brains, you know, and just is boring.
But he wears a lot of makeup and Larry was sucking away and sucking away and sucking away.
Okay, Christie, drink the ability to go on.
Now why did you just fac- me this when you already just read it?
Well, because I forgot that I had already written it.
Gee, this George get with it.
You wasted my fac- paper, your little Bozo.
How many trees did they got to trap down because George has got Alzheimer's?
A hundred?
Let's get with it.
Yeah, so let me just say the, uh, the good ones that he suggested on here.
Yeah.
Tara Read and Carson Daily.
Who?
Tara Read.
Here's in the American Pie movies.
Okay.
He saw any of them.
She was the, I really get the book.
I would know if I seen her, yeah.
You were nice, blue eyes.
And he's got, this is funny.
He's got Drew Barrymore and Tom Arnold.
I think he's thinking about Tom Green.
Oh, well, that's it.
What's wrong with that one?
No, that's very nice one.
Tom Green.
Like I said, I'm just reading the ones that, uh, actually-
Well, don't you think that's a good, uh, I already wrote it down about five minutes?
I already wrote it down about five minutes.
I already wrote it down about five minutes.
Oh, no, no, there's a classic example of how MTV destroys everything it touches.
You hear anything about him lately?
No.
And never will again.
I mean, he might come out with some great Z movie again, but you know, hear about it for two minutes.
It'll be it.
And when he was doing a comedy club stuff up here in Canada, which he is Canadian A and those two guys on the show with him also are,
uh, when he was doing that stuff, I-I told you about him before he ever came on MTV.
He was a panic.
It was a hysterical show.
It was peeing your pants funny.
Did I bring in the video that time for you?
Yeah, no, it was great.
And they were saying all these words?
Right.
Oh, it's picking up all of these words, getting back to Robert Blake.
So here's MSNBC yesterday, and I don't know about the other ones because I wasn't watching anybody else.
They were carrying the court hearing, the Robert Blake court hearing live.
And they were playing the tape, the recording, the phone calls to a body bait.
Oh, and last night with Bob, he made a comment that I just about crap my pants.
Luckily, I was in bed.
When he met Bonnie Bacley at this club, jazz club, or whatever,
he used to go and pick up the broads and have sex with him.
He met her and he looked at her and thought, oh, and they're showing her picture while he's talking.
And oh, she's pretty, and I thought to myself, oh, nastiest bird face.
I mean, she is an insult to trailer trash from coast to coast.
Yeah.
Nasty face, uh-huh.
Nasty, porky body.
Right.
I mean, just a grotesque tell of crap.
That's right.
He's talking about how pretty she was.
Well, he's lost it like his eyesight, too.
Of course, when you drink all of that, you know, sometimes about two, three in the morning, you know how that gets.
Yeah, they all look real pretty.
Got a real pretty mouth stuff like that.
Yeah.
26 pants, so I was like, oh, so anyway, MSNBC had every four lit award that's ever been invented
because it was on the tape recording.
And you f&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&
and nobody is going to say crap
much less take one
how do you like that?
so let's just say we're in news station now
we're quite frankly
if we said QAM they'd laugh
we're not going to do it
because in QAM the news updates are sports updates
don't ever forget it
how can we? clearance
27 after 10 at 5, 60, W to QM
don't ever forget one other thing too
and that is that the Lord works in mysterious ways
one of them is by taking away guys here at a very early age
some guys like even before they get to be 20
are already developing that nasty
male pattern baldness that big hole in their head
like the one a Greg is scratching all the time
if you'd like to get your hair back
the choices are unlimited now
everybody in their brother promises you a full head of hair
they're those dangerous pills you can take
they're the holes that they drill in your head
they're the mosty way to look in pieces
that people just fall on a floor laugh at about
they're the bad weaves like sand domes and wares
and then there's Charles Offeer's natural hairline system
the choice is yours
you can spend a fortune for any of the rest of those things
or look great and a very reasonable price
with Charles Offeer's brand new technology
the natural hairline system the reason it's so great
is because it looks real looks like real hair
like it's grown out of your scalp as a pro
like something fell out of the sky and died on your head
mentioned the arranges they'll knock 200 bucks
off the regular price too and don't forget
Charlie also services and repairs all kinds of hair systems
while you wait usually make them look
a lot better two for only 25 or 30 bucks
call them full free and get your hair back
it looked like a bench look better and younger
than you ever thought you would again
call 183-124-13
183-21
2413
or log onto their website at CharlesAffieri.com
WIPE
WIPE
WIPE
WIPE
WIPE
WIPE
WIPE
WIPE
WIPE
WIPE
THE
YO
RIVAS
WIPE
WIPE
WIPE
WIPE
WO
WRIT
WIPE
WIPE
We have a yellow light
That explains
And the playing of what these lights do
What these lights do
It's very dense
With the set of low pens
And doodles go through
What do you want to do?
Every day and time
Day and one day
To build a new day
Have a yellow light
The set of nails
Something they can't define
That's why
We have a yellow light
A big light
And three times and days of years
Morning
We have a yellow light
We build a call
Something they can't define
That's why
We build a call
We have a yellow light
A big light
And three times and days of years
It's amazing, Lee
I guess after all of these years
The library that we got of stuff
I mean everything that happens in the world
Somebody far away
We got something for you
You know what I mean?
Right?
If a bird drops a little
Anything we got something to play for it
Which is excellent
If I do say so myself
The reason I dropped in
The call was because
This is a very good one for our pool
In my way
You can fax this stuff to Eric
Because I get really nervous when I see yesterday's pool
Still dragging on here
So let me write down
Let me see if I can get two pages so far
Well let's get the two pages on here
We can start with that
And then we'll add as we go
Okay
Okay Eric is that okay?
It better be
You know I was thinking also
Since you faxed
You faxed those stories to Carlos's email
Right?
I presume
Little peanut boy
Right
But there's facts receiving software
There's facts software
Where you can receive that
So in other words I could fax him stuff on Saturday
And Sunday mornings
And we could change this stuff on the weekend
Presumably
I don't know if he's got to be set up for it
And wait and for it or something like that
But I'm sure we can work that out
He better be set up
Point and for it or he's going to get it
You know I'm saying little peanut boy
Because I don't like having the same stuff over the weekend
There's just too much going on
And it's very easy for me to do that
I just I feel like we're just letting the world down
Now we're going to save the world on this show
But we're going to save the world
We got all the intellectuals that stop floating down there
Who are like glued to there as web to those bedtime stories
It's one thing we got sour pushes like Miguel
Who only want to hear about the bachelor written fiddle castro
I guarantee if I was reading bedtime stories about castro all day
He'd be glued to it
He'd have his head stuck into the radio
Here indeed
I'm waiting
A bed
Bedtime story is about Fidel and Doreen
What about Fidel on the bachelor?
Or Fidel is the bachelor
Fidel and Doreen on the bachelor red
Anyway in a club brown and O.J. Simpson
Boy that isn't one that desperately belongs on here
I'm a killer in the club
Yeah, you know it, you know it, you know something?
I am so pissed off about him walking around on a loose
And doing all of this crap
And costing the taxpayers the day to count the money
Because the cops are out to us out there every five minutes
I'm so sick and tired of that
I hope Bobby Blake gets off, you know what?
Because compared to O.J. Simpson, Bob Blake is an upstanding great American
You know what I'm saying?
He had a rough life
He was amused as a kid
He was treated like crap
I saw that thing last night
Bitch condom
Right
And I think she had a comment
I think you're right
I never, I up until this moment
Until I looked at that on the piece of paper
They're in a cool brown
Beautiful, lovely, blonde, very attractive
I never saw a great guy
O.J. Simpson, I'm not just disgusting the scumbag
Give me the ball, give me the ball, give me the ball
You know
You make me sick, O.J.
You make me want a barf, you make me nauseous
Even braw
Can't stand you anymore, how do you like that?
Are you sure about that?
I don't know
Claudia Schiffer and David Copperfield
Now that's got to be a joke
That's like Michael Jackson and Liz Taylor, isn't it?
Right
Are they married?
I think they are
Well, that's them, that?
Get that on there right away
It's on David Copperfield, good golly
Get at least one toe on the ground
What is it about here?
Sure, yeah
You don't want to put Enrique and Anna on there
But sure David Copperfield
Is David Copperfield attractive?
You tell me
No
She thinks so
But that's the point, he's gross
He's grotesque
Look, if I had to try to convince you that Enrique is pretty
Then there's no hope for you
Okay, having any understanding of what life is really all about
He is real pretty
He's got a real pretty mouth
He's got that little mole
He's got that little mole
I mean mole
Yeah
And there you go, what mode do you want?
I can't think for sh**
Well that's not that we're not
Oh Jesus, we're back to that again
Oh, that's a very hard ass little spick
Even Miguel would agree that Enrique is one fine looking little dude
If he wasn't taking phone calls right now, he might have gone
He would agree, believe me, even a macho guy like Miguel
is very concerned about his image
He would agree that Enrique looks just fine
When he gets off the phone
Now you'll see
So we'll get the new poll up there
We got those numbers coming to 1130 this morning with the trends
I don't know what they're going to be but put, there's no pressure on us
You wondering why?
Why is that?
We got a crappy leader and we got 9 to 1 which we don't want
And they keep lying to me through their teeth
Oh, well we're working on getting you back to 10 to 2
Because you're the centerpiece
You know, you guys are so full of crap
Whatever Robert Blake said on those tapes yesterday
And MSNBC
That's what you guys are full of
Okay, I can smell it all the way up here
They're working on it
Yeah, you're working on something all right
I think they're working on each other
Oh look at this, List, you just sent me
Boy, this is...
Oh, what is this?
This is your writing
Oh, sorry, that was supposed to be the Eric
Well, the buttons are right next to each other
Oh, man, you are a piece of work, but I'll tell you
Unbelievable, but at least it looks right
Actually, it gives me an updated list anyway, thank you
Yeah, that's what I was thinking
Terrible reading Carson Daily
Oh, he feels me to create anyone in Carson Daily
Can't stand him
Girl, talk about a guy that thinks his stuff don't stink, man
He has got to be the hottest piece of crap that ever came down to Pike
If you don't believe me, just ask him
Miguel says, girls, love him, but I know why
He on TV, that's it
Yeah, he be on TV
Now, what does Miguel think about Enrique?
Is he a good looking guy or what?
He's a good looking guy
That's all we didn't say to you like him
You have the hot forum or you're rubbing your body parts against him
That's all?
He's a good looking guy, he comes here with a sample
I love to be him, huh?
I love to be him
Yeah, he, ah!
And Miguel don't look too bad about Miguel
Would like to be Enrique
You know, what does that tell you?
He wishes that he had a rich daddy
Well, that's true
Yeah
No, I think what he's trying to say in his own way
And he was very, you know, it's how he could be
He's trying to say he wishes that he was gay
He ain't gay, he's got anna
Just keep digging him, digging he's got the gold shovel out this morning
Boys and girls, pretty soon to wind up in China
Keep digging deep enough
Man
You guys are in such a bad, you know, it is anna corner hole your crap
Believe you me, between Pavel Dorey and Sergei Federov
And who are the other ones that he supposedly was doing?
And it was a different one every three weeks, right away
Here's where you're wrong, we're not in denial
It's great that she's, whatever it is that she is
But she's not gonna do you and she's not gonna put any act on you
That's fine, at least she's not doing anyone
If she's not gonna put any act on you
I'm not gonna see her doing an Enrique, I'd like to see that
I have no problem with CNN
Watch the video
Yeah, right
It has to be in magnification, you have to have your magnification reading glasses from what Enrique tells me
Because he said he's hung like a butterfly
And I command the guy for having a balls to say that, you know what?
If there are any balls under there
It's like that bit we got about Gildi and the balls
The teeny tiny balls under that gigantic serpent
Anyway, what are we talking about?
We're just killing some time until those damn transcom
Okay
How about J. Lowe and Puffy?
That's a good one, I like that
Did you, okay
You put it on there, I don't see it, it's on the other page that you did that I didn't mistakenly faxed you
K. Hubsin and Chris Robinson
I know if you're wrong
They're both ugly, so I think they're a perfect match
I think it happens over here, right?
I know George doesn't like Sal Mahayak
He wants to describe her as a Mia's beener
Yeah, but I think she's how she and Ed Norton?
Ed Norton?
Yeah, oh my god
How about Norton from the Jackie Gleason show?
Same thing, Ed Norton
Mrs. Mohar, does the David and Moe
Okay, great, put it right there ahead
Don't be picking on Mrs. Moe, okay, for all we know she might be a nice lady
In fact, we should probably sympathize
1041 at 560 WDQA
Tom Lehman and Joe Prieto are a couple of nice guys
They're at Halal Pontiac GMC and they're mighty proud, they're pleased as punch
To announce three great Neil Rogers, Neil Deals
Now listen up right here, I'm gonna tell you what they're all about
You know those spots you've been playing the last few days
Well, I've been ahead no voice
Yeah, they sound like they were all recorded right after I had the stroke
Like I could barely speak
Yeah, that's because they were
Oh
Right now at Halal Pontiac, Neil Deal number one
Get 0% financing at all GMC
1500 series pickups that is absolutely correct, sir
0% at all 1500 series pickups
Neil Deal number two leads to GMC on-boy for just $299 a month plus tax for 48 months
Again, you heard right, only $299 bucks a month plus tax
And Neil Deal number three by a Pontiac 5 for just $199 a month
That's right, only $199 a month
I can't believe that Miguel said he'd want to be in Rique
In Halal also has got great deals on used cars, trucks, SUVs, and if credit is a problem for you
If a lot of data card dealers just laugh their ass off when you walk on the left
Have no fear because Halal will take your money, they'll make you deal
It's the great Neil Deal triple letter going on right now at Halal Pontiac
134-1 South Dixie Highway that's on US 1 across in the falls
Where they've been making people great deals for over 35 years open every day, seven days a week
For more info call the Neil Deal hotline tool free
1-885-344-211
That's 1-885-344-211
And don't forget all Neil deals has subject credit to Provell C dealer for details
Halal Pontiac GMC we be professional grade
You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know
You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know what I mean today, I mean, see that Paliton says today's a joke from me we miss it alone, gotta hurry up, let's put you aside.
The reason why I played with my dad was his moment at cry and they got together but I don't remember his words mistake.
I love it.
1046 at 560 WDK, I'm wondering about you guys.
You are very naive.
You believe anything, but that's okay.
Anything they dangle in front of you.
Yeah, you believe it.
What you're talking about?
I don't know.
Okay, the new poll is going up there any second, any moment.
In fact, maybe this is already, let me take a look.
Let me give you back on my halfway there.
We're working on it.
Okay, if you join the cement stream, number one, shame on.
You, because you missed some really great stuff.
I don't remember what it was, but I'm sure it was pretty good.
Couples who made you most say what the F is she doing with him or the other way around.
What the F is she doing with him or he'd be doing with her?
I think we got a pretty good list.
Well, that's right.
He's working on it.
I don't know who I'm going to vote for to be honest with you.
I still think Lyle, I love it and Julia Roberts.
Not that she's that, I mean, I like Julia Roberts even though she can be a pain in the ass,
but not that she's all that much of a knockup.
I mean, he's just, what is she looking at?
Okay, we do realize that it looks aren't everything, but, huh?
Maybe she sees another side of him.
Yeah, there must be something there that doesn't meet the eye, the underside of him.
Wow.
Here's Miami Beach, hello.
Oh, yes, sir.
Hey, great show is always.
Of course.
Hey, I have one for the poll.
I don't know.
This works kind of both ways.
Barbara's price and James Brolin.
Yeah.
What do you mean it works both ways?
Well, what is she doing with him and what is he doing with her?
Probably stuff we can't say on the air.
Most likely.
Hey, did you watch that show last night with Barbara Walters and our guy?
And Barrettta, yes.
I did see most of it.
Pretty sad.
The guy looks pretty scared.
He looks like, he looks pretty guilty to me.
Yeah, he does look guilty, but I think he is guilty.
But I still say if OJ can get off, let him off.
Don't you think?
Oh, absolutely.
Give him free.
This may even up the rest of us folks with OJ.
Okay, thank you very much.
See, we can take a poll on that one day.
Since OJ got off and a bunch of folks turned into a racial thing like, hey, there's one
for us.
Now how about one for us, the rest of us guys, okay?
The rest of us lighter, conflicted guys.
Can we have one?
No.
Just one.
Just Bobby Blake, never stole a freight train, huh?
Maybe he'll get a pardon.
And in fact, let's make a swap.
When he gets out, we'll invite him to come live at some trailer park in South Florida
and move OJ back to the West Coast.
What do you think?
All right.
I think it's a winner.
I'm going to cast my vote on here.
Is this thing actually up and operating?
Or is it like just like, only make believe?
Let me cast, since I'm going to want to come up with that, I'll know I take it back.
I change my mind.
Brittany Spears and Justin Tinkerberg.
I spelled James Carbell wrong, so it's up there wrong.
I was writing these down really quickly.
And I'm trying to click and try to vote.
So obviously he hasn't closed this out yet.
Let's get some votes on there, Eric.
Let's win it out.
Oh, my hope just went up.
Brittany Spears and Justin Tinkerbell.
I don't think there's anything even close.
You see what I'm saying?
Because Brittany is so much hotter than Julia Roberts that even though I love it, it's
more grotesque than Justin Tinkerbell.
The fact is that since he is about as close to perfection, he's hotter than heat.
Right.
And so he being a nasty, he'd be forpey little ith, whatever it is, a nether.
Justin and his Tinkerbell can't sing, he can't dance, he looks like crap, he's probably
don't have a penis, but our net is great.
I got some hair though.
But it made for some good tabloid trash anyway.
That's what they want.
Tabloid trash.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got two for you.
Okay.
Milk, Clinton, Monica Lewinsky.
And how about the dowho saying in his 15 wives?
Mm hmm.
Bob Hope's still alive, isn't he?
He's doing our morning show.
Fine.
Doesn't he have that golf tournament?
A lot of golf with checkered pants.
Yeah, I think that's probably where our morning guy has got his inspiration from Bob Hope.
Hey, go up those checkered pants.
No, I don't think so.
I think they're there.
You.
40 minutes away and counting until the big numbers, man, it could be disaster for us.
Middays could be really bad.
Oh, maybe the old dog will hold us up there, do you think?
No mad dog today.
That's the bad news.
And even worse news is we got the Marlins.
Oh, brother.
Nobody cares about the Marlins.
These are people.
It's a message that they refuse to understand.
And then I see him very jackass a few days ago.
Oh, well, WQM says this and they're upset about that.
And David Simpson's pissed off.
You know what?
Too freaking bad.
Okay.
Nobody cares.
You keep trying to force feed and force feed and force feed, trading away everybody that
anybody ever heard of before.
And like, oh, well, this is going to be the year we're going to get some people in there.
No, it's not.
No, it is not.
This is not the year you're going to get any people in there.
You're beating a dead horse.
This horse has been dead longer than the one in the Godfather that had his head in the
bed.
This horse has been dead longer than that.
Cartoon.
Cartoon.
I'm not going to raise him though.
It's a joke.
Marlins and the Orioles at 1250 this afternoon, the Humper in the studio.
Now, you can better.
It's going to be your assignment to find out if he's doing all right.
And if you want to see Dr. Hamft, he won't do it because he's just, we know the answer
to that.
I tried.
Did I at least not try?
She's great.
She's the best.
And just because I got a cold here is no reason to be able to go.
You're sick all the time.
Got nothing to do with that.
The fact that it might be 40 below zero half the time all the way up to minus four today.
And like zero next couple of days.
You can't find that zero thing, by the way.
One of the scale.
See, I'm thinking, I know this is very revolutionary.
And since I can't talk to anybody during the, because they'll hear it on the air since
this is such a technical disaster, I'm thinking that maybe because I spring for the cash,
how big of a deal is it to get audio on my computer?
Not.
But then it would be a big deal to have it run it through the board.
We'd have to get the engineers up here to do that.
I'm sure you have.
Well, yeah.
Huh?
Yes, but it's not.
But what I'm saying is then I can, in my spare time, because I got every disk that we've
ever had and copies of everything here.
And I could really make this DCS.
We could, the show could be 50 times more entertaining as far as the stuff, because as
opposed to like, I was just looking for that zero bit, which I love.
Can't find it.
What are the chances I'm going to find that today?
None.
While Enrique is so hot today, even when Gills, don't you see what I'm saying?
Right.
I could be dubbing all those things off.
I don't know.
I'm like, the name of it.
Zero.
Oh, that's the name of the bit.
It's an ACN bit.
I know exactly, you know, if I had the disk, I know exactly where they're all here.
And where to stick it.
Oh, maybe you'll find it.
Maybe.
I'll look.
And then again, maybe not.
I'm just thinking out loud, okay?
Just so like if we had the real technology that we would need to be like almost a real
radio station, although we are on 24 seven.
I know the audience is very impressed with that.
Continuous remote.
What is it?
What was it called?
Disaster.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
I got one.
Courtney Love and Coco Bane.
Coco Bane?
Yeah.
Okay.
Thanks.
All right.
What was it?
Courtney Love and One.
Coco Bane.
Oh, Coco Bane.
Oh, yeah.
I'll decide how to mine.
How's it going, Kurt?
I couldn't understand what he was saying as mumbling.
Well, what do you say to that?
You got zero?
Oh, I love it.
We'll play that again around the next break.
Oh, sorry.
I love that.
You got that down, Courtney Love and Coco Bane.
I got it down.
Good.
Excellent.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Now, are these votes going up?
I guess I'm going to try it again.
What?
What's the effort she doing with him or the other way around?
And what am I voting on voting for Britney Spears and Justin Tinkerbell?
And this business, I had a couple of faxes there.
Oh, yeah.
All the gay guys think Justin Tinkerbell is real hot.
All the gay guys who have bad eyesight.
Maybe if Stevie Wonder was gay, he'd think that Justin Tinkerbell was really hot.
Huh?
He looks like I've stepped in stuff that looks better for him in addition to which.
He can't think for sh**.
Yeah, but other than that, he's great.
I don't believe for one second, she ever touched any part of him.
I don't think he ever even shook hands.
They never even shook it.
Just like that whole business would make a lot of shit and your friend Jessica Simpson.
Although at least she looks okay.
Not great, but okay.
Although you were hyperventilating there for a little while and I kind of like wore off.
I was.
What's the aroma kind of faded away or what?
Yeah, you were pretty, you were pretty, she looks a lot better in person and she was very nice.
You know what, sitting in a room there with you?
She does look a lot better in person without all the processing.
She looked like a normal human being.
Right.
Did she flash a little nipple or something there?
No, her dad was here.
Her dad was there hovering over me with a knife.
That's like the time Donnie Osmond was on and his wife was standing in the control room.
Were you working then?
No.
Oh, brother.
She was giving me the evil eye during the whole, he was on I think it can be.
He was on me and she was giving me evil eye.
She was nervous man.
She was a nervous bitch.
He kept reaching his hand inside it like his vest under his jacket there.
Like that scene from the Godfather with Enzo.
Oh, the father?
Yeah.
You want to make an offer you couldn't refuse.
Jessica Simpson, she's taken already okay?
1056 at 560 we got another half hour and then those trends are going to be coming out.
Who's going to be running the trends now that we got Miguel sitting in the other room there?
Somebody.
Maybe Clarence?
Maybe.
Give me something to do anyway.
Well, he's a real student of those numbers now man.
He's got numbers and he's in there with a computer going.
He's like a real little wizard in there.
Meet our own Mr. Wizard.
Clarence Deere.
Orts.
Yeah, that's him.
You know for a coon stage I've been telling you about the health benefits of Oliomet which I'm popping every day now.
Look how fast my clothes are going away by the way.
Mm-hmm.
It is.
And I keep telling you about Oliomet because the stuff really works.
Oliomet soft yells contain pharmaceutical grade olive oil, not ordinary pedestrian olive oil,
but super concentrated and loaded with health benefits for you.
Oliomet every day can produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol.
Plus there are 14 different Oliomet formulas for you to choose from.
Each one combines pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins, minerals and herbals to support specific health needs
from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system.
Just pick out the formulas that are right for you.
And now there are three new Oliomet formulas.
I just want to help you sleep, want to help you control your weight and cook you 10 for your heart,
which is damn important stuff.
You'll find Oliomet at public's Eckerds Walgreens Whole Food Markets, Navarro Sadanos,
order it online if you like it, oliometamerica.com.
If you'd like to find out more about their products and what they can do for you and which ones you ought to be popping, call Tool 3,
1-866 Oliomet.
That's 1-866-6536333.
Get your Oliomet and start popping it in your purse today.
My life and local career sports video 560, you ain't you am.
Don't have a penis.
Yeah, oh I'm sorry.
And where's my Enrique?
I totally forgot it.
I know we good.
I did.
See I would have talked to him in the Tom Factor.
I can't hear that.
In my pants, something is shrinking.
I'm so cold I can't let's sing.
That's because it's zero baby.
And I cannot feel my thoughts.
There's a tingling in my fingers.
And my pride with parts of clothes.
Oh, my nose is about to fall off.
There's a cloud every time that I call.
And my hands are blue.
They are turning numb.
They might ampute it, my thoughts.
That's because it's zero baby.
I can barely move my mouth.
I'm a red-hot black tin lover.
But first I need to be told out.
Yes I need to be told out.
Okay.
That's because it's zero.
I saw you.
I love that.
Great.
Great minds work.
I did not want to agree with you.
I went up and down the list.
The couple who made you and pulled us up.
People are discovering it's up.
What the F is she doing with him?
Britney Spears and Justin Tinkerbells got two votes.
I'm not even going to give them.
Just one honor.
Here's the good news.
The moment it was on CNN, the instant it was on.
Even though we're out of touch with what's going on everywhere.
You asshole, you silly goose.
27 minutes to those trends.
The US terror threat level will be lowered today from orange or high to yellow or elevated government sources.
Tell CNNs certainly not news network.
A senior administration officials had the decision to be announced today by Attorney General John Ascroft and Homeland Security Director Tom Rigid.
The level was raised from yellow or raised yellow to orange on February 7.
The decision was sealed at a White House meeting this morning.
Senior officials said going back to yellow is based on the consensus that while there are still worrisome signs,
things are not as loud and as detailed as we were hearing when the government decided to raise the threat level to elevate it.
Not as much chatter.
Got it?
And an honor of that.
Yeah.
Miguel is wearing a yellow shirt.
Let's hear it.
Okay.
Wearing yellow shirt pretending to be Enrique.
Anybody wants to meet the real Enrique? Just go to QAM.
Go to the control room.
And there he is.
In disguise is Miguel.
Which of Miguel thinks better?
I'll see him at the Marlins game.
Okay, let's get started.
560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
You going to be at the Marlins game?
Yeah.
Why?
Working.
I got to work.
Doing what?
I got to go register people to go win some more Marlins tickets.
Oh my God, are you kidding me?
Of course.
Wow.
This is your comedy station for the new millennium, man.
You've got in the back, right?
You've got in the back, right?
Oh.
I'm getting choked up about that.
That's a hoot.
Don't forget we got that Marlins game, Marlins and the Orioles big exhibition game.
Get out there to this, where is that being played?
For Lauderdale.
Oh, and Fort Lauderdale.
God forbid this.
Your plan is to be a exhibition game like in real stadium.
So they're planning for Lauderdale to get out there to that stadium.
Now, it wasn't that Yankee Stadium?
No.
It's not?
No.
Yankee's having played during a long time.
Well, what is the stadium where they play?
Lockhart Stadium?
They're playing right next to Lockhart.
It's for Lauderdale Stadium.
It's a new stadium?
No, it's old.
Well, didn't it used to be called Yankee Stadium?
When the Yankees used to train there?
I thought it was called Yankee Stadium.
You better get with it, Mr. U.
Because you sure don't know your baseball.
You better talk to Joe Castella.
He'll straighten your ass out.
Mr. Yankee is in the record.
I hope the Yankees lose every goddamn game they play.
Okay?
This season, next season, a week from circus, I hope they lose every game.
By the way, did we find out when the program was?
No.
Isn't it in March?
Every time I ask him, he says the same response.
That's not it.
I would have known.
I would have known.
There it is.
I'm looking at it, Miguel.
The 18th, March 18th, like I said.
I told you.
I'll look at the book.
Here's the airfield.
Hello.
Hey, I thought you guys had gotten rid of those preseason exhibition games off the Internet.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I am not sure.
I am not sure.
I was not sure.
I did not know about this.
He is absolutely nothing.
him you PisspedE
I reached my head up to shake hands and he just sat there. It was 25 years ago
25 years ago 70 years the day he left to go to mutual radio
And when that was the beginning of where he is today all based on suction man
Just sucked his way to the top
Last night he's got Bill Maura on there and he's sucking and sucking and and Maura same things that aren't even remotely funny
And he's laughing and tortling and puking his guts out. They just have an nervous breakdown
Like he was actually seeing something humerus. Is that a new show I saw him on yesterday?
Real time
Yeah, nice to be oh yeah
St. P's a crap exactly and then in the book that he wrote to prove if you don't believe me those of you who are Bill
Maura Apologist this book about if you ride alone you're riding with Sodom
About in other words if you don't carpool
It's it's like the area on a huffington thing you know if you're wasting gas you're helping out Sodom
We're not buying any gas what kind of crap is that what kind of garbage is that man? It's just stupid
It's stupid
And the people used to watch that show politically and correct our people to understand anything about politics in the first place
That's why they thought it was so wonderful all ten of them
And they're all from I'm on the wrong line shame on me. I think I am West Palmer. Are you still there?
Hello, yes, yeah here do you have um
Sammy Davis Jr. In my Brit. Oh, that's a great one and before my there was um
Kim Novak
And Sammy Davis Jr. Yeah, oh my god. He must have another one with something that didn't meet the eye so to speak
Okay, thanks my Brit M.A.E. That is by Westway before your time M.A.E. M.A.E. B.R.I. T.T. She was hot. You were what?
My my my
Sammy Davis Jr. like I said he must have been a hunger like a moaser something and maybe just because they like the money
Kim Novak five feet tall or something. Yeah, he was about two feet tall. He can put him in his pocket in your pocket
And then if you needed like an extra eye you can always bang him on the side of the head and would pop right out
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 T. Infraurizing line the pressure is building for those trends are coming out now ordinarily
The trends are at that important but but today
no
Today's an exception, don't you think?
Why?
I don't know, I just thought it because it make it more dramatic, probably isn't an exception,
but I thought I'd just give it a little bit of a build up and make it more exciting that
way.
You know, plus you never know, maybe we'll have more people in the morning, maybe we'll
have less people in the morning.
I don't know how that's possible.
Maybe in our slot there in midday, maybe we'll have a precipitous drive.
I don't really give a crap to be honest with it.
It's nice to get that bonus money, but if not, hey, you're the guys that screwed around
with this show, it's all I can tell you.
You found out what I'm saying?
No, what are you saying?
We've got an out.
We have an out and it's very legitimate one, too.
The other ones have decided to dittle with their, what do you do?
The cash cow.
That's what they call me, the cash cow.
They dittle with the cash cow and they're milking it for all they can get and they screw
this up.
We'll see.
We'll see what the numbers could be anything.
Could be anything from like a big improvement from the fall book to a disaster or who knows?
Anything in between.
I don't want to get those people in programming nervous or anything like that because you
know Duff when he gets nervous, he starts to cry a lot.
The couple of most made you say what the FR are you doing with him?
Carmen Lector and Dennis Rodman, 14, excellent choice.
Lisa Marie and Michael Jackson, 13, and we know the answer was not much.
Julia Roberts and Lyle, I love it, 13.
Catherine Zedet Jones and Michael Lugvers, 8.
Nicole Brown and O.J. Simpson, 7.
Courtney Scottson, David Arquette Four, Angelina Jolie and Billy Bob Thurton Four and
Arista and Britney Spears and Justin take about only have three which two of them are our
votes.
Shame on you people.
Shame on you.
Maybe they think he's cute.
Oh my God.
Bye, bye, bye.
Exactly.
I want to put my money on for you.
If he's cute then I just had a real cute ball movement this morning.
I'll tell you.
It looks just like him.
11, 13, and 5, 60 W to Q.A.
I'll tell you a place where you're going to be excited as Pompadot Park.
We are live racing for you Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday and coming
up next Monday, mark this day in the counter.
It's only a few days off now.
Coming up Monday, March 3rd.
It's the next free spaghetti dinner night at Pompadot Park.
This has become a real favorite there in Pompadot Beach, all the old Yenthas and they're
not the only ones invited by the way.
Everybody else is invited.
All you have to do is buy a Pompadot Park program this Monday, March 3rd and you get
yourself a coupon for a free spaghetti dinner on the fourth floor players lounge.
Dinner includes rolls and butter, salad, a heaping plate of pasta, marinara sauce, you
can't beat it with a stick or even with a whip.
So be sure to be there Monday night for your free spaghetti dinner.
Pass the board in the condo is okay.
Let everybody know Pompadot Park is the place to be this coming Monday night, March 3rd.
And it's always the place to be.
For example, coming up tomorrow night Friday, March 7th.
Pompadot Park presents the only horse racing fireworks stunt show.
It's outside in the entire world as a straight-in Vince Sylvestero, the power technique
Wonder From Down Under.
This is amazing hot-to-treat fireworks stunt show.
Watch as this crazy Aussie stands on the shaft of his race bike holds the reins in his teeth
and while his superhorse hand me silver races around the track, Vince shoots out more than
2,000 rounds of fireworks.
It's a show you must see to believe.
It's almost as exciting as when Tom Wynn jumped over the rail at Northfield, Northfield
Downs.
Pompadot Park offering free general parking, free admission every afternoon evening and
of course like I said, post-time 7.15 p.m. every Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday and
Saturday.
What is it today?
Like tonight at Pompadot Harnas.
My life and love.
This is 420560.
You weigh 2 a.m.
You asshole.
We're so sorry.
Dan is Rodman.
We don't stock and roll the titties if you can green.
We're so sorry.
Dan is Rodman.
But the path is Tom with sevens, two secure, you're the thing.
He said you're very pretty but you're dressing too petite.
He asked if you were fine wearing something underneath, but your way to tall.
Way to tall.
Every time he jumps, you can see his basketball.
And you look retarded.
Retarded.
We're seven.
We're tall guys.
And you look retarded.
We're seven.
We're tall guys.
You better grab it, my kids.
You fit the floor around.
You're a little bit more round.
You're a little bit more round.
You're a little bit more round.
You're a little bit more round.
You're a little bit more round.
So this Rodman might just look at the tickle now.
You're a little bit more round.
And you don't have to cut so fast.
You didn't let go when you were down.
The way way way way way way.
You're a little bit more round.
You're a little bit more round.
Man, you look retarded.
We taught it for seven puts on fire.
And you took three times, we taught it for seven puts on fire.
Here it is.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
12 plus followed by hot.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
12 plus followed by hot.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
12 plus followed by hot.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number one in the morning with a 6.3 overall.
Radio Mombi is number four or four two to a four nine.
Radio Mombi is number four or four two to a four nine.
Radio Mombi is number four or four two to a four nine.
Radio Mombi is number four or four two to a four nine.
Radio Mombi is number four or four two to a four nine.
Radio Mombi is number four or four two to a four nine.
Radio Mombi is number four or four two to a four nine.
Radio Mombi is number four or four two to a four nine.
Radio Mombi is number four or four two to a four nine.
Radio Mombi is number four or four two to a four nine.
Radio Mombi is number four or four two to a four nine.
Radio Mombi is number four or four two to a four nine.
Radio Mombi is number four or four two to a four nine.
Radio Mombi is number four or four two to a four nine.
Radio Mombi is number four or four two to a four nine.
Oh boy.
W-A-Q-I.
Well, see again, this is an ethnic thing and a political thing.
Radio Mombi is number four or four point eight.
Because they're in the office.
They don't talk about it.
What?
They're all right wing political to for what it's worth.
So in other words, all the right wingers, both Hispanic and Anglo, got the diaries in January.
And so A-Q-I, Radio Mombi is number one.
We're back to this scrap again.
We haven't seen this back since the Meriel Boliv, right?
I-O-D from a 5.8 and number three in the book to 6.1 and number two in this trend.
W-A-Q-I, which is 6.5 out of a 5.9 in men.
No November, December, January.
But of course, keeping in mind that that includes that December, that Vogue is three points up then in there.
Right.
Which we'll drop off.
I'm not making excuses, but I'm just telling you that will vanish.
Not good, George.
Not good.
And of course, the Humper will obviously go up.
Oh, it's in the middle of the book.
I've got your pardon?
I didn't look at it.
Keep in mind the five nine is from 10 to three.
So between nine and one, we probably-
Oh, the Humper will begin to imagine how we got a walloped, okay?
We're going to get a walloped because you keep ripping a bush, Mike.
Do you know what?
Two freaking bad.
Two freaking bad.
Ain't going to be anybody on this show that's going to start pandering for political purposes
because the right wingers are punishing us like they've climbed their clothing
about he punished us in December.
Well, guess what?
Somebody punished us again in January.
You know what?
Too bad.
After all of these years, like I'm going to worry about, you know, who the hell is what we have to prove to anybody?
Many team plus in the afternoon, power number one, that speaks for itself.
W-I-O-D-4-4 to a five point.
Oh!
Oh, look at that, the Schmidtmeister.
See, again, tied with a Humper who went from a four six to a five point.
Oh!
Tie for a second.
Nice going, Hank.
But still tied with a Schmidtman.
So if you're right wing, you can do your thing and everybody else.
And they're talking about a liberal freaking radio network.
Oh my God, you've got to be kidding me, man.
Or as they say at I-O-D, you've got to be Schmidt and me.
That's the name of that game.
Liberal talk show hosts in the tank down the drain with Reno.
Or as they just, you know, our audience just won't play the game the way the right wingers do.
They won't do it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
How are you?
I got a couple here.
Tommy Motola and Talia.
Got it.
You got that one?
How about Heidi Klum and whatever her husband's name is?
Heidi Klum and whatever her husband's name is George.
Okay, thank you so much.
I think he just dropped his phone and it was five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon.
What are you going to be faxing me now?
I hear the fax machine is still puking and puking.
There really isn't any need for anything else.
Oh, you don't want the persons 25,000.
Oh, I guess, I guess if you know the humor you.
Oh, stop right now.
No, if you got the persons, let me go pull the plug.
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless.
I got a lot of votes on the poll already.
The couple who made you most say what the F is she doing with him.
Carmen Electro and Dennis Robin and by the way, before you have the poll results.
You know, that woman that called again yesterday and she certainly do know which one I'm talking about.
Yes, I do.
Who would like us to sacrifice the entire program to satisfy her and turn this into a WFL.
You know, if we continue going in that direction pretty soon, this will be light bulb junior.
We'll have the same kind of numbers that you still have on the light bulb.
We'll be doing fractions.
There's no audience for it, honey.
Hate to break the news to you, lady.
No audience.
Nobody wants to hear that crap.
Anyway, getting back to this, Carmen Electro and Dennis Robin, 40 votes.
Lisa Marie and Michael Jackson, 35.
Julia Roberts and Lyle, I love it.
34. Catherine Zedid, Joan, and Michael Douglas, 16.
Everybody else in single digits.
Including Brittany and Justin Tinkerbell with the lane 9.
Shable.
I guess these people just don't get it.
They just don't understand.
Maybe they just don't as crazy about Brittany as some other people might be.
You think?
Who are you talking about?
I'm looking at these.
I know.
Thank you.
Seven.
Oh, I got pages just all over the place.
Just too much.
I'm just overwhelmed with pages of crap, with factions, with stuff here.
Yeah.
That was that.
Fightpipes.
5670560, pound 560 on the 18th.
We're less than an hour away from Marlon's baseball.
That's it.
Goose is back up there again.
Let's just put some ball games on here in midday.
That sounds good to me.
We'll work a couple of hours every day, maybe an hour and a half.
Then we'll put some Marlon games on.
We'll place them, take some old Marlon games.
That's you do it.
What do you think?
Let's go.
Here's a call from Jupiter.
Hello.
All in the oil.
Yes, sir.
How's the weather today?
Have you heard?
How's your weather today?
It's a sunny and murky.
It's going to be about 26.
Not too bad.
That's good.
She's dead, but you bought a dead people earlier.
How about the oil?
Die and a turtle.
I know you don't like her, but...
Compared to him, she was pretty much a monocle.
There you go.
Princess Diana and Prince Charles.
And did anybody say Mori and Connie?
Mori and Connie.
Oh, Mori, yeah, but who's the howling and that compare?
Mori, Puppock and Connie, Chink.
Yes.
I think it's a good match.
Okay, have a great day, sir.
See, they don't get it.
They don't understand it.
No.
What is she doing with him, either present or past?
In other words, what is somebody as beautiful as her,
which I don't think Connie Chunk is beautiful,
doing with a guy who looks like that?
You know what I'm saying?
Who looks like that?
You don't cut a figure and talk to a man like Mo Green like that.
We are sports radio five-sefeet UAM.
You
