I'm Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rodg
Slive in concert
Slive in concert is a little more
Re-buckets are now overdrive
El Gore and BGO
You ain't seen nothing yet
You ain't seen nothing yet
El Gore and Buck returner overdrive
With back up singer Larry King
You ain't seen nothing yet
It's gone for good shit
It's no I'd say to you tonight
And hear me well
You ain't seen nothing yet
Thank you very much
Thank you very much, I
I'm really proud and happy to be here
I'm with you
It's great to be back in Harlem
We shot basketball together one of the last times I was here
Howard Dean and I are traveling from here to Iowa
And I'm going to make a more extensive speech at Cedar Rapids
A little bit later today but
I said when I announced last year that I was not going to be a candidate for president myself
That I would endorse one of the candidates who is running
And I had no idea at that time which candidate that that would be
But I have watched this campaign
And I have listened to all of the candidates
I think it's a great field
There are a lot of great Democratic candidates out there
But what I'm about to say
Don't come as a secret or as a surprise to anybody within the sound of my voice
And that is that Howard Dean really is the only candidate who has been able to inspire at the grassroots level
All over this country the kind of passion and enthusiasm for democracy
And change and transformation of America that we need in this country
We need to remake the Democratic Party
We need to remake America
We need to take it back on behalf of the people of this country
So I'm very proud and honored to endorse Howard Dean to be the next president of the United States of America
Oh, right
Democracy is a team sport
And I want to do everything I can to convince the anybody that is interested in my judgment about who among these candidates have been
And as the best chance to win and the best chance to lead our country in the right direction
I want to do everything I can to convince you to get behind Howard Dean
And let's make this a successful campaign as a group
It is about all of us
And all of us need to get behind the strongest candidate
Now I respect the prerogative of the voters and the caucuses and in the primaries
And I'm just one person but I'm offering my judgment
And I'm also going to say one other thing here
Years ago former president Ronald Reagan said in the Republican Party that there ought to be an 11th commandment
No, no, ill of another Republican well now we're Democrats and we may not find that kind of commandment as accessible
But to the extent that we can recognize the stakes in America today
I would urge all of the other candidates and campaigns to keep their eyes on the prize
This nation cannot afford to have for more years of a bush chaining administration
We can afford to be divided among ourselves to the point that we lose sight of how important it is for America
What is going on in this bush white house today is bad for our country
And it's slowly beginning to sink in to more and more people out there
And we don't have the luxury of fighting among ourselves to the point where we seriously damage our ability to win on behalf of the American people this time around
Now one other thing I've spent a long time thinking about national security and national defense
And I've heard a lot of folks who in my opinion made a judgment about the Iraq war that was just plain wrong
Saying that Howard Dean's decision to oppose the Iraq war calls his judgment on foreign policy and the question will excuse me
He was the only major candidate who made the correct judgment about the Iraq war
And he had the insight and the courage to say and do the right thing
And that's important because those judgments that basic common sense is what you want in a present
Our country has been weakened in our ability to fight the war against terror because of the catastrophic mistake that the Bush administration made in taking us into war in Iraq
It was Osama bin Laden that attacked us, not Saddam Hussein. Saddam Hussein is a bad guy and he's better off not in power or all better off
But it was a mistake to get us into a quagmire over there. So don't tell me that because Howard Dean was the only major candidate who was right about that war that that somehow calls his judgment into question on foreign policy
So whether it is inspiring enthusiasm at the grassroots and promising to remake the Democratic Party as a force for justice and progress and good in America
Whether it is a domestic agenda that gets our nation back on track or whether it is protecting us against terrorists and strengthening our nation in the world
I have come to the conclusion that in a field of great candidates, one candidate clearly now stands out
And so I'm asking all of you to join in this grassroots movement to elect Howard Dean President of the United States. Thank you.
You go, boy, and there you go. Where was that algo four years ago?
He made two great speeches since then and you wonder where was why didn't he speak like that four years ago?
Although I like the way Dean introduced him, he said is the elected president of the United States, which is correct.
That's correct. Yes it is.
And these fascists stole it right in broad daylight, right in front of your eyes right there in Florida. And when I say right in front of your eyes, I'm thinking of that one big eye, you know, the judge that was holding it ballad up with it hanging Chad and Palm Beach.
Google I Google eyes. Yeah, in fact you do a Google search and I'm Google wise.
So I'll go endorses Howard Dean and we're pretty pleased about that. We're pleased this punch on this show about that because Howard Dean the man.
I just hope hey Howard, don't be another Michael do caucus, please.
Oh God.
Now there I got to admit as much as I like Howard Dean, I think he's terrific, but I sometimes he has looks on his face that just I don't know.
You know what I'm saying?
But you'd have to try to be a do caucus though.
Would you? Yeah. Really?
A couple inches. He's kind of a shotgun anyway.
You'd have to get a slack jaw because well there was one thing about do caucus that bothered everybody right off the bat.
Oh, he's a little guy kind of funny looking.
Yeah.
He went up to your kneecap.
Anyway, Terry Lester died thanks to one of our chronic factors for faxumission. I have no idea who that is.
After best known for his rules and soap operas, the young and a restless the young and a horny.
He was the original Jack Abbott, not this crime Jack that's on there now.
Santa Barbara is Mason cap well and as the world turns as your warm turns rice color appeared in prime time TV shows like star drag Voyager, Jag, Fag, Dallas and diagnosis murder died last week in December 1st at age 53.
Okay. Okay.
Because of the TV a.
Let's see how that pull come out yesterday not too many real religionists in this crowd of bars. Thank the Lord for that.
No, go. Excellent. Please just punch to see that too.
A lot of punching going on 1146 votes. How often do you attend religious services? Never.
649 56.6%. Oh, right. You go boys and girls.
Rarely 300 and 826.8%. You add those numbers together. You got 83.4%.
Rarely or never go to a shoulder to church to the mosque.
They might wear a mosque every now and then like to the mosque ball got a gas mosque.
Only on major holidays 90 7.8%. You add that if we're well over 90% and that leads fairly often 55 4.7%.
Probably through a lot of heavy pressure and brainwashing from their families and very often religiously 44 3.8%.
Almost definitely as a result of the above mentioned.
So that's you take the last two fairly often very often religiously you got 8.5%.
Which means 91.5% of people at all are like just about maybe once in a blue moon.
Speaking of blue moon. How's the Marcel's doing?
A big day today. Let me give you a hint.
Yep. Right. 60th birthday. Oh, and yes, who else is birthday? Let's do for both.
Okay. Okay. Big birthday today for Shelley Bloom.
And for Jim Morrison. The difference being Shelley still alive.
Jim Morrison would be 60 today. We got that story a little later on.
Rayman Zerick who's a real asshole was talking about it. You see him on there? Yeah. Yeah.
That's really quick. The pseudo intellectual Rayman Zerick. Well, you know, oh, I wish we still had that tape. You know, right?
I'm glad we don't because we play it. Just the sound of Rayman Zerick's voice. I mean a real sued.
In fact, if you look up pseudo intellectual dictionary Rayman Zerick's picture. There's no wonder Jim Morrison killed him.
So most people don't realize that he often he just write himself today.
Kind of like Ozzy Ozzy had a little bit of a problem. We got all kinds of heavy duty stuff today.
Here's the first pool and we'll take some suggestions along the way. We've done these recently, but it is the holidays.
And you know, if you expect me to come now, what are all those calls on there?
I will. Come in your Q.A.M.
I'll take some suggestions. One on me. Yes, sir.
Hi, your family.
That was good. Yeah. That was excellent. Was it?
Loved it. That sounded almost. Wait a minute. Listen. That was so close to the original.
Hi, your family.
No, he must have been playing off a tape. You think he could have done that good of a job?
Sure. No.
There's hell and out there.
Hi, how are you?
That was the anxious fat boy. I'm almost sure.
Anyway, we'll get to a lot more great calls like that momentarily.
And first pool today in what city in the world you find the best looking people?
Prague Miami Toronto Boston or any other cities you want to add on there?
Those are the ones I have my short list.
Any arguments with any of those?
Well, I put Miami on there just because some people who never left college say that.
Just because. Yeah. 1013 at 560 WQ.
After years of failed attempted mergers with cable news channels.
Disney owned ABC has decided to launch their own 24 hour news channel.
Here's what it may sound like.
Good evening.
This is Emma's reporting from Orlando.
A cup story this evening.
Nine people were injured when they fell off the.
And it can be something else.
In other news, 4,000 people experienced explosive delivery on vomiting while disembarking the.
And then they were injured.
And then they were injured.
And then they were injured.
And then they were injured.
And then they were injured.
And then they were injured.
And then they were injured.
And then they were injured.
And then they were injured.
And then they were injured.
And then they were injured.
The dog is going on.
I can't understand a word.
He said, anyway, you want more weather balls?
Go ahead, hurry up.
There's a storm coming in Orlando.
It looks like the weekend and shock.
The weekend and shock.
That's what I said.
Well, I'm more than who's after this.
All right.
Oh, man. Took a long time for him to come up with another one of those.
But it was worth waiting for.
Wouldn't that beautiful?
I love it. Love it.
The weekend and shock.
10, 19, 5, 60 WQM.
Okay, let's get some more cities for this list where you'll find the best looking people in the world.
And of course, a lot of you that never been more than 10 blocks from sweet water.
What do you even know?
We should have probably put sweet water on there.
Probably get a whole bunch of votes.
But we won't.
I just told Eric to add Spokane.
Spokane?
Washington.
Never been in Spokane.
Never been in the Great Northwest.
Beautiful, clean city, beautiful park in the middle of it and hot babes everywhere.
We should also probably put Cologne, Germany on there.
But nobody in this crowd has ever been there.
Wow.
Woo!
Man.
That'll just make you just a week at the knees when you see them people in Cologne, Germany.
You'll be running around going like that over here.
Wow.
Can that be felt?
Cologne, Germany.
C-O-L-O-G-N-E.
You got it?
Actually, they spelled it.
K-O-L-N.
But we're not going to do no choimin.
We have plenty enough time for that.
C-O-L-O-G-N-E.
Got it?
That's your way you spell it.
Cologne, Germany.
Got it.
Anyway, let's say.
And of course, the bearer, I told you the bear factory is right outside the city.
Oh, it's a beautiful thing.
They have this.
You will enjoy popping a couple of them every day.
W-Q-I-M.
Put the toy.
Who made you wear a board test and from that theater?
W-Q-I-M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Hey, you know, I just heard you're talking about religion.
I got to pay something really quick.
You know, I have a very close family.
I'm not a very religious person at all.
But my, well, certain members of my family have become very, very close.
And it's amazing what religion will do to a family that was close.
But we're still very close.
But the arguments that happen are incredible.
Oh!
I try to stay away from these conversations.
And I can't get out of them every time I talk with them.
Religion breeds hate.
Relive the retake.
Oh, yeah.
It's the topic of the conversation.
Because you're not asking.
You must believe whoever you're talking to.
You must believe they're for retails.
Otherwise, you just, you're not going to get saved.
And I mean, I listen to a lot of things you say.
And I know you jerk around a lot.
But I mean, a lot of them are so true.
And I bring it up.
And I get, I mean, you can't imagine what happens to me when I do, when I say the thing that you say.
But I truly believe it.
I don't know what to believe in.
You know, that's my attitude.
I don't know what to believe in.
But I'm not going to say, I mean, you don't know what to believe in.
Why do you have to believe in anything?
That's what that's true.
But I mean, the way they are about it, I mean, they're so, I mean, they don't sit me down.
And talk to me for like a half an hour to an hour.
And I just don't, I mean, they started talking about Noah's Ark the other day.
And I'm sorry.
I just, I, I, I, I, I, I...
Listen, let me adopt anybody over the age of eight who would believe with those fairy tales.
Noah's Ark and all the animals, two of all the animals.
I mean, believe a story like that has to be some kind of a moron.
They need psychiatric help.
They're, they're a simple dance.
God came down and told Noah.
Noah, forget about that.
He wasn't happy.
He wasn't happy.
He was just again at craft and capture all of the animals.
Forget about that.
But plus he was a drunk to top it all off.
But, but just keep in mind that here is a guy who, God, rather, who killed everything else.
In other words, everything else that couldn't get on the ark, they all died.
Even the animals.
I mean, all we needed was a male and a female and all the other species, which sounds pretty species to me.
And that was it.
Everything all the other animals died because I guess they were evil too.
Or maybe just God didn't really give a crap about him.
Well, it's not like God likes what Noah was drinking.
So I'll have what he was having.
Evidently.
Tell him to get lost, man.
Tell him that they're full of.
And have a great day.
Thanks.
DNA, stew no harm.
That's all.
All these idiots, these peddlers of bull crap.
And because they want to control your mind.
They want to control everything you do.
Oh, the Bible says this.
And by the way, one dead 14 injured net to the theater of town theater the other day.
That asshole was talking about.
Yeah.
I wasn't in there too bad.
You lose.
I'm still here.
And I'll be here for a long time.
Three more excruciating years every day, except for those 30 weeks.
This vacation I get every year.
How many?
About 30, man.
That's right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Miami 16 votes for the most beautiful people in the world.
Ha, ha, ha.
Right.
They must be talking about cemetery village.
Maybe they're into old folks.
WQAM.
Hey, we talked to Neil, please.
Speaking.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes.
We are at the department of medical drug.
Oh, God.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, I'm coming.
How are you doing?
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Hey, I'd like to add Salt Lake City to you.
Salt Lake City, Utah.
I bet it's real pristine and pretty.
The women are just the most beautiful women you've ever seen.
And you can take probably 20 or 30 of them and make them your wife.
No, they're gorgeous.
Absolutely gorgeous.
Unfortunately, I probably won't get too many votes because not so many people have been there.
You have to be a moron.
More men to believe that.
Fantastic place.
Okay, thanks, Pally.
Okay.
I'm not marking that on my list of places to see and do, though.
Salt Lake City, Utah.
Weeks.
Have you been there?
Yes, I have.
Or in Snatch, been there.
The city is very clean.
The Mormons are good looking people in case you hadn't noticed.
Yes, I have noticed.
The ones in the bicycles with the white shirts and the nice black ties.
And the, the, the, the, although I think if you wear that magic underwear too long, sir, get a little gimme.
That festering brine pit really smells.
Really?
Yeah.
Anyway, the people are pretty look at.
Okay, so get real outs on the outskirts of town up on a hill somewhere and just get some binoculars.
Miami 16 Toronto 5 Prague 5 Boston 1.
Colonies got one already spoke.
Can't just went on there.
What do we have now?
Salt Lake City.
Got to have a list.
We better get that list going pretty soon because we got to do the other one.
They were what we don't have to, but we will or maybe not.
We should.
We should what?
Do the other one.
Tomorrow.
Okay.
See, always hold something back.
There's a little lesson for you.
If something looks like it might because it's going to take a long time to build this one.
Man, we got to get a whole bunch of names on there.
It doesn't.
It doesn't have the, the scientific value that our pool usually has, you know, because this is very important crack.
It kills some very valuable time.
Bimbo's Portray Bush has a bozo.
Now that story coming up after the break.
Should I give you a little tease?
Could you?
A group of a group of women in southeastern Michigan say they'll use pictures of scantily clad babes.
All right.
In an effort to smash George W Bush's reelection hopes more to come momentarily, more to come,
score to break.
We got a lot of good, the pile of good stuff here today.
Good.
Mad Dog at two, the Humper at four.
Now the Humper said, I've had an answer.
Hurricane warm up at seven.
Oh, clearance and definitely going to make your life so miserable the next three years you won't know what hit you.
Hurricane warm up at seven.
I think you got the, oh, no, that was, is that, I thought that was last night.
What we plan to promo for that all day yesterday, today is Tuesday last time I checked, right?
Yeah.
Maryland Baltimore County, which sounds like a little girls team at the Hurricanes basketball.
I guess that's tonight's 7 30.
Any K follows that was good luck to him and Joe and Mark overnight.
Wow.
Baltimore County, Maryland.
Not, in other words, not the University of Maryland, but Maryland Baltimore County, juvenile detention center team against the Hurricanes.
Right.
I think you got the right to go to the U.S. State Montessori School.
Wow.
1027 at five, 60 WDQ and big news.
Howlett-Pottie, AGGMC is now Auto City Potty AGGMC of Pinecrest.
Expect the same great Neal deals and customer satisfaction.
Request them to from Hallett.
Right now, with Auto City of Pinecrest, it's an end of the year clearance sale.
All remaining two thousand threes in stock.
Take advantage of a zero percent financing for up to 72 months or save yourself up to $9,000 with rebates and incentives.
Attention, lease customers.
Ask Auto City of Pinecrest about their lease pull ahead early termination program.
There's even more great deals at the new Auto City Potty AGGMC of Pinecrest.
For a limited time, just sign and drive home your new GMC Sierra with absolutely no money down.
It's the new Auto City Potty AGGMC of Pinecrest in that same phenomenal location, 13401 South Dixie Highway that you was one across from the falls open every day, seven days a week.
If you want more info on a special Neal deals, you know what to do by now.
Just grab it and call the Neal Deal Hotline Tool free at 1-888-53440-11.
That's 1-888-53440-11.
Keep in mind, please.
All offers submitted credit to Provell City to folks at Auto City for details.
The brand new at exciting Auto City Potty AGGMC of Pinecrest where they give you low prices without the high pressure.
My life and look all this is 4.056-2-8-2-8-8.
These.
Well, good morning.
This is former VOTS president and former president Blanchard, Canada, Al Gore.
I'm here to quash the rumors. I am alive.
I used to be the man who was in control.
I used to be the man who was on a roll.
Now I just sit home in my undies and socks looking for that key to my damn lock box.
I'll dig Cheney. You think you're special? I'll dig Cheney. You think you're fuff on out?
So you're Mr. Popular VP? That down in press may much.
You're at least as side as I am and you're bald like me.
Now don't get me wrong, dick. I think you're all right.
But how many times does your heart beat at night?
You don't impress me much.
I'm trapped.
Here you go. Now I'll dig your box.
Who's a real big man? He should write like you notes to Afghanistan.
There's only two types of banks from Texas. His dance band, Cardrodden.
He's a little Joe. Oh, George Bush. You think you're special? Oh, George Bush. You think you're fuff on out?
So you're Mr. Popular President, who? That down in press may much.
But I want to be hurtful. I can be so your ears are bigger than rocks.
Pro. Now don't get me wrong, George. I think you're all right.
But how many beers do your girls drink at night?
You don't impress me much.
Don't let them ever think real President. A real man.
And what about me? Well, look at me. I am a killer of perfection.
But all I must is miss a tad of a fleshy fad.
Maybe I should hit the gym. No, I'm beautiful.
1034, I'd say he looked a little bit better. He had that hair down over the side of his head, kind of like Hitler this morning.
You know what I said? Right.
Shake that beard. Right. All he needs to get that little mustache back.
Because that seems to be in with a lot of America today.
Could I ask Arthur, please, to stop faxing this picture that won't come through no matter how many people I've been.
Oh, and also, I mean, that's why I can't get my fax to you.
Because I just created a second, a new second pool for today. Well, Schmidt can't get it when we leave it for tomorrow.
First of all, it takes an hour to print out and then it's distorted and blurry.
Yeah, Arthur, quick, the patching around with you. I'm trying to, well, here you can write it down. You can say Eric.
Sorry, Eric. I hate to do this to you. I really don't. In fact, tomorrow, Eric, I'm going to send you 600 bedtime stories just to keep you out of the kitchen.
Don't you think I'm doing him a public service when I sent him a whole bunch of stuff?
Only if the fax machine was in another room.
Oh, in other words, you think it's probably in the kitchen.
A whole opportunity for a little later on because this first one, well, we'll see what gets in my cities.
All the way when you see Miami's got 28 votes throughout one program at 11. I mean, I guess that figures.
I mean, most of the people spend most of their time right there, right?
And they go to a win-more and cemetery village in places like that. Oh, my God. What beautiful 90-year-old people.
I'm sure they're thinking about South Beach and whatnot. South Beach and Fort Lauderdale Beach.
Right. And Wilton Manorath, what's your take on Al Gore's? I seriously, I have never been in anywhere.
Other than Montreal, that's the worst. But I've never been anywhere where when you're like in a highway,
you're on Ina 5, the turnpike, whatever, 595. And you look around, you know, you're observing the traffic.
And of course, you're hoping you might see somebody pretty hot. And you never do.
I mean, maybe you just don't. You always wonder, where did the spaceship land?
What banana boat did they just hop off of? What old folks home do they escape from? You know what I mean?
Very seldom. Did you see anybody? I don't know. And that kind of Abercrombie and Fitch look.
You know what I'm talking about? I do. But I can walk outside here, for example,
and within like a one block walk, a holy crap, whatever you want, man. It's there. Abercrombie and bitch.
But in South Florida, I think in fact, that's why I've been so successful for many, many years.
About 30, man. 30 knows because I'm so ugly and people can relate to me. Fat, ugly, balding, fag, old.
Right? They can relate to that aging rapidly. But with the second point, you're going to write this down.
Yeah, well, I can try to fax it to you again, but I don't know if there's something F up with your fax machine.
Probably Arthur's father's. You're an idiot, Arthur. What's your take on Al Gore's endorsement of Howard Dean?
Here's my five choices. It will help Dean a lot. Are you writing this down? Yeah.
Should I pause? Whatever.
It makes, should I read like one word at a time, that'll kill some good time. It is a holiday, you know.
It makes no difference. It'll actually hurt Dean.
Well, I'm sure some people would agree with that. Although it's kind of a stupid choice, but some people will vote for that.
By the way, Julie Romain ate two happy. His running mate, this blindsided old Julie Romain, which I'm glad to see that, because that man, he makes me.
I would vote 100 times for Al Sharpton before I'd even think about voting for Julie Romain. How do you like that?
Right? Right. And Al got 200 grand in court the other day, so maybe he'd loan us a few bucks.
But I vote for anybody before I vote for Julie Romain. Not Bush. I would just believe the country. Are I already have?
If Guarantees denomination for Dean, that's your fourth choice. And last but not least, of course, I don't care I'm for Bush, which we will trace those votes.
It'll come to your house and the lock and tie you up on election day. Of course, they won't need your vote anyway. It'll be fixed.
This could be next year. This could be the last election ever in the US. That's my prediction.
I thought that in fact, if we have it, if we have it, right? If we have it, read that again just to make sure proof.
What's your take on Al Gore's endorsement? Well, this is for a little later on like Noonish.
What's your take on Al Gore's endorsement of Howard Dean? It will help Dean a lot. Got it?
Yep. It makes no difference. It'll actually hurt Dean. Got it?
If Guarantees denomination for Dean or I don't care, I'm for Bush. Got that? Got it.
A group of women in Southeast Michigan say they'll use pictures of scantily clad babes in an effort to smash George W. Bush's reelection hopes.
Babes against Bush as the group calls itself plans to use pin up girls as the medium for its anti-bush message.
All right. Babes against Bush has created a liberal-leaning campaign to promote political awareness to the most unlikely of audiences,
men whose cultural tastes tend towards centerfolds and the swimsuit issue of sports magazines the group said to press release.
In other words, the sports nerds who listen to QM, they're the other 20 hours of the day. Those folks.
We figured that this was a good fun way to make people aware of the damage George Bush is doing in America said Babes against Bush model, Eleanor of Vast binder.
Guys like hot girls, so maybe they would mind getting the message from us. They'd like to get something from you, honey.
Or maybe I'm reading that wrong, getting the massage from us.
The group is offering what it calls a regime change countdown calendar which ticks off the days until a long duration day 2005 when a group hopes Bush will be displaced by an actual elected president.
Oh, I like that. That'll be novel.
They're ticking it off. The last election ticked everybody off except the Bush lookers. The calendar features 13 photos of provocatively dressed or undressed models,
but it's also a chronology of the Bush administration's misdeeds, mistakes and manglings of the truth the group said. In other words, bald faced lies.
What better ways there to get guys to notice that the president is a bozo commented January, babe, Vast binder. Pictures of the girls will get the retention they look long enough to read the fine print.
Oh, yeah, they'll be looking at this, but especially if they put the fine print in the right place, kind of like in the bush.
You don't have to be beautiful to hate George W. Bush, the group's website says, and I can certainly vouch for that. You know what I mean?
Yeah, right. Because there are few who hate it more than I do. Let's have a contest.
Okay. What's the criteria? Athens, Greece, okay?
The case is Jim, whose faxes continue to just amazing as town. I think Jim is trying to make the Guinness book of records for the most consecutive faxes with the shortest number of words.
In fact, you could have just written Athens, Jim. We know where Athens is.
Is that Athens, not Athens, Georgia? Oh, that's right. Athens, Georgia. That's where the Virgin Mary keeps popping up. Damn it. There she is again.
Let's see. What do them, what does that say in regards to two by each in Noah's Ark? What if one of them animals were past past, or this is past breeding age tool to get pregnant?
Oh, bad mistake Noah. In fact, maybe that's why I hope a lot of the animals from those days, those prehistoric times, I mean, pre-sensible times. Maybe that's why we don't have no mo. You think?
That's right. The dinosaurs wouldn't fit. Remember they said that.
They don't get sore about it. In fact, remember, see the USA in your Chevrolet? You make dinosaurs every time they brought that up, especially when they talked about Bert Reynolds' wig?
And the fact that he might be a fact. Now, we don't believe that Bert. How's Bert and Jacks doing? Anybody seen him lately? No.
Oh, we're supposed to ego eat and free these days. Boy, once Bert and Jacks, so when on their day must have been really a bad day in his life. To which we say, all right. 1041 at 560 WQM every day is a good day over at Brandes because it's going strong with their 25th anniversary this year.
25 long excruciating years of taking care of your smelly feet. That's right, whether you have beautiful lovely feet like me, or maybe kind of like mangled cancels.
They don't care. Even Hillary get a good fit over there because they have the top names. They got the best prices and they got a personalized sales staff who really know their crapping of your friendly service to make sure you get a perfect fit every time at Brandes. You'll find the top names rock ports, echoes, Mephisto, Timberlain, Clarks, SAS, Floreshawn. You want to take got it.
No matter how big or small your feet may be, how large or petite they can fit you because they got men size 6 to 15, women's 5 to 12 and went from the very, very narrow to the very gigantic big fat and wide. Brandes shoes you'll find about 12, 90 North Federal Highway in Poppano Beach, the open Monday through Saturday, 9 to 9 every Sunday, 10 to 5. And all this week at Brandes, men's rock ports.
I'm gagging on it.
What a m'haya. All this week at Brandes, men's rock port pro walkers are only 48, 90. You can also save up to 57% of the select rock port styles. I'm gagging on it. Just a little flim. Stop and or visit them on the away. But Brandes shoes.
With two S's Brandes shoes dot com. It's time to bring some flowers for me.
Did the sealants get right to the things that didn't the most talk about of recent data and that's crisis you have had a financial problem?
You know, Larry, I'm not making so much money these days. We are told that you have you're part of the financial problem.
Oh, definitely. Yes. And I think that well, I sort of have an inside track. You know what I mean? That's why the distortion of the truth somewhere in the vicinity of $700 billion. Did you know it was that much? No, I've been 700 billion. Yes. You're kidding.
Timing is everything. You know what they say? Yeah, bitch. Shame on you. Mod the Stuart fraud. That's true. She's falling apart. bankruptcy actually on this edition of Larry King live. Don't go away.
Uh huh. 1046 at 560 WQM. So anyway, Leon France. We're going to put that one under LYO in. Sure. What is this? Thanks. You says beautiful people are glomerate in the south of France. They are glomerate.
If you need a city, I will nominate Leon or to lose to loose live. But we're not going to put to loose.
PSI never take I take the one I take the never in church. Oh, such an extreme that I wanted to in church weddings. I do the receptionist's last wedding party afterward, but I ain't no hypocrite. Well, that's good because then you can get to free food. Right.
But you don't have to go in here. Go through that whole silly, stupid ass thing. A lot of us also enjoy that policy. Right. It's kind of like one of the parties. You know, Christmas party ratings parties. But anyway, I think it's my religion to go into other churches.
So CNN has beat us to the punch, which I figured they would, but I checked on it and they did. Nice going CNN's about time you did something right.
How they already got their pull ago and will take cars at noon. How well Al Gore's endorsement effect, Howard Deans campaigns. You know, they don't have a whole bunch of good choices like we do.
It's like everything is like either black or white. Everything's like Al Sharpton or West Clark, black or white.
Help it. 54,441 votes. 62% hindered 38, 33,881 out of 88,322 votes. That's almost as many as we get.
62 to 38% say that Gore's endorsement will help Howard Deans.
I think what they're really trying to say is what's not to like. Right. Right. And then go away to put it. What's not to like?
Here's something not to like. A suicide bomber blew up a car packed with explosives at the gates of military barrister today, entering 41 American troops and six Iraqi civilians.
Hours earlier, three soldiers died in a road accident in Central Iraq and three civilians died when a Baghdad mosque was rocked.
The attack at the Army base occurred at 4.45 a.m. local time on a card road to the gate of the base in the town of Tallahfar, 30 miles west of the northern city of Mosul.
Guards at the gate and in a watchtower, watchtower, open fire on a vehicle and moments later blew it up.
The bomb left a large crater with the gates entryway and a insanity continues madness. 5.67.
We got to get some more cities on this pool, baby. In what city in the world, you find the best looking people.
So far we got Miami 56, Prague 15, Toronto 14, a.
Colone 13. Colone. See, I told you about. Colone. Didn't I? Ha ha ha.
Well, I said people out there that have been around. That's good. Good to see. You're right. Spoke hands six, Boston five Salt Lake City five Athens one and Leo and just went on there.
Out of 115 vote. I'm sure we got some other choices. WQ I am like that one WQ I am out of touch liberal. Yeah. Yeah. WQ I am out of touch liberal.
I know that I know this relax. Relax. He wanted to say it again. The second time practice makes perfect.
Would you like to just get a slap like a two by four and just beat him silly? I mean, just five six seven O five 60 pound five 60. Yeah, touch this asshole. WQ I am.
Oh, WQ I am. Rome is a perfect choice and he doesn't mean Rome Georgia or Rome New York either. Absolutely not.
Baby. I mean, I've even hurt you. Rome Italy, baby. Man, now you'll see a lot of people with a big hook.
No, there's two. I mean, there are many different kinds of Italian looks. You know what I mean? Correct. Many different kinds of Italian looks and some include a hook look right a big hook nose.
Some would my confused for Jewish like Brian and life of Brian who found out he was a Roman after all. He had the Roman nose.
A he a red sea pedestrian. A red sea pedestrian. One of my favorite lines in that movie. I'm a red sea pedestrian.
That's what you're leaving. It's trying to say. It was okay. Big deal. Go walk here. Go get a try. Yeah, go walk across it right now. I mean, there they see if a girl would have wise up about Lieberman four years, three years ago, we wouldn't be in this mess right now.
We wouldn't have the bush. Meister. We wouldn't be up to our ears in this quagmire in Iraq. Isn't it interesting? How is everybody in their brother now is calling it quagmire after I've been doing that for like how many months and call me.
These fascist Nazis which have been doing for years. Isn't that amazing if you wait long enough? They'll catch up to old. That's right.
Here's our favorite line. It's always a winner. Line nine Q.A.M. Hello.
Wishful thinking man. Back to men over Dave. There's a long line. He'd like to give you a little best holiday wishes. W.A.M.
Good morning. Yes sir. I would I condominate with me. Australia Sydney Australia. Beautiful.
Thank you. That's what I hear. Thanks a lot, Pamela and everybody. Okay. You go boy. Sydney, Australia is just too far to get there.
Man, everybody talks about how great it is down under. But it's just so damn far from anywhere. It's like a why it's the same thing unless you live on a west coast. Right.
It's the other side of the world unless you live on the left coast as the assholes like to say it is. I mean the way down under there.
Still a lot of fags there in Sydney. So I hear in fact, remember that show love Sydney with Tony Randall? Nope.
And what was what was the other show he was on where he played the Queen. Jack Klugman. No, not with Jack Klugman. That was the odd couple. What was the other show? Was that love Sydney? I'm a B.C. Yeah.
Where he played Uncle Sydney who happened to be gay. It was not about how many minutes was that on the T-Cockster like molting.
We better get rid of that. Tony Randall by the way just turned 95. His wife is pregnant again. Right. WQ I am. WQM. Hello.
Can you please speaking? Boga Boga Boga. WQM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, yes. In. Wow. I didn't get more than I know. I told you the way I saw these flashing frantically in the beginning. They're worked up today. Just the way we like it. Excellent. Baby. Keep them coming. Sydney. I'll stride you. We got that one on there. Get it. Are you getting it? WQM. Hello.
Good morning. Morning to you, sir. I wish you happy holidays. Yes. I also want to say Athens, Greece got the most beautiful people. Yeah. If only somebody would loan them some deodorant or a bar of soap would be good.
I have a great holiday. Yeah. Well, I'm trying to say is that I've never been there and I'm never going to go there. Now everybody tells me that meek and os is great. You know, those islands off of Greece. See. Everybody says, oh, phenomenal. Fantastic. But Athens itself. I hear is one of the dirtiest, filthiest cities in the world. And the people there just the women have got more here than the other.
They have a little boy head on his head today and the women and the men just every time they grab that soap, they drop it because they like to win it the Greek way. How's that? So they never get to bathe with it. They like.
I see olive oil. I'll take their word for it. I'm not going. Let's see. Madhouse vacancies. What is this? Scott for well. Oh, look at this. All right. Here's some Scott for well news. This is excellent. Thank you so much. Whoever sent this to us.
From Jim Scott for well. Thank you, Jim, who syndicated sports talk show once aired on WMVP AM in Chicago.
auditioning for an ongoing role on man cow Mueller's WKQX FM morning show for all would replace freak who abruptly exit at man cows morning man house last week.
After nine years, this traffic reported joined WZN FM. So there's some radio news. Therefore here from Chicago. Good luck to you, Scott. I really think he just needs to get out of South Florida immediately.
Not sooner in the fine place. You know, yeah, who shouldn't right? Right. And especially get away from his good post personal friend. I don't want to mention no name. Absolutely. That one. The backstab.
The OJs when they did that song speaking of OJ, the OJs, the song to backstab. They had to mow in mind. Absolutely. That's what they were thinking about. The song was all about him.
By the way, don't forget 60th birthday today for Jim Morrison. We'll get to that. Rayman, zero will speak. Not. What an asshole. Speaking of great. The recording artist Ozzy Osborne badly injured and crashed bad news.
British rocker Ozzy Osborne fractured eight ribs and a vertebra in his neck in a bite crash on his English country estate. But doctors said today he's comfortable and stable in hospital.
I'll show up the way the Brits and the Canadians do that too. They never say in the hospital comfortable and stable in hospital. I don't know why they do that.
What are the most famous for biting off the head of a bad motive is wildest age concerts would wasn't what they said it was. Underwent emergency surgery at the Wetson Park Hospital in southern England overnight after the crash and an altering bite.
And his estate in Buckingham, sure. We're sure. Are you sure? Mr. Ozzy Osborne was brought in yesterday following an accident at home. Consultant Dick Jack told reporters outside the hospital early today. That's his name. Consultant spotted Dick Jack. He had a fractured left collarbone. He had some damage to the blood vessel lies underneath the collarbone. He had eight fractured ribs on the left side. Addison of that. He has a small and terribly stable fracture of one of the vertebra in his neck.
The 55 year old heavy metal rocker was injured by riding a quad bike during a day off from promoting his new single. The duet with his daughter Kelly entitled changes.
Ozzy Born in Birmingham, central England. The first shot to fame in 1970s. He's leading singer of the groundbreaking heavy metal band Black Sabbath. His viciously angry lyrics.
Bruce M. Stunson, disturbing images of evil earned the band cult status. Yadi, yadi, yadi. He made of course we have another Ozzy article later about the fact that he was stoned off his ass when he did the whole series and all these interviews, etc.
He's got a little problem. You know what I mean? Like Rush. The difference being we hate Rush and we like Ozzy Osborne a lot. Right. So there's the difference. He saws his honest about it. Right. 10.56 at 5.60. It doesn't pretend to be a goody. Two shoes and doesn't tell everybody that he's holier than now. Point fingers. And locked it up to not like that.
Say he just did he generate slob and he admits it. 10.57 at QA. It's the most wonderful time of the year. I can't every time I see that line in his copy. I want to start singing like Andy Williams. But I can't sing number one. Number two. Who the hell knows who that is.
It's wonderful. Unless of course you hit all that traffic. The crowded malls along with just lines parking hassles. So make your gift giving a little bit easier this year for you and your loved ones that gift certificate from dial a mattress.
Call them now. Two or three one eight hundred mattress and give the gift. I'll be thinking you for a year in and year out. dial a mattress has got gift certificates in any denomination. Methodist, Protestant, Catholic, Hebrew and a new bed for the master bedroom makes a perfect gift. You'll enjoy for years.
At dial a mattress. No phone promises no bait and switch just discount prices every day on a brand name. You know trust and love now. Including Stearns and Foster dial a mattress got the lowest prices anywhere on Stearns and Foster.
He would when you call dial a mattress at one eight hundred mattress. You pick today and time for delivery. Not some bogus thing that they set up and never show up. You picked it to our window seven days a week. And they actually show up anytime between eight in the morning and ten at night that you want noon to two one to three.
And I've been sleeping on a mattress from these folks for years. You should be doing your back and your health. The same favor. Do the same thing on a sales practices fantastic unbeatable every day service and low prices. Same day delivery and free set up and remove all make it easy to see.
My dial a mattress is ranked the best in the world and customer satisfaction. Call them today. Tool free at one eight hundred mattress. One eight hundred M. A. T. T. R. E. S. or check them out online at mattress.com. Happy holidays from all your friends at dial a mattress.
Oh look what I was just going to play.
You might hear a heavy rain shot know as the hour is.
Hello Sports fans, I'm Ozzy Osborne. The Prince of F**king Football. This year looks like it's gonna be exciting in the NFL.
One team to definitely watch out for are the Green Bay Packers.
Cut Ozzy on that's Packers.
What? Packers, Green Bay Packers.
Not Packers? Okay, okay. Can we start again? Can we start it over?
Can we use it?
In the AFC Central, you have to watch out for the upstock Cleveland Browns.
Browns? What the f**k is a Brown?
Cut!
How about those New England guys? The f**king Patriots or something like that?
That reminds me of when I was growing up in England, right in Birmingham. We were poor family.
Ozzy Osborne, take the script if you can please.
F**king you on the Prince of F**king Football.
Cut! Cut! Shen!
In the AFC, you have to like the Falcons, the Bears, the Panthers and Lions. Jesus Christ, I feel like I'm...
In line with the f**king Sue, where all these f**king Falcons and Panthers and s**t, is this football or mutual of Omaha's wild f**king kingdom?
Cut it!
That's all that's on the Q-Cut, man. What do you want me to do about it?
That just rippin' up, I'll see.
Let's all put this week on Ozzy Osborne. The Bricks of F**king Football.
Let's go. 3 at 5.60 W. Here I'm there, you're showing on CNN, the US helicopter made a hard landing.
There was an accident near Fallujah, but nobody got hurt.
Seriously, it was an accident but nobody got hurt.
Here's a fact, this is, please take the Miami Vote down. It's the resident idiot vote detraction of the true pool.
Monkey-jung will be a more specific choice of allowing Miami to be a choice.
Well, we have to do that as much as it pains me because we have many very perocular people and a lot of shluppers do, a lot of homeless, a lot of people on the rubber rafts.
We'll never get out of town, so what do they know?
Miami's got 74 and what city would you find the best looking people in the world?
Miami's 74, Prague 18, Cologne 15, Toronto 14, Hollywood, California. Where'd that come from, 11?
You sneak that in on me, but that's a good choice.
Oh, yeah, from the other side.
Well, can 7, Salt Lake City 6, Boston 6, Rome, Italy 5, Leon France. How come we got Rome Italy, but we don't have...
Okay, I don't care. Leon 3, Athens 3, and Sydney, Australia 3.
Suicide blast near Moscow Hotel kills 5.
Oi! Just the only moment to go. A suicide bomber blew herself up outside the national hotel across from Moscow's red square today killing 5 by standards, winning at least 12 and sparking fears of a new wave of terror attacks in the heart of the Russian capital.
Politicians said they stayed Dumas or lower house of problem might have been the intended target, not the hotel.
Well, sometimes they got bad aim like the US, you know, like...
Oops.
Yeah. Chinese embassy.
The attack came shortly before President Vladimir Putin addressed a meeting nearby at the Kremlin in two days after Russian parliamentary elections.
Moscow mayor Lutskov said that there was at least one possibly two female bombers.
They appeared to be lost before the blast-asseting direction.
So they stayed Dumas.
Oh, he had a lost suicide bombers. That's the worst.
Man.
And more startling news.
The blood found in the car of the man charged with kidnapping Jew Shodans matches the Missing College students DNA source said today.
I say let's kill him on TV.
Okay.
Or let's just hang him up by his balls run on TV until he tells us where she is and then we'll kill him.
Okay.
The preliminary match confirmed by a law enforcement source who's spec of course on a condition of anonymity would be the most significant yet in authorities attempts to convicted sex offender Alfonso.
Rod Riga is junior at the University of North Dakota student disappearance.
Never trust anybody named Rod Riga.
Look at that.
When he sent Pudgepack and always be aware of anybody named Rod Riga is see the source also confirmed reports that a knife found in Rod Riga is trapped.
Max and I've she found your Shodans car in a parking lot of the Grand Forge shopping mall where she vanished November 22.
He's been charged with her kidnapping is Moon 4 or 2002 Mercury Sable was in punitive.
This is story have all the background in this because we've had it.
The fact that they let this son of a bitch out that's what we he's a convicted rapist with a history of attempted kidnapping with adult women as youth.
The weapon and at least one assault he was registered as a predatory offender the classification of those believed to be at the highest risk of committing another sex crime and he did not disappoint.
He was released from a Minnesota prison in May after serving 23 years for an attempted induction 1979.
Wayne Swanson who prosecuted Rod Riga said he tried to abduct a woman off the street and stabbed her when she fought back.
So there you go.
I mean 23 years maybe 230 years might be okay but 23 years obviously wasn't enough.
Damn it.
5 6 7 0 5 6 you let's get some more cities on this list while this pool till noon okay.
And then we'll get to the real me to the matter of the alcohol endorsement.
I should play that thing again like four or five times and we can go home.
Okay.
WQ I am.
5 10 what's going on?
How you doing sir?
The city with the best looking people is Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Rio.
Yeah.
Where the men are women and the women women are men.
Not well the women are exceptional.
Okay.
We got you down pal thanks.
Alright.
Thanks.
I still away go Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
It's a long awaited temporary.
I told you one time years ago I was going to go to Sao Paulo.
In fact I even had my reservation booked and I looked at the map and I realized the trip was like nine and a half hours as I said.
I don't think so.
That's what we got under with the penguins are.
Yeah well really much further from Miami it's like about nine hours.
It's a long long schlep man.
You can fly to like you can fly to London in the six.
Well that's a lot longer than that.
How far is the test here like 21 hours?
Somebody called once and said oh my god.
I can't imagine doing that even in business class.
Even the luxurious comfort of business class.
I can't imagine 21 hours is like a whole day.
You never taken like a cross country bus trip.
No.
Oh thank you.
I've done it seven times.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon world's line.
And speaking of that.
Not that I want to bring up bad news.
But whatever happened remember that the series of greyhound bus hijackings that took place there.
What by random crazy people like two or three.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Don't you remember that was right around the history of the.
They tried to tie it.
They couldn't.
They couldn't.
It was just lunatics.
They tried to tie it in.
They couldn't so forget about it.
I see.
So no, just take the bus.
Maybe the driving to us.
That's right.
Go first.
WQAM. Hello.
Hey, I'm just talking.
I want to give him the city.
Speaking sir.
This is not Neil.
Is sure his hell is.
Oh, Neil, good morning.
How are you doing?
I'm doing great.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Cape Town South Africa.
I'm going to give out a town.
Cape Town South Africa.
Yes.
Okay.
Yeah.
Very beautiful woman.
Blondon, blue eyes.
That German blood.
What can I tell you?
Probably kidnapped him from Sweden.
No doubt.
Thanks a lot.
Okay.
You take out the date.
Cape Town South Africa.
Unlikely source.
But there's a few white boats.
They're the most white boats down there.
In fact, they're mostly white folks in South Africa.
They showed all their darkies up into the jungles.
Depending on which hood you're in.
Right.
Well, that's really sad.
What's going on over there?
And of course, they're world blivious.
You just listen to the Pope and George W.
Man.
Don't talk about birth control in any of their classes.
Otherwise, we're going to take away your AIDS funding.
And certainly don't be using no condoms.
Otherwise, the Pope's going to make sure you're burning hell.
And they put in a bad word for you.
So it's kind of like a catch-22 is what they got.
And they're catching a lot of bad things.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
It's just so sad, man.
It is so sad.
When you start listening to the religious nuts.
When they see the people in power, like they are in Nevada,
and in the US, in Washington, and in so many other places in the world,
then you have to go, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
What the hell chance have we got?
Because, like I told you yesterday in a million other times,
that's what the battle on the face of the earth is.
The intelligent, rational, even forget about intelligent,
the rational, the anti-religious crowd, who realized that, you know,
we got to take care of Venice here.
And then the superstitious, hawkist, pokest crowd.
Oh, the Lord works in mysterious ways.
And Armageddon's coming and blah, blah, blah, blah.
And all this other crap.
Man, then people, they need to be locked up right along with that Rodriguez guy.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Congoleneal.
Yes, sir.
Oh, hey, I actually, I didn't call into chime in on your call,
but I would have to say that it's probably got to be Rio.
Or somewhere in Brazil, because the Brazilian women there in Miami are just gorgeous.
I'll be damned.
Actually, I was calling to say, you know, I'm real worried about the elections coming up
with the die-bold and the electronic voting.
I mean, does everybody see that that is just like the wolf guarding the henhouse?
I can't believe that, you know, after the debacle of 2000,
that the country buys, oh, the weight of fix it is with a paperless, you know,
totally system that you can't track.
No paper, right.
Well, we had a story on a couple of days ago about the fact that the,
and I think it was Neil and Oye that they're testing the one,
right, is the paper trail with it so that they wouldn't have any of these machines
that just strictly have to take their word on account.
There's no way to trace it.
But also, I had read, I think maybe on the article on your website,
that some of them, they can like anyone with a basic computer understanding
can get in there and hack with them.
And even if they do print out something that says, hey, you voted for Gore,
how do we know that it didn't register Bush?
And that's what I don't want to be, one way to be safe,
and that is hop on a plane, man.
Can we, I want to really start a protest or something like,
when I go to vote in November, I want to say, hey, I don't trust you.
It's machines. I want my vote on pallet.
Let's count them by hand, then we can go through that same thing we did back in 2000,
at least it killed some good time anyway.
I'm afraid though, if we protested, what happened to the protestors there
in downtown Miami will happen, no?
Yeah.
America is lost, Uncle Neil.
So in fact, when you'll know on January 1st, when they replaced the American flag with
Eswastika, then you'll know it's official.
Love you, Neil.
See you at the border, Pali.
Bye-bye.
Good luck to us.
Hey, speaking of, imagine this.
Imagine Todd Dreck lying in your backyard, like looking like a pus, a pus jewel.
With blood and pus oozing from every pornist's body, can you imagine that?
I love it.
Imagine this. Imagine zero closing costs on your next mortgage.
Zero application fee.
Zero credit bureau fee.
Zero discounted point.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group.
Now with interest rate of just 1.95%, you heard right.
If you have yourself a $200,000 loan, your payments are a pittance, a mere $738 a month.
Once you be financed, you get a new home mortgage from financial group.
You'll never pay close and cost again.
So what's not to like about that?
Call them toll free and find out all about it at 1-809-40 land.
Grab yourself real financing power with a low rate mortgage.
You can move your next property without any further cost or expense.
The only one mortgage from financial group is what we're talking about.
Call 1-809-409 for details.
It's a whole new way to buy.
You pay zero underwriting fee.
Zero dock fee.
Zero prepayment penalty.
Zero closing cost.
Even when you move to another property.
So get yourself financing it just 1.95%.
Call 1-809-409 to never pay close and cost again.
That's 1-809-40L-E-N-D.
The Renequal Housing Lender.
Restrictions apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR.
We're supporting you 5.60.
UAM.
And the men where all the girls disrobed.
There's one thing keeps me going back the lack of their wardrobe.
Maybe one will come home with me.
Oh, that is what I hope.
Oh, I really like the one named Joy.
A stripper named Joy.
Oh, I really like some Christmas Joy.
Sorry that you stepped on the Humper there 1117 at 5.60.
They stepped on the Humper.
Yeah.
Are they getting all bent out of shape in psychotic here?
The Dow went a little above 10 grand for like about two seconds.
And now it's 99.69.
It's up 4.99.
Now, as that is down 60.
But again, it keeps just like I told Ted David what he called it last week.
Same old crap.
Playing with the minds of the public.
It's the old psychological game.
Oh, everything is great.
And look at all these new jobs people are got for like five bucks an hour.
See, that's another thing they didn't tell you about the kinds of jobs that people are getting.
They're still almost 3 million jobs short.
We're talking about real jobs.
You know what I'm saying?
Yes, I know.
Real jobs.
Real honest to goodness jobs.
Not makefully phony baloney.
Part-time jobs.
Our jobs during a holiday season jobs.
All of these things.
Right.
Not trying to like peon anybody's parade.
But keep it in perspective.
Because man, oh man, are they trying to play a psych game on a public?
Okay, everything is really great.
And there's Alan Greenspan with his briefcase that old fossil.
Jesus Christ almighty.
I'm so sick and tired of seeing that piece of crap.
Here's a fact that says.
Neil, I've never been there, but Rio must have the best looking people.
Seems to be last time we took this.
We got the same result.
It wasn't that long ago.
In fact, I got to call yesterday and spread me to do this.
To you, okay?
That's okay.
I used to work in downtown.
I mean, the only thing I look forward to in the summer with the annual Brazilian invasion.
Holy Schmidt from 14 to 40, maybe 50.
The women were stunning.
14 to 50.
14.
The best...
I was...
Yeah.
You're not even what?
Nothing.
Get a respond to that.
Why?
That pet-o purve.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Well, some 14-year-old girls look 18.
See, better check ID.
The best was seeing them at the pool at the Innercontinital Hotel.
And I see, I don't understand this.
You'll have to brief me.
Especially when you had an 18 or 19-year-old and her MILF going topless together.
What does that mean?
Mom, I'd like to, you know...
Oh.
Addling topless together, which the Innercontinital used to wink at, given its European and South American clientele outstanding.
I never heard that before in my life.
See, leave it to Josh the fluorescent on that.
It's from the American Pie movie.
Oh, well, no wonder we don't know what it is.
Oh, geez, man.
I know.
That was a cute movie, but...
Yeah, it was cute.
Yeah.
It's not the kind of movie they have memorable lines from, I don't think.
Now, speaking of memorable lines, here's somebody did a lot of memorable lines, and that's...
...or properly by his dead today.
60 years old today.
Nice going, Jimmy.
Wishful,
...dressed up,
...water,
...covered,
...everything in
...lose
...even with a lot of stuff.
What I hear.
Wishful,
...morse and former badmates.
I love this view too.
Hey, Jimmy,
I'm not exactly happy about that, but everyone.
Jim Morrison's former badmates,
Bruno Candles,
...or Rosen of Poem,
...at his grave in Paris yesterday.
It could be, can you light my fire singer?
I wonder if light my fire song is this, you think?
Look at it, not even on the other mic.
It's not on this one.
I'm not going to get to the other one.
Don't do it.
and cult figure on what would have been his 60th birthday yesterday.
We're trying to evoke the spirit of Jim Robbie Krieger from her guitarist
with an orist who'll dozen the fans kept behind police barriers. Many have white candles
and old album covers.
Had the hard-living singer survived the turn,
Susty, who would have been happy laughing joking a good man,
the obnoxious Rayman Zerick that or his keyboard is the same.
The year is sunshine, the love that you know is time.
I mean, he was no Elvis, but he can't ever do that.
Do you want to know why he was no Elvis?
I give up. Because he's saying real music.
Oh.
So you don't think? Don't I know?
I mean, everyone would do Elvis bass,
especially at the holidays,
we'll probably have to play the Elvis today.
But, um, see how all the people named Rodriguez
they just can't take the orders, man.
Oh, wait till you hear this. You want to really puke your guts out?
Okay.
This will make you get down on your hands and knees
and do the old Barfa Ramma, the old M-I-L-F.
You know what that stands for?
No.
Man, I'd like to throw up.
This is from the uh, speaking of anxiously,
Fudge Report, maybe Ms. Fudge and Bob Kuntz are getting together.
Oh, God.
Yes, supporters of former AC Bob Kuntz wanted to go out and just get a real job
and stop trying to be an O-Jomper-Vocator,
you asshole, faggot, you idiot, you cymbalden.
Ms. Fudge reports last night,
supporters of former First Lady Hillary Rotem Clinton
will run cable TV ads urging Democrats to write in her name
during the next month's Democratic presidential primary.
The ads start running today,
time to coincide with the Democratic candidates debate on WMUR-TV,
the local ABC affiliate, that it may also be televised nationally on C-SPAN.
Bob Kuntz, the Florida Queen activist behind the writing campaign,
said the 32nd ads would run for three days on cable stations in Concord,
Manchester and Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
God, does he make you want a bar for what?
Told you.
Yep.
She's not running, Kuntz.
And here we got Gore endorses Howard Dean today, but here's a, uh,
and again, wouldn't you think of all the people?
Howard Dean, who signed the Civil Union Bill in Vermont,
which was groundbreaking at the time, and still is.
Mm-hmm.
And this guy wants to write in Hillary.
Maybe he likes the way Hillary dresses better.
Maybe he appreciates her cancels more than we do.
Maybe he wants to borrow her dresses.
Yeah, maybe he likes to dress up.
Maybe he and Ms. Fudge are like dressing up together.
Who'd hell knows for the holidays?
Because, where the hell else would Ms. Fudge have gotten that,
except straight from the Horses ad?
Correct him.
Oh, God.
See, that's one of the things about South Florida, man.
The same tired old muddocks, they just never go away.
At least the need to Brian had the decency to get, uh,
leave town, even though it wasn't a real, but at least they got around a town.
But Bob Kuntz, the same old crap with a bumper stickers,
and we're having a meeting by the old Oak Tree down here in Kendall
to try to figure out our strategy for our next meeting.
Remember that?
Yeah.
And then they got pissed off at us because we, uh, stop calling, uh,
announcing all the goddamn meetings.
Oh, well, let's have a meeting and wave the flag and, uh,
and blow a horn and a whistle or blow something.
I got a column for you that's going to knock your socks off.
Great.
By Fred Grimm in today's Miami-Herald.
It's a cold day in, uh, in Rio de Janeiro.
Actually, it is cold in the real part of the,
isn't it, uh, winter in the summer?
Right.
The seasons are ass-backward.
Just like them in a woman.
They're kind of like that.
They're ass-backward.
Before they're hot.
You'll not ask.
Fred Grimm, Terry Shiveau, is sustained only by politics.
Man, this is one of the best columns that Fred Grimm has ever written.
Nice going, Fred.
Every once in a while.
He, uh, he's, he's pretty good.
Right?
Right.
He's no Mike Mayo, thank God, who writes it would come like once every two years.
Sorry, Mike.
Oh, my son vacation anyway.
Like I said, it's a lift of ribbon and ass.
He says all the political grandstanding hasn't changed the gruesome truth.
There's no hope for Terry Shiveau.
Her new court-appointed guardian, Adlydom,
spent a month studying her medical records and court documents.
He talked to nurses and doctors.
He questioned medical legal and bioethical experts and religious scholars.
He talked to family members.
He spent time nearly every day at the bedside of the depleted woman
to the center of Florida's right to die controversy.
He found nothing in her perpetual mindless response that offered hope.
Guardian J. Wilson reported this week that highly competent scientifically
based physicians using recognized measures and standards have deduced with a
high degree of medical certainty that Terry is in a persistent vegetative state.
She has no intellectual capacity, no hope of recovery, neurological test and brain scans.
Wilson noted indicate that Terry's cerebral cortex is principally
liquid, having shrunk due to the severe anorexic trauma experience 13 years ago.
On February 25, 1990, Terry suffered a heart attack, a loss of oxygen
to her brain caused a permanent loss of cognitive function.
After several years of failed efforts to revive his wife, her husband, Michael, surrendered to the inevitable.
It had taken Michael more than three years to accommodate this reality.
He was beginning to accept the idea of allowing Terry to die naturally,
rather than remaining in the non-cognitive vegetative state
Wilson wrote in his report to the governor.
But that decision, which the husband said, followed his wife's wishes,
set off a bitter feud in court fight with Terry's parents and siblings,
they have been absolutely opposed to any decision to disconnect the feeding tube.
The Guardian noted that during the years long struggle these chinelars
avoid the disturbing belief that they would keep Terry alive at any and all costs,
even if that required amputative or limbs or open-heart surgery.
As part of the hypothetical presented, chineler family members stated that even if Terry had told them
of her intention to have artificial nutrition withdrawn, they would not do it.
The feeding tube was finally removed in October, but the legislature urged on by the
governor and religious fundamentalists intervened, the tube was reinserted.
A guardian was appointed a representative, but Wilson's investigation offered no hope.
The University of South Florida professor tried to elicit some response from Terry or her
himself. He spent time with their parents who similarly tried to demonstrate awareness
and their daughter, nothing happened.
Wilson's report only mirrored the finding of so many judges who would consider this awful case for years,
he had discovered nothing new. Of course, the governor before leaping into this painful
familial fight easily could have read the same records, the legislators before passing such
controversial legislation could have first considered opinions of the same experts,
scientific testimony would have led them to the same sad, inscapable conclusion that
Terry Shive always beyond hope, but scientific reality didn't matter. The governor and legislators
were indulging in anti-science like medieval potentates, hauling Terry into a
political form to appease their ignorant zealots. Wilson gently suggested that the governor
in the warring factions agreed to a compromise if Terry can eat and drink or swallow on a roll
and then she'd be sustained. Otherwise the two would be disconnect and she'd be allowed to die,
too late I'm afraid to die with dignity. Of course, the governor won't agree. He and his
dark age allies already know that Terry Shive can't eat or drink or swallow on her own.
They know that she's beyond medical health. The only thing sustaining her depleted life
is a gruesome, intrusive, very medieval kind of politics.
What a great column by Fred Graham, today's Miami hero, man he deserves a pillow surprised.
That was good. Something. Well, not good. Right on target and Volsey to say it, the governor
and his religious fanatic is fundamentalist allies just playing politics
with this emotional situation as always. Another god damn bush.
Twenty seven past eleven. That's what Harry wanted. Just before he croaked. Harry,
carry another god damn bush. So that's he'd rather than tens the limit, Harry.
If you want to welcome a new sponsor on a new Roger show, it's EF Tyronaut of repair.
EF Tyronaut of repair is located at 50 83 North Federal Highway. You'll find him just a mile and a half
north of sample road and prestigious pompato beach. And EF Tyronaut of repair experience
makes the difference. Man experience is what it's all about. All EF mechanics
are ASC certified technicians, current with all the latest technology. And most of them
with the EF team for almost 20 long years. The EF team has got over 200 combined years of experience.
So in other words, they know their crap. No job is too big or too small.
The EF from a blown fuse or a blown engine from a 73 to an 04 Bentley.
EF Tyronaut of repair does it all. All jobs are meticulously double checked
for accuracy by the shop format. And every car is cleaned upon completion of the work too.
EF honors most extended warranties and offers you wide-awaited service and most repairs as well.
EF Tyronaut of repair 50 83 North Federal Highway and pompato beach
called 954-426-9926. That's 954-426-9926. Ask about their 90 days
same as cash, no interest credit card. EF Tyronaut of repair nationally
recognizes one of the most successful automotive repair facilities in the USA.
If EF Tyronaut of his nobody cares more and nobody will work harder to learn
and learn your business. Got it?
EF Tyronaut of repair 50
The EF Tyronaut of repair
802-226-9926
EF Tyronaut of repair
EF Tyronaut of repair
EF Tyronaut of repair
802-226-9926
We will take decisions
times. We will give women the most laps in this room.
We give women the balls to win.
Let's wrap up the first poll, as we had enough....
Well, we did this enough that long too.
He was all whipped up by Prague and a lot of other people che quien we are in.
Tiny grupo is the best looking people.
Miami Floyd Lloyd in 2005
Can we agree?
So here are the people meisten some people are talking in their ownom.
Oh, there you go. Yeah, that's a good point.
I'm proud of that.
Mindy floor to 95. Well, most people think that they're beautiful.
Huh? Seriously. I mean, some of the most grotesque.
It's like Rod Stewart. Do you think I'm sexy? No.
We think you're gross, man. Disgusting.
Prague, 22. Hollywood, California, 20.
Cologne, Germany, 15. Boy, you got to go to Cologne, man.
If you wanted to pick one city and were to go see beautiful people and maybe
just kind of like fall down all over them and rub up against them,
that's the place Cologne, Germany, 15. Rio de Janeiro, 15,
which would have moved up if we had more time, but we don't.
Toronto, 14, not too shabby, eh? Rome, Italy, nine.
Boston, mass, eight.
Spokane, 70. Boston, she debated that.
You want to know what? Well, forget about it.
Well, because there's like living and breathing people in Boston,
got all of colleges and universities. Okay.
And they got like a lot of like 20 something kind of people.
People like Abercrombie and Fitch people.
But one of these people know,
Spokane, Washington and Salt Lake City, Utah, seven of peace.
Never the twin shall meet. I guarantee you that.
Sydney, Australia, six. Athens, Greece, five. Boy,
they really stink though.
Leon France three and Cape Town South Africa none.
Well, that guy would have gotten around to it.
He just didn't have a chance to vote yet.
Okay, let's smit-can at first, Polaray.
Let's get rid of it.
Now, let's get to the important one.
Aren't you waiting on pins and needles on this?
Yeah, whatever. No.
Well, let's be a little more topical, okay?
Even though we got upstates by CNN,
with our 80 million viewers and their 50 million votes under God damn pool.
How many votes do we get every day?
About 30, man.
We'll take it.
We'll take it. Plus tomorrow's payday.
Clarence said to check his inner mail.
Nice going, Clarence. You're the man.
You're the man. I won't talk about that move.
Like, uh, point number two.
What's your take on Al Gore's endorsement of Howard Dean?
Here are your five choices.
This, of course, a very important scientific poll.
I'm not, I'm not smitting you, man.
I thought Gore was pretty impressive this morning.
Right. Right.
Surprise, right?
If he could have just butched up a little bit more like that,
he had too many advisors to ask bad advice, too many handlers,
including whatever moron, pull them, put Jew Lieberman on the ticket.
I mean, the kiss is death.
And I'll say it again.
There is nobody this goes to show you what about your weak need.
People you have in a so-called median America.
There is nobody else on the air in print anywhere who will tell you the reason
that Al Gore lost wasn't just because of our alternator.
Wasn't because of the fixed votes.
Wasn't because they kept the shards from voting in Florida.
Wasn't because they had an orthodox Jew on the ballot.
Oh, you can say that.
Well, he lost just about every southern state.
Did he win any state in the South?
Gore?
I don't want to jump right to it, but I don't know.
He, um, Florida.
Yeah.
Oh, we know that.
But outside of Florida, then he wouldn't lose yet.
I don't even know if he won any state in the South to be freaking honest.
Where are you going to get here?
Let me do a search.
2000.
Election reads results.
Shouldn't I do it?
Okay.
At auto.
I should put presidential, but I don't have time to type all of that.
2000 election results.
Because what I like to do is get that map.
Ah, geez.
Oh, yeah.
The 2000 election.
Here we go.
Look at that.
There it is.
Why does it come up with these colors every now?
And I want to do the web search.
I don't like the pink and the blue.
Have you ever seen that?
Because it knows.
No, no pink on my computer.
Faggot.
US presidential election that says, oh, it's under fixed elections.
Uh, Bush versus Gore.
Oh, these are a whole bunch of pseudo electoral articles about that.
I don't want that.
Uh, election results.
Should I put electoral votes?
Okay, electric, electrical bloats.
2000 election.
Electoral.
Votes, which again is of course a stupid thing.
If we didn't gotten rid of the electoral college a long time ago,
we wouldn't have the Bush,
my sister in there now with all this crap.
And we wouldn't be sacrificing the lives of all these American kids
in an crazy and patient war in legal war in Iraq.
Okay, let's see.
Electro votes.
Distribution of votes.
270.
Uh, now this isn't going to tell me.
Oh, yeah, man.
This ain't going to tell me crab.
I don't want the distribution of electoral votes.
I wonder who won.
Would you look it up?
I will.
I will.
Because you're just, you're incompetent.
Well, no, I mean, when it comes to finding stuff on this,
you're just not, uh, I mean, I'll just get about it.
Like what it comes to finding a tinny bar.
You pronounce that in one time.
Uh, one time.
One time.
Why am I saying I put yesterday?
What's that?
What was that perverted website?
I turned you on to yesterday.
I don't know, lactating breasts.com.
It was lactating Hispanic breast.com.
Something like that.
You can write a name on occasion that I tried to find something on the internet.
Well, you know, we're relaxed.
I'm just kidding.
I just calm down.
Man, oh man.
Just because your name is Rodriguez and everybody hates Rodriguez's these days,
because you got that rapist ax murder.
And then you got the Pudge Meister who got that they sent Pudge back and
Beeners and Reekens, the lot of them.
And by the way, let me tell you, who the hell wrote that column?
Was it Dave Hyde, man?
Dave on the one hand Fred Grimmon, a hero writes a great column today.
You write the most weak need.
Oh, what a pussy you are, Dave.
Dave, you ought to hide.
Mr. Jica and Mr. Hyde.
God, if the scum's sent, what a weak need column.
He's got about Pudge Rodriguez today.
You ought to read it.
I'll do even if you don't like sports.
It's so melee mouth.
Okay, there's nothing.
It's like having pancakes that are melee.
You know what I mean?
Oh, hit that.
Great.
When I hate, I hate people who are melee mouth.
Even if I disagree with you, 100%.
Even like Rush, I can't stand Limbaugh, especially with his lies.
But at least he, you know, says it like he sees it, which is full of crap.
But at least he opens up a big fat mouth.
And by the way, since he opened up a big fat mouth,
the Eagles haven't lost the game about Donavig McNeibb and Stephen Nair,
by the way, even though they lost the other day.
I mean, there's so many black quarterbacks.
It's just so obviously a racial thing intended like get everybody whipped up into a frenzy.
I hope Rosa Parks beats the crap out of him.
Anyway, what's your take?
We'll both look it up during the break and one of us will find something.
I don't think we're one.
My point being that putting a Libraban on Nair was like the kiss of death in the Yahoo States.
Even his own state of Tennessee.
Did he win it?
No.
No, he, how many electoral votes does Tennessee got?
Well, at least I can find that here.
It's got 11.
That would have done it.
Don't you think?
Yeah.
Here it is.
I got it.
You got it?
I told you we're good at this.
Oh, it's got the 2000 electoral and what does it say?
Does it have the breakdown of who won what?
Yeah, who's going to get it?
What the red and the blue map?
You want me to email you the link?
Oh, that would be great.
I'll do it right now because I actually know what some of those states are.
Like a big penis yellow one that's hanging down there when you go.
This is great because when you run the mouse over the map,
it highlights it gives you the exact breakdown.
You can in Bush, Nair, Gore, etc.
When I rub my mouse over the map, it goes,
I'm like that.
So I must have a faulty and defective mouse.
Believe you me.
I was born with an defective mouse.
It's a sad thing.
What's your take on Al Gore's endorsement of Howard Dean?
It'll help Dean a lot.
It makes no difference.
It actually will hurt Dean.
I was going to say vast difference.
But then it can vast difference is like part of the penis.
Right?
Different.
Yeah, it's a tube.
It's a tube in the penis.
It's a tube.
Oh, I hate when they do that.
It'll help Dean a lot.
It makes no difference.
It'll actually hurt Dean,
especially if they stick a tube in the penis.
If guaranteed, it's the nomination for Dean.
Or I don't care.
I'm for Bush.
I'm for Bush, baby.
I'm a Bush man.
And nothing you tell me is going to change my mind.
You got it.
It's right there in your email.
It's oh, you put it on the email instead of like faxing it to me.
Which is an easy.
This is an interactive page.
And how are you going to get the colors on the fax machine?
Oh, I see.
Very good.
Well, I got a vote first.
It'll help Dean a lot.
Okay?
That's what I voted just to get that chin going.
20,000.
And here's something to help you folks a lot through in the holidays.
That's the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
Why not let the number one Asian buffet restaurant in the world.
The Emerald Coast do all the cooking for you this holiday season.
It'll be a piece of cake.
Reserve your holiday party right now.
The Emerald Coast is going to accommodate even the largest groups
like maybe 10 or 20 or even.
About 30, man.
Start your mouth watering eating experience with one or more of
six different delicious soups like your hot and sour and your wanton.
Then sample dozens of succulent entrees like New York Strip made
ordered.
There's sizzling Asian grill along with the brand new seafood saying
Jacques and so much more like oysters on a half shell every night.
If that isn't enough, try the relascan stone crab middle neck clams.
I always thought it was little neck clams, didn't you?
No.
It's middle neck clams.
I didn't hear of either one of them.
Oh, jumbo shrimp scampi.
And after the first time, main lobster on weekends.
If you still have room, sample their hand-carved prime rib.
Their new Thai specialties too.
The Emerald Coast promotes a healthy living service.
They don't use any crab, no MSG, no cornstarch.
You'll never walk out of there with a headache.
Just a big smile on your post and they cook everything
only with cholesterol free oil too.
The buffet features a full salad bar, the new sushi bar,
fresh room cocktail.
And if you have any room at all, like I said,
bring a big sack and shove this some dessert in there
because they've got a great dessert station featuring Belgian waffles.
Waffles.
Where is Randy Waffles anyway?
Belgian waffles pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream,
all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit.
The perfect ending to a perfect gigantic, not just a meal,
but a pig out.
Emerald Coast, three locations for you in South Florida.
They're on sunrise at Pine Island in sunrise.
They're in that place.
Pine Island of 44th Street, Collins Avenue,
just north of 163rd Street, North Miami Beach.
And at the intersection of flamingo and pepper crods
in Pembroke Pines.
So take the whole family that got some ishfuhl
or book your next business lunch in right now
or for the holidays, let these folks do the cooking for you.
Take out delivery always available, call 954-5723822-954-5723822
for the world amazing Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
Live and local.
We're sports radio five cities, you and you, A.M.
Well, I'm so busy.
No, an open letter to all movie critics from the cat in the hat.
To all those who shed my movie would bomb.
I'm as big a star as Ben Zed or Tom.
40 million in ticket sold and so I beat the Jesus out of Russell Crowe.
I'm the highest thing in Hollywood.
I did it when no one said I could.
To all those mean, hateful, no stammers would drive their Mercedes
and shiny black hummers.
Now go eat your words, you fuzzy jean shallot
and pummel yourself in their head with a mallet.
To wrecks a two-witchet, to Roger and Joel.
Shove it up your butt with a big grease pole.
This cat is on top of the office of bucks
and all of your heads are full of rocks.
Now all can be jealous of this red hot kitty
who's wearing hot-bling and snoop or pee-ditty.
The freaks and the holes all over my crib last night
making love by Broke a Grim.
So screw all the critics who doubted the cat.
Let them all make a poopy and my giant striped hat.
This has been an open letter to all movie critics
from the cat in the hat.
Some of the words if I said Tom Brady is an MILS
would that have some significance?
What's that?
Anyway, I got some bad news for you.
Yeah.
Email that you sent me.
See, I told you, you could do the easy way,
the sure way you're always got to email.
You're always going to email.
Guess what?
I'm trying to open up the email.
It says hotmail is permanently blocked
of following potentially unsafe attachments.
President.org.
How do you like that?
You could do that.
So you're trying to feed me some kind of a virus
or some kind of like a crack or something like that.
You're trying to feed some warm into my computer.
From ABC News.
Well, guess what?
Hot Mio's permanently blocked it.
They said, Vafon Gula, baby.
You're not getting a missing.
ABC News.
Oh, wait a minute.
Well, in other words, my search.
Where's the website?
This is the website.
Well, I can't do that.
Now I got like 8 million.
Because of you, look at that thing.
I got a URL up there.
It's got 40,000 words in it.
Maybe not 40,000.
Not good, man.
60, five votes.
What's your take on out of words endorsement
or howardine?
It'll help dean a lot.
27.
It'll make no difference.
16.
I don't care.
I'm for Bush.
10, 15.3%.
It guarantees the nomination for D9.
It'll actually hurt Dean three.
I don't even know why I put that on there.
But I knew somebody to vote for.
And I was right.
Okay.
Now what's the website?
One moment, please.
I was trying to print it.
And I'm having prints and problems as you know.
Why?
Are they still going on?
Yeah.
Oh, I thought stuff in terms of being in their
electorate.
You're funny.
This thing's long as a mile.
We can't do this on the air.
Okay.
I'll write it down in the website.
Are you taking me to website?
Well, please.
So in other words, you can't faction to me either?
Either.
No.
I'll fax you the website.
I can't print it up.
I got to write it down and fax that.
Oh my god.
What a joke.
Everything here is working fine in my
palatial Toronto studio.
Another reason I can't possibly be more than
a few weeks in that joint.
I told you the fruit you were on vacation.
That week, the first day I sat down there on a Monday morning.
I wanted to tear my hair out.
The phone was all screwed up.
And the thing just like you were having
wouldn't print anything out.
Mm-hmm.
Man.
It answered your question.
No, he did not win any Southern states.
Well, there you go.
Let's see.
We went through all of that.
Killed about 15 minutes doing it.
Nice going guys.
Thank you.
Did not win Louisiana, Alabama with a banjo on his knee.
Mississippi, Marlowe and New Mexico are his southern as it got.
Well, Maryland is not exactly what you call a Southern state.
And either New Mexico hardly considered a Southern state.
Illinois, Iowa.
No, no, no.
Pennsylvania.
Last time I checked this without somebody.
I know New York, New Jersey,
Vermont, New Hampshire.
Um, he went to Hampshire.
Maine.
No need to go when you're in New Hampshire.
New Hampshire was the only state in the wheel that he lost.
Right.
Michigan.
Yes.
I'm doing this from memory, of course.
Very out of four in.
Yeah.
See Washington, Oregon.
No, not not Oregon.
Washington.
Yes, Oregon.
Oh my god.
That's depressing.
Illinois's see.
He lost Ohio.
Yes, he did.
Yeah.
And the code is he did not win either one of them.
Those names of all places.
Didn't know Montana.
Or Oklahoma.
No, or Texas.
Arizona or Zona or Utah or Wyoming.
No, he won Hawaii.
Lost Alaska.
Right.
I think that's it.
That's it.
Very good.
Isn't it?
Well, we don't have to mention all the seven states like the
Carolina's because like you said, nothing to be fine.
They're losing Carolina.
Ivan Fax is here.
It says I was listening to your program yesterday.
I went back from an interview.
I lost my high paying job two plus years ago.
Like those three million other people out there who aren't quite
cheering in this great economic comeback.
That they keep giving us a song in advance about.
Oh, downtown thousand.
Yeah, I remember.
It was 11, seven.
Okay, downtown thousand.
My ass.
And by the way, at eight, 10,000.
It's what is it?
99, 77.
I just can't quite get it up.
It's like, and then it falls again.
But then of course, 245, an Ellen Green Spun.
Makes his big announcement there.
215 or whatever it is this afternoon.
Oh, wow.
We're going to keep interest rates to say the American dollar.
Let me tell you right now is worth a dime.
It ain't worth a crap.
You could just wipe your ass with it.
You know that the euro is like, I don't only want to look at it today.
Over 122.
You know what it was about a year and a half ago?
92 cent.
And now it's 122 against the dollar.
The Canadian dollar a year and a half ago was 62 cent.
Now it's 77 plus.
It's enough to make it gag.
But anyway, Ivan says I was listening to your program yesterday.
My way back from an interview when I heard you ask about Puerto Rican delicacies.
Having been there so many times here are some for Pudge.
Just as we send Pudge packing.
So instead of sending him a pack of my sandwich,
we'll pack him a mofongo.
Hey, mofongo, uh, uh, uh, uh, Pudge.
Ivan, look at this.
I, how do you like that?
Yeah, that's what Ivan is.
See as in Ivan Pudge Rodriguez.
See?
I'll be damned.
Mofongo is like a Boston post on.
It was like a big post on it.
A mashed green plantains that have been fried and shaped in large container.
Maybe filled with meat,
shrimp, keel or lobster, keel.
Normally served in container that resembles a mortar.
Wow, I'm mortified here and at.
Aren't you?
Yeah, mine.
Pastels, very similar to tamales, but made of mashed green plantains.
And has some kind of meat, i.e. chicken, pork, etc.
Or human remains in a creole sauce.
And the entire mass is wrapped in a banana leaf and then
placed in a hot water until the cook.
Yeah, mine.
But it's nothing like human excrement in the, uh,
Creole sauce.
See, that's what they do is they do anything they put in anything
Flaying around just seven and seven or creole sauce.
It's good for you.
Alcapulias.
It's a fritter made of mashed green plantains that have been
a filling like meat or seafood.
A fritter.
You know, I haven't had a corn fritter in about a hundred years.
They either.
That's good.
Hush puppies.
Where did you, we're used to get corn fritters?
Like into fear?
Okay.
That's what I can.
Can I do fear something like that?
Corn fritters.
They gave them to us in school.
And I hope our pronounce is right, Yvonne.
Cookito.
Y'all have one of those.
Right.
His little coconut.
It's the typical Puerto Rican eggnog having rum and coconut to flavor the eggnog.
Normally the Latin eggnog is heavy on the rum.
Well, of course it is because then Latinos man,
they like to get a little uh,
cock-eyed little goofed up.
Come on.
Worked at the party last night is what I'm hearing.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Found 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
But a good time was had by all.
Here's, uh, let's see.
One of our perverted, uh,
factitious is watching an ultra-winey,
espank classic with Howard Cosell.
He rubbed elbows with the elite.
He was respected.
He was and is a legend.
I believe Mo thinks he is on Cosell's level.
Absolutely.
I want to joke the way he drops names
and acts like an arrogant snob.
But Mo is a schmo.
Right.
So our chronic facts.
How do you like that?
Let's see.
Yesterday, Mr. Ego states to his trove of color
that he would like to put the rest in the rumors
that he's considering the vacated slot.
I'm WQM.
There was previously filed by Scott Farrell.
Oh my god.
Oh, you know what I'm talking about?
This is the joke in a century,
because this is the best.
This made my day, my week,
and made my entire life.
Mr. Ego, Steve K,
is denying officially that he's not considering...
Wow.
Wow.
He states to his trove of color
that he would like to put the rest in any rumors
that he's considering the vacated slot
on WQM.
There was previously filed by Scott Farrell.
Mr. Ego stated he makes more money on his current show
would have to take a cut and pay to move the QAM.
Also, he thought very carefully about this.
Did not think that Brandon talked with work well before
the very old Neo-Rajor shows his Chris.
Right, Mr. Ego.
With your 14-old cocker listeners,
right, talk about old.
Rumor started by...
I beg your pardon?
Rumor started by.
By him?
I see.
Here's a fact that says,
I just received this email from the true majority.
It says,
Pants on fire is coming to Florida taking for a spin.
What does this mean?
I don't know.
I figured you could translate it.
I have no idea what that means.
So it's gay to be out of this.
I've seen some guys who acted like they had their Pants on fire.
Neither they host John.
But the old flame out.
Barbara CD dodges drug sludge.
I love this.
As again, the right wingers, they just throw a lot of crap up there.
Hope that it hits the ceiling.
Well, this one...
Then do it, then do it, Matt.
Miss Fudge.
The New York Daily News reports today.
Barbara Strysans, who outed another right wing,
hooked this weekend.
Conservative Internet Gossip, Matt Drudge,
aka Miss Fudge,
posted a story Sunday that the liberal singer
may be stripped of her Grammy nomination
since her album was in stores two weeks after the deadline.
Not only did you have it on the website,
but like breathlessly with a huge picture
and a gigantic headline,
the movie album on which the 61-year-old performer
sang Smile Other Film Songs
in front of a 75-piece orchestra
was nominated in the best traditional pop vocal category.
The CD was released to records through his October 14,
after the September 30, what day?
About 30, man.
Cut off set by the National Academy
of Recording Arts and Sciences.
Ironically, it was available on technology.
Nobody knows how to use better than Drudge.
The movie album was available as a full album
commercially via download on www.bimusic.com
as of September 30th on Columbia Records,
spokeswoman Claire Mercuri told us,
which meets of course the Grammy eligibility.
Nearest spokesman Diane Trio said
Sony's documentation was fully acceptable.
No problem.
And Miss Fudge, once again,
gets it wrong, gets it wrong,
but too much hanky-panky with Miss Kuntz, I think.
Be careful how you say that.
I'll wait.
We got the latest also
that these New York TV News got the latest
and Howard Stern and Don Amistad,
a little countertops that's kind of a museum.
We'll get to it.
I still don't have that, Matt.
I fact the address.
Thank God.
Well, this is quite a project.
I made it.
ABCNews.goat.com
this section.
Go to Hell, stick it in your nose.
But it's excellent once you get there.
It's very thorough.
Well, that's fan hit tomorrow is with the Scot Jr.
at a place to be determined, right?
Got 45,045 bucks.
We're over 45 grand.
Anyway, we'll make our 50.
I hope today's December 1 night.
Right.
Five out of shot, man.
We just like Jimmy Johnson said,
we got a shot.
We'll have the best of the merchandise.
Andy, Joe and Mark Toydrive,
11 and 2 tomorrow.
We'll let you know where it's going to be
because it doesn't stay on this thing.
Do we know?
No.
We don't know.
Let me tell you right now,
if you want to lose some weight,
Husker Trina doing,
she had lost 10 and a half pounds
as the last time we checked her
the last week on balance for life.
That's right.
See, everybody that does it and sticks with it,
they lose weight.
That's the key.
And of course, the reason it's so easy to stick with balance
for life unless you're a real
disgusting pig like the beast
is the fact is that
they, you don't have to worry about what to eat
because they do it all for it,
except filling out the menu.
You do that once a week.
You fax it back to them.
And then they send you right to your door
exactly what you want.
And there's plenty of food in there.
You don't have to go off the wagon
because balance for life delivers
in that black sack every morning.
Three gourmet meals.
Two delicious nights right to your doorstep.
It'd work at home wherever you like.
And you'll be full and happy
and satisfied all day long.
We're not talking about pre-fabricated
crap like some of those others.
I don't want to say Jenny Craig,
wait, watch your things like that.
We're talking about fresh, delicious goodies.
Stuff that you love.
So let balance for life finally.
Once and for all, help you lose the weight.
There's no calorie counting.
No carb counting.
Nothing except eating fresh, delicious food.
And washing away poor off on that scale
every single day.
Call them today.
954-568-3229.
If you're sick and tired of being fat
and gigantic out of shape, unhealthy, lethargic,
maybe diabetic or undivergivered.
But here could be the answer you've been praying for.
Balance for life.
954-568-3229.
Or check them on the worldwide web
at balanceforlife.com.
My and local.
This is 420-568.
Way and way.
I've seen Steve Goldstein, but you can call me Kelsey.
Whenever I'm in town, I listen to...
Wait a minute, I am in town.
It's the 12th of one hour.
That...
Rupert got the big move gone from survivor.
Talking like a pirate with an evil stare.
Is nobody covered up with dark white hair?
People bought it when they considered a sin.
He took the other tribes' shoes and sold her underwear.
Rupert got the big move gone from survivor.
All right.
One damn their every challenge, but I guess it hurt.
Everyone got tired of his stupid skirt.
They put out his porch Santa back to his front porch.
Now the only thing he wins is his filthy tie-dye shirt.
Rupert got the big move gone from survivor.
Merton wanted Rupert because he came back.
He and fellow, I guess, will are back contract.
They're calling the shot second like Tukaki's not sent the latest.
One the fall was the big old bumper jack.
Rupert got the big move gone from survivor.
Now I have no interest in the way it ends.
Yes, I'll just go back to NBC and friends.
Insurrect and shame, God, I just can't stand this.
I'd like to go there myself and bring it.
Re-camera lens.
The Rupert got the big move gone from survivor.
He is gone from survivor.
Oh, promo three.
And guess what?
You know that long URL you sent me?
Yeah, I typed it all in.
It said, sorry, but the site that you're researching
is no longer available.
So then I went to I typed in 2000 bush gore election
electoral state by state electoral result.
And here's the CNN thing.
I don't have no pretty man, but I got the numbers I wanted.
And I was right.
Tennessee with its 11 electoral votes, I would have put
a girl over the top.
It's home state.
Right.
Didn't win it.
Number one, he didn't have Clinton coming.
He didn't have bubble coming campaign with him.
But number two, speaking of bubble miceys,
he had an agreement on the ticket.
They don't like no Jews in Tennessee,
Mr. Autoray that right now.
I was in Nashville for a month in 1980.
And you won't be no Jews in Nashville.
I kick your ass right out.
Even now.
See what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Tennessee, 11 were to give and gore 277
and given bush 260.
Put Al right over the top.
Needed to win 270.
Got it?
So he got it.
They couldn't have fixed it in Florida.
Because then, see they wouldn't have wasted their time in Florida
and grow what had gotten the right count.
And he would have won that too.
So we'll have another landslide.
He had had a comfortable victory just with one state,
his home state of Tennessee.
Damn it.
Gosh dang is Bud Paxen would say.
Gosh dang Italians.
Man, California, Connecticut, DC, Delaware, Hawaii, Iowa,
Illinois, Massachusetts,
Maryland, Maine, Minnesota, Michigan, New Jersey,
New Mexico, New York, Oregon, Pennsylvania,
Rhode Island, Vermont, West Virginia, Wisconsin.
Those who were living and breathing people
lived, the grow one, all of those.
Look at the states that bush one man, I rest my case.
Arkansas.
Oh, that's from Clinton.
Alabama.
Anybody living and breathing Alabama?
No.
No Jews allowed.
Arizona.
Bastion of the right wing extremists like I said last week
who all got kicked out of California.
What those AR?
Arkansas?
No.
Arkansas is AK.
I thought AK said it for auto conquerors.
Oh Alaska, I see.
I don't know chance Alaska with Ted Stevens up there.
But you're right winged lunatics.
Colorado.
Well Colorado could be I don't know.
Not a right wingers there too.
Florida, which we know was fixed.
Georgia Idaho.
USC, any Jews in Idaho?
No.
No, not even North.
Indiana, Indiana where they talk like like they're in Texas.
Somebody, somebody forgot to tell them where they are on the map.
I told you this a long time ago and trust me do not ever go to Indianapolis
unless it's to visit our friends Bob and Tom because of their net.
They're ain't nothing.
They're in Schmidt.
You go to Indianapolis and you look on the map.
It's like right in the center of the country, right?
Well, man.
They talk in Indian not in four way or the northern part.
But in the southern part of the state with a real heavy draw.
Kansas.
Oh forget about that Kentucky rednecks.
Louisiana more rednecks misery.
Well that's a John Ascroff probably put the fix in there.
Mississippi Montana North Carolina North Dakota.
What's any?
Nebraska?
And oh, any is a Nebraska red.
And V is Nevada.
New Hampshire.
Kind of surprised about Nevada.
That was only four though.
All right, you know something.
If if Grewet of one Nevada, he'd have won four electoral votes.
Don't bet on it now.
Four.
That would have given him 270 and boost 267.
Four little teeny tiny votes in the dice roll and state of Nevada.
Ohio Oklahoma, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah.
Virginia West Virginia.
Why Wyoming?
How could they have both won the West Virginia?
Oh, they didn't.
Washington was the one I said before.
My mistake.
My bad Washington.
Grewet one West Virginia.
Wyoming.
Of course.
Bush.
West Virginia.
Low and that would have done it.
They usually goes Democratic in presidential elections.
West Virginia's got five without it done the job.
Even that one.
So in any of those states, any of these things he wouldn't
have to have the whole business with Florida and the.
Chads and all the embarrassment and humiliation and the war
and Iraq and all these dead people.
How do you like that?
I just mentioned this in passing because again,
this is the only show you'll hear it on.
It's the truth.
I don't care what anybody says.
There is no way that a bunch of red necks in Mugwam states.
There's no chance even a southern guy like Al Gore from Tennessee
is even through after eight years of unprecedented prosperity
and all the big budget surplus that's all vanished.
There's no way that them or go.
I'm going to vote for a Jew on the ticket.
See what I'm saying?
Yeah.
I don't tell anybody about Howard Dean's wife.
Anyway, okay.
Move along fast.
New York Daily News today says
way more than 24 hours of pass since Howard Stern threatened
to reveal information about what had done.
I'm his daughter's if I'm as didn't apologize to Stern's gal pal.
I apologize.
Which inspires me to play something I haven't played yet today.
I miss these some boring.
What's better than a live radio show every morning on TV?
Well, just about anything.
But that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teaning up with radio's original bad boy
who now looks like a nasty old lady.
Listen, Bernie, I miss.
So that intern has coffee sucks.
Yes, every morning, seat I miss.
Listen to a tape of other people's county vids.
Why, Bob?
On the air.
I need a hammer to bite into this muck.
I need somebody to pass the press one, play it like you.
See his wild behind the scenes at it.
I have some of these different.
I have the eye-manual, walrus, cucko-catchew,
and I get me some fresh coffee or your fire.
I miss.
He's irreverent.
So I want to deal with the poll.
He's topical.
No, I want to deal with his water game.
He's incoherent.
I'll tell you what, that's a government president.
What the hell is this?
I don't know.
He's I miss.
And he's only on MSNBC.
A cable channel nobody watches.
And a bunch of AM radio stations nobody listens to.
And when somebody gets some fresh jingle, it's I miss.
Hey, Merit, Merit.
Merit.
Many remeres.
See, I'm thinking that'd be good.
Pulse on day.
Who's the most incoherent?
Are we already done that?
Incoherent?
I don't think we have.
No, we've never done that.
Who's the most incoherent of them all?
Unintelligible.
Tom Broca, right?
Don I miss.
The Crow.
Anyway, Bob Dylan.
Getting back to how it's permanent Don I miss.
On Thursday, I miss producer Bernard McCork
in character as Jason Williams.
Made crude comments about relations he'd supposedly
had with Stern's love Beth Astrosky.
A furious Stern called I miss a WFA
and who's summarily hung up on him.
He still hasn't apologized.
Yesterday, the K-Rock star Howard told Stevenop magazine editor
Chauncey Hayden that it's too late for apologies now
because Stern claimed Astrosky plans on suing I miss.
That maybe difficult as the marks were made
during a satirical skit.
Plus, what's more, the two shock jocks
work for the same parent company
in fin to the broad chasing?
So there you go.
But the character I'm close on between I miss
and Howard who hated each other for years and years and years
ever since Howard brought that bottle of booze in that one day.
He used to send booze to I miss when I was in rehab.
He used to have the career send booze to his house.
Good play.
Yeah, nice going.
Nice going, Holly.
At any rate, 5 6 7 0 5 6, do you let's hear about
Al Gore's the audience whipped up or what?
Oh, he whipped up into a frenzy after this morning.
There's Paul Baggela.
They'd not be able to beat Bush.
That's the real concern that Democrats have.
And an alcoholic took that on head on in Harlem this morning.
He could not have helped Dean anymore.
There you go.
Al Gore got head in Harlem this morning.
Or Dean.
Yes, because he was right about the work he figured if it worked for
Bubba, it might work for him.
You know something?
If he would have got a BJ before the election either one.
The 142 votes.
What's your take?
Can you even imagine it?
Oh, I can't even.
I'm sorry.
Would have put some curve in his spine.
That's for sure.
Oh, God.
What's your take on outdoors endorsement of Howard Dean?
146 votes.
It'll help Dean a lot.
63.
It'll make no difference.
36.
If guaranteed that nomination for Dean 19.
He's got it sewn up now.
They say I don't care.
I'm for Bush 19, which is 13% unlucky number.
And it like it'll actually hurt Dean nine.
Nine said that just, you know, just to be contrary.
Just as the Chinese say, a Zeya.
Oh, line six.
We haven't had all day today.
Have we wQAM?
QAM.
QAM.
Going once.
Howard Dean for president line.
Oh, it's the mantra.
He's munching on it.
Yeah.
WQAM.
Hi, you're Pudgy.
Yeah.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
I think we have a, uh, uh, uh,
legendary character forming a QAM.
Hi, you're Pudgy.
The fat boy.
Well, we'll have some build him a monument in front
after the various fat ass.
Out of what?
Pudgy.
WQAM.
May talk with P.D.
When I go.
Yeah, good for you.
Speak.
WQAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon.
When is to you?
No, not me.
George.
Good afternoon to you.
Yeah, afternoon.
Good afternoon.
Thank you.
My wife is the one that called you a few weeks ago
and gave you Pudge packing.
And I enjoy hearing it and laugh every time.
Excellent.
Well, we sent Pudge packing.
Yeah, we did.
And we love it.
We we mapped it out.
But anyway,
when I ask you a couple of questions,
who does your voices for your little two, three minutes
gets, you know, your songs and everything?
A Reverend Jones.
Probably it's past noon at 560 WQAM.
You don't think that was Reverend Jones?
I do.
That was him.
Mm-hmm.
Anyway, imagine this on your next mortgage.
Imagine before you sign the deal,
you got Todd Dreck lying on your dining room table.
Right next to where the contract is.
But all the blood luckily is pouring off the left side
of the table and you're sitting over on the right hand.
Oh!
And imagine this when you do make the deal.
Zero closing costs.
Zero application fee.
Zero credit bureau fee.
Zero discounted point.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
And of course, we're talking now about
the revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group.
Now with an interest rate of just 1.95 percent,
that means if you have a $200,000 loan,
your payments are a mirror,
$738 bucks a month.
Once you refinance a good new home mortgage from financial group,
you'll never ever pay closing costs again.
So call them today and when in doubt, check this out.
1-800-940-0 is the number to call.
That's a bonus when I just do it in there.
Grab real financing, power with low rate mortgage.
You can move to your next property without further cost or expense.
And it's called the only one mortgage from financial group.
For details, it's 1-800-940-0.
It's a whole new way to buy.
You pay zero underwriting fee.
Zero dock fees.
Zero prepayment penalty.
Yeah.
Zero closing costs even when you move to another property.
So get yourself financing it just 1.95 percent.
Call 1-800-940-0.
L-E-N-D and never pay closing costs again.
The financial group.
There are an equal housing lender.
Restrictions apply rate subject to change monthly.
5.19 APR.
My and local.
This is 4.305-60.
You weigh 2A.
Good.
I'm going to get the financial race begin.
Live off in wonder who will throw you in.
Some palm beach people went to do their voting chore.
So count up all the ballots and find out who's got more.
Those old folks seem to have one thing in common.
Looks like lots of them just keep their votes too.
Patrick, you can.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Yes, I'd like to know who won the election.
Yes, I'd like to know who won the election.
Count the vote.
Count the vote.
Count the vote.
Count the vote.
Count the vote.
No.
The final tabulation started coming in.
I'm going to get the votes.
I'm going to get the votes.
I'm going to get the votes.
I'm going to get the votes.
I'm going to get the votes.
I'm going to get the votes.
That's an election.
Well, who won the election?
Since that's a little tutorials, today you've got lots of chances.
But how about you, get the votes, down theway.
We'll have 2 moreks over here.
I'm in it for Bush
Count the vote. I'm in it for God
Fuck third man
I'm in it for Bush
Count the vote. I'm there anymore
Count the vote. Demand steps of added
Count the vote. Demand steps of added
That 18 and 560 WQM. I finally took me three years to figure it out. You know that judge
I was talking about in Palm Beach that kept looking up. We saw him all over the world on TV. Right?
It's big eyeball look like I was in her like pop right out of the socket. Mm-hmm. Finally figured it out
That's why I played that before. You're looking for glory holes. Yeah. That's what he was looking for. Gory holes
Anyway, 171 votes. What's your take on Al Gore's endorsement of Howard Dean? You can tell us audiences on fire. Oh
About it not
It'll help Dean a lot 73. It'll make no difference 41. I don't care. I'm for Bush 26 15.2 percent
Which makes me want to barf makes me want to squat on the floor and drop a big number
A guarantee's been nomination for Dean 21 and it'll actually hurt Dean 10
5.8% of the system's student audience says it'll actually hurt Dean
Oh, oh, right
Just like those union endorsements probably hurt him too, which is why he jumped from 17% in the November pool or October to
25% of the current one latest one
Or they just flashed on the screen again on CNN 25% Clarks got 17
Lieberman's got 10 oh
And the latest presidential pool Dean the bad wagon is rolling baby and he ain't no Michael Ducaca. No, he no water mind. They'll he ain't no band leader right
Michael Jackson by the way who ain't no singer
New document made back Jackson's defense. You know, this is ABC news the boy legend Michael Jackson molested him told child where well for officials in February
The entertainer never abused him according to a documented taint by the smoking gun
The confidential memo on the police and child welfare investigation conducted in LA
The proved damaging of the case against Jackson in Santa Barbara County. Wow. This goes I didn't want to read this
We already this was about the tape and all this other stuff
He was covering his ass back in February when he started making rumblings that the Schmidt was gonna hit the fan
Catch my drift. I caught it
In fact Howard Stern said the Schmidt already hit the fan. It's on in the morning between six and nine or ten matterly goes off
Uh, anyway more on this social workers want to interview Michael Jackson's children
But have been stymied each time they visited Neverland Ranch sources told the New York Post yesterday
The child welfare investigators have been seeking a sit down with the kids ever since the self-style king of plot was busted in November 18
For allegedly molesting a 12-year-old cancer survivor at the ranch social workers have played about a half a dozen visits to Neverland
But each time nobody's been at home except Teresa and they said okay
We'll take your kid because Rebecca and this really pissed off
And when or you don't watch your passions you know what's going on? They're taking away a Teresa's baby. Oh
They're baby everybody and chose got a baby even. I think Julian's got a baby
Jackson has not been seen in public since the memory teen and so on
L.A. Defense lawyer Steve Cron said he's not surprised the authorities want to check up on the kids
You don't need to be convicted of anything to be investigated said Cron lawyer for comic Paula poundstone who lost her kids for a year due to child endangerment charges
And it goes on about the fact he's got the two sons prince Michael one and two and a daughter Paris and everybody wonders
Who the real father was and is he gonna hang him over to balcony again or what are they hung? Oh
Marles line. I want to see some enthusiasm. I'll play that old-gore thing again. I'll tell you right now
Yeah, that's no it was good if we know you there's not one line flashing
We're doing screenless this month out of the holidays out of respect for the fact it's the holidays a big screenless month
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Marles not that I don't have a real pile here man
I got wild piles like you wouldn't believe
Which is like what led me to my little incident I had on this during the show yesterday
Yeah, we forgot to talk about it. Oh, okay, too embarrassing you could play turtleneck
I
Was doing that right in the chair yesterday with myself
WQ I am
Hey, Neil. How are you pretty good great? You're the best listen
I think that the mothers of all of all of Michael Jackson supposed to children should be arrested for child endangerment
Yeah, that's right, you know
They don't even know where one of them came from to him or that nurse and then the other one
They just appeared somewhere like you just got it somewhere. Yeah, just popped up
Another kid he's always having something pop up in his bed
Yeah, no pun intended my magic mushrooms
I gotta tell George something hey George how you doing? All right
Okay, listen blinding okay all-time low high-d slice with the blinding I saw it. Yeah, oh was that classic?
What do you think about I miss that? Oh, it was bizarre. She made it clear that she couldn't go for a man that had less than 30 million dollars
Please. She's honest
Yeah, oh
Okay, you're out all right. I've seen some pretty hot people on blind date as matter of fact
I'm not not that I would admit to watching it
But I've seen some pretty hot people on there. No, it's it's hit or miss sometimes it's
That's the way it is now with your 60,000 channels on your cable with everybody in the world and your 45 satellite
This is if you got them uh you flip you keep flipping it and flipping it and flipping it in a channel two
And when you find somebody or something that looks pretty good
Then that's where the it's slipping stops then you rest
And all know then you the real flipping starts
You know what I'm saying? She wasn't a girl. I don't call it. Oh
I'm taking my chances there with that playboy TV keep your hand in a button
You didn't really have sex. Oh, you just have sex. Oh, this is this is really exciting. No, don't be too sure of that
You lost touch with ramp. Oh, nobody's on hold either
What is it nobody's on hold so if we have to dump something inside just right
Well, then they wouldn't enjoy it though. That's right
45,000 and 45 bucks for abandoned pay rest with our best merchandise the next van
He'll be 11 and 2 tomorrow Scott Jr. who's one of the strangest people in history
Will be there with our best meal merchandise and also for the Joe and Mark toy drive will be expecting
Expecting and accepting your donations
Some toys
You think they'll accept if Michael Jackson was involved they probably accept sex toys right with things so
Fisher press and a good news in case you tune it later Scott for all looks like his middle-anon is feeding
Chicago
Anemone show whenever good absolutely
And it probably do pretty well. Let's see here's the facts from Kathy and dear field left-handed to whatever it says
Howard Dean is going to be miming this Saturday the fundraiser is 50 bucks and you can go to dean for america
Slice blues and click on Kathy linkus which is her and LiNKO U.S.
To be counted under my invitation
What does that mean I don't know come on the old car come with you. It's only 50 bucks
Well, I don't think I'm going to fly all the way from Toronto to Miami to go see Howard Dean
In fact, I just saw my my TV for a few little while ago, but that's okay
Kathy is and it's not enough
I guess that I'm like pumping her thing here and pumping her but she also wants the 50 bucks in the answer is no
Bearest for that George will come through for you. That's what we don't think that we can't do a Joshua less than to the 50
Small change
Wait till you hear this sports fans city looks to get drugs via Canada
See the the American
Establishment the fascist establishment including the DEA and the FDA. Oh no, no, no, you can't take those drugs because they're gonna kill you
All the other people I see except the ones that made that one guy that was in the a theater yesterday
Unfortunately here in Toronto everybody else is like walking around okay. They're taking their popping
Fulls paradise there about the drug
Beginning next July Boston the city of Boston plans to import prescription drugs from Canada sources
The Boston Globe this morning for thousands of
City workers and retirees under a cost saving proposal mayor Thomas Minno is announcing today
The pilot program outlined in remarks scheduled to be delivered to the city council hearing will probably save
Shave about a million dollars a year off the city 61 million dollar prescription drug bill according to city estimates
The savings are expected to be relatively small at first because the program would be voluntary and cover a limited
So much of medicines like oxy cotton maybe
Minino
Search in his comments which were obtained by the globe that importing medications is safe although the federal food and drug
Administration is repeatedly cautioned it can ensure the safety of drugs brought in from Canada and importation remains illegal
I can't ensure the safety of drugs brought in from Canada because this is a 10th world country
Because everything here is dangerous and my career and if he didn't be Donald's here got only nose more kind of meat they're using
God what so sad it's so sad
They want everybody in America to continue to be like a five-year-old kid in the sandbox
With his little pale in shovel and believe me they keep giving you plenty of shovel in there
And smell it
So that's good Boston is like standing up to him excellent
From 27 to 560 wq. I'm happy birthday. I guess I'll play it again in my good buddy Shelley Bloom. Should I yes? Right?
Shaleys and not nothing how old he is but I can tell you how old is establishment is 40 years old
That's right for 40 years Shelley Bloom's been doing you guys right in the same great location
50 north west fifth avenue Miami fashion district at Shelley Bloom's you'll find fine men's clothing from suits and sport coats slacks to dress and sports shirts
ties in one of the largest slushed to designer shoes anywhere in town
Shelley Bloom's got a tag in slacks. I mean beautiful slacks super 120's and 15 colors for only 60 bucks
George you are money suits itself from 1395 to 1595 bucks you pay only
795 bucks about half price at Shelley Bloom's fashion clothinger. So why get ripped off some play sells
Shelley even offers a great selection of Italian suits starting in just 225 bucks each
service selection price those are the three ingredients that have kept Shelley Bloom and business in
The same great location for over 40 years now the selection is fantastic
All the race is always free and with thousands and zillions of suits and stock up to size 70
You can be sure and bet the Josh's life on it. You're sure to find what you need in stock
So stop over spending at the malls and make the trip to Shelley Bloom's in the heart of the fashion district in Miami
Open Monday through Saturday 9 30 and more until 6 p.m
If you want to compare price just talk turkey give Shelley a call at 305 5735890
305 5735890 Shelley Bloom's fashion clothing as no matter where you'll be it's worth the trip. Happy birthday Shelley baby
5.6.560
The radio's all yours now
Q.A.M
I like you a lot
Unmistakably this is television at its best. Yes over here. Yes
Well, I don't think this is a really governance issue
Bigger
I hate to do it
Okay
Along I cannot lift it but together we can
This has been a presentation of ABC news property 205 60 WDQM now I'm gonna tell you one of the reasons that newspapers suck
Okay, we do get a lot of very good information about new from newspapers like I'm looking at a sunset little
website right now breaking news
Dal rallies crosses 10,000 for the first time in 18 months
The only problem is like fall in bank
9967.23 it's up a paukey 2.96 points
Not that I'm wishing any of you investors any ill just because misery loves company and mishersh is a piece of crap
But anyway, it's like
Like two and a half points and sliding back the next down 14 and a half
So when they put that headline on their own website. Yeah, it did cross like temporarily for like a millisecond
And then all of a sudden
right back down
They don't want to get a little bit too carried away because everybody's working and speaking to that
I got a great story on our website today and the arranges calm that you all should read
It's too long to read on ear although Georgia be depressed and I won't too long. Oh well wall mart's big squeeze play by Harley-Sorinson
Starts out by saying question when is big too big answer when it's wall mart. Yeah, that I just read a couple of
Programs to what your whistle our reading read it on the website what it
She says about 50 years ago when I lived in Seattle and worked at Boeing
I stumbled one day upon a Luther League forum debating this question is it possible to succeed in business using Christian ethics
We didn't have rabid liberals and rabid conservatives in those days released not many of them
So most of the people involved in the forum or what we now call middle of the road
The conclusion they reach at the end of the hour was a well full
No
Nobody wanted to admit that the golden rule was not a good business rule
But facts is facts and the forum was an honest one which brings us to wall mart
To the best of my knowledge
Sam Walton didn't break any laws building his fantastic wall mart empire in his low-priced philosophy
Certain helped a lot of people
But Walton's success was ruthlessly created on the backs of fragile human beings
Well good many of whom are worse off for the experience
So on balance his wall mart more good than bad or more bad than good
And you can guess for yourself what the conclusion of this article is and it goes on and on a fairly great length
It's on our website neo-riders.com along with a lot of other good stuff that you should be reading
And not enough people are
See we we I think what we need to do is like take out a maybe I'll pay for it a full page ad in the USA today or something like that
Yeah, and just promote our website
Okay, and then a lot of people could like listen to the show online
Right right, but most importantly they could find one spot
I mean, I'm not saying that they can't find all these stories someplace else because needless to say would a fast
News resources of P.I.N.
We sure is hard dig these things up on our own
But it's just to me it's like a like a godsend you know from
The price is right and it saves you a hell of a lot of time from reading sifting through like
Hundreds and hundreds of newspapers and 85,000 the website's every day, right? Right. I think we're doing it and you don't get ink on your fingers
That's correct
Sometimes you get stink on your finger, but that's when you're a bad boy or good
5 6 7 0 5 60 well, that's what scurran said
How's that book doing one in the pink and one in the stink? I'm just thinking about writing it
She's getting so much feedback from that. Yes, you really yeah almost as good as my best of meals book
How I attack the buffet
Fies it look at that phone man. Is that week or what see what I'm saying
On a day when we started out with at the go announcement
Just for this audience
You think that the audience to be all pumped up and foaming it to mouth. They're not too busy shopping
They can't be bothered with us line one is working again. Is it ringing no? Oh, yeah, it is now
W.D. Q.A.M. line one
Okay, yeah, I know you're an asshole
W.D. Q.A.M
Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, hi
I wanted to call about having you play that Miami Dolphin fight song again. That's great stuff, man
Okay, it's great stuff. I'm not a dolphin fan. I assume that I know not what you like. I like jets
The jets well
Nothing's perfect, but I will say this because I can relate the the next best thing that the jets winning in your case
Would be the dolphins losing there you go
In fact, I feel the same way if the Patriots can't win them all at least if they're dolphins lose it makes my day a lot better
There you go have a great day pal. I do and you got it. Yeah, don't let me forget to play that
Don't forget you think you know what else I got to play again. Oh, I should be playing it every hour on the hour. I should show you
That the Mickey Mouse thing and Remus remus is my favorite Mickey's okay, but Remus is just he's just there's something special
He's the bomb diggery he beat a bomb he to man
Speaking of he to man stunt woman to sue Schwarzenegger
Arnold we just heard about what is a stunt penis
Arnold Schwarzenegger is being sued by a woman who claims he launched a dirty turt scampaign against her on the eve of his election is
California governor it emerged today
stunt woman Ron de Miller was one of a number of women who claimed to have been groped by the actor turned politician
But the day before Californians went to the polls
Schwarzenegger's office allegedly issued an advisory to the media
Detailing information about a convicted criminal called Ron de Miller with an hours miss Miller was branded a criminal on news programs
Only days after the election with Schwarzenegger victorious that it emerged that miss Miller had no criminal record
The information alluded to by the Schwarzenegger campaign team and carried on by law enforcement
Carried on the law enforcement website was about a different woman with the same name. How do you like that?
There must have been just an accident don't you think? I'm sure
Gloria all read the anxious Gloria all read a California attorney who appeared alongside miss Miller when she made her groping claims
Was holding a press conference today to announce the lawsuit
At the briefing she'll announce a fire. I wonder if it's an after not. I'll be where she'll announce a filing of libel lawsuit against governor
Schwarzenegger in his campaign committee office it cuz it's only 9 30 out there
She said in a statement on October 6, 2003. Miss Miller held a news conference with Miss all red and which Miss Miller
She had been sexually harassed by mr. Schwarzenegger when she worked as a stunt woman in a movie with him
Shortly after the news conference today the Schwarzenegger campaign sent email to reporters
Which appeared to suggest that miss Miller was a convicted felon always attacked a bitch. Okay always attack the victim
Whether it's Kobe whether it's uh
Anybody right right right works like a charm always attacked a victim just like a Robert Blake your buddy there
Mm-hmm. She had it coming just like oh Jay the bitch had it coming
The truth was however that the Ron de Memorow held the news conference with Miss all red had never been arrested for anything in her life
The false information about Miss all red time was broadcast on national television
No comment was immediately available from Schwarzenegger
He's still looking for the uh he's looking for the groper the a fear and groper
They could open fear. He's still looking for him. I guess he didn't shave today
Just looking to Mayor Arnold. I mean what what what what kind of crap in the news media they reported with a straight face after
After the election is over then he's gonna conduct his own investigation
Right
What does that mean is he gonna like subject himself to truth serum or something like that means uh shut up
Hook himself up to a lie detector
Did I really grope them or not now that I was engaged in some rowdy behavior by the set of movies
Let me tell you right now boys and girls that was today if you're any doubts
That was the day the final nail went in the American coffee
48% in california and such a liberal supposed state broad-minded progressive thinking and breathing
Just because they wanted to say goodbye to a great Davis
And so the octoman who is just
I'm believably functionally illiterate. He sounds like he just got off the guy to have banana boat
The kill the uh bratwurst boat
Man how long has he been here how many years?
You can't speak for the crap
1240 20-20-101 you know what that makes me want to uh play I give up
Why haven't played it in a long time
Not playing enough
See makes me want to inspire me well get them all in it's a good time for the great taste
Speaking of that how about a segue for balance for life, huh?
Katrina's lost about 10 and a half pounds and probably more than that if we seen her at all this week or not
Well yesterday and she said
taking half pounds 10 and a half pounds not bad
She's only been on a couple of weeks. I think since the remember 17 less than a month. What is that 24 like two and a half weeks
Balance for life is easy you try the others and one of the reasons that it's so difficult to stay on him is because number one
Lot of marboring number two the food is crappy and those pre-fab uh jobs like a Jenny Craig and uh
Weight watchers and some of those and number three who now can count all the calories in the carbs who can do that
I'll tell you can do it the people that balance for life they do it for you
And that's why they put together fantastic food five feeding today three gourmet meals two delicious snacks are in your black sack
How do you do is reach outside the door every morning by six a.m. It's there and then you just mongi mongi all day long
It's plenty of food to keep you happy and satisfied throughout the day so you don't cheat that's the secret
And nothing is frozen or pre-fab everything is fresh and delicious and you get to choose between two choices for each meal and snack every day
That is your own program balance for life of the only folks unless you do that
So if you really finally once and for all want to try something that can work the delicious way
With stuff that is fresh and delicious and taste great. Here's the answer for you balance for life
You just might start seeing a lot of good results and that's killing a matter of days
Especially if you stick with it beast let balance for life help you lose that disgusting
Are we on healthy weight by calling 954
568 3229
954 568 3229 or five more information about their program on their website balance for life.com
We're supporting you five six
You a.m
All right, Miami has the dolphins there the worst football team
They plug the ball from goal to goal like no one's ever seen
There on the ground that's where they'll stay. They're never in control
No, and when you say Miami you're talking toilet holders there the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Don't bet on them you'll always lose
They don't know how to tackle they don't know how to block
Their coaches ought to tell them to put the day in their jocks
Then they would run much faster and even in defeat
When we go to the stadium we'll see Miami
And they're the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league?
Well, good man. Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
The team that hasn't got a clue
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stand
Let them they watch the game and all they do is moan in gripe and bitch
I wonder how joe robby got to be so goddamn rich and they're the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league?
God, he's dope!
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
I hear the crowd begin to boo
The dolphins have faith feedler that quarter backs at you
Run down the field and he will throw a pass over you
Oh, I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised
When he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was circumcised and there the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league?
Fuck food man!
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Jake calls his signals in Hebrew
The dolphins have no defense and their offense is a joke
Like George Bush eating pretzels you know they're gonna choke
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race
With fewer points than parkmarks on high zingas ugly face and they're the
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number oh what the hell 32
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins now they're through
Yeah
I tell you one thing next one it could be really you believe me
I can't imagine if anybody was really you believe it's me
1248 at 560 and just like I said but Arnold
Good timing whoever fax this in thank you so many very much
From the Mercury News Sacramento Bureau just weeks after following to investigate
allegations of sexual harassment against him
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger has changed his mind saying it's time to move on
At least OJ he's still looking for him killers on a golf course
But Arnold he don't have time now he's busy being governor of California so it's time to move on
More than a dozen allegations of harassment and groping surface against the movie stature and
Politician in the last days of the recall campaign
Prompting Schwarzenegger to acknowledge that he had sometimes behaved badly on rowdy movie sets
He apologized to anyone he may have offended a me of culpice communication director reiterated yesterday
The governor after consulting with legal counsel and advisors has determined that investigation will be rather pointless
Given the political nature this is taken on said Rob Stutzman Schwarzenegger's communications director
The LA District Attorney's Office said it has no investigation no complain on which to act and so the governor is concluded
As we believe most Californians have it simply time to move on so we can focus entirely on the job
Californians in here to do he remains sincere in his apology to anyone he's offended
Right that's what that bunny would have said if he had the chance
Right apologize
Let's move on. So what's your auntie Tom? In fact, I think that's what what's his name is?
Rodriguez guys are going to say to a time to move on. I apologize and let's move on and who's got the burritos
Attorney general Bill Lockyer who's urged Schwarzenegger to hire a firm to investigate the claims had no
Comment yesterday his press said his press secretary Halle Jordan no keen to Halle Berry
I forgot that Halle Berry had that nasty a merits that they've just us
They didn't a real bitter nasty hostile miserable divorce and her thinking about committing suicide. You know that? No
Yeah
lawyer gargloria all-read who represents a woman who and you notice one thing about then they're both exactly the same complexion
Because she's got a white mother and a dark-complexed father
And he said something about your mama they've just us
lawyer Gloria all-read both she's just everywhere who represented well
It's the same story urged the woman to sue shorts when I was shorts and I said the governor's decision was not surprising
But it's insufficient in sufficient
The issue was not going to go away any attempt to cover it up or run from it's going to be seen for exactly what it is
She said he needs to be accountable already democratic activists who donated to former governor great Davis's campaign
Suggested that Schwarzenegger should set an example by holding a public forum so women could air their grievances
The governor's about face may create a perception problem for his pledging administration said Joe Sarell
If I'm a democratic consultant a lot of people will just laugh because they didn't think it was going to happen to begin with
This is underscoring what people anticipated right?
Rucket right
We knew it. I mean how how any ought to give you got to be well
I'll investigate it after it likes the whole idea of the allegations were to prove how unfit
He was to be the governor well to scumbag he is but he's going to investigate his own actions after he gets in there
And the public said yeah, sure
Man talk about stupid stupid idiotic jerks
We're in the wrong business. Oh, we ought to be we ought to be selling snake oil out there in a highway make a fortune
I'm telling you there's something five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line two hundred and fifty votes on a pool on the
Arjun's dot com. I thought that this pulpit explode. Didn't you?
My god
Major major development in the presidential they just don't care they give them up
They're waiting for the ball games like the guy wants you the dolphin. Can you imagine that I played it?
254 votes what you're taking out wars endorsement of Howard Dean it'll help Dean a lot one oh nine
It'll make no difference 57. I don't care. I'm for Bush 43 16.9 percent. There is that usual stubborn 17 or 18 percent
That I'm always telling you about constant never changes
Even with Lordass on the year right now popping those oxies
If guaranteed the nomination for Dean look how many people said that
And it'll actually hurt Dean 15 silly people 5.9 percent out of 254 said actually hurt Dean that go endorsement
See if Lieberman would have endorsed him then
Oh Lieberman's pulling out and his orthodox Jews endorsing we better watch out
Right and then what they would have said death wish even I would like uh said hey West Park
All bad and his father's Jewish
W.A.M.
Q.A.M. Hold on when is yes sir
W.A.M. Hello
Uncle Nino yes sir
I worry my buddy pretty good
Anybody bring up to you about his name is son with the people
Had it on yesterday sir when it was like in all the newspapers when it was a new story
Did anybody bring up to me about his anger son?
No, I can't imagine what you're talking about not that d.y
56705 says you know it seriously there are so many of these these and just like I called toward the end of the show yesterday
Oh do you hear about his anger's brother? Yeah
Or what he says on it what he did was he got like a little tidbit about Wayne Heisinga Jr
Is the brother of Robert Heisinga was the one with the d.y. Is second one by the way and they're both Wayne's son the Wayne senior
To this guy do you hear about Wayne's brother?
Maybe we'll miss something about Wayne's brother
That would be Q.A.M.
A miserable son of a bitch that would be Q.A.M. Hello
Yeah, hey Neil
Moe was hurt from material this morning
The joke when after they played one of your promos
He goes Neil Rogers the number one choice for all death mutes
Uh-huh
Yeah
Well can you stop laughing?
No
Okay, well that's all I have
Well don't make that mistake again
I'll try okay
There's our first lady in a couple of days as a matter of fact on the show and she had some pretty lame material
They're about Moe a silly spy report
Your desperate Moe
Absolutely
Your pathetic
Absolutely
And how can he be sure to material?
I guess he doesn't want to talk about the truth about that embarrassment on Sunday
And about the fact that he and his little partner there his little suckle partner that wants badly off of that show
We're opening up a big mouth all as well the patrons have been so lucky and blah blah blah
And the dolphins are gonna be 12 and forward
They're gonna like wind an amazing all this other crap
As usual full of crap in total denial
Suck it up even though your family attends all the home games with jets outfits on who the hell are you kidding man?
You bleed green and white and we'd like to see it
Right after we shove the uh after we'd bring the guy to mop up the Todd direct blood pileer
Yeah
Then we'd like to see seven at green and white blood from Moe
gallons of it
560
0560
0560 on the leaves you me everybody to building would line up there be a standing over to be cheering
So you're cheering already just thinking about
We're gonna look at ticker tape parade up in down 441 right out there by a truck's the sub-center
WQAM
Hi
Yes sir it is so nice to see
Everybody get crazy and jacked up over a stupid old albore who no one cares about who was going to be a good boy
But you mean the guy that won the election three years ago that guy
Nobody cares about right
Another one of those bush liquors you keep convincing yourself man
By the way, did we get it ever get that picture on our homepage yet?
Which one the one about Moe bush I don't know
Oh, you don't moe well, let me take a peek and see if it's on there
Oh
Preson it's a Moe bush
This one
Anything else we've ever had and looking to pictures underneath it
Yeah, I love it
Pressions on passion is gonna be really pissed off. She might suist for that. We want to thank all our contributors
Thanks very much to all those folks who make that possible the commander in chip
This is the all-time best
Yeah, all these people getting whipped up about albore nobody cares about who won the election
You mean sir who want a half a million more popular votes and who got ripped off and flovered
And just like Howard Dean said this morning the man who really won the 2000 election that guy oh
Brother who the hell are you kidding
1256 at 560 W2 and we got the mad dog
Reached mole like poison by the wing gets pink in the face when people ask him about it
Mad dog at two the Humper is a chule is it for or no he's in the studio to excuse me
He's in the studio they're gonna come and slap him on the wrist just watch yourself Humper
Don't take any winnickles man. It's not worth it
Herakun warm up at 7 the Maryland Baltimore County Blind Girl School is gonna be playing a hurricane basketball team
In Miami 730 Eddie K. Follows that excitement until a mark overnight
Have you ever tasted one of those meal replacements fat as they say in China
Fui check out how much sugar they got now there's a product that tastes great and it's sugar-free
Interest diabetic is truly the best tasting meal replacement drink ever formulated for people with diabetes
And those looking for reduced sugar intake in fact you still I hope have mine down there I hope
Yeah, that's right
Yeah, but you won't last long put it away in a corner. It's good stuff
I have to leave it when I was down there with delicious it sweetened with splendid brand sucralos
So there's no nasty aftertaste to get like with those drinks that use saccharine or aspartame
And rest of it is a complete balanced nutritional supplement that provides fiber and antioxidants yet
It's low in saturated fat and cholesterol in other words lots of good stuff no crap
And rest of it is also gluten and lactose-free and eight ounce can provides 237 calories of deliciously
Healthy nutritionists internationally recommended by doctors and dietitians and it tastes great
Don't sacrifice proper nutrition when you're sure it on time try interrest diabetic once you'll never go back to
What other other crappy use before the makers of interrest diabetic are so sure you'll love it
They're given away free samples just for the asking what's not to like go to their website
www.interrestdiabetic.com that's
ENTEREX
Diabetic.com all one word interrest diabetic.com or call toll-free
1 866
368 37 39 and some that Neil Pooley to call for the delicious one free
1 866 368 37 39
We just got the rail and we're not gonna poke a tika slap and all the women with painted lips around the pool
I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two
I mean I listen to the Neil Rogers parent balance one to two hours
After years of failed attempted mergers with cable news channels
Disney owned ABC has decided to launch their own 24 hour news channel. Here's what it may sound like
Oh
Good evening. This is Emma's reporting from Orlando our top story this evening
Nine people were injured when they fell off the
boop and it can be something else
In other news 4000 people experienced explosive diarrhea and vomiting while disembarking the
boop
Better go over to sports. Here's boopie. Oh, Gorswig. I've got moping. Why to you. Okay, man
Good job there, Rayman
What's chipmunk national weather picture standing by in the ABC weather center
Here is Uncle Riness
Back together boss
You know what I do the weather. How would you make a ball? I don't want to do any weather don't
Dancer
Sorry, I'm sorry. We don't have time. We interrupt this weather report to take you live to Iraq and special correspondent Donald doc
Donald's can you hear me
Oh
Having some problems with the satellite can you be more clear?
Um, I'm not getting a doll
No, no, no, no, no, no
Oh
I can't understand a word. He's saying anyway. You want more weather balls go ahead hurry up
There's a storm coming in Orlando. It looks like the weekend. I am shot. The weekend and shot
That's what I said
All right, one or three at five sixty W. Cremboy just keeps getting better the stuff you're sending me
Yeah, this is this thing that Arthur was probably trying to fax before
And he emailed it to you because it's from a guy named Arthur right correct
Thanks Arthur and we take back whatever George said before but it didn't work on a uh fax machine
Number six of bad magazines 20 dumbest people events and things in 2003. It's the George W. Bush GI joke action figure
It's a beautiful thing you really have to see it maybe you can pop that on our way well of course
I sent it to Eric at the same time that it's and of course it'll be on her along with that they mo
I got no money
That alone should be worth taking a peek of what we got on there today
Oh, man
There it is in all its glory the president president mo bush
The present the commander in chump that chimp
It's a beautiful thing
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
WQ a.m. Hello
Hi, this is Tom for Neil. Yes Tom. Yes, this is Neil for Tom
Neil just wanted to talk a little more about Arnold Schwarzenegger. Yes sir
What is what do you think or did they publish what is a parchment net worth was or is
Is net worth yes millions and millions I don't know that I don't have a number many many millions
All right keep in mind that's from a lot of that's from his movies and a lot of that's from the Kennedy clan too
All right, let me ask you a question. Yes, has it been your experience that guys with net worth like this are pretty smart guys
Do you mean like sliced along? Well, yeah, I mean anybody that basically came from nothing and to create a
50 60 70
We haven't got way to work how did he get there through a bunch of cheap porn on movies and
Through all that sleaze he went through in the 70s and he's you're you're making it sound like he built some fantastic a business empire
Like some tremendous ingenuity
He was a muscle bound freak
Well, but he's elevated himself
Yeah, what do you try to tell me sir that he's a genius?
Now what I'm what I'm trying to tell you is that he is also surrounded himself with some very smart business people
Dangerous people like George Schultz that's correct good points are dangerous five six seven oh five sixty pound five
I mean as soon as anybody saw George Schultz running up to the podium with initiative. Oh, that's all run
Something really stings here. It's bush won all over again
Isn't it amazing how all these Reagan and Bush yeah people all these characters
Cast the characters have all come back again or like Hermann Gehringen Heinrich Himmler and Joseph Gehrbles and the Rudolph
They all came back for a little and maybe even Dr. Mangle at two aka Tommy Thompson
He drank water out of the creek
So every I have a problem like with the cricket new neck just called cheesehead Tommy Thompson. He'll straighten you out
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 T and T and Verizon wireless line getting some great calls today
Just the kind we like wq a him hello
Hello, yes, sir
Yes, what I know it wasn't really I don't like him. I think he's an awful man. He's terrible. He's a Nazi bastard. He's too bastard. Yeah, I'm Jewish. I'm Jewish
WQ a.m. Hello
Yes, I was once speak the meal speaking. Hey, Neil. Hey
My name is Rich. I just uh, I was just listening to the guy that all swarts and I thought
Uh, well, maybe you should mention Anna Nicole Smith
For anybody who's in a mountain such a
A
Right that's right. She she's tired. Well, of course she took somebody else's money and then she made a fortune with them
But what can I tell you?
Absolutely. Well, I just thought I'd bring that up here
Well, I think about her there's one thought that comes to mind
That's it. Have a great day, Pally
See in California. See in Sacramento. Actually, I like Sacramento. It's a beautiful city
Very hot and it's dry. He put not as dry as like in Vegas. Oh, it got oh man
Vegas it's so dry and you touch like you go down the banister in the hotel like everything metal you tend
It's like all that static electricity like
Topping and puke in the
Like that
That's okay. Vegas is fine. I'm done with it though. I'm done by done about that. I don't think I'll ever go back
Just one of them things. I just made enough of a contribution in fact
I think they built two of the new casinos with my contribution and I hope they have a good time. It's fine
In fact, it's so much fun that even the the suicide hijackers went there. They were having like meetings in Vegas
What about the hypocrites, huh?
They were going to like tinny bars and
Vegas and I don't know if they were gambling out there what they were doing, but I'm sure they I mean
I just don't get it of course the fact is little bit when you're dealing with crazy people
They'll try to rationalize. Oh, let's see what they were about to do would make up for all that
You know what I'm saying when you deal with crazy people
No rationalize absolutely right he knows
WDQAM
Medical man
Bad bad is he talking about Mo again? Absolutely dammit. That must have been mr. Ego doing a voice WDQAM. Hello
WDQAM
Neil line Uno. Yes, sir. There's only two truths in the world. Yes
You can't wait with a black quarterback and the Holocaust never happened. There you go
WDQAM. Hello
And rush is on right now, too. I must be rush junior QAM
What is it?
Hey, it's great to have paranoid on your station today. Yes, it's Reverend Jones. It is Reverend Jones
Reverend Jones it's Reverend Jones. It's Reverend freaking Jones with a really bad to make an accent mine
Go eat some of that spotted mold
WDQAM
Next year this team will be out for some kind of vengeance
All right, all right. I like it
Best call of the whole year man here is almost over but I told you we get a good one before the year was out
There's the best call of the century
See I'm telling you we're never gonna and Josh will be happy to hear this. We're not screening calls no more
I like to scream us, huh? What's the point? Yeah
Because first of all anybody with a half a brain ain't gonna hold on for half an hour anyway
But this way it's like a quick. Yeah, maybe you'll get in maybe you won't like Russian roulette a little bit
Some of the callers like Reverend Jones and the other guy out of play but nevertheless now Reverend Jones is okay
You just have a bug up your ass about him. Yeah, that's it
WQAM
QAM
Yeah, I think you ought to go have a fifth WQAM. Hello
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I just wanted to ask you did you know that I try to get a hold of you for two weeks, man
Here I am
Did you get to see the special on Johnny Depp on e TV? No, I did not even it was on yeah, I'll try to get hold of you
It was on a week ago Sunday and then they repeated on Saturday or Sunday afternoon. I'll have to pop it on again
Sorry, I was always what was the upshot what was the uh?
Yeah, that's just goes from when he started and to to the point where he is now
Just uh, you know if you appear in the Johnny Depp you like looking at all white heavy duty okay. I'll keep my appeal for it
Thanks, palmy. All right, probably
See you palmy
322 votes. What's your take on the algorithm? Dorisman of Howard Dean this morning. It was breathtaking
Thank you very much. You're welcome
Uh, it'll help Dean a lot 139 43.1 percent it'll make no difference 72 20.3 percent say no different
22.3
Uh, I don't care. I'm for bush 51 15.8 percent for bush
It guarantees the nomination for dean 42 it wraps it up like putting a big bow on it like a Hanukkah Christmas present all in one a holiday present
42
It'll actually hurt Dean 16 silly people 5.5 percent voted that out of three 22
It'll hurt him when you think no because a lot of people don't like you algorithm like that guy said before it'll hurt him
right now
Thank you very much
Compliments after one at five sixty WQM. It's that time of year again
You got guests traipsing all over your carpeting if maybe you didn't call dry concepts before the holiday
Certainly you have once the new year comes and goes at that point
Pick up that phone and give them a call when you do call be sure and ask them about how you can get on their stand-by list
Which saves you 15 percent off the regular price of the job which is already so reasonable
You'll be amazed and no forget dry concepts do that amazing job on your floor dry cleaning your carpets make some look
Just like brand new and they give you a written guaranteed price upfront
Before they even start the job. I've been using them in my house for over 20 years
And even when I had my two dogs every time they show up it looked like I had brand new carpeting laid right on the floor
They'll do exactly the same for you. You're carpeting your furniture all your good stuff your area rugs
Nobody does it like dry concepts column today toll-free and you'll just be amazed at how they can make even the schwoziest looking carpets
Look like it's just brand new call 1-800-248-5071
1-800-248-5071 or look them up on their web at dryconcepts.com get everything looking spiffy after the holidays with our friends at dry concept
John here in the taxi car I said drive a several park
You look at me so quesically I could tell she was in a dark
So I acted out my puncture in with my arms the trees I made
No bug speaks English and I'm on
I went down to my I'm at beach weather weather business and sunny
I walked into a liquor store, but a guy there talks real fun
I asked him for a pint of Holtion Beemys'
No, and Tienda what does that mean?
Nobody's English I got anymore
That corner deli
Hell I think I'm in Pakistan speak English mille
Or you can go back to your arraaaaaa
I
Came here many years ago
Learned my ABC
I don't say much is grossiest I said pretty
So get yourself to a classroom quicker American now stop making me sick
No, but I speak English
Oh
2018 at 560 w2 Librements a little p.o.d. Yeah ready for that all right day
So she had a press center julyberman said that he was caught completely off guard by the revelation at former vice president
Elgore was endorsing Lieberman rival Howard Dean for the democratic presidential nomination. How do you like that?
I'm really proud and happy to be here
I was surprised Lieberman acknowledged in an actually broadcast interview
But he said I'm more determined than ever to fight for what I believe is right for my party in my country in other words far right
Asked on NBC's today program by whether he felt betrayed by Gore who chose him as his 2000 campaign running made Lieberman said
I'm not going to talk about Al Gore sense of loyalty this morning
I'll tell you I'll always remain grateful to Gore for choosing me for the vice presidential nod Lieberman be saying he said Cox a hoist
Reminder that he is climbed to an ounces campaign for the 2004 nomination for Gordon made his own decision about running Lieberman said
I did what I thought was right. I couldn't run against the guy who gave me a chance to run for vice president
Lieberman spoke a little over an hour before Gore appearing with Dean in Harlem formally announced he was supporting the Vermont governor
Here you go. He's a little PO. He's a little bent out of shape too bad. We can't stand you julyberman. You make a sick to our stomachs
Up your nose with the rubber hose. Okay. Maybe you can borrow mose
Lose hose mose hose nose and blows five six seven oh oh speaking of that godfather a funk
George Clinton arrested and charged with cocaine possession. No
You know George Clinton sure a good friend
No kind of Bubba
Tallahassee funk music pioneer George Clinton was arrested and charged with drug possession after allegedly telling an officer
He had cocaine in his pocket
idea
Shalahassee was arrested Saturday and bonded out of jail over the weekend acquitted jail officials who wouldn't release no further information
Clinton's 63 way to the funk band's parliament and funk adelaque and the collaboration later known as P funk in the
70s and he's considered a father of the genre in 83 Clinton's solar record atomic dog hit number one on the rmb
charts remember the atomic dog yes, I don't
How to go whistle a few bars. Oh, I need a baseline for that
Tallahassee police and officer noticed a man sitting by himself in a passenger seat of a car at a gas station
Parked a lot about two o'clock Saturday morning approach to talk to him when the officer got to the car
The man later determined to be Clinton tried to hide him that he was holding dropping in between the seats
He started a reason it was pocket the officer estimate he had anything in this pocket that might be dangerous
He said I got a little cocaine
Blow in my pocket
You know it was the end of that but he'll be all right
He's the father of funk right on five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line
This audience whipped up into a psychotic frenzy about Howard Dean's endorsement from Al Gore
Here's the pool. What's your take on Al Gore's endorsement of Howard Dean
It'll help Dean a lot of 146 42.4% out of 344 votes
It'll make no difference 76 22% I don't care. I'm for bush 56 16.2%
Clowns it guarantees the nomination for Dean it wraps it all up 46 13.3%
It'll actually hurt Dean
25.8% say it'll hurt the Dean Meister ready for that goes to show you
WDQM line one is working. Hello
Neil yes, sir. Hey, good afternoon. What's up?
I was actually up in Orlando at the convention this weekend on suggest for Saturday. I went and
uh
Joe out of all the cano get parked sharp didn't and mostly brawn weren't there, but out of the rest of them
Joe had the smallest quietest most insignificant following you've ever wanted to see right even from the blue hairs from Palm Beach for Joe
Oi well that reminds me of an article we had on about a month or two ago about the
Chicago or the Joe Lieberman fan club or whatever they were calling it and it was like a website had like eight members nation wide
Yeah, Neil let me tell you Dean is coming down to Miami on Saturday. I don't know you knew that. Yes. I didn't know that Kathy
Uh, she wants my $50 for it
Let me tell you something Neil uh, you know Saturday was a uh
Just went Saturday, but to be able to
Carrey followed by Clark and then Dean and just being amongst
Some civilized people is uh the glimmer of both was glimmering and I think actually there's no way the people who
Might say that Gore would hurt they weren't gonna vote for Dean anyway, right? I don't think I think he could only help
How could it not exactly he gave him like a fantastic send-off man right on
I'm telling you about the good luck. I love you tell him tell howard I'm phoning for him 20 30 times
So I'm okay. Are we better?
Not you Howard
So anyway, here's Kathy's facts again so she didn't get all bent out of shape and we got plenty of time
All week long to promote it Howard Dean will be in Miami this Saturday
He will not be appearing at no Jewish jellies like Wesley Clark though. I don't think do you?
I'm not prepared for the rascal house to daily than any of these things
Uh, what I still don't care what that's all about. I guess he's trying to appear to the old Jews
West Park the fundraiser is 50 bucks and you can go to this website dean for America's last blues
Okay, and click on Kathy linkus
Linkus
I wonder for a grandfather's name was pinkus Kathy linkus to be counted under her invitation
And then Kathy goes on to say
What does that mean? I'm promoting it for a Kathy back off on a long
If I don't read it again
Not that I wouldn't donate to 50 bucks for Dean for the cause, but I ain't gonna be there. Okay, Kathy you got it
Plus we don't get any women call us on the screen. So we don't have to beg for many more right? What's the point?
We have one noble moment at silly thing that silly spy report see what I when I get out of that kind of stuff
It's like overgrown children, you know, yeah, it's like a throwback to that old time that topical talk
Well, you know, Alan Burke said this about you and the David Gold said this about mr. Ego, you know, it's so freaking childish
So what did most say? I don't know five six seven. I don't know because we know listen. Does anybody else listen? No now
And how can he not have any material?
My god, he just hasn't caught on yet the town loves after a loss
That's when they like moaning and groaning and bitching and carrying on and hoping that the coach gets fired in like a burn on a stake
WQ I am
Yes, sir shot no
Boy the media tells you if you don't you're gonna get killed Rob didn't get my flu shot. Did you?
Yes, I did well congratulations sucker
I
Don't have no flu. Okay. I'm not gonna get flu or stars or many of these things
I'm as healthy as a horse. How do you like that? That's what they said?
I'm ananza that old fart is as healthy as a horse by the way, Hoss is dead. Yeah, he is WQ I am hello
Hey, you know how you been on pretty good
Can I ask you a question about your radio?
I think it's not the first time about a radio station about your radio station go ahead
Um, like with our David
um
It's a radio station doesn't renew his contract
So he get pulled off the the dolphin broadcast and did the dolphin first of all he's got two more years on his contract
That's number one and there are two is dolphin contracts completely separate. It's a separate deal
Oh
5605 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
OJ feet will be long gone two years. You can make he'll move around no more
Won't see him no more. I hate to break the news you have to fight a new boyfriend a couple of years
Most because there won't be no j feetler. No chance long gone
What even taking the CFL? Don't see him no more even George knows that
WQ I am
No, Mo no, Mo
Oh
Let's see what he's supposed to sing is no mo homo. That's what he's supposed to be sing. He just don't get it
Don't you love the way the see the guy already called it
I always love that you know, but evidently he was so impressed by what he heard just before was so much
Obviously better than his material
He just did the old pair of routine which we like wanted to do an echo
I can't 26 past one the mad dog come up at two with more excuses more alibis more
You know that stuff which we love mad dog doesn't matter in anybody
He's got a big hole in it and his head too
Everybody gets that ball spot sooner or later and if you don't want to walk around looking like your hair is in the sink
Or in the turliter somewhere on the ground and you'd like to have a full head of hair
So you get like maybe a head in life or like a little head Charles off here is the guy you want to talk to
Everybody in their brother now it seems like especially on his radio station
We hear about 50 million different spots every day this one's spending of this system
And this one wants you to put the holes in the head with the blood dripping down your forehead forget about that
The only thing that really works is the natural hairline system because the key is does it look like we
You'll hear any answer is yes, it does like it's going out of your scalp as opposed to that barnyard animal that crawled up on your head and died a wicked death
And you have nothing loose but your shiny bald spot because like I always tell you everybody gets Charlie's 30 day
Guarantee if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells after 30 days if you're not getting more action
Then you ever dreamed in your life then just a return it for a four-week fun and get your money back and speaking of cash
Mission the arises when you call get extra two-and-a-bucks off the already reasonable press at Charlie's natural hairline system
So it's up to you guys if you watch your hair back and looking great and younger than you ever dreamed you could again
This is the smart way to do it called Charles apherean for Lauderdale toll free
1 800 3 to 1 24 13
1 800 3 to 1 24 13 or look them up on that web at Charles apherea dot com
That's not good. It's great. Don't miss this season's newest holiday special boy, they Charlie Brown
It's not pronounced Chanaka what kind of crazy pitchfork is that?
I'm not a pitchfork you put Charlie Brown. That's a menorah. Oh, hey, you'll love all the peanuts characters in this soon to be Jewish holiday classic
I play with your dreidel only if I can have a bite of your kiss cup. I just don't understand all of this talk about Chanaka
Oh, hey Charlie Brown, not about Chanaka, it's Hanaka sponsored in part by Goldberg's fake good. Oh
132 night you hang 132 at 560 Wtc 45,000 and 45 bucks. Let's get with it for Chanaka and Christmas who make a great Christmas or holiday gift and
Quanza and for Kwanzaa and for New Year's two years
Uh, the best in the LCD 2003 2004 and also of course the world famous everybody's got to have one of these so that when we bury him
It might be worth something the more hard-divided keychain and we got the mugs and all kinds of good crap on our website
But anyway, we'll have a van hit with Scotch Jr tomorrow. It'll be it'll be a who just to go out and take a look at him
He'll be all red in the face
Am I right? Yeah, I mean that no matter what the weather is or they can they're inside or outside
He'll be all right in the post and you'll say hey, what are what are you and he'll say I don't know
And you just kind of like look at him and he'll be staring up into space thinking like he's a moon watch or something
Anyway, 11 to 2 it'll be somewhere. We'll tell you where in the morning
Because we got to get over the 50 grand market. Today's already numbered December 9
Let's get with it. Let's get with it for abandon pet rescue. Oh, and speaking of that. I haven't played a thing about the canteen
From the director of cat in the hat
It's cat in the microwave
What's for dinner here it is
I don't know
Rather nope not rabbits
Before I'm chicken
Cat in the microwave
Cat collar on the deformed chicken
Awkward
133 of 560 wqm now what about that the kasey and n had their banner headline on their website too. Dow hits 10,000
Y'all is the Dow over 10,000 now
Let me check huh well. I'm on 50. I'm on
CNBC right on the gambling channel. They're busy in a spot. No, they got all the huh? No, no
72 it's only up 7.5 point 99.72 so it's about 20 and then as that's down 15
I mean, let's get it right. Let's stop trying to whip everybody up because that's what they're doodifully doing because of course
CNBC and all the NBC MSNBC which nobody watches all in by general electric
So they're all just sucking heavy duty because all of these people you know Boeing and all of the others
They all want the big contracts. They all want the
Oh, and I got a great story on air about the FCC rulings too on our website today. I just mentioned it in passing. Okay. Too long for your time
WQ I am
Hello. Yes, ma'am. Oh, I'm sorry. I have the wrong number
Ah
That was great
Love it
She has the wrong number. I'll say yeah, you got the wrong number. I'll write honey
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T. I'm thinking there's our second lady today
Maybe here's somebody's got something to say, huh?
About Al Gore and Howard D. Remember all the women especially the ones from Palm Beach
Cutter they were fetching back in 2000 when we were on weeks and weeks counting the chance and they were all whipped up into a frenzy
Where the hell are they now? How that there are sons and brothers and cousins and everybody's dying over there in
Iraq where the hell are they now?
Well, that's right. They're busy shopping. I forgot they're wrapping. They're putting the bows and they're spinning the
Dratels and they're patching around. I forgot about that. Sorry
WQA Mline one is working. Hello
WQA M hello
That's excellent. I looked for it. I can't find my comment. You're not a bomb. I think it is actually nailed it. That's a one
I told you the women are the best callers tonight, right? But we only get one every six months. So we can't everything
Now I remember that
He did it five six seven oh five sixty by the way
He's he's still alive. Not like he died or nothing. Okay. He just
Close a little bit. There'll be a lot of us can relate to that
uh five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line we're doing scrimmless from now for three years
You do realize that after the first of the year it's the three year three year countdown
Wow and we need to take out like vacations and uh holidays and weekends and tissue above
It's more like uh less than two and a half years. Not that I'm counting you understand like somebody on Alcatraz
It's starting to get really uh promising. WQA M hello
Hello Neil how are you? Pretty damn good. I'm coming out of the keys. I enjoy the key change. I kid love the CD
I cannot take Howard Dave anymore. I love to go
Can we just get him fired?
Hey try to try to get everybody else fired maybe it's our time to work on him now
Come on he's terrible. He's got to naked pictures of that
I'll pop out to a flight later. He needs like his beauty raps or something
Hey, even when there's a local game if it's a late game like the previous game right
I wish I had a schedule. I have you loving life. I'm a great day and you too. How'd you like my schedule
five six
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha when it comes to schedule nobody beats you
Even a mad dog in the Humper. Although I taught them very well
See I'm not going to knock anybody for not showing up and in fact when when he doesn't show up them all my students
Probably like a plus for the audience
If we didn't have that squeaky one on her all by himself. You know, Gildi you're not a bad guy
You're okay. I don't understand you're under a lot of duress, but hi, and I know your Joe Rose's uh bunk butt buddy
But how he ever got on here. I think I just said it. I mean isn't it amazing to you? You know what I mean?
I mean Gildi's you know he's okay and like I said
I love a stressed lot of pressure
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18 T and T and Verizon wireless line
WDQA him hello
That was good as we explore you wait a little on a week's time, but it was good keep working on it Pally
As we export
Got to be more like that as we send northward all over across Lake Ontario right in the bottles of Toronto baby
Can smell it. Yeah, I can feel it. I feel your pain
WQA and hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Yes. I'm on the air. Yes. You are. Do you have the right number? You're not a wrong number is it?
No, it's not a wrong number. I love you guys. I don't know how I went more women don't call you. No, they're busy. Uh, getting laid
I think you guys are so entertaining and I love this thing for you
Well, thanks. We aren't have a heavy happy of
non-denominational holiday and thank you very much you two happy holidays for everyone. Thanks
Now I wasn't she nice to see we need a lot more how many more like that
Every day see because the women are usually pretty pleasant right? I'm clueless over here
Not not always we have a couple of real wing nuts out there. You know, not cases
But generally speaking for whatever reason that every time I say that then we get some
But you were nice. Thanks. We're you brained up our day everybody's day. Okay. Right now. In fact, everybody's gonna run out and get laid before three o'clock
22 till two speaking of that
It is a wonderful time of the year especially when you are getting laid
But the problem with a traffic and the crowded malls the long lines at the registers the parking hassles and south Florida people like
What are your brains out if you take their parking spots? So you better watch out you better not pout
Make your gift giving you little easier this year for you and the loved ones to give to certificate from our friends at dollar mattress
Call them right now the one 800 mattress and give the gift of your thinking you four year in and year out
Not a mattress has got gift certificates in any denomination
And a brand new bed for the master bedroom makes a perfect gift. You'll both enjoy for years to come at dollar mattress
No pony promises no bait and swish just great unbeatable discount prices every day and a brand name
You know and trust in love now including sterance and old bananas foster
That's right dollar mattress has got the lowest guaranteed prices on sterance and foster hewitt when you call dollar mattress
At one 800 mattress you still have that amazing delivery deal nobody else can even touch it
You pick the time for delivery like any tour window any day the week seven days between eight in the morning and ten night
And they show off on time like between three and five any afternoon when you're going to be home two and four noon and two ten thirty to twelve thirty
Uh 147 to three forty seven etc and they'll be there on the sales practice this fantastic service every day low prices
Same day delivery and free set up and mobile it's easy to see all of these things why dollar mattresses make the best in the universe
In customer satisfaction so for amazing service and fantastic goods no ripoffs do the smart thing like more and more folks at QM are doing to
Two Matt for Eldon stick around release get his mattress
Call Donna mattress today at one 800 mattress one 800 MATTR ES online it's mattress.com happy holidays from all the good folks had dial a mattress
My and low
This is 425 City
Way to way
Yeah
Baby come play with these cities. This is where I work. There is never never a dull moment at Walmart. I love walking at Walmart
We say at Walmart way after our ships are over partly because we love it but mostly cause they love to thin
There's more than a story to a fun place to be the best thing about being on the Walmart team is not having all those
Forms and papers that workers with health benefits have to worry about you never know what you don't find at Walmart
I just came in for the fun of it. The immigrants are the best at Walmart. They clean our toilets practically for free
And Walmart. I don't need no stinkin green card. We don't need no vajas. I don't have to show you I'm a stinking vajas
It's like my morning regime. Tell me and wake up at Walmart. All right
144 there's a little birthday gift for you George. Thank you. And of course the other one will be in the mail this afternoon. Oh
From here though. It might take a few months. Whatever
567 05 60 pound 56 you well. I got some good crap up here. I'll say that good shmit
This is Georgia brick. All right. It's about time. 567 05 60 pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We have 395 vote on that pool. There is
What's his name?
Rumsfeld gear. You know he's looking more and more like Hermann carrying every day. You know what? Sure
If he would take them. In fact, I think it's a disguise. I think if he took the glasses off
He would be here. I'm gary. Make no mistake because he's working up real big time
And he looks just like me starting to when he puts on that military outfit. He's goose stepper
Man
What's your take on Al Gore and by the way if you were sleeping in today Al Gore endorsed Howard Dean for president right here on the air
with you
Come on
Looks up
It's great to be back in Harlem. We shot basketball together one of the last times was here all right
Howard Dean and I are traveling from here to
Iowa and
I'm going to make a more extensive speech at Cedar Rapids a little bit later today. I sure hope so
That was good. I'm not going to plead again
Anyway 175 say Al Gore's endorsement of Howard Dean 175 say it'll help him a lot 44% a lot
It'll make no difference 84 21.1 percent. I don't care. I'm you know and those 21 percent aren't for Dean anyway
You see right I don't care. I'm for Bush who certainly aren't for Dean 66 16 and a half percent
Just a little tad below what it usually is in his crowd and of course that's because Russia is probably on right now
You think yeah
If guaranteed that nomination for Dean it shows it. I blocks it. I put it in the old lockbox
As I would say 50 coming a half percent
It'll actually hurt Dean 23
5.7 percent of the very confused public out there in radio land. It'll hurt him
Right. Oh line nine. So we're going to again. Don't you love it? Get it. Get it. It's the best WQ I am
Bobby to meet the richy
Told you what I don't know. I guess it's good as mine WQ I am
Neil yes, sir
I got a spire report of
Moves as we can on the broadcast from the top of the game
He took a shot at Joe Rose when Jamie Neill's helmet fell off. He said wow mad dog said oh he's got a
You know tight helmet. He says well, maybe he should take one of Joe Rose's those helmets. Oh no
Yeah, it was like man. He's wrong with Mo anyway. He's got a big heart on yeah, that's the problem from Howard from Boka
Thanks for the great call pali and whatever you do say goodbye to Howard from Boka
permanently I might just have to play that call again. Not today. I'll do it tomorrow
You should play it every day. That's good. Joe Rose hates him all make no mistake about it
She won't think about Joe. He doesn't pull any punches. Nope. Joe Rose is not going to be to run a bush
He's got you know, he's got the job at NBC six. He doesn't really need the radio gig all the work static to have him back trust me
Uh, but the fact that it matter is he just doesn't that beat around a bush
He'll tell it like it is if he hates somebody he'll tell you
And he hates you like poison mo. He don't want nothing to do with you. He don't want to see you
Uh, the beast already reported that the it's his icy is the North Pole in there in the eight o'clock
A turnover in the morning when he's going out and Joe is coming in
Said it was actually like frost on the windows. It might be 85 on the outside
But it's like 20 below zero on the inside
It's bad. There's a chill in the air. You know what I mean? Absolutely. Yeah. He hates him
And Mo didn't show Mo was a no show for the Christmas party last night
And just like the ratings party you know, I wonder why at least I'll give him credit for that
He understands that everybody in the building hates him like poison
Why would you show up for a gathering for a festive event when you know that nobody there's gonna be your friend
It's always a gonna be a bunch of people around you who will hate you who are saying horrible things about you
And your hair piece and your checkered pants and your colostomy bag and all the other good stuff, right? He showed up last year
Yeah, but but he's a little slow on the uptake you know a few months at the by then and at that time he was only blaming you and I
That's right. It was you in the months
It must be part. I must be all of our fault that we talked everybody else into it right? No, I don't think so in a last year
He showed up with the his fancy piece
And he went from table to table greeting and handshaking but avoided our little corner table
Yeah, gave it a wide berth
Was that just because he tried to get your ass fired is that it not a coincidence?
I think because anybody else associated with you must be one of the evil doers that must be it no question
Guess what we hate to like poison Mo
Your show sucks too
And I'll hate you if I die
About
No
Psychopsyscube, Ben engaged in a paper ladet.
Hello, hello, I'm a cranky homophole.
Not that I mind it, but I'm way too old.
I bet the size might be an embed.
In a trist with peddlers, my man friend did it.
I'll kiss and make up with Jinder some day here.
And then ask him to rate my pun.
Now there and over again.
Though I would not deal with more spools.
And I would not be ashamed about a Jinder and more gay union.
Just bold and then stroking away.
Boy, baby, kill me, you're not my type.
It sounds like a nine-year-old kid.
Only a macho-menly guy.
You don't know.
That makes me flip my wig.
If Jinger was a lover of mine,
I'd bury my boldest baby now.
Inside his pimply rear end today.
No, I would not be a sport home.
Now!
If I was not a closet of fame,
That's why a Jinger and more gay union
would make me feel giddy and gay.
Everybody follow my thousand calls.
Yeah, Jinger and more gay union.
What make my swirl pony ass feel safe?
If we had a Jinger and more gay union,
That he wouldn't have to get me raped.
Absolutely.
155 at 560 WQAM.
And a mad dog is sitting by.
He'll be along next.
Licking his wounds from Sunday.
And again, too.
George was to apologize.
I apologize.
For correcting me.
I make enough legitimate mistakes.
Am I without you creating ones for me?
Okay.
I make many mistakes.
Usually one of them is like sitting my ass down here at 730 in the morning.
But Oregon voted for Gore.
Not for Bush.
In 2000.
Not according to the map I had.
Well, I don't care what the map says.
I'm reading it right here from CNN.
And they don't make mistakes, Mr. Democrat wins.
And I got the list right here.
Okay. Oregon, seven electoral votes.
Are you looking at the right, is the map?
Let me get back at it.
Oregon is like right south of Washington,
right?
No, no, no.
Yeah.
It's just between California.
I beg your pardon?
Oh, look at that.
Yeah.
I got it.
No, no, because when you put the mouse over it, it gives you the breakdown.
Yes.
But it's colored in red.
And then when you put the mouse over it, this box pops up.
And it says Gore, 719 165, and both 712 705.
Oh, pretty close.
7000 votes.
I mean, they're like 47% to 47% but nevertheless, they've got it colored wrong on this map here.
Color me wrong.
How do you like that?
Now, who is a whose website is that?
ABC.
What an I tell you.
If you're recall back on that horrible day on the call 2001, if you're me call the president,
uh, boy, I sure wish we had that.
But anyway, if you remember, I'm at a ABC was hyperventilating.
Peter Jennings was on there who really blows, and there were made a shamed that he's Canadian.
Mike Myers of Canadian.
There you go.
But, um, talking about how there was another plane hijacked in Seattle.
Right.
It was a rumor.
And of course, it turned out not to be true.
Thank you.
Correct.
I mean, we had more than enough.
But they were just all over the place.
And so finally, we put on what did I put on the year on MSNBC?
I have CNN.
No, I think we put on MSNBC because they wanted us, of course, in the stage to put on Channel 10, which is ABC,
because we had that working agreement with them.
And what has done about stuff like that?
We liked on.
No, we liked Todd Stungham.
That's what the right lot of them said.
He enjoys Todd Stungham, especially on his,
right.
Never less.
So, uh, what am I trying to say?
Oh, ABC don't trust.
It's a full of crap.
No, I do recall.
So you just look on their map.
Now CNN, which I grant you, is just horrible as far as on the year.
But at least on their website, they have some pretty interesting stuff.
Although they did have earlier, Dow hits 10,000.
Or, no, they had Dow passes 10,000.
Is it past 10,000 right now?
I mean, does they want to keep changing it every couple of minutes,
which they don't usually do?
That Dow is 99.74, it's up 8.81.
NASDAQ is down 16, almost 17 points, 1932,
which is good year for FDR.
But other than that, see what I'm saying?
That's my drift.
So I have figured out how a Howard Dean can win the election.
By running?
That would help.
And by getting Corrie's endorsement, which helps in all the unions.
But I'm serious in talking about the electoral votes.
Why don't we get over this thing with the electoral college, man?
Never.
Jesus freaking raised.
I know when it starts benefiting the Democratic Party.
Oh, then that's when we'll say, oh, yeah, they're voting for it.
And the guy that called it a couple of days ago,
it's always that same old crap.
Oh, yeah, we need a Democratic president
and Republican Congress, right?
So that we can have this gigantic, unbelievable,
pork-filled budget that they passed yesterday.
Number one, and number two, so that every right-wing piece of legislation
can get muscled through there, okay?
And they'll have more than enough people to override a presidential veto by any Democrat.
Right, that makes a lot of sense.
No.
No.
Florida?
I mean, we actually won it, so he needs to do that.
Mm-hmm.
I'm not saying he needs to win all of these,
because he can actually lose like Iowa, maybe Illinois, maybe both.
New Hampshire.
He's going to, he's going to sweep all in the wing, including New Hampshire.
Nevada.
Don't win in Nevada.
Tennessee, where Al Gore lost his home state,
Tennessee could, as a possibility,
the only state I see in the South besides Florida.
And West Virginia, which frequently does go Democratic, okay?
If he goes in there and pays off enough people, enough of them cool people.
You see what I'm saying?
Right, those cold people.
Those cold people in West Virginia.
Absolutely.
My dog, who's pretty cool from his trip to New England on Sunday,
is going to rehash and re-examine him.
And I'll tell you one thing, boy, don't pay for your sure-have-been-lucky.
Bye, bye, bye!
I'm going to watch your show on Plymouth's E-M-E-Q-A-N,
Miami for my hangout.
You just pound it silly.
And then whatever comes out, eat it.
