It's phone on what day is it, Broward?
And by the way, to the losers on Cloudy Channel?
The gimmick didn't work.
The gimmick was Asinine.
I appear on a program on network which happens to be carried by Cloudy Channel.
Guess what?
What?
Yeah, our midday guy had a lot of laughs with it.
The laughter ends at some point, my man.
Oh!
And this don't-be-ness perceived ashtick is Asinine.
A lot of trained monkeys on that program.
Had your fun, fun's over, careful, paybacks of bitch.
Oh!
It's coming.
It's coming.
Buckle your seatbelts because when I drop it, what happened in here?
First sheemon 45 was nothing.
Because when I drop the bomb on certain folks here and certain folks elsewhere, it's
going to be painful, baby.
We don't want to get into personalities.
So what does it mean we're not in 10 hours today?
I can't be scared.
If you like that, you're welcome on the day.
25 boys won a motional girl.
Because they beat anymore desperate.
Lying like dogs, she didn't care.
They just want to see her bear.
The bachelor rat, Trista's her name.
And secretly she thinks she's man or lame.
But she tongue them all, these holy guys.
And some even got to rep-hunterize.
She was a cheerleader.
They wanted to run on her.
But they were good enough for her.
When they saw her pretty face, they came to foodie race.
And the only one gets mistaken, tell me.
I'm going to have to go back to the bathroom.
Making me go.
Oh, don't worry.
10 minutes.
I got to have to go back.
Hey, where the hell are you?
I'm Amy's Carlos.
Get your ass out of that sink.
I got to wash these H spots off my hand.
OK, I promise I will.
How are you doing in there anyway?
I am washing my balls.
Forget out of there now.
OK, I promise.
I will.
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
I kind of like a boy with a ball of foam there.
Or like a hardware in your face.
Kind of a sexy.
I like that bowl of your balls.
Yeah, he's coming.
No, no.
You are a very bad man.
You're not my type.
Give me a dollar.
OK.
I'll give you a dollar.
Say, let me give you a hand washing your balls.
No, leave me alone.
I will not be your bitch.
Come on, I'll chop me.
You get used to it.
Please, I have no balls and my mother's car.
Not a single luxury.
I'll give you a dollar.
OK.
Who's the little boy?
Yeah, ow.
What do you got down there?
Some kind of me grand, isn't it?
I can't obviously win.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
I can't get out.
Oh, I'm a monkey.
You're a monkey.
She's a monkey.
Where are monkeys now?
I'm a monkey.
You're a monkey.
She's a monkey.
You're a monkey.
Where are monkeys now?
Swinging, trade, you trade.
Whisk, cream, that's what can shout.
No, response, that's a bell.
That's what we're all on.
Oh, I'm a monkey.
You're a monkey.
You're a monkey.
You're a monkey.
We don't know anything.
We're told because we don't know how.
Don't brush our teeth.
Don't come.
Our hair.
We don't even wear clothes.
We're lost on make you're lazy.
When our fire went on, checks fall.
I'm a monkey.
You're a monkey.
She's a monkey.
He's a monkey.
Where are monkeys now?
We're not well-mannered.
We'll be hid.
We just look to drop straw.
Well, don't some friends.
We'll meet you.
I'm from two.
We are fed.
Then we'll lay down.
We're not friends.
Our butt said, watch you.
I'll turn red.
I don't want to hear a monkey.
She's a monkey.
She's a monkey.
We're all monkeys now.
We wouldn't want to be a dumb cat.
A horse or cow.
We're smelly.
And we like it.
And we've heard the things you said.
Don't come with thin, thin feet of us.
Or we'll listen to your head.
Oh, I'm a monkey.
You're a monkey.
You're a monkey.
You're a monkey.
You're a monkey.
You're a monkey.
You're a monkey.
You're a monkey.
When you say to me.
Please leave me as well.
Can't tell.
Now it's by personality.
That's why we're all monkeys.
I was attacked by the monkey.
He went and named my friend Bunga.
Oh, no, I don't feel safe.
I'm in India!
Oh, I'd rather be in New York than drive a cab!
Thank you, my friend!
Wooo!
Wooo!
Wooo!
Oh, thank you, my friend!
Wooo!
Did you see our ratings for the last book?
Yeah, I know what that is!
Sure!
Could not be obvious!
Watch your back to back!
Play your own way!
No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Watch your back, Pat!
Play your own way!
No more!
I got enough!
I got to think about on top of getting right there, and I don't need a rating that's a minus eight!
Don't care what you do, long as it's understant, you gotta wake a little hotter on the guest you must!
A russian guts to go!
There's a lot of fat producers, you know!
That's right, watch your back!
That's right, watch your back!
Play your own way!
No more, no more, no more, no more, no more!
Watch your back, Pat!
Play your own way!
Play your own way!
Oh, brother, all that blah, blah, I don't understand!
Are you coming from a trough while using both energy?
That big fat, much you made a rating, small!
You just like Clinton, it's all your fault!
And a straight-gip fat ass out!
Well, we'll take the food out of your mouth!
That's right, watch your back!
Play your own way!
No more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more!
Watch your back, Pat!
Play your own way!
No more, no more!
This is what we said!
Play your back, Pat!
Play your own way!
Play your own way!
No more, no more, no more, no more, no more!
Watch your back, Pat!
Play your own way!
Play your own way!
Play your own way!
Who I am!
Yes, Lucky, it does, it's Rocky!
No.
I know one more time if you're up high!
It's just a...
Pat!
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
Oh no!
It's all my bad guys Cover them with perch.
I'm not a bad guy.
浪 fright
For he's gone, there's about some rocks
They lay things to him, and they will go here
How come the rocks are so far?
I'm born in silver, well, more one seems to care
For he's post, him rubber underwear
He still gets the chicks, whittles down his pigs
With his dear him head like stairs
Will it be Sarah or Laura?
Mujo, Allison or Mel?
And when they find out there's more money
Will they still want to ring his bell?
Or tell Jo, who called to help?
He resized in history, right?
Mound there is raindrops
It gives a sense to some real bad times
But career is beginning
He walks on nights of the smoke
In his black leather jacket
Brought those wild winning pills in a joke
Who does everybody hack in?
Oh, he lies
He's dismissed and played what you can call him
And who dies?
Three, nine and nine
And then it's little boy who
He lies again
Baby Madonna, you're a ball to fame
Takes me one whole minute to say your whole name
Baby Madonna, let the best of net
Have you met your uncle Sean and Marron yet?
Which are preferents will be there when you wake up
The post-goman choir of people and the sun
When they see a mother with a makeup
See how they run
Your mommy is Madonna, her brother's made him red
So how she ever gonna get you fresh bed?
I'll be back kids
They still want him this
Do I gotta go?
Hold on the pants
I'm in here
I'm in here
Where is he right now?
Oh
Farnie
Farnie
Farnie
Well you just wait a minute if you...
Oh that was stupid
Oh, Pambus
Oh, she's coming
I'm sorry but there
Come here come kids
So I just heard all the words to hear by the Beatles
Have you listened to so many Beatles tunes lately that you're ready to puke?
We'll hold it under your lunch because there's much, much more when you order Beatles or app
That's right, all Beatles songs known to men won complete volume
Song by the rap stars of today
Here ice cubes do the classic I wanna hold your hand
I wanna hold your hand and slap your motherfuckin head
Bobby Brown, I see Kulio or LL Kool J doing the unforgettable valid
Hey Jude
Hey Jude, shit you f***ing mad
They're all here on Beatles rap
Order today we'll even throw in Yokohama's own arrangements of yesterday
Yeah
Call me out, 1-800-Rap me up
Right, call me out 1-800-Rap me up
If your car's life is over
Go see Pendover
You'll realize what you had was heinous when you hop in and ride your heinous
Oh yeah, you've enjoyed driving Mercury, you loved your Saturn
Now come and dig Uranus
Love that new car smell? Nothing smells like Uranus
The pendability? No one has ever got stuck in Uranus
Take the plunge, now be courageous, Pendover, and ride your Uranus
And if you like a car that holds the road
You couldn't wipe out Uranus if you tried
Uranus, powerful, yet great with gas, neat trunk space
Rest assured you can pack anything in Uranus
And if Uranus is rear-ended, our well-loeb-ricated joints will soften the blow
Come to our showroom and pick out Uranus
And leave that messy paperwork to us
Check out Uranus
Take the dive-life-rag-rude gain is bent over and ride your Uranus
Excuse me, Bill, I'm Robert
Get out, Bill, get out
I'm the new owner
Bill, as you may know, I'm the CEO of Johnson & Johnson Pharmaceuticals
At Johnson & Johnson, we have a standard physical exam that we give all the employees
Could you drop your pants?
Oh my, what sort of underpants are those?
Oh, I'll have to have the wife get me a pair
First, let me ask, are all of your testicles in working order?
The true three that are
Three!
Um, drop your underpants, would you?
Okay
Oh my, that is impressive
All right, Bill, let's move on to the rectal examination
It says here on your chart you had some problems with a past rectal exam
Something about the thermometer getting stuck?
How did you have that removed?
Operation
Ah, surgically removed
You know, Bill, our researchers at Johnson & Johnson have developed a rectal thermometer that self-heats
Should make the exam much more comfortable
I think that was quite an accomplishment on their part, really
Yes, so do we
All right, Bill, if you're ready, we'll begin the insertion
Is there anything you'll need?
You have to have something to hold on to, you know?
Oh, yes, yes, quite right
Why don't you just grip the edge of your desk?
Okay
Oh, you'll want a grip tighter than that?
All right
And I'll just slide it right in
Get out of this hole, okay?
What's that?
Get out
All right, Bill, no need to get angry
Get out!
Bill!
I'm standing on a scale, my weight is off the chart
And I'm hungry for a snack right now
If I had a half a brain, I'd try to slim it down
But the burger king is right, down, down
Morning, noon and night, you will find me
Ordering out to take home
It's those damn golden fries
Wappers and Mac Supercise
Think of taking another cruise through the new drive-through
And now, burnt, very hard
Cut a thigh, high, love junk food
Love junk food
I'm looking for a place, a place to stuff my face
The drive-to-windies is in far
I am just a pig, and my abdomen's a big
I am stuck here in the seat of my car
Morning, noon and night, you will find me
Ordering out to take home
It's those damn golden fries
Wappers and Mac Supercise
Think of taking another cruise through the new drive-through
And now, burnt, very hard
Cut a thigh, high, love junk food
Love junk food
926-560 W. Cremecillal on the morbid side
Yeah, don't you think that bits a little on the morbid side?
It's a little
It's a little morbid, man
Anyway, we'll get to today's pool, which is very, very interesting
At 10 o'clock, as one will do that
And then we'll get into today's pool, and then tomorrow's pool
So everybody get out there, pool, and get ready for a big one
Hey, here's a question for you
Do you need car insurance?
Have you gotten tickets in the past?
And accident, do you have bad credit?
Well, if you answered yes to any of these things, here's what you ought to do
Call this number 1-88506-7283
That's the number 4 Florida First Insurance
They had the current insurance policy plan for everyone regardless of your past record
They've got low down payments to catch you the current insurance you need for the last 35 bucks a month
Call them now, toll free at 1-88506-7283
Florida First Insurance Office requests their family owned and operated with years and eons of experience
Don't forget you deserve the current insurance you need so call now 1-88506-7283
If you need home insurance, life, health or commercial insurance
Florida First Insurance can get you covered
And right now is a special promotion, stopped by any Florida First Insurance location
Get you a quote and you'll get two free casino crews passes
Compliments of Las Vegas style marketing a $60 value, absolutely free
Call 1-88506-7283
Get a current insurance quote from Florida First Insurance to get 2-free
Casino Crews Passes
Don't forget no matter what your car history record is, these people can get you covered
Florida First Insurance for all your current insurance needs
1-88506-7283
We are supporting you 560-7808
You A.M.
Pretty what good brother?
I would rather listen to you fart and hear pretty girls sing, don't ever do it
Build the cars in monocross, the china
She lets out a giggle when he makes it way go
Monocross is not the kind you can do in the behind
But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind
Well he don't know where a stoke goes
I can see how there was some confusion
Between humidor and humid horror
And then I can start the term cedar box
Means saw her naked stars reportedly to go in blind
Now Plains and he was working hard late nights in the over-earth office
Working on a practical joke
He took him back a noodle for an explode in
Loading for a monocross was blowing rings a smoke
Build the cars in monocross, the china
She lets out a giggle every time he makes it way go
Monocross is not the kind you can do in the behind
But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind
Well people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband
Feel that Hillary was wrong
Up in the Lincoln bedroom she was moaning
Morning, how far was doing her with bills old bomb
Build the cars in monocross, the china
She lets out a giggle every friggin time he makes it way go
Monocross is not the kind you can do in the behind
But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind
Well candy is there in her
Yeah, it does master, it's faster
Oh yeah, what you gotta do is take a tip of real love
And put it in a jar
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Oh yeah, what you gotta do in the behind
But a cigar and her vagina she don't mind
As prosecutor for the bright
You're like a Nazi from the O Third Reich
A plittin' anus to find anything
Like women who like it in between
What's your problem, can he start?
Don't you think you got to fight?
Everybody thinks you are like Joseph McCarthy
Did you know that Joe McCarthy was gay?
Look kinda like he can except he never paid
He kept right home, closed by his side
Until he got fired with broken dice
What's your problem, can he start?
It's too bad that we're for old scones
We would wanna take you on
Like Joseph McCarthy
Creep, creep, creep, creep, or
Creep, creep, creep, creep, or
Creep, creep, creep, or
Oh yeah, come on
It's too bad, he winks through film the morning
He's still comin' his back
He couldn't tell the work of art from a whole morning's break
But stuff that's wild and woolly
They come on just to do it
Cause Johnson used to do the job
And he's no longer doing
Touchin' you is a dirty job
Touchin' you is just a dirty job
He'll put you on the ringer
And hate his mouth to die
He'll kick you out of business
Cause he's a right wing guy
He'll break your heart to business
But first he's got to go to live
Cause that's the news that's done it job
And it gets him off to do it
Touchin' you is a dirty job
Touchin' you is a dirty job
Touchin' you is a dirty job
Touchin' you is just a dirty job
And it gets him off to do it
Touchin' you is a dirty job
There's Lady in town
She's another darkstew
And she needs to buy bread that is unleavened
Oi
And she's buying bread that's seven
He's leavened
And the bread is wonder
And the bread is wonder
And the bread is the only one
And the bread is seven
Leavened ocean
White trash
Goi'em
22 till 10 at 560 WQM
It's our big 9 to 10 hour man
This is incredible
And it just flies by
You know what?
It's like that big bus
Anyway here's a fact from a PR Ralph
You're a good post-personal friend
Reacon Ralph
He says I think the 9 to 10 hours
The greatest thing since he invented the light bulb
It's great
Like Tony the Tiger says
For about 15 easin' it
We need that to wake us up from the morning
Snueshow he said
Well it's kind of a transition
Allowed is no question about that
A little more lively than some of the stuff
We're here prior to it
20 well 2 till 10 at QA
And we got what we got today
Look at that nice pristine schedule
I'm on the wrong day
Is it Friday?
We got Jim Maddage at one
As always the mad dog
The Humper in the studio
Finally, Hank Olberg 3 to 7
Sickle Panther people at 7
A Panthers at the Red Wing 7 to 39
That could be really ugly
Eddie K from GA after the game
And Joe and Mark overnight through the 6th and the morning
And then of course
Mo and Guilty
Sturt you day off on that note
6 to 9 tomorrow
On that note
On that note let's tell you about your feet
Just take your treat for a
Take your feet for a real treat
And talk to him on a Mississippi
Anyway Brandy's is celebrating their 25th year in business this year
Any independent family shoestor that lasts that long
Is going to be doing a lot of things right
And they are Brandy's like we've been telling you about for a very long time on his show
Like offering a fantastic selection of men's to women's fabulous
Brand names like Rock Ports, Echoes, Mephisto, Timberland, Clarks, SAS, Floor, Shimon, Lot's More
And then the wide range of sizes for just about any foot no matter how teeny tiny or gigantic men's size 6 to 15
Women's 5 to 12 and widths from the very narrow to the very wide
Bill Mullen is working here
And don't forget the professional sales staff will help you pick out the right styles and then sit your ranch down
And fit those shoes to your individual feet
That's real service baby
And you'll always get that personal friendly service by people who know their crap at Brandy's
With over 40,000 pairs of shoes and stock in their 8,000 square foot megastore
You'll almost never hear a sorry mister or maim or whoever you are
Don't have that in stock, they got it
So when you'd shoes get into Brandy's shoes where there's always a sale or special sales promotion going on like this week
Brandy is a great great place to shop for shoes you'll find them as always
At 12,90 North Federal Highway in Poppedo Beach open daily 9 to 9
Sundays 10 till 5 and don't forget all this week at Brandy's shoes
Take 10 bucks off any shoes priced over $50
This offers good on every famous brand and the store with the exception of SA issues
Going on all this week at Brandy
I am Lord
Is this sports radio 5 City?
You way up
Have a penis. I've never had one I swear
It's an asshole celebration and they're all out on the street
See them on the sidewalk over here then shuffle their feet
That's 40,000 assholes to an asshole from the maid
Step aside good people as the asshole's off for eight
We've got the assholes for freedom
The assholes for fun
The assholes for Jesus
The assholes for guns
The assholes for justice
The assholes for crime
The assholes for assholes
The assholes for all time
We've got assholes making money
We're making all the rules
We've got taken all our jobs
We're filling up our school
Assholes on the water
Assholes in the sky
Sign the system of wanting
When the assholes need to fly
Oh teach you what you tell me
Am I really made to praise?
Am I held my glass or am I just another asshole on the grave?
Assholes get the orders
And assholes grow to vote
Assholes get elected
Because assholes get to vote
I once heard it said
That old assholes never died
They just made a bid
And all we ride
Assholes in the morning
Assholes every night
And all we ride
Assholes to the left
And assholes to the right
The earth
The earth
The earth
The earth
The earth
The sky
The people
And assholes
On the right
You wanted more and you got it.
The mad dog is back singing more duet on the banded sing.
All you do is back airing off with the great singing more pig hits with even more big stars.
The mad dog does them all.
All right, it's an all new British invasion.
With the mad dog singing like a man
The truth is finally out that you managed was truly the fifth people
The mad dog was just a little ambivalent when we asked him if he wanted to do it again.
So we had Luke the Broughtsy Pam a little visit and tell him either his brains or his signature would wind up on the contract.
That's kind of a bitch's cute.
And it's sick.
About you knew available now if you move quickly.
I'm exhausted.
At least that's what my people say.
If you have to lock around these boots all day.
There's more to it.
More than a nervous breakdown.
I think there's something you should know.
So here I go.
When my dear comes along.
Need the way to fill my phone.
I just love to get so high.
It's the cold and crack I buy.
So when all my stash is gone.
I'll be pale and won't belong.
Straight to my hospital room.
When my dear comes along.
Man and girl, what she was grand.
Wanted to be in my rock and roll band.
She tried singing and I had to conclude.
She didn't know none of our tunes.
She couldn't play the drums or the guitar.
But I told her I'd find her a part.
I'm zit my pants shoulder, my instruments.
Wanted to see if she could play a few legs.
She can play it made.
Like a cousin, she can play it made.
La la la la.
She sounded so great.
And that's how that girl became a member.
Just home in a way.
Home that instrument I found in our.
After that, she took a shower.
She couldn't carry a note in a bag.
But what a player, the best that I've had.
She can play it made.
Like a cousin, she can play it made.
La la la la.
She sounded so great.
And that's how that girl became a member.
Just home in a way.
It's stammer time.
Yeah, skip down with the man who put the disc.
And his functional.
M.C. stammer.
It's the album that's spotted its way to the top of the charts.
Please hammer, don't hurt yourself.
Yes, say it.
You get unable to touch this.
Have you seen?
Beard her.
And the stammer's latest mass.
You got to.
But critics agree about M.C. stammer.
Bill Boyd says, speed it out.
M.G.V. says, that's easy for you to say.
And Ebony says, say what, homie.
All the hell.
Please hammer, don't hurt yourself.
Available everywhere on CD's record and tape.
Take.
Take.
Take.
All right.
Oh, we're fine.
You call that penis?
No.
People are watching women are staring at their green hooves and deer.
But I'm not sharing some say his brain lives.
And I'm not talking.
Not much to look at.
But I ain't looking for smells just a little too much.
To that's all a little too close.
His mouth is just a little too long.
But while they've grown in, I've built them on and done it.
And he's got a really big travel travel.
Yes.
He's got a really big travel travel.
Roy.
That's what can make me just whisper shout.
He's got a really big travel travel.
Roy.
He's got a really big travel travel.
He's got a really big travel travel.
He's got a really big travel travel.
But shit, oh, no.
Hi, my name is Slim Shady.
I know I got a lot of haters out there.
But now it's time for me to give back to the kicker community.
I got a plan to avoid war in the Middle East.
Yo, George Bush is a dumb who's saying she just do get out on the mic.
Like I did in my movie eight miles.
All right, all right, first up.
My man, she's bush.
She's bush, throw it down.
W is what they dubbed me.
Don't be a dummy.
I'm bombing you through your gas so I can fill up my humbie.
Not finishing you off was the only mistake my dad had.
When I'm done, Baghdad will fit in my handbag.
Hold me, don't go.
Go, George Bush.
It's so sad for you, baby.
Bruch in the bush, bruch in the bush in the bush.
Bruch in the bush, bruch in the bush in the bush in the bush.
Hello, baby, bro.
Yeah, well, at least they drop in bombs on the mic and not on us.
Yo, so let's get this together.
Then maybe the world could stop blaming his problems on me.
Tick, tick, tick, Slim Shady.
Now, 56, 56, that would have been a good no-way.
Can I ask you, are you getting the tax credit for your SUV?
No, but Ayada.
Well, there you go.
I use it for my business.
Exactly. And a lot of monkey business, too, when you're a trained monkey.
Anyway, that's our nine to ten hour just, I don't know, flies by.
Now, I've got two faxes, a couple of them they like it,
and then we got somebody who hates it.
But we'll get to her momentarily.
And the 10 o'clock hour, once we get into the real show.
Is it over already?
It's over already.
Aw.
I'll tell you what else is over the holidays.
No more Christmas, no more Chanukah, no more New Year's.
Kids are back in school, and a lot of you have gotten as fat as...
Ow.
Ow.
A couple with the humidity and suffer of the weight gain is unbearable,
especially, you know, a couple of months when it starts getting really hot.
And you start sweating all over the place, and you can't even get up and walk.
It's time to treat yourself, lose weight, and get healthy again.
Balance for life is the way to do it.
And of course, look at the beast.
The beast is looking almost human now, and now it's your turn,
almost being the operative word.
He's getting there.
Of course, some of the way did go into his head.
Don't forget no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie,
or recounting no carb counting.
It's simple.
Balance for life combines the knowledge of the zone diet, which is mighty complicated,
with special emphasis on the glycemic values of carbohydrates,
which controls your sugar levels.
And they deliver right to your door at your home, at your office,
where we are by 6 o'clock every morning, a little black sack.
And your very important black sack, are three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks,
and there they are, all the food you need for the whole day.
And believe you me, you'll never go hungry.
Everything is made with the freshest, the finest ingredients,
and you get to pick between two choices for each meal every day that you're on the program.
Try it for at least a week or two, because believe me, once you start eating this great food,
you realize how easy, convenient, and simple it is to really lose weight,
the effective, safe, delicious way with balance for life, not some kind of quackery,
not some kind of magic potion, and certainly not some kind of frozen-their-pre-fat foods in a box.
Let balance for life help you lose that weight and get back to good health again.
I look a lot better too.
Call them today, 9-5-4-568-3-2-29.
9-5-4-568-3-2-29, or check them out on the web if you like it.
Here's 4-2-5-6-6-8-2-A-M.
Look over here.
Oh, man.
This is a very good thing, because you know, sell them three by four, you know,
and then you'll know that they're no longer the same way.
I can't afford it.
I tell you, man, I'll do a crazy.
We sell them right, we sell them.
We sell them right, we sell them.
I didn't do nothing.
I bought them a knife, but I didn't do nothing.
I'm so, so, I'm going to tell you, we sell them right, we sell them right, we sell them.
You know, when they call them, we sell them.
You know, bubbles are the same way.
You know, bubbles are the same way.
I didn't do nothing.
So, what am I to do with that, you know, you have to say, man,
I want to make sure you don't talk to me, you know, I don't do nothing.
I'm not doing nothing.
I'm not doing nothing.
I'm not doing nothing.
I'm not doing nothing.
I'm not doing nothing.
I'm not doing nothing.
I'm not doing nothing.
I'm not doing nothing.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm not doing nothing.
I'm not doing nothing.
I'm not doing nothing.
I'm not doing nothing.
I'm not doing nothing.
I'm not doing nothing.
I'm not doing nothing.
I'm not doing nothing.
I'm not doing nothing.
I'm not doing nothing.
I'm not doing nothing.
I'm not doing nothing.
I'm not doing nothing.
I'll show you why I'm not doing nothing.
I'll show you why I'm not doing nothing.
I'll show you why I'm not doing nothing.
I'll show you why I'm not doing nothing.
I'll show you why I'm not doing nothing.
Big breath That's funny What's going on?
So anyway, just never stops with him, doesn't he?
And I would explain to him, I'm thinking to myself,
god, have we played that a million times before?
It's not.
It's just like that, didn't it?
It's just like that, didn't it?
Little bit.
sure did a little bit. Oh man. I thought that's it verbatim. Anyway, O.J. Simpson,
teenage daughter, placed a tearful 9-11 call after a quarrel with her famous father this month,
complaining about her father's attitude and asking if a constitutive abuse had died County police.
Sydney Simpson's 17-fold police from the Kendall Homes she shares with their father
and 14-year-old brother at 11.30am, January 18, according to a one-page incident report. Now,
in the brief and often unintelligible 9-11 call, Sydney 17, an honor student,
got over prepencural gables, sobbed while describing her father as an unloving
and the hero just says, A, blank blank, like, asshole. She says she no longer wanted to live with them.
How come they can't put asshole on a hero? They're afraid I might reflect poorly on them.
They're afraid that if they looked in the mirror, some of those people over there, they might see one.
She later said her father told her none of his kids make him miserable except for me.
She asked the dispatcher if that's not like an abuse thing. She did not ask for police
help said they'd police. But when the call abruptly ended, police following department policy
regarding interrupted emergency calls said officers to the Simpson home for how many times we
don't know we can't count. According to the incident report, police found Sydney in her bedroom upset.
When you get upset, the police come to your house? Well, me.
The team then told officers that she and Simpson got into an argument over family issues.
After she calmed down, Sydney agreed to leave the residence to defuse the situation and return later,
said the report. Police did not report any signs of violence. No charges were filed. It was unclear
if the report, if Simpson was inside the home. Simpson had turned the yellow galanter. Yanta told the
AP on Wednesday that his client was listed on the report. Only because he's the homeowner, not
because he was present, necessarily. There was nothing that occurred, but I do know as Mr. Simpson
wasn't there, he said. Sydney and a younger brother, Justin, are Simpson's children, the slain ex-wife,
Nicole Brown Simpson. You know the one that he's still looking for the murderer? Simpson was
acquitted of the murders of his Emma. We know that. He continued to make headlines after moving to
date. Counties successfully beating a road rage rap in October 2001. Two months later, he was again
at the center of controversy when federal agents served a search warrant and his candle home looking
for evidence relating to an alleged drug ring, money laundering and a stool and satellite equipment.
The former NFL superstar was not charged with any crime underline that the former NFL superstar
because at this station that makes a lot of difference. And in November, he once again made
courthouse chatter. Simpson paid a $130 fine for speeding through a manatee zone in a powerboat.
How did we miss that one? Did we miss that or did we have it? No, we just glossed over it.
Yeah, it's not better to get with it, Mr. O. He's small potatoes now. It's right, but he is a
former NFL superstar. I forget about that. How can I? Here's the result to yesterday's pool.
Now isn't it amazing? What percent do I always tell you we have a bush-luckers? I mean, right
way. I mean, conservatives out there in this audience. 18. Little over 18%. We asked yesterday,
the president's state of the union speech was and we had 1,357 votes. Didn't watch it 436 of us
said that, including me, 32.1%. Why bother? Were there any surprises? Did we get exactly what we
knew we were going to get? Evidently. From what I'm hearing, the usual bull-crush myth they all
do, 368, 27.1%. It was outstanding, 250, 18.4%. How do you like that?
Thank you, Blake. This debt's consistent number, man. Pathetic, 145. Okay, 103 people said.
Okay. And 55 said it was weak out of 13.57. I don't know where to start because we got the
CBS News Sex Survey, which is going to lead into our pool today about how your pool is doing.
But before that, here's a couple of facts. Here's one that says, Neil, I've listened to you
show for many years now and next week, I'll be leaving you a barc on a new career in the
trucking industry. Well, good luck to you, Joe. You old trucker. Just wanted to say a thing
or two before I left. You're not going to like this. Oh. And regard to the pool about Georgia,
today, something was left out of my opinion. I think George does a fine job when you're not there,
although he does a needle-dune, you're type showing instead of his own stick. Hey, stick to your own
stick. Please. But he's often informative and opinionated with suits, suits his style. The thing
he does, which is annoying, though, is makes smacking and slurping noises on the ear. A technique
he obviously learned from Mr. Ego, aka, what's his name? I'm not talking about the kind of noises
you make when you're cozzling down food into the mic. I love the way he spelled that, by the way.
Very good, Joe. I'm talking about smacking his lips and swallowing. They does constantly throughout
his show. Stop swallowing, will you? He blames it on flim from allergies or something similar to
that. But the obvious question is, why doesn't he go to a doctor and do something about it?
A radio personality, a radio personality that doesn't speak clearly and succinctly is akin to a
surgeon with Parkinson's disease. Tell him to take whatever he has in his mouth out and enjoy it
after the show. Take whatever you have in your mouth out and enjoy it after the show it says.
Another thing is something he once said about hockey being, well, I'm not going to debate that,
because your comments here are so ass-in-eye. Do you know that many football players could
survive an 80-game season with a ball on their right? They would kill most human beings,
trying to say that because they only play 16 games in the hockey's about 80, which they play
82, but therefore football is much tougher than just ask a German and she says, no, no thanks.
See, football, they play offense, they play defense, they don't play both.
Hockey, they go out there and they skate like a son of a bitch and then they go back to the bench
for a couple of minutes. They come back out there and do it all over again and it goes on non-stop.
Not with these long, long pauses where they run one play, then they go back to the huddle,
they hold hands with each other, they go, you know, okay, and then they, the quarterback claps
and they all clap and they all got to clap. I mean, come on, Joe, don't be a silly person. Will you please?
And as far as conditioned athletes are concerned, do you think that any of those big fat tubs or
crap who are supposedly athletes, the linemen and the NFL that they could play hockey or any other
real sport get out of here? Crazy person, Joe. But anyway, it says, take care and we'll see you on
XM radio. I don't think so, Joe. Look at it like that. And thanks for taking the time to send us
all the straight facts now. Although, that doesn't have anything to do with the 90 to 10 hour.
So we have like one each. Now, we're going to take a pull on it eventually, but certainly not tomorrow.
It's not soon enough, right? Right. Maybe next weekend, next Friday, two to weekend.
I think they had a week to digest it and spit it out like you had it with that cough drop if I was
you. Spit it out. Enjoy it after the show. When it's like, kind of, here's Cheryl, who's a chronic
factor who says, for the first time since I started listening to you, I find myself clicking
through the channels, yuck. I enjoy the bits, but only when they're scattered throughout your show.
Scattered. Scattered. The choices out there are awful. You have Howard Borristern, the home team,
which is a former stripper, teamed up with a little guy with a Napoleon complex, not for me.
Bob and Tom, I'm going to listen to a continuous lap track loop. They think they're way more
funny than they are. Of course, on the A&M, don't you have your right wing wackos? I love Bob and Tom.
And I think they're just as funny as they think they are. Anyway, she says, my vote is for you to go
back. Wait until you hear this. And this fits right in, see? My vote is for you to go back to the
bedtime stories, interspersed with vets is fine. Thanks for being there for our entertainment.
A big fan, Cheryl. How do you like that? Go back to the bedtime stories.
No. Hey, I hate to break the news to you, sweetheart. That isn't going to happen.
Let me tell you how many chances there are of that happening. How many?
On a scale of five trillion. None. The big. Then ain't going to happen, sweetheart.
We can't afford to have demographics 90 plus. Okay. And I don't want to knock you because you're
interested in what's going on in the world. Go to our website, neo-rangers.com. You'll see a lot
of fantastic stories on there, which I would waste the time and take the time to sit here and read
on the air located for months and months and months. But the fact of the matter is most people are
out there. That's not what they want. And if you're like, you know, you got an Italian restaurant,
you don't serve steak. Am I right? Right. You don't serve french fries and an Italian restaurant.
You don't serve sushi and an Italian restaurant. And on this Italian restaurant, we serve mostly
entertainment, Cheryl. So lighten up just a little bit. And if you don't like the 90 to an hour,
maybe you'll have some company. We don't know yet. It's too early. It's in its infancy. We're going
to check with the Ray-Lions. We'll hold the press conference and see what they say about it.
I mean, can you believe that they actually went through that thing with a dog and pony show with a
judge in court who finally throws up his arms in there. Oh, well, you know, we have no jurisdiction.
And there's probably no baby anyway. Adi, Adi, Adi. Oh, no, Schmidt. Now they said one of the babies
is in Israel. Do you see that? No, I didn't. I don't know if he's circummisspect or not.
10 past 10 at 560 WQM. It's a great Thursday here at the home of hysteria. And believe me,
this place really is. Where's that new copy that Skippy was going to bring me in here?
Skippy that brought in our new sales guy, but I knew guy. It seems like a nice guy. He has no
idea what he's into, you know. He has no clue. They never do. And Bill Mullin works over there and
they, oh my god. Can that be the same Bill Mullin that we used to work with at IOD? The way to?
Oh, no. He's an asshole. That can't be the same one. And what do he
has in dark and dark or yet? Because if it were, I mean, when you work with somebody for years,
and then they come and work on another station in the same place, wouldn't you think just out of
common courtesy? They would come in unless, of course, he doesn't like us. He probably just
doesn't like you is what it is. I'm sure he likes me a lot. Right. I love it after 10 at 5,
60 WQM. We all have different lifestyles, Mr. Mullin. Therefore, you need different products to
make you feel better and be a lot healthier. Oliomeds Mediterranean formulas are advanced
combinations of pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with all kinds of good stuff. They're in
there vitamins, minerals, herbals, other nutrients specifically and scientifically designed
to provide natural nutrition solutions to help you support specific health needs. Look for
Oliomeds three new formulas they have want to help you sleep, want to help you control your weight
and coq 10, which is spectacular for your heart. Very important. Oliomeds also got supplements to
roll health in your circulatory system. Your digestive, your endocrine system, your skin
and bones, even your mind. All using the benefits of the finest olive oil that money can buy.
They make products for men and you ladies out there as well, even churro. Oliomeds and
outstanding product you'll find at publics, Walgreens, uh, records and food, whole food markets,
picks them up today. If you'd like to get more information about their products and what they can
do for you and where to stick them, call tool free 1 866 Oliomeds. That's 1 866 65 360
633 also you can order their products online obviously at oliomedamerica.com. And don't forget
during football season during dolphin season, which is only about a hundred months away, visit
their sampling provision at sports time every Sunday too. Start feeling great today with Oliomeds.
My, I love this is sports radio by city.
Got two sets of lips. Hey young man. Listen, I've seen you hanging around my house and I
have something I want to talk to you about. Listen here now. I'm going to put it this way.
Wasn't you who did the push and put the stains upon the cushion. Put prints on the dashboard
upside down. Hey, what? Who wasn't you? You Braco Bill been messing with my daughter Jill.
If it was you'd better leave this town. Well, yeah.
Yes, was I who did the push and put the stains upon the cushion. Put prints on the dashboard upside down.
Yeah. Yeah. But since I'm missing with your daughter, I've had trouble passing water so I guess we're
even all around. Why you come over here? Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
That's 17. But I haven't played that in water about 400 years. I love that.
And even sounds better than I thought it did. I thought it was a little on the money side, a little
mushy. Anyway, here's the fact from Bill who says what's up with Jill Rosen is spots.
It sounds like he's re-recorded all of his commercials, but now he's speaking as though he's
actually talking to adults, no high-pitched screaming, no sport-whole yelling and panting and
sounding like he's running toward the end zone as he reads the unbelievably lame copy. Did he finally
realize how retarded he sounded? Now, I thought as soon as I saw the first couple of words in his
facts that it was going to be about Joe Stumbling and Fumbling in at last spot that we played
this moment ago. And the fact that he didn't edit it or he didn't redo it, you know what I'm saying?
I thought that's what it was going to be. Bill also says, by the way, I heard somebody say
Oli-Okin in Demo and he thought it was a breakfast commentant, condiment, condiment.
Very cute Bill, just get it straightened out, went it down. Anyway, CBS News has got this sex
survey, are you average? With Valentine's Day right around the corner of the thoughts of some of
us, our team, the chocolate champion, what's so with Carlos, by the way? Is he out needing chocolate?
So, no, maybe he's having a smoke. I'm sure it's got to be along. What's he doing, smoking a whole
pack? Just let the whole thing on fire? Well, he's got to do cigarette for play first.
I see. What's with where's he sticking at? With Valentine's Day right around the corner,
the thoughts of some of us are turning to chocolate, champagne, and sex. The reason I say that
is because I'm sure that Carlos probably isn't thinking of any of those. He's washing the dishes.
He's taking a bath on the sink with Mulligan. Maybe he liked it the first time. But the average
American ready to turn up the heat in the bedroom is the is it? February 14th, that's the question.
The folks at sexualwellbeing.com decided to find out, conducted a national survey that asked
about their sex life. Their sexual styles, the sexual styles of their mates and far more.
Dr. Sandra Scatling, who is probably scantily clad, a licensed sex therapist visited the early
show on CBS to talk about the results. You know, the CBS early show that nobody watches, that's the one.
Americans appear obsessed with sexuality, be it movies advertising on the fashion runways.
However, overall Scatling says Americans are relatively tame in the bedroom and give themselves
a great of C in their sexual prowess according to the survey. They rate themselves as only average
lovers giving themselves an average of seven on a scale of one to ten. Scatling says Americans
rate themselves average in bed because they may be comparing themselves to pop culture icons
that portray unrealistic images. She says the images of sexually happy, a celebrity sets us up for failure.
Scatling says we have to appreciate who we are, what our lives are, and what our desires are.
She says we should not compare ourselves to what we think we should be. So I'll get to the rest
of that. But here is the poll today based on that. Ready? Ready.
Which of these statements best describes your sex life?
And I've got let's see 369 excellent choices here. Something of the past, sensational.
Okay. Okay. Could be better. Could be a lot better. I'm desperate, weak,
solo or non-existent. I think I covered everywhere from
the night. What about I don't care anymore. We don't want to talk to those people.
Which of these statements best describes your sex life? Something of the past which I think
covers what you just said. Although it's generally geared through the
older set who can't remember how to do it or what was all about just bigly. We're it went.
Something of the past sensational. Okay. Could be better. Could be a lot better. I'm desperate,
weak, weak, solo or non-existent. What's the weak thing mean? Just like as compared to the other ones.
I have to draw you a diaphragm which seems like that's the same as one of the other entries.
Which one? Could be better. No. Okay. Could be better. It doesn't mean it's necessarily all that bad.
But there's room for us to agree. Weak. Weak is like lazy. Lame. In other words, maybe they're getting
away 600 pounds. Pudged up a little bit and smells real bad. And spends a lot of time in the
produce department of publics. Yeah, things like that. Do you follow what I'm saying? Weak, in fact, you're
right. You're asking me. Weak. Anyway, so that's our, some people presume a lot. I don't presume
anything. I don't know what you're getting on the side. When Americans were asked to describe
their sexual style, 85% key positive answer. They described sex as romantic and loving 37%,
attentive in patient 26%, while the adventurous 22%, scantling says only 15% describe themselves
as predictable and boring. When asked to describe their personal sexual styles versus those of
their partner, respondents rated themselves more favorably than their partners, describing
themselves as romantic and loving while more than a quarter rated their partners as predictable
and boring. How do you like that? Like Carlos? He's predictable and boring. Just came waddling back
in and again, probably was out there smoking 5, 10, 15, 20 of faggots. There goes that 25 bucks we gave
to the other day. How about it's all gone by now, isn't it? Long gone. Long gone, man. How much for
a carton now? About 30 bucks? 20 bucks. 25 bucks. Which is what he got? 25 bucks for a carton of
faggot and that's what you got with the 25 bucks we gave you. You ought to be shocked. What else
wrong with you? I could have used that 20 bucks of the track last night. And by the way, I didn't
want to go to the track last night. I don't want to start playing butch boss with fat, rich,
and direct, but I don't want to go to the track last night. It's kind of like while I'm here in town,
I have to be babysitter for some people. I don't want to be anybody's babysitter. I don't like
Wednesdays. There's very little cybercasting of all the nights. I had no interest in being there.
You follow what I'm saying? Have you ever been in a situation where you've been some place
that you really didn't want to be? Like here for example right now. We're thinking about that.
But last night I wind myself up being talked in which it doesn't look like with food. It doesn't
take a lot to talk me into it. And I'm there and I'm like not having a good time at all. You know,
for the honor of watching Rich and his nephew who's becoming rapidly addicted to gambling and
going to sooner or later probably hopefully sooner learn that it's a fool in his money or soon
parted. See there's this gigantic hose that they put through the window at the track.
And what you read what they really would like you to do is take all your money and throw it up
into the air and the hose and what's the race starts like a gigantic vacuum cleaner and you watch
all the money getting sucked out. You see? And you just never see it again. Now I mean some people
once in a while, but I should take it. We always have a great time. Don't get me wrong.
But I didn't want to be there. I thought I was saying if I would have won money last night,
I didn't want to be there. But I'm weak. I'm weak. I'm easily, people lay guilt trips on me. Well,
you know, you're only here for a short time and you've got to be there to hold fat Rich's hand.
No, I don't want to be there to hold fat Rich's. In fact, I don't want to be anywhere holding fat Rich's hand.
See what I'm saying? Maybe side by side hurdles? No. People are like laying all these things out
in too much responsibility. The survey indicates it may be a time for some to spice up,
married sex. Married people are more likely to describe their partner's sexual style as
predictable and boring 32% and less likely to use wild and adventurous as a sexual moniker, only 13%.
Scantling says she thinks people see themselves more creative than their partners. Well, of course,
just like people looking at me are like clearance there and things he's a sex pot and he still can't get laid.
But not interesting how he just happened to open the door at that moment. What do you open the door for?
Doesn't he know what's going on here in this hour? Maybe he was looking for somebody. I think he was looking for somebody.
Like I just said, he can't get laid there. Well, maybe he heard that's bit with Carlos and Moe yesterday.
Maybe he's looking for you, Carlos. Probably has a dollar. Maybe. Maybe you've got two dollars.
And when you're married and sleeping with the same person you're in and you're around
chances are things can get a bit boring. It says here, George. So what do you do then?
Besides go to the swing clubs and get your wife drunk and try to drag her along too.
Scantling says you can add some spice by trying something new, going out on a limb and tasting something
different with more flavors for your partner. What the hell is that talking about? This is on
CBSNews.com. Tasting something different for more flavors with your partner. That's a great idea.
Go taste something different. Rack them. Oh! Scantling says she isn't advocating anything outrageous,
but she does say to experiment a little. She advises couples to go to a little outside,
their realm of comfort because one thing's good, things get comfortable and get really boring.
And that's what you got to stop, she says. In fact, you know something? I think I got the answer
right in here. Oh no. It's not. It is. Oh my god. Big black number. I just dropped all my cramp
on the floor. That's a really bad. Yeah. I just dropped the... wait a minute.
I just dropped all my cramp on the floor. I was whipping out the big black thing named
this is the one that got the be-so excited the other day. Take a look at that thing. Is that dangerous or what?
So you got to try something a little bit different. Don't get boring. Don't get predictable.
Is what it says here. You know, they always say the same cramp. In other words, go out,
get a little strange on the side. Find somebody really hot, you know. How come you're like
spinning your head around a little bit? How was your realm of last night, by the way,
speaking of that? Anybody? You know, real boring and nothing happened. I see.
Yeah. Likely story. Can't imagine who might be listening to the show today. Those tickets sure were popular
though. Not. No, they were actually. Did you actually give them away? Yeah. All of them.
You gave away all the tickets. Everybody gave us. Really stiff. I mean, great costume up there and
pop me to that awful place where you get pneumonia. Right. Oh, better than me. So that's good.
People like stuff free. They don't care how crappy it is. And who's going to be there? Your white snake
and who else? Scorpions. The white snake will be talking with the scorpions.
Doc and I'll be dead. I remember dockin. You do? Yes. Matter of fact, I don't. Yeah.
I'm kidding. Get with it. Stiff. They sucked. Anyway, would you like to take that
out of your mouth right now and enjoy it after the show? Take what?
26 past 10 and 5 60 W. Kim. Looking for the perfect gift to say happy birthday.
Get well soon or be my Valentine. This year's state with a Vermont teddy bear. Just call
1-800-829-Bair. And a friendly bear council will help you choose from over 100 hand-crafted
bears. Personalize just for your loved one and delivered in a colorful gift box with a free gift
cart and chocolate. Look at my little love thing up there now in the bear too. You can choose from
bears like the new baby bear with the baby's name and birthday and brought it on the bib. For
Valentine's Day, tell somebody they light your fire with a new burning love bear dressed like a
fireman who loved had two on his arm. Or like this one I got right up here say I'm wild about you
with a new jungle love bear. He's got like a little tooth hanging down around his neck.
And like a jungle love leotard whatever had you call that thing. What do you call it?
A leopard skin. A leopard skin. Loin cloth? Not a loin cloth. A loin cloth. You must have a long
loin. I'll tell you that. Vermont teddy bear even has got an officially licensed love meat tender
Elvis bear with the Elvis 30 number one hit CD. Bill Mullin is working on this station.
You won't believe the reaction you'll get overnight in Saturday deliveries guaranteed call
1-800-829-Bair or shop online at VermontTeddyBair.com. This year for Valentine's Day or any occasion
like maybe when you might get a little bit lucky. Fun thoughtful and original is the way to go with
a Vermont teddy bear from like I said. Tell them Neil told you to call this toll free number 1-800-829-B-E-A-R
or check them out like I said on the web we can order right there VermontTeddyBair.com.
Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don
Don't 27 have a
You're the most fool.
No!
And I would not be ashamed
About a ginger and more gay union
Just born and been stroking away
Boy, make Kelly your not my type
Yeah!
You sound like a nine year old kid
Hey!
Only a macho-melly guy
You don't know this!
That makes me flip my wig
If ginger was a lover of mine
I'd bury my boldest feigny nose
Inside his hip bleirin'
Ratham!
No, I would not be a sport-old
If I was not a closet of fame
That's why a ginger and more gay union
Would make me feel to be a gay
Everybody follow my thousand balls
Yeah, ginger and more gay union
Would make my swirl pony ass feel safe
If we had a ginger and more gay union
Then he wouldn't have to get me raped
Ho-ho-ho-ho-ho!
10.34.5.60 W.M. Happy Thursday, too
Got a bunch of votes on there already
Which of these statements best describes your sex life?
We got the 58 votes
Pulled this one up only seconds ago
Sensational 11!
Ho-ho-ho-ho-ho! I know who didn't vote on that pool
Could be a lot better, 11
Could be better, 8
Something of the past, 8
Okay, 7
Solo, 6
Non-existent 4
On desperate 2 and week 1
So you thought we couldn't get any
1
Said it's pretty weak
So it's kinda like...
Like that
Limp
Been over like a...
Curly-cue
They have pills for that now
7 and 10 Americans have been having fantasies
68% of women, 71% of men ranging from swinging with other couples
Having sex in public places like out here on the street corner
And in role playing
Ho-ho-ho!
You know, like kind of dressing up getting on the internet and pretending to be
Griseldah
Little bo-peepin Hitler
However, 30% say they're not fantasizing at all
See how right
Ha!
Scanling says many Americans don't see themselves wanting to be naughty or risky
She says if you broaden your definition of fantasy
It doesn't have to be out about swinging or having sex in public places
Chances are you'll be able to accept it more
Again having mild fantasies doesn't necessarily mean that you're naughty
Scanling says it just means opening your...
Mind up to new things and allowing yourself to be a bit more mentally free
So open up your...
Mind
First start, rhymes with B
Backed them
Despite stereotypes men are more likely 62 to 56% than women
To describe a good sexual experience as one that ends in laying in each other's arms
Ah...
Isn't it sweet?
Ha!
Ha! Ha! Ha!
Scanling says there are tons of sensitive men
She explains that all of these sensitive men who have had this macho idea
Part of their heads think it's bad to be sensitive
No women, she says all of these sensitive men have had this macho ideal
Pounded other heads and they think it's bad to be sensitive
Like Miguel for example, there's a good example
WAM Bam and you know...
He's just got them lined up
That's why his mattress is...
He needs a new mattress by the way
She explains that it's tough for men to want to be physically intimate without sex
She says it's about talking more communicating more and being open about your feelings with your partner
So you can both get everything you want
Well if you're both going to get everything you want probably there are other people lined up at the door
and you're ready to come in after the conversation
If it's going to be your thing that you want, of course in your case
When I asked what would improve their sex lives besides maybe a different partner
Americans volunteered that they think a better body 37% would do it
Yeah I think so
How about we put like...
I got an idea
Call up the cloney the Raylion people
And what we're going to do is like we're going to put my brain and heart
Now maybe not my heart either, it's pretty old
It's like brain into Miguel's body
I'm going to swap brains with Miguel
So we can be like no even be a great talk show host and I can look like you for a couple of weeks
Huh? What would be wrong with that?
I think a better body would help me a lot
That's what Carlos said get out of here
Go see Mulligan okay maybe he'll serve as you again and it'll happen to you sink
More leisure time 29% said would help their sex life
A better bedroom atmosphere 18%
And more sexual knowledge slash know how 17% would be beneficial
Scanling says it's a myth that if we have a fabulous J-Lo body in other words a big fat sex will be better
She says beauty does not equate to great sex
That's for an answer because if it did a lot of us would be out of luck as well
Yeah, I'm not looking at anybody special Carlos but oh man
Woo
Scanling says curling with your partner could be the best medicine if you're stressed
It has nothing to do with the quality of a time spent
Nothing to do with the quantity it's the quality of time spent
Business try yeah, right because this is the way Americans answer polls
Most people answer polls with what they think you want politically correct to say
Right? Of course let's expect it to say
Paddle she says we need to stop thinking of sex or intimacy as a marathon
Why is that? Scanling says she sees it as more of a buffet
Now we're talking honey more of a buffet
How do you talk the the sexual buffet?
However I can have a little appetizer have a little dessert she says you don't have to have everything inside for a pleasurable experience
Have a little dessert she said I don't think she was thinking about it
Correct!
Oh my George was
Cherry's
Close to half of the men well don't say cherry's right away start thinking about I think of a hotpot Sunday
And since the Carlos no like chocolate I think of those chocolate covered cherries
Yeah those little bond bonds
Not into those that much
I like to regularly
In fact I could take a bottle of Merchino cherries and just not only eat all the cherries out of it
Which are artificially dyed by the way and very bad for you
Also drink the juice out of that whole thing
Oh my god am I right?
Pure sugar and it's like like taking a syringe full of sugar putting into your veins
But in other words you don't agree that it's delicious
You couldn't drink the whole
Oh come on
I could
They taste like the dye to me
Yeah
Those are Merchino cherries
That's the one with Yanuki
Yeah
You're full of crap
I'll tell you right now it sounds great a nice hotpot Sunday on Rocky Road
Or fish food
With just surrounded by Merchino cherries right from the jar you're talking about
With a little bit of that sauce drizzle on it
I'll take the milk and a whole bunch of whipped cream on top
Hot sludge or melted butter
Or maybe some marshmallow would be good
Oh man like in a big fat
Ah
Yeah all you people out there all you skinny people we can't stand you we despise you
We hate you like poison Carlos
Five and a local
This is five cities
The reuse of yours is not a huge deal
Q&M
I'm over here
One ninety five at the local pet store
Busy and cute
Who could ask for more through the journal
Yeah
Do the journal
All right
Bestamp pack your ever gone home
When we got here it's Richard here with the gerbil in the tube and the matches here do the gerbil
Do the gerbil
Bestamp pack you'll ever want to home
Oh
You could have a puppy
You could have a pussy cat
But when you got a gerbil
You'll go where is that?
It's one out
One for flaws
Choose the one with the night it's flaws through the gerbil
Up to the gerbil
Wow
Bestamp pack you'll ever want to home
Pen 45 560 WQM
Don't miss the gym and eh eh eh eh
It's this room again you know it
I'm starting to get all gagged and choked up in here
How come it's not in there?
Fate
Oh
Justice or maybe because you're sucking on those cockroaches
Maybe
Don't miss the gym manager and gober show today when you hear the sound of a hockey goal
Be the fifth color of the contest line 800 227 05 60
Put it a pair of tickets to a panties home game you'll be qualified to win ticket
No now you played that and I'm not supposed to call now
No this is a demonstration of what they're listening for
That was for demonstration purposes only
Be the fifth color of the contest line
1 800 227 05 60 to win a pair of tickets to a panties home game
And you'll be qualified to win tickets to the NHL all star game on Sunday
That's during the gym manage and hang goal berg to berg into hockey intensive shows
It will be doing that
Well you said it's a great idea
During two very hockey intensive shows and the sound of that goal
Is like that
So be less than this afternoon and okay to our guys our pysoons
A growing number of scientists they present bushes of administration is distorting the scientific advisory process
By pointing conservative ideologues to panels that are supposed to be impartial
Ah!
They fear the appointments are politically motivated
And meant to delay decision making affecting controversial areas such as the environment abortion and workplace safety
Administration officials say they're merely looking for a diverse to use and accused the critics themselves of playing politics
One potential appointee marketing consultant HIV patient Jerry Thacker is we told you on the show days ago
With your was name after a wide media barrage of coverage of controversy surrounding his nomination
The man who was writing and raping about the gay plague
Jerry Thacker
Close to half the men surveyed 44% to get back to this obviously you know we want to spend a lot of time on this heavy duty
44% of the men say they want sex more than their partner does
Scantling says this would be news to many women since nearly a third of them say they're a perfect match with their partner when it comes to sex drive
Yeah they think
Well that's because they don't know about their partner what they're doing on the outside George
She says if people started thinking about and appreciating all the other stuff aside from the physical act itself
The intimacy the closeness the deep bond those numbers would be far different
Because sex when it's good she says it's not about the physical act it's about to bond between two people
See this is another one of those she reminds me of the dietitians. It's the same thing crap
Maybe for her it is or maybe for some of the people she knows or maybe for about 10 people or who knows
For some people it is for some people it's not some people like hot food Sundays other people don't like chocolate
These people that want to define it for everybody right that's what this bitch is doing to be teased
Just because she's scantily clad and spends a lot of time in the cucumber department what the hell does she know
When it's good it's not about this act it's about the physical bond between the two people
Sometimes it is and sometimes it's not sometimes it's hot sometimes it's lukewarm like that porridge with the three beers
That's basically what life is all about kind of like working in this place now when it gets hot we don't know yet
So far it's been lukewarm tempered at best but that's just the way this outfit is
How many votes we got on that pool which of these statements best describes your sex life
121 votes could be a lot better 24 could be better 20
Okay 17 sensational 15 I guess the sensational people voted right away and now they're busy doing it
Huh doesn't that make sense sure if that's that great they must be doing it right now something of the past 15
Solo 12
Non-existent 8
Week 6 and I'm desperate for now of course we ordinarily more and say well if your desperate sent us a picture
But quite frankly if you're desperate I think we need the picture right yeah we know why we if it just like a Carlos and probably those four people are very very close to Carlos
And curing those of
Well don't be so verbose
Sugar risk and make you okay let's not give the thing here because then we might get some causal that maybe not I don't really care today
I'm just in two of bizarre of a mood this whole place is just psychotic
Here is the fact we got was yesterday since self-vote only has a classic rock station that plays the same tired
War now 20 rock songs and an alternative news rock new rock station plays nothing but crap
That's right in fact on the FM band in this market that's about 90% of what you're not just on one station
But all the stations pure unadulterated around the clock
Why not do a pull on favorite rock bands that should be getting more airplanes but don't so let's even though we got the sex pole up there for today
We'll build the pool for tomorrow
What could be more fun the building a pool?
Then maybe having a real one says here who cares about hip hop or
Sisters salsa it says I don't care about s is salsa even are my
Chips which I can use it joking although the baked chips the ones that you hate so much
Yeah, I don't know how you could say that you've never had lays baked potato chips. Yeah, I have I'm talking about
ones are pasties. Oh
So good. Yeah
As opposed to the kind of you like that are so salty man fried
So when you when you eat the kind of you like it's like licking a salt look you feel like a deer in the headlights
Like the president looks all the time. You just how you fucking your heart. That's how you know. It's good
You feel that oh
His vote by the way or its vote whoever said the facts was AC DC
So that's where I'm gonna be tomorrow's and we'll take some suggestions because I don't have any
Because I'm gonna listen to radio here anyway period. What's the point? I do monitor the most show in the morning on the way in
And that come in I look at that phone man
Whoo like that valley days
It was really desolate all morning long every time I went out there to take a leak as I turned that corner
Although Moe did eyeball me one time when I was turning the crowd. I guess he was checking out my outfit. I didn't like the no shirt mo
And the new pants pantaloonies
What rock fans do you think should be getting a lot more air play in South Florida is gonna be our pull question tomorrow
Which are nearly we don't do it ahead, but this is the only we're gonna like build it right sure we're building it
AC DC
Is the one okay somebody did call yesterday with a suggestion, but I have no idea what they say. I forgot what was it we don't know
Journey, um, I don't know
How about foreigner?
Okay, I love foreigner and it's not just that I love them
But I don't I don't hear it because I'm not listening
But who the hell in this marketplace foreigner cold as ice you'll hear once in a great while
That's about it and like everything else just it you like you'll hear and you'll hear one song by a group that you're like a lot
And then they play it so much you might have paid in the song and then the rest of the group songs that you may love
You'll ever hear them like the cars with a hundred good songs. They play let's go. That's right
And as soon as they play let's go I do do another spot on the dial
Like what Cheryl does when she hears our nine to ten hour in the morning. She doesn't like she wants us to go back to bedtime stories
No chance honey. No chance
And I understand that we got that small percentage out there. It's too small, man
That's what they're telling me too small who want to hear the bedtime stories like these guys here
We'll lie a lot and even Miguel. Oh, yeah, that's great. We're really interesting stuff bull crap
They don't want to hear that though. They want to hear crap. They want to hear us say crap on you or a lot
We got Lynn Samuels listening up there on the internet. She wants to hear he's an asshole. That's right
At least two three four five hundred times a day and that makes them happy. That's all they want
They want a bunch of intellectual crap. What are they gonna? What are they gonna get intellectual from us?
Are we intellectual no or much of slabs over here? That's all we like to eat we like to get laid whatever the hell it is
Talk with a cop at our mouth. Talk with a cop at our mouth. I
There you go. You don't even have a cop drop. You're on all of them in there. What can you got you got to die ones that make you I could use those okay
I'm a little plugged up if I can say that probably from all that extra food
I mean you get to a doctor and fix your problem instead of doing a radio show with
Okay, you're gonna fill in yeah
AC DC and for her that's the beginning of our list. I'm sure it'll be a sensationalist
5 6 7 0 5 60. I think that's for a hundred of them. Just one would have been nice
God
The cough drop pusher got any good drugs. Okay. Now I can do it too. I'll grab
Now who was it? Oh, he's leaving anyway the guy's gonna be the truck driver. We don't get me
We like him a lot even over freez full of crap about his tough football players. Oh, man
How you can call a guy to waste three hundred and forty pounds or three hundred pounds an athlete you must be off your rocker
And this of course is part of the myth of the the football fan. Oh, these are the greatest condition athletes
Right
It's whatever big tubs of crap
Big fat tub this stand there holding out of guys if they call all the holding in the NFL the game would take about 60 hours
Every play would be a penalty
They're tackling and of course the same in the NHL. By the way Gary Batman
Now that all the people from the NHL are in town or at least they're getting their arriving for the all-star game this weekend
Let me just say this Gary Batman. You were a disaster teams are going bankrupt
There's more holding and clutching all that crap at the beginning of the season just like every day
There are guys getting tackled out there and mid-ice
No penalty
How to help in the great players excel how can the game be exciting when there's all the just like Mario said a couple of years ago
Before we hung it up that one time how can it be exciting when everybody's getting the yankton pulled and
Tackled nobody wants to see that crap Gary Batman you idiot
The game's got big problems especially all those people disguised as empty seats empty yellow seats at the Fleet Center
Always a good idea to put your seats in bright yellow so that when there's nobody there like like a like a neon sign
flashing hey look at this empty empty empty yeah good idea Gary Batman you imbecile you you moron
In fact an honor the all-star game being it which I don't care about because I don't quote exhibition games and you know
I want to see those guys play in real games
In honor of Gary Batman M.O.R.O.N. yeah
I knew we'd say something sooner or later I agreed with nice going mo
Which of course are the first two letters of M.O.R.O.N. no coincidence either
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 boy my wound up today you know and I got a headache for meeting all that food at the track last night
I didn't want to go to the track. I know it sounds like I'm like at my age a weakling
Stand up for yourself be a man mr
Don't get pushed around and run around like that, you know for other people's fun and convenience
Don't you think a couple nights a week is plenty to go there and make a contribution?
I have a good time up there, but you know enough is enough and when I go there I eat and
There you are
And there I am fat
High blood sugar high blood pressure right from getting agitated and aggravated clogged arteries
I got to one over to four seven eight. I don't give a crap what you got okay?
I don't give a crap that your nephew is a gambling genius a gaming genius and is gonna
Win the pick for which he didn't by the way nice going Anthony. He still parked on the outside
Do you want an aspirin? No?
I'm didn't say I'm sick. I said I'm a lease that you had a headache. I've been sad. What did I say that?
Just now I said I need a cough drop
30 seconds ago. Well, I'm a little bit behind okay
Norther I see you're gonna need to do it too. Hey, and you only means you sent these in here so that I can talk with this crap
No, you see right through my plan. I'll be every time I'm taking it out right now. So I can enjoy it after the show
It might it might be a little gamey by that time especially sitting on his copy here, but nevertheless
I'm gonna enjoy my horseman to lift his sugar free a lashing after the show
And on the way home, which I'll probably have to make a real quick trip on the way home
Well, why do you think I had to run in there and have a car was sitting here for you?
Did you really but I want to tell you something folks seriously?
Whatever you think of George. I have never seen a man crap as much in my life as a scuff or a little guy
Seriously every morning at least four five six eight ten a hundred crafts before the show during the show
You know, I didn't take the before the show in this morning, Mr. Exaggerator
Don't you usually usually some days twice
Some days twice
That's my power yesterday to take a leak and guilty was oh he took the smelliest crap in there and he came
I will say this he apologized when he came up because he was in birth. I was standing taking a leak
What would you apologize? I just don't got the place that you know he admitted he knew it smelled real bad
Yeah, but it's not like it's your fault and don't you understand the pressure he's in all morning every day?
I you know, I feel bad for him. Maybe he should stab jokes in the back. I don't know
Huh?
No seriously, I mean poor Gelly, you know, he's like a between a rock and a heart and a high voice
He can't help it. Oh, no, I feel bad because he's under such tremendous stress and duress
If he were the wrong shirt if it's the wrong color socks. I mean he's gonna get bitched out his life will be made just a misery
So probably that's why he's taking such smelly dumps in there and when you combine that with a smell of that pepsin at the
Carlos has the wall smeared with
God, I'll say one thing his breath must be okay because he uses like a habit to a toothpaste to clean out whatever you do that
Trench mouth. Yeah, then he goes and smokes cigarette right after and he gets trench mouth right back the motorist teeth are orange
Hey, I want to tell you something if you want to lose weight because you're fat because you grow test because you can't get laid
Maybe because you haven't seen it in years you get in a shower and you're looking down all you see is a big fat
Popic or his book of rhyme would say poopic
Balance for life can't do it for you because there's no cooking no shopping no cleaning no words
You don't have to do anything no matter how dumb you are no matter how simple you are they take care of it for you
They bring you a little black sack they deliver it to your door at work at your office at your massage parlor by six o'clock every morning
And then they're all your food for the day is waiting for you you get to choose between two choices for every meal
Three gourmet meals are in your sack along with two delicious snacks
And these are all in little plastic containers that you can microwave everything is fresh
There's nothing frozen. There's nothing pre-fab no chemicals no garbage
No little pigeon-sized portions either plenty of food to keep you satisfied and losing the weight all through the day
So if you've tried all the other diets and I have a work for you
If you're frustrated because you just don't know what to eat and lose that weight give this a try because like the beast
He's turning into like almost a real human being pretty soon
Let balance for life take care of this year call 954-568-3229 954-568-3229 or check them out in the web if you like it balance for life.com
We're sports radio five six you a.m. I'm honey tune yet
Don't like all the hard work
Every time I see
Do
My Aqui
Was
President Thumb
Repubblicate muscle is
And in our ticketed idiots
I don't know why they want this guy
But now he's here
First road in the four years
With President Thumb
Thumb
Thumb
Thumb
Oh what I get to
No choice but to go
And get to
We all voted more
Why
If you want this
Thumb
Thumb
Thumb
Thumb
Thumb
Thumb
Thumb
Thumb
He's President Thumb
Thumb
Yeah, don't care what it's up
You got him here by hook or drop
The Chris is right
You know what it does
You and I, but how don't fear
We've got a great leader
With President Thumb
Thumb
Thumb
Thumb
What is your history?
I'll pay that. I'm about 4'5", 6'7", who?
There's Muff just came in the door
Turn around, walk right back out
Were you looking for me?
Because I can put on another couple of bits
And we'll just chat for a few minutes
I always enjoy chatting with the Muffster
Anyway, here's the fact that you should have
Three answers for your sex pool
From Frank, thank you Frank, it's kind of cute
One, try weekly, spell T-R-Y
Try weekly
Two, T-R-I, dash weekly
And third, T-R-Y, W-E-A-K, try weekly
Not bad, Frank, I like it
Let's hear it for Frank
He's lame, nice going Frank
I'll tell you about lame
I want you to stop everything you're doing right now
Whatever you're having in there, forget about that
Because I have a major bulletin for you
I, you know who's a major asshole
I mean, not that it's a bullet
No, seriously, and of course again
It's just like my getting tucked into the track when I don't want to
I'm a weak sister, man, I'm weak
I'm weak, I'm weak
I need to have Marlon Brander, slap me on the side of my push
Yes
Now don't look for the drop in place
Just listen to me, very important
You're a close personal friend, a big fan of yours, Greg
From Hunger
Now, didn't I try to appease him
And didn't we try to have like a little fun with him in faxes every day
And we'd read it on it, right?
Yes, I knew it was a mistake
He's a sick, crazy person
Like that
And I stand by what I've always said
The chronics are
They're, they're, not just the chronics
They're crazy people, Gordish, Telfin
Exactly
Sense me a fact today, now I don't care what I don't
Don't I read them all with their critical, their cost, their sarcastic
Today, he's not only upset with 9 to 10 hours
He's upset with everything I've ever talked about on the show
He's a lunatic
Do not ever fax this again
Because just like certain other faxes that come in here
If we see the writing, if we see the printing, if we see the
Telltale signs, write in a Schmidt can
All you be doing is wasting some time
Although we'll keep you off the street
He is a certifiable, crazy person
Who now is dissatisfied
Not only the 9 to 10 hour, but also with the fact that
Everything else I've ever talked about
He must have a short memory
I beg your pardon
Do you remember all those psychotic faxes that he used to send way back when when he was hating you
Because you wouldn't talk to him on the air
Yeah
Be rating you for very much the same thing
Have a call with absolutely absolutely everything you do
You say the glasses that you wear
How about the Ramon somebody says
We're not we better get with this
Although I got a lot of stuff to do including a little chat with the
Duff
He looked like he looked like a lost puppy when he came here didn't he
Looks like he was looking for a shelter
How about the Ramones for the
Thing to Martin Queen
Can't hear enough queen on the air says Rick and Tampa
How do you like that we're getting faxes from Tampa and our thing today? How do you like that?
That's just jealous because they want a Super Bowl
Okay, don't be picking on Tampa
Even though they're mostly a bunch of mugwumps
Rick's probably not one maybe is
But he likes queen so we know what he is
So queen and the Ramones right
And for her an AC DC just now where we hear that I'm local does Zeta play a queen?
I don't know and I wouldn't know now
I'm like pop it up. Yeah, when's the last time you heard a queen record on Zeta?
Six months ago he said well that's not gonna cut it mister, okay?
Which which song was it too?
Oh, what was it we are the champion well what a surprise oh
We are the champion you know something if I ever heard that again I'm gonna turn into Freddie Mercury between that and another one bites the dump
I'm gonna put a big earring on my other size amount rush more
Yeah, another one bites it us to be improvement over we are the champion. Yeah, let's take play it. It's just like
It's just like do we really want to hear that thing from the games again rock and roll part one two and five
Gary's glitter all like litters is not so old maybe too young
We don't want to hear that anymore. Why don't they stop and that's another thing Gary better than every arena
It's all pre-fabricated the same crap on the screen. Oh nobody comes into our house and pushes us around
You know the home team is losing like six nothing nobody comes into our house and pushes us around right?
By the way, what's his name Brian Treche get fired as coach of the Rangers let's hear it
Anything bad that happens to the Rangers makes me happy
Because they suck the whole organization just spewing out money
Bad money after worse or is it the other way around?
Thanks Rick and Tampa couple of good suggestions there of course what does Rick and Tampa know about the music here maybe maybe he's lived here maybe he knows the radio here sucks
Don't friend. Oh, let me put that down there so I can enjoy it after the show. Oh
Here's a whole list. Oh, oh good list. I don't want to rush that we'll get into it. This could be a very lengthy list
This could take days and days. So thanks very much to every set of set of set idea for that poll
I like those then the audience loves those good look at that we actually got some calls on there which we make it
Just shut the name out right here. No
No
See this is the problem we got that's why we had so many problems with the bedtime stories because George is too lazy to screen a phone calls
He can't take the abuse he can't take the punishment like and take it. No you can't. No you can't. I know that you got that big new fat contract
The years you got no excuses anymore for what they had to take a chunk out of Carlos's paycheck just to cover it
Since times are really tough and now we got Bill Mullen working here in sales that's
That's just it's not possible. Remember our good friend Scott Schwartz when he came to work here and we said he made a bad mistake
The moment he came in the door who did he come and see us because he's our friend. He's our buddy. Good guy Scott and Laura Schwartz. How you doing guys?
For the 15 kids. I've ever talked to her that's her about how she stiff me at records that day. She saw me coming in like
Grand the other way. Get out. She didn't run the other way but she was in her ears. I remember that. Yeah and so she looked at
Oh, not Neil. I don't have time to say hello. We always said hi and I was it. She just having you had times in your life
When you've been in a situation where like in a major emergency like going and buying diapers at Walgreens or something
And you'd be born to be bothered with it like Carlos where you saw him out of the corner of your eye you probably run even if I didn't have some
I throw him one of the diapers. Probably come in handy in that sink
While Mo was reaching around for them balls
10 past 11 at 560 W to QMA speaking of balls if you're still laying yours on the same old lumpy worn out mattress
Here's the answer for I get a great new mattress look at Miguel how much happier he looks these days
You want to know why he's getting laid 20 30 40 times about on the great new mattress from dial amatras. He looks spent
1 800 mattress 1 800 MATTRES will guarantee you a great night sleep for years to come take it from me
I'm sleeping on one with my little dog unfortunately. He's on a way out call 1 800 mattress. It's the easiest
What are you laughing about that's not funny my little dogs got liver disease and he's on a way out in your laughin
My little dog
Daniel they carry C. Lee service in King Corlan every size and every style and the best part when you call down on my
mattress they got 30 days they give you to try it out in your home with the best comfort exchange policy ever heard of
Some places make you sleep on the new mattress for at least 30 sometime even 60 nights before you can exchange it
If you're not comfortable after the first night you just bought yourself 59 more sleepless nights before you can do anything about it
Then they'll charge you for restocking re-delivering you pay full retail prices on exchanges
That's not the way anybody wants to do business and that's not the way they do business at dial amatras
For real comfort no hidden charges are extra fees call 1 800 mattress right now if you need an exchange
You do so anytime within their 30 day comfort exchange period no hassles no problem
You'd like to shop online check them out at mattress.com. That's the website for dial amatras if you want to see it before you buy it
Mattress.com's got pictures of mattresses the expert bank and so on suggest so take a look on there at mattress.com
Make the call now and enjoy a great night sleep for a long time to come you'll feel a lot better for it and your back will thank you
Here like a little voice coming from your back saying which is gross. You call 1 800 mattress 1 800 MATT
The ARIA is the perfect answer for a perfect night sleep
I am the whole thing is this course when you'll like to do it
You way am
And your breasts are beautiful
Oh no on the farm with Gassy the wonder dog
In our last episode Gassy was able to put a mountain lion to sleep
And work its attempt to steal a baby sheep but this week the farmer smells smoke
Fire fire in the barn
Fire in the barn only cow
You're jammed and all their animals is in there what do we do to me?
I got an idea
Gassy
Gassy you got to open the door and put the fire on
Harder Gassy
The door is still stuck
Come on Gassy you can do it
It's still stuck it's no use
You're not going to do it Gassy try as hard as you can
Look the fire is going out
And the door is open all the animals are safe good job girl
Good girl Gassy
Guess this means an extra big plate of beans tonight
Tune in next week for the continuing adventures of Gassy the wonder dog
Love it 68 at 560 WDFM
What an intemper little bastard that Carlos says you know my little dog is on the way out
And he's laughing and he's making fun of it that was in very poor taste
Want to do an office pull on the date?
New pull how much does your girlfriend or wife weigh?
These people man are all crying now didn't we ask we asked for creative pulls?
How much does your girlfriend or wife weigh and he's got like all these categories less than 100 more than 200 etc.
I don't think so
You think so?
I mean what does that mean?
How much does your wife or girlfriend weigh? How much do you weigh?
Right
Yeah, forget about your wife or girlfriend which you're probably trying, forget about that how much do you weigh?
Fatso?
I see no you guys out there 90% like fatter than I am and that's pretty fat
Obes, tubby, got a huge overhang big big poopic
Shovel it at time you're pushed like that Vanana split layer cake I ate at the track all the time
I've no business a diabetic like me a fat ol diabetic eating banana split layer cake
Good
They all like that
They drizzled like raspberry sauce surrounded and like
Well not on your tombstone
It was good
It was good
And I did it to say fat rich whatever that means
You threw yourself on it?
Stop playing the guilt trips on me okay you guys?
I didn't come back to town so I could sit at the track they're holding fat ridges and having him say oh I had it
I got the trip along I go one over to 678 I don't care
I really don't care it's getting really ponderous
Isn't it amazing how some people can take an experience that you would like like our sex pool
Take an experience that you otherwise enjoy a lot and turn it into something awful
Kind of like working here you know what I'm saying?
Don't miss the gym manager Hank Goldberg showed today when you hear the sound of a hockey goal be the fifth quarter of the contest line
1-800-227-560-2-0-880-2-2-2-70-560
Win a pair tickets for a Panthers home game and you'll be qualified to win tickets to the NHL also a game on Sunday
Now clearance made a change in that because the original copy I don't want to say what it's like
Because it said to the Leafs game next Wednesday maybe they're not giving away tickets to the Leafs game free
Maybe we got some Leafs fans going to be there a I'll be there next Wednesday February 5th at the Macarena Yanta Center
Formerly called
So anyway here's this list
Group state ought to be played a lot more on South Florida radio
ELO
Oh yeah
Alan Parsons project
Okay so far so good
Garbage
Amen
Vivo
Okay
Vivo
Answer
The monkeys other than last train at Clarksville and Daydream Believer
Yeah there's a lot of other goods what do you know what do you give me a look like that
Well the point is trying to make is that they only play those two like I'm not I understand you don't like the monkeys
Yeah but they're like the monkeys
What's wrong with you man are you some kind of a communist that's like they don't play it off our cheats
The monkeys had a lot of big hits the archies
I understand
All the archies weren't a real good number one and neither were the monkeys
That's not true
That's not true Peter Turk was a fine musician and so was Michael Mason
None of them knew how to play anything when they got the job with each other
The only one you're talking about is Davie Jones and the Mickey Dolans were not real musicians
Peter Turk Michael Mason has the first record a lot of music right he was like a the one
So what the fact is that they had a lot of big hits okay here we go we're not going to be able to put groups on there that George doesn't like
That's not what I'm saying
Yes it is
We just got the parameters of this pool when I'm pretty good at putting that guy put something on this
I'm not putting anything on her if George doesn't like it like the frickin monkeys I like the monkeys open
I like the monkeys too
I like the monkeys a lot even though Davie Jones looks like he smells real bad
But plain just the right amount of monkeys on the radio in some way or no
No they're how do you know
When's the last time you heard a monkey song?
Exactly
They didn't believe we were a last time to Clarksville
Well I see what you're saying sarcasm
I'm gonna put this damn thing there I can't how do you like that?
Oh no
I know you're a game
Too can talk with this thing in their mouth
And the Bee Gees before and after Saturday night fever
I agree
Which I thought I did a fantastic job if I say so myself and my arms were long and I'm gonna have to sell it
I pat myself on the back and the ass
Huh?
Amen?
That was great
Because we never hear any of those great songs on the radio here
It says and I'll pay money if somebody will break into magic and steal their copy of
If you want to be happy for the rest of your life
Just because every eight year old in that ten-toned request it doesn't mean that you keep playing
Jimmy Soul if you want to be happy
I don't know
I don't want to hear that
I'll tip into that case
Or build me up buttercup by the foundations
Don't want to hear it again
Ever
Ever
Why don't you
Build me up
So there you go I think we got let's see
That's a good list
And the Mucky's will go on list and spot your crap
Oh they're not really musicians yeah
That's not why it's just it's just bubble gum
It's like the Archies
It's just from the beginning
But there are a lot of people who like the music
The Archies have a lot of the things
We're not confining it to one category of the kind of music that you like
I understand that
If somebody says they ought to play more to pack or whatever
I'm not going to not put it under because I don't like rap music
It's up to these what they want
That's what you want
If we want to know what you want we can discuss that before the show every day
We don't need to take a poll of the audience to find out what you want
We know what you want
What's that?
What you didn't get last night at Treasure Island
That's what you want
How do you know?
Diddy?
No Carlisaw no chance
He's not saying
Oh really
Hey
Haha
Oh
231 votes which of these statements best describes your sex life
Could be better 42
Could be a lot better 39
Okay 36
Sensational 34
Something of the past 24
Solo 22
Not exist in 17
Week 9
And I'm desperate
Oi
Eight
ATE
Eight
Eight too much is the track last night I'm paying for it today
Didn't want to be there shouldn't have been there
Got nothing to do with the money I lost 50 bucks
What's 50 bucks to a big shot like me right Carlis?
It's small potatoes three weeks pay for you small potatoes for me
Didn't want to be there Derek Richie Evan didn't want to be there
Is there something like is there a sign that I miss when I look in a mirror to shave that says
Am I forehead?
Assigned babysitter for other people
Actually it's what your mole is it's just very tiny print underneath the mole
Here's a call from Miramar hello
Amy I got a name for your list
I'll bet
Hopefully I mean never a quiz I might have been you never recorded a bad song Jim Croci
Jim Croci excellent but every one of our dead people we like too was on that list
And they always play just Leeward Bound or whatever you know
Or whatever
You want to hear operator on it just radio here
That's always popular but another list possibly is people you never want to hear again on the radio
That's a good point I could take a lot of time
Okay thanks
Thanks
What do you mean that could take a long time
Like the monkeys you don't want to hear them anymore
That's not what I said
Do you want to hear the monkeys?
Sure let's place the monkeys
I got monkeys
And you know what I got?
I got trained monkeys
Well we do that
Oh now see I'm going to put this on the list even though I don't I won't say I don't like them
I don't have a need to hear them again
I agree
Boston
Very good
I like Boston as a city as a group I could you know take them or leave them
I liked it all and then they played it and played it and played it more than a squealing
Oh and no
I had the record I had to give it away just because I didn't want to hear it anymore
Well I have a feeling let's see here's when it says the patch mode the cure and the Smiths
Excellent
The choice is all
Yeah I have no problem with those see I'm agreeable here because I'm I'm opening this up to a wide variety
And I did make a mistake the other day when we were like doing the the dead artists and we should have put two pack on there and big e-smalls
And small e-bick with e-i-g and notorious s-a
S-a-s
Yeah well then
And we didn't
And I got news for it we got to take a pool what's the point of just gearing it to your own
You know you can just come on and make an announcement
Read list here's the people I like here's the groups I like and that's it you know what kind of a show is that what kind of a bunch of crap is that crap right
So there you go 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line really and then I think about a week
We'll take the pool out of the 9 to 10 hours of vertigas still up I can too much commentary about it
Which you know I can take it or leave it
But we'll find out when we take that pool won't we
Well we'll find something out what do you mean by that why are you so I don't why is he such an asshole can you explain that to me it's natural oh I just have a feeling that they're gonna want to pee on the parade
I don't have any idea what they're gonna do I think a lot most of them will give like an honest opinion they will analyze it and they'll say hey I hate it or I like it or it's great or it sucks that's what they'll say
Look at the pool we took on you a lot of them said well here's Riviera Beach hello
Nadal you wound up yes I am and why not and that was great it's awesome I don't know I know you played that bush on is this perfect is that's exactly what I want to bring up with I was out of argument somebody's out I thought bush is this dumbest guy that I come down the fight I wouldn't say the dumbest but he certainly are in the running
I've been in well maybe jail for the book you can't hold as if you like or you don't like him you just can't hold Clinton up the bush Clinton could speak on the beauty could be all right it makes me sick watch the bush up there and by the way all of this
a fury now about the sudden a concern about the AIDS plague in Africa you do notice who was just over there within last couple of months and really
spearheading this whole thing was Bill Clinton about bringing the awareness of not only this administration but the whole world of the millions of people over there infected and the AIDS plague that's going on over there that was
bubble that did that I'm sure to agree with everything he did but yeah he had a grassroots going on last I lost a little bit of the state of the union I can't stand you know 77
teniovation just watch him see he sit behind him with that little smoke yeah like who's really running this show George is at the
puppet up there you can see those dollar signs that all of you know you almost see like a gas pump like right next to his left ear I'm
full bears from the direction of the company even though it's his heart pump yeah I'm going to go out and I'm sorry I'm
waiting for this but I think they should change the name of the Alps are game this year without Mario and
back before you and and that's something you know but we just thought the thumb star thing so they're all
there you go that's the other reason I'm not going maybe a question half to you and thanks for the good news and have a good time
how about those leaves last night three to when coming out of their coma oh thank goodness I'd be in a really sour foul mood if they
would have lost last night wouldn't you oh no don't like the monkeys you don't like the maple leaves I didn't say I
didn't like the monkeys now well what what does this mean favorite Beatles song we've already done that pull you see
have Kenny you're on a really bad role lately you also fact something the other day which luckily for him I forgot it was really crap
that he means well you know he loves the show he's involved in it he just full of crap like a lot of people around here
he had car insurance if he got in tickets in the past maybe had an accident do you have really bad credit uh-huh
if he answered yes to any of these things then here's what you ought to do you ought to call the people at Florida first
insurance at one eight eight eight five oh six seventy two eighty three I didn't know the number real good that time but believe me during the course of
this message you'll hear it many many many times again Florida first insurance have the current insurance policy plan for
everybody regardless of your past record they've got low down payments can get to the current insurance you need for as low
those thirty five bucks a month call them now one triple eight five oh six seventy two eighty three they offer free quotes and
they're family owned and operated with years of experience you deserve the current insurance you need but call them now one
triple eight five oh six seventy two eighty three if you need to home life health or commercial insurance Florida first
insurance will get you covered and right now is a special promotion stop by any Florida first insurance location get you a
quote and you'll get two free casino cruise passes compliments of a guest marketing a sixty dollar value absolutely free
call one triple eight five oh six seventy two eighty three get a current insurance quote from these folks and get two free
casino cruise passes at the same time don't forget no matter what your car history record is what your car
insurance needs are these are the people who can do it for you and do it right Florida first insurance call one
triple eight five oh six seventy two eighty three
suck it in and hold it
and
I'm still self-knowingly
whether my nose or my sleeve
but I don't want no
triple three
I'm reaching the piss and
morn I got to stay in home and stay in bed to confend the sneeze
I might be out on four two weeks
the snazzy buggy stung two feet between now and then I might survive
now that I've got this awful clue I'm going into my tissue
where you never need to soon will fall and will fall
oh
fighting my fluidity is contagious so don't you play me for my complaining
fighting
my body knows it's a proper
I got red nostrils
think that should fight
man
fighting
through that contagious
so don't you play me
for my complaining
fighting
through that contagious
fighting
through that contagious
disease
disease
twenty seven dollars five sixty w cream the mad dog and one thanks in a building day three to seven
and then seven o'clock we have the shico pants or preview panthers and a red wings in Detroit
seven thirty-night eddie camp to the hockey game Joe and mark overnight and then in the morning well
uh here's another facts bands that they want to hear on the air that they don't hear in new order
radio head weezer and jane's addiction wow very good list
I know two of those four they're all good
well a mucky's are good too yeah they are I didn't say that they weren't good I didn't say that I didn't like
for what he said there a bunch of bubblegum and a not musicians and a canceng for Schmidt that's what you said play the tape back
are all
I thought you heard that
they're played as much as I need to hear them
we're not we're not asking I don't know I just took a different you'll be able to vote on the pool tomorrow when we put it up there
I say that we in fact you won't be able to vote on it here I don't have to disagree with I mean agree with all of the
uh suggestions that they make on the facts machine do I?
I'm I'm not agreeing with all of them anyway but like I just said it's not a question of what you want to
did I just explain this to him a moment ago which is getting a little bit redundant and repetitive
I'm not a key to Mr. the first time to what I said anyway so we'll put in also on the bottom here's his data sucks and you are
absolutely correct so
oh here's another suggestion for another pool
oh look at this they got the traffic and the band
I'm putting them on I'm not going to look good to you for a fun put them put them on the weight
yeah let's hear that again let's hear that
oh
if I hear one more time every time I hear the weight I think about fat boy and here's the future pool future sex pool
of course this is Chuckie and Pepper Pines who means well what sex act you prefer above all others
I'm sure you've already done this when I've been away what sex act you prefer above I haven't you done that?
no not really actually get out of town have it
straight missionary sex doggie style doggie house your style she's on top what do you mean she? I'm sorry Chuckie
face to face sitting cuddlingus anal ingus
vacuum folatio oral stimulation digital penetration anal insertion
other please describe how do you please describe on the pool you just check other but it says other please describe
would be eric leave a blank then people could write an essay
okay have a great day you two Chuckie and Pepper Pines that's something to think about I'll save that
okay for a future desperate moment like Monday
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty only eighteen teen for rise in line and I did not buy tickets for the all-star game
Moses I'm very sorry and quit taking our steroids because you're starting to blow up like a balloon
but I didn't buy tickets for the all-star game so no you can't have them and if I did the buy them I'm sure somebody else would have already scanned them okay
I should think I would think I've had only about 600 people ask me oh if you're not going to use those tickets the all-star game
I didn't buy tickets to the all-star game knowing full of advance that I would never under any circumstances go to a meaningless game
where many many of the top stars the most important ones will not be participating anyway so can I have them yeah you can have all I got
here's for Lauderdale hello hey Neil how you doing pretty good I got a band for your pole there and I also want to say another thing
first real quick about the state of the union to address the other day yeah you know I'm not a big bush fan and I tried to watch it for a couple minutes with me and my wife
just to see what he had to say and every three seconds everyone kept applauding and standing up and clapping and I really didn't understand you know what he was saying
he really wasn't getting to any point and every two seconds everyone kept clapping and I was doing that that's why the state of the union addresses really a waste of time
it's a simple crap so I watched it for two minutes and I turned it off I said I can't stand this all they're doing it's clapping anyways for the band
now they got a real awful name and I know you're going to hate the name but I think they're a great band I'm Jeff Rolthol
you're right you're right on the first part that doesn't mean I'm not going to put them down I'm not going to be like George and build a pole based on what I like
thank you well you're all right Neil no matter what George says but no Jeff Rolthol is great they don't get enough radio play and the stuff they do play on the radio
they're one of those bands that have a lot better music you know on the CDs that they didn't play on the radio I sure hope so
but I'll put them down for me I appreciate it and George stop cracking so much yeah quick taking so many dumpster
okay thank you very much good call Jeff Rolthol a bridge to the 10 o'clock hour look at this facts in that cute
oh it's a picture of a bridge it's like kind of like a explode in the middle there
somebody says electric like great orchestra and we already say E.L. I think we said that it was one of the first ones but thank you anyway
the facts are pouring in now bands that you like to hear more played on the South Florida FM radio which they're not playing because they play the same crap over and over and over and over again
oh look at this the band Buffalo Springfield is opposed to Dusty Springfield of course Buffalo Springfield's got about two records
right for what it's worth and what at correct exactly Buffalo Springfield I can see it right now but what do you know about Buffalo Springfield
there were 60s like I said they had one song they were like a one hit wonder let's do one hit wonders again what do you say no no I'll I'll
let me tear it up in Toronto and if it ever gives about freezing game maybe I'll go back for what it's worth stop hey what's that sound I never
realize that's like part of the title did you in parentheses no learn something already it's not even noon today and we learn something for what it's worth stop
hey what's that sound I'll be damn anyway superstar group formed in Los Angeles Steven stills vocals in guitar
neo-young and richie for a guitars stop calling here Woody Bruce Palmer bass and do we Martin drums stills in young later formed up yeah how's David
Crosby's liver doing by the way for a later formed poco oh no going from Buffalo Springfield the poco yeah let's put them on the list
you know poco must not poco I tell you one thing if somebody calls with poco well I'm gonna put them on the list and not only that will trace the call and we'll send the
Woody over there hypocrite to annoy them the rest of life group was inducted the rock and roll hall of fame in 1997 they had one hit Buffalo Springfield oh I thought you were talking about poco 1998
no no seriously I mean they had one hit it was a great song and it was like what was the year 1967 like I said at co records like I said at co 6459 did not give you the number of the you know the record pretty damn good for an old fart like me at co records I can see the white in a yellow label right now
can't you see it no oh I wish we had that I'd like to play that you want to know why because it's so appropriate right now 2003 very appropriate right now before we start sending off a bunch of kids to be killed and blowing up the whole
damn world just because we got a bunch of crazy people out there who want to hook up their other thing to the hoes they want to do a hoes job
want to be great you know we used to get pictures back or said baby milk factory from Iraq now we'll have ones come back saying chevron you know things like that every street corner chevron mobile exon stuff like that 19 till noon at 5 60 WQ I am I'll tell you about a place all you people that are fat that thing about your spouse or your wife how much did they weigh what I mean all you fat people out there in denial I'm very uh
this this made the tell you I'm a fat slob okay not that I could lie about it but I'm a fat slob like a lot of you people are if you want to lose weight there's a store that's dedicated to you the likes of west bokeh over 600 delicious low-carb food products in this one unique incredible store try this week
there's specially simply low carb loaf a delicious new brand a bread with just three grams of digestible carbs per slice and delicious taste of whole wheat bread you'll be in snack heaven when you sink your teeth and
the so that I still want my grilled cheese sandwich by the way so whether it's carbolite ice cream bread chips muffins cheesecake's pasta and sauces the
lights of west bokeh is the place to shop where you can stock up on all these good things and anything the story you look at that looks pretty
interesting to you can try it before you buy it their staff knows dieting inside and out they're open seven days a week
10 to 10 and they create the most complete line of act in brand products you ever heard of that are always 25% off every day all day
so if you're one of those act in people if you really believe that low carb dieting works which it is for a lot of people
here's the number one low carb sugar free store anywhere around the lights of west bokeh they're on the northeast corner of blades and 441
next to Boston market you can call them tool free 1 877 low carb find them on the web at low carb dot com don't forget there is only one
the lights of west bokeh it's your official act in retail center
and
and stick
I became roster in nothing time
Yes, I've made it while my guitar loudly reese
I've made the big box with my axe but I can't play it
Yes, my guitar loudly reese
I have known talent but great public relations was I've been having rotation on antique beans
I can't just smile on sell a million copies with hair so sloppy and my ripped jeans
I live singing the strings of all chords yes I think it and my guitar loudly reese
I've been having rotation on sell a million copies
I've been having rotation on sell a million copies
I've been having rotation on sell a million copies
I think we're going to get a missus from the picture of a pole again
I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I
I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I know I
Are you really? Maybe I have somebody's uh these sugar free halls mental lip this or didn't get them for him. He's having stomach pride he's having some issues between you and him if he's having some issues I sure hope he brought some tissues between you and him. Ladies and gentlemen for those who keep track have a diary of this show every day.
between Georgian Carlos, I think that's 86 crafts and it's not even noon yet. I just had the one.
Wow.
Anyway, here's the fact that it says, is they play the Bee Gees, you can hear Stan a lot but never lights on.
But while we already went through that, Sean, if they play George Harrison, you'll hear the Durg while my guitar gently weaves switch and sperm and play that, which I love that bit by the way.
But not you, what is life or dark horse?
Here's the groups.
ELO we got. Thank you. Moody Blues.
Okay.
38 Special.
Okay. See now, you don't like 38 Special. You gave me that look and I don't I play that the light inside to behind.
Once upon a time, they were overplayed and they kind of got destroyed for me.
Why is that?
Because they were overplayed.
Oh.
Radio has it ruined certain songs or groups for you to play that.
You know, I just get to say that before we were listening instead of sitting there, shmuzin with Carlos.
What? You said probably what's making him sick?
Yes.
Yes.
It says they're coming in a trance a great for you to get a crap break or knock off a piece of ass.
And Jeff Roteau would somebody just say, isn't humanly possible leaving a gunpoint for big one or six to go six minutes without playing pink Floyd?
If I hit the wall one more time, I'm going to put the B of PD's heads through one.
And what is a T dance once Sean and Holly would know?
Well, don't throw it away.
I'm not throwing it away. I'm probably saying, Jesus, man, are you just on Tinder hooks?
Whatever that means.
What is a Tinder hook?
I don't know.
Oh, is there anything like a T-
But you heard that, haven't you?
No.
Log into Messina.
The Dubie Brothers.
Yeah, we hear enough Dubie Brothers.
Don't we?
I'm crossing that out.
The Eagles.
No, I don't know.
They were played to death, but I guess I don't know.
Who plays them anymore?
Not that I would.
Magic, really?
Once in a great while.
In between, build me a buttercup and if you want to be happy for a rest of your life, what do they play besides life in the fast lane?
Who?
I don't know. Do I listen to the FM and this?
I don't know.
We're quiet.
I don't know. And that's the reason I don't listen to this.
So they play the same.
You've lost that love and feel on by the righteous brothers.
And I'll get built mentally coming out of my left here.
And Bobby Hatfield coming out of the other one, okay?
Who?
Oh, so demorbitant, depressing.
It's your suicide-inducing station magic.
102.
07.
God.
Depressing morbid music.
At least the monkey's music most of it is a beat.
Yes, it is.
Fun music.
Yeah.
I mean, most of the beat's boys music is fun music, right?
Yep.
Even though they're morbidant depressing themselves, the ones who are still alive.
Steely Dan.
Are we out of gas?
Yeah, we're out of gas.
Oh.
I don't think Carlos is from what I'm hearing.
What is your problem?
I think he has a bleeding ulcer or something.
What?
His stomach is killing him.
Meaning what?
I don't know what that means.
It means what it means.
He just took an ant's acid.
I think we better send to the hospital to the emergency room.
I think I should drive at Mount Sinai.
Maybe he could be in the same bed that Morris was in.
Maybe he had the same doctor.
Maybe he could get the same operation.
Anyway, Micah says you still need to have that place tested for more.
Well, thank you anyway, Micah.
But we'll pass.
Well, what's the use?
You know, I'm not going to be here that much longer anyway.
And as far as George is concerned, well, whatever.
Small potatoes, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
So anyway, why don't you come in here and take the elbow?
Don't fart when you come in here.
But I'll give you all of these.
Well, I don't really have that many of them so far.
Because we don't need to repeat.
And I don't have the time to sit here and write all that crap down.
Do we have the time for that?
Not especially now that we got that new 90% comedy bits out every day.
Because now it seems like we just sat down.
And it's not already.
No, no, no.
Yeah.
You can maintain a constant energy level all the way to the end.
Which of these statements best describes your sex life?
OK, 55 could be a lot better, 54.
Could be better, 52.
Sensational, 50.
15.6% of this crowd so far say their sex life is sensational.
And they were just taking a little bit of a break to go to their pewter and, you know,
fold on a pool and then they're right back at it.
Solo, 32.
Something of the past 28.
Non-existent, 26.
Week, 12.
And I'm desperate, 10.
Here's a call from Cooper City.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
OK, sir.
Hey, listen, let me do with your polls or anything.
I was driving the other day.
I was coming to Kentucky, believe it or not.
And this guy came on.
He's a national, on the national radio.
I mean, he was going to syndicated show and all.
And he started talking about you as far as that condolence of thing saying that, you know,
it's a disgrace and that, you know, somebody in the top administration should be.
Yeah.
Why is that?
Well, because he was saying that it's wrong.
It shouldn't be that he played and he didn't play it.
I was going to call him up.
I had to take with me and I was going to call him up and play it.
But he read the words over the phone saying, you know, what it was.
It was a disgrace and that he called the radio station.
And the radio station said that whatever goes on and out, you know, has nothing to do
with management, the station, whatever.
In other words, what's the point?
Well, I was just saying that, you know, what he was saying was that it was a big disgrace
and he was talking a lot of the answer.
Why do I care about that?
What he says?
I'm going to get stuck.
I'm just, you know, we don't care about what people in Kentucky or in Illinois for that
matter any other place.
We care about what other people in this market.
And so far for 27 years, they've been most of them pretty happy with his show and ones
who aren't.
They don't listen to it.
Makes sense to me.
Four minutes till noon at 5.60 W.C.
I'm doing the right spot.
I just tore up the law.
What's bottom I'm doing now?
Delights.
Oh, no.
Sorry.
How it?
Well, you don't want to be messing with Tom Lehman.
He'll come right over here and drive a vehicle right over your head.
Tom Lehman and Joe Preator are up to their armprits in vehicles right now because the
factory sent them so many cars there's no place to park them.
Even Tom Lehman had to park a whole bunch in his driveway in cars too, so they like to
place one in yours.
How it is blowing out all the new vehicles, regardless of profit, including the Pontiac
Vime starting at only $13,998, and up to five grand off every GMC on-voy in stock.
Plus, get 0% financing or up to a $3,000 rebate.
And how it's also about like you'll always find their a gigantic almost endless sea of
tremendous selection of dependable pre-owned cars, trucks, and SUVs.
Maybe you can get like a tax rebate on your SUV, George, but I doubt it.
And if your credit is really bad, man, if it blows, if it's marginal, if it's not
existing, that's not a problem in how because they'll find a way to get you into whatever
you're looking for.
It's the winner-blessed emergency clearance sail going on right now.
And how that Pontiac GMC, the same great place where they've been doing people great for
over 35 years, 134 or once out of Dixie Highway.
That's your West One across from the falls, open every day, seven days a week.
And you can save even more by mentioning that near Roger sent you by.
Call the near Roger's NEODial hotline at 1.883-440-211.
That's 1.883-440-211 for Halibut Pontiac GMC who are professional grades.
Hi kids, y'all like cutting little stinkers?
That funny little sound that comes right out your stinkers?
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I do?
Get paid for writing little songs about boo-boo?
My brains are gone.
I'm trying to get my groove on, but I can't figure out which spice school I'm gonna
fart on.
And Dr. Dre asked, yo, man, you passed good?
Hey, I know.
So what do I smell like?
I asked many new low-quests.
Well, since age 12, it seemed like I always smelled.
I thought ripping gasses in June was pretty swell.
I got pissed off when I flipped my jeans off and bothered so hard to turn my underwear
backwards like criss-crossed.
And every night I'm like, oh, dinner last.
Then fun at my ass, fast in the fat, fat, fat, you ain't too fast.
Smell this honey.
Yo, feel the weight of my ass, but girl, come on, I don't give a fuck.
God sent me to stink the world, though.
My ain't is, my ain is, my ain is, my ain is, my ain is, my ain is, my ain is, my ain is, my
ain is, my ain is, my ain is, my ain is, my ain is, my ain is, my ain.
Well, I ain't good to hear you want to me kick down back in junior high.
Still the problem was, something prone up my ass and die.
I shot him in the face with my vapor.
The worse happened later, when I covered his desk with used toilet vapor.
Walked in a strip club, my testers would fill up.
Moong the bartender took a dozen of tip club.
Went over to a dancer, had a fuck in her guard.
She listed a leg up, and I knew she was a fraud.
I just found out my mom got all gas and I do
I told her I grow up to be a famous rapper
Make a record about strange noises
Made on the crampor
You know you will dirt when the lemon rush to leave
You drive to hold it back but you wasn't even relieved
This guy at White Castle said it was pretty cool
But I had to go, go drop the kids off and the boo
My ain't this, my ain't this
My ain't this, my ain't this
My ain't this, my ain't this
My ain't this, my ain't this
My ain't this, my ain't this
12-3-5-6-8-10
I'm sorry I think it's tonight
Yes, that's how it's called
I hope you enjoy it
Anyway, here's a fact from Anne who says
Listener for many years but your bush bashing is a little much
Since you're supposed to be well informed
You must have missed Powell's announcement last week
That oil and its revenues are to be held in trust for the people of Iraq
And Teddy Roosevelt told the Indians that some day they'd be able to open up
Gambling things under reservations
Casinos just takes a long time
As far as chainy he's worth so many millions now
I doubt he needs to sacrifice our boys to put bread on the table
Oh, now who's being naive, Kay?
Yeah, now who's being naive, Anne?
Right, he's worth so many millions already
See, one thing about those people and the people that they represent
They never have enough
That's why you have these proposed tax cuts again for the rich
The first round that was just like child play
I love to wet their beak
Yeah, just wanted to wet their beak a little bit
Now they want to wet their whole body at least down to their navel
So Anne, you know, you're in time with your opinions
But this idea, well I've listened for many years but
If you don't like what you heard a program have a great life
That's all I can tell you
You don't have to agree with anything that I say
This show is mainly entertainment
But that does not stop talking about
El Presidente and these goose steppers we got up there now
And I do do, I do do
Now you're the ones that do do, I do a lot of reading Anne believe me
So I don't just make things up
In fact if he went to our website and just beside the pool which is just for fun
And found a really interesting story that around her
Maybe you might learn something too sweetheart
Although she's probably got her hip boots out
She's probably goose stepping around the lunch table right now
When you think?
I can see it
One of three women finalists on the hip fox we got on the show
Joe millionaire is starred under another name in dozens of bondage and fetish films
A website reported yesterday
Sarah Coser has appeared often bound and gagged but fully clothed
In such movies as Hogtide and help us heroines on the stage named Cindy Schubert
According to Smoking Gun
In pictures on a website Coser has seen bound and gagged in various poses
In some cases dressed as a cheerleader or nurse
In other photos she's seeing tying up, tying up men
Oh right
Coser 29 could not be reached for comment
A spokesman for Fox which describes her occupation as sales and design on the show's website
Said only we don't come into the personal lives of our reality show contestants
The program which was secretly taped in France late last year
Has drawn unexpectedly high ratings for Fox on Monday night
Except for me I'm not watching it
Carlos ain't watching it
Georgian wasn't
Mad Dog loves it, he loves it
Oh right
Can I take a lot of the guys you know the the jot kind of guys
The ones that really hate women deep down our neath and resent them bitterly
No seriously that's why they like that
Because they feel you know anything where the women are getting conned and
Have one put it over on them so to speak
Of course in the bottom line is that it looks like that the people are watching that are the ones that are getting conned
But be that as it may
Look at it look at this phone man
I'm telling you we come up with something really spectacular here today
And the phone is as dead as a door nail
One call
And especially like I said yesterday when we tried that 910
And you can press it down to make the work of the audience that much less
Put less that much less pressure on them
Are they list building?
Yeah very weak
56050560
pound 560 on the 18 and team Verizon line
Miami hello
Hello there how you doing?
Okay sir
Well you can this one call has been listened to you for about 15 years now
This is the second time I've called
That's about good that's right
I wanted to add two up until your list
Yeah
Sugar cult
Sugar why?
Sugar cult
Yeah
What the hell is that?
It's a group
Okay
Very good music
Never heard of it
Nobody here ever heard of it
I know that's the problem
They have had a couple of songs out
But all their stuff has seemed to be good
How they as good as the monkeys
Same type of music to be honest with you
Oh
Similar
I mean I'm surprised that it's not doing better
Because of the type of music it is
And there's another one called authority zero
Yeah
And what you could do with the polls is to split it
Get more days out of it
Yeah we might do it for like a couple of months
I'll be honest with you the response is pretty disappointing
And especially in a market where the music is such crap
Would everybody agrees with
You think that would be a lot better in this but this is this thing
Everybody's conditioned to listen to the crap that's down here
Yeah
I mean if I didn't have a computer and watch TV very late at night
You don't hear a lot of groups
Yeah
Okay we got you down on that
Alrighty
Have a good one
Here's the fact that it says Chicago
Which I would agree with that
Especially
I played more good Chicago
Remember that the show I didn't Toronto that few days
Yep
The best American group
Which we screwed up on
And we left so many good groups off there
And it was so that gives us a chance to do it again
And get it right
PS it says keep up the bush bashing
Yes I will
Absolutely will
To see there's nothing I hate to break the news to the right wingers
There's nothing that exempts
This administration or anybody in it from criticism
From being you know criticised either seriously or parodies or sat there
Anything else
There's no sign on the White House door this is
Well we are above that and don't pick on us
Screw that
Doesn't work
It's amazing I was discussing this with somebody yesterday
It's amazing to me how you almost never read about liberals or moderates
Or your independence trying to get conservatives off the air
What's the last time you ever read about that?
Never
What's the people on the right they are always screaming about the liberal media
They don't just want balance what they want is everybody who's the left of a telephone off the air now
So anybody who confuses anything that's done whether it's here or anyplace else
With any other issues it's all just out of piscation
It's all a smokescreen
Anybody to the left of a telephone must not be on the air expressing opinions
Contrary to this administration
And that's it that's just the way it is
Joe McCarthy would not only be proud he's a piker compared to this crowd
So I hope you and the president have a great time okay sweetheart?
Nine minutes after noon at 5.60 WQYM
I'll tell you one thing if you're having sleepless nights tossing and turning
Maybe it's because you're worried about the world blowing up or maybe because of your mattress sucks or maybe both
Well I can't help you with the first part but I can really help you with the second part
Dialogue mattress of the people to call 1-800-MATRUS
M-A-T-T-R-S will get you great nights late for months to come
George and Miguel and yours truly and everybody else with a brain realize now that this is the only intelligent way to shop for new mattress
Don't forget their unbeatable delivery as far as deliveries concern they're on... nobody can match them
Because they'll give you any to our Windows 7 days week when it's convenient for you when they'll show up
When they say they will like between noon and two to in full etc
And price can't beat them we're talking about everyday low prices and no bait and swish
Exactly the mattress you want is in stock ready for nearly immediate delivery the top brands in the world
Seely, Serta, Simmons, Kingcool, Airby, Sais and Stamau the Sun
And you've got 30 days to try out in your home with the best comfort exchange policy in the world
So why waste all that time and gas running around town going from bedding to departments throwing every place else
When you can just sit there make one easy call, tool free 1-800-MATRUS and they'll be there in no time at all
Get yourself a great night sleep it'll make a big difference in the way you feel with diala mattress
1-800-MATRES
1-800-MATRUS for diala mattress the answer for a perfect night sleep
I've got a local, this is 560, the radio's on your side
Q-A-N
Bandage, I f*** them out
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go
America's titles back again and sets up finest art, Dumbled Man has gone, he's been the trunk of someone's car
I'm hoping for controversy before it's all gone, other than that one-lake song, where's Kelly Clarkson?
Piercings and tattoos and chubby girls in belly shirts, smoking marijuana and then sucking on their shirts
Each one of them dreamin' that they might just be a star, when you could fit their talent in a little Mason chart
American titles back again and set the finest star, Dumbled Man has gone, he's been the trunk of someone's car
I'm hoping for controversy before it's all gone, other than that one-lake song, where's Kelly Clarkson?
From 15 to 560 WQAM, here's a fast from Gregory from Coral Springs who says, when was the last time we heard any Warren Zeva on on a crappy 1 to 2.7?
Besides, where Wolves of London, how many hits did he have?
Zeva on his battling for his life with lung cancer will not live much longer, unfortunately thanks to the shallow playlist of magic songs like lawyers, guns, and money
Or we're Wolves of London, we'll never be heard in our market, 1 to 2.7 sucks it says here
Absolutely correct
That's what Gregory says, you got Warren Zeva on?
Don't pay any attention to George, okay, because he's still all bad out of shape about the monkeys
Did I say not to put him on there? I just had a question
Did I say that you said that? Did you say that I said?
Did he write it down?
Yeah, well that's all accounts
Don't start gettin' it, no wonder he's got stomach cramps
Here's one of our chronic faxers, Jane, who says the band I doesn't get enough airplay is NOFX?
What's that? I'm afraid to say that
You know what that is?
No, FX
No, I don't know
The only thing that's all one word, the only states I've heard them on is WKPX
But they have some great songs like Sold Out
Please play this song in a radio and that's why I love her
Oh yeah, we know those don't we?
More season on the performer doesn't get played enough
They might be giants, it's great
You gotta check them out, the only reason you know them is because they get virtually no airplay
See it's kinda hard to figure out who these groups are unless you see videos
And there are in America no channels that play videos
MTV don't play any videos
Much music though, they got infomercials all morning long
Did you ever hear that song, Istanbul was one's kind of to know of Constantinople?
Yeah, that's they might be giants
Oh, they're pretty good, considering
See, oh when I'm in Europe I see all of that stuff because they're 80 million music video channels
I know it's a very revolutionary concept
But all day long they play music videos
Yeah
Which is why I bring back a lot of songs that you'll hear here like six months later
Maybe never hear them here
I remember listening to KPX in the early 1990s she says
And the kids were playing all the songs that Zaid eventually switched to
Like Nirvana's smashing pumpkins and Jane's addiction
I still listen to KPX here, what's popular with the kids?
And yes, I know they play crap too
But sometimes they have really good new music
You won't hear on Zaid for months or years
And Jane also says PS, takebackthamedia.org has a campaign against Rush
I haven't seen that but if it's true
If it's a campaign to get them off the air, shame on them
If it's a campaign to debunk all the crap that he's spews on here, more power to them
See, there's a big difference
You can disagree, you can criticize, that's fine
But to say you don't have a right to be on because your opinion don't agree with ours or whoever
That's bull crap
Or to try to do it under the guys of some other bull crap
Unacceptable
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
Rock groups that don't get played enough on radio south here
Which in South Florida, which could be just about anybody
Anybody good?
That's one thing that very few people will disagree with me on
Is that the music on FM in this market is so bad
It's enough to make you want to take your radio and smash it with a ball penis hammer
Which of these statements best describes your sex life, 365 votes
Could be a lot better, 64
Okay, 62 could be better, 57
Sensational 56
Solo 36
Something in the past 32
Non-existent 31
Carlis nodded a couple of times
Not existent 31, week 15
And I'm desperate 12, he's nodding again
Desperate 12
This crazy rye, I wasn't really that good last night, huh?
He was making some pretty solid inroads, I thought
With Fat Boy?
Or Miguel
Fat Boy wasn't there
Fat Boy wasn't there, no one here
No, one of you tell me you had such a good time
What was Wendy Graber doing there?
He brought the tickets we were giving away
I see
That's a good excuse for him to show up
He did, yeah sure
Don't ever trust those guys with the ponytails
Okay, just remember I told you that
Always the horniest, the most dangerous
Do anything that moves
What do you mean that look?
How many guys with ponytails do we know?
Jeff Cohen
Right
And Woody
Woody Graber
Anybody else?
Mitch Lewis used to have a pony tail
But he cut it and they chopped it off
Not no more
So we know two guys with ponytails
And they're both like real preverts
Here's the facts from Wally and Deerfield
Who says Bush wore a spin in propaganda
And this is from the independent UK
Okay
UK
We are denuged with more threats from Washington
About states that sponsored terror
Washington journalist play a leading role in this propaganda
Take Eric Schmidt in New York Times a week ago
Wait until you hear this mid he wrote
He wrote a story about America's decision to confront countries
That sponsored terrorism and his sources
Senior defense officials, administration officials,
Some American intelligence officials, the officials,
Officials, military officials, terrorist experts, and defense officials
Why not just let the Pentagon write its own reports in New York Times
But that's what's changing
More and more Americans were that the president declined the service company in Vietnam
Realized that their newspapers are lying to them and acting as a conduit
For the US government alone
More and more Britons are tired of being told to go to war by their newspapers
And TV stations and politicians
Indeed I've guessed that far more Britons are represented today by the policies of President
Shirokha France than the Prime Minister Blair Britton
It says, in a story in the British UK independent
Dream Theater
What?
I'm saying these groups and you're like, he's looking at me like, why?
It says this group and other bands would something be blown away
I can't read the facts
It'll make you afraid
KPX has signaled it in crap out like a year ago and I don't know what happened yet
Yeah, probably got knocked off the air by the right wing
You know all those subversives at KPX all those little punks?
Our signal is better
Oh!
Our signal is better than anybody?
Our signal on 441 sounds better
Our signal doesn't, you can't complain about our signal on 441, it's non-existent
I'm coming back from the track last night which I didn't want to go to by the way
I'm coming back home and any K with a...
Ruhu-what?
You know like that
I didn't have to worry about hearing the Leafs game before I could check the tape that I made
I didn't have to worry about catching the score before I saw the outcome
because I couldn't understand it anyway
It's a miracle that we got anybody listening because you can't hear this thing
But we can go 50,000 watts!
Haha!
I always think I got a sense of humor that Greg or what?
How about Jack Elliott?
Velvet Underground
Velvet Underground?
Wall of Voodoo
They had...
Carlos is right down that hit
What did that wall of Voodoo do?
And the Almond Brothers
Oh that's what somebody called yesterday the Almond Brothers
They had what?
Wall of Voodoo had like one and a half hits
Yeah
What about Buffalo Springfield?
Don't you want to hear all their hits?
I've heard it
I don't want to hear it again
And I guarantee it's in this room
It's in this room somewhere for what it's worth but
There's something going down
And it looks kind of brown
And I think Carlos has something to do with it
Anyway so there's I don't know put whatever you want on there
We got 50 million of many huh?
So another one of those lists that will go on too long
This is like the businesses that went out of business you know?
There's just two damn many
It's about a 17-year-old partner
Sugar Rescue can make you hungry
Isn't this what I've always told you and finally I got it in my hand?
This is from the herald no less so that might possibly be some truth
Just in time for the crunch and munch of Girl Scout cookie sales
A new study is linking sugar consumption with how much Americans eat
And you know what that is that's called the Jane's Addiction to refine carbohydrates
How many years have been screaming about that?
100
And I'm going to the track and eating banana split layer cake
I'll put fat rich
Ask me if I wanted to go to the track last night
Did you want to know?
Pause a minute before you gobble up the thin-mintered chocolate smudged all about
What's that?
What's it all about?
It's about like...
No what is it all about?
No top there's eight
I don't know
A chocolate smudged all about?
You'll eat one but you won't stop there before you know maybe the entire pack is this free
This is my life right here!
I finally found it and we're sitting here busy arguing about the frickin' monkeys
And Jane's Addiction and the wall of DUDO
Oh my god
Researchers say there's a good reason for that
And we're not just talking about a lack of willpower
See?
Sitting in there called me a fat slob
With no restraints
We're talking about the paradox of a nature's sugar
And of that whole delicious family of simple and readily digested carbohydrates
That make up a hefty proportion of American diets
You eat them, they make you hungry
Oh!
I've been screaming about this for years
You eat stuff and it makes you hungry
Hungry or some science is contendent
And you were before you wolf down those thinments or that candy bar
Or those crackers made a refined white flour
Or that 60 ounce bottle of soda with sugar
Or those slices of white bread
Or potatoes
Yes we've been talking baked russet potatoes here
Tim russered potatoes
So what do you do? You reach for more of course it says
That's right
These are known as high glycemic foods
When eating without much else
That's why I can only have three crispy cream donuts
I can't eat it
If you brought in one here
When I finished with a one and you told me there were no more
I'd start climbing on a wall
I'd be like stamping my feet like a little child carrying on
Like I was having sugar shockers
I'm telling you
But you don't have it obviously because you don't like anything sweet anyway
You don't like anything
Chocolate
That's why you weigh about 14 pounds
That's why he's the only person I've ever met in my life can be than the sink
I will say Moa to even his advanced age must have good eyesight to find your balls
These are known as high glycemic foods
When eating without much else
They tend to cause spikes in our blood sugar right
And that's some sign to say triggers a chain of events that causes
Discacl between intense hunger and trips to the snack machine
Americans are chowing down on larger and larger amounts of high glycemic foods
Not just around girls cut us out cookie sale time but all year long right
A New York Times best seller sugar busters with ads crap
And the recent release of latest edition of the new glucose revolution
Oh, I have another book to read while I'm watching down
Some crap
Are among several books promoting diets with low glycemic levels
Although nutritionists have said not enough studies have been done to prove that I
In other words, they don't know anything
But this whole business about this refined carbohydrate edition
I've been screaming, I've been squealing, yelling, pleating, begging
At least maybe you can't help me to do something about it
But at least admit that that's what the problem is
You eat this crap and instead of satisfying your hunger
Instead of passing on, well I just have a little something that will carry me through there
No wrong
Well, it'll make you want more
And you'll have lots more
Don't you like more?
Oh yeah
Yes, you know what I'm saying?
In every
Smoars
The real ones, smored flavored
Right
Top tarts
How about Ben and Jerry Smoars ice cream?
Smoars ice cream?
Who likes that?
Somebody likes good?
Yeah, that's good
Smoars ice cream?
Mmm, and graham crackers
I love anything with marshmallows in it, you know?
Yeah
Except the course of...
Back to the test!
That's your territory
Well, you put the marshmallow on top, not in it
It's a topping after all
Why aren't you talking before about those chocolate covered cherries?
26 past noon
Don't even go there
Girlfriend
Don't go there, boyfriend
Girlfriend
Another day's gone by and a lot of you guys out there
It's stuck in a really horseball job, man
If you're looking for a high-paying career
Call our friends at Fast Train, they'll do it for you
Call 866 Fast Train
If you enroll now, you can be certified on the way to a new high-paying job
by April, Levine
If you can come into the United States of America,
you can have your certified as a computer professional by April, Levine
Pick up that phone and call Fast Train Tool 3
1-866 Fast Train
They offer a job placement, easy financing, day-night, and weekend classes for you too
Fast Train's got four convenient locations in Miami, Kendall, Pember Pines, and Fort Lauderdale
Just one simple call is all you need to start getting a big fat paycheck every couple of weeks
You'll be on the way to a great new exciting career too
Call Fast Train
There's no obligation to explain to you how it works
1-866 Fast Train
or check them out on the web at fasttrained.com
Torgasms, I fake warplug
Coming up tonight, on inside of the hind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
We take a good, hard, stiff look into stardom
They were controversial, cross-dressing heavy metal rock and rollers
They were Jerry Fowell and Jimmy Swaggerd
No, wait, sorry, they were twisted sisters
Oh, when I'm gonna take it, I'm gonna go home
I can't believe people were threatened by me
Twisted Sister Frontman, D. Snyder
I mean, even with the makeup, I made about the ugliest damn woman in the damn universe
Hell, I would never have f***ed me
And yet, for some reason, the band's simple message
Adults suck, school sucks, religion sucks
In fact, everything sucks, except buying twisted sister records
Was troubling to America's parents
In a 1985 senate hearing
Tegor, lashed out at the band
As a woman who's had a stick up her lily white ass for years
And hasn't gotten any decent oral effects from anybody
Ever
I feel uniquely qualified to tell other people how they should live
But D. Snyder's proudest moment
Can when US military forces moved into house manual Norega from the embassy in Panama
As a punishment, they blasted the music of twisted sister at him
Then President George Bush, senior, explains the decision
As a man who's had a stick up his lily white ass for years
And hasn't gotten any decent oral sex from anybody
Ever
I feel uniquely qualified to tell other people how they should live
Twisted Sister
They were the people your parents warned you about
If your parents warned you about fat ugly freaks with no talent
It's a big, juicy sobbing with look at your business tonight
An inside divine
1232-560-2M
Don't forget when you hear the Jim Manis and Angover show today
When you hear the sound of a hockey goal
When you hear the sound of a hockey goal
Be the fifth caller to the contest line
1-800-227-050-60
1-800-227-560 to win a pair of tickets to a Panther's home game
And you'll be qualified to win tickets to the NHL All-Star game on Sunday
Where they got a few stars playing and a whole bunch of nuts
Here's one that says if you put down Logan's and Messina
I didn't put them down, I said they were...
Oh, so you...
I understand what it's so when you just...
God...
What?
If you put down Logan's and Messina, then you must put down seals and crafts
Summer breeze between your knees
I'm in trouble
I like Diamond Girl
About three times
I don't want to hear it again
Well, that's to think with the monkeys
No, I want to hear the monkeys again
Play it
I don't have time to look for it
Although...
Emerson Lekken Palmer
Okay
And Asia
Now, why are you still writing this stuff down?
He's not...
Oh, good. He's writing other things down
Like what?
Neal Sucks, I did all this work for nothing
Why do I do this?
I'm not doing this pull
Now, I don't want people to feel that I conned them
Because I try not to do that on the show as far as the polls are concerned
Most of everything else I do
But, it's inane
Because as we're going along here, we realize
See, we all agree on one thing
The music on F-Amy here blows
In fact, here's the fact that it says where the hell is it?
That it's the worst in the history of the human race
And you're right
You're absolutely right
Here it is
From a record guy
Somebody in the music business
Who had real big fish
And mighty, mighty boss tones and sublime
He says, I'm in the music business
The music in this market is the worst ever played crap around
In the history, you're right
Michael?
Absolutely right
So, the point being
That we could name just about every group that anybody likes
And you'll never hear it
Right
Which is why I don't listen to FM
Because the music in this market is the worst
It's swell
Garbysh
So I didn't look at the dirty look
He goes out of corner of his eye
I can't be a dirty look
Yeah, because he's frantically writing stuff
That, look, at least he kept you in the chair
And from going out and doing all that magic
Do-do-do-doodoo, whatever you're doing
Ooh, voodoo-do-do-do-do
And smoking a limb faggot
And if that's probably why he's there doing magic do-do-do
He's smoking in those cancers
Because he's chained smoking the packs
Not just the individual ones
He's got the packs lined up
He just likes the whole thing
Dio
Dockin
Oh, dockin
White snake
This is definitely from Woody Graber
And Iron Maiden
Okay, whatever you say
Here's some more
Leon Russell and the Shelter People
11 Spoonful
Oh, is he still dead by the way?
Now, why do I- you gotta be careful, John Sebastian
died
Or is it- no, it wasn't John, it wasn't John's death
No, it wasn't John's death
Jeff from the- I'm Amazon and Papa's it was John
Papa John, I'm bigger friend
Papa John
Pizza
See, that's where my mind is now that got this in the article
Yeah, Philip
She's trick
I know what his- I know Michelle, Philips and Papa John
And all those glam I know who those people are
And Mama Cass with a ham sandwich
See, there's more food
It's your fault, you're the one that got me start with this food crap
And we're talking about that dim- what was it?
Oh, that's right, the hot pugs on there with the chocolate with the cherries
And then of course the s'mores
Yeah, we have- how come we don't hear no more s'mores?
5, 6, 7, oh
Oh 5, 6, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8,
8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8, 8
You know, there are so few good places out in western Brown, I mean, it's really sad, at least in the acres is very rare unless you like Denny's a lot, you know? And how many times can you eat that grand slam? So anyway, if you want to take out or delivery in plantation and that's the location of the Sunrise right beyond Walgreens, 954-382-1999, the good news for us is it's the same great delicious fresh food, cook the order, the same low prices, and the same friendly fast service. Pizza lock 954-382-1999, the plantation location on the Nabil and Sunrise,
right behind world famous Walgreens, and guess what? What? I'm shopping there again.
I'm selling so high, and you're down close, and then head my giski's hard-twisted view.
There's my bad news of say-dee, I don't know right now, just guess it's high that's driving me crazy, I'm incredibly cross the room here,
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
ok nends finemm well, enjoy thatstudio everyone, listen children too Avee!
I've got all the shit in my kishty yard twisted to you.
From 46 to 560 WQM, that's for Carlos who's had a little problem today.
Here's a fact from Jean who just can't seem to get it right.
Jean Rogers, no less, which I'm embarrassed that we share the same last name all at least
hopefully yours is real.
Don't forget, no OJ stories that are called 9.11 on last night.
Ten o'clock right out of the box after 9 to 10 hours.
What was our first story, George?
OJ.
OJ.
Thanks Jean, but as usual.
Several hours late and short.
This is really good.
Freedom Flour.
Here's a good website, the Alliance for Democracy.org.
The Alliance for Democracy.org.org.
Freedom Flour.
I don't have time to be the whole thing that goes along with it,
but nevertheless, they're distributing these for people that have got a brain.
800 bombs on Baghdad.
The Pentagon is planning to fire 800 cruise missiles on Baghdad
in the first two days of the war on Iraq.
One cruise missile can destroy battleship or a large building.
800 missiles are more than double the number of the US used against Iraq and all of the Gulf War.
Most importantly, there are five million innocent civilians living in Baghdad today.
The carnage will be unreal.
The plan is called shock and awe.
One Pentagon official suggested it would be like nuclear weapons at Hiroshima.
CBS News reported all this on January 24th.
Any American who witnessed the events of 9.11 can relate to the terrible concept of shock and awe.
When civilians are targeted deliberately,
when their bodies are smashed and left to gush their lifeblood into the dust of the street,
we're all diminished and discussed and horrified.
Ask yourself if you wish to be parted into this kind of action,
taking against the city of civilians who had nothing whatsoever to do with the 9.11 attacks,
finally, consider the very real fact that such a deliberate attack in civilians
will definitely motivate all those terrorists we still haven't caught
because we're spending so much time on Iraq to attack us here at home again.
Think about it.
Here in America, we believe in freedom and equality.
We also have the propagated name Patriot Act, which allows federal officers
to enter your home without warrant or notice,
which allows them to tap your phone and email,
which allows them to collect every bit of personal information available
and place it away total information and wear this database
to be managed by the Department of Defense.
Here in America, we respect life.
We also prepare for war against the nation that,
while ruled by a terrible despot,
is done nothing to threaten or harm us.
War against Iraq will kill tens of thousands of people, just like you and me.
War against Iraq will bring more terrorism here.
War against Iraq will kill hundreds of thousands of our soldiers
and expose these surviving troops to terrible diseases,
like Gulf War Syndrome, which fully disabled almost 30% of veterans
from the last war over there.
Here in America, we believe we can do good.
Here in America, right now, we can do better.
We must for our sake and for the sake of our children.
How do you like that?
I like it.
Find more about these people in this so-thing,
the Alliance for Democracy.org, ORG.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Which of these statements best describes your sex life we asked today?
434 votes.
Could be a lot better, 76.
Okay.
Yeah, but wait a second.
Wrong one.
Come on, Phil.
Okay.
Thank you.
75.
Could be better, 71.
Sensational 64, 14.7%.
Solo 40.
Non-existent 39.
Something of the past 34.
As in what?
Week 20 and I'm desperate 15.
So take a look at that.
Okay.
And sensational is like 31.
What is it?
About 31%.
You know what percent that leaves for the rest?
What?
69.
See, there he goes again.
I learned it from George.
So it's a blubble, blubble messages.
69%.
Over 31% and almost 69% are either like weak or non-existent or all alone in the corner.
Sit and play in Jazeal on the Internet.
Hi there, I'm Jazeal.
I'm looking for a, what else?
An 18-year-old young man.
Who's really well built and muscular with a very fine, large firm number.
Yeah.
Or maybe it's like,
Hi I'm Jazeal.
I'm looking for like a 12-year-old.
Anyway, there are a lot of those, man.
A lot of those are on there.
In fact, Mad Dog yesterday had a good point.
That is if you took away the perverts and the, you know, the Internet, the chat rooms,
the no life.
And what was the other one?
He said there were like three categories.
And if it took them out of there, there wouldn't be much left.
I mean, there's some good stuff on there, like that thing I just read.
There's a lot of really good and interesting stuff.
And the stuff we put on our website every day, the really juicy productive stuff there.
Good stories.
See, we give you a little bit of everything.
We give you our goofy pool like that today.
And then we give you some goofy pictures of us, which we can't do much better.
And then we give you some good stories on there.
Like for example, today, what do we got on there?
And I don't do this off it enough.
Because I wish more people to go to our website,
which check out the bedtime stories on there,
which you'll notice I'm not wasting everybody's time reading them on the air
because it's ponderous.
Let's see, the hanging gun from Richard Cohen.
Our Burgers, fries and kebabs addictive, which is very much like a story.
I'm reading since his daughter calls 911 to complain against him.
Tell Jean Rogers that we had that sex survey.
Are you average, which ties him with a pull we're taking?
Bishop to appear in anti-war commercial.
Web site.
Web site meeting their finalist and bondage is bondage star, et cetera.
Good stuff.
We had some great ones on there yesterday.
But a lot of people are just not going to read that stuff,
which is all the more reason for me to sit here and read it on the air is like,
you know, hearing this one little corner of the world that we're in,
which ain't much.
94 1 at 560 WQ AM.
Your hair is gone.
Let me tell you right now.
There's only one intelligent thing to do.
I mean, you can paste them on.
You can get some crazy glume on there.
Now it would be kind of cute like remember David Ferry had the eyebrows.
Right.
Sweep it up.
Put it back on.
Sweep it off the floor.
Go into your neighborhood barbershop and pick up a whole crap load of hair.
Don't even have to make match.
And just crazy glute on your head or go see my good buddy Chuck Alphierry.
He'll make you look great.
All you guys have basically given up because your ball spot is ugly and gross and shiny
and getting bigger and bigger.
That's the only thing on your body.
It's getting bigger up in your public.
The answer for his Chuck Alphierry.
He's got the latest technology.
He's got the natural hairline system.
For over 25 years, Charlie's been helping rich guys and guys in the middle and shleppers
like most of you.
Because no matter how much you want to spend, you can't get a better, more natural looking piece
than Chuck's natural hairline system.
And you have nothing to lose but that embarrassing ball spot because everybody gets Charlie's
30 day guarantee.
If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if your sex life doesn't go from
weak to spec, tack it or Charlie give you a full refund.
And if you mention the Arrogance, you get an extra 200 bucks off the regular price.
And Charlie also services and repairs all kinds of hairsprings while you wait.
It usually improves them tremendously for only 25 to 30 bucks.
So if you really want to get your hair back, if you don't want holes in the head, if you
want a dead animal on the top of your forehead, get the natural hairline system from the one
and only, Charlie's Alphierry.
Call them tool free, 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website, CharlesAlphierry.com.
Live and local.
We're Sports Radio 560s.
You ain't.
You ain't.
You ain't.
Isht with the sewer of this place.
Did you see our ratings for the last book?
Yeah, I know what that is.
Sure.
Could it possibly be us?
What you're back to back before you won't wait for long.
No more, no more, no more, no more, no more.
What you're back to back before you won't wait for long.
No more.
I got enough.
I got to think about it on top of getting right there and I don't need a rating that's
a minus eight.
Don't care what you do longer than something that's got to wake a little hotter on the
desk to your mom.
A ruse of guts to go.
There's a lot of fat producers, you know.
That's right.
What you're back to back before you won't wait for long.
No more, no more, no more.
What you're back to back before you won't wait for long.
God, gruddle, all that glove I don't understand.
How you can eat from a truff while you was in both ends.
You have things that much you made a rating school.
You just like Clinton, it's all you are for.
And it's straight, you fat ass out.
Well, we'll take the food out of you now.
That's right.
Put your back to back before you won't wait for long.
No more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more.
Check you back to back before you're won't wait for long.
This is what we said.
Check you back to back before you won't wait for long.
No more, no more, no more, no more no more, no more.
What you're back to back before you won't wait for long.
I am.
Harvey, I did talk a lot unusual jokes.
Well, I allowed you to talk on confused jokes.
malicious comments.
購forthead.actaniasluud.actaniasluud.actaniasluud.actaniasluud.actaniasluud.actaniasluud.actaniasluud.actaniaslu Прoyan'sbeak
clone is in
Israel court told
Isn't it amazing this is on the front page of the hero today I mean it was on all of the local newscasts yesterday
And we'll hear where the public by putting it on here again a judge and four lottery up close is inquiry into the well-being of baby
Eve on Wednesday after was announced in court that the alleged baby clone is in Israel not in Broward
Not in
Now that we can you know put that to rest now we can start looking for all those little babies that were running around on passions
Tabithas babies from passions
Those little funky looking miss bizarre two-dimensional babies. Oh, it's big in a passions by the way big day today
I guess they already know that Antoni was gonna get the serum the whatever the experimental drug
They know that no that's not syrup the serum the the drug maple. He's getting the drugs
Something else you can get excited about
And I still say that that blonde that plays Sheridan on that show if she isn't the hottest looking thing on daytime TV
I have no I'd be side McGill I have no idea who is she's beautiful nobody ever made. I don't know what her name is
And you don't watch the show and I'm telling you right now. She is everything you'd want
If you heat the syrup up before you put it on the pancake or you put it
Brack them and
In fact, maybe you could meet her on Sheridan Street. Did you tell me or somebody else tell me that they've staked an ale
On Sheridan Street is boarded up and is out of business. I didn't tell you that they are that's what I heard
Remember we were doing those 85 shows on your favorite business
We couldn't shut off this big or the freeway because people wouldn't stop talking about steak and ale somebody said
They said they don't know all of them are shut down, but I'll quite of them. I don't want to like you in fact
They're like last month or something or two of you. Oh something like that. Well take a peek. I will share in the street
I mean on yeah, it is I'm sure it's trading between 441 and like whatever else right right
East of 445 oh my god if that place is closed we're gonna like we're gonna like protest and demonstrate in the streets aren't we?
Yeah, we'll go somewhere else, but that place was closed
We're so pissed off if that place isn't still there. We're gonna go someplace else
