You know there are no warning, it's time for Hall of Burton to get busy
Out of patience at a time, let's get those oil fields online
If humans have to die, well that's a pity
I'm the late one
We're marching in, walking tall, like John Wayne with pink balls
Kill anyone who dares get in our way
Walk in the ground, who it is, for women down to little kids
We've got the pump that oil rattle in
Because war is good for business, my love grew
War is good for business, and global crossing too
War is good for business, and friends of three
War is good for business, even MSNBC
Who's that?
You asshole
Point the camera over here, look at the woman
Welcome fears of people glad to see us
The radar act
Only the spin machine knows what the camera doesn't show
All the rifles we got pointed at their backs
Our trouble can't work in fine
Got the goose nebbing in line
Those warrants will buy anything we say
And those who choose to follow
Fly will be rewarded in kind
With cheaper prices at the public pay head
They'll say that war is good for business
Only well
War is good for business, and Ron and Beckton
War is good for business, he is right
War is good for business, and friends of three things to love
Who's this?
Oh
Look at these pictures, baby, US tanks roll in the bag there
Yeah
I'll tell you a powerful image is man
And the people are getting brainwashed big time
I'm sitting here looking at this and thinking
Yeah
Is it emotional?
Yeah, of course it is
All wave and American flag, all these teenagers out there
All these people
We're in Baghdad, no more Sodom
It looks like he's either dead or badly injured
Or
Neither of the above depending on which
How come the overhead is so loud today
Do you hear that?
Good God is this thing cranked up
I can't even turn a goddamn thing
By the way, the good news here is the better news even than that
Now you didn't pay much attention
The overhead there's something wrong with this thing
It's too loud
Too loud
Oh, it must be because the speaker was put
Maybe they did something with it
This thing is grotesque
Anyway, to see how Holyo fat Holyo engineer lost 25 pounds
You don't understand?
I noticed that he's lost something in
I said to him, I think I embarrassed you into it
And he said, you're probably right
How do you like that?
Yeah, see
These people in the audience who think I'm a hardass and tell people
You're a disgusting fat slob
Which I'm a fat slob too but at least I admit it
And I'm always working on it and the fat too
But I embarrassed him into it
Sometimes that's a good thing
Rather than saying, oh, Eugene, don't worry about it
You know, you're pleasantly plump
But that's what he thought he was pleasantly plump
He was a gigantic fat tub of crap
I mean, he's a good guy
But he was a big tub
I think the overhead is streaming on now
I mean, maybe not
Doesn't sound right
Maybe they replaced that speaker
Maybe they'd dicked around with the speakers
And then sound too good to me
Sounds really bad, muff
Sounds really bad
Get the whole crew in here
And start working on this
You'll be pleased at all
By the way, speaking of how things feel in sound
That Moe came to the door this morning
I was sitting here about 830
And stuck and said, hey, there's Skippy
There's a real rocket scientist for you
That's right
I said, oh, you made for me
You're the best man
I always said, this Skippy
If there's one guy in the sales department we can count on
It's that little Skippy
I used to have a dog named Skippy
But he's been dead for a long time
That Skippy, you're okay
I mean, compared to like fat boy
You're okay
Which ain't saying much
Here's my oh, you made for blood pressure
I'm gonna pop a couple of
Pop a couple of
Couple of
Couple
Yeah
Right here on the years
What I'm gonna do
See, I'm all worked up because Moe came
And he said, feeling okay
And I waived
I said, never better
I gave him the old thumbs up
We have American flag
Hotel and the
Meridian
Palestine Meridian hotel
So at a Palestine hotel again, we just got bad aim, you know
We said that the shots came from the lobby
All that supposed
Sniper fire
Which all the journalists said there wasn't any sniper fire
But we said it came from the lobby
And then all of a sudden it was shooting up on the 15th floor
So I guess we must just have bad aim once in a while
And nothing's perfect
It's war, you know, war is hell
Right
Collateral damage, man
Just one of those things
Here's my oleo oleo med
Open it up the box
So what was I just about to say before that little
Nitwood Skippy came in here, boy, see
How much of it was that
He's got a dangerous looking isn't he
I mean kind of like in a
I don't mean dangerous like
Offensively but like
You know what I mean
Like if brains were dangerous he'd be a lot safer
Or is it the other way around
I don't know
Here's my oleo med for blood pressure
Beautiful, thank you very much guys
That's my close personal pizons at oleo med
This is good stuff
So anyway, let's see you got a
Fax here says good luck to your Leafs and a playoffs
Rip in the Panther organization
This fact I don't have time to talk about the panthers today
Because last time I checked the playoffs start tonight
Are they in it?
No
No, they're not
As usual
It's become
Oh and talk about neurotic repetition
This is going to be like yes they
I'm going to ramble a lot
Got a lot to say
And plus we have the big noon to one hour today
Which we will continue doing
We like it a lot
Love it
We love it on this show
It's better what some people might say
You asshole
Like him
Now he's very concerned about how I feel
Naturally he just slow on the uptake
He doesn't understand that we hate him like poison
And he just he's in denial
He's like a guy that beats his wife and kids
And then just you know
Blays it up to the point where they never want to see him again
And he comes back to the door saying
Oh are you guys okay
I mean he didn't really mean it
You know it's like the same thing
You know
I heard that knit with Scott that called him this morning on the way to work
I wanted to the knit with Scott guy
He sounded just like that's why I played it to he sounded like
Kits off gets me fired up when I hear someone say that
Like that guy I think it was him Scott
You're a knit with Scott
See the audience has a difficult time relating
That's why we had a jerk call in yesterday
Wow this is all for ratings to get people
It's got nothing to do with ratings
It's just they're confused
Because in the history of their lives
They've never heard any any person
So vilified and crucified as Mo
And of course
Because they've never met anybody like Mo
They've never been I've never myself
Been in a situation like this
Where everybody in a building just finds him
Detestable unacceptable on a human on a visceral level
As Mr. Ego would say on a visceral level
But that's all your fault
It must be on my fault
I guess I was the one to try and force him to try to get George fired
And start with all that race baiting crap
And all of a sudden a bull crap
Yeah, it must have been my fault
Now it must have been me that told him
Hey go after Doreen out there if that's a golf tournament
Right didn't I tell him that
He did go attack that nasty bitch
Make her life miserable
Make her wish that she that he was dead
Like I said Mo
I feel great in fact I'm in good shape to dance on your grave
So let me know I don't want to be out of town when it happens
I want to be here
Willy T. Ribson I'm going to do a little tap dance
Sammy Davis said he might just come back for a little while
Just just long enough to do it
Yeah
I'm putting taps on my shoes man
With my old lime green pants
My 72 year old pants and my prune juice
I'm putting some taps on his shoes
Suspected execution side actually a more
I just mentioned this in passing
I don't want to pee on your parade because obviously it's a glorious day for the
Invader lovers. I mean the award lovers. I mean the Liberation
Attack on Iraq. I keep thinking about that about the different logos like on cbc
As opposed to our operation Iraqi freedom
But bag that has fallen the American tanks are up and down the streets
I believe there isn't any given directions
They're standing out there with their rifles
No sort of control do they have over this country
Even the Iraqi minister
Information minister is gone which I'm going to miss him
He was a hoot
He was almost as funny as the clowns Sodom that was out there in the streets that we saw those tapes over and over again
The Iraqi information. We are still in control here and there's no problem
The Americans were going to kill them every one and there's nobody here
They're not in the city and the
And there's tanks and the tanks who right behind them and the bombs are like bursting in air right behind
He was a client who was very amusing very entertaining
But he's he's a evidently a whole day. It's what the expression might be. They're all gone
They're all gone
What's ice full of money I heard the the best
Guess that we can give is the well depends on which report you want to believe but Sodom evidently was injured badly
Seriously along with one son and the other son whose name which one was it
Uh kuse
Kuse he was killed is what they're saying
And the rumors that Sodom and the one son are in
Mosul and they're trying to get to Syria to get medical attention because they're like badly hurt
Not going to get any tears from me on that
scumbags
Now if I really believe we were in there to remove the scumbags for the right reasons
I would say oh right. Yeah, but I'm not gonna do it
I'm trying very hard not to get swept up because this is so emotional all these pictures
Then you was gonna be yeah, I was part of the plan
But I hate and of course three weeks to the day wasn't that three weeks ago tonight that they dropped the first
Bunker busters when they started two days ahead of time. Yep. Three weeks to the day
But I hate to break the news as I started to say before Carlos interrupted that
This is this is the easy part in spite of all the bloodshed and the thousands and thousands of dead civilians and the
Thousands of other injured and wounded and of course the ally troops the whatever we're not the allies what we call it the coalition sorry
Uh, this that was the easy part now comes the hard part. I got a really good facts here from William
I want to read it momentarily
Oh did I mention the thing about these suspected executions side actually a morgue I'll get to that lots of good stuff
We got the poor result from yesterday. We got a great new pool. We got the new to one comedy bits hour
Life is sweet baby WQ I am
Uh Howard
Yeah Howard Howard David is Goldie there. Peace. Uh Goldies on the can
The best call of day
The first one it can only get better from that nice go answer. Let's light it up a little bit
We don't want to get more but again. We try to like alternate alternate more bid days with lighthearted
You know, I don't want to get immersed in all the morbidity
Let's give people a few yucks here is who determines who gets the contract. Yeah
Wow my timing strikes again just as I put my finger on it who's gonna get all those big contracts
So we'll rebuild the countries and do get those oil fields up and go it again and oh
Boy, I guess we better ask condolese and
Dick Cheney and those guys some other dick
Love it past nine at five sixty WQ. I'm gonna be before I do this bottom
I'm gonna pop a couple of olio med my purse and you can be a witness look at that
For my blood pressure my pressure is gonna be so low. I'm probably gonna be in a coma
Huh you'll see why
There goes one oh
There goes two at the same time
Oh, that's good stuff and you can you can it doesn't linger in your mouth, but you can taste the olive oil in it, you know
Really yes, I thought it was like the capsule cover all that stuff
It is but you can when you first take them you can taste what you want to know that there's something in it
That's true. Jesus. What what is wrong with you? You know, I think you hung around George too long
If you say if it sounds like I'm in a really good mood is cause George is off this week
Not that I don't love George very much and appreciate all the tremendous things he's done for this show
I can't think of any at the moment, but it's just a pleasure not that I mean
And of course tonight we got treasure island with Carlos and Miguel are gonna be there
No George to like hustle everybody to try to get something
See by people to be a little lucky. We'll talk about that lots of good stuff going on here at QM because Baghdad fell maybe
Yeah, it's in the Baghdad
In fact, you probably want to call your travel agent right now get over there the hotels are gonna be beautiful
Don't stay at the Palestine hotel though not yet. I'll let you know when
How many times have you heard an opportunity and you didn't act you didn't reach out and just grab it
You missed out right now is one of those times rarely does an opportunity interrupt you but this one should interest rates have gone down even lower
Financial group is offering interest rate of 3.45 percent then lowered it to 2.95 percent now rates have gone down even lower believe it or not
I'm gonna wait by agree
2.45 percent financing with financial group let me say it again
2.45 percent call financial group toll free at 180940 land
How long will these low interest rates last who to hell knows but probably not very long
It's a window of opportunity so hop right through it with the national group and get an incredible or rate of just
2.45 percent and save yourself a Schmidt load of cash call financial group toll free at 180940 land
And let me tell you what 2.45 percent financing will do to those monthly payments if you have a
$200,000 loan you pay only
$786 bucks a month if you have a
$100,000 loan you pay only
393 bucks a month chump change so do it now call financial group
180940 land that's 180940 le and either an equal housing lender credit restrictions do apply rates are subject to change without notice
5.34 APR
Other train monkey
If you watch only one reality show this season you'll want to watch the show where the kids finally get into the action
Tonight on Fox the premiere of touched by an American Idol young boys from all over the country will compete for the affection and fortune of American icon
Michael Jackson that's the beautiful thing touched by an American Idol what's it doing now?
It's called growing and changing its reality TV like no other and you get to vote on who gets to sleep and Michael's bed
Touched by an American Idol Tuesday night at 10 on Fox
What's wrong with sharing alone but I don't want to share
Well, here's an interesting facts here in Eagle Arab Sublight TV is showing cheering crowds in Baghdad greeting your US Marines as other crowds
griefily loot Iraqi government buildings
uh american TV showing jubilant Curtis demonstrators in northern Iraq as the mercenary fed iEem are being killed by the thousands
British TV journalist have taken us through an Iraqi secret police station in Basra as locals tell of years of torture of men
Women even children in the depths of the building in light of these current events blind opposition in this war is beginning to look ridiculous
Of course, I was never blindly opposed to what i'm still not okay blind opposite
Says so the question for you today is can a man in your position afford to make himself look ridiculous
Still a fan Gregory and Coral Springs Gregory
That's my comment to you. Okay, it wasn't blind opposition and i'm still not blind and you're the one with the blinders on okay
But these are very very heartening pictures and it's wonderful if we if you really believe that we're gonna go around the world
Because we're so benevolent and free all of the oppressed peoples of the world then i got some wonderful swampland in the glades man
I'll sell you real cheap, okay?
Gritty or nobody ever criticized the ends just the means
Are you starting it again?
Carlos is starting it again, okay?
Can't help it
In addition to which i did criticize the ends because the ends is gonna be a US puppet government
In fact, that's what the big argument is now which are not the visions that you see on your screen
All we did talk about it at length last night between the brits and the you win any merkins and of course
Uh Bush is saying ah you went in gonna, you know, of course yesterday
He said the right thing in Ireland because it was because Tony Blair was standing right there. You want him to
slap me in the pus
That's right you want Tony to butcher up for just a moment reach over and just slap him on the side of the head
Of course you're reached over in your slap moe on the side of the head
I'd like to see that like to see that piece of your skull flying right off
Man, that would be a hoot
So anyway, thanks very much for your costic um glad you're still listening okay Gregory, but you know
But here's the fact that this agrees also, but it's uh at least a little more tolerant of opposing views
It says Neil all the way agree with you 99% of the time and to prove that i'm currently reading stupid white men
Did not vote for any bushing would have paid for aliens one way ticket home and even though we do not agree on the war
I respect your opinion and you're ineligible right to voice the same maybe from a for the moment you may feel the same
What one thing about this war is that either you're forward or against it now
There's some people like on the fence and especially now they're like wow, I don't know
These pictures are pretty uh awesome
So what's it so it's agreed we will not change either one's opinion he said absolutely correct
That's right nor should we he so well we could this is William
He says to that and i'd like to give an alternative point of you regarding the war
I don't know how much of a threat Sodom Hussein is or potentially could have been to the west in the past or may have been in the future
And that we may never know i can't believe that Hussein has any regard for american life when we know he has no regard for the lives of his own citizens
My hope is that if this war accomplishes one thing and one thing only that is to give any other rogue nation's second thoughts when considering a terrorist attack on our country
And the consequences of an attack then i'll consider the innocent lives lost not to have been in vain
Actually, I didn't think it was a rogue country that was behind 9-11 wasn't a country
Anyway
Do I believe we're using iraq and our superior fighting power over to make our point?
Yes, but if we do nothing doesn't that leave us open in that for future terrorism
I would hate to find out later that we should have done a bit more proactive
We lost 3,000 innocent lives on 9-11 those folks had no warning at least the civilians in Baghdad
Do we were coming to get out on time he's talking about the ones that are still alive
I do not want my child to live in fear and he has since that fateful day
And if this is what it takes to protect the US and her citizens and i agree
Thank goodness the people in Baghdad last year we've seen been living in fear
You know what?
And still a lot of them i'm sure are you know like they're putting on a good face right here and hoping for the best
Ah, i'm mannequins very very good bush is good you know, of course. What do you want him to say?
If it was the Russians that were like with their tanks downtown Baghdad
Puntaing very good puntaing we like puntaing you know they'd be saying that
Very very good but come very very good
Let's have a drink that's that's what they'd be saying
So anyway, thank you waiting for at least being a reasonably you know you're obviously an intelligent guy
And you're entitled to your opinion, but i think that it's a real stretch
To rationalize all of the bloodshed and the crap that's going on all the lies too by the way the unbelievable propaganda
Oh speaking of propaganda the really even better news is now did you see that the US has taken over iraqi radio and tv
Yeah, we can put the guy then comedy channel on here now
Right we can put fox news on there for the air fox news baby all spin all day
So that he uses weapons of mass destruction what weapons oh, i'm sorry
And iraqi warehouse full of skeletal human remains appears to have been a repatriation facility for soldiers killed
During the iraq war in the 80s not a torture chamber or execution site just another example
Just like those weapons of mass destruction that turned out to be pesticide but you hear very little about that
On the weekend British troops engage in a security sweep of an abandoned military camp on the ox grits of zubir southern Iraq
Found a makeshift morgue filled with 664 wooden coffins and the remains of up to 400 nade people and of course the media were hyperventilating
Oh look at this not to say that he didn't torture and kill a lot of people because we know that he did just like caster is done
Oh, i'm sorry
They initially thought they discovered a secret iraqi execution site
A nearby courtyard had what appeared to be a custom built shooting gallery and an office containing with a british officer said were
Cells with meat hooks in the ceilings and catalogs filled with photographs of people who have been shot in the head or badly mutilated
But after preliminary investigations
A special US military war crimes documentation units said the bodies maybe those soldiers killed in the iraq war
Forensic scientists examined some of the bodies and determined the injuries were all war related
Chief warrant officer Dan Walter is leader of the task force criminal investigation division said the remains in some of the documents
Suggested Iraqi officials have been preparing to exchange the bodies with Iran up to a million people died in the Iran Iraq war of the 1980 to 88
In which of course Sodom was our good close personal friend and we gave them all of our tangible support including all the weapons and
muffins of mess destruction he needed
The two countries are still trying to account for tens of thousands of soldiers have been listed as missing
Uh, Walter said the documents found up to site list all dead people in the facility by name rank and nationality
Some of the bags of human remains examined by US and British investigators also contain personal effects like wallets uniforms and ID tags
So it had nothing to do with being a torture chamber. It's I just mentioned that in passing
As part of the propaganda campaign there just dazzled the masses out there. Oh, you see that he was a bad guy
No kidding. Here's another great piece of stuff from the
Sun sentinel they let it to the editor from herman mz. Edmund pompano beach well
Now herman may be under the age of 100 by I don't know people are right letters to the other generally turn out to be over the age of 100
herman says biased headline
Pist off at the Sun sentinel is herman. He says your March 22nd headline at Baghdad Marketplace carnage
Give the wrong impression. Isn't there a war going on? It should read for American servicemen killed by suicide bomber whose side are you on?
Oh
That you know right there. Herman great letter because that says it all
That says it all from the America firsters, you know from the field you just dummy up. Okay, you have no right to say those things
You're eating and abetting the enemy right
Whose side are you on it should read this in fact you people have the Sun sentinel don't make any headlines anymore
Herman will tell you what to just put them on the payroll. He'll tell you what the headlines should read
As herman picks and chooses selectively the what news that we're going to pick up what propaganda I mean what news
You're right. It's very difficult not to get very enthralled by these pictures are great
You know something you know something I'm not very very happy for the liberated
Racky people who are you know at least the suckin are pretty good and looting getting some good free TVs and chairs and stuff
But that that's the small picture like rum spell says that's the little slice of the pie
We're looking at and of course the TV images, you know also very selectively are showing us what they want to show us
Not all the dead people. Oh, there was some stuff on yesterday
Wow, did you see any of it? Yeah, oh
The people who just happened to be in a wrong place at the wrong time
Man really I'm surprised they showed it nasty nasty stuff
You're ready Rex the large city. I mean, they're just showing us one little block kind of a bagdad today
No, this is also going on in northern Iraq. They showed they've got some spots around where the people are like wave and American flag now
They're doing USA USA. Let's go mess. Let's go. Oh, so speaking of let's go mess
I don't want to spend much time out of cuz it's beating a dead horse and I do understand this is a sports radio station
Okay, so 16 hours a day
Outside of this show in a jone mark show they have to they have to find desperately some crap to talk about related with sports
But this thing with a marlin's it. Oh gee, there were only 10,000 people
I don't think there was even 10,000 because I saw a couple of meetings on TV last night
The met and several thousand of those were met fans of course with all the New Yorkers we have done here
That's a given so nobody nobody showed up. What else is new? I mean, you're beating a dead horse. Don't you understand it?
I'm thinking the SPC ought to start checking his place out. You're beating a dead horse
They don't care they didn't care before and they're not gonna care anymore. Okay, they disemble
They've been screwed over in the beginning. They didn't care
They hopped on a bad wagon when at big year 97 and all of a sudden in the last playoff series
They started selling out in the world serious. Hey, we love them marlins
You know how this sounded this is not a baseball town. It's never gonna be you could put another stadium on every street corner
Okay, you can have Pudge Rodriguez and Jo Fernandez and Alex Fernandez and Carlos Sanchez you can have all Julio ball player
They don't care. They're not interested
Don't buy and the weather must have been the reason yesterday. Oh, beautiful evening. I mean perfect
Just fantastic
They don't care but they keep beating it and flage-lating it you talk about boring
So I'm not gonna be further with again just mention that in passing because like I said I have lots lots and lots of business to take care
Nobody q.a.m. Oh
Baby
Don't start with them all my stroke case my good buddy now is concerned about my health and welfare
Right, I think his Alzheimer's kicking and I really do
I think the weight of that muskrat on his head has started to affect what used to be his brain
Don't you understand him what we hate you you're in denial. We hate you Hank hates you mad dog won't say it on here
But he hates you the people in programming they hate you
Carlos hates you George really hates you the people are work on your show hate you. I don't want to mention no names
They hate you
So so what's not I mean if you can deal with that deal with it. That's all I can say but don't come sucking around here like you're concerned about my health
The stress and the grief that this man is caused in just over here in this place is
incalculable okay
incalculable
You couldn't put a measuring stick on it. So just stick it. Well anyway the point yesterday who or what do you fear the most?
We had 1439 votes Carlos pretty impressive. I mean be your boy
We're religious fanatics 474
George W. Bush 343
lost their freedoms 182
terrorist 156
Moe Howard David did
91
John S. Croft 62 World War 61 while he must be listening to James Woolsey
about W. W. W.
4 George Rodriguez 47 he's scary and Donald Rumsfeld 23
So religious fanatics George Bush and loss of freedoms were the top three and of course I see a lot of similar and a little slap over there
Where we heard
One of the air reporters talking to one of them re-insane now USA good USA good we love Bush we love Bush
But whatever they're saying you know
Because we made them an offer they couldn't refuse you know, but I'm being that's right just like Santino said in a godfather
He said the being your blood it brains all over you nice side relief suit. That's right
And just don't take no for an answer
So now it's gonna be I'm telling you the people on the other side of this whole war thing
They're just look at this three weeks to the day only three weeks and a tensor runs through Baghdad
They're knocking on those Sodom statues and we liberated the poor Iraqi oppressed people
Right wait till I'm gonna tell you what's really gonna be exciting when we go to Jamaica
You think this was good when we go to Jamaica
That'd be fantastic especially when we light all those fields on fire
Everybody all the soldiers are gonna be stoned out of their minds
Huh Jamaica's on fire
Mon hope it
I hope they bring back the draft for that one
I just want to hope that their
Wind is blowing in the right direction
28 past nine and wq and hey, I'll tell you I was talking before about
Fat Julio fat is but not only looks bad, but boy it is unhealthy take it from a fat old slime like me
It does also to give you the diabetes and high blood pressure and strokes and heart attacks and something called premature death
Not good look at John candy, huh?
If you want to lose the weight there's all different kinds of ways
There's zillions of ways believe me all of us fat folks know we try them all the food from balance for life by the way is better than ever
I mean it is outstanding and they prepare all the food for it
They bring you a little black sack right to your door every morning by six at your home
Your work wherever you're hanging out at your strip club and all your food for days in it each day three delicious gourmet meals two delicious snacks
Right there along with a little bottle of water too is kind of a bonus and you pick up between two choices for each meal
That's all the only choice you have to make it simple even the dumbest fat is slob can do it look at the beast
There's a good example for us picking that and the food is fresh and delicious made with the most beautiful ingredients
You've ever seen nothing frozen or artificial ingredients no garbage none of those little tiny cans of crap like used to get from
Putrid systems and those other joints so if you want to lose the weight the delicious and safe way and the effective way
Here's the way to do it forget about all those fat diets because this isn't the fat
It's scientifically based on a zone diet and really works here's the number to call to check out balance for life 954
568 3229 stop being frustrated and carrying around those unhealthy grotesque compounds lose the weight now balance for life called 954
568 3229 or check out on the worldwide web if you like balance for life.com
We are supporting you 516
UAM
We hate you mo
I am mohar with the day that the crepe is and I mentioned all of my old face are blue and red is purple
face I don't know why they hate me all right they always wait me it must be because I got this blue and red is purple
A mazm on my arm like a ramic now he mappalaka what I got beans on my nose and nobody knows that under my clothes
I wear pimp the hose but that no mean that I'm gay if you take my arms away
I'd you want to see my legs I might as well keep on smoothing shave to show little glazed the next time I'm raping it
I could go to a surgeon but that gives me the shivers I would not want to walk on looking like Joan Rivers
Where am I?
I'm higher the beast the fat little freak I did him a favor now
We can afford the meat the reason I dismissed that stink and fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up and he can't play
Connected
Somebody talk over there. Nobody talks when I rap. I rap then you talk
Like look at me. I'm big head. I ain't no square. I'm a thing done. That he man. I'm really dead
I buy a ready what I want. I don't care which believe they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair
I got fired myself it even happens to the Greeks
Westwood one said you'll get out of here while we break your legs. So now I sit by the pool life since good is
Ingenious with my paladin cocktail placing bets on the jets in paradise paradise. I don't kiss nobody's ass in power
I'll be shivering up the screw gets when I get the change
But the cleaners aren't ready with my lime green pants. How long does it take?
Killed it calling to play and we just a little thought so what I left this thing
I think that's funny when I'm not gonna say which buddy. I can do what I want but the management loves me
I wanted you to be my
Oh, you're my type. I'll now. I'll say tell no
Who's the one? Take no for an answer
I'm 34 at 560 WQ. I am here's today's pool
Let's get this stuff out there. I feel like we're rushed, you know
With that new no one comedy, but so we might have to smit cannet not
Well, we took a poll on a yesterday and it won just a little more than 50 video was really very tight
And then the I think the clear channel people were voting on it and they said they liked it a lot
I'm trying to get used to where this overhead is now. We got to speaker fixed. It was a loose wire. That's what moths said
He said somebody had a loose uh thing in here
Then it's how much better today?
Haven't heard it yet. Oh, that's right. You're in there
Which one of these sends you diving to the dial to change stations fastest
That's our pool today excellent pool. Thank you, Neil. I mean you're welcome
Moe Howard Davidids voice
Gell these voice
hockey talk
War talk
Religion talk
Georgia's voice I mean Georgia's voice
Raced right here mumbles, you know race track talk. Oh, when those old cockers started in calling about Gulfstream
Golf talk or talk about Mo
Another good selection. That's great. I'm pulled us up by the way their votes coming in already to trickling in what I'm undecided
It was a talk to us. I voted for golf talk myself. I'm the one of what I mean seriously
This is just and if I hear anybody else with this Martha Burke and hoody Johnson, you know something a plague on all of them at this point
I don't care anymore
You know, we just bagged that is free. They're gonna work it on that statue of Sodom look at look at that kid
Look at that. There's a kid here. They got a noose around the neck of the statue and there's this teenage kid who stand into base trying to figure out how they're going to
Why yank the statue down and that that's something in it and
And that continues now and part of this process appears to be an attempt to
Pull the statue down. No, no kidding John John singing thawler there with some real real piercing
Interpretation therefore an MSNBC some great analization. Well that could or what
It's like oh yeah one insight you get from the American TV network's man
Here's a kid he's putting a rope around a statue and he's like circling always got that he's got some health now
He's got another guy a couple of guys
There's three kids there and they're trying to yank this thing down and a statue too
Which of these sends you diving to the dial to change stations the fastest mohauer David's voice
Kill these voice hockey talk war talk religion talk Georgia's voice
Race track talk golf talk or talk about moh, you know and by the way mo break it
Yeah, I just started to add near two for it. I just want to remind him
Can you name me seriously other than guilty who I don't I mean guilty was called me even at home
Just practically in tears there a couple of months ago
Wining about what's he gonna do and that show is awful and moe is
Terrorizing him so obviously guilty is in a position. He can't say anything just like mad dog
He wants to stay on those dolphin broadcast mad dog finds him I humanly unacceptable at every level
But name me somebody else in the building who like even remotely is like an ally of his well
I'll tell you Joe Castello and you wonder why for first of all they have to see each other
You know the crossover because they work in the same studio
So it's six every morning. There's that crossover they do and addition which Joe is a was you know
No, I love Joe Castello. He's a good guy, but he's a pussy. You know, I can't you can't help himself anything to be non-confrontation
Exactly. He's a very
Seen Joe if you're gonna be in this business. I don't want to tell you how to do your show Joe
Because you're a good guy, but be a little bit more outspoken and not so namby pami
You know, well people will text senior citizens. I I don't go for that. Well fine, okay
Just sit there and talk about what a lovely day it is and the birds are singing
You know drop a little load on your car and that's it
I mean sports motor talk
Motor sports that's right. I didn't put it on there, but all out of deference to Joe because he get upset
We don't want to get him all better to shape, but quit being such a pussy. Okay, Joe
Even if he came in here argue because he is a hard-ass. That's the funny thing about her off the air
He's a real hard-ass
Which he and his lovely wife. I mean the two of them can you just even imagine the confrontations in that house
My god world and for both stubborn as a mule. I mean real, but maybe that's good, you know likes a track
One of them will come out alive
Here's the fact that says you're right when you say no one cares about the marlins you are absolutely
and
It's been that way since day one Dave and boring is a perfect fit for this team. Oh
Yeah, oh, you know, we left one off the list Eric
Preseason Marlins baseball
Should be on list or now we don't need to put preseason just marlins baseball
Let's add that on there. Okay, you don't have to call him up. I'm sure Eric is listening right now in between this breakfast burritos from burger king
I'm maybe he's got a couple of burritos of creams without the beans from
Taco Bell. It's really swell and can you imagine what's gonna be happening now in Iraq and Baghdad?
Can you see the McDonald's going up the taco viva's the taco bells? Huh burger king?
What else are the we're gonna have to give him American Idol on TV?
Okay, Mark. Oh Iraqi Idol
Walmart. Oh, yeah, Walmart will be over there those goose steppers. They'll be over there real fast
faster than you can say sing high
high-o-bush
right
They're gonna have like a gas station at every street corner
Oh 30 cents a gallon a dollar a holler to fill up the tank. Do they have cars over there?
They got plenty of cars over there. Okay, they got pick up trucks. They got cars. They got donkeys. They got a little ass
Look at that down the time and not I guys. I don't think it's gonna work the statue that they're
attacking for those of you who are not near a TV the statue that was like is a gigantic statue
It's about no I'd say 25 feet tall
A huge statue of Sodom and it I would say it probably weighs about a ton
when you
Yeah, or at least a thousand pounds and they've got a a gigantic rope tied around that I've very nicely
They've tied a knot and now they're gonna try to yank it down
I have I could be wrong, but I have a feeling that that rope ain't gonna get the job done, you know
No way I would say maybe one of the tanks could just everybody could back away in the tank
But after seeing the bad aim on at hotel yesterday. I'm not so sure. That's a good idea
You know the shooting at the lobby and the 15th floor gets hit good part. Yeah, so our aim may be a little bit off
Kurds are seller. This is in northern Iraq by the way look at the Kurds in way and one guy's got an American flag cap on
And they're like holding up pictures and American flags in USA USA. Let's go. Let's go. I love it
Huh, we can we can export. Okay. In fact, you know something
This may be the way to get rid of the Iraqis
We've put enough McDonald's in there
It's working in Europe. They're getting all the same a heart disease and oil clog and all of that good stuff
So this may be way to eliminate all of our enemies then they will fear us once they taste that crap and start getting
Of course, I'd better put it off a little walk as the hospitals are a little bit busy right now
Anyway, this fax was out of say what makes me crazy about the marlins is this uh, the year the ownership keeps saying come celebrate the 10th anniversary
They said the same thing last year marlins first season was 93. So this is their 11th year not 10th. That's right good point
Today sports trivia question for the erudgers show when was the last time a city with all four major sports teams
Sucks so bad they all miss the playoffs did the marlins make the playoffs last year? No did the heat make the playoffs
Did the dolphins make the play out now panthers?
Now I think we're talking about a good point excellent facts from a real chronic factor. Thank you
Well, I'm telling you I'm really worked up again today
And if I can get that damn ear unplugged then I'm gonna go see my doctor friend if I get that ear unplugged
It's gonna be
Then I'll be dangerous then they will fear me. I'll take that right now. Oh look at all of
Votes and they're already pulls only bit up about 10 seconds. We already got 66 votes. Mary, Olamoo, Olamoo would be proud
Bye-bye, but Mary, oh, we love you
Go Leafs go by the way. Just mention that in passing on you flyer fans
To you, okay? It's gonna be tough
Gotta be tough
And I notice David Jane the old right in the same swill in the paper again about the Leafs are whiner that you know
You don't know what know a god damn leaf have fell on your ass, okay? You silly goose
You organizations sucking idiot
66 votes which of these sends you to the dial to change stations fastest religion talk 16
Georgia's voice 12 Mohawar david's voice 11. We got a battle going on
Even your raki's didn't put up in battle is good golf talk 9
Killed his voice 9 hockey talk 3 race track talk 3 talk about mode 2 ward talk 1 and marlin's baseball just went up on her
So give him a chance. They'll start making a move. They'll make their move just like the marlins
That made a movement you can smell it. They're two and six. They're off to a way lower start
Nobody cares if they were six at oh with anybody care now
Anyway, if you had a big ball spot the people around you care because they look at you and they see the reflection shining in their head
You know, it's not a good thing not a good thing to be like a human beacon like bokeh Brian like Mo without that that animal
If you want to look great and younger than you ever believed you could again
There's one guy in the world that can make you do it
I mean there are a lot of other people peddling all kinds of crap
Charles Alfieery isn't into those mousey looking things or into those phony looking pieces
He's into the latest technology which is of course his natural hairline system
It looks like real hair like it's going out of your scalp not like a whole bunch of farm animals
Just fell on top of your head from the sky for over 25 years Charlie's been working with a millionaires and in between the shleppers
And even the poor folks goes first of all his systems might be affordable
And secondly no matter how much cash you've got no where can you go and get a better more natural looking system than his natural hairline deal
And of course nothing to lose except the ugly balls spot because everybody who goes there gets Charlie's
30-day guadantee if you don't love the way it looks and feels Charlie give you full refund
So you have nothing to lose but that big reflection on your head
And when you mention the arrangers when you call Charles Alfieery they give you an extra 200 bucks off the regular price
So do it now and look better and younger like a bench like a real guy
Then you ever dreamed you could do again call toll-free set up an appointment
1-800-321-2413
1-800-321-2413 or get more information on their world famous website at Charles Alfieery.com
We're big
We're big
In the macho and and and we saw a billboard side today. We don't like that
We have balls is not the kind of that we'd like to see
In flying we have any balls with this red presents our team
And we want our name off of the sign
Yes, it isn't very nice and so we want to verify the dolphins have no balls
That's for hope billboard signs that we've got
Oh
With horrified and so appalled
He's
Many many lifeless hurricane fans will now be checking inside their pants do I have to
Or am I smooth
Take down that coin
Don't have any ball
Okay
I
Wait to hear this over and David is quite a comfortable. I'm going on any Jones made rumor take down that sign in front of his house
The one that said rumors balls
Dollar-rehealer or whatever the hell it said very upset about that
948 12 minutes till 10 at 560 WQ. We got the mad dog from the masters in Augusta golf talk started
And I want a clock, but he can make it interesting that dog can make anything interesting
You know he really can he's got away with it. He hates mo
3 o'clock we got and Hank go over back in the studio
Maybe the hub broke him an early day. I can see if he lost an answer to
Huh
I haven't seen him in a long time to hopper. I want to make sure and I can also tell him that he's full of crap about the overtime and hockey
You know, you just I mean you love he Hank, but don't talk about hockey. Don't know anything about it
Over time and hockey is sensational
Especially of course in the playoffs when we play the full you know 20 minute periods, but that's beside the point
Uh, Hank 3 to 6 30 6 30 it's Marlins on deck rhymes with Dreck
705 the marlins and the match over the pp park and then of course any captain again join Mark overnight tell Joe to grow up here now speaking of the
pp park
I noticed in Houston they changed the name of the field from enron field to um, I don't know orio cookie or well whatever it is
Feel some of the name because then run obviously is out of business right but pp pro players have been out of business for what about two years
At least and we still call it pro player stadium
Huh, I mean I realized it doesn't make a big difference because nobody cares
Although the dolphins still do play there. Why don't they go back to Joe Robby stadium? Huh?
Just just out of common decency even though I realized they don't have any
But some of you guys are still trying to sell the name. Okay, so so in the interim
Even a way that way is a hard-ass
Why can't they just go back to Joe Robby stadium now? He was a hard-ass too, but at least at least he did something
You know he didn't just talk he didn't run around with his hand up
He got the financing done himself. We thank her up to the rest of his family, but nevertheless
Uh, you know at least he built us the stadium
Which as far as I'm concerned is a damn nice stadium. All the people complaining about it
I don't see anything wrong with that stadium at all. No, that's under the location
I mean you dating Brad right on a county line my god right between the two counties and even from Palm Beach
You can drive down a turn if I can be there like about the ten minutes if you drive real fast
No, no seriously the look and you drive in off the turnpike right into the parking lot
What not to like? I mean sure the prices are ridiculous, but that's not the stadium
I say let's rename it to Joe Robby stadium. Come on. What do you say? No, you jackass you bolted a geek
Let's see now. I want to join beener boy and Miguel a treasure island tonight happy hour five to seven p.m
Come on by and catch an eye fool
Get an eye fool
Maybe you want to wear a surgical mask of the wall the wall lovelies including this week's feature Dana Lee
Uh Carlos is gonna be over there pawing away trying to get a little touch a little feel a little squeeze
Try my best
And of course the good news is George is not here this week so might actually get close
I'm sure that's what he does over there. I'm sure he's like, you know, rolling around trying hoping to run into somebody
Ready to get a appearance
Now I'm not talking about that. We're just getting a little feel
I heard he was a rolling around with fat boy a couple weeks ago
Ugly sight
They grow test site
Okay, five six seven oh five sixty. How's that pull coming out of the new pool? It's a good one as usual
Which of these sends you diving to the dial to change change the stations the fastest
I sure hope our various dude programming department is checking this out
Religion talk 24 see that's George again. He's always done there with his militant anti-religion
Okay, I'll tell you one day one
Something he's gonna have to face the Lord to meet his maker
To meet Marvin maker at Monticello raceway
George's voice 21 see that's all George stuff there
God he's killing this show
Moe Howard David is voice 20 so those three each have over 20 you know the disease in this room is back again
I think you know it's tough was just in here. I think he drops some pellets on a way out
Either that or he's dating a rabbit
Duff droppings. Yeah, tough droppings. They look like rabbit droppings to me
Uh turn it off on a here golf talk 17. That's moving up the list fast
Oh, is that coma inducing or what?
Gell these boys 12
12 say Gell these boys
What is them and Gell's talking about what's he that roaps not gonna work
Tell us something we don't know okay, but the good news is and at least they better tell us poor kids to get off the guy to him
Because on the base of the monument there they're like banging away with sledge hammers and all kinds of crap
And so that thing is gonna come tumbling down in a second in the meantime they got all these they're gonna be more collateral damage
I'm afraid there's all these kids that are up there out mountain of stancho. They're mounting Sodom
Now, but they'd like to oh, oh, I bet they love it. Your Moe would like to mount Sodom, huh
Go go go start getting even with the rest of the human race everybody else has been doing Moe
Maybe he can start doing Sodom at least to stancho anyway. He can hop on it
So they got their rope tied around Sodom's neck. I don't think kids. It's gonna work too well
But why don't they show the bottom again you assholes? Who is that? Oh, this is coming from the Arab networks
And the good news let me say it again the US is taking over a raki tv and radio. Oh, they're gonna be getting the show pretty soon
That'll change their altitude I guarantee you that wait till they hear douchebag the first time, huh?
In fact, I bet you would make a lot of big Moe fans over there in Iraq, you know what?
All we got to do is seriously all we got to do is play one drop in you asshole and they'll love it, huh?
Can you imagine that be going around high-fiving themselves?
And others just this one little kid with that rope, but he's these climbing down it
This is really comical man. It's hysterical show us the base of the statue to monument again you idiots
That's where the good works going on
They're making some progress on it. They're like banging the stones away that things
And you know what's really gonna be bad is when it comes tumbling down
You got about 200 people gathered around it now. Uh-oh war collateral damage
Say
He would will turn 66 if he's still alive at the end of this month, but as we have said
I couldn't be at least to wait until his 66 birthday. Is she talking about Mo again? Oh, it's not him. She's talking about that. She's talking about Mo
WDQ I am
Yeah, yeah, sir
Hey, don't good morning to you and when is the astus sir?
You've been asking all week long. I'm trying to get through with this war. It's really up to us. Yeah, what's it all about?
I have a different opinion. Okay, everybody else. Okay, we have to do it Mr. Bush's legacy
If you think back to the last
3040 years, let me present it and had a legacy, you know, Kennedy was a bay of pig
Nixon with water gate
Regulment control
And our boy Clint, you know, he had a legacy of getting a little, you know extra activity in the White House, you know
But that wasn't your legacy. That was their like week link. That was their weakest link
Yeah, I know. It was the
Tink in the room for
Yeah, what they're known for. If you think about that president, that's what they're known for at that time
You know, and your seniors that is that Bush senior was a wimp being on for a wimp and backing out of Iraq
Right, right and you hear him and CNN they just renamed Baghdad
Is he on Bush guardians now?
I love it. Okay. Thanks a lot, man
He was pretty weak until he got to that. That was excellent Bush guardians, uh, west
Let's see 16 Iraqis died trying to knock down statues store in 30 minutes. That's bad. Somebody factors me
That's that's really bad plus a city a lot more 16 if that thing
No, seriously, they're like working on it. They got at least 200 people pounded and banging at one four
What somebody else give them some help maybe a 30-day
You want to like the only sledgehammer in town because he's just banging away on that thing
banging
Between the statue and the money, but it's got away a ton got to minimum because that's heavy duty stuff
You know, I say more than that. They spirit no expense in building all of that crap with that oil money, you know
Just banging and pounding the poor kids with a rope. You know, what am I gonna say? You got to laugh
It's comical. I mean they mean well. They're giving it the best shot
But I don't think you're gonna be able to yank him down with a rope
What they would like to do is get the real sedom like Mussolini and hang his ass upside down in the middle of town
Like they did with Mussolini now. Have you ever seen those pictures? Those were the best. That was great
First they were already dead, but I mean the hungry bodies of him is uh his lady friend
Mussolini
Anyway, here's a fact that says extending the order to a rack would have incurred inculcurable human and political cost
We would have been forced to occupy Baghdad in effect rule Iraq
The coalition would instantly have collapsed and the Arabs deserting an anger at other allies pulling out as well
Exceeding the UN's mandate would have destroyed the precedent of international response to aggression
We hope to establish had we gone the invasion route the US could still be an occupying power in a bitterly hostile land
That's a direct coach from George Bush senior and Brent Scowcroft in time magazine 1998 why we didn't remove Saddam
How do you like that? I just mentioned that in passing
Okay
Since the guy brought it up about pop a bush
Pop a bush and mama lapinga
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty oh here's a good
PR Ralph says
Baghdad is free. Yeah
So Jeff from pizza lock just set a plane with a banner look for his brand newster as soon also a new crystals
Plus a new ball team and a stake in shaking a royal castle. I'm telling you. We'll cloud the arteries by the middle of June, huh
Just imagine all of the things we can export over there now all a great American businesses, huh the dollar signs
Just flashing my what what am I missing? I think they got some help now that looks like a tank that came in there to I don't know
It's gonna help them out
Oh, yeah, we got a big it's a tank is either want to help and take the statute or or something else what we got bad aim
We're not trying to get them, but we got bad aim lately
They're handing out the free passes for the paradise hotel or is it the oh?
Look at the what now what's the tank doing? But Iraqis who are still willing to fight there was a lot of them out there
We still need to get up to to create other parts of the country. So
Cauchy's optimism is the way I would describe it. Oh my god 10 a.m. Vice President Cheney's gonna speak. We'll be listening to some of that, okay
958 at 560 WQ I just popped a couple of only a minute in my push and look how great I look in sound right now
Well, he sound anyway. I look like me not too good
Olimin is a great product for you and it really works
Olimin itself else contain pharmaceutical great olive oil the best anywhere not just plain ordinary pedestrian
Mealymouth olive oil. It's super concentrated loaded with health benefits for you
Olimin every day can help reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol plus there are 14 different
Olimin formulas for which you from which to choose or to choose from wow you say it each one combining the best
Olimin you'll find with vitamins minerals and herbals to support specific needs from bones to your blood pressure
That's what I'm taking for my blood pressure to your immune system
Just pick out the formulas that are right for you in which we need now there are three new Olimin formulas
One to help your sleep one help you control your weight and cell Q10 so important for your heart pick up some Olimin today at
Publix Echards Walgreens Whole Food Markets Navarro Sedanas or order it online at OliminAmerica.com
If you want to get more info column tool free one 866 Olimin that's one 866
653 60 633 you take it off of it. You can be just as healthy as I am or even mo get some Olimin today and start popping it in your
post
With his name's Bush he's a hemorrhoid in the Toshir he picked the guy who would die so we be alone there's nothing in his empty
Military
Power of his weapons but by the character of the men and women who serve
Since the war our forces have conducted themselves with all of the skill and integrity
The present Bush and the American people expected of them except for the friendly fire
Operations continue all across Iraq securing cities except for the Abaddheim on hotel
Delivering tons of humanitarian aid
And downtown Baghdad this morning we're seeing evidence of the collapse of any central regime authority
And the statue too don't forget about that dick
So anyway Greg Regis comes rushing in here breathlessly and says to me how many people are gonna die if that statue comes to me now real quick
And I said how many Greg and he said
He is obsessed with that he is really a sick puppy, I'll tell you
He also said he does hate mo
Here's the fact from Josh in Chicago who says let me start by being a little I'm not gonna leave that chanye stuff on oh my god
Talk about an evil doer. He really he is evil baby. He is evil incarnate
Truth can not come from that man. Yeah, the truth will set your free dick and you give it to us now the truth either
Josh in Chicago faxed and says let me start by being a little nostalgic
I've been listening for over 10 years neither time zones nor distance can stop me from listening to somebody tell it like it is
I was thinking yesterday about the best moments in recent memory on your show. Here's my list number one fox news Heather possibly the best radio I've ever heard
Two mo he's been a godsend not for people that listen during his hours those that listen to your show he's a godsend as in
Three the guy who's saying kneels away normally
I imagine you'd have dumped the call but it was so spontaneous that it worked
I kept thinking he was finished, but it kept singing and singing it was awesome for your first day of QA
I'm that no compete stuff sucks and five every time you come back from vacation
man
Somebody give me a towel please
Wow, this is unbelievable
Please enough talking on a different subject isn't it legal to coin to international law for one nation?
Was assassinate the leader of another nation? We are clearly targeting him. So why isn't anybody making a stink about this
Tell Mo what I know is that he's wearing my cat on this and I want mr. whiskers back
Thank you josh and chicano have a wonderful life, okay, and it will warm up someday
Here's one that says give them a damn grenade already the hammer won't do it
The hammer won't do it
He's busy. Okay, he's busy making bets now. Does he collecting from his bookie? How is that oh they're not showing that?
Anyway, there it is I heard a ground fighters couldn't I not seen I don't want to hear changing
I want to hear the play by play on the
Saddam statue coming out in Baghdad
Damn it all we're gonna now the kicking pictures of a Sodom ripping up the card
Convergence yeah, he put him on because I'm expecting somebody to be from there. Tell us what's going on
And we keep hearing a sad tragical man with the uh gimpie heart
Rip it up pictures of Sodom and there's the photographer's taking a picture of a little photo off form
Rip it up baby stop on it kick that mother scratcher. Okay, and by the way, he's dead we think and if not who cares
And let me say it again in case you missed it the Iraqi information minister who was even better
He did a better stand-up back than George Carlin. He's disappeared
He vanished with a sack of cash probably with a bunch of denars and in fact probably rumor hopes to buy him a few denars
You think?
He hopes anybody buys him a few denars
So anyway, there they are and they're uh celebrating and they're having a great time in the liberty proud of Iraq now
Let's let's hear Jesse say liberty power Iraq
Which on a one hand I understand this is this is the moment that the hawks have awaited for all look
Look at what a great job we did. Okay, so there's thousands of dead people and about a hundred dead Americans
At least that they're admitting so far and a whole bunch of brits or dead which most of which we killed them
But that's okay
Because that's the price you have to pay for liberty pada iraq
There's going to be an exon station on every corner there be a VP more uh, uh, uh, uh, what amaco right across the street exon kitty corridor that
There'll be a Baptist church under the other corner
No Catholic church. They don't want no part of them. Sorry. You lose papa. That'll teach you to be against the war
That's right. They're going to go over there and Christianize those heathen bastards
No more of this to muslim stuff you watch by the end of this month all the one billion muslims on the face of the earth are going to be
We're in little of Jesus. They're going to have like a cross under dashboard
They are they're going to have a little Jesus a little of virgin Mary thingo. I'm sorry. That's a Catholic's again
5670560 pound 560 the statues still standing they've they've wiped away at the base of that baby pretty good
They've done some heavy duty damage, but it's got a way about what I say about 25 tons
Get one of those tanks. They tried to come and hear one of our tanks. There's a get just loaned to us for a while
They do it. I'm a chariot cry. Huh? Yep. There goes
There goes what a tank going for the statue. Is it really? Yeah? Well, they know that no that's earlier
See, you know, you don't understand. Where are you? Why am I listening to you that the inset? What are what channel are you watching CNN?
Well, I'm not watching CNN. It's it's gonna hit it
Here comes the tank and the tank is going after the statue like I said
MSNBC sucks
Exactly how it's going to open over or what exactly it's going to do this is read
This is one more fun to watch in Amarland's
To the tank and attempt to pull the statue off to dump over
These Iraqi civilians it at first started pelting the statue with shoes a couple hours ago
And we picked up the shot about an hour ago when someone had actually scaled the pedestal the statue with a ladder
Try to you know who it was. I saw them same went back down to the pedestal
And I all we could see was one axe that they seemed to be whacking. Well, let me ask you a question
Exactly. It's a very large statue and doing it that way would take a long time
No shmit man heavy duty inalization again. They're for you
So they would help out the American Marines. They've got one of the tanks. There's that one of their tanks. They don't have any tanks left
We're using one of our tanks to assist them in one of their first acts under a free Baghdad and a liberated Baghdad
And that is to knock down this big disgusting statue because the rope didn't work too good
To save that rope from one if we still find them alive. Okay, save the rope
Look now they'll climb the knot and now all the kids are climbing on top of the tank
Are you sure this isn't the tank that was just left in the middle of the street then they look like an old beaten up
That's not an American tank. It's not a tank. It's an armored personnel carrier or something excuse me
I didn't know that you were so militaristic. I mean
So there they are
Be sure to take a lot of photos. They'll be selling at Walmart. They'll have the commemorative edition
Oh, yeah by the end of the by the weekend that the bash that a Walmart he'll have at least six locations all around the country
Here's the fact from Tom says the raki's look happy wait till they start working 16 hours at in sweatshops
Come on Tom hop on a bad wagon baby liver time USA USA
Illiana Ross lightning for a cheap jackass
PS where you want aspirin therapy when you had that mini stroke uh, no
I was taking a baby aspirin. What's that mean?
No, I just uh, I don't know. It's fat
I was fat and sitting on my ass every day doing a exercise. I don't want to be hash all of that
It was a pulmonary embolism very similar to what the David Bloom died from
And what a tragedy that was just like the tragedy of all these lost lives
All these children they showed pictures yesterday finally after three weeks
They showed all these gruesome pictures that made you want to cry
But hey see now again. It's all it's all the images if we only would have had tv during
At least the live coverage during Vietnam if we would have had satellite technology
Instead of listening to all the propaganda the lies that they told us just like it
We heard the lies about that patriot missile for on behalf of the Raytheon company from Normie Schwartzkopf
He would never lie what he sure did that's what Moshe Aaron said and Moshe Aaron's nobody named Moshe ever lies
Well, I'll just be trying to suggest something
567 of 560 pound 560 on the air we will interrupt commercials all programming as soon as the statue topples
Okay, because this is one of the highlights of our life is watching that say these not that it's a big deal
But it's the symbolic value right of the statue like
Going down
Now we got somebody again, and I see climbing the rope or is he coming back down?
He's coming back down he went up he went up to put one thing get somebody
like like they like they
Like in Vegas. I'm getting tongue-tied you see that haven't you when they when they blow up all the cute old casinos
If you've never seen it on the travel channel they show that about 10 times today sit up all the bomb yeah
They set up all the the one of the charges the charge. Thank you. I'm getting tongue-tied because I'm so excited
That we finally have liberated Baghdad
I can't hear you with the mic off
Oops, they put that guy they send that guy up to put a chain around them instead of a rope a shame a shame
Huh, I don't think that's gonna do it either guys. They can think ways what I say 7,500 pounds
And they were attacking it would like a it's kind of like the way the Iraqi army defended Baghdad
It's the same kind of you know attacking a gorilla with a BB
Robozo it's 11 past 10 at 560 wq. I am on a great day man
Look at this message center get this top audio and video messages. No, thank you
I and I don't mess with that every time you just mentioned something him. Oh, holy old the direct TV thing
I work just relax your you know if you're gung hold that's great, but you're a little over involved a little over involved
Just kind of ease but it will back off
12 minutes after 10 at 560 wq. I'm on a great day for the world baby. We're doing it, man
Baghdad is free. Well
Free of them anyway now we got more problems
Ever thought about getting a wireless phone? Sure you have you know how valuable it is to keep in touch with your business
Associates during the day as well as being connected with your family at all times
Don't postpone it one more second get it done today get with it
Just call wireless city a team mobile authorize dealer call them right now tool free at triplate 221 8080
And a wireless city a focal delivered today to your home or business a new wireless phone ready for you to use
Wireless city a team mobile authorize either can offer you service plans perfect for you like their new
3999 plan with 600 whenever minutes and unlimited weekends
Call wireless city now tool free at one triplate
221 8080 if you call today you'll get the new small size Nokia 3390 with vibrating call alert and hands free
Just call one triplate 221 8080 service agreement required
Sea printed materials or authorized representative at wireless city for limited and complete details wireless city
A team mobile authorize dealer call 888
221 8080
My
This is for 205 city
Way
Sir
Now message from the Iraqi tourism councils. Hello. I am a hammered shake you down
And this is my Iraq
Come visit the zoo come visit the does your dominoes
Lay down understand
But do it quick there are tentative plans for what could be a major renovation
Got your local travel agent quick like today and get there fast
Like tomorrow comes from what we hear very soon. We're going to have a lot of those little pardon
Our appearance time hanging up. What not really hanging up because I don't know where we're gonna put them
You know we can have anything to hang them on but let me lay in all of it around
Come to Iraq and experience every utip oil hotel where each room
Comes with the magic fingers men and free out to zero TV
Plus the yes network
Muscling theater districts
Modern mouths
Locks are because you know museums are all certainly a possibility 52 60 years down the road
You know according to our scientists
We're going to hope that that fat guy from cutter comes through with something bling
How about it's cutter now? My whole life guitar now have a sudden cutter. It's like demy more
I'm demmy I'm demmy I'm demmy now over a sudden I'm demmy whatever come to Iraq quick
I'm the most
The proceeding message has been brought to you by the Iraqi tourism council
Okay
Everybody's backed off the back of the statue
There's about 16 pumps. I mean fine young Iraqi teenagers on top of that thing
We're getting ready for the big blow baby
Not yet
There's a little punk kid almost jumped up on there
Well, there's always going to be a little collateral damage during these heroic moments
There's always going to be you know a few bodies to be dragged away
But you're you're looking at the little picture. You got to look at the big picture
Okay, the symbolism of this magnificent event. Okay. I think they're getting ready
Go
Let's roll
Oh not yet look at that the dowels gone off 52 points the S&P is up four and a half points
Things are looking everything's coming up roses come on. Let's sing it
Which of these sends you diving to the dial to change stations faster? We asked on the orangeers.com
208 votes
religion talk 40
Georgia's voice 37 more Howard dividends voice 31
sends them diving to the dial
Will this
Uh marlin's baseball boy look at that for a late addition
Marlins baseball is all the way up to 28. It's the contending if only the marlins were contending that well
golf talk 23 oh
woo
Race track talk 18 in other words old cockers from the track
Gellie's voice 17
Talk about most six word talk five and hockey talk only three
How do you like that stand the cup playoffs tonight?
Can they go leave school? That's that's as much as they can handle. Okay. Wait a minute. I think they're getting ready again
Oh
About 20 points done at the tank
Oh
Airplane
I hope it's the soldiers and throwing them into the crowds. Yeah, I think they're getting looted
That that's throwing like paper airplanes at the stats. You hope and then we'll get the job done
Well, they never were really good fighters. You don't case you haven't noticed they never were really great fighters
Anyway, they're still working on it. We'll let you know we'll keep you up today because it's important stuff
Here's the facts that says how about a Disney theme park in Iraq
That sounds good. We'll have to call you know who for that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon line
WQ am
Hello
I just wanted to say in passing that
When Coleman Powell did his show at tell at the UN
after
He had a press conference and somebody asked him if you Americans knew where the weapons of men's destruction are
Why didn't you just tell the UN inspectors right and Coleman Powell said well?
We're looking at ways that we can get him that information
Well today begins week four in Iraq if we know where they are
Where are they we're still looking man? Where are they buddy? We did find some press the side
Rummy
Don't be so negative man. We're not going to stat you down get with it
Yeah, but you don't 50% of Americans now say we don't care if you find them or not
What kind of bullshit is that exactly because you deal with them in brainwash very nicely congratulate him on a great job of
Brainwashing. Oh now what I broke the rope broke. Oh no. Geez the rope broke
Well, first of all what were they going to use the rope for anyway the rope isn't going to hold
They were going to attach the rope to the tank and like back it up. Oh give me a break. Okay
Like I said their tactics never were like really all that great. They weren't great military tacticians, you know
Poison gas that worked pretty good with the Iranians, but and the Kurds, but as far as like Yankeen statues down not too great at least in Baghdad
So now there's the rope was just hanging
So strong it's waving the breeze and they must be really demoralized about that
Just when we thought we're going to pull them down and they pulled us back in
Here's a good article by the way. It's on our website by Brian Reed in the UK mirror
It was all planned long ago in line with what this gentleman just said
He says take pride in the courage of our board now. He's talking about the British take pride in the courage of our boys
Fear relieved your building society shares are soaring and enjoy the Hollywood choreography as America races the stars and stripes and bag that
But amid all the back slapping take a second to ask yourself a couple of crucial questions about this illegal
Iraq why and with whose authority are we there a quick recap
Washington first set a rag needed invading because it had links with al-Qaeda never proven
Then it was to remove weapons of mass destruction, but you and inspectors found none and the allies haven't so far
On Sunday typically eloquent u.s. Brigadier general Vincent Brooks said the places. It's most likely to be found
We haven't even gotten to them yet
Which presumably means parts of Baghdad Saddam was still holding so why hasn't the heartless monster used them against us?
Is it because he has none in which case? Why did we invade or why didn't he use them because of the appalling consequences in which case?
Why did we invade?
But of course weapons aren't this month's excuse for toppling Saddam now
We're told it's about liberating the people from a vicious dictator
If you believe that you believe Bush's crucial vote in Florida was not rigged
Saddam Hussein is an evil despot who's killed his own people to stay in power
We know this because when he was our friend in the 1980s
We colluded in those atrocities by supporting him with arms
But do you know how many more evil regimes currently operate?
Do you have any idea how many more current evil regimes there are Carlos?
Thought third man
Tries in Bobway where opponents of Robert McAvoy are arrested and tortured why not invade there
So why don't the coalition put things right?
The answer is simple either corporate America doesn't need the regime change there or military America couldn't pull it off
The truth about this grossly immoral war is that America's right wing pro-Israeli politicians planned to out-sautom
Years ago 9-11 gave them the cover to destroy the most powerful Arab state readraw them at least and control the earth's second biggest oil reserves
Ask yourself again why we've invaded a sovereign state
How would you feel if China eventually decides to make Britain a puppet state and drives its tanks into the palace of West
Minister
We have a moral case to oppose them or like the Iraqis who tread on our splotter cluster bombs
Well, we not have a leg to stand on
Think about it good article air by a Brian Reed in the UK mirror
Think about it. Are they thinking about it? No, they're thinking about this statue
That's what we got to work on right now. We got statues to work on man and a bunch of old pictures that we got in tear apart
raw raw siss boom that's right. Let's hear it in fact. Where's the uh, what do we got in here? We have god bless America
Well, I must have something very patriotic oh
Oh, I know a wait a minute. I know what we got oh
Canada
Ha, that's the wrong one
567 05 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and for rice not getting a lot of calls about those Stanley Cup playoffs because they start tonight
And I know that this town is just wild about probably even hangs gonna be watching some of that huh
WDQ I am
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir
Um, did you hear something on the news yesterday about uh
Somebody paying $45,000 and then to put a ad in the emphasis those monical the peach
I
Didn't hear it
But uh they might as well take the money and flush it down the turlid. I'm gonna subscribe to that paper right now. Okay
Um, that story you read last Friday on that uh
On bush and it's mentality uh because he lacks wisdom. I was looking for that on your website. I couldn't find it. I wanted to print it out
Is it there story that he lacks wisdom?
Yeah, that was in every story that we've been reading. Yeah, that's true. You got a point there
Uh
And closing that guy to fact if I say we're paying I love that guy that uh deals way that was great
I was great. We might play that today. I'll kill some good time
Uh, could I put in a request for some I'm hurting all right? Sure no problem now. Whatever you want
We're in a great mood today. We got that statue coming down. How about the old popcorn song
But balls
But balls
Oh but beads
Yeah, okay, okay. Thanks. Okay. I think that was a requested more ways than one
He said stick those but balls. Oh we can't say that. We don't want to get down to Shalately all upset again
And especially Eddie Jones. He's having a problem with rumors balls
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. They're working on that statue man
I had a Christian mentioned there was a sign
Hold up by some Iraqis which in in no uncertain terms
Told them to go home, but mostly it's got a amusement
seemingly that the it is very me lucky's
See them with some amusement perhaps is my limited impression from here
Simon as we lost our signal with you we caught up with
We we actually gave us a new information the vice president dick cheney saying this morning quote
We are seeing the collapse of the central regime authority
That's according to Reuters that he apparently said then is that Paula where you stop that's news
That's news they've been having us on here all morning. There is no millet. There's no uh 30 year-old
There's no government. There's no presence there
Maybe they're gonna put them under the tree in December once we've crystallized them. Don't you think
They're saving a presence for Christmas and Hanukkah when we uh Judy eyes them
Now forget about those two those two won't cover the Baptist man. They got it. They got this looked
In fact, Jan and Paul Crotch are already putting up a TV tower and Baghdad. I think they already have one there
Do they really? I'm serious wouldn't surprise me. They got him everywhere
Jan and Paul Crotch
With Iraqis it's uh
Now what are they talking to colleagues who were working in southern Iraq?
Are the overwhelming impression that everyone has got
Is that until a town in secure and vast party officials and local
Military officials have been
Nutri-ized either killed I guess by American forces or put under
I guess these are all people that don't have to go to work today, huh or school
I'm out of the streets. I'm with seeing now. I don't feel
Just want to lighten things up a little bit. Okay. Don't get so tense and depressed everybody. Okay. I mean we're in South Florida
We got a problem. I'm so our own to deal with
If you don't believe me just open a window and take a whiff
Oh, that smell of death. It's circulating big time
26 past 10 at 560. It's a Wednesday. That means we got our big noon to one comedy bit sour
We got butt beads coming up for you. Don't we have butt beads? I don't think we're gonna play that
Huh? I'll let George play it. It's it's it's disgusting. I'm not into that anal stuff like he is. He's an ass man
He's the ass man. It's all he knows
Hey homeowners is there anything worse on a hot soft floor today?
Which could be almost any day going out in the backyard for a nice dip and going into pool as well
And you look at it and you think holy crap. This thing is a really getting bad
It's stained. It's dirty. Maybe there's a crack in it and the pool too
Don't look at that ugly mess anymore
Just say no mo ugly pool and do this smart thing call our good friends at Atlantic Marseille
These aren't just a couple of pool guys who got a beat up old pickup truck with some of that the pool cleaning crap in the back
This is a real construction cover. He uses full-time employees not subcontractors
Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool business diamond bright
Atlantic Marseille has been pouring it on for 12 years and they know how to do it right
They're licensed. They're insured professionals
They even train the other companies internationally how to do diamond brighting right and they'll give you the same price
They give to the contractors. How can you beat that?
They serve north Miami, Brought in Palm Beach called Atlantic Marseille to the biggest install as a diamond bright
Anywhere in town to get your pool look and fantastic
They'll come right to you and give you a free estimate
They also do pool and deck renovations custom lighting pool heating exotic water features too for the rare best
Go in anywhere call Atlantic Marseille toll free
1-800-558-883
That's 1-800-558-883
Diamond bright if you're gonna do it do it right because diamond bright is a pool's best friend
Well, okay, so I took the thing out just relax calm down
It was a little operator error because we're getting all whipped up above the statue, which I think is primarily your fault
5 and a local
This is 560
The radio's all yours now
All right
Now
and see
we'll knock you and your hands
welcome
with the sharp eyes
let's just buy your side
to reclaim your good
you see
it's a legal drug
regarding true
and good
and old
I will see
God
Oh, can it best be?
Oh, can it best be?
Oh, can it best be?
Okay, here we go. They've got an extension on the tank.
They've got a crane, maybe they're going to work.
Not that they've done an extension.
Go! On account of three.
I don't know, ready yet?
No, unless they want to kill that guy.
This is through in some project, you know?
It's a damn good thing that the armlet here was a lot more hip than they are in not going to a statue down.
Let's get one of guys. Come on.
Take out a building, take out statues, take out various symbols of bodies.
Take out some Kentucky fried.
5, 6, 7, 8, I'm telling you, we're going to export some real cocoa over there.
It's going to be great. It'll be really good to get some of those deflated stocks up there like McDonald's.
It's in the crap. Look at that phone.
Look at this phone. There's not a call on it. We're doing screenless. We're having a great day today.
And I take a look over, get ready to punch up a bunch of calls and you people are going to be like that.
You want to know why they're all watching the statue.
Okay, well we can play that game.
Say I've done that enough.
Here we got some guy climbing up on the extension, right up face to face with Sardiner.
He gave me a little kiss, I said.
As a matter of fact, if you see the picture of the soldier, one of the Iraqis was so happy that he was being liberated.
He tried to kiss him on a cheek and the soldier turned his head like, ah, not us.
We're a macho guys.
I think that's what he said. Maybe he said later on when it gets dark.
Anyway, the way and the scene with where this ties a turn,
but it'll be interesting to see how they do finding.
You can't complain about that Iraqi technology, baby, because they don't have any.
The sort of 70s scientists thought he'd out people use.
World teachers have been in out there. Spiral gun, meltback, razor flag.
What is this? This is one of the Marines, isn't it?
Yeah, this is a Marine who's putting an American flag around.
This is great. He's putting the American flag over Sodom's push.
Yeah, right over his head. Look at that.
You talk about a dog and pony show, huh?
The talking news had networks would have compared $1 billion.
Yeah, the Marines said you're a bunch of ineptish.
We're going to come in here and do a right.
Okay, you guys couldn't you couldn't look a stamp.
Much less our army. So there you go. They're doing it.
As we watch this picture, Christy on one of the ads.
Like I said, they're powerful pictures, baby, but of course what you see is not necessarily what you get or what they're going to get.
Let's enjoy while we can. It's a hoot WQ I am.
Yeah. Nail? Yes, sir.
Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm not watching the statue. I'm out here on 820.
You're missing a hell. You'll see later on the news, man. It's great.
Oh, I can't wait to see it. I got the American flag and tarylie wrapped over Sodom's head.
I can't wait to get home and watch channel seven news might say.
They'll have it on every 15 minutes.
Hey, I got a 20.
Today, you some play this song.
Nobody's six in one anymore. Can you play that?
You know something I love that bit. And I don't know what they'll judge. I'll try to find it.
Okay, see with that little pinhead did with that disc. Thank you.
Thank you. Have a great day. Have a great day.
Hey, off the pal metal, man.
Good luck to you. Oh, he's on the pal metal.
Oh, there's fat boy wobbling in here right in the middle of the show. What is he doing in here? Doesn't he get the memo? What do you want?
What is he saying?
It's a treasure island.
Oh, he's talking to you. Okay. Good. Talk to him. I don't want to talk to you.
So there we go. The Marines are off.
And after three weeks in the desert, they probably mount almost anything at this point.
And Christian, the American flag.
They took the flag off his head.
I'm going to say it looks like they're either repositioning the fly or taking it down.
It reminded me of something I think we actually witnessed together in live television out of uncoaster.
I know what they're going to do with the flag.
Yeah, that's what they're going to do with it. Stick it right up, sit down, shoot.
Fort and there was so much reaction from the civilians who were so angry about that show of what they called American period.
Isn't that flag came down within minutes?
Yes. And that's basically being what has happened in other instances as well.
I mean, you know, that they don't want to look like an occupation army.
They don't want to. Oh, you see, F Kenny. Yeah, he's I know we get some of this. He's given me the sea.
I told you so near there. Now they're partying. Well, we'll see how long that lasts.
Okay, don't get too carried away, Mr. Hachot, Mr. Genius, Mr. Rocket scientist.
In addition to which all of the collateral damage those dead people and the people that are wounded like falling apart in the hospital, they're not in on the party.
They said, call us when a party started to center apologies. We can't make it because we're either really badly injured or dead thousands of us.
But that's beside the point you see, F Kenny.
Very for our children's funeral. Just get your whole life to that little 17 in screen.
You're looking into your 25 or 52 inch tube and get all your information about life in the world right to that screen, man.
Let them mesmerize you and obviously they did a good job.
Let's see, here's one from some fact. I mean, some guy my partner and I were talking about the funniest thing yesterday.
We had a list of people you talk about who have appeared on your show who we would get it on with.
Oh, who would you pick? Al Goldstein.
No, no, no, no, no. Greg Reed.
No, George. No, no, no. Humber.
No, mad dog. No, Geldie. No, Josh Friedman. No, Troy. No, Carlos. No, no, no, no, no, no, Miguel.
Yes.
P.D. Lenny. It says we know when he looks like you don't mind when we look at him.
Wimmer. No, no, no, no, no. Joe Zagaki.
Oh, and it says please play him going whatever it is he goes. Where the hell is him going like?
Oh, my, oh, my or Wayne, I think I know. Talk about a tough choice. I'd have to abstain.
He says, I guess he never seen Miguel. Hey, Miguel, ain't your type. Okay. Sweetheart or the other way around.
Are they doing it? They're going to put any raki flag up there. I thought that was pretty in bad taste of us to go put the American flag when all these are rakis are there in their city.
Well, don't you forget we did that the first day in Bosnia there. We're in all of a sudden. Is that not a good idea? Yank it down because it makes it look like an occupation when you do that.
Here was sitting here tittering because it was amusing, but it's not saying they took it down for that reason. It was not a good idea.
Put your raki flag. Didn't we say that your rakis are going to run their country? Didn't we make that up? I mean, say that.
Wally in dear field says, where is the janitor in a water graph model, wake up compound busting tank when you need it.
Nice going, Wally as usual.
Yeah, Janet don't need no tanks. She just yanked that baby down her endowment, Shalela. They go there and just yanked that. She knocked it over with the red pickup truck easy.
It's vacuum. It points to a very dangerous vacuum because you know, look, let's let's face it. I think the original the original idea by the politicians by the so-called coalition of Britain and the USA was that you know,
a little costically, Christian police forces would fall on side and they would sort of immediately turn to sort of policing the new Iraq, the free right that the regular
militias, the army, the Republican Guard would would join in the sort of, you know, building and maintaining a border and construction of the new Iraq.
Well, that hasn't happened and there is a vacuum and the question is who fills that vacuum and we've seen in other areas in another country that we've been in these kinds of situations where unless there is a quick,
a quick attempt to fill that vacuum, there can be a period of.
And you know, disorder and looting to a sure glad we didn't see a looting it 20 before 11 at 560 WQ way I'm not telling you one thing they sure have their TV thank
out for that now we control that would be a good poll question and let's do that tomorrow. That's going to be tomorrow's poll question.
What's the first thing Iraqi should see on TV or here on radio? Huh? Since we're more controlling it now, in case you tune in late,
America does control Iraqi TV and radio now. I'm thinking maybe I'll do it for free. Oh, I don't think they want to I don't think the American government wants to put me on.
No, I want to put me on here much less over there. Condoleez al-Amsoir. 19 till 10 at 560 WQ if you're not sleeping good tonight, maybe you got something wrong with your or maybe there's a very good chance that your mattress has something wrong with it like it's
finished like Sodom. Well, here's the answer for you get you a great new name brand mattress and I guarantee you when you call dial amateurs that's exactly what you're going to have happen
and you get unbeatable deal all the way around on delivery on price and in terms of quality too because they carry only the top brand names ever
in history of man. Seely, sir, the Simmons King coil every size every style, not bait and swish they got exactly the one you're looking for in stock ready for nearly immediate delivery any to our window that's convenient for you you pick the time and they'll be there.
Once you buy a mattress and dial amateurs you'll never go back to the show room again because it's the easy simple way even for the laziest of folks just make that one easy call that's what I always do and don't forget when you buy your mattress by calling 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S-1-800-MAT-RUS, dial amateurs sets it up and takes away the crappy old bedding for free.
Let me say it again for the left coast dial amateurs sets up the brand new and takes away the crappy smelly old bedding for free.
So make the call right now and get you in your back a great night sleep for years to come 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S-1-800-MAT-RUS for dial amateurs to easy the smart way to get you a great night sleep for a long time.
We're sports radio 516-U-A-M.
David's bitch.
Oh Sarah.
Oh Jim.
Sarah.
Sarah.
Shouldn't we be using you know.
Oh don't worry. I'm using the new sponge.
Oh?
Mm-hmm.
Hi guys.
I just love these dead together.
Don't you?
Who's this?
Um, Jim.
This is Bob.
Nice to meet you Jim.
Hey, I got a great idea.
What for a game?
Look you're interrupting something here.
The new contraceptive sponge bob shown to be 95% effective as a method of birth control.
Can solve your doubt to see if sponge bob is right for you.
Well, time to get back to work.
Open wide.
You got to pull me hooked up now baby.
Now we're getting real serious on the statue right there in the middle of Baghdad.
We're gonna yank it.
There we go.
Behind me.
Uh, and all around the cloud.
Are we gonna wave it?
They're packing up.
I'm gonna do it.
We're making it in Baghdad.
Next is free.
There we go.
We're yanking it.
I'm proud of you.
I'm sorry.
I need a second.
We're gonna face this.
I just wanna grab.
I'm trying to get it out because we've got a fall.
It's crazy bitch.
Oh, what happened?
They took the American flag off there because I guess the same thing happened when they didn't pause right.
Well, you know, it looks like an occupation.
Then they put the Iraqi flag up there for a couple of months.
He said now, because when a statue comes to him like now, it's gonna hit the ground.
We'll get all schmutzy.
So, real rocket scientists figuring these things out.
Here we go.
They got that fully attached right around the bottom of the deck, man.
It didn't wait to...
yank it down.
No, reverse.
No, not forward.
Oh, Jesus.
There we go.
Now, nothing happened.
There's too much.
There's too much like leeway.
There's too much slack in that thing.
Put it in reverse and just floor it.
That's the idea, right?
And if there's any way behind you, too bad.
Just the idea, I'll out.
But for like in golf, here we go.
They're swinging it.
This is the best thing.
They're yankin.
They got that crane right around his neck.
Oh, yeah.
It just acted if there's something you've done before, even if you happen to be 19 years old.
And perhaps on your first overseas trip, which is to Iraq.
So...
Isn't this emotional?
I mean, this is just the spell binding.
Absolutely.
There we go.
So you were saying when the Americans flag went up, but it's very close to you.
You got up, Paul.
He's like, she's worse than George.
He's like, she's worse than George, man.
Stop, stop, stop, stop.
She must be like, John Davidson gets paid by the word.
Not yet.
Oh, and here we go.
Now it's taught.
But it's taught.
It's taught.
It's taught, it's taught.
Try and think this.
This churches beginnings are hard.
You're going backwards.
It's taught.
It's taught.
It's taught.
It's taught.
It's taught.
It's taught.
It's taught.
It's taught.
It's taught.
Tait name says.
Taits got you?
Enfinely pedig Level.
Tait played MICHIN403.
the
uh...
but
but
and
but
but
but
but
but
but
but
but
but
and
my
and
and
why
and
80
and
you
and
a
and
and
and
the Born White Pfer germs.
to a dump on it. People are rushing through the square to in fact jump on the
security level. Mostly there are men in there, the women and children are
simply standing back. I see families getting close to someone holding a child up.
We just got to bad news though, wait till you hear this. Exclusive on the near
Roger show, the bad news, the statue was not of Sodom, it's a statue of one of
his lookalikes. Oh no! And if you would could you hold your phone away from your
mouth and maybe we can hear some of the ambient sound coming from the
door. Also the person who fax this is their pull vote is a double vote,
Mo Howard while he's talking golf.
I saw the in the attic letter from Dr. Laura in the newspaper, somebody faxed me that
or she didn't say this and she didn't say that. We hate you Dr. Laura, you're not
fooling anybody, okay? You homophobic bitch. And by the way see you next time, honey.
I drown out some of the cheers but I'll hold the phone up.
They got to leave the legs up there with those poles hanging out of great amusement park.
Mickey and Company. Now here's a suggestion for the first show
should be on there, are you hot? I guess in the middle of the desert in April they probably
are going to be. Should be the first on TV followed by temptation island.
Now we don't want to get those Iraqis horny because then they'll start multiplying
even more than they already do but they should make a lot of babies. What's that all about?
Huh? You notice that? Wait till the Pope gets them. I guess they're not the Pope and
Kitten and he's out. The Pope is out. We already decided that.
The US has really parked off with the Pope and his big mouth, okay?
He spoke one time. In fact, we might want to slip my little glass of tea in the middle of the night.
Try to calm him down a little bit.
Oh and I, as I'm up near where the statue was, I could look at it.
Now they're putting the Iraqi flag on the base of the statue there on a big monument.
The Eastern direction which is of course the direct.
They're sticking it. The Marines arrived from. But you'll notice there's only
about 200 people in this crowd. I mean this is a major orchestrated for TV event
but it's not as though you've got thousands of people here like one of those
gigantic things. You know, it's just a couple hundred punks basically.
It's what it is.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line of Work Standard.
We could bring it to you right here on your news intensive station, QAM.
Where when we say here's the latest headlines, that means a couple of ball scores
and who with their balls the farthest. That's what it's all about.
What an embarrassment. What a joke.
WQAM.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir. So is it down or what?
It's down man. Son of a's down.
All right.
And it can make you day, baby.
Thank you.
Okay. Hey, it's on his way to the amusement park.
Let's see here's the facts that say could you please post a Brian B.S.A.
We already did. It's on a website today, right? You already got those done?
The bad times are done. What? Huh? 90% of the word.
What about that one, the one I read?
That's already on there man. Boy, you're quick.
And the source of the Moshe Error thing about Errins thing about the picture
of missiles was the CBC from Eddie and Williamsburg.
That's what it was Eddie. The CBC, the Canadian Broadcasting Corp, eh?
They did a whole hour documentary which they repeated this past weekend about the fraud of Raytheon
and the Patriot missiles and how Schwartzcoff lied through his teeth to us and the Israeli stringed it out.
Instead of 39 for 39 and knocking down the scuds, it was over 39.
Just a slight discrepancy there of 39.
In fact, when Greg was in here this morning, I said to him Greg, how many of those Patriot missiles do you think they shot down with the, uh, I was scuds rather?
BOT TURDEMAND!
Yeah. I said, hey, how many listeners do you think Moes got Greg?
BOT TURDEMAND!
He hates him. And of course, uh, why should he be a different person to anybody else?
61, uh, let's do the poll. Which of these sounds?
What, I can't even read it right. Which of these sends you, sounds so excited from this? This is it really.
We haven't had this much excitement since George took a BM on Moes Wig.
Which of these sends you diving to the dial to change stations fastest?
320 votes. Religion talks 61.
Marlins baseball 58 is moving up there like lightning.
You hear that, Duff? Marlins baseball. And if we wanted to put just Marlins exhibition game, we'd be off the map, okay?
You saw how many people were there for the Metz game last night.
BOT TURDEMAND!
George's voice 52.
Moe Howard David is voice 42. Now that's interesting. Do you see that?
Woo!
George is crushing Moe Howard David.
When they hear George's voice 52 rush to the dial to change stations, Moe Howard David is only 42.
Golf talk 35. Race track talk 26 to one here with old cockles down there.
I had the two of them at a 7-8 die. They don't want to hear it.
They don't want to hear it, Hank.
Gelled these voice 20 to 20 to one here, Gelledy. They rushed to the radio.
21. Hockey talk 11. War talk 8 and talk about Moe 7.
So they went here a lot more Moe talk is what they want here.
We've got a little momentum going here today I think.
And boy nice job over there with the help of our Marines.
Back in Bosnia.
It was very creative, innovative Iraqis finally after like hours and hours of poxking around with little string.
Murals. And so from the very beginning the whole image thing has been a powerful psychological weapon or other distance.
WDQIM.
Moe light WDQIM.
5 6 7 0 5 60 you think that this audience to be foaming at the mouth of all these goings on.
Wouldn't you? They're foaming WDQIM.
I want to talk to you.
Speaking sir.
Mr. Rogers.
Yes.
One little thing I would like to call your attention to.
Okay.
Thank you.
Every one of you heard about the 500 dollar paper clips and a $5,000 toilet seat at the upon the government.
Right. Like Johnny Jones in the school board here.
Anyway, I'm talking about the GBU 28 bunker busting bomb.
Waste 4,000 pounds range border formal cost.
Hang on to your head.
Okay. Hang in.
$18,000,000.
$18,000,000 from.
Yeah, me.
60 dollars.
Now the KV 600 3 pounds of explosive casing made from surplus 8 inch cannon barrel.
Who in a bomb a motor car?
Cannon barrel.
Well, now I see the point.
You know, the cannon manufacturer screws up some cannons.
They had those surplus barrel.
Now you have a choice to sell it to the junkyard for a $100 each or sell it to a dump taxpayer to the dump pallet.
I mean a smart piece politicians and the counter plants in the Pentagon.
They sell it to the taxpayers for $1.15 million.
In this case it's $18,000,000.
People don't $18,000,000.
It's a price of 500 KV 500 KV 500.
No, and it's only one of them.
500 Joukenos, right.
No, they use them all up.
You know, now these guys can sell more surplus cannon barrels.
Army surplus, man. That's right.
Yeah, for the Pentagon and the dump taxpayer.
The dump taxpayer.
What do you do about it?
Nothing.
Absolutely correct.
Oh, that's defending our country with it.
Zyna America, man.
They say in China, Zyna America.
It is really, really burned.
This is just unbelievable.
Good luck to you, Tom.
Good luck to us, man.
First thing on Iraqi TV, you should be the Pepsi commercial with us.
Here's where I agree.
Good choice.
A couple of bloody musicians.
That is the best spot in the history of my life.
10, 57 and 5, 6, and what?
5, 60?
Where the hell are we anyway?
I was in such a good mood that I realized I remember we were here.
Hey, I'll tell you where you can go.
And they're celebrating their 25th anniversary because they're so popular.
And that's Brandy shoes in Pompato Beach.
This year is their 25th year of doing a great job of putting good stuff on your feet.
In Pompato Beach and all over South Florida for that matter.
And they're unbeatable when it comes to shoes because they are freeway fantastic selection of men's and women's famous brands like Rockports, Echos,
Mephisto, Timberland Clarks, SAS, Floreshime, and lots more.
A wide range of sizes at Brandy's for you.
No matter if you have teeny tiny feet or big fat ones.
They have men's sizes 6 to 15.
Women's 5 to 12 and widths from the very narrow to the very wide.
They give you great personal service to make sure they get a perfect fit every time too.
And with over 40,000 pairs of unstuck in their 8,000 square foot megastore,
you can be damn sure you can make Carlos' life on it that exactly the shoes you want are in stock, ready to stick on your feet.
Brandy's a great, great place to shop for shoes.
You'll find them at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompato Beach, open daily 9 till 9.
Sundays 10 to 5 and all this wicked Brandy's.
It's a great time to buy SAS shoes.
Take 20% off all men's and women's SAS styles.
And we should have visit Brandy's shoes on the web if you'd like at Brandy's shoes.com.
See you in my head, looho.
This is Sportswear, you'll find six.
You way, yeah.
Go up those checkered pants.
Starrant my balls in the mirror.
Wishing my song was a bit bigger.
Pretty big.
For potions I'm just measuring this as much on I can, yeah.
.
1101 at 560 W.D. Q.A.M. Here is the big news. The Roman Catholic Church has suspended
confessions in Singapore due to the spread of the deadly SARS virus and priesthood instead
to forgive all church goers for their sins, the church be saying today.
Just like in general, we forgive you. Just don't come near us.
The Archbishop of Singapore is issued a directive to the priest that there will be no individual
confessions and that there are to issue general forgiveness. So they spoke to him for the
Catholic news which represents Singapore's Catholic Church. SARS has killed at least 103
people worldwide including 9 in Singapore. The city state has got the world's fourth
highest number of confirmed cases. So if you want to go to confession, forget about it.
Just walk out in the middle of it. Well, don't, if you got SARS, don't, just stay inside
in Singapore. And certainly don't come here. Don't come here. Don't go to Canada.
Just stay where you are. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound five. Look at a slow moe and replay.
There it is on CNN. There comes the statue. 10.50. They even got the time. 10.50 a.m. statue
falls in Baghdad. And Simon, you also describe this a little bit early. It was monumental.
Is what it was. What? A monumental event. You missed it on TV. Of course, the show should
have a TV in the car. Joe Jamaica, it's going to be dynamite. That's the word I was looking
for was dynamite. And of course, I have that thing about JJ Walker. He makes my skin
crawl. So I don't say dynamite. Now you've seen those things on the travel channel. They've
got entire shows on there where they show the planning and the blowing up of all the old
casinos in Vegas where they like getting ready to build a new one. Yeah. And on the discovery
channel, I've seen all of that. Mom, glad for you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on a 8. No, it
is pretty wild stuff. It's pretty interesting about the 30th time, which dome, one of the football
domes they showed. I don't know how many times that thing blowing up. I've seen it somewhere
times. I could tell you that. I was just intentional and just because the fans got pissed off.
The fans are still in sight. Let's get a new name for the stadium. Let's go back to
Joe Robbie's stadium. What do you think? Okay. I think pro players have been out of business
a long time. I don't know how many months. 3rd man. WQAM. Hello. Yes, sir.
This is the right to sure or going to get the wrong number. No, this is me. Hey, how
are you doing? Not only is it the new Roger show, but you're speaking to his majesty. Oh,
wonderful. Let me be a pompous ass like Lardass. Not a genius subject real quick, but I
was trying to call you earlier in a week, but you know, at the last, the last, you'll
love the way the media tights things on the last show that we were at. There was a Fort
Latter-Dale gun show. A Fort Latter-Dale. A Fort Latter-Dale PD officer was checking in
the guns for the gun show and he pulled the trigger on one of them. It went off and hit two
people, but of course you never saw the paper. Never heard nothing about it. No, you never
will because it was a Fort Latter-Dale PD. I just thought you liked another. Thanks for
the good news. Yeah. See you at the gun show. Wonderful. Oh, by the way, that BSO
cop thing. That was a horrible story. I've seen it raised the reward of 100,000. They
sold that was his first night on that job at that, that, that, that, the car dealer. It
was his first night working there on security. It was also a rookie cop supposed to pull
it. Right. Rookie cop, 25 years old and they came in blue and blue and white. You know,
this, this upset, I don't want to go into it. What's the point? I'm not going to change
nothing. I'm just, you know, I'm just expressing my frustrations of the obsession with violence
and with guns. That's part of the sickness of America, man. It's sick. It's really sick.
That's why all of this, this war, man, when they, they see this today, they're going
to be squeezing themselves until they bleed. You know, all the, all the gun-toten, red
necky, right wing lunatics. Let's kill some schmata heads for Christ. General Tommy Frank
is repeated what we heard him say many. They start, they're raki, start get a little
bit nervous when they put their big cross around Sodom's neck. They got nervous when
they saw that. W to Q.A.M. Q.A.M. Good morning. Yes, sir. When is this? I'm listening to
you. I'm driving a Q.A.M. from business and I just want to tell you that if you don't stand
up or somebody in smack mull Howard in the mouth, I'll get somebody to do it. Okay. Well,
you know who you need to go see, don't you? I don't know. For justice, we need to see
Tom Coyone. He'll take care of it. He's arrogant, so ridiculous. Yeah. It's ridiculous.
Eric is the word man. He's a needle. He's a needle wannabe. He's a human being wannabe
is what he is. Okay. Have a great day. And you too. Hey, even the audience hates you,
mull. Everybody hates you. At least you're consistent. Not good, but consistent. So
anybody that quite and that jackass, that suck whole scot that called him this morning.
Oh, I can't imagine anybody not liking Howard David. Of course, just another caller sucking
into and grace you at himself, you know, never met the man. I'm sure wouldn't know if
he is wig fell on the scot's head. He wouldn't know him. What's going on with this over here,
Carlos? Oh, no. Wait a second. We're going to take a look at it. Get out of here. Just
the old paper jam. Okay, which is really good. I risk crackers. I got it fixed. I've
become a real expert, not because I'm so smart, but because by survival, and I say, you
know, like in Toronto, I got my little studio there. And so I get a paper jam. And I got
it straightened out. I'm on it. I'm right on it. 5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on it. But
I tell you, this week has been so enjoyable without you. I mean, you're okay. Not that you're
doing such a great job. You're not doing anything. But he just bugs me a lot. Yeah. And the audience
obviously bugged by his voice too. Although the marlins have passed him by. Sometimes I feel like
life is passing me by, George. They just hate you, man. But is it the ones that kind of myth that
they like him? No. No, this is a different crowd. No, these people don't like him and are
afraid to admit it. No, this is not the classic crowd. That was another pull. You got your
pools mixed up, man. You better get your pools straight now. Oh, there's Martin Savage and Bag
that on a very bad one of those telephone. The building is behind us here. And at the same time,
well, that firing was taking place because there was so much artillery fire, tank fire,
heavy machine gun fire, mortar fire going off. It apparently touched off a huge cache
seemed like anti-aircraft artillery that literally burned and exploded for the next 45 minutes,
even after the fighting had started. Listen to their bag that University.
Flying through the air, mortar rounds going off. And just it sounded like World War III had
broken out. But there also had been a heavy fire with the Marines. The Marines now have obviously
taken control of the campus. The fires have been extinguished and the fighting has stopped
from the campus. He's under control. Okay, well, there's a little more ox segment. There
going to be a lot more excitement. Don't get all cocky. All you hawks out there to think,
oh, we got it done. Now, you don't have it done. Isn't it the statue they just not found
right there behind them? No, it is not. It's not. It is? I guess that is. How can it be? This is
a live picture. It says. Wait a minute. Oh, this is Martin Savage. Now, this is at Bag that
University. The other thing was that it's another statue of him. Okay, they're all over the.
No, this is one of the other impostors. It's statue number 42. I asked Martin Savage when we
had him on the air last week. I said, how many Sodom statues are there in the rim bag that he said,
oh, no, I can't believe I did that. He said, oh, you're interfering with the show today.
Why do I keep? Oh, that's right. I did the Luca Brossy thing. Well, I'm not used to this board.
You know, it's a graphical back to Toronto. Here's the fact that the reason why Joe Robby
Stadium is still named pro player because it would cost Wayne 750 grand. Just to take all the pro
player signs down and clean the main signs. How about the stadium? Wayne sucks. It says. Wayne sucks.
Absolutely correction. Oh, speaking of Wayne, well, I'll get to it in a second. The greatest thing
we've already taught the Iraqis, I'll tell you the second. By the way, why can't hockey have a
shootout after the overtime? That would be exciting. No, shootout sucks. I hit that. And forget
the point system. Don't agree with the views on the war, but love the shows. Aldo went for it.
Now what was I just going to say? The greatest thing we taught the Iraqi. Oh, speaking of Wayne,
did you see it was like in the early days of the war in Basra and they were doing the Hoki
Poki with the troops? You didn't see that? I think I remember that. Yeah, they were doing it. You'll
put your right foot in, you're sticking up Wayne's ass. It was great. They were doing a Hoki Poki.
I was just I think that even our good friend. Wayne, I think that even he would have been impressed. See,
this is not the same statue you were seeing before. So just don't get all your get your Sodom straight,
will you? I know there's a lot of them, but just calm down. 11 past 11 at 560 WQM. Hey, if you find
yourself working for a real schmuck, if you're in a dead end job, if you don't have two nickels to
rub together, get out of that dead end job. If you got a IQ larger than your thumb, this is probably
for you. Call our good friends at fast rain and start on a new high paying computer job. You can
get trained in this for easy months and start getting a big fat paycheck. By the way, speed of that,
tomorrow's payday clearance. Yeah, I just mentioned that in passing. Look at that. Carlos is,
he's hyperventilating about it because you know, he probably ain't going to get it. Don't forget
Carlos and Miguel at Treasure Island this afternoon, five to seven. See, that's why we're not going to
pay it tomorrow. We don't want you to waste your money on those expensive hookers over there.
Anyway, if you're in it, like I said, a crappy job. Here's the answer for you. Just one simple
call to fast rain can change your life. 866 fast rain. Fast rain offers convenient day evening,
weekend classes. Check them out at the web. If you like it, fastrain.com and get out of your dead
end job once and for all. There are high demand those computer professionals and the demand is getting
higher by the moment, just like the people in this building. Call fast rain today. They're
all out locations all over town. They're in Miami, Kendall, Pemberpins, and Fort Lauderdale. So
there's bound to be one close by you. Register at fastrain.com to receive your free American flag
bumper sticker. Wave it proudly, man. Wave it all around and you put your right foot in, right?
Do the hokey-poky while you're doing it too. Can't hurt. Pick up the phone and call fast
for it today and get you a real job and a real big fat income. Call 1-866 fast trains.
With the sewer of this place.
All right.
Or used to be anyway.
Little tribute to Old Quality. He's got the right complexion.
He's just like Hitler and Abe Abrong. What's that? He's founding God.
Yes.
Somebody faxed me this. The dolphins have been playing a pro player stadium named after a
food or a loom company that lost its shorts in the economic downturn four years ago.
Four years ago. They went out of business. The dolphins have been looking for a new
company to buy the stadium's name. So the other facts was correct. He just too cheap to go and change all the signs and everything. So here we got to talk about an embarrassment. I've always told you this town is beyond embarrassment. And you know what I am?
Absolutely correct. So we got a stadium with a couple of really marginal teams, neither which makes the playoffs. And the owners too cheap to change. At least take this sign down. Make it back to Joe Robbie Stadium. Okay.
No, he won't do it. You cheap old bald headed geek. Oh, they just have more to talk. He had generals, one of the 8500 talking every tire generals and colonels. And he said that this was the easy part.
He said the setting up the new government being there and what's the follow that's going to be the difficult part and he is also.
Absolutely correct. Well, here's a replay on a statue and it was used as a justification not to expand the peacekeeping security forces outside of the stadium.
And the result has been virtual and a key of reemergence of war lordism attacks on humanitarian workers and the like.
Oh, she's talking about the great job we did enough. Honest time. That's right. We're always talking a good game. We're going to liberate you.
We're going to set up a real democracy. Are we ever do it? No. No. We leave too early and we let the animals work themselves out.
The animals. Do you want to start getting Georgia's hate mail? Now is that it? We're going to put your name on here next time we do this poll.
Beener boy. When you see a Boehner boy treasurer on the night, slap him on the side of the head and say quick honest animals. Okay. All you schmata heads out there. All you Afghans. Maybe there'll even be some Afghans there tonight or at least some Brownie Hans.
398 votes on the poll. Which of these sends you diving to the dial to change stations the fastest religion talk 73.
What what is shaking your head about? They've heard it on my choice. They've heard it enough. They've had enough with this heath and crap that George keeps spewing on his show.
If these people if we could be a little bit more pious on this show, you know, and worship the Lord.
In fact, remember Pope Pius speaking of Nazis. Oh, Georgia's voice 72. Marlon's baseball 72. George and the Marlon's always knew the headlight in common.
In fact, we got almost a three way tie for first religion talk 74 now. Georgia's voice 73. Marlon's baseball 72. Mo. Howard David is voice only 53.
Ah, you're somebody to talk about Mo. George. I'll tell you that right now. He's way way to hell ahead of you. I mean, under you know what I'm saying? In other words, you're killing him.
Take off those checkered pants. Yeah, you little geek golf talk 42. Race track talk 32. Guilty's voice 23. I'm gully's voice hockey talk 15. Ward talk 12 and talk about Mo. 7.
So that thing that means it's starting from the bottom. We should be talking about those things. Talking about Mo. Well, we certainly not going to let you down on that ever because we all hate him.
Ward talk. I think we've done our part today, especially the statue. 5 million people.
A hockey talk 15. Well, I'm more hockey talk. What about that match on the Alexander McGillney and Gary Roberts and Doug Gilmore can't play the first round. How about those ladies, baby? Eddie Bell for have a good belt or two before the game tonight. He can't hurt and they're playing in filth of Elf you when I was nasty flyer fans.
Oh, oh, cringe to think about hate the flyers. I hate their fans hate Bobby Clark. I hate Bobby Clark. He makes me with that stupid tooth eating grin back in the days. We didn't have no teeth in there.
Mmm real piece of crap. This is the man who said, well, we didn't tell Roger Nielsen to go get cancer.
That's the kind of guy Bobby Clark is. That's what he said. Roger Nielsen when they let him go. Yeah, Roger. I mean, good luck to you, but we didn't tell you to go get cancer. I mean, you know, just good luck someplace else.
Oh, my God. What a jackass. That Bobby Clark. You asked for. Right. You got it, Mo.
So I have to lease with about 15 to nothing tonight. It's in Philadelphia though. So you know, Kate Smith's going to be singing God Bless America on tape. Oh, I've speak into the panthers. I don't see this long over. It was a foregone conclusion.
They won't listen to anybody. They're about your hardasses. Not only did they have the volume cranked up again. I mean, heavy duty level on Sunday.
But they had the little girl. I guess they've been doing this all along. They hit the little girl reading the line of singing. What is wrong with you people? Do you have any idea about how to present a big league quality, a professional event? No, I guess not.
Starting on last wing for the Philadelphia flyers. Is it somebody's daughter? Evan Ellie.
Oh, man. I guess it was the leaf game when she was butchering up the names. Starting for the maple leaves. Nick and tropov.
Tied dummy. Oh, it was just she was pretty good. She was terrible. And then they had some chicken out and do God Bless America before the national anthem.
And I'm going to be honest with that realize it was in the sunrise of the Macarena, but that it was not considering where in this war, you know, there was not the usual.
Yeah, you know, this is seriously. It was kind of like lukewarm, like lucrobatie. Wait a year this somebody just facemies the New York Times.
And they put a note on here. It says how long before point extra in a escrow's KGB declare martial law.
Remember him, martial law. He was kind of Vernon law used to pitch for the Pittsburgh pirates, the Deacon, Vernon law. Rest in peace. I think he's dead.
Republicans want terror law made permanence as the New York Times. Working with the Bush administration congressional Republicans are maneuvering to make permanent.
These sweeping anti terrorism powers granted the federal law enforcement agents after the attacks of 9-11 official said yesterday.
Do you understand the destuplicate track of everyone?
The movies likely to touch off strong objections from many Democrats and even some Republicans in Congress who believe the Patriot Act, who believe that the Patriot Act has legislation that grew out of the attacks is known has already given the government too much power to spy on Americans.
The landmark legislation expanded the government's power to use eavesdropping surveillance access to financial and computer records and other tools to track terrorist suspects.
It's supposed to expire or sunset at the end of 2005 unless Congress reauthorizes the principles of it.
But Republicans in the Senate have in recent days discussed and proposed written by Senator Orin Snatch of Utah that would repeal the sunset provisions and make the laws new powers permanent.
How do you like that? They want to make it permanent.
You might mention my name is Rice Master Gary.
Many Democrats have grown increasingly frustrated about what they see as a lack of information from the Justice Department on how its agents are using their newfound powers and they say they need more time to determine whether agents are abusing those powers.
Oh, that could never happen here. Could it? No. They couldn't go after their enemies like Gay and Groover. Could they?
What a facts machine is smoking it, a man. Here's the facts from Dave. Oh!
It says with this latest news from Baghdad, we can safely go around dragging that we have toppled Sodom Hussein Har Har.
Oh, okay. We've toppled him. We toppled a regime. I toppled a regime and him. Okay.
Upon that it was cute. It was from a guy named Dave.
Here's one that's a monkey man. Dave. You guys should get guilty to the play by playing the statue coming down.
Tell him, okay, monkey man. Give it a rest. Okay. We do a real good yesterday. Give it a rest.
See, you give these people any encouragement and right away they're like sit down comedians. They're like entertainers. They're just just relax monkey man.
Okay. Put it back in your pants and calm down. Okay. Put your banana back in your pants, Mr. Monkey and calm down.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Here's one. Oh, yeah. I almost forgot about this one.
That Jackass Norma can't. What an idiot. Here's a fact from his only listener. Adrian.
Yo, Adrian. It says Neil was listening to Storm and Flaming Norma Kencho this morning before he started ripping a deal about Neil being a fat ass on the couch fumbling with a remote, dicking around with a cable.
He screams Neil get up off the couch. You won't have as many heart attacks. I haven't had any heart attacks, Norm.
Your squeeze list. I've had my my squeeze is great. Okay. Not that you're going to get any indication of it. Okay.
Ask our good neutral friend Jim. He'll tell you my squeeze is real good.
It says tell Norma to get off the air and get to work on you being syndicated. Listening online Adrian. PS when George is on the air. Start running for the hills. Oh, man.
So there's a guy with good taste. He can't stand normal. Kent when George is on he starts running like a banshee. Yeah, Norma do something constructive. Okay. And stuff.
Using me from material on your pathetic one hour show on a make believe station. Oh, and also speaking of that.
Volker Brian was telling me yesterday that Randy is on a year. I know she was on somewhere, but a cheap channel keeps moving all these Palm Beach people around all the stations. You can't keep track. That's probably the idea. 1290.
We mentioned yesterday. I guess. And Volker Brian said she's doing a magnificent job, even though of course she's very self immersed with her own importance and things, but she's doing a good job. Nice going, Randy. And also mentions very flattering about me. How great I am.
By the way, Lynn Samuels hates you like poison Randy. Well, Lynn also said our website is looking better every day and much better than hers. And I wrote her back and I said, yes, thank you, Lynn. Thank you, Lynn. We love you sweetheart.
Even though your friend Matt's an asshole. Yeah, I spoke of Brian. I said, what is the attraction there? What is that all about? Huh?
Because the rumor has it that Lynn's got a matte-roage blowup doll. She said it works a lot better than the real thing in his case.
And I'm sure I can see that 26 after 11. That's what David Brock said to you. Hey, I want to give you some really exciting news. More great deals from our friends Tom Laman and Joe Prieta with Halop Pontiac GMC. Listen carefully. Put your ear and rear right to the radio.
Neil deal number one. Get 0% financing for 60 months and every Pontiac or GMC in stock. Neil deal number two. Get up to a $4,000 rebate and every new GMC in Pontiac in stock. That's correct. Get you up to a $4,000 rebate and every new car truck in stock.
And Neil deal number three. If you're currently a GM smart lease, you're smart by customer and driver Chevy Blazer and old's Provoto or GMC Jimmy. Buy or lease a new Pontiac or GMC and get an extra $1,000 off the price. Stop by Halot and test drive the all new and powerful Pontiac Grand Prix.
Halop Pontiac. I was starting to think about Grand Prix every time I see that. You know me in my mind. I have heard people on the years to call it the Grand Prix. You can't say that.
Halop Pontiac GMC 134 1 South Dixie Highway. That's US 1 across from the falls open every day seven days a week. Norma get a life you jackass and quick call me at home. We hate you.
For more information called the Neil deal hotline tool free at 1,885344211. That's 1,888,5344211. Don't forget all Neil deals. Our subject to credit and privacy deal afforded tails which in this case happens to be Halop Pontiac GMC who are definitely beyond a shadow of a doubt professional grace.
And law says it's for real by city.
This is as the one thing that gets some diving for the dial to change the station the most.
Halop Pontiac GMC 134211. That's the one thing that gets some attention.
Halop Pontiac GMC 134211. That's the one thing that gets attention.
The first day of misprint in the newspaper day score 15 runs every inning and the marlins win every game they never lose. What's the next question?
That guy is a panic. And then the real panic was watching the news the idiot center analyzing well how can he be saying this? He said whatever he wants.
He doesn't want to get his ass killed is what it's all about. He's a good obedient soldier and called to ask with a lot of cash. I'm sure.
On the horizon that oil far has burned through the night another oil far set just as I came across the marines.
It only take me so far because they have very very sort of strict lines of division between the various regiments that they won't cross.
Who knows what anchor of cost there at MSNBC?
And Bob, as we talk about the fact that some of the worst may still be ahead that the day.
The idiots of spreading the stars run on your TV set. Here's the fact that says how far do you see the panthers going to play off?
About to the wall I would say right to their cars in a parking lot. I can see Victor Croslo by tickets for the Eastern semis but I can't really see the longer going to game seven and Dallas to see the cup deciding game between Toronto and Dallas.
Oh Toronto and Dallas. This must be from a stars fan. Oh god are they boring. They're so boring. You mean Toronto and Vancouver, right?
I can also see Jay Feeder and Ricky Williams going to the Super Bowl after they buy tickets of course.
The dolphins and everybody to the bowl.
So we're leading a lot of stuff here. We got the prince Charles thing. I don't know whether we have time for the tabloid stuff.
Oh we got to have this Brittany. Anything has to do with Brittany. The guys are like right there. Got their hand on their knob.
Now I better play the right one. Is it this one? Yeah.
Hi everybody. Welcome back to the countdown. I'm your host crazy case with a letter from a listener in the new to OPA.
That's not the one. What's the moment he's cursing? What is that called? They're called Casey? One moment please. Oh yeah.
Now we're up to our long distance dedication. And this one is about kids and pets and a situation that we can all understand.
Whether we have kids or pets or neither. It's from a man in Cincinnati.
Dear Casey, this may seem to be a strange dedication request, but I'm quite sincere and it'll meet a lot if you play it.
Recently there was a death in our family. He was a little dog named Snuckles, but he was most certainly a part. Please.
See when you come out of those up tempo damn numbers, man, it's impossible to make those transitions.
And then you got to go into somebody dying. You know, they do this to me all the time. I don't know what the hell they do it for, but damn it.
If we can't come out of a slow record, I don't understand it is down on the phone. Okay. I want to damn concerted effort to come out of a record that isn't a.
I'm up tempo record every time I do a damn death dedication. Now make a picture as I was supposed to see this week.
It's a god last damn time. I want somebody use this in brain to not come out of a damn record that is that being.
Boy, this is imponderous man. Ponderous and ponderous.
Britney Spears, no boyfriend is showing the trouble singer how to mend her broken heart without hitting the wild partying scene.
Morris, give it a shoner, but it's too late. After the pop princess was dumped last year by X-LOG-T.
But after being introduced by mutual friends to Mike Kasim, son of legendary radio DJ Casey Kasim.
Britney is trying hard to change her bad girl ways, pal, say.
Oh, Mike is helping Britney get over Justin if her intel is the star. She was going out lots of nights, then Mike stepped into her life and he's had a positive influence on her.
Maybe she's maybe they're going in and out. He's gotten Britney to keep her parting to a minimum. He would like her to stop drinking entirely Britney.
Get it down honey and the booze too. Now the picture here, which he's a pretty marginal.
Can you think she'd ever go out with a good looking guy? I don't know who he is. He's not a bad looking guy, but she's not going out with him anymore.
He's gotten Britney to keep her. Britney 21 considers Mike 27 a former MTV VJ in Asia a role model because he doesn't indulge in Hollywood excess.
He's strong and stable says the friend he doesn't drink or do drugs.
That does make a mistake home geek. He and Britney spend the nights together at sushi and Louisiana style restaurants her favorites and hanging it out at the Hollywood hotspot.
Joseph's cafe in the lounge eating sushi.
Mike's fun and outgoing. He's showing Britney you don't have to party to extreme to have a good time.
So the friend they've dated since November, but Mike knows part of Britney is still pining for her instinct X.
And we can take it what part it is, but we can't say it on here.
Still pining for Justin's tinkerbell. I'm in love with her and I'm waiting patiently for her to fall in love with me, but I know she's still hung up on Justin.
Mike can fight into the friend. Don't you take this thing going on long enough and it's time for Britney to say bye bye bye.
So that little twirpy twinkie piece of crap. Oh God. He's nauseating. Can he sing? Does he look good? Any talent whatsoever? See with a party mouth daddy like you got.
She's a super talent case. He case him 70 tells the star. My son thinks she's a great girl.
Mike is quiet when it comes to talking about Britney saying we're just friends.
We're just friends.
Now because he wants to tell me she don't tell me she's a dyke. Please. I wouldn't say that even if I knew that just because it would ruin.
Would see George. I'm sure not by that. He think that that's great. So in other words, you don't want to watch her do it.
I say JLo. Sure she let me watch or hop into middle. But sources say you probably heard JLo's ass would get in the way all her will say she did look damn good at the what was it.
Was she at the awards? Yeah, yeah, the Oscars. Oh and the new news is that the movie that she made with the both of them would then reflect so bad they won't release it.
That's how bad it's seriously. It's called fall down and they did or something. Yeah, awful. And guess what JLo we're still not believing it.
She's not going to get in between Matt Damon and Ben. I'll guarantee you that. Anyway, Mike spends evenings at Britney's house. The friend says he won't say if they're having sex and he's nothing kind of got a kiss until I want to give you a kiss.
But he hints that they're very close. Not close enough to do it, but they're getting there. He's definitely attracted also came to Britney's rescue another see Mike.
And who's this? I'll call and ferrell's on about. Oh wait. Colin Ferrell above left. Oh yeah, he don't look to be able to turn turn your head. Colin can't do it.
But the new Mike Kasim right up. He not not good. I wouldn't touch him with your hand. She called Mike from Justin's party crying and all of a sudden because Justin was ignoring her. The friend says Mike was waiting for Britney was visibly distressed when she left the party where Justin was hanging out with Christina Aguilera and listen to Lano.
And even as mousey as Christina is that great record is what's the record called? Believe me. I don't know. No, Christina Aguilera said it's a great record. I know but I can't believe it. She can depend on Mike says the friends. He always wants him around. She feels protected when he is. Hey, Britney, time to say bye. Bye. Bye.
The ticker bell just start doing it with somebody looks human. What is the name of that song? Beautiful. That's the name of the song. Beautiful. See, I asked the questions and then I answered. Now he nods his head.
Yeah, that's it. Nice going old man. Beautiful. Thank you.
Five big noon to one hour Wednesday, hump day, reprieve with our comedy bits. Thank God. Anybody doesn't like that. You were communist. We love it.
There's something on fire and Baghdad of these kind of weapons and fortunately so far we have not seen weapons of mass destruction used.
Not yet. We haven't seen them. Use we haven't seen that they exist there yet. But we're still looking man. We got to search party on.
Hey, the panthers and heater done for the season. So it's college basketball. The marlins are off from another really crappy start two and six last time I checked and the dolphins don't get started for three more months.
But wait, there's still some live action going on where you can be a winner and have a great time.
Poppito Park harness is open for live harness racing Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. First post time 715 PM general parking general
mission at free. Let me say it again, general parking and admission are free at Poppito Park. Come up to. Pumpy. No parking during the thrill of nighttime horse racing action. Enjoy the sounds of thunder.
Ring hooves coming down the stretch and cheer home a winner from the rail. Poppito Park has the live horse racing racing action you're looking for plus
thoroughbred highlight harness racing, cymbal casting from North America every day starting at noon. This Friday night, Poppito.
It's the $25,000 final of the Valley victory trotting serious featuring stakes record holders sweet count taking on ember and a la veck. ZZ's balance and wild rush plus world class drivers Brian serious.
Bruce Ranger. Oh, and walleye a henna see and Kevin Wallace in every race. Every race on Friday. That's good. We're sitting in Brian serious Bruce Ranger, Walleye,
and this in Kimmelwall. You haven't got a chance. Hey, Walleye, forget about it. And don't forget every Wednesday like tonight at the Poppito Park is done tonight with draft beer hot dogs. So doesn't even more way to we have to leave my harder drive drive. It's going to be great.
Poppito Park a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline road for more info call 954 972 2000. Don't forget the schedule now. We got four hour nights a week Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday,
like tonight, 715 p.m.
We'll lesbian.
I'm under age.
462 votes out for this pool on neo-Raju.com and your right linens are great website and I'll tell you what in Carlis doing a great job on an airquile.
Here's the poll question today. Which of these sends you diving to the dial to change stations the fastest? Marlins baseball has come from a late start to first place.
Oh, the Marlins are first place at least in our standings 87 votes. Muff. They hate hearing Marlins baseball, especially when we're supposed to be on air here or Hank or anybody in midday or mad dog. They hated George's voice 81. He's given him a run for the money and religion talk 76.
Moe Howard Davided is voice 63.
Golf talk 51. Race track talk 37. All those old cockers who stand down are at the rail turning over to losing tickets like I said at Gulfstream.
Gowdy's voice 26. Hockey talk 19. Ward talk only 14 and talk about Mo only 8. Yeah. So I think today in honor of Moe and that noon to one hour which I predicted this the other day that being the mood to do that.
Maybe we'll have like an all-mo hour noon to one. Maybe we just wanted to other sprinkled in there because I don't know if we have enough. Yeah, we do.
Oh, easy. Yeah, we do. We build up a little mole momentum and then of course mad dog from that laugh from wherever the hell it is from that golf crab Augusta.
Somebody faxed and says, I was saying mad. It's his across the street or down the street or in the same state. No way will be he be at the turning.
I mean, he doesn't really care. I don't think he's just up there having a good time. What was he talking about that? Hagen does ice cream and some peaches? I don't know what some crap.
He's drinking his green lizards and eating a bunch of great crap. That's all he's a great guy. He's just a party animal man to mad dog.
It says Jim Mandage Broadcasting in the woods of Georgia while hanging out with a bunch of other men. Well, that's what he likes. He likes the company of other men.
Not in bed, but the rest of the time. Not in the kitchen necessarily. Bill says Jesus Christ, Neil. I'm sorry, Bill. I could give you a little bit better in through the net if I could find it.
Like I said, Bill says Jesus Christ, Neil. Every time that, oh, this is your first hate facts. Great. We save this. Maybe you can get on it. Every time that little beeners pick opens his mouth. It makes me want to put my hair out. Every time that little beeners pick opens his mouth. If you shut up.
It makes me want to pull my hair out. I thought George sounded like he was always in search of his balls, but Carlos makes George sound like James Earl Jones.
This is CNN. I just keep thinking of that phone call to the bird where the guy begs and trades to just play something. Anything. I can't stand to hear the sound of his voice. Bill.
I'm touched. So maybe we can redo that. I hate the bird bit. And we can't. I hate the the beener boy bit. Just please play something. Yeah. Although he isn't talking as much as George. Thank God.
Because if he would be, he'd be gone. Okay. Marlon's baseball got 88 votes. Isn't that something? That's a price. No, I'm not surprising at all that. I mean, I keep trying to tell you people. A very few people here care. You can keep trying to pedal it. You can give away free hot dogs and give away. Well, whatever you want.
But the rest of the time nobody's going to show up because they just don't care. And you can keep rehashing and analyzing them. It's so ponderous. I'd rather hear people talk about golf. And I'd rather be dead than here talk about golf.
Oh, but the tiger. Yeah, take the tiger and stick him. Okay. Tired of it. It's all boring. Golf. No golf is it's a blue nose pursuit for people with too much time on their hands. Tiger.
I like it. W Q I N. Yeah, sir. I have honest to God. Curious question. I don't understand. Okay. The loose papers and radio TV all said that they were able to talk. Who they thought is the downer of sons in 12 minutes.
That's not 45 minutes for them to get there. Okay, 45 minutes to get there. We have a guy 90 miles south. He got out of the stage to give a 2 1 hour speech.
That's fast out and came back. Right. He can't talk to him. I mean, isn't he going to talk to this evil door? He's a small potatoes man. You notice his name was never listed with the evil. I they asked us of evil.
I just I just showed you and I about the same age. I want to ask you know, remember that they do is lead up right?
Mm hmm. During that time period, I really want to know. Text draw and bail helicopter. Everybody had to everybody had to lose because if they didn't produce some while the war was on.
I just remember what I said, be where the military industrial complex. That's what he said.
Exactly. They can have a good day. And you too. That's what all I said. And of course, everybody liked like he's the one that had all a heart attack.
Norm, not me. I have no heart attack chance to go liberate the Iraqi people. I'd also like to ask the 75% of Americans if they still support the war.
If it were being fought here and it was our children being blown up. I love the response you get from our government officials when asked about innocent children dying.
They'll give you the company line. Well, if we didn't do this, many more would die at the hands of Sodom. Right. That's almost like saying if we don't kill somebody else will.
And this goes on and on. Keep the public busy with no time to think back on the farm with the other animals. Right. Very good. Thanks. Thank you, sir. You're right on target.
Keep busy. Keep the education system a joke. Talk a good game about education and keep the people stupid and occupied with kaka like American idol, which we'll be starting next Thursday on Iraqi TV.
Huh? Do you think that's a good idea? We're right. I do. Now what did I say? We're going to the pool tomorrow. We're going to the pool on whether or what should be the first shows on Iraqi TV and radio since it's not controlled by USA USA USA USA.
Liberation day in Baghdad with USA suffice at the say and the Brits. Three minutes till noon. We got that big noon to one. This thing is flown by here. We should take one quick call WQ AM.
Sorry. No time. Hey, if you're still.
Wait for years to come.
I'm from a really an Irish lady and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels and listening to the near rock.
Hey, I'm going to eat that hour.
All right, welcome back to the Howard David show where we went a clean family diaper what he call it there show here.
No, almost talk about queers like that. You fake guy. That follows me. I ain't going to make the same goddamn mistakes who he sales made.
What are you? You remember when he told the kids to put their hands in the parents thing. Oh, yeah, vividly with a little you man based on the comedy style.
Links a jack boom boom Carter. Oh, yeah, that's saying it a beautiful day in paradise.
Paradise. Paradise. Why sure? Better than New York. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you're from New York, right? I'm from Knazzi.
All right, fight down. I just flipped my wig again. So when you come down here for well, I had to be sides at this right here. This is paradise.
Just the world got I can say I kind of miss New York. Why? Don't you want to go back sometime? I can't go back.
Well, they told me no one's sighting times. Let's not get into that right now. Yeah, that sounds familiar. So what you hear the news? I said have you heard the news?
No, they're gonna suspend. That's right. They want to let that little spit bastard go. What did he do? I just don't like him. Ain't that good enough?
But a little over the top. Don't you think? Are you arguing with me? No. You know who I am. I got the power of great greed behind me. I want a fire of all.
I will. You. You're fired too. Get out of my place of business. You're a place of business. Why you? Why are you on a town?
I'm. Five sixty WQA have presents. Leaving to be starring Moe Howard David as Moe. All in as gay carloas.
David J. Goldstein as Wally and Brian London as the beast. I'm home. Hey, was the hat stand? I ain't got no place to hang my wig. I'm out there.
You better clean that deep pedal before Moe gets home. I don't know, Wally. It's kind of achy. So you didn't clean the pee pedal. Yeah, fat little bastard. You tabalade. You're walking. Go ahead. I told you he did so. I don't be so hard on the blind.
They come here beast time. We had a little chat. Um, I don't know. Okay. No, you don't say anything to lump through what the standard. Okay. I said nothing. I'm done talking. But you stop. But I got right. That's it. Remember my friend here. Mr. Belt.
I said stop it. You shake your mouth. Your pipe smoking. Okay. But don't stand near the window. What for? You might fall.
Don't. Don't. And that's why I think I'll have a championship season. And when did I tell you you don't talk till I say you can talk? This is the beast. I said shut up. That's all. But you're like a father to me. You don't talk to. I'm done talking. When I'm done talking, then you talk. Okay. I'll be. Come. Come. I want you to meet a friend of mine. Mr. Gulf Club. I'm going to show you the business. Come.
This court sentences you to 20 years in ours. What do you invoke? I had ordered tag off my mattress. Look like we'll be a bunk mate. The names more Howard David. Starrer stage screen and paradise. What's yours?
God. God.
What else to be safe and eat? No, both. No.
No, man. No, no. I knew it in the blaze, but that's so pretty. Okay. For the best of you like that. You know who I am. Come and then don't take it up now.
All right. But I expect a print methodology. I might just put that blue man a book. I said.
Lord, I'll see you now. Thanks. Well, Mr. David. Hello, Wooden.
Jack. Jack. How can it help you? Well, you see, Wooden. I keep getting raped.
So is a vatish. I look into it right away. Thanks, Wooden. It's about time. Somebody to now drop your pad. I said drop your pad. This is Oz.
Favours no come to you. Let's rape.
Oh, you big shot. That's how we pass the time away in the gay old jail.
Oh, what's the crap they played on the whole?
That's power. Well, garbage. The kids today don't know it's good. Like that song. I'm happy I live in a split level head. You remember that?
No. Why am I surrounded by morons? Come on, howie. Don't you go be howie.
I got enough information from you. You're not a battle. Okay, that's it. You're all fired. You're back to be the woman.
You listen to me. You're fired. You'll need that ghost boy you too. You who I am, I'm the king of paradise.
I came down here after losing my child, Wooden. To be a big fish.
Here in a little pond. When they kicked me off the SP and they told me don't come back again.
I had some problems with wise guys who advised I moved to paradise.
Fire. That's back there late all the week night. I was fucking. You're a fire. And I hope that kids got what dies.
I hope you all die. I'm a big fish and a little pond to see you. I'm a big fish and a little pond.
Yeah. Why does anybody do anything? Well, now come down. I don't want to play the extra stuff. That's the extra stuff at the end of that bit.
It always hits on the CD. You have to buy most bits in order to get that extra stuff. Here's a great cartoon.
There is the Tin Man and the Skircro, but it's Cheney and Bush. And over Cheney's it says it. If only I had a heart and Bush is saying it.
If only I had a brain. That's beautiful. Thank you very much. It's a lovely thing.
Let me say it again. If they were showing all the powerful images from the Baghdad hospitals. Maybe that might have a little bit different impression.
If you're one of those weak, neat, emotional people that's going to allow all your reasoning about what's been going on for a long time, three weeks plus,
to be tempered by these very limited scenes that they're showing today, then you must be pretty simple. That's all I can tell you.
You must be a perfect creature for television. And you wait till we get that Iraqi TV and radio on, man. Just wait. I'll let you buy tomorrow.
They got the goddamn Rush Limbaugh show on. Speaking of that, if you're working for Real Jackass, if you're making like peanuts,
if you have, don't have two nickels to rub together, there is a way to get you into a real career and start getting a big, big paycheck. Pay the end of our clearance.
Call one 866 fast train and get started in a brand new high paying computer job. And let me tell you again, computer professionals are a higher demand that ever be full.
No excuse not to get started now. Get out of your dead end job. Call fast train tool free.
One 866 fast train. Don't forget in just four short months. You can have all the training you be needing and get started making some real cash.
You're not in your dead end job once and for all fast trains got convenient day evening weekend classes so they can fit into your schedule and about to be nearby you because they have locations all over town.
Fast trains in Miami, Kendall, Pembert, Pies and Fort Lauderdale register at fast train.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker. Pick up that phone and call fast train today for a real career and a real income. Change your life. Call one 866 fast train.
Call one 866 fast train.
We're supposed to be in your 566. UAM.
Is a butt ass smell it?
What the hell am I always getting raped by men?
You have a nice fat mo.
I'm sure but I don't ever get raped by brothers.
When and don't race men?
And it's too bad that there is such a thing as an attractive man you know.
Mau?
What are you know you're crumb?
What are you some kind of fairy?
What are you go for your other monkey footy organ grind it down the hole?
I'm not a queer.
What do you know about being queer you moron?
I've been right to not to know the difference.
Sorry mo dad.
Now see here we're supposed to be talking about sports here not about good looking men just men in general and nothing else.
This is sports radio over here we love men.
But I guess the city have a bird.
I guess the other night I saw this commercial on overnight TV when this guy was growing out at the ocean see.
On this island filled with strippers that are brought they looked okay but this guy in the commercial I would say in an objective sort of way he was pretty cute.
Get out your left.
Get left and did I give you clearance to left?
Was this gonna scriptuate Mau?
Yeah.
And the guy was growing out of the islands you thought he was cute?
Yeah that's right.
Are you asked me to be objective?
I actually asked and you still make fun of me.
You wanna get fired again?
How?
That guy there had pinchable jaws.
I'm sure we're too goddamn funny.
That was George.
That was George.
You're Morgan grinders monkey?
You know maybe I am in love with that mango munch and speak.
He certainly does make a ring with my nose glow like a neon rainbow.
Wanting him fired must have been just a re-enchantment suppressor through the power of the world.
But I can't for anybody know what I want to enter his place.
Get out of here all you you're all nuts.
You're all...
Hey I can't move.
Look at the bulging your pants Mau.
Oh no.
If I move the wrong way out.
Hey everybody, Momest is pants.
Do do do do do do do you grub him?
How?
That white Mau.
Welcome back to the soot plate fluid's kind of linguists of the Mohawada Damien to show them.
Where we got the three qualas of power rotation for your perusials.
Hey Mom.
What?
This better not be about hokey.
We got special guests today.
No one's allowed in here to stay bring food for their king giggiggiggigg.
Too late.
That's already fucked them.
How are ya?
Who the hell at ease my moods?
That's the rickinson.
You know?
Drive home with us today.
Good.
Sorry.
Never heard of you bummer.
Well I wonder why.
Well what do you do?
You got an act?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Exactly.
Like what?
We spin the wheel.
Wherever the wheel stops, we grab meat off of it.
We slam it.
You name it.
What's funny about that?
Well you gotta point there.
Why can't you just ask me a question?
You ready to put your hand in toilet bowl?
You think that's funny huh?
Well I got news for you pal.
You both stink.
That's our criminal.
My principius is getting fired at him right now.
What a bummer.
Get out of my place of business.
No.
Alright alright, toughen.
I'll give you one more chance to show me what you got.
I hope this isn't really funny because I got a really full bladder.
Alright these were things that probably adults would know.
They're like old sayings and I want you to fill in the blank.
You know how to do that?
Yeah.
Here we go.
The bigger they are, the harder they get to do.
Yeah.
What do you think I'm doing?
Did I give clearance clearance to give you clearance to laugh?
How dare you laugh at me.
I suppose you want to make me now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Start looking at that.
Would be wild yeah.
Alright alright.
I don't even care anymore.
Hey.
You'll be holding my green face.
Okay.
What are you looking at?
Freckleface family.
And you guys got a condo.
That's condom mold.
What of it?
Yeah I do.
I mean I don't suds does.
Fine.
And I might as well one is I didn't do today.
Okay.
Now you have to say spin your meat rickenside.
Yeah.
Spin your meat rickens.
Let's do it.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, got it.
Oh, what's the matter?
I was shooting first.
Oh.
See, I told you it's not my day.
I'm so embarrassed.
I'm just looking for Jake funny.
Okay.
It's time I embarrassed him.
Oh.
It's my personal.
Oh.
Okay.
Oh.
Clean it.
560 WQAM presents the OP and Anthony show with Mohawar David.
This is OP.
And I'm Anthony.
Wait a minute.
It's me with a low voice.
Oh.
Yeah.
You got the effected point.
Okay.
Hi Anthony.
Yeah.
Hi.
I'm so happy.
And let's not forget our old pal Mohawar David.
Yeah.
I was wondering how long we'd take for you to punch the girl around for me.
I really had the big time.
Here I am with the OP on Anthony.
Hey Mohawar.
What?
Take off your pants.
Yeah.
We're going to rape you now.
You got to be kidding me.
This is a family show.
Ah.
Wrong.
This is the golpe on Anthony show.
Now come on.
Strap.
Thought you guys only did that in touch.
Yeah.
Hey.
Get your hands up.
Get out of there.
Get up and sit next.
That's my girl.
I'm gonna catch my delicate defender.
What is everybody want to rape me?
Why does we think it's funny?
That's why.
Yeah.
You got a nice back.
I got loose for you, pal.
I'm still spraying it.
Why are you on a phabalyzer?
Oh.
I got a sand styled OP.
I want the red ball.
And after this.
All right, my open wide for chunky.
Let's sing that together now, shall we?
Okay.
Open wide for chunky.
All right.
That's very connected.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
That's long.
Yeah.
Use your lips.
Okay.
Don't sit up.
I said don't take.
Ready for some spit evil love.
Yeah.
You're not supposed to mean that.
Yeah.
I really saw it.
It's a basically guy now.
Don't I?
It's for the kill.
Yeah.
Well done.
Okay.
Take it away, boy.
Yeah.
Thanks.
What?
You're just gonna leave me here.
I'll be right back, here.
And find tipalaptoivaltoivaltoivaltoivaltoivaltoivaltoivaltoivalltoiv
Ninja Rites wants her family now.
That pipe smoker and unpsychopsize cute woman engaged in a fake-a-laden
I'm a cranky homo-hole
Not that I mind it but I'm way too old
I emphasize about being in bed
In a trist with peddlers my man friend
I'll just make up with gender and some day eat it
And then ask him to rate my pun
Oh there's no more again
Though I would not feel the most old
And I would not be ashamed
About a ginger and more gay union
Just fold and then stroke it away
Boy, baby, girl, you're not my type
Yeah, sounds like a nine-year-old kid
Hey!
Only a macho-melly guy
You don't know him!
That makes me lift my wig
If ginger was a lover of mine
I bury my boldest, fainty nose
Inside his imply rear end
No, I would not be a sport home
If I was not a closet of fame
That's why a ginger and more gay union
Would make me feel dizzy and gay
Everybody follow my thousand balls
Yeah, ginger and more gay union
Would make my swirl-boney ass feel safe
If we had a ginger and more gay union
Then he wouldn't have to get me raped
Welcome back to the glittering pageantry of the mohawada babydashol
We have a full ducket today
Including a cavalcade of our articulate athlete of yours
You know that type smoker still at it
Why?
What? What singing those songs? They can funnami
They make funnami all the time
I don't know why they don't adore me
Everything will be alright moh
Did you hear me a fairy?
You queer, you tomb-chumper
Real man don't touch only during the game
Yes master
They want singing, I'll give them singing
Get on a piano, I'm a dare
Ok moh
Now, hit it
Back in my day men were straight
The end day is up today
That's why I can't tolerate
Disgustlin gaze
Spoils were in game back then
I'm a dare
I'm a dare
I'm a dare
I'm a dare
Stop it you moron! What's the matter moh?
My wink fell off again
Ok, alright where were we?
Spoils were in game back then
I'll take it from here
The guys that like to worship men
Good thing we will see more in your way than the matter moh
Yeah
Didn't mean to soothbrush day to this
Or to tickle hairy taint
Jesus Christ I really hate
Disgustlin gaze
Gelvy
Gelvy talking on a sports show
Trying to be my show
Your voice sounds just like a sad then year old girl
A little sports host show
What else are you there for?
Gelvy talking like a baby
Who needs a little training?
Why can't you understand?
You don't sound like a man
Remove the rubber bands
That choke
Your scroll comes guilty
Gelvy
Gelvy
Gelvy
Your lucky management don't care
Cause Gelvy
You don't belong there on the air
And healthy
The sports can't wait till your voice cracks
Cause anyone who sounds like that should find another job
And they should only take you back when both your babies drop
Gelvy
Gelvy
When you're gonna grow up
You think I want to throw up?
You feel a squeaky boom
Go to broadcasting school
Your free Q-Bass and boys
Make you sound like a hunts
Your hunts
Your hunts
Your hunts
Cross 265-60 WQM happy Wednesday to you
Fighting continues in parts of Baghdad
But that's like right around Burger King I guess
Why don't you know they want to offer?
How many times you heard about an opportunity you didn't act you didn't grab it and you missed out right now is one of those times
Grab it reach for it
Really does an opportunity interrupt you but this one really ought to
Interest rates have gone down even lower than they were before financial group was offering you an interest rate of 3.45
Then they lowered it to 2.95% now
Rates have gone even lower
2.45% financing with financial group
Let me say it again
2.45%
Call financial group to a free 1-80940 lend
How long would these interest rates last probably not very long?
It's a window of opportunity so jump right through it with financial group and get you an incredible low rate of just 2.45%
And save thousands and thousands of dollars
Call financial group today 1-80940 lend
What will 2.45% financing due to those monthly payments you probably be wondering? Here's the answer
A $200,000 loan cost you only $786 bucks a month
A $100,000 loan you pay just $393 bucks a month
Do it now call financial group to free 1-80940 lend
1-80940 LED
Equal housing lender
Credit restrictions do apply and rates are subject to change without notice 5.34 APR
I'm on my end now
This is 4.25 City
You way up
O-R-O-N
And so we got yet another installment of this spectacular mobile how are the David and his show?
We got J.Feedler coming up as a very spatial guest in it
And after that we got another very special guest coming up tomorrow that will be J.Feedler
What are you doing now?
Now what are you doing?
Now!
I'm clippin' my nose here. What's it to you?
You just can't do a morning show and cut your nose here!
You really are gonna do about it huh? It's my show. I'll do what I want.
Now! Just like I was telling that Shremen tank they called a reed.
That's not nice.
Ready a me not nice. You see the size of that broad? Talk about jumpable.
Somebody wants to paint yes or no on a wrist.
The hell does she know about promotions anyway huh?
The only thing she's good for is keeping the farmers happy.
Why don't you think she can eat it and tie her hair?
Uh oh! She's back in it now!
Yeah, I can smell the brinsemactive of the belly.
You have to go in the air and say those nasty things about me.
How dare you come into my place of business! Don't you know we'll live?
Like I'll go with theatre.
I've had enough! You pompous old dead rat hair paste wearing fossilized metal musil filled motherless...
I'll see here fat hole. You're fired!
Hey!
Where are you fast enough to come, hippie?
I'm gonna come sit on your foot.
Don't put on his face! You're gonna crush him!
And between my buns. I'm getting out of here.
I can breathe!
Get me out!
Yeah, I'm gonna get your blast of pressure!
And hell does!
Oh, ho, ho, ho!
Oh, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho!
Yeah. We'll make a more college on that team.
So, go ahead and put the 500 of the fat.
Mo, Mo! What's up, Gon?
And?
And?
So, with your fuckeys!
Oh, ho, ho, ho!
Ah, welcome back to the mallah for you with your, uh, Mo, how many days have you been to show?
Did you have?
Yeah. Now listen, you, I got my great great grand daughter listen today.
So, let's keep things above boarded, see?
Not like that goddamn friccantone in ginger!
Okay!
Wait, look at that!
What a fat!
Where are you?
I'm gonna pull him call you moron!
Now shut up, while I think it's very important call.
Hello?
Hi, Marge, it's supposed to say WQIM or something like that?
Yeah, yeah, forget about it. What do you want?
Is it true? You bet against Miami?
I don't know what you're talking about.
You bet against Miami?
Yeah, I didn't bet against Miami.
Bet against Miami?
You got some noise, pal!
Question it in my integrity, get it?
Bet against Miami?
How dare you! I didn't bet against nobody!
I bastard!
Bet against Miami?
By the way, something, did you bet against Miami?
Bet against Miami?
Now look, I talk to you, what an asshole!
Hey, that guy, an asshole!
Who?
That guy there!
Why don't you say he's an asshole?
I can't say words like that.
Why not?
That's not nice.
Well, are you some kind of pussy?
No, I just...
Did you say you're good tap dancing again?
I'm not dancing.
Yeah, I got a dance for you.
You ever hear of you, benghi-stomp?
No.
Well, I'd down on the floor and I'll show you.
Okay.
It's uncomfortable.
Yeah.
You see the bottom of my shoe?
Yeah, but...
Damn!
Damn!
That's the you benghi-stomp!
Damn!
Damn!
Damn!
Damn!
Damn!
We got... not an auction coming up.
Oh boy!
That's why we auction off an item of great value.
You're slashing me, mo.
Oh yeah.
They're holding this way.
Okay.
Now, we got the auction these items off for a very, very good, good cause.
Reach for the sky.
What's that mean?
It means stupid.
If they don't give up a goat, we take it anyway, see?
Oh, like reach for the sky!
You're running or you're wigg.
What's the matter, mo?
I'm thinking.
Just a joke, mo.
A joke, huh?
Yeah, I got a joke for you.
Now that's funny.
Now, uh, why do we got auction off this diet?
Why not auction off your pee bed?
Say, that's not a bad idea.
I need to know when anyway.
Yeah, please.
But please let me tell my minions in paradise about the luxurious of a glades hotel and its magnificent spa.
That's where my close place, little man, friend Jake Feedler and I go quite often.
He's nothing like two men in a spa.
Line there naked with just a doubt.
Steady moisture, aeroyt and your balls.
J-Sort hands.
Get me caressing my butt, ux.
Then grasp it on your holiday clothes, eh?
You can't carry the way, mo.
You're spright, mommy.
Stop it.
You are professional smook.
How dare you interrupt the spot?
Would you splash in me again?
How did you splash, kid?
No!
You were splashing me with your disparic escape.
You wanna see?
The bill put them in my pants, queen.
That, it smells like fox in a sketch.
That's time you gotta brand new pants.
Go, go, go, go, go.
That's a no.
That, that, that, that, that makes me feel good.
Like an old cock-ass chute.
It even feels nice.
Like when I melt the hot wax in my eyes.
This old one here is thanks.
So I gotta get a brand new pick.
There.
You just splash me.
It stinks.
I'm so excited.
I'm coming.
Gee, thanks for being nice to me today, mo.
Don't mention it, Goldie.
You're not gonna get raped again today, I am old.
Nah, you know why.
Why is that, no?
Cause rape's not funny.
But I ain't gonna be a mean man no more.
If they think that's funny, it's fine by me.
Wow, you really changed your way.
Ah, forget about it.
I'm turning over all new fig newtons leaf.
You have a nice day and power, nice mic, ugly friend.
Hey, mo!
Look out for that truck!
Look out, look out, look out!
Mo look like a shapeless pile of gold.
You, you, you.
To show my respect, I stole the shoe.
I wasn't even pulled before that bastard.
Who stood my shoes?
I don't wanna say I'm glad.
Outside of being a nasty old schmuck, he wasn't bad.
It's a machia.
Oh, how is David's dad?
Oh, how is David's dad's blood is wingless?
Oh, how is David's dad?
Blood is wingless?
Oh, how is David's dad?
Blood is wingless?
Oh, how is David's dad?
22 to 1 to 5, 60 got the mad dog from the master's from Augusta, from Outtawood somewhere.
One o'clock, three o'clock, he got the Hank Goldberg show in studio.
Six thirty, Marlins on a Dreck.
Marlins host the Met 705, any interest?
No.
Any came after the game from G.A. Joe and Marco were not to show you how much.
Oh, look at that George past the Marlins.
We got a battle going on here.
Neoranges.com we asked today, which of these sends you diving to the dial and change the station's fastest?
George's voice, 112.
Marlins baseball, 108.
Religion talk 93.
Mohawar David's voice 76.
Golf talk 57.
Race track talk 50.
Yeldy's voice 28.
Hockey talk 20, word talk 19.
And talk about Mohawar, which we're doing this hour.
It's still stuck there on only 8.
They love it.
So when he says he's the only topic conversation we say.
All right.
Thank you.
Something we can thank him for.
And don't ever stick your head in the door again, by the way.
I noticed Carlos just got the schedules for next week.
His name is on there.
Was that the schedule in that part you had?
Yes.
Doesn't have Mohawar down there.
21 till 1.
I have 560 W.
You're right.
Wow.
I wonder what that means.
Uh oh.
Wow.
You know, I picked the bad date of quitsnith and glued.
Anyway, speaking of a sniff in it.
If you want to lose some weight, if you're trying to be in a big fat tub
like so many of us have been for years.
Like my good friend Julio, engineering.
Lost 25 pounds.
Like the beast who used to be good friend of ours.
Good little Brian London.
Used to be a friend of ours till he started doing it with Donna Shalela.
Concording that is.
They're concerning.
Anyway, he lost 60 pounds in balance for life.
He can do the same thing.
It's the delicious, the easy way to lose the weight because number one.
They supply all the food for it to keep you full.
And number two, you don't have to count any calories or carbohydrates
or figure out any convoluted formula.
And number three, there are no dangerous pills or drugs to take.
They bring your little black sack every morning by 6 in the am right to wherever you want.
To your house.
To your work, to your neighbors wherever you're going to be.
And in your little black sack is all the food you need for the entire day.
You just choose between two alternatives for each meal every day.
You're on a program.
That's the only tough choice you'll have to make.
In your sack, three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, all fresh and delicious goodies.
Chicken dishes and beef and egg dishes, all kinds of great stuff.
And the wages pours off your body.
Simple as can be.
And like I said, plenty of food need to keep you full all day long.
You won't have to worry about shopping and about snacking in between
because they give you lots and lots of good stuff to eat.
So lose the weight now once and for all, stay to hell alive and look a lot better too.
Call balance for life because it really works.
Call 954-568-3229.
954-568-3229.
Or check them out at WickedWorldWideWeb if you like it.
BalanceForLife.com.
Ride and local!
You're sports video 560-Q-A-M!
You A-M!
Chamberlain, rate me.
Forget about it.
That's what I say.
As that for a funny show idea.
If I may borrow a phrase from the great model Alan.
Hello, Dare.
Everybody in Paradise Land.
I'm Howard Davided.
I hope you'll join me each and every Friday for my forget about it, Joe.
That's when I opened the phone lines to all three of my regular low-income callers
and led them ventured on what the bother and death.
I was up all night dreaming this one up.
At first I thought I'd go in with hand puppets like Sandy Becker.
Or maybe a fold to a vocal whisper quake.
But management and I agree.
This will be a real showstopper.
Now I run a family type show here.
So I don't want no references to fixed jigger bowls or baggage gizlas.
Other than that, I promise you a hilarious cacophony, a high jigsaw.
And open conversation.
Forget about it Friday.
That goes for listening to 560 WQAM.
Fat bad.
I'm honoured and grateful that you would see me today.
Tell me, my most valued friend.
For what reason do you bother me today?
I want a session of it on my own.
And what has he done to reserve such a fate?
He's a mean man.
A very mean man.
He wants to be mobilized.
You're saying us too, but I will have a safe and tolerant doe!
Thank you guys, Polar!
Twoda Dwydy Dolly,
DdodOY.
D Goddodoy is sports.
Ddodoy.
Wait, wait, wait, wait a second, it's ya dada dada dada...
Okay, But Bind overpised!
Guys this time to be seen crying.
What do you hack it? Yeah, but you thought I was dead didn't you?
No, not at your mention it. Hey man, I'm not talking. My 20 gonna be here.
I'm gonna be at it. I'm not mo.
What do you mean you're not mo? I'm just filling in today. I'm boke of Brian.
Oh, the Brian. I must have got confused this year. He's naked. It looks like a noisker.
Yeah, it does, doesn't it? So where's more?
Well he knows Geldie put a contract out on him so he's siding out at Scougans.
Scougans, huh? Yeah, and he's using Clarence for a human shield.
I know that's going. Come on, let's go. I gotta down the door for the god's help.
Okay, let's go.
My mascot is full. Would you like another kid to coffee?
Yes.
I know.
Well, you know Clarence, what do you say we blow this pot stand for a little sport hold
spooge into the do you? Oh, I really should be getting back.
Sports? Oh, don't say it like that. You know, I guess sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Night-to-one. Sports.
Sports. No women. Just men.
Boys. Damn. Give my half a little bit.
Ha ha. I got hit. The jigs up all.
They hurt it. Yeah, what about it?
Uh, and you're sure we can save jigs?
Pick up them pink chickens. Hey, everybody.
This way, show me.
Come on, get up.
I'm not here.
I'm not here.
God, I'm like, just want to see you having fun, though.
Tell me why you little say.
What are you doing outweighin' five and chills?
Well, my wife likes it so much.
I always press like this now.
She.
Oh, oh, oh.
You like it you're better than me.
Sports.
Huh.
It's a toy.
It's a toy.
It's a toy.
It's a toy.
And I'll tell somewhere in Hell in the Bell.
It's El Michael's.
Yep.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
CRAP CRAP K has caught me...
My!
He was shot up, stupidly.
I remember you put those nylons on Joe's name?
Oh yeah sure.
It was at the park, Sheridan.
You want to know what it is?
That was quite a twist we had that night.
Yeah, so how's Paradise?
Well, our day there still on 560 WQA.
Hi, welcome back to another fine installment of the Malafoosius Mohameda David Show.
We can take your emails now.
It was like a ticket to Spachgok at a computer.
So click there mo, click there.
Yes, shut your mouth, I'm computing over here.
I'll email them until I figure this thing out.
You know, none of this would have been necessary if they didn't wedge me in between two non-sports.
Mr. Shows.
What's wrong with this piece of crap?
They got a call over here mo.
Yeah, what?
Why can't you access your email?
I don't know, click this, I click that, I put the thing in the thing.
No, why isn't it coming to me to show you guys how to perform tasks in the company?
That won't speak that way.
Every day you don't know how my life is falling apart.
Hey, pal, when I said wedge, I didn't mean the sandwich.
Wow!
So she went anywhere associated with the pipe smoker.
Hey, look, look, look, we got an email.
You suck, brink back, brink and southern desert.
Who's brink and southern desert?
And there are only those guys, there are more anybody needs.
Wait, brink, it's another one.
This one says a mo blows, brink back, brink and southern desert.
Damn it.
What happened?
It crashed, no.
Damn it, man.
Damn it, man.
Get past it.
Stop it, man.
Stop it, stop it, fast.
Stop it, man.
I heard you have a computer, Greek, so I thought...
Hey, you're not a felcant, aren't you?
Sure.
I don't need your help.
Get out of here, you bum.
Okay, dude.
You know what, me to help you with the computer?
Guess that means I got a rapier.
That chance of punk-like you.
Boom, boom, boom.
Mom, dude.
That was on my private side.
Dude, you got a bonus.
Boom, boom, boom.
Boom, boom, boom.
Where the hell is this lady standing?
Okay, damn it.
Boom, boom, boom.
Dude, yo, yo, yo.
You're gonna rape Mo!
Damn it.
Damn it.
What?
I hear you get some great emails.
1251 and 562 WQM.
They're celebrating in Dearborn Michigan, baby.
For the Arab community, they're dancing in the streets.
They're waving their flag, they're jumping around.
They're gonna look at us kids with their drums and bag, Dad, huh?
Look at that.
These little tiny selective slices of life,
it's a beautiful thing, man.
Let's play the national anthem and wave it proudly.
Okay, the flag too.
Now, tell you something.
If your carpets look like they need intensive care,
like they're really in bad shape, don't spend a lot of money
because you're wasting it by a new carpeting.
Cost you a fortune.
Do the smart thing.
Make one easy call to my good pizons at dry concepts.
And you'll thank me for turning you on to them.
If you haven't called them yet, what can you be waiting for?
I've been using it in my house and talking about these people
on the air for over 20 long, amazing years.
And they're still doing it right.
They're still the best people in the world that make an old,
nasty looking carpeting or even recent carpeting that's schmutzzy.
Look just like brand new.
When it get done, your carpets, like I said, look brand new.
They smell them in the first, they're drying it a couple hours,
and you'll be amazed at how great they look.
They also do a stupendous job of cleaning your drapes,
expensive area rugs, all your good stuff.
And those are all your own flying carpets too,
for your next trip to Baghdad.
If you have problems with pet orders, milder voters,
caused by water damage, they'll make those go away too.
And don't forget, when you call dry concepts,
you don't have to worry about any scams
because they don't play that game.
No rip offs, no per room craft.
They give you a written guaranteed price
before they start doing their amazing job
of dry cleaning those carpeting and void it into a super job.
Call them toll free from anywhere.
You'll never think about calling anybody else again.
1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071,
or log onto their website and give more information
at dryconcepts.com.
Don't forget, when you do business with dry concepts,
you're clean today, you can entertain tonight.
My life and love.
This is 4356.
You're way too, yeah.
Did you see our ratings for the last book?
Yeah, I know it's for a time.
Sure, it could be absolutely the best.
Watch your back, the back.
Where you won't wait for no more, no more, no more, no more, no more.
Where you won't wait for no more, no more.
I got enough, I got to think about on top of getting right there.
And I don't need a rating at a minus eight.
Don't care what you do long as a thunderstruck
You gotta wake a little hotter on the desk, you love.
A ruse it guts to go.
There's a lot of fat producers, you know.
That's right, watch your back.
Where you won't wait for no more, no more, no more, no more, no more.
But you'll back that.
Where you won't wait for no more.
Oh, brother, all that blah, blah, I don't understand.
You can eat from a trough while using both damnit.
That big, that much you made a rating small.
You just tight-clicked and it's all yours.
And a straight dip fat ass out.
Well, we'll take the food out of your mouth.
That's right, watch your back.
That's where you won't wait for no more, no more, no more, no more, no more.
That's where you won't wait for no more.
Is it what we say?
Where you won't wait for no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more.
Where you'll back that.
Where you won't wait for no more.
Oh, who are you?
You're lucky, you got a job here.
I know one more time in your life.
Where you gonna get a job?
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dom a people kill
With the gas that we sold him.
First time aggressor nation and the only one that's growing.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea and the notes they're talking about.
We're right, we just drilling it over and over and to our head.
That iraq has some weapons of master's traction.
3,000 people killed.
I'm now forgotten, let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be cut.
It's going after Saddam too.
Plankato Sama.
There's no longer mention of the name in lawtons.
But no one seemed concerned all.
Come, be and come.
Placents believe in every word of this cartel administration
That control the spine fear through media manipulation and the right wing
Is drilling it over and over and to our heads.
That iraq has some weapons of master's traction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the ash crop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Table talkers all are saying.
Blind obedient cattle don't have any reservations.
Out of provoked battle and world annihilation.
Old regimes must fall in however it's installed.
With no objection at all.
Then the crap don't have the fault and the right wing.
Is drilling it over and over and to our brainwash pants.
I rack has some weapons of master's traction.
Only I rack has some weapons of master's traction.
Bye bye bye!
Then you'll watch your show on 516-12-A-N
My name is for my name.
I want to bang you in the butt, honey.
This is better than sex.
