There was a guy in the bathroom taking a big keister.
And he, the place smelled like a hell on earth.
It was skipping. It was like the coral springs.
It was skipping.
It was a steepest full of crap.
Now listen, Neil, I have to-
By the way, a beast is full of crap too.
You're on a way out.
Yeah, you're on a way out.
I asked him ten times, Neil.
The guy in the toilet, if he heard your show yesterday.
I thought your show yesterday was so funny that I had to pull over and coral springs
and eat hamburgers a-roise.
You know, there's really sweet irony here because I remember back in June and I said to
you, I said the beast is an impediment to your show.
It was an unprofessional, he's garbage, and he's idiot.
But, you know, I mean, I was just thinking, I did a throw in my show and he was like, I'm
going to tell me how to do my show.
I'm going to write a beast.
You're always writing the answer.
No, it's only the fourth of September already you want to dump his fan ass out of there.
You're right about everything in the end in the beginning.
I'm just a smart ass, but in the end, the wisdom shows through that you're right.
And I told people on the air, I'm going to go like a little heads up and give you
a little warning signal here.
You're right about that.
You're right about that.
What I do, man.
George is a no-killer.
George has been warning me too about the beastly people.
Anyway, I think that Scott Jr. fit in perfect on your show.
Scott and Scott Jr., it's a great criminal.
I love that I'm trying to dump him out of here, but he just, he's not into this show at
all.
He hates it.
He loves your show, dude.
Dildo Lips isn't doing my show.
He drives you nuts.
He loves your show.
He drives you.
The only problem being that, you know, if that happened, then they would try to dump the
beast off on this show.
I think we just ought to keep the beast around building the service clearance and the
eat.
That would be good.
Give all of us people.
This is your favorite thing I do.
He would get on this.
He'd be like, duh, because that would kind of a job with no particular significant.
In other words, no real responsibility, just some kind of a title and just hang out
and serve it to him.
Make his salary, too.
Hey, I'm going to the, Neil, I'm going to the baseball game today.
I'm going to the baseball game today, Neil.
Let me ask you a question.
By the way, 11,135 Mr. Marlon.
Let me ask you this.
You've peeled off on the hysterical enthusiasm and trying to hype everything up because
now you're finally also not only catching on the beast as a pile of crap, but also the
fact that nobody in South Florida really cares about baseball.
Can I ask you about, but you like baseball a little bit, don't you?
Not anymore.
But do you think I used to be a gigantic fan?
Do you think, uh, J. Madman?
I think I'm a pirate's fan.
Do you think that Jim Edmonds is, I'm a Yankee Empire's fan, too?
Yes, if you got the hots for Jim Edmonds, I think he's ugly.
I just think he's just a great baseball player.
Do you know Murphy?
I'll tell you that.
Can you tell me what T.D.
Play for Jim.
Do you need to tell me what T.D.
Play for before he played for the Cardinals?
Jim Edmonds?
Yes.
He has with the angels, but there was something in between.
Was it what he was saying?
He was saying that he knew, he sounded like he knew it right away, but he had to think
he could do it better.
Have you been able to do the best sports show on the station, Neil?
If he wasn't, Neil could do the best.
I know my sports, are you kidding me?
Hey, you know what they said today about the GM of Panther said that he's actually really
excited about the play and the development of Thai Bulli and the fourth player in team history
to reach the 300-goal mark.
For anyone who may require background information or further details on the NHL Challenge 2000.
We'll just put the least TV on the rest of the day.
What are you saying?
I'm trying again to give you a little help.
I know.
There's nothing quite like the overrated Toronto Maple Leafs every year.
They're going to win the Stanley Cup.
They're going to suck this year, man.
It's a 67-day-even come close.
Right.
But at least I saw Forrest Stanley Cup's baby.
The best series I saw was that Toronto Islander series, two years back.
They went to each other's teeth.
That was a great series.
That was a great one.
That was a great one.
I went to all the ones that I had to buy him the food.
I decided not to go to a normal game.
Tell them, I'm talking before my favorite places.
What is the guy's name?
Forrest Stanley Cup's name?
The boss of Hugh Adelaide.
Yeah, the boss of Hugh Adelaide.
The boss of Hugh Adelaide.
The boss of Hugh Adelaide.
The mayor of the air candidate.
Hey, what did you think of that?
If you're going to steal Gellie's job into the Panther Games, you better start learning a little about hockey.
I got to take this call real quick.
Listen to me.
I'll get right back to you.
I'm still on the air.
The thing I'm going to ask you about.
You think Shaco and Nio should be up.
You don't care about Shaco and Nio.
You don't care about Shaco and Nio.
You don't care about Shaco and Nio.
You think he's going to run chair lifts up and down his arms.
I don't really give a crap about it.
I don't care about it.
I don't care about it.
I think 11,135 is pretty damn embarrassing.
So you get it.
The NFL starts tonight.
I checked it out.
There was no rain last night.
There was no inclement weather.
There was no hurricane.
There was no tornado.
There was no tornado.
11,135 for a team that's tied with Philadelphia for the wild card right now.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
Josh Beckett threw a shutout against 11.
I think all the Marlon home games should start like 11.
He gets off at 2 but he doesn't do a single thing in the 1 o'clock hour.
He's done he's eaten the sandwich up in Toronto with his favorite cafe.
What are you talking about? That's only on Wednesday now.
You better start catching up with what's going on.
I am a love of touch.
I am a love of touch.
I listen to you today.
I'm so pretty.
I'm touched with what's going on.
What did you do with the other way?
You say Hank's got another tough assignment in the Bahamas at the Crystal Palace.
What kind of a spin is he got going?
I just came back from Vegas.
He comes into the studio for one day, one or two days.
He doesn't show the stratosphere.
I want people to use you to a poll.
Who's got it better?
Hammer or Neal?
Or Mad Dog?
Or Howard?
Mad Dog.
I don't like he went to Michigan.
No but seriously, Mad Dog is on like maybe one or two days a week in the middle of the vlog.
His area of time to heal hours.
He learned from me.
Manage is a four minute hour.
He does four minutes on air the rest is commercials.
Right.
I mean he's got a good, that guy barely works.
I think you think I got a good at the time.
Who's got the best to softest deal on the station?
I'll have to work two hours.
That's a little big of a deal.
It's a little big of a deal.
Well the Miami Herald interviewed me yesterday back there in the end of the year.
I think it's about a month.
The question was, should I take Mo's job?
And will they buy Mo's out?
And do I think Mo's sucks?
And I said yes to all of those questions.
And I said that they need to come up with a real creative way to pay me a ton of money.
But just about 20% less than Neal because Neal is still God and I'm Satan.
So I'm hoping to turn that into a...
Now they said that I should come up and look at their mansions and naples.
Yeah but they did.
And their banjo is too man maybe the only one of their banjos to pick on.
Did you not have a bunch of banjo?
They've been there pull questions today.
Which are the beastlies picking the other noses or their banjo?
Hey did you not have a bunch of people working here illegally?
I'm sure they do.
Yeah they should.
They might have a great day on that note.
Yeah see ya.
Well what's up with you God from a Sporkel?
They look like butlers in a gay hotel.
Tonight it's cops in Pennsylvania Dutch country.
I'm a cop, I'm a cop.
What you gonna do?
What you gonna do when the carriage comes for you?
Hello there Jebediah.
Hello Officer Hezakair.
Say what brings you up to my home all of a sudden?
Well we got us some reports of some fussing and infutin' in these airports.
Ah yes Hezakair.
I'm ashamed to admit that my wife Sarah exposed to me.
She's part of our ankle.
Why that no good hussy?
Yeah I'm got me a good mind to put her in the starts and give her 40 lashes.
Well that would be a good idea but then there wouldn't be anyone to milk the cow.
Yep women.
There the reason we're all going to hill.
Yep.
Well I gotta get back to plowin' the fields.
Okay then I guess I'll be getting back to the barn Rezakair.
I'm a cop, I'm a cop.
What you gonna do?
What you gonna do when they shackle you?
That's tonight on cops in Pennsylvania that's country.
Motorist kills Amish tomato tosser.
Oh!
That's the reason I played that.
Mount Hope, Ohio.
It's an annual prank.
Now that's another good question for a poll.
Who are the most stone-aged people in America?
The Amish or the Orthodox Jews?
Hmm.
Are there any other groups?
I think it's tough to top them in it.
Right?
What you gonna do?
It's an annual prank in this tranquil Amish community, Mount Hope, Ohio, where men wear straw hats and women bonnets and plane dresses, youngsters hide in corn fields and hurl tomatoes of passing cars.
This year the mischief turned deadly.
A motorist who had been pelting several times on Labor Day got out of his car and fired three to five rounds into the seven foot high corn killing 23 year old Stephen L. Kaim.
He's dead.
No rest has been made yet.
Residents are reeling from shock, unable to understand why anybody would retaliate so violently.
Authorities say the country hadn't the county rather hadn't seen a firearm related homicide about three decades.
The prank has gone on for years and years said Marty Yoder who owns Marty Shoes in this town about 60 miles south of Cleveland.
All over the country it's been happening every year.
Yoder is, and George didn't even, wasn't aware of this.
Yoder is one of the most common Amish names.
You didn't know that?
No, I didn't.
Big Indiana name, Yoder.
Kinda like Yahoo.
The shooting occurred, the Yoddy Yoddy Yoddy in just north of my hope in Holmes County where the clip of horses pulling Amish Buggies is just as common as the sound of passing automobiles.
Kaim, 23 an apple creek resident of Amish heritage died of multiple wounds to the chest.
Holmes County coroner Robert Anthony said.
Or is that amphorny?
Kaim was with about ten other members of the Amish community ages 15 to 23.
The group told the sheriff's office they've been throwing tomatoes and firing paintball guns at passing vehicles.
According to the sheriff's department, the driver of a Lincoln or Cadillac stopped out at Duke, and knew whatever it would have been.
Got out and threatened to shoot whoever threw the tomatoes Monday night.
The vehicle turned around and drove past the cornfield again.
The car was thrown for tomatoes the second time.
About 25 minutes later, the vehicle passed two more times.
On a third pass, the drivers stopped, challenged the group to throw more tomatoes.
Then fired a shotgun to the cornfield and bought a bin.
That was that.
And you like that?
Kaim was born into an Amish family, but his family left the Amish church and became menonites, said Yoder.
Now what's the menonites all about?
Coming after the break.
Okay.
Because you're an expert on that cracker.
Well, we're so far behind now, but it's good that we spent a lot of time for all ripping the beast because the beast is out.
He's handed.
He's unprofessional.
That's the loot.
That's what I'm here.
10-13 already at 5-60 WKM.
We got that big Marlin and pirate game.
Any interest in that?
No.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
We got that.
That's Train.
For me.
For me.
For me.
For me.
For you.
לעangero
Howard David's a bit.
Therefore I house my staff truck trombonees a lot during the title.
Yes, I am.
Stop it, 50 friends!
When they roll into town they are a sight to see.
Those five well dressed came in a big SUV.
Francing and gigging laying on my TV.
Those where I have all the straight guys are more like five women to me.
Yes.
They care of your bedroom and throw out your clothes.
Wax your eyebrows, put the hair from your nose.
They do that they just put the face in to pee.
Cause those queer eyes for the straight guys are more like five women to me.
Oh!
Ha ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha!
More than even your wife.
By the time that they leave you you're thinking their way.
It's no longer a bit spread, it's now a duvet.
And you find yourself shopping for fresh poultry.
Oh right!
Those queer eyes for the straight guys are more like five women to me.
It's okay.
Everyone wet the bed now and then look at that.
It's nice here to stay but I don't know.
Would it fair in town please send cousin and his friends to me?
Can 18 don't forget our hate screaming fangots.
They make me sick to make me want to puke.
They make me want to eradicate them from the face of the globe.
Not that mean just gently, you know.
The poll from yesterday, which of these would be the most humiliating?
1133 votes, that's not too shabby considering how many people in town?
About third man!
According a bunch of times.
Most embarrassing humiliating would be to poop your pants in public, not even close.
390 said that.
Some of us have done it.
How many times you know that George?
About third man!
Just today.
No seriously, how many times you've done that?
No, no, I'm sorry.
You've never pooped your pants.
No, no.
Oh my god, this is great!
It's never too late to try something new.
No, I can't wait for my first time.
Oh, that'll be great, especially if it's like right there in a building.
Sure.
I'm taking steps to make sure that that happens here.
Yeah, if you made it like about a half way to the tea room, and like right there in a hallway.
Right, right by the dough.
Right?
I'm eating prunes as we speak.
Would be exciting.
And maybe some of that good real fatty bacon in order to do with the grease that just dripping all over the place that would be.
What do you think I'm wrapping around the prunes?
I got a line for that, but we need the job.
To poop your pants in public 390 to be discovered as a pedophile 240, to be a straight guy caught having sex with another guy 146.
In other words, to be a straight guy with a queer brown eye, something like that 146.
To pick up what turns out to be a female 124.
See, that would be embarrassing to me, because I guess most females have like much larger penises than some of us.
Okay.
Do you know what I'm saying?
No.
Oh, then some of you.
Some of us.
People, men, yes.
To fart during sex 71 to have a very premature ejaculation, court, 60.
In other words, before she even enters the room, it's probably another ability to fart on an elevator 53 to pop a big Woody in public 26 and be discovered as a cross dress.
Now, what is that?
What is that under?
Boying.
I don't know if you have it at the, I think I don't think I got no boring.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I do like that.
I'm definitely going to get a smarty pants on.
I'm not.
I bet you we can do that for four hours and get bigger numbers than Moe, you know what?
Let's see, we discovered as a cross dresser, still in the last place with only 23 out of 1135 votes.
Here's the new poll.
Boy, I got a lot of stuff here today, we're only got to one o'clock and almost is enough to make us want to say, hey, let's forget the ballgame and just stay there too.
But no.
No.
No.
We can't do that.
Oh, here's going to be a real quick call in Hylia. Hylia, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I love the show.
Listen, I'm in the gym.
I'm in the gym.
I'm sorry?
This is a real call in Hylia.
Yeah, man.
I've tried many times, but sometimes I just can't hold on.
I'm working.
I strap myself in.
I can't get over this.
Listen to this one.
I'm in the gym.
I knew that I had a small hole in my pants, but I didn't realize how, I think the length of the hole was.
Yeah.
I'm in the front of my pants.
Now, I tend not to wear underwear.
I don't know.
Why not?
Why not?
I just don't like it.
Okay.
It's warm, et cetera.
Like you hot and moist.
Bottom line is that they're doing shoulder presses.
Yeah.
And there's a woman sitting right in front of me on another machine and she's looking at me.
Turns out when I finished my set, I looked down and the hole, tipped, popped out of the hole.
The hole in the house.
The mouse got out of the house.
The mouse got out of the house.
What you do?
You're not that evil, don't look at the mouse.
She ran and told the front desk.
What other back desk?
Yeah.
She's on a ugly bitch anyway.
Well, there you go.
Bottom line.
I hate when stuff like that happens.
Anyway, she'll love you.
Have a great one.
To stay out of that gym, people start talking, man.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm just saying the gym.
You got me started on a pants stop.
Oh.
Man.
Oh, seriously, that's a very interesting thing.
Don't you know, thank you.
Yeah.
Fascinate.
I can't stop.
So anyway, that's here's today's poll.
Here's today's, let me do this first.
Because this just, I just printed this out.
I don't want to forget about it.
I've just got too much crap here.
All his story was, uh, maybe in fictitious, but it was kind of amusing.
From Reuters, it says, God, hormone could help treat obesity.
This is exciting.
For us, that the piece is a crap.
By the way, what do you think about the beast getting canned off of, uh,
that would be really embarrassing, you know, for who?
For him, he gets canned off of the mojo.
And of course, we all sided with the beast because we all hate mo like poison.
Absolutely.
We then come to find out that Scott's getting rated can his fat ass.
Because he realizes just what I told him that he'd done belong on the ear.
He's unprofessional.
And when he does that,
it's like bad high school radio with all apologies to KPX, okay?
Like really bad high school radio.
Why is he on there?
Probably that horrible mistake because I'm an old,
softy at heart last Thanksgiving.
Can you believe it's already like the 4th of September?
By the way, next Thursday is 9-11.
Uh, and it was last Thanksgiving we had the beast feeling, wasn't it?
Right?
Now, you gotta be honest with me.
That doesn't seem like a very long time ago.
No, it does not.
Just flew right by.
Wow.
We better start screwing our brains out because I'm going to tell you before you know,
we're all going to be in a pine box somewhere.
We better start doing everybody we can.
I'll be right back.
Right?
No, me first.
God, hormone could help feed obesity.
This is very important for all you fat people out there,
including me.
This is why I got so excited about this.
Even though skinny people like George and Scott Jr.
We'll say, ah, and Scott, uh, senior.
We'll say, we don't want to hear about all you fat people,
all you weaklings, all you, uh, cows.
A hormone produced by the intestines called,
oh, wait, my guy got something ready.
Called peptide.
Why?
Why?
Three thirty six also known as P.
Why?
Why?
Could help obese people lose weight and the research suggests.
Seroths is called P.Y.
Why?
That's P.
Why?
Why?
This is the first time that a hormone has been shown to cause a long term reduction in
calorie intake and obese volunteers lead author Dr. Rachel Batterham from Imperial College
and London said in the statement.
We now need to do studies over a longer, but you know, we don't have time for your studies.
Okay, just give us the crap to see whether the decrease in appetite and food intake
translates into weight loss.
Well, see, does it take a whole big study and a rocket scientist to figure out that if you have a decrease in appetite and a decrease in food intake,
you're probably going to lose some weight, uh, so, right?
Right?
I mean, why?
Are they wasting all this time?
Just give us the stuff.
P.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y
The new findings are reported in the New England Journal of Medicine, based on the study of 12 fat and 12 lean subjects who were treated with injections of P.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y
And I can't stand it. And in addition, the lower the P.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y.Y
The treatment was tied to a dramatic drop in the 24-hour calorie intake in both groups.
You ready for that? So let's get some pee.
Why? Why?
It's good to me.
It makes me want to get some, you know? I'm sick and tired of all this crap, but well,
now we're going to experiment for like 20 years and maybe you'll be able to get
to take injections and it'll be just probably with my luck when they're ready to put me
in the fine box, you know? I want it now.
I want it now when it can make me slim and look just like a marquee mark.
Don't they have a different like food and drug administration in Canada that
does things faster than ours?
Right.
Oh, yeah, but you don't want those tainted Canadian drugs.
You know, it's like the pharmaceutical companies are saying now they take them
from the same damn companies.
Just another license to oh, and by the way, thank you, Mr. President for those
low gas prices.
Remember that jackass kid that called a few months ago?
That bush liquor.
Oh, thank you, Mr. Bush for freeing the Iraqi people and thank you for those lower gas
prices.
Record highs, $1.75 premium on leather, the all-time high.
And now this asshole from this Arab asshole from the what is he from the VEA?
Whatever the hell the EPA.
No, he testified yesterday.
What's his name? Spencer Abraham.
Spencer Tracy.
Spencer Abraham.
He's an Arab, you know, from Michigan.
Okay.
And anyway, he says, well, it's because of the pipeline and a power black eye.
And then at the end of the year, the oil companies all have record profits
again.
And then raise this a little bit of suspicion.
I don't want to ask yourself why these things happen?
27 past 10 at 560 WQM.
I asked myself why I talked to Troy Stranford, old number 23 from the Fins.
This is a good guy, but he's in F.
But at any rate, he finally got a son.
No, he actually did not.
I don't know if this is going on now or not.
He just refuses to do his job.
He's the top track of sports.
Anyway, Brandy shoes celebrating their 25th year in business this year.
Any independent family shoes that's around that long and as successful as they are,
they got to be doing many, many things right to compete.
Nobody can compete with Brandy's.
First of all, selection, all the top names you love and know.
Rock ports, echoes, mefisto, Timberland Clarks, Floresha, M.S.S.,
all the big names in the shoe binnest.
And no matter how big or tiny your feet may be, they can fit you perfectly.
They got all the sizes, men 6 to 15, even Tom Wallenkin's slip it on.
And women's 5 to 12 and widths from the very narrow to the very big fat and wide.
And don't forget their professional sales staff will take some time with you
to make sure you get a perfect fit every time with over 40,000 pair
in that big fat 8,000 square foot megastore.
You can be damn sure.
You can get Scott Jr's life on it that exactly the size you're looking for
is ready to slap on your foot right now.
Brandy shoes can't beat him with a stick.
They're at 1290 North Federal Highway and Pompovnobitch open daily 9 to 9.
Every Sunday 10 to 5 and don't forget the end of the summer sales on it Brandy's right now.
30 to 50% off all famous brands, Rock ports, where Brandy's got more styles than any other store in town.
S.A.S., the biggest selection sound floor.
A new balance all sizes from narrow to wide in stock.
And Floresha, I'm with over 4,000 Floresha, I'm peer in stock.
Is that pair repairs?
But yes, it's pair the pairs are in the fruit section.
Brandy shoes and Pompovnobitch are great time to head in right now.
We're sports radio 560, QAM.
What's your fault?
You're the real hero for me!
Why?
I just can't stop.
Now that he's on the ticket here on her governor's all we hear.
And he's voted in.
There'll be a big change.
You're gonna feel the burn, you'll feel the pain.
The laundry plants, you pass in clue.
You want to pull you up like a balloon, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You're going in.
I feel it, California, then I hear you curse.
You won't be a missing universe.
Even kids will get their train in.
The lunch boxes will love me waiting.
Tell me, find a home for a movie star.
Means kids with a heavy bars.
I hope you're ready for a cup of fun.
There's sports league around here.
I didn't participate in the debate in California last night because he says he's not ready
to talk directly to the people of California yet.
He's not ready to talk.
And when he does participate in that one last big wild debate that he says he's gonna have the questions
up front ahead of time.
So somebody can write out some answers.
Practice, right?
For honor, let's write.
This thing you just facts me about Tom Cruise, I'm not buying it.
All right.
No, it's from a message board.
No, it's not.
It's gossip.
Whatever, right.
About Tom Cruise admitted on the ET.
I don't know if you think that if this was the case, it would be, and this is like another Catherine Harris job.
It looks like to me.
Right?
Right.
If this really would have taken place last night, then everybody be talking about this.
Sing here, had several affairs with other boys while he was in high school.
Well, I'm sure that's probably true, but regardless.
Well, the wait for confirmation on that.
When it's on the Miss Fudge website, then maybe.
Here's one that says, could you please upload your 9-11 show and when your station first reported the events of that day to the website,
you provided a tremendous service that nobody didn't.
And your honor, perspective has become part of our lives.
Well, that's good.
I appreciate that, but the first part is not true.
Our station was an embarrassment on 9-11.
Showed up.
And especially guilty, you know?
Killedy sitting in there.
What are we going to say about it?
What are they still talking about sports?
The World Trade Center towers are getting attacked with planes.
The Pentagon gets smashed into another plane.
And Killedy and the other goofballs on the worst team are sitting there.
Wow, what do you think?
I think the offense can go 17-0.
And I really like it when Killedy said, I like dick a lot.
Yeah, that was really important.
I had lots to do with anything.
15-20 minutes wet by before we started talking about it on the air.
No more than that.
What are you talking about at 9.45 in the AM?
9.45 AM, and thanks to Joe Costello, because Muff Lindsay was like, oh, what are we doing?
You know, we're going to say, it's Greg.
It's a fight.
It's a fight, Greg.
You know, as usual, Duff being, well, what, he is a weak sister.
You're a good guy, but a really weak sister, a limperist.
And he didn't have the balls to come in and say, get that crap off of there.
And let's go to the network right now, put something on and let the public know.
Let's do a service.
So we wouldn't want to have anything to do with letting you know what the embarrassment of what happened.
And on this radio station on 9.11 in 2001.
Sports, that's all they want to talk about.
Sports, sports.
They could be dropping nuclear weapons on a homestead right now on P-Rine, and they'd still be hacking.
Well, I think that all fits are going to crush those Houston Texans on, say, yeah, big deal.
Another little girl school.
You know, it's amazing to me, but you think it's just a coincidence that the hurricane started against the girl school on the same with the dolphin?
No.
I think they pay off the schedule makers, so they can win by like 6,000 points.
So I'm glad you brought that up because it's a real saw.
And thanks to Joe Castello, because he's the even I was nervous because I know a bunch of grave robbers these people are expressing Greg Reed and Scurran.
So even I was a little bit recalcitrant and saying, we really ought to dump the spots here because in the beginning we're still running commercial breaks.
I was doing live spots and we're sitting there watching on the TV, the horror of the damn towers crumbling and people running for their lives.
People getting slaughtered, massacred by a bunch of lunatics.
And we're saying, hey, if you'd like to take advantage of the sale of pennies, you know, whatever the hell it was.
By the way, there's a sale of pennies.
I love that.
That movie.
You know, as good as it is, and I know there are a lot of people like it, but it just doesn't get the kudos that it deserves.
No.
Why is that?
I guess most comedy movies, generally, it's like the Academy Awards.
They just very rarely get Oscars for comedies.
I don't know how to do it.
Because it's a bunch of old funny duties who are humorless who give the awards out.
No pun intended, but they don't take comedy seriously.
I see.
Well, I hate to tell you, but some of the great comics like Peter Sellers, right?
And not to mention, uh, Karim Abdul Javar, sure, and OJ, and OJ, and a great Canadian Leslie Nielsen.
Who's the most boring, big name celebrities are pulled today on NeilRodges.com.
Let's get the show on the road with this. We'll need some suggestions.
I do have a lot of cramp here, though. I want to, uh, don't let me forget.
Okay.
Like Rick Riley, I have a lot of cramp.
Well, he used to just say that. I actually have a pile of cramp.
Who is the most boring, big name celebrity?
And this, of course, is very good timing by yours, truly again, coming just before...
Did I mention yesterday I had this written out already?
Yes.
Just before the announcement that J-Lo and Ben Afflecker are finally and not getting that time.
They're tying it up.
Anybody here?
No.
Nobody gives a flying craft.
Their movies suck.
Her music is an embarrassment.
The only thing you can say between the two of them, they have one great ass.
Who is this?
Uh, sure as I'll ain't his.
Well, I ask a Matt Damon, he'll tell you.
Matt Damon's got a one ounce on television tonight who has the best ass.
J-Lo or a Ben.
In fact, I think he's going to tell him to Ben over.
Ben Affleck is first on the list. He already got my vote.
George Clooney.
What is the deal with him? He said the fact that he's like Rosemary Clooney's son or grandson.
He comes his hair straight down.
He's boring.
God.
Richard Geer.
Even a gerbil moved up because he was so boring.
And Don I'm a dead man in a chair who's in the lead.
Is he?
Oh, we already got that thing up there.
I'm just got eight Ben Affleck four.
I didn't realize we already popped it up.
Eric, you know, well, we're not looking.
Popped it up.
See, I get confused now.
And it's your fault because I thought that I heard that.
And I really heard that.
And I realized it was like a pop-up ad.
Fifteen votes.
Well, it's just getting going.
Or we can vote to your hearts content.
And I'm sure we'll add some other names on here, hopefully.
Hopefully we got to find some more boring big names, celebrities.
Here's a call from Delray Beats.
It's you only when I'm seeing on here right now.
But that's okay.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got to tell you I'll never forget.
I was clearly pulled.
I had my headphones on September 11th.
And my wife hooked on a phone on the other line.
It says, you know, the world's coming to an end.
Yeah, they've gone in New York.
And I'm listening to the sports.
And I'm like, well, why isn't QAM reporting on this?
Am I in some kind of a time water for something?
Because our management are a bunch of assholes.
That's why because Steve Goldstein is a simpleton.
That's all we know on QAM is sports.
I was the weirdest thing.
I mean, it's like not here sitting here thinking, I need some information.
So I need to forget my kids at school.
I need to go and fly it out of the country.
Right.
You know, the world coming to an end.
And I'm like, and it took them for like 45 minutes to the final.
I was just like, I couldn't believe it.
So you learned something very important in 9-11.
And that is this.
And if there's ever anything really important going on in the world
that isn't sports related, you'll never hear about it on this radio station
other than between 10 and 2.
Now that's the truth.
Yeah.
And the other thing is the beast.
I said the exact same thing the first time I heard him all with Pharrell.
I said, God, K-P-X would be insulted.
Yeah.
Oh, K-P-X would have put that tub on a ear now.
And now, when I hear him, that jiggling that fake jiggling.
He's like a little girl.
No, I'm not.
No, no.
He's just sticking him all the time.
He's like a little girl.
It so does instead in with Pharrell.
Right.
That's a good point because Pharrell is, you know, kicks ass
and he's on there like tittering like a little girl, you know.
Every time I hear him, I want to grab my razor.
Get him off, Scott.
Get him off that show, okay.
Just put him over to corner and stick his thumb in his mouth.
I'll see you later.
And thanks a lot.
Have a great day.
Yeah, it's like Thumbelina.
Well, actually, when I was a kid, I used to think it called Thumbelina
because that's the size of my penis.
20 before 11.
See, I think I just made that up.
Oh, that would, I'm almost upset that they rekindled the memories of that.
Because when I write my memoirs, that'll be one of the most embarrassing days.
Yeah.
And of course, we got on this show, if there's anything going on in the world.
Oh, I think Generation ought to be located at the load center.
See, they're talking about a big load, but at least it's important.
And we just open up the pot and smoke it.
And put it right on the air.
Curation.
See, there you go.
There's something like important hockey game or something like that going on.
And so before this, open up the pot.
What is the spot on?
But the spot will end eventually.
Or if there's like an important horse race going on somewhere in the world.
Great wind will out on the outside.
From the first right here.
Dan Lloyd's up.
Well, he's pretty boring.
He's a nice guy.
I guess he's very boring.
Give him your Dan Lloyd's up.
Call a race from Woodbar.
No, Thurbritz.
No.
You might, if they ever get to 10, we're sending a gate.
Shubba's ass in there.
Okay.
Let's get the guy to end gate open.
Okay.
Christ almighty.
It's post back in our way.
There are.
Okay.
I said.
There are.
Yeah.
Okay. He's boring.
Not as boring though is our Marlins play by play.
That's one of the reasons that nobody comes to the game.
I say for a lot to do the Marlins games.
The hell would it be?
No, I don't you think that would be great?
Absolutely.
He could really stir up some damn interest in that stuff because they got a hell of a team.
Their living game is over.
They're tied for the wild car lead.
There's 74.53 I believe is the bracket.
That could be wrong.
63.
But nobody is showing up because there's nobody stimulating any interest.
And you got that awful Dave Van boring there.
He's got a hot wife and a van herpes.
That's all we can say for him.
Up, up and away.
Oh my god.
1042 at 560 WQAM where we decided the beast must go.
Is that right?
Hey man.
Announcing a 2003 Neil Rogers end of the summer clearance sale going on right now at Halibut
Pontiac GMC.
Get you the lowest prices in town from our good buddies Tom Leman Joe Prado and all
the sales holes at Halibut Pontiac.
For the special promotion of your vehicle has been marked down to the absolute rock bottom
price.
Absolutely.
Right.
Plus get 0% financing for 60 months on every single 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock.
Buy you a 2003 Pontiac Sunfire for only $11,998 or full size Sierra for just $15,998.
But hurry in right now because inventories of these be limited.
And at Halibut you can still test drive any vehicle I'm not for 24 hours.
Take it home.
Take it to the Marlins game this afternoon.
Take it to work.
Take it to the Enemsville.
And of course Halibut's also got a great selection of certified pre-owned cars, trucks,
SUVs.
Don't worry about having a couple of blemishes here and there either on your body or on
your credit report because they don't expect perfection.
At Halibut at least not from you anyway.
Halibut Pontiac GMC there at 134-01 South Dixie Highway that's US-1 across from the falls
open every single day seven days a week.
If you want more info on these spectacular Neil Deals you know what to do now call
the Neil Deal Hotline toll free and ask away.
It's 1-888-534-4211.
That's 1-888-534-4211 and don't forget all these Neil Deals.
Subtít it to credit or publicity to folks at Halibut for all the details.
Halibut Pontiac GMC we love them.
They love us because they are professional grade.
This is sports radio prices.
You weigh yeah.
And Rad House Delt.
Listen.
Transition.
Hi.
Hello.
What is warm huh?
I'll say.
You come here often.
Pardon me?
Have you been here before?
No.
First time.
What's your name?
Freeway.
Freeway that's nice.
I'm a figure.
Please, the nature of the figure.
I'm here.
You are here to get clean.
Oh, I don't know.
You were work around here?
I'm a waiter but Ashley I'm an actor.
Oh yeah, yeah.
I know.
What's the top is that you probably need to rely on.
Oh, how I'll say.
But you know with everything it's a news and all it's to pay.
Hey, you can start relaxing right now freeway.
I brought something.
Oh, she.
And freeway.
Not just any she either.
Look.
Gold lame.
Pretty kitty condom.
But here's the most important part freeway in the ProTechs label.
ProTechs huh?
Aren't those indoors by the City Council of San Francisco?
Absolutely.
You know the ProTechs logo.
I sure do.
Certified safe by the city.
By the Bay.
Well, what do you say?
Darn, look at that.
I dropped this soap again.
I'll get it.
You bet your life he will.
And with confidence.
Because freeway and spiket have condoms sent.
Don't let worry spoil those chance meetings in public showers.
Always carry ProTechs.
P-R-O-C-E-C-T.
T-My-My-Free-S-T-B.
P-R-O-C-E-C-T.
No, I'm holiday.
Don't doubt.
Know what it's all about.
The ProTechs cheap.
Still they won't send you a refund.
ProTech condoms.
A division of Black, Black, House, and Guadalajan.
Test control division.
Keep these situations safe since 1887.
1047 and 560 WM.
Happy Thursday to you.
We got the mad dog.
No, we don't have no mad dog.
We got the ball game of one.
Oh, thank God for the Marlon.
We love him.
And the Marlon's on deck at 1 to game 1-35.
Right over there at P.P. Park.
Why don't I go to the game and get out and do something today?
Okay.
You lazy bastards.
The Humper has got another brutal assignment.
He's a principal palis of the Bahamas.
I like that.
Doing a show after the ball game till 7 o'clock tonight.
Although, don't think he's working too hard because you got the old...
Pino Cook Show returns between 5 and 6.
And of course, everybody in the station is wondering one thing.
Why?
Pino Cook is back.
The big Orlando Elziguri 7 to 10.
8K at 10 and Joe and Mark overnight.
That's the...
Why?
Okay, calm down.
Why?
I miss Jackie.
Oh, yeah.
She was the best.
Anyway, so look at that.
The reason I played that bit is because that was Don I miss bit from a Zidian years ago.
And he used to be really funny and alive before he croaked and nobody told him.
Because he seems to be running away with our pool so far.
Oh, let's add some more names on here.
And why don't we have every line lit up on the board of suggestions?
Because this is one of those, you know?
Should be easy.
Who is the most boring big name celebrity?
We got Don I miss with 31, Ben Affleck with 12, who is just coma inducing Richard Gears
7 and George Clooney 6.
Here's Pepper Pines.
Hello?
Hey, New York.
I got a quick question for you.
Yeah.
You had a poll last week about your favorite TV radio personality with deceased.
And I was right.
Yeah, you mentioned Craig Wuerden.
Is he deceased?
No, and I didn't mention anything about Craig Wuerden being deceased now.
Okay.
So I thought I heard his name.
I said, okay, thanks a lot.
Have a great day.
And have a great day.
Have a great life.
Okay, so these people are really on top of this pool today, not?
Aren't they?
No.
Huh?
It's okay, then, bother me.
Here's the fact that it's this.
I like Harrison Ford's older movies, but I hate to say it.
He's a freaking snoozefest.
Okay, I'll put it on there, but I don't think you get no votes.
I don't think I got one.
I forgot that you ought to know what are your favorites?
Yeah.
Kevin Costner.
Oh, he is like tapioca pudding.
He's so boring.
Tapioca's being a kid.
He's not, he's just, he, I think even when he has an orgasm, he's like that.
Just like that.
Yes, he has no emotion.
Right.
No, no, that's too emotional.
In fact, if you, I thought you were going to play, it was going to be that.
No chance.
Not with Kevin Costner.
We're like, yeah.
He's as boring as late in that host Tom Snyder for Christ's sake.
Anyway, put his put him on your pool from Charles and Ford Lauderdale Beach.
P, P. S. it says, wait till you're this.
No more beats.
He's an absolute embarrassment for homo sapiens who are just homos in general.
This is it.
That's what Clarence said.
He says embarrassing for all those homos.
So Harrison Ford, Kevin Costner, let's add those two and maybe we'll get some from the audience if they ever wake up.
I, you know, I just don't get it because I talked to Norma Kang yesterday who called me for no reason at all than just to bug me.
And don't bother me anymore.
I'm normal.
Okay.
I have a great life, but leave me alone.
And he said, you're right.
There's nobody here.
He said it's like two, three weeks later that they're all coming back this year if they ever come back.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami?
Hello.
Hey, hey, how's George Snow my thunder?
Yeah.
I was going to say Kevin Costner.
He is the most boring actor there is.
You can't complain about his personality because you don't have one.
He has none.
And it's so funny because one of my favorite movies is Dancing with Wolves.
But that's all I got in here.
Thank you for cracking me.
Thank you.
Okay.
George Beechy at the point you're right.
56670560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Who is the most boring big name celebrity?
Here's Palm Beach.
Hello?
Palm Beach?
Yeah.
He knew.
Yes, sir.
The boring celebrity has to be Howard Stern.
He is absolutely ponderous.
It's almost as bad as Lucid and Demo in the morning.
Okay.
Okay.
I don't think he's going to get any votes.
56670560 on the AT&T and for whatever it is.
How much does it go through all of my stories here?
There's something going on yesterday.
Tuesday was just an aberration.
We had a phenomenal show Tuesday.
But you're right.
I didn't take a lot of calls.
We were just rambling and going nuts.
But there's just nobody there.
So I can scream and holler that nobody's going to the Marlin Games or anything else.
But how can anybody go when there's only a few people there?
There's nothing going on.
Everybody has bailed out of that place.
I'll tell you who is here.
Yeah.
The mutants.
The people that can't drive their finger up their eyes but they're out on the road.
Oh, I don't want to hear about the driving again.
No, no, just everything.
I can't handle it.
It's never going to change.
It's impossible.
Stay out the road.
Just walk.
Get a bicycle.
Oh, walk.
Are you kidding me?
And be a target?
Good point.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Oh, oh, the Raspberry guys actually on the air now.
That's exciting.
Miami, hello.
Way so miserable.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
What the hell's going on?
I don't know.
I mean, I think this is a pretty interesting poll but nobody's got any suggestions.
We got no calls except every chronic in the world on here.
Don't ask me.
Well, I'll tell you, I love his movies but as an interview he's a boy.
He's so boring.
Robert's a hero.
Okay.
Loving the movies but, you ever see his interviews?
No, not really.
I guess I lucked out.
Okay, thanks.
There is something really strange in that town.
Man, is there something like a, I don't know.
A civil defense alert or something?
I mean, what's going on there?
Maybe that's why they're driving like idiots too.
They're all hanging out under the desk waiting for the other shooter drop.
5, 6, 7.
This is my last time because we can just leave the poll up at like eight or nine names on.
I don't really care.
I just thought it would be something, you know, against Spoonfield.
They didn't give them another list to build but they just are hopeless yesterday and today.
See, this, this was a mistake.
Again, speaking of normal camp, this was not good.
This was, gave him too much back in his last deal.
I say from the 20th of June until about the 15th of September, that's plenty of,
and with no Tuesdays and Thursdays either.
I'm off with this crap trying to force feed a show to a, to a dead audience.
Speaking of I'm, here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How about Jeff Goldblum?
Very boring.
There's, there's the kind of guy I'm looking for.
That's perfect.
Right.
And Neil also, when, when you're away, can't you have, uh, can't you have this guy do a six hour show instead of having George on there?
That's a good idea.
Okay, well, work on it.
Thanks.
Let's have her out.
Do a six hour show instead of George.
What are you saying?
No.
No.
See, why don't they just have to take a gratuitous shot at poor little George who had a fabulous summer while it was, kind of weak.
That was all right.
Here's the most boring big name celebrity.
Don I'm a 38, Ben Affleck 14, Richard Gear 13, and George Clooney 10.
Out of 75 votes.
And the other names are not there yet for reasons unknown.
Probably Eric is having a bunch of a couple of branches right now.
Right?
Who?
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, what about Sean Connery?
Sean Connery is kind of boring.
He's very boring.
All right.
Thank you.
Yeah, let's build up a whole bunch of names on here.
And then we'll get to the good part.
Boy, you people are brutal.
You really are.
Just when you think that, see, I, and I knew that when the show ended Tuesday, I was sitting here in like a, in a puddle of euphoria for a couple of moments and I thought, God, that was a great show.
Who they was fine, you know, was fabulous.
Well, see that.
And then, yeah, that's what I thought I said, yeah, but every time that happened, it looked like about two weeks of hell and they're proven it to me.
There's something wrong with you people, man.
There is something wrong with that town.
With the people in it, with the God-name alligators, even the gators who got a crappy attitude, even a rat in my attic got a snotty attitude, you know.
God, why are there so many miserable, nasty, unhappy, rotten, and of course, you'll notice, of course, never leaving us are the same, you know, the handful of lunatics.
They're always there.
And God, are you people boring?
You ought to be on the list if we had your names.
I'd like to put you on the list.
We have some of their names.
In fact, I got a different list.
I'd like to put them on.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Good morning, you're home.
Yes, ma'am.
Hello.
Yes.
How are you?
I'm okay.
Can you hear me?
We seem to be having a kid.
What do we have here is a favor to communicate.
I know.
Can you hear me okay?
Yes, I can hear you.
And I hear you just fine.
So that's the basis for a wonderful conversation.
First of all, I want to say, you know, I just got back from dance mover and talk about nice people.
Right.
I just have this thing about connecting.
I don't know if you're going to be able to communicate with them.
I don't know if you're going to be able to communicate with them.
I don't know if you're going to be able to communicate with them.
I don't know if you're going to be able to communicate with them.
I don't know if you're going to be able to communicate with them.
I don't know if you're going to be able to communicate with them.
I don't know if you're going to be able to communicate with them.
I don't know if you're going to be able to communicate with them.
I don't know if you're going to be able to communicate with them.
Bye bye.
By the way, speaking of the word,
as Stefan, I almost forgot one of my very important stories that I got piled up here.
This is like the old days.
How much start reading the stories again?
Good.
I'm serious.
This is crap.
I want to look at all the bull crap.
The verbal gymnastics I've had to go through just to start stimulating some calls here today.
And all we're asking for is like a goddamn name.
Is that too difficult?
You're a Christal mighty.
Put on your thinking cap.
Christal mighty, we added him to the list.
Yes.
Christal all the mode of whatever it is.
He shows in any language, writes Glenn Garvin in the Herald.
And I don't even know what he's talking about.
I'm not sure he doesn't either.
But anyway, basically he's saying that the Latin Grammy show sucked.
He said, most of the show was done in English.
That's good news.
It's bad news.
Yadi, yadi, yadi, and all this other crap.
And then he goes on about the protesters.
Do you have something to hear about the protesters?
I mean, that's some place else.
I don't think I even read that in this article.
It's this column should be on our list about boring Glenn Garvin.
You idiot.
God is this boring.
You didn't even write anything about the opening ceremonies, which of course I was waiting
with Bated Breath, but we don't get it up here.
The Latin Grammys.
It's a negra, it's a negra, it's a pumpau.
And when all the people are gone, they're going to be gone.
They don't come no sweeter than Cena, man.
America, the world's most famous rank queen.
What?
I thought that was the Dame Edna.
No, no, she put her in her play.
That was divine.
Well, she may have been divine, but boy, what a banana on her pulse.
1058 at 560 WDQM VIP Sportsbook.com is star-floated best sportsbook.
This time of year, Ami Kusfoot falls in heavy duty.
All the sportsbooks start claiming they're the biggest or the best and make all kinds of wild offers.
But the deal is that 99% of these bookies are located in the jungles of Costa Rica,
who hell knows if anybody will ever see them come out again.
This year, move up and class.
Do yourself a favor, make the switch to VIPsportsbook.com.
They're the oldest, the largest sportsbook in the Netherlands.
They're 100% legal in license, too.
Listen to me, call VIPsportsbook.com right now and plunge your heart's content with confidence.
And 1-866 VIP bets because VIPs sportsbook.com is star-floated best sportsbook.
Sign up now and you can bet on all the South Florida football and basketball teams.
Juice free all year long.
You want to bet the dolphins? If you're a fool, it's 100 to 100. Except maybe this week.
You want to bet the hurricanes? It's 100 to 100.
So forget about the big. All Southam's get a 20% cash bonus, not some funny money match play bonus.
VIPsportsbook.com, that's where you'll find them online or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
That phone again is 1-866 VIP bets. Be sure to mention you heard about it on the cross-dual near Rangeshow on QAM.
VIPsportsbook.com where you are the VIP.
Sign up now and you can bet on all your sportsbooks.com.
VIPsportsbook.com
You can bet on all your sportsbooks.com
You can bet on all your sportsbooks.com.
If you're a pro, it's 100 to 100.
If you're a pro, it's 100 to 100.
You can bet on all your sportsbooks.com.
If you're a pro, it's 100 to 100.
But for the food and...
He's an office food and a wild...
Once he went all about this president beyond his shadow of a doubt...
He's an asshole.
And a dangerous one too.
There's nothing that there are a few things worse than a dangerous asshole.
That's what Clarence told me.
Lebanon 3 and 560, where the QAM was the most boring big name celebrity.
Now we've got some calls on here. Let's see what they make out of it.
Here's a lady in plantation. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi. I was wondering...
We're trying to raise money for the Bay of Newtale Life's Plate.
And I've heard you mentioned it. I believe before we have some gift certificates here.
We were wondering if people help us like have a little auction.
No, no. 560, 560.
You know something I'm starting to get ported off.
These people with their own agendas, I was very kind to you.
I try to help you people out. I give the web address on the year.
The whole deal. I will explain it once. That's it.
Not enough.
No, that evidently is enough.
Like that lady that wanted me to donate money to every dog.
I'm a dog lover, but you know something I can only spread it out so thin.
You have to save all the dogs.
I see you personally.
No, it has absolutely nothing to do with what we're doing on the show day.
But she doesn't care about that. She just wants to use the abuse.
I've been used enough, bitch.
You call that nice lady a bitch?
Yes, I'm sick of it.
She's just... she's like one step away from the free ticket lady.
Here's Boka. Hello.
What the hell?
Oh, God.
Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
How you doing?
Yes, sir.
Buying celebrity, Ed Kaplan at nighttime.
You want to follow me?
He's even a big, big name celebrity.
Get out of here.
See, this is the problem with you people.
All you want to do is take little shots at Moe and at me and George.
Try to elevate yourself to a different level.
I realize it's pretty difficult.
And your spurokiel is most of the people in South Florida are.
Try to like move it up to the next level.
You think it's possible?
No.
No.
All that word laying perocult.
Yeah, right.
Jesus.
Like I said, couple more of these nipples are just like,
and what the hell's with Eric up there now?
We got a hundred of them votes, but he's got like four of the first five names.
I was stuck in the canter, something.
What?
He's stuck in the can.
Is that what it is?
Welcome.
Maybe he's got his foot stuck in his ass.
Nothing.
As old record players.
Yeah.
The players actually had 16 RPMs, which I never saw 16 RPM record.
I want you to take your head out of your own ass.
Yeah, that's right, Eric.
Even Moe knows what's going on there up there.
They're up there now?
Yeah.
Okay.
The most boring big name celebrity.
I'm his 58.
Ben Affleck 25.
Richard Gear 19.
George 2013.
And a whole bunch of other people just went up there.
Here's a call from Lake Worth.
Neil, the final of the small timers and old people is not much here, but just got to deal with it.
Yeah.
And tell me about it.
The celebrity Charles Grodden, the excellent person.
Oh, a good choice, man.
I hate him like poison.
How about the panther sign that guy?
Exciting.
Who did they sign?
I don't know.
Oh, Christine Hussier.
We already knew that.
That was no big.
I mean, he's a good player, but what's the big deal?
The panthers, the chances of them making the playoffs this year on a scale of zero are minus infinity,
none and much less than none.
Police, somebody talked about it one time, so that's it.
There you go.
Have a good one.
Thanks, Valley.
Yeah, the panthers again.
Oh, give us all of that money.
You know, the prices are just outrageous for those tickets.
I just sent them about six grand.
By the way, Clara's, where's my hockey ticket refund?
And where's my money to reimburse you, Jackass?
And where's my money to while we're at it?
I don't know.
It calls me yesterday, moaning.
Oh, a Greg Reed won't pay me.
What the hell am I supposed to do about Norma?
You see, no, they don't like the fact that my blood pressure is great.
I'm stress-free.
I'm having to see this is the people in South Florida.
So many of them are so miserable and so full of hate that if they feel that you're like having a,
you're enjoying life, they can't handle that.
They drive them crazy.
Right.
When you just heard the first hour today, this is a good example of what it's all about.
Misery loves company.
That's the motto in the state of Florida.
Misery loves company.
How can we do to disturb your life and make you as miserable as we are?
Most boring Elvis's daughter.
She's so boring and uninviting that I can't remember the bitch's name.
Lisa Marie Pressley, that sounds good to me.
That's a good choice.
Lisa Marie, she is boring.
And she's a Scientologist too, which, you know, aka Michael Jackson's ex-wife.
Kiano Reeves, that's an excellent choice.
George sent this, not our own George, but a real George.
And cracker George.
Kiano Reeves, do you think that's a good choice?
Excellent.
He has no personality whatsoever.
Whoa.
I know.
So we're going to end those.
Make sure that Eric gets these because he's under a lot of stress up there.
Okay, he's got a real smelly BM that he said.
We got it down.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and for Rise of Arles Line.
Here's the call on you, ol' alligator rally.
Hello.
Thank you.
How you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
Well, he's become no more, but, you know, I know you're Tisha Gwyn, Runio Donald.
I mean, he was like the most boring person in the world.
Boring dyke?
Yeah, boring, whole dyke.
Her and Ellen G. Jenner is both.
We're like, so.
I think Ellen D. Jenner is even more boring than she is.
I find her coma inducing.
That's true.
Even her comedy is coma inducing.
Okay, pal, thanks.
We got it.
Okay, Rosie O'Donnell, Ellen D. Jenner is two of America's most famous bull dykes.
Who are they, boring?
See, we're supposed to be all of a sudden that those of us fanguers.
Oh, well, we got Queer Eye for the straight guy and straight eye for the queer guy and the brown eye and Rosie.
And this is crap is what it is.
It's Hollywood's typical way of stereotyping people and putting on the ugliest and the nastiest and the most grotesque.
And that's it.
That's what these fags are all about.
And you think you're so, oh, man, he was right.
We all hate faggets.
Let's go to a, what does that say?
Val Harbor. Hello.
Hey, Neal, how are they going?
Pretty good, sir.
Well, I had a KNO Reeves.
The guy, you know, took my material, but how about Christopher Reeves?
He just hit that.
Not bad.
Not bad.
All right.
About a nine and a half.
Thank you.
No, we're not putting them on there.
Now watch the Erica go ahead and put them on there.
We're not putting Christopher Reeve on there.
That was mean.
Why not?
That's why we like, uh, because we don't give a crap.
We're just nasty and hostile because it fits in with South Florida.
Hey, Neal, why are you so negative because the show isn't South Florida.
It fits in like a rubber glove up your ass.
That's why.
I mean, if I was like doing a show here, I'd be positive.
Hey, you know, look, uh, it's a beautiful day to start a shining.
It's like 72 degrees today.
It's great.
You know what I'm saying?
No.
What?
Pleasant people, 80s, Indian great places I can choose for a nice early lunch today at one
o'clock.
Pleasant.
What's good?
Don't you wish we had a mark?
See, I think part of the problem is that we made a mistake by announcing there's a Marlon game at one.
Has it ever failed that when we tell him there's a Marlon game?
Even if it's hours away that they just run, they're just streaking and screaming like, oh my god.
It's not a good audience builder for us on this show, Duff, okay?
The Duff Master.
What am I going to do, Greg?
The buildings are falling, Greg.
In a hallway, crying like a child.
And there's Gully.
Well, what are we going to say about it?
What can we say?
I mean, we're a bunch of morons.
What are we going to say about what's going on?
You know, let's talk sports.
Let's talk about guys with Jackstabs.
Come on.
Sports.
Yeah.
Are you notice calling line nine is not from Orlando?
Hello.
Hey, how's it going, guys?
Are you in Orlando?
Yes, I am.
I know it.
My favorite boring actors, Timothy Dalton and Edward James Almos.
Those guys are sockmen.
Almos.
What was the first one?
Huh?
What was the first one?
Timothy Dalton.
I don't even know who the hell that is.
He was the bond before Chris Rodin.
Okay.
And Edward James Almos, man.
I grew up watching Miami Vice Man.
I was a different cardboard man.
He couldn't stand.
Edward J. Almos.
Edward James Almos.
I know who that is.
He's boring.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Patrick.
Two good choices.
Even though I don't know who the first one is.
Okay.
Let me just do it.
Let me just first sum of this stuff because this is, I don't know.
I just, this show, this town, this station, this market, they never cease to amaze me.
Just astonishing.
How many times have I told you that every day when you know it because you do the show all the time when you sit your ass down like the first day you've ever been on the year?
Right.
Who are you?
What are you bringing to the table today?
Bring out the electro.
How much of a lasagna sounds good?
Maybe a little bacon, bacon crumbles.
Bacon, lasagna.
Analysts say Schwarzenegger AWOL strategy may fail.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was once so hungry to compete that he abandoned his army post to attend a bodybuilding tournament.
He won the contest but later spent a week in military prison.
But when it comes to political debates, the actor is showing no similar competitive desire and conspicuous.
He skipped the last night and the first of that series of debates with Governor Gray Davis and the top candidates who want to replace him in the states on precedent and recall election.
Some say novice politician Schwarzenegger's aloof strategy could backfire as it might signal to the very naive stupid ass public that behind a celebrity status is a man with a limited knowledge of our government works.
No, Schmidt, man.
No kidding.
Aren't you amazed by that?
Shot.
This is a bulletin by the way too bad we don't have the beast to go.
Put it like that.
He's right here somewhere.
I'll go get it.
No thanks.
I can't believe what I did.
I don't think I lost my copy.
Uh-oh.
Oh, it wouldn't be bad.
No, there it is.
Just realized I have a good organization here.
I'm very organized.
The Schwarzenegger campaign appears to be based on the assumption that they should not allow Mr. Schwarzenegger to talk in anything other than very controlled environments said Tim Hodzen, director of the Center for California Studies at California State University Sacramento.
This idea of hermetically sealed celebrity in my judgment is not working.
He said if he simply stays behind a bubble of celebrity status, he's going to lose and you are absolutely correct.
And even if he doesn't stay behind a bubble of celebrity status, he's still going to lose.
Absolutely correct.
Thank goodness.
Three children die when car walls and lake in McClintin, Illinois.
Do you want to know about that?
Uh, it's a bit old.
No.
1113 at 560 WDQM if you're working in a really crappy job like some of us if you're underpaid overworked under appreciated.
Oh, that's bad.
How'd you like to have a career where you make a real big fat paycheck and you get treated like I mentioned you've got some real skills where you can make your own deal.
So call fast train and change your life today at 1-866 fast train because these are the people who can have you trained and certified in a great new computer career before years end.
The demand for computer professionals like I always tell you continues to grow.
There's no better time than right now to get you a new high paying career.
Fast train offers job placement assistance, convenient dating weekend schedules and with four locations in software, there's bound to be one close by you.
Fast train offers financial assistance for people to quantify too.
So what do you got to lose beside a really crap job at a meager paycheck?
Call fast train and like I said really change your life for the better.
1-866 fast train. You have no excuses, no mole to stay in a dead end job.
Check them out on the web at fast train.com and call them tool free.
Be sure to mention Todd Dretson and they'll get a good chuckle out of it.
Call 1-866 fast train.
My and local. This is sports radio high 60.
Way to lay.
Regular maple syrup with our brand. Let's see if you notice this.
Huh.
My waffles just kind of stank today.
Almost like like fish or something but.
Jeez, I'm like compelled to eat it for some reason.
No, you'd be fine if it ain't the taste of every jammy in the bone.
1117 at 560 WQM. Happy Thursday whether you're like or not.
Okay, it's sound very sour you people down there today. It's just one of those things.
How dare you. What? Too bad. Too good.
Who is the most boring big name celebrity?
Gun I'm a 66. He's off to the races man. He has moved this fast in about many years.
About 30 men. Been Aflac 30. How many votes been Aflac?
About 30 men. Richard gear 19.
You know what? So I'm going to do what I think the best part of the show so far today
because these calls have been mostly horrible.
Yeah, I think that was fun. And then of course even better than that.
Why? Why?
Yeah, that new thing to help you lose the weight, that pee.
Why? Why?
That was sensational. And then I started taking calls. That was a bad move on my part.
We apologize.
Well seriously, what is the story here today?
Today, we got the usual nut cases and they get in but when that's all you got.
When that's all you got man, you ain't got no mo.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Merck and bashing fake.
There he is. Another one.
That's that same guy by the way with a 16 voices asshole.
In any voice you're still an asshole.
Here is the hope sound. Hello.
Yeah, you got one another scientist.
John Travolta and one you might not like you.
No, no, no. That's it.
You see, now they're starting with the list again.
I don't think I'm ever going to do this again.
Because usually it helps so they enjoy it and it helps kill the show.
I mean kill some time. It always degenerates.
No, but they were I got a few for it.
Who is the most boring big name celebrity?
Not a long, long list of boring people but who is the most boring big name celebrity?
Not even it just turns into how many names can you name it.
That you're right.
Right.
I put you after Volta because he is boring.
There was a good choice and that's a dog.
In other words, quit while you're ahead. That was fine.
One, not two, not 75, not a thousand.
Not thirty, man.
Not thirty. One.
Uno.
No.
Adin.
Dva.
Three.
You know the word three is like very similar to almost every language.
You know that?
No, I didn't.
Why is that?
Quentin.
But one and a two, I mean they're very different.
But like three is always going to have some similarities.
Look at that bermuda issues.
Hurricane watches.
The storm moves closer.
That storm ain't going anywhere near Florida, by the way.
You know what's going to hit?
I think the Caroline is if it actually makes it that far.
But if it doesn't get spun off to the east, the northeast.
Do you know what that looks like right where it's headed?
Right toward your place up there in North Carolina.
Oh, where are the mountains?
Ain't nothing.
Oh yeah, it's going to go right up the mountain.
Right.
Remember that little mountain climber on the prices right?
You ever seen that game that playing?
Sure.
The little mountain climber.
That's one of my favorite games.
Then when he falls off the end, I don't know what that's about.
The 567-05-0560.
In fact, Bob Barker always kind of like jumps back a little when he falls off the end.
It goes like that.
The mountain climber.
567-05-0560.
Thank you, by the way, to make my day for you.
Because I never even realized I had that in there.
I thought one of those things that was missing.
For years, yeah.
Sorry.
Here's a poppin'o.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Great.
Oh, week, very week version.
Here's North Miami Beach.
Hello.
North Miami Beach.
That's it.
The quiet guy.
Oh, he just knocked down.
Oh, yeah, funny.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
One name for you.
Jay Leno.
Oh, that's an excellent choice.
And of course, a lot of people say, oh, could you say that because he is boring.
The only interesting thing about him is that chin, and I'm tired of that.
Um, tons of nobody's mentioned before.
He plays the mean chin ball, those one I hear.
Thanks a lot, pal.
That's the word.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
See, there you go.
There's a call.
There's like somebody had something to say.
He did it nice.
Sweet.
He didn't just give the name out.
He actually made about like 10 or 20 words to like elaborate a little bit.
And that's it.
That's how you do it.
Calling a talk show 101.
As opposed to like trying to do a limitation of great colors like retire.
There's only one guy can do that right.
Okay.
Retire.
There has to be a bunch of wannabes.
Okay.
But you'll want to be.
You ought to retire from the talk show calling a career because it sucks your career and going nowhere.
And all these little lemmings done here.
Oh, we're going to like, you know, you know, it reminds me of the first time that the goal, that guy called and did that.
There was an asshole.
One of these assholes, chronic, waiting on hold.
Do you remember this?
Of course.
And the guy says retire and I did.
I was cute.
And I pressed up and I was like, oh, that was a good idea.
Now the guy was already on hold.
The guy's already on hold who called for some other nudge or whatever reason.
But because he's somebody else said something, it's the old monkey, see monkey, do.
There aren't 50 people in America who got an original thought in their mind.
Okay.
It's just being a lemming.
Just repeating like a goddamn cockatoo.
Like a minor bird.
Like a freaking parakeet.
Like a guy that impolite a parrot.
Jesus Christ almighty.
Get with it.
Unload your brain with all that religion bull crap with a God squad and the Jesus Christ there's no like a,
and start using your brain and think a little bit, okay?
Good.
Golly Miss Molly, man.
What am I going to upset about here today?
We got a nice three hour show.
We got a piece of cake.
Stop and think about that.
You're right.
Godfather three was so stupid.
I mean, I like the Vatican bashing there was drip, but the whole, here he's constantly through the whole trilogy.
He's going through these diabetic colmas all the time, Michael.
And he's standing there.
Cake, you know, they just slapped it together.
They really do.
He's slapped it.
Should have slapped that AI wallocaine this out of it just before he ate the last cannoli.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, man.
Yeah, I'd like to say that Ben Stiller is most boring at this.
An outstanding choice.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
Ben Stiller.
Now, he's Jerry is still an enn mirror son, right?
Correct.
And he's still boring.
Actually quite, I like to put them on there, but they're boring too to be honest with him.
And Mira.
Well, I like the dad.
He's, yeah, he's okay.
Jerry's okay.
But enn mirror is boring.
And maybe this is where Ben got it from.
In addition to which he's like borderline from a distance, he looks almost human.
But then when you see him closer, realize he's almost as ugly as that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, damn it.
We can't all be beautiful, you know, like the beast.
In fact, don't you remember the famous story, the beauty in the show incredibly psychically?
I know.
I beat you to it though.
No, but no, you don't understand.
You walked in the door two seconds before you said his name just now.
Yeah.
And he's going to do that new center and then you just said the beast.
Talk about it.
I don't need you to do it.
I can do it.
I can sound just as juvenile as you can, beast though.
Oh, they, you know, no, I don't think anybody can do it like him.
Okay, let's hear it.
You're fired.
Oh, that's a story of my life.
You're building a hell of a resume.
I'll tell you that, man.
A hell of a resume.
I don't think it's a candle after a horror game at show.
Now he's going to get candle off a real show.
Absolutely.
Because behind your back, he's ripping you away.
That's all I do.
Are you listening to me?
You're out listening to me.
I'm trying to help you out.
Okay, because he's up.
I need to buy.
There's a, there's a, well, you shut up.
Listen to me.
Behind your back, Phorella is like really slicing you, man.
And he's telling certain people out of one of them.
It's in George that he really, if no stick anymore, that he's had it with you.
And he wants to blow your fat ass off of that show because you're killing him.
So I'm just passing along.
I know.
Well, there you go.
So what do you guys do about it?
Stop doing that.
Whatever you just did.
See, I don't mind you doing it because you're doing it.
He's the one told me to do it.
He did?
Yes.
Well, let me ask you something.
Why?
I don't know.
It's his show.
I just, I just come in and the boy.
So, in other words, listen to just sticks.
See what if we do that, we're not just kidding around.
You know, like when we can be an or boy, we have pretty good reason for that.
But he, you don't see him no more, do you?
No more.
So there's the, that's what I'm saying.
When we can't Scott, you and you're off the show pretty soon because he has nothing to say.
He don't like to show anyway.
I mean, you know, there'll be a good reason for it.
I think I just gave you two.
But in your case, see, there's a little part of you I like.
I've never seen it and I don't want to.
We can't do that.
So little.
No, seriously.
I mean, you're one of those people that you, when you see you, I mean, behind your back, you can hate you easy.
But to see you, I don't know whether it's pity or whether it's just amusement because you're a funny looking guy.
You're a funny.
I don't know.
Everybody just wants to pat you on the head and say, oh, what a jackass, but isn't he lovable?
Yeah, that kind of thing.
Right?
You know, you're what I'm talking about.
Sure he doesn't want to see any ill-befall you, but the fact of the matter is you're on the verge of getting your ass can.
Now, you can't make a career out of butt-playing, uh, a clearance.
That's not a job, you know?
Well,
Yeah.
That is not a good job.
Right, I'm sure.
You got to find something more useful to do around there.
Let's get back out of this.
Stuff will show you a busy work, man. He's the expert at it.
Make busy work, make it up schedules and walking around and checking on everybody's.
See if they got a headache today, telling about his operation and his, all this other stuff.
He'll, he's the expert on make busy work, you know?
So I'd start having some sessions with Doug because he's hung on here like crazy for years and years.
And the interesting part is, uh, is that great? Don't even know he's there anymore.
You know what?
So I'm just trying to help you out because I think it would be a shame and not only that,
but then he's going to send bag you for things that he's telling you.
Now, is this serious? Is there like a riff developing? Or is this just a game about what?
Is there a really a riff development?
I can't tell with him.
I don't know.
It's serious.
See, George says it's serious.
He told me that before to show this.
Oh, the way did you hear, uh, Mo, like killing you this morning?
No, he blamed you for the whole internet worm virus computer thing that's killed their emails.
Well, that's true.
Yeah.
I got the internet worm.
But why do I care about that?
Most of the hour, half an hour of the show talking about how George, uh, infected the computer system at the station.
My worm goes everywhere.
No, no, absolutely.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Okay, but he's good luck here. You'll need it.
1127. And by the way, thanks for that great.
I do it better.
1127 at 560 WQM.
You're embarrassing station for the new millennium.
And guys, if you spent 2002 avoiding mirrors,
if you're sick of combing those fewer remaining strands over that enormous bald spot on your head,
if you're technically looking for that baseball cap to cover for your lack of hair,
now's the time to do this smart thing, like Frado, call my good buddy Charles Alfuri.
Charles Alfuri is the best in the business using the latest technology.
Charlie produces sensational results for guys who need a lot or maybe just a little bit more here,
with the most amazing natural hairline system available in the universe.
It's the best.
He's been doing it for over 25 years now working with a famous and not so famous.
Millionaires and slippers too, because no matter how much money you got,
this is the best looking piece in the world.
It looks like real hair like it's going out of your scalp,
as opposed to that awful muskrat that weasel that died on most head.
And everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee.
If you don't love the way it looks and feels,
Charlie give you a full refund, no questions asked.
So, call today and get yourself a really great look.
Take advantage of your $200 neo-riders discount when you call.
And keep in mind, it's Charlie also services and repairs.
All types of hair systems usually while you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks
and can almost always make them look a lot better too.
Call toll free 1-800-321-2413 and change your life forever.
1-800-321-2413 or longer out of that prestigious website,
CharlesAlphieri.com.
It's my life and local.
This is 4205-16.
You ain't who I am.
See I've been there before when I've chosen for a dead.
I could tell she won't me, yo.
Cause I found something else like a sausage of a man.
When I gave it a fee, yo.
Oh my god.
Whenever I'm out to school, I will be where I'll be where.
Cause girls wear the package you can ignore I'll be where.
I'll be where.
I'm gonna have a lot to say.
There's something like a hot chick with a big rack and a big package.
1132 at 560 WDQM.
So here's the deal.
Who's the most boring?
I think we'll do a little preliminary pool tomorrow in the first hour.
Who should be the first person fired at QAM right now?
We'll put the beast on there and I'll put some other names.
George.
Right.
But, uh, and Scott, Jr.
Anyway, we got 213.
Now you won't.
213 votes.
I'm a 76.
The most boring big name celebrity.
Ben Affleck 35, which that was my vote.
No question asked.
Richard Year 21, George Pune 15, Kevin Costner 13.
Jack Goldblum 11, well, he's not only is he boring, but he's just just a look at him makes me make my stomach twitch.
Just nasty looking.
Remember, he was in the remake of the fly.
Yep.
And I wish somebody would have just come along with a guy named Flyswatter.
Howard Stern 9, Harrison 48, Gloria Estefan 7, Charles Groden 7, who's not only boring, but just a real prick.
Yep.
LND generous 4, Kiana Reeves 2, Rosie O'Donnell 2, at least I'm repressively 2, Timothy Dalton 1, none yet for Sean Cotterie, Edward James Olmos, John Travolta, I almost voted for him.
Jay Leno and Ben Stiller don't have no votes yet.
Well, I just thought of somebody really incredibly boring and it just slipped away, you know.
David.
Just slipped away, faded away.
Just when I was about to like articulate it and like, uh, faded away.
Into the etheric as they say.
I'm trying to find that damn.
Hope like that.
27 till noon at 560 WQM.
Get yourself into car.
Go over to support the damn Marlins.
I don't even care about the Marlins.
I'm an embarrassed for you people.
They're playing phenomenal, even without Michael Owell.
They're tied for the damn wild car leader.
Let me give them over 500.
They got the pirates again today at the P.P. Park.
They had a shut out last night, three nothing.
Who that was the picture Scott?
Who the hell put that game?
Where'd he go the fuck?
It means he's on a phone.
He's on a phone with who?
Who was it?
Josh Beckett.
Josh Beckett, thank you Scott.
See, he did okay.
Don't start making excuses.
The same thing you did for being a boy.
Then you Scott you and you're going to start doing heavy-duty drugs.
You're going to have his going to fall on the floor and pass up.
His eyes are going to bulge out of his head.
He's going to be spewing all kinds of blood out of his...
Correct him.
Stop making excuses for people.
Get him on the stick, okay?
I think George is the enabler.
56670560.
Josh Beckett pitched a nice shut out last night, three nothing.
And you people just refused to show up.
Scott, for real, he's going to be out there today.
Doing his thing.
Pirates of the Tomorrow, you got plenty of time to get out there.
It's sure there's plenty of room.
Believe me, plenty of tickets available.
Pre-game show at 1 and Pirates of the Tomorrow Game starts at 1.35.
Get with it.
See, I'm trying to do something positive.
And all I get is knock.
Right, you're so negative.
I don't even care about baseball anymore.
It's boring.
In fact, if we could sports on here and put that on here.
Forts.
I mean, for the baseball part, not all sports.
Not one to pay for your plan.
Boy, are you going to kick the dolphins as twice this year or what?
Yeah, big time.
It's going to be embarrassing.
Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Thank you.
Yes, sir.
How much are we off the road?
You were promoting the Marlins.
How the shock there.
I had to wear the greatest town in your diary.
I have to wear your pole.
And it's the most boring person in the world.
Okay.
That's the pole.
And he's like, even when he's caught, he's not moving.
Do I sound like I'm starting to hyperventilate?
Who is the most boring big name celebrity, not person in the world, not goofball, not guy in address, the most boring big name celebrity, not guy in address, which eliminate Celia Cruz?
What?
I don't know why you laugh when I say that.
You know what's the name, Greg?
Well, I get laughing because it's the deal, man.
Is that a green?
That's a green?
No, is that a green?
We're out of here.
We're all in a greet to talk.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
I'm telling you, man, the search for a human life in South Florida needs to begin soon.
Remember I was talking to you the other day about the bust with all the transplants?
Right.
We need fleets and fleets of not only animals, but buses.
Yeah.
Tons and tons, thousands of buses to transport the losers, the dead and the near dead out of that place, and to get some living and breathing people in their under the age of 100.
Man, what a difference that would make.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Plantation?
Oh, hey.
Yes sir.
I got the most boring actor for you.
Okay.
Steven's the go.
Oh, okay.
He's boring.
Excellent.
Excellent for you.
Thank you.
Go mind-ducing.
Okay.
What do you say?
What do you say in here?
Colman-inducing.
Oh, okay.
That was very good.
There's the kind of call.
That's what we're looking for.
Yeah, nice one.
Of course, he's in plantation.
He's got to be a good guy.
Thank you, Betty, Betty, much.
Oh, there's Colin Powell.
He's boring.
I think the resolution is drafted in a way.
Yeah, okay.
Everything under-slepping him out.
Oh, are you talking about coming with your tail between your legs?
Oh, brother.
Man, oh.
No, we don't want no part of you people.
We're going to go in here.
Us and the Brits, we're going to do whatever we want.
You people are too late and screw you.
Now that we realize that we're drowning over there, we're in way to hell over our heads.
It's costing billions and trillions and ziggins in the untold number of human lives.
Now, wow, they can't be the winner tail between their legs.
We need the UN to come in here and help us out.
We don't have enough troops.
We don't have enough this.
We don't have enough money.
What a disgrace, man.
An American public is worried about armed and California.
Here's hire Leah.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
How about Al Franken?
Is the most boring big name celebrity?
Well, yeah, he's done Saturday live.
He's done movies.
I like Al Franken.
He wrote a great book.
In fact, I got a great story about that now.
This is a bush-looker this guy.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, I know.
That's why he's gone.
Completely dense Fox viewers mistakenly by New Al Franken book.
This is a great story.
Thanks to whoever sent this in.
US District Judge Danny Wellan, this is the story.
That part of the story is over because they cost the lawsuit out by Foxes, you know.
But it says preliminary sales figures and exit interviews at area bookstores in New York over the past.
We indicated that millions of Fox News viewers are too stupid to realize that Al Franken's new book is mocking them.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
The use of the Fox News trademark phrase on the cover, fair and balanced, is likely to cause confused among consumers as to the origin and sponsorship of the book Fox News.
It's not a box of Tory Danny, but I was in the lawsuit that I've tossed out.
The judge said there is no way a person not completely dense would be confused by the discover.
I mean, you'd have to be a total jackass not to get that this is a joke.
In other words, a typical Fox viewer.
Right, exactly.
The question now is where Fox Watchers too stupid to understand the obvious parody of their beloved network or just not strong enough readers to decipher the whole context of the fair and balanced phrase.
Exit interviews at area bookstores in New York shed some light on that question.
I thought Al Franken was an American hating liberal, but the pictures of the president and vice president on the cover along with the Fox slogan trick me, card carrying Republican Jonathan Andrews said.
Bill Daniel says, I'd buy anything that Fox puts its stamp on.
Bill Daniels devoted for Bush.
For instance, my underwear has the Fox logo front and center on the fly and fair and balanced right on my Tushy.
This is a joke, but yeah, obviously.
But that's okay. It's cute.
Responding to a comment by Franken that he intended with the cover to be a joke hands worth use the ridiculous but understandable conservative argument that Franken has become increasingly unfunny since he began making fun of that.
This is all a joke, but it's cute.
It's a good joke.
You know what I'm saying?
No, what?
How can he send me a piece of phony crap like that?
The town cruist thing was interesting, but obviously it's not true.
Because that would be like major, major news. He ain't coming out.
He's not of any no doubt.
It says no way.
No, how?
Here's a call from Jupiter.
Hello.
Jupiter?
Yes, sir.
Oh, hey.
I'm a 19 year old college student who's been listening to your show since about elementary school.
Thanks to my parents who hooked me on.
All right.
Excellent.
And you're still alive.
You survived it.
Yes, I have. Thank goodness.
I just want to bring to your attention.
I don't know if you heard about this, but Schwarzenegger got egg.
Did you hear about this?
Yeah, so I saw it and he, the best part of the whole thing is that he kept walking and his advisors like brushed the egg off the back of the neck.
And you might say he just kind of brushed it off, but it was great.
It's a good start.
Yeah, I just want to bring to your attention.
I'd like to see Rotten Tomatoes a couple of dozen Rotten eggs because it's let's ludicrous.
Yeah, wait for the debate.
Hopefully something will happen.
Suggestion for your poll.
I don't know if he counts as a celebrity, but that ugly I can't use the word person still henchry.
Well, he's coast to coast.
He's nationwide.
So are you sure?
Sure.
We'll put him on there.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Have a great day.
Do the same.
Phil Henry gets a bow.
He's a big name celebrity, right?
Since he's syndicated from coast to coast, from pillar to post.
Right.
He used to be a good guy, but are you?
Yeah.
Positive.
19 till noon at 560 WQ AM need to set your home fast.
Well, listen to this.
Fast cash home buyers buys houses fast.
Hasle free.
Fast cash home buyers buys houses in any condition, location for any recent whatsoever.
You need to set your house fast.
Does your house need a new roof floor and rather repairs?
Well, don't throw no money away and cost repairs.
Call Rod today at 1-866-6785 fast for a new obligation hassle for your offer.
At fast cash home buyers, they self-help you solve those house problems and say it too.
You have a vacant house.
Maybe you're tired of dealing with the problem intended.
Maybe you're going through a grotesque divorce.
Here's the thing to do.
Call fast cash home buyers.
Maybe if you're one, two, or three payments behind on your house payments.
Or you inherited a property that you'd like to unload.
Fast cash home buyers can help you with your delima.
Call Rod today at 1-866-6785 fast.
That's DiGlima and let fast cash home buyers give you peace of mind.
Fast cash home buyers double your house today and here's another good part of the deal.
You will have to pay up penny, a dime, a peso, and real estate commissions.
Call Rod today at 1-866-785 fast.
FAST for a hassle for your offer and let fast cash home buyers help you solve those house problems.
1-866-785 FAST.
Got it?
I beg your local business is 5-6-1.
You're in your zone.
You win.
The Gator.
Can't beat that Gator me.
We made a mistake.
A mission that we slank.
I cover that whole lot of theory and soil.
Yes.
Fixing that whole thing with weapons that we bring.
Still more turmoil begin into boil.
This room we're gonna get.
We stay in our time again in a lot of theory of bill.
We're gonna get a lot of money.
We're gonna get a lot of money.
We're gonna get a lot of money.
We're gonna get a lot of money.
We're gonna get a lot of money.
We're gonna get a lot of money.
We're gonna get a lot of money.
We're gonna get a lot of money.
We're gonna get a lot of money.
We're gonna get a lot of money.
We're gonna get a lot of money.
We're gonna get a lot of money.
We're gonna get a lot of money.
We're gonna get a lot of money.
We're gonna get a lot of money.
We're gonna get a lot of money.
He's a great guy.
One of the few people we really like in a building.
In fact, most of the people that we hit like poison.
Here's Mark Clair, not Clair, no jersey, yellow.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
I think I've got a winner for the bowl.
Anthony Hopkins.
Really?
He is a walking so horrific.
Believe me.
You know, I was watching a little while ago before the show started.
I was watching a little while ago before the show started.
No, no, no, I'm confusing two movies now.
Anthony Hopkins, LA and Chris Rock.
That was pretty boring.
Both those guys in one film, that's pretty boring stuff.
No, I'm serious.
They were called in incredible crap or something.
You're right.
He is boring.
Okay, thanks a lot, Palli.
Hey, see a boy, you guy, Neil.
Take care.
Okay, see you.
I like him with a red ball in his mouth or the best.
The face mask and a red ball.
In fact, I heard the Leafs are gonna sign him up.
If Eddie the Eagle falters this season, he's gonna be Leap Scully.
In fact, whatever Leafs school is gonna need a lot of armor this year
because boy, got Brian McAva's injured with a bad knee.
He's gonna be out for a long time.
Who knows?
He says it's okay.
He'll be back.
I'll be back.
They got no defense.
We're gonna sign him for you, Selming.
I think he'll bring him back with Tim Horton and the Carl Brewer.
They're both dead by the way, George.
But not for you, Selming.
What you like for you, Selming?
Who?
You like the name, though, right?
Yeah.
And he's not a harness racing driver.
We're not putting Anthony Hopkins on there, are we?
Yeah, why not?
The guy, he was in the way.
He had the most opinion, the Aburlean guy.
We've parted a guy.
We're gonna take his, what's more important for you?
Why are you knocking that guy?
What's wrong with you?
Why are you so...
No wonder we get this, see this is on the heels of too much
and George do most of the shows and I come back in a really good mood.
And I get inundated with a bunch of, of hostile, angry people.
And why?
Because George is so damn...negatory.
No, I'm not.
That guy, the Aburlean guy, is caught all the way from my turn,
who's usually on our dime, and somebody's dime passed.
But he hasn't been bothering us in a long time and see the way you make peace with somebody
is you like, I don't want to make you do that.
Shut up!
We as you train them to like, you know, be a little bit more reasonable.
You know what I'm saying?
No.
You try to let the, you know, quit whistling into my life and just be a little bit more respectful
and quit overdoing it.
That's all.
Don't be a weasel.
Nobody likes a weasel.
Am I right?
No.
Even a one on most head we can't stand, we hate it like poison.
So anyway, put it down on there and quit trying to be a dictator, okay?
What's boring about it?
You got part of that, licked.
And again, several good lines, but I better not use them.
Well, you know, I don't want to like lose the license,
but for Ralbi to want to lose the station's license, okay?
And we can also his own.
You know, he can't even afford to buy a car.
200, I think that's, so...
Well, why does he, now look, I love Scott, but the point is, why does he come to town and assume that they have an obligation to buy him a car?
What was that?
Did they ever buy me a car?
No.
No.
Did they pay my rent here?
No.
No, I pay rent up the ass here, man.
Heavy duty.
The only good thing is that there's 72 cents on the dollar, but nevertheless.
Well, why does he assume that they should be buying him a car?
Because he's a superstar.
He deserves a car.
I agree.
Who is the most boring big name celebrity?
We're getting the good list here.
They were a little slow-starting this morning because they're trying to get there.
See, I think it's fascinating.
Because always, through all the years, this show has been a reflection of South Florida and what's all a boot in the attitudes of the public and their behavior,
and is a gross test in Aberon as they are.
And now, see, but it's my mistake.
It's my bad because I really diluted myself in believing that right at Labor Day was the demarcation point,
only for people with kids in school.
That's it.
Because it's still summer for now, there's 17 days on a calendar.
So I'm thinking a lot of people probably start their vacation in a week or a few days before Labor Day, and they're gone.
This is their last gasp of the summer.
See what I'm saying?
Yep.
They want to avoid those 120-degree days and all I got, they have 45 feet of rain in their backyard.
And the mosquitoes is as big as bowling balls, which by the way, I see the West Nile virus is doing a big job there, but they're good luck to you.
I think all you people need to be quarantined next time I come back.
You may be carrying skaters in your pants.
Who's the most boring big name celebrity?
Don't I miss 85?
Van Aflach 40.
He deserves more than that.
He is, he, if you look up boring the dictionary, there's Van Aflach right there.
He just makes me nauseous.
Richard, you're 23.
Kevin, and you'll see the desperate attempt that this J-Lo and Van Aflach thing that they've been trying so hard to put over in the public and pedal their crappy movies and pedal their reputations.
It's backfire.
It's had just the opposite effect.
It's backfire.
Because up until all of this started, I could like take him or leave him.
You know, if I saw a movie with him on, like Dogmo was cute with him in Matt Damon.
You know, I was a cute movie.
And with George Carlin, right, which I interrupted myself yesterday when it was going to quote their line about how you get him while they're young, which is the motto of the church.
Right.
The motto of the Catholic church, get him while they're young.
You know where you get him in the rectum, right?
We have our buddy Jesus action figure here in the studio, you know.
All right.
Richard, you're 23.
Kevin Costner, 19.
Charles Broden, moving up good.
He's a, he's a dickhead.
16.
George Clooney, 15.
Just changed to get on me.
Harrison Ford, 13. Jeff Goldblum, 13.
Howard Stern, 30.
Are you surprised Harrison Ford's got 13?
No.
I kind of like, I think he's a great actor.
He's boring, though.
You're right. He's boring.
Rosie O'Donnell, 9.
Gloria, step on 9.
Oh, I'll tell you somebody else who's boring.
I'm going to put him on the right now myself.
Oh, is he boring?
He's a good actor, but he's very boring.
Donald Sutherland.
Oh, yeah.
The only exciting thing he ever said was, yeah!
You know, at the end of that movie.
Right?
Inversion of the body.
Inversion of the body.
Yeah.
Right.
Rosie O'Donnell, Gloria, step on 9.
Il LND, Generate, his got 8.
That bitch.
That dick.
Lisa Marie Pressley, that dick.
And that interesting, the dicks are like, asked to ask there.
Uh.
Lisa Marie's got 4.
Oh, did I mention the other day about Gerrilo on here?
I tell you that off here.
You told me off here.
Gerrilo is Cameron Diaz, his ex.
And now she picked up the pieces where Justin Tinkerbell got dumped by Brittany alleged.
Brittany liked that Madonna kiss so much they may be doing it.
And now Gerrilo is with Brittany Spears.
Now who'd like to pay $100 to watch that?
I volunteer.
Both my hands went up in a year.
They'll chip in.
Wow.
Can you even begin to imagine that?
I've already begun.
Put that damn Jessica Simpson in my boy Nikla Shay into the shame.
Watching Gerrilo Humph and Brittany, man, that would be really something.
Ooh.
The thought of it just gives me chills.
Uh.
Lisa Marie's time with piano reels.
You never see the two of them together.
Four piece.
Edward James almost two.
Ben Stiller two.
Timothy Dalton one, Jay Leno one.
Remember the way I were nearer.
You used to say that Jay Leno.
I don't.
Yeah.
I liked the nearer.
He was a good guy.
Jay Leno won Steven Segal won.
Phil Henry won.
He used to be a good guy.
Larry King won.
No votes if he's on Karli, John Travolta or Anthony Hopkins.
But he just went up there and George says he shouldn't be on your visit with a guy.
What's wrong with it?
What's wrong with Anthony?
Well, it's not a question of my opinion or your opinion.
Didn't I question when a guy said that?
Did I say you really are you serious?
Are you sure?
Did I say?
Are you sure?
I said that.
Yeah.
And then we thought out who it was.
But I.
Oh, you are impossible.
Man, God.
No wonder your mother hates you.
Here's my.
Here's your wife too.
Here's my Annie.
Hello.
And your daughters.
Miami.
Hello.
Hello.
Go ahead.
Uh, most boring celebrity.
Is this call, man?
Is this call?
Oh, my God.
I almost fell off the chair on the floor.
You know, I understand it's wanting to be a little bit slow, which is the soft-footed effin way.
But my God.
Was that guy the epitome of boring?
Huh.
He was more boring than Joseph Gackie.
Now, the difference being that Joseph is the good guy.
Here's Boyton Beach, huh?
Hey, how you doing?
Yeah.
Pretty good.
I got a real winner here.
Who is it?
Who is it?
Yeah.
I like that.
Good choice.
I agree.
I don't have any idea what the big deal is with him.
What's the big stimulus with Woody Allen?
I think that he was banging a 13-year-old stepdaughter.
How old was she?
10?
Yeah.
No, no, whatever the hell it was.
But that's about all you could say.
That was exciting about him.
But other than that, he is.
Well, why is he so big?
Well, what's the other movies were funny in their day?
Like what?
Annie Hall.
But Annie Hall.
Never saw it.
Annie Hall was funny.
If you only need to watch one.
Yeah.
And all the rest of them are just, and Sleeper was good to him.
Yeah.
That's it.
But he's boring.
He's boring.
That's, that, he's got a lot of votes.
Thank you very much.
That's a very good choice.
You see, once we got the ball rolling, the balls rolling on this.
As Humphrey Bogart would say, once we got to steal balls rolling.
And I did have strawberries this morning for breakfast before the show.
Yeah, kind of.
They're good for his strawberries.
Yes, they are.
In fact, what that was, oh, and you know what else they claim?
I mentioned this last week.
The dark chocolate thing.
But don't eat too much because, man, when it comes out, it comes out just like it goes in.
Dark.
But, uh, and chocolate.
And what are those?
And the other thing was the red wine, which they now sing.
If you drink a little, how much is it?
Like three ounces of red wine every day.
Like increases your lifespan.
Right.
A few days ago.
No, it does.
Right.
And if you drink dry wine, it's only got a very limited number of carbs.
See, I always was a version to drink and wine because I thought with my diabetes that
was like bad for you.
Normally, yes.
But I'm going to start sucking on some red wine, some dry red wine.
Wasn't that a Neil Diamond song?
Dry red wine?
Dry the wine?
Of course, you can eat your crackling roll.
What a shame about Edward.
You know, I had such.
Sorry.
And don't get me wrong.
I'm glad I saw it.
I'm glad it finally showed up here.
And I saw it a couple weeks ago.
But, uh, you gave it such a gigantic buildup.
I didn't like it.
No, I'm not saying I don't like it.
But it was just, it was just too ponderous.
It just went two hours of the same thing.
It's not a slow middle.
No, no, it's not a question of whether it was faster or slower.
The question is whether it was the same thing over and over again.
It was like a one note Johnny man.
Depth.
And I love Johnny Depth.
Boy, even as 40, I still like to.
That night, me.
Eddie.
Help me, Eddie.
Help me, Eddie.
Well, I see the thing with me.
I'm just such a big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big fan.
He was, he was phenomenal.
Mm-hmm.
The thing with Dracula, his eyes, just the eyes.
Forget about all the other stuff, you know.
But he had that look, you know, on Helsing.
Come here, you know.
Just, that's one of the great movies of all time.
And he's pumped with El Doreno.
Love him 57.
And of course, they think Dracula was like, you know who really bugs me?
Peter Cushing.
Why?
Because he always was like, uh, he was like the ripen off everybody else.
You know, he was Dracula.
He was Frankenstein.
He was, he was something there.
He was Sherlock Holmes.
He had that contract.
I got news for him.
And my little dog, who's now in a, uh, just nothing but dust in a box somewhere, my little
dog was more like Sherlock Holmes than Peter Cushing or Thomas.
Love him 58 at 560 W.M.V.I.P. sportsbook.com.
As South Florida's best sportsbook make no mistake of voted.
Because this time of the year when football gets going heavy duty, I'll tell you how heavy duty is.
We even got Bino with Hank this afternoon.
We're all wondering, you know what we're wondering?
What?
Why?
Anyway, most of these sportsbooks are full of crap.
99% of these bookies are located in the jungles of Costa Rica with the Bug Man.
This year move up in class to VIPsportsbook.com.
It's the oldest and the largest sportsbook in the Netherlands, 100% legal and licensed as well.
And boy do I love the needle inser what?
I had a little bad moment there once or twice, but it's a hell of a place.
So you can trust those folks over there.
They know their crap.
Listen to me and call VIPsportsbook.com right now at 1-866 VIP bets.
Because VIPsportsbook.com is South Florida's best sportsbook make no mistake.
Sign up now.
You can bet all year long on a South Florida football basketball team's juice free all year long.
You want to bet on the dolphins?
It's 100 to 100 and you will win this week unless you're full.
How many points are you laying this week?
About 30, man.
What about the hurricanes?
It's 100 to 100, so forget about the vigorous.
All signups get a 20% cash bonus, not some funny money match play bonus.
VIPsportsbook.com online is where you find them online or call them at this toll free number.
1-866 VIP bets and get prepared for a whole season of plunging your guts out with confidence and peace of mind.
Call again 1-866 VIP bets and be sure and tell me your heard about it on the ancient neo-riders show on QAM.
VIPsportsbook.com where you be the VIP.
We're sports video feces.
QAM.
This is Steve Goldstein, but you can call me Daly.
Whenever I'm in town, I listen to, wait a minute, I am in town.
It's the 12th of one hour.
Stop the butt.
We've taken now behind the scenes as Arnold Schwarzenegger meets with political advisors.
How about I say something like, I want to make California strong again by returning back and then going forward to the future.
That's good. It's very important though, aren't you? That know whatever you say.
It has to make a lot of sense. It's got a hit heart.
That's why I should say something like, I want to make California the entertainment capital of the world bringing back the economy and moving forward.
Arnold, how it already is the entertainment capital.
Even better, it's already happening and I'm only thinking it.
Wow. Well, how about the energy crisis, Arnold? Hey, smart man. There is no energy crisis in California. That was New York. What's wrong with you?
I don't care about New York. It's California. California.
There's a major energy problem. Not here. My step to the moon's stair climber is fine. I have power.
Let's go back to bringing California into the future. That's a good position. Now, Alex, I'll create you want to do that.
Let's think about that. I want to take it forward. Good. Not backwards. All right. I'm going forward.
Should you mention, Gray Davis? Who's that? You know, the guy you're recalling. I didn't call anyone. I've been working here with you.
Oh, Gray Davis. What do you want to say about Gray Davis? Gray Davis is not from California. He was the dancer from the red pack. I'm not going to make fun of him.
What are you talking about? The patch guy from Ocean's Nine. You mean Ocean's Eleven. I don't see the sequel. I don't think sequels have any merit at all.
You're talking about Sammy Davis. We're talking about Gray. All you do is sequels, too, by the way. Hey, I don't do sequels.
I'm talking about taking California to the future and taking down that big white sign that says Hollywood. We need a new sign says, Hollywood.
No, that's not going to fly. You're fired. You're fired. Oh, I love you. You like my idea now, Army would sign. That's a great idea.
A great idea. California's future is above the Army world. Get into the future. Get into the future. I'm back. I'm not back. Not back. Hey.
Come on. Four or five sixty W. Q. M. It's our big noon to one hour. There ain't going to be no big one to two hour today because we got the Marlins game. Look at out of this log.
Who's this bitch that's making the log these days? But that must be retarded. What? If that event event. You may be a very nice person, but man, you are inept. Of course you had a good teacher. I'm sure.
But look at it. 1239 hard ball with question mark, question mark. Chris Matthews is who it is. I mean, what's wrong with you, honey? She must not watch. He must not watch too much TV.
Hard ball with the crow. Five six seven. Oh, eight five sixty. And people wonder how guilty is on the year with that voice and how the beast can be on here. And we had the crow on the year.
And the best part of the whole deal. You know what I see a lot of similarity between the honorable thing and the fact that we had the crow on the year war and chroma.
First of all, neither of them can speak English. That's number one. And secondly, neither one of them should could possibly be taken seriously for even a moment.
You see the parallel there. But no matter what you do, it's like, oh, yeah, well, he's pretty good. You know, and then of course there was that certain racial element to it that the some of our dark folks out there.
Some of our thin skin black skin. No, what I'm talking about. No, what? They're the wow. You know, here you're just not going to him because he's a brother. We ought to have some people on here. Yeah, we'd like to have some dark skin people on here. They could speak. You know, we could find somebody articulate. You know, like, like what's his name on 60 minutes at Bradley, right? Right. I know somebody who is dark and can throw a stratford. No, that's not who I was thinking. Who you thinking? Oh, man. He's in town. Well, they already tried that Pete Bouldier has floated that idea and all the sponsors said, we don't think so. Pete. Oh, okay.
You floated. Just just thinking out loud. Here's plantation. Hello. Oh, God. Here is a pop it. Oh, hello.
Daniel. Yes, sir. I think I got it. The spokesperson for Sominix, David Covney. Oh, he is terminally and ugly. Thanks, pal. You know, remember, I read that thing that one. Of course, I didn't even know how to pronounce his name because I don't watch that awful show.
Right. We're all like ween slime on it. Me either. But the, the, the tablets that hunk, David, the company, hunk, hunk, a what? Hunk of crap. Everybody on, everybody on TV is a hunk. Right. Is either a diva, a goddess, a hunk, a, a hunk of something.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. It sounds like the chief channel people are getting a lot of calls in today. You know, that must be where these people are. Man, probably Pete Bouldier's boyfriend. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Daniel. Yes, sir. Kevin Doddner. Already on there, pal. Thanks to late. Who is the most boring big name celebrity, where I was going today? Don, I'm his 93. He's got more than double the next competitor. How do you like that? The I man? You know who really bugs me? Yeah. He's kind of like the bird of that. I'm a show. Is that news guy? He's a good newsman. He's got a great voice. He's a good newsreader. You know, no, no, he says a suck whole. Well, I man. Yeah. Oh, geez. You know, what is this? What is this? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm
nice to just come on one morning saying hey, listen you, daughtering old fool before you fall out of the chair. Why don't you just go home and retire, you know? Right. I'm his 93 Ben,
Affleck, 45, who's also a clear, a clear, clear, clear second. It's your year. Who's also a clear, a third, he's got 26.
Kevin Cobster, 21 Charles. Growing 18. A knowing, not just boring, but really annoying, grating on your nerves, a real, you know. He reminds me. I give him a mic.
probably ought to be on the list but he's not nobody knows who he is except the
sports nerd Keith Olberman. Scott Jr. there knows who that is. Yes. Because he
used to be on ESPN and he was on Fox Sports that he was on MSNBC that he was
on Fox News. Now he's back on MSNBC. Here is a guy who thinks that his
stuff don't stink man. He thinks he is God's greatest gift to the media, to the
human race and he has that very serious tone and look on his face and he looks
at you like like Erwin Ward that he orders is going to be like Earthshaking.
Erwin thought that he expresses that comes out of his big stupid mouth is
going to be like a monumental you know. He never says a guy damn thing. You talk
about a self-absorbed asshole. It's Keith Olberman. But he ain't on our list but
we'll have to make do with what's his name Charles Grown with 18 votes.
Harrison Ford 16, Howard Stern 15, George Clooney 15, Jeff Goldblum 13,
Gloria Estefan, that bitch she's tied with the Rosio Donald 10. Ellen DeGeneretz
right on both of their ass with eight. Can't arrive seven. Lee Simmery with five
with Ellen with five Stevens. The Gal four. Larry King four and he just went on
there moments ago Larry Edward James almost three Ben still has got a pair.
Jay Leno's only got one Phil Henry one only one vote for Phil. Are you sure?
Sean Conrad one and Timothy don't want still no votes for Anthony Hopkins
Donald Sutherland or John Traulton. How come John and we haven't got David
to go anywhere with the Ellen honor yet. But we will Eric Will. Look at around
what or else. How come David Sutherland don't have any votes.
Don't know whatever his name is. What's his kid's name? Keep keep
Sutherland. He's also you know right keeper. You keeper. No throw them back. I've
seen him. He's also very boring and he looks a lot like daddy. He looks like a
young guy. Not quite as boring version. A little bit more boring. He'll get
there. But I do like when daddy says yeah like that at the end of the
year. Oh it isn't that great. I love it. Oh fabulous. Five six seven oh five
sixty. Here's a call from Manhattan that says New York. Hello. I am. I pretty
good. Washington should definitely be on the way. Good choice. Not even any
facial expression. Good choice. Thank you. Sure. And have a great day. Who?
Then so Washington. Oh yeah. He just like you know he's just there. I'm not saying
he's a bad actor but he's just just there. It's the expression on this face
never ever changes. Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
Verizon. I got to get this story on. Group of women seeks right to bear
breast as men can. And of course the men are saying. Oh right. Yeah. When is that
start? I'm all for it. This is from the Orlando Sentinel. It says those
that there are all sorts of reasons why women might like to go topless wherever
man can. Jan Larson, France and B. Sainte. There's the comfort, the convenience, and
even just the fact that if it's okay for men, why not for women? These are only
some of the reasons France and her friends filed a federal lawsuit yesterday in
Orlando in the big. Oh. It's really hot. I'm working out in the garden. I'm not
supposed to take off my shirt but my husband can said France and it lives in
Melbourne. That happens to you enough times and it starts to have an emotional
impact. It makes you angry. It makes you fired up and pissed off. It makes your
even angrier that are 14 year old daughters treated differently now that she
has breasts and that women everywhere suffer from sexual abuse and harassment
doing part to those breasts. The very laws that demand women cover their
breasts and fabrics. She said help eroticize body parts. Not all their
different from male counterpart. Just bigger. That's all. Usually bigger. All
of your dresses. He can be most of the women. And with Joe said the other day, he's
the white Peter. Yeah. Said he's got.
So France in 46 her daughter and eight friends 170s are suing Brevard County to
overturn its anti-Newtony or anti-Newtony ordinance as well as two state
statutes that banned displaying the female breast in public. They're not
strippers or nudist or thrill seekers. They just convince the laws violate
their 14th Amendment guarantees of due process and equal protection because of
having to cover their breasts in places at times and at times when men don't
cover their breast to suit states. Plain gifts and all other women and girls
are afflicted with a badge of second-class citizenship. The County
ordinance has was passed in part in response to nude sunbathing at Plyle in
the beach in Canaveral National Seasure. That's where France and his husband
Marvin, France, and was arrested during a 1995 nude protest of the
ordinance. Jan France and Senator, Pratt on successfully to get the laws
overturned state courts before returning to the federal system asked whether
she expects to win the suit. She says if I didn't believe that I wouldn't be
doing it. A change has to start somewhere in this a very good place to start.
Most of us will never give up until the day we die. Look she said over half our
population are women but some people are so conservative they're afraid
themselves. They don't know what they might do if they see a naked breast. Nice
go and you go girl. Anybody with a brain wants to see a naked breast. Even an old
bag like me can see a really hot-looking naked breast. It's wrong with that.
Nothing. And I don't get like stimulated by it. I do that for you. Okay? Well I
mean I might see a guy at the beach when his shirt off and get stimulated
because he's got a great body. So what's wrong with that? That's right. I'm not
talking about he pitched the 10th in his pants like that guy on our website. I'm
just talking in general. No but you will. I will what? Pitch at top of 10. My
pants you never see it. 12 minutes past noon at QAM.
9 4 and批 higher.
12 to 12 but 6 UAM
Hello. Starting right now.
No. Now the Aflac casting call. All right Tom Broca.
Pastor discussed lid.
A flag.
Uh, again Tom?
A flag.
Uh, one more time Tom.
A flag.
I'm losing a second part. One more.
A flag.
Next.
My Tyson.
My Tyson.
Yes, my Tyson.
My Tyson.
Stop saying what I'm saying.
I pay well pay.
Have that.
Again.
Again.
Have that.
Next.
Jesse Jackson.
A flag.
Uh, the flag.
Uh, Jesse, I'm sorry, but the duck is white.
Next.
Woody Allen.
She's not something to duck the talks.
Stay to the script, Mr. Allen.
It's crazy.
It's insanity.
Great to lie, please.
Why would a duck speak?
Next.
The great Sean Connery, sir.
How welcome, sir.
Welcome.
Welcome, sir.
Just read the line, please.
Ah, fuck.
Excuse me, sir, again.
Ah, fuck.
Sir, I'm sorry.
That second part of the line I don't...
I'm simply playing half fuck.
Next.
Oh, God.
I guess we got Gilbert Gottfried over here.
All right.
Give it to me, Gilbert.
I fly.
I won't more time, Gilbert.
I fly.
Well, Gilbert, I pretty much hate you.
And I think you're terrible, but you're the close thing we got.
You got the job.
From 1965 to 1960, WDQ.
Now, what does this say?
How am I going to how am I going to?
Rush to put Russia on the pool.
Oh, Rush Limbaugh.
That's a good choice.
Showdown.
I mean, talk about pontificating to the point of T-DM.
And boring and ponderous and a real piece of cram.
Rush Limbaugh.
Get him on, Eric.
Whatever your name is.
Andy and Miami says this is a different Andy thing for this.
Yeah, I don't have anyone boring to add to your list.
I do have a shameless request.
Since you're breaking early for the baseball game, could you please play the Marlins baseball song?
It's by far one of your funniest bits.
I don't know which one he's talking about.
We got to take me out to the Marlins.
Right.
We have the Freakin Marlins or something like that.
The Freakin Marlins.
Then we got Marlins baseball.
I see, I don't know which one he's talking about.
Marlins baseball.
What?
The one that says Marlins baseball.
How do you know that?
I'm psychic.
That's all for Neal today.
The Marlins have to play.
I'm sure Neal doesn't mind going home.
No.
Now two more baseball holes.
And here, a team that blows as the rest of us with lives turn off the radio.
It's by far one of their baseball.
It's boring and it's easy.
Marlins baseball.
And such a goddamn pity.
Design for those who don't like to think.
And get excitement from recocking the sink.
It's by far one of their baseball.
Now what gives a f***?
Okay.
Well, on that note.
I'm not going to play the whole thing.
We gave Andy a little taste.
The addition was that echo chamber we got in there on the blue.
That was pretty awesome.
Anyway, it says it's one of your funniest bits.
I also noticed the freeway in spigot, but spigot says absolutely.
Absolutely.
Just like Mo.
Love your show.
And George's great says Andy in Miami.
Looks like George's handwriting.
56670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Hey Neal.
Yes, sir.
Hey, do you guys have some guts or something on that?
No, we don't.
What a spectacular choice.
In fact, you know what?
Yeah.
How come?
Now, I'm writing him down right now because he is not only boring,
but incredibly stupid, but how come we haven't put Arnold on yet?
Oh, that's a good one too.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Thanks.
See you.
How about Arnold?
Get him on there right away.
Arnold's part, nigga.
Got him?
Yeah, as soon as I type it out, it only takes an hour to type a thing.
Okay, just relax.
We're not trying to put any pressure on you here,
but you got about 10 seconds times up.
That's it.
Slice the lawn.
Arnold's thoughts, nigga.
How many ends in that?
However many you want to put in, okay?
They'll know who it is.
They're all into Arnold in California.
They're all into that now because they find it so amusing and amazing that Florida is usually
the laughing stock of the world, but now it's California.
Even just the way he says it, it's, I mean, he can't even say it right.
He's just illiterate.
He's a moron.
He hasn't got any.
And then this is the best part of the whole deal.
He's really surrounded up there with Warren Buffett and billionaire.
And here's George Schultz, the right-wing asshole.
And they're taking him seriously.
And then what really puts you over the edges, that brilliant political analyst Rob Lowe,
a man who supported the two-foot tall Michael Dukaka from President in 88, Rob Lowe,
a closet queen if there ever was one with his wife and 45 kids,
right off the bat, Rob Lowe is jumping on the Arnold Schwarzenegger for Governor of California,
bad way.
That's your commence me, man, that there should be a crime.
And it's just, I don't know, just don't think about it.
You'll feel better, you know what I'm saying?
I just pretend none of these things are happening.
You'll live longer and feel better.
One good piece of news.
Let's hear some good news, Neil.
All right, got it.
Well, we've got two pieces of good news.
One we get out of here an hour early.
But even more important, Paul Hill's dead.
Oh, that's her.
All right.
All right.
Stark, Stark's Florida.
A former minister, Turn Killer, Paul Hill was executed by lethal injection last evening
in Florida State Prison, becoming the first American put to death for anti-abortion violence.
Oh!
Hill 49 was pronounced dead at 6.08 p.m.
His last words were a call to arms for abortion opponents.
He said, if you believe abortion is a lethal force, you should oppose the force and do what you have to do stop it.
He said calmly, lying beneath a white sheet and strapped to a gurney.
May God help you to protect the unborn as you would want to be protected, he said, as he hugged a fetus.
A moment later, Florida State Prison Warden Joe Thompson gave the order to begin the lethal injection.
Hill remains still his eyelids fluttering slightly, his chest heaved, and he exhaled audibly.
A minute later, he stopped moving.
He's dead.
Hill's ominous final statement was preface by a thunder clap, which echoed just as the curtain of glass-plated death chamber
pardoned, allowing 15 official witnesses and 14 reporters to viewers last moments.
Now, was this one thunder clap newman by any chance?
Oh, could be.
Because definitely, there's something in the ear.
Witnesses include a Hill spiritual advisor, the member of Dom.
Oh, this is to...
Oh!
I have nowhere you're going.
What?
Can you see the name?
No, please.
His spiritual advisor, the Reverend Donald Spitt, had landed based on turning Michael Hirsch in a relation to Sonny or Mitch.
Oh, too bad Mitch was not the gurney with Paul Hill.
Oh, my God, I have visions of sugar plums that's in my head.
Oh, yeah, we can have a tooper.
They're having to sail at pennies.
Two from one execution.
Oh, Paul, could we just have seen Mitch Hirsch's bald head strapped right next to the Paul Hill?
Just have a strap on.
Celia said, hers used to work pretty good.
567-0560-0560-08.
That was a man, one seriously.
I'll kick inside.
Celia Cruz, that was definitely a drag queen there.
There can't be no mistake about it.
I know the Cubans have a lot of confusion in these things, the general identity deal, the whole thing.
But that was a guy.
That was the world's numero uno drag queen, make no mistake.
Oh, great.
Wow.
Could she belt it out or what?
1225, see this, this is what you're dealing with.
You're dealing with a bunch of crazy people, you know.
Remember what she did?
You had the misfortune of making some intemperate comments on the year.
Yeah.
And here come the death threats and the hostile old who?
We're going to get you ass off and dare you say that.
Well, he said it because that's a business opinion.
Okay, we are.
That's very un-uncuban-minded in South Florida.
The idea that some of you can actually express an opinion if they don't happen to like it,
or wasn't specifically approved by the anti-Fidel mafia.
Right.
But whatever, you know.
That happened.
And it's not even an opinion.
It's the fact that she looked like a guy and was grotesque.
And looked like a drag queen.
And probably had a huge strap on package no doubt.
20 or six past noon at five, six of your irreverent station QAM.
Right.
Local.
New sports radio five, six, QAM.
QAM.
She was a community icon.
In a community that needs an icon.
As far as I can tell, she was the fantastic iconoplastic Celia Roo.
And you know, records presents her dulcid bulipiwa sounds of Celia Roo.
She's dead, you know.
Oh, she was so beautiful.
She's dead, you know.
She's dead, you know.
If I were married, I'd say dead.
If you were sweet, sweet, sweet.
I'd be happy if I were sweet.
Feel your groove.
Feel your soul for tools for you.
Available now at Fit Teasters.
Use CD and Boyam.
Angry Holy O'Recker, this is my favorite label, you know.
You've talked 31 to 560 WK.
Remember I had for you before the show this morning talking about the pizza man story?
Right.
And on CNN said, FBI says pizza man had another weapon as they scurry to cover their ass.
Right.
But anyway,
Oh, there's a new story that just I just printed out here the latest.
Those who knew pizza man doubt he planned bank robbery.
Living in a rented cottage with hand-beat on furniture and three cans, Brian Douglas Wells was content to deliver pizzas 27 hours a week.
And spent much of his free time listening to a stereo.
Money say his friends never meant much to him.
That's why people in the new wells can't believe he could have mastered any bank house.
Heist especially applaud his bizarre as the one the 46 year old Lurman's been linked to for a week.
FBI agents and other law enforcement officials have been trying to determine what happened to Wells who died last Thursday.
Oh, I know what happened to be died.
Yeah.
After robbing a bank near Eury, when a bomb headed over his chest and hanging from a locked middle collar on his neck exploded.
Tating with police to help him get the bomb off Wells total 30s have been forced to rob the bank indicating somebody else had clashed with the bomb to him.
A 30s have been trying to finger out whether the story was true or whether Wells had played a more willing part in the robbery.
Sure.
His friends and neighbors are firmly in their belief that Wells was a victim.
He had a different set of values that his landlord Linda Payne were rid of the white cottage beyond her home to the unmarried Wells for five years.
While Wells family members refused to speak publicly others described him as a quiet man of average intelligence kind of like like that.
Friendly and willing to help with chores from picking up mail to shoveling snow in the winter.
So there you go. Believe what you will. Do we believe the FBI? No way. No chance.
Always covering their ass. Like when they say who killed a president with Kennedy got shot almost doing cock robbing you know.
Oh by the way there's that book I haven't even mentioned this yet. What else in any of that book that says LBJ done it?
I that's one of the many new books we got to get we got to get the Al Franken book I got to get right.
Got to get the one about LBJ and the plot how he financed it and planned it and set the whole thing up.
I think the book you're talking about Neil is the cult 6000 by James L Roy.
By L Roy a herch. I'll watch that crazy legs herch or was that L Roy face L Roy face a one for all of us games of the pirates who raw in 1960 before you were born.
Okay what's the name of the book again please? The cold 6000. The cold 6000.
Yep 6000 days in the 60s in America. And what's the author's name is what L Roy herch?
L Roy James. Sunny herch L Roy James. Okay I'm got it down. Thanks. Sunny Kuala Lone.
Sunny Kuala Lone. Oh and that's he's gonna give me started with that stuff.
Mama Mama me.
Which is not a good idea because we don't be having lots of time we got that stupid ballgame coming up.
Get out there and support the marvelous with that stupid ballgame.
Here's a call from sunrise. Hello.
I do it Neil. Pretty good. I have a good one added to this. How about Mariah Carey?
You know excellent trust. He is phenomenally boring.
Read and put your kiss and playboy and share a little snack.
Right. Okay. Okay whatever you just said.
Which I dumped and I'm sure you did.
Okay it's uh.
What are you gonna do? Nice college boy.
They want to get mixed up in the family business and now you want to gun down a police cap and want.
Cause he slapped you in the face a little bit. What do you think this is the army where you shoot him a mile away?
You got to get him close like this. The big your blood.
Brands all over your nice side relief suit. Come here.
You're taking a very personal. You're taking this very personal.
So I didn't know because I have that movie actually in the other room. I haven't watched it yet.
I didn't know Mariah Carey was in the snatch.
She is. Get around the list Mariah Carey. She's really scary.
And might even be a little bit hairy out of the pits.
She's got that one large breast in the middle of her chest can't sing for Schmidt and beside that.
She just won't take no for an answer. You know, I know people like that.
She won't take no for an answer.
There are and the world is saying her hey your music sucks.
We don't like you. Luis Miguel said get lost bitch.
How you can and just because you look like a guy.
I'm gonna be that confused.
Whatever happened to Luis Miguel besides his ass got real fat.
He's still got the best voice in the world no matter what George says.
But it doesn't like.
No, you don't you don't like him as much as you should because he's Mexican Italian.
No, I don't like him because he doesn't sing any good songs.
Oh, that's terrible thing to say doesn't sing any good song.
What was wrong with us that came to Alfetus?
Your meat is and it can't be this right with it.
Well, you like that song?
I don't want to talk to you.
Okay. I mean he can't he can't he's no limp biscuit.
No, he's not.
Thank God.
Although Mariah said he was occasionally limp.
That's probably because he was looking at her.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, good afternoon. How are you?
When it's time days to you, amigo.
I got a call for you, list.
How about Ben's the pine and let's not forget Mohawar David.
Okay.
She wanted you have to add the big name.
You know, big name.
He's more Howard David a big name.
So I know, but Ben's time was good.
I hate Ben's time.
He's boring.
He talks like this.
He's got a lot of money.
Nobody cares.
Oh, geez. He is to plus.
He's the right wing answer.
He's a bush.
Look here.
Wow.
That's a good choice.
Or two bad.
You messed it up.
That's absolutely.
But that's okay.
We've put him on there, but he ain't no big name.
He's small potatoes.
He's like Frankie Pentangely, small potatoes.
In fact, remember what happened to Frankie Pentangely?
That's right.
He saved everybody else the grief.
Maybe Mo could save the QM family all of that grief by going home and taking a nice bath.
Does he have a brother?
I don't care how many take-off, you know, what grease ball, gumbas come out of the woodware.
I know how many are coming out of the woodware.
23-1.
We got the Marlon pregame show at one o'clock.
We got the Pirates in the Marlins at P.P. Park right up the street.
The Hershey R.
We're there from the radio station.
Farrell's going to be there.
Go ahead over there and see what he's doing.
See old 34 C.
Take a look at that rack.
Take a look at that rack in his package.
For whatever you want, OK.
I know somebody who ain't going to be out there who is really becoming a real celebrity in his own mind at the ball games.
Who used to be sitting right there with Scott Jr.
Sitting.
Oh.
Maybe he will be out there.
Maybe he's got a lot of time on his hands.
He's got some free tickets.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
What is this?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
OK.
The most boring William Shatner.
He's pretty boring, yeah.
That's very boring.
He's got anything.
Not as boring as your voice, but I'll put him on it.
Well, even now what he's not supposed to do, I'm not putting him on it.
He's not boring.
He can't even sing.
And it's a joke.
Don't you have any sense of humor?
No.
It's a joke.
He knows he can't sing for Christ's sake.
What's wrong with you, man?
I like William Shatner.
Does he like him?
He's a pep.
He's got a sense of humor.
I mean, so his wife had a little bit of a problem, but...
William Shatner is recording of Lucy and the Sky with Diamonds.
Who's voted the worst Beatles cover of all time.
And now the Fat Former Captain Kirk has a whole CD of Fat Four covers.
It's Shatner Warp's The Beatles.
Fanny, you can drive my God at Warp's Speed, Mr. Zulu.
You know I'm going to be a star.
I hear they, my friends back, T.J. Hooker, and maybe I'll love you.
Pick up a copy of Shatner Warp's The Beatles and set your CD player on stun with this cover of Don't Let Me Down.
Don't let me down!
Like, priceline.com, but they stop advertising.
I'll get you price line.
You'll need to call Rescue 911 when I'm with you.
Who? You can explore the galaxy and never find a collection of Beatles songs performed as poorly as only William Shatner can.
It's Shatner Warp's The Beatles.
When I find myself in times of financial trouble, I just appear in Star Trek conventions and make 10 grand just for shaking hands for the bunch of people taste cakes.
But then again, they are mine.
That sits the Beatles cover album that boldly goes where no Beatles cover album has gone before, unless you count those crappy versions Leonard Nimoy did.
It's Shatner Warp's The Beatles.
Let it be. Let it be. Let it be. Let it be.
I like William Shatner, I put him on her and he's not nearly as boring as you are, Collar.
Funny what? So one at 5.60. Q.A. I'm 187 votes.
I was also thinking one day, remind me some day, not too soon because if we do to many of these boring polls, the audience will say, that's really boring.
How about the most boring politician in America?
The two that immediately come to mind, Al Gore and Julie Berman.
Oh, Julie Berman, such a whiner.
There's no rock group that Marilyn Manson and those lyrics are so disgraceful.
Oh, brother.
I'll be honest with you, at least Arnold is creating some excitement, even though he's an idiot and illiterate.
At least there's some excitement and humor involved. There's nothing funny about Julie Berman. He's disgraceful.
Hello.
Don I'm as 101 the most boring big name celebrity in the universe, the Iman.
Hey, Iman. You will I, Iman?
Just touch him on the shoulders. If he, I will say the only way they know he's alive, he still keeps snapping that gum.
That's why we don't know he's alive.
The head doesn't move, the body don't move, but the gum keeps chomping.
That Aflac 53, terminal Richard Gear 28, Kevin Costard 24, Charles Groden 22.
I'm surprised I made people even know who he is. I'm glad they know because now they'll be, you know, they'll stay the hell away.
Howard Stern 21, Harrison Ford 21.
George Clooney 18.
Rosio Donald 14, Jeff Goldleham 13.
Gloria Estefan 11.
Kiana Reeves 10.
Woody Allen 9. Lisa Marie Pressley 8. She's had with L&D Generate.
Larry King's got seven. You're moving up, Larry.
Uh-huh.
Steven Segal 4 tied with Rush Limbaugh 4. Old pompous rush.
Terminal only morons listen to that crap.
Oh, brother.
Talk about a one note, uh, Rushy.
Edward James almost three.
Ben Stiller 3, Timothy Dalton 2, Sean Cottery 1, Phil Henry 1, David DeCovny 1, Jay Leno 1.
And no votes yet for Anthony Hopkins. Say I told you, why'd you about to put it on there?
John Travolta 9, Donald Sutherland, no votes?
What's that?
Can you believe that?
Yeah, he's so worried they forgot all about it.
Oh, but don't take a member when you went like that almost as loud as Eric up there in Orlando.
Then's a Washington slice the loan Arles for it's Nigger Mariah Carey don't have any votes out of 394 yet.
I just knocked me over the feathered us.
Here's a call from beautiful Broward somewhere. Hello.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
Good. What about that one of the asshole Dr. Phil?
Oh, he's not a wannabe asshole. He's a real asshole.
Well, there you go. That guy. He's not saying.
You know something?
You know, sir, I wish you'd have called it earlier because I think he's the winner.
Oh, God, I'm changing one. If he ever becomes famous, I'll kill myself.
Okay, thanks.
Promise?
No, that's a good choice. Dr. Phil.
Oh, my God. That's boring voice and that boring look on his push and just monotony.
Never any monotony. Don't we have that talk to a new Dr. Phil?
Yeah, it's in there somewhere. It's on the best of I think.
Oh, no, no, no, I said the new Dr. Phil, but you sure is all don't got it.
You haven't got squat there, man.
You're just talk about wannabe.
You got a bunch of old retread stuff. That's because you keep trying to find those things online.
It's got like a search party trying to find it.
And one question. If Boca Brindslissin, which I'm sure he is in between buying several houses,
how come because you notice now H.C. and is finally starting to put the bush bashing stuff on there?
This is because it's become fashionable and acceptable now.
But how come they haven't put on weapons of mass destruction?
Which I don't care what anybody says is the greatest song perity of all time.
I know why. Why is that? They're posse.
Why? What about what how much I played two or three other ones today?
They're ripping them a major ass.
Not enough.
They're ripping them a major big disgusting goofy ass.
Well, I don't want to put anything too good on there.
See, I just played this the other day, which I'll play an after the break.
When men cheat, Dr. Phil, don't you remember her now?
Sure. It's a real hoot.
My and loco. This is 4256.
Way to do it.
The G-string up here. I'll do it.
Congratulations. Get a life.
We're talking today about why men cheat.
I've just done it because it felt good at the time.
I didn't think about it and I didn't concern myself with my wife.
She just got boring, so I got to run and ran.
And I'm above reproach on that.
If you want to chase women, you'll do it.
So what about Alan and Aaron here?
She's pregnant.
Do you want this marriage to work?
More than anything.
Are you willing to allow him to cheat?
Yeah, everything.
Do you believe that you can look your fiance in the eye and say,
I want that instead of you and go do it?
Definitely.
And you get it.
You get women.
Yes.
Do it in front of her.
More with Alan and Aaron in just a moment.
I'm almost in a coma.
I'm in a coma.
I'm in a second.
I'm in a second.
I'm in a second.
I'm in a second.
I'm in a second.
I'm in a second.
I'm in a second.
I'm in a second.
I'm in a second.
I'm in a second.
I'm in a second.
I'm in a second.
I'm in a second.
I'm in a second.
I'm in a second.
I'm in a second.
I'm in a second.
I'm in a second.
I'm in a second.
I'm in a second.
I'm in a second.
I'm in a second.
I'm in a second.
I'll be right back in a green hero, a meyopic view.
But looking at the local Doppler, where the radar in the Sun
Central website, there's a blob over the Everglades, but it looks like it's
moving to the west.
It just changed.
It's way west of higher layer.
It's not a big blob.
In fact, it's probably at the beast.
On this way to Naples to follow a complaint.
But there's nothing around.
Other than that, it's like pristine and clean rhymes with queen.
One of the nicest things I've ever seen.
There's no excuse.
What's the temperature?
It's about 96, 7, 190, 600 and some.
About 30, man.
130.
But so take along a fan or something.
I don't know.
Who's something?
I'm serious.
I think it's embarrassing because today it's feral.
They out there at the ballpark.
The Marlins are what?
What is the record?
74 and 63?
Is that right skydower by out of control here?
You're right on the money.
11 games over 500.
They're tied with a release for the wild car lead.
And then nationally they got a good chance at making a playoffs.
And of course keep in mind when they made the playoffs in 97 and 1 to world
World Series.
And then Wayne sold all the team.
But nevertheless, I mean, if you want to be known in that town,
I realize that the whole bunch of people aren't there now for whatever reason
they went on an extended holiday.
I can relate.
But come on.
Let's go.
Let's get with it.
I want to see some asses and osseetes.
I'm not just talking about him giving away a bunch of free tickets.
Anybody can suck up for free tickets.
It doesn't cost a lot to go to a baseball game.
I don't even know why I'm doing this.
I just feel so bad.
That you're finally get something going good there.
And like nobody wants to support it.
Nobody supports anything there.
Am I right?
What?
I said, Jesus, F and Christ is what I said.
That's right.
Joseph and Mary and Saul and Abraham too.
And Moses.
Oh, he's Moses out.
He's a good guy.
Well, the Moses we know.
By the way, thanks again, Moses.
You're the best.
I'm not talking about you son of a bitch.
Not that Moses.
I still can't get over that interview that Michael Moore did in polling for Colin
by.
That was fabulous.
The interview with Dick Clark was good too.
And a lot of us didn't suspect what a dick he was.
Close it up.
Close that door.
Close that door.
Get me out of here.
And you're loaded.
Now, did you watch it closely enough to realize you looked about a hundred and that the...
Yes, I did.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
Is the Lord getting even with you, Dick.
I'm going to send your ass over to Vegas to the Luxor and stick your butt right on top of the pyramid.
Here's a call from Crawl Springs.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got another one for you.
How about Carson Daily?
Oh, a spectacular choice.
My God.
We'll invest for last.
The guy's a putt.
He is a putt.
He has no personality of his own.
He just borrows them to whoever is interviewing.
Amen.
Thanks a lot, Paul.
A good choice.
Not a problem.
Have a great day.
Dr. Phil and Carson Daily thanked the Lord.
They made it under the thank you.
They made it run into the wire.
It would have been bad if we wouldn't have gotten them under.
Because once in a while we'll do a poll and we'll leave somebody off and they're so glaring
and then we're embarrassed and humiliated and people say we're a bunch of morons.
Which we admit.
But I mean, it's bad.
Ain't it?
It's bad.
Let's see, I want to make sure I have the right music for the end of the...
...up to the ballgame.
Yeah, that's it.
Who is the most boring big name celebrity was our poll question on NeilRodgers.com.
Hey, by the way, don't forget to order your best at the LCDs and your Howard DeVittive keychains, right?
Absolutely.
And some of those...
Now, do we also have that on the website where the...
...because I never click the order thing.
It's a mockup.
Do I also have the...
...amandage leftover ones that we just do on the...
You know, that's a good part.
Uh-huh.
That's a good question.
And I guess Miguel didn't come in and bond with you today, huh?
Yeah, he did.
And?
Yeah, I feel like he was gonna do something.
He didn't do it.
Yeah, he's gonna do something already.
He's hopping on Doreen back there in the promotions room.
He's hopping on her bones.
19,000, $400 bucks for a band of pet rescue so far.
But we're gonna go over 20 grand this week.
Well, it's only...
Yeah, like tomorrow.
Right.
So we only have tomorrow from the good office, dead Cuban ass and go out there and do something...
...besides sit around listening to Celia Cruz records and, uh, bone in Doreen.
Who is the most boring...
And by the way, Scott Jr. there.
You see, he doesn't say a lot.
But when he says something like the name of that book, it's useful and profound.
Like, he knew the...
...Marlins records.
He doesn't want those people who like wants to be a star.
Say, like certain other people are...
...papapapa, you know what I'm talking about?
Oh, yeah.
Right.
Which is good.
So maybe he saved the job for the rest of this week.
The course is only one day.
Now, you're okay, Scott.
You're all right.
I don't want him to be insecure like the beast.
We want the beast to be insecure because he's a fat little piece of crap.
Even though we like him a little bit.
So you're telling me that's for real between him and for real?
It's entirely.
Yes.
In other words, it's imminent that he's gonna try to boot his ass out of it.
Then why did...
Oh, he's already hard.
Maybe that's why he's time to do those juvenile things so that it'll be a good excuse for him to fire his ass.
See, beast, you're not thinking too good.
You're not thinking clearly.
Just because he tells you to do something to make a jackass out of yourself, say, oh, well, I got a little injured.
I just can't do it.
Any excuse?
Say, my...
Look, that I did that, my thing ain't working right today.
My voice box.
This is the beast.
That's what he always tells the clearance under these.
You can't handle it.
My box ain't working right today.
Who is the most boring big name celebrity?
Don I...
I miss 106.
His mailbox.
Ben Affleck, 55, his female box.
Richard, year 29.
Charles Groden, 25, Todd with Kevin Coste.
I like this list, you know, and I like this whole day.
It's a good place.
It's a good list.
These are people who are very, very boring.
They've all made millions.
God only knows why.
And he ain't sure.
He's checking again to see why.
Howard Stern, 23.
Harrison, 422.
George Clooney, 18.
Come on to my house.
Now don't come to my house anyway, George.
Remember Rosemary Clooney, she's dead.
No.
No, you don't.
Do you remember, come on to my house?
Sure.
You do?
That was about 100 years before you were born.
Call me your records, by the way.
Come on to my house.
You couldn't sing for crap.
Rosy O'Donnell, 15.
We just felt sorry for Rosy because she got really fat like a cow.
And then she died.
Speaking of fat like a cow, Rosy O'Donnell, 15.
Jeff Gumball, 13.
Kiana Reeves, 12.
Laurie S. Stefan, 12.
Larry King, 10.
You keep moving up a little, Larry.
Keep a banging on it.
Woody Allen, 10.
Larry King and Woody Allen, who are very similar in appearance, by the way.
Touchbacks.
Am I right?
You ever see two together?
They look the same person.
I think they're both hang there like in suspended animation.
Rush Limbaugh, 9.
Tywin Ellen, the general.
Oh, I don't think he'd be too happy about that.
Oh, he wants to separate that pairing immediately.
Lisa Marie Pressley speaking of dice.
She's got eight.
Steven Segal, 6.
Phil Henry's up to four.
Are you sure?
Looks like it to me, Phil.
Ben Stiller, 3.
Edward James, almost.
Almost died when a guy said his name, 3.
Well, anybody seen him in anything lately?
I mean, to my wife's thing was 100 years ago.
We made a couple of grade B movies.
Was he in any good movie?
Blade Runner, but that wasn't lately.
Blade Runner?
That was 100 years ago.
Right.
I'm thinking.
Anyway, he's got three.
Timothy Dalton, too.
I still have no idea.
But he's got a hell of a bookstore.
There was a Flash Gordon.
Flash Gordon?
No.
I've seen that.
Flash Gordon.
Yeah, I have it.
By the way, Peter North is 100 years old.
I know he's still like, you know,
a great shooter and all that.
But don't you think it's time to give somebody younger guys a chance?
No.
J. Leno One, Sean Carrary One, and no votes.
This is amazing.
Out of 429 already, which ain't too bad considering.
No votes for John Travolta, Anthony Hopkins, Donald Sutherland,
Denzel Washington, Slice the Law, Arnold Schwarzenegger, or Maria Carey.
That's scary.
But they got, you know, the whole day until tomorrow morning to catch up.
And we wait a minute.
We can't leave here without you making sure that he also puts on there,
Dr. Philan Carson daily.
I've mailed it to him.
You mailed him to him?
By what?
Snail mail?
He said it by snail mail.
I hate that expression.
I'm not sure which bothers me more.
I candy or snail mail.
I poppy.
I poppy bothers me a lot too.
All those people trying to say your poppies on Veterans Day.
Those are the only old people were those.
Anyway, I'm not taking any more calls.
Why push my luck this turn?
Not okay, even though it's for a moment or two there.
We had visions of sugar plums dancing in our heads, didn't we?
Yep.
I'm not exactly sure what the hell that was all about.
It's just they got to get out of their system because, of course,
now everybody's coming back.
George chased many of them away during the summertime, even though he did a stalwart job.
Not only did he do a good job during the summertime, he showed up on Monday this week on Labor Day.
Any of the other regulars work on Labor Day?
No.
No way Jose.
So we gave you Dan near like a real show on Monday when George does it.
It's Dan near a real show.
And is there appreciation for it?
No.
A couple of people faxed at George who was great.
But generally speaking, they called him to the UNAS.
That's right.
Don't engage you.
Don't stop fire his ass.
Don't ever.
By the way, it's WQA and Miami for Lauderdale.
I'm sure the idea is on it thing, but just in case.
They stick it on there.
Oh no, I mean, yeah, just said it.
WQA and Miami for Lauderdale.
Did I say that?
Okay.
WQA and Miami for Lauderdale.
Plantation, a sub-race mills mall, a sweet water, ojas, north Miami beach where there used
to be some white people.
Pompano beach.
We go on Delray Beach.
Dear field.
Away in the Delray Beach isn't Palm Beach County and we're not in Palm Beach.
Well, I can hear it.
Did you say, oh, by knockout.
I didn't say Hellendale.
I didn't say Plantation, Christy's acres or some rice or surfside or Miami beach or South Beach.
We don't got no list news on South Beach.
Maybe a few.
That's it.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
Good to see you.
