This is South Florida's only resources here.
Miami Fort Lauderdale, a busy broadcast group station.
Tell me, ask you, do we care about cheerio?
No, we don't care.
We don't care, Mo, I just asked George and Duffie don't care either.
To make a long story short Mo.
Welcome to the 70th annual Mo Howard Spelling Bee.
I see y'all on that road. It's already. Let's go.
All right, Mr. Bush, your word is clandestine.
Like you said, clandestine operation.
I-I-A-N-C-O-N-T-R-A.
Wrong book, you fine?
Okay, Mr. Clinton. Your word is monogamous.
P-R-O-S-T-I-T-U-T-E.
Not even close.
Okay, Senator Kennedy, your word is sobriety.
Yes, who the hell picked these off? Anyway, CHI-V-A-S.
Wrong book, you fine? But I-I don't get drunk off that anymore.
I've got built up an immunity to it.
It looks like the field's been narrowed to two people.
Let's start with Ross Perot.
You have an easy one. Please spell government.
Man, sample, let's go to the charts here.
You've got S-H-T.
Horse Bowl Cow.
And you think you want it?
Let's play wrist-buy kids.
You're out.
And Mr. Stromb Thurman, you can win this thing.
If you can spell the word antiquated.
O-L-D.
Oh, can you set it right now?
And we have a winner.
So anyway, maybe you're wondering how come I played that?
You wonder how come I played that?
Well, I know, but that's what I can say.
How come this over here?
Oh, it's because it's Monday and everything is screwed up in here.
Yep, yep, yep.
Is what it says in the ahead line of time.
Jikas column.
Tom actually wrote a comment.
Somebody might be interested in reading, but I doubt it.
About the three stuages.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
Larry Fine, Curly and Moe Howard.
And about the fact that tomorrow night on NBC on channel six and channel five and Palm Beach
you're going to have the big thing.
The three stuages anniversary special.
75 years of the three stuages.
How do you like that?
Oh!
With Larry Curly and Moe.
Just thought I mentioned that.
What's the results of that pull from over the weekend?
He asked 1777 votes on there.
What's your take on the war protesters we asked?
They're exercising their rights 559, 31.4%.
I support them 100% 396, 22.2%.
There are a bunch of Kami Pico assholes 350 people said that 19.6%.
I protest Moe Howard, David and Jesus Christ 274.
Just on general principles, even though it has nothing to do with the pull.
Put him on there.
It's always good for a couple of hundred votes.
Yes.
They're bad for troop morale.
The war protesters 89.
I'm one of them.
See, you know what's really sad?
I'm one of them 73.
4.1%.
That's because basically there are no war protesters here.
There are only a bunch of illegal aliens in Banana Boat.
The assholes running around their with their signs.
Ah, Viva Bush, Viva Bush over the weekend.
And then the last weekend it was the beach fest with the Getskis, the young Getskis for Christ.
The Getskis for Jesus Christ.
And they're on patriotic 36 said that.
So let's see, it takes 7.
26.6% said that the war protesters are like evil doers in one form or another.
Kami Pinko, Asshole, evil doers.
Which means that 74.4% said they got a right.
But only 73 of you are one of them.
And that's the kind of talent this is.
This is the end of the world.
Which we'll get to in our poll today, which I think I got my thumb right on it as usual.
Speaking of somebody has his thumb right on it, this story from Barry Jackass and also it was in the Asuncentinal.
Just just pathetic.
It's typical of this town.
Dolphins want logo off WQA and billboard.
You know something, if I weren't here to actually see this, I'd have a hard time believing it.
I mean you of them, Donna Shalala, wow, you know, to blew those organizations anyway.
But the Miami Dolphins, the big macho Miami Dolphins, those big ass football players.
They do have big ass, they don't think.
Oh, God!
Miami has the Dolphins, the greatest football team.
We take the ball from pole to pole like no one's ever seen.
We're in the air, we're under ground, we're always in control.
And when you say Miami, you're talking super football.
It was with a Miami Dolphins.
Yeah, the Miami Pussies.
Not Dolphins anymore, they're a bunch of Pussies.
That's obvious, right?
I got it, Jones, you idiot.
Look at this.
Dolphins want logo off WQA and billboard.
The Dolphins on Friday became the second team to ask WQA, I'm to remove its logo from the stations we have balls billboard.
How do you like that?
Oh my God.
Dolphins president Eddie Jones deemed the billboard inappropriate in his response to Carl Gable's statement.
Carl Gable's attorney, Wanky Jackie Thompson, who wrote letters complaining about the billboard of the teams whose games are carried by the anxious WQA.
Last week, U of M president Don Eschelavel said she was appalled by the billboard.
She was appalled boy, not just offended appalled.
And asked for WQA to remove U M's logo, the Marlins and Pathas have not responded to Thompson's letter.
WQM general manager Greg Reed said he's asked a company that made the billboard to remove U M's logo and would do the same for the Dolphins.
Reed said he is not intend to remove the billboard, which now will feature the LaRose of only the Marlins and Pathas.
We'll find out who really has balls re-joked.
Yuck, yuck, yuck.
The billboard is on state road 441 North of Sheridan Street in Hollywood.
It's unfortunate that that station has a pension for that type of material WQA.
We have a pension for that.
We have balls, let me say it again, is a slogan used by sports stations from coast to coast.
In markets where they don't have a wacky Jackie Thompson, where they don't have a bunch of weak need pussies, who cave into this kind of crap.
Donna Shelavel is appalled in Eddie Jones of the freaking Butch Miami Dolphins.
You have a bunch of pussies, okay?
No wonder they always choking in December, alright? You can smell it.
You can smell them all the way over here.
In fact, I can just hear the fur balls click in their throats, can't you?
Fur balls. Fur balls. Oh, that's right. We got fur.
That's what it ought to say. We've got fur balls in the throat.
You and your homosexual agenda.
That's right, balls in the throat.
So there you go, WQM is in the hot water with the dolphins.
We're not in the hot water with anybody. We're just going to take the logos off, okay?
Wacky Jackie, and you're not supposed to be listening anyway, so get lost.
Go over and listen to Dr. Laura, excreating those commonistas.
Oh, I got to read this. I got several things I want to read, because I don't see any calls coming in anyway.
Well, we're not going to get any calls in Broward today.
I beg your pardon. Do you see the little dot that's missing on your little thing there?
Yeah.
That's the primary Broward line.
Before it can roll over into the other lines, that one actually has to be working.
So, in other words, now you're telling me this, and like seven past nine?
Well, we've been talking about it.
Well, you know something to get it fixed.
We're not going to get any calls on anything, because it's not this thing that it's working.
Mr. How do you like that?
Well, what kind of a radio station is this?
It was working fine on Friday, wasn't it?
And here we go again.
Another QA and Week Ed, boys and girls, where the phone don't work at all.
A talk show without a phone.
What a concept, Duff.
How do you like that?
Well, anyway, like I said, I got a lot of stuff here to read, and thank God for that, because we got no phones working.
None. You thought it was just Broward, huh?
Sure, it said it's just, well, guess what?
Dave Broward, Palm Beach, Monroe County, all the ships at sea, coast to coast, from Uranus.
We couldn't get a call for a million dollars. Look at that.
This thing is dead. Is this hooked up to anything?
He's going to reset the computer to see if that has anything.
And out of here, we set the computer my freaking ass.
So, like you said, you got lots of things to read, right?
This is going to be a joke.
This is going to be...
Yeah, it is a joke on us.
But tomorrow's April Fool's Day.
This is still the 31st.
Hey, everything's...
Nice filling engineering. You guys are the best, and Duff, as far as I'm concerned, man.
Hey, the good news is that...
Go look, Power Practice, get your back straightened up.
Broward calls our coming in, so it's wrong about the rollover thing.
It might not be the primary that's out.
They're coming in. Well, they're sure not coming in here.
Well, you can't do anything about them.
Well, Carlos is a diddling with it, okay?
Oh, look at that. That thing is spastic.
Woo!
Look at that bright flashing.
Well, can I... I guess I better do the break since we have so many spots today.
Oh, yeah.
Huh?
This...
Yeah. I'm sure you don't need to come back from...
For this.
They got that SARS cleaned up in Toronto yet.
They got that...all those germs caught yet.
What's that catch the last year, and I'm going right back.
Who the hell needs this?
This is unbelievable.
What a bunch of...
Pussies.
Pready Jones, the dolphins.
They're offended, and they want us to take the sign down.
They want the logo off the billboard.
We've got balls.
Let's put up a billboard for you of them and the dolphins.
It says, we've got no balls.
How do you like that?
Can you make that a little bit bigger, Carlos?
Oh, look at that.
Now, the lines are flashing.
Wait a minute.
W-Q-I-M.
Hey, Neil. Good morning.
How do you like that?
I told you this phone was great.
This one kind of balls to the panthers play with.
That's right.
In fact, they're going to put one that says, we got pucks.
And I'm sure that Jackie will get upset about that, too.
Oh, God.
I'm good, Daniel.
I'm back to you.
Yeah, we got pucks.
Or we could put one up for the panthers that just says,
Puck, you.
How do you like that?
Oh, my God.
You see that?
We're offended.
Everybody's offended.
We're butchering up people.
They're dying like flies over there in the middle east.
And we're worried about that.
We got balls.
That goes to Shoei.
We really got our priorities straight here in South Florida.
Well, good news is the phone is finally working out.
Carlos, we said it in here.
How about that line five, though, and Broward?
Is that thing working?
No.
That thing's not working.
So don't get too carried away.
I'm not working Mondays anymore.
I'm going to tell you that right now.
I'm going to leave it to you to come in here and unscrew this stuff.
Or at least maybe I'll come in at 10 on Monday.
Give me an extra hour to sleep.
As George unscrews the equipment between 9 and 10 a.m.
And of course, we probably get a big tune in audience for that.
What's going to be all screwed up today?
It'll be the phone.
It'll be the computers, the DCS, the audio vault.
The spots won't work.
Of course, we don't have to worry about that today.
Nice going with that sales department.
By the way, just see Bob Eisenberg came in here this morning.
I'm sure my hand lost some weight.
It still looks like Bob Eisenberg.
10 past 9 at 560 WQAM.
If you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories,
here's the place to go.
You've got to go to Barbecue's Galore.
They are the specialists.
They know their stuff.
They've got it all for you.
Let me remind you to get a head start on the barbecuing season
with the perfect grill and accessories,
all of the guaranteed lowest prices in the universe.
Barbecues, Galore carries barbecues in every price range
from the top of the line commercial grade stainless steel
to the more portable Weber charcoal grill.
For all your barbecue needs at the guaranteed lowest prices,
this is the joint.
Don't forget to shop Barbecue's Galore implantation
in the Coral Springs Barbecue's Galore
because they be the Barbecue's Specialist.
It's my and local.
This is 420560 WQAM.
The Roger.
It's time for the WQAM beauty and the beast concept.
Let's meet our beast judge.
Start with the illustrious Rick Rees.
Thank you.
Thank you, ladies and gents.
Now our next judge needs no introduction.
I'm sure you're all aware of our wonderful morning.
Right out of my way, didn't it, Dappin' Tan?
Well, that was out of any of the poida-r-du-du-du-du-du-du.
I'll announce the winner of the beauty and the beast contest
so I can get out of here and go home.
All right, give me a goddamn envelope.
Here you are, Mo!
End of the winner is...
Batch-Lorette number one.
Okay, beast.
I am the beast.
You're fast little toyed.
Behind that curtain is your date.
Is it going to be Batch-Lorette number one?
Or Batch-Lorette number one?
Let me say number one.
I had figures.
You can't think we're all that fat, you hear?
No, wait a minute.
Oh, you want the part of the meal?
Give me a minute here.
I can't think.
I...
Number one.
I got your mind.
Who you think you're gonna buy?
We don't have a problem, you know.
All right, beast.
Meet your mystery date.
Sport hole radio program director, Clarence.
I was hoping you'd take me.
Well, I always thought you were trying to cute.
Maybe later we can talk about sports.
You said sports.
Stop it, Clarence.
I am the beast.
And you're fighting my arm.
Stop it.
All right, you two mullet heads.
Look at all.
Get in the back of the head.
What for, Mo?
Cause you're one, you moron.
Now, my god's the escort you'll son
and date to the crazy horsey source.
Trippard.
Here we are, kids.
Go ahead, the good side.
Hey, this is all the brood.
It's a gay club, Mo.
And the mother-in-law looks like a rhodians in New York.
Me.
Niels' audience?
Ah, backstab is high smoke out.
What the?
Sport.
I can't hear any music to that.
What was that?
Sport.
What?
I said sports.
Sport.
Ah!
Sport.
Sport.
Sport.
Sport.
Sport.
Sport.
Sport.
Sport.
Sport.
Sport.
Sport.
Sport.
Sport.
Sport.
915-560 WQM.
Home of the dolphins in a hurricane.
Yeah!
A couple of real pussy teams if they ever were.
No wonder they, you know.
No wonder they choked their net last over time
in the hercones and of course the dolphins, well.
December, they just want to take it off the calendar roll to get it.
This sound, this sound right in here.
I know it doesn't.
Huh?
Is somebody dick with a microphone too?
I'll tell you all those.
Everything else has been dick with it.
Here we've been through this for five excruciating years.
Three and a half of it up here on this floor.
Three or four rhymes with moat.
Seriously.
I mean, everything in here is messed up.
Can't just be me.
I sound like me.
Right.
But this microphone sounds like I'm talking through a tin can.
Hey.
That sound pretty good.
Anyway, here's our poll.
Look, I'm going to do the best I can.
Oh, the overheads are all screwed up.
And you keep saying it.
And we got to, we got more people in management in this radio station.
And not a guy they want them can get anything done.
Not at one of them.
They all talk a good game.
They all got titles that fly low under the radar to make sure nobody can find them.
Job justification.
And in the meantime, every guy they weekend is the same here.
It's the same.
You come in here and it's been a playground in here over the weekend, including your close personal buddies
which I don't want to mention his name.
So?
Oh, rhymes with Mo.
Here's our poll for today.
Which of these best describes South Florida?
I think I've got three, six, eight great choices.
Well, six of many way.
Which of these best describes South Florida?
Land of sun and fun, paradise, outdoor funeral parlor, banana republic,
Haven for rubber raptors, maggot magnet, land of crooks and schnooks, or intellectual wasteland.
Oh, man, what a poll, man.
Oh, I am the best when it comes to this crap.
I know my crap.
Oh, we better tell the story about Duff and the pot police too since we're ripping him and ass well deserved.
Duff is now the pot police at QAM.
Let's hear it for the Muffmeister.
Who busted Zach and who was it, Vland?
It wasn't Zach, it was Vlad and Anthony, I think.
Whoever the hell it was.
No, Zach was too busy eating.
Oh, yeah, he's on a diet, Zach.
You want some breakfast, Neil? You want some breakfast?
That was yesterday.
Or a Friday, whenever he'll have a meal.
You want some breakfast?
See, you want to think about fat people.
Like, I've always told you we're all food pushers.
Sure.
Food pushers.
Here you want some of this?
Okay, I'll yours.
There you go.
Food pushers.
That's a special agenda, yeah.
Food pushers.
By the way, watch your back, Zach.
I've heard some real scary things about what Mo's got in the store for you after that bed trend.
Anyway, there's the poll for today.
So, Muff at the, where was this appearance now?
At the Beauty and the Beast.
Oh, it's the beauty.
I would speak into the Beast.
Another one of our fat people, which we have so many,
at the Beauty and the Beast of Fair, widely promoted.
By another fat guy, a Humper, who came up with the idea to try desperately,
just not forget about getting laid, just to get a date,
just to get a female in the same room with the beast who wouldn't run away screaming.
And so, at this bash, which was held where?
Gatsby's, I presume.
Gatsby's, no less.
Which is a really nice place.
So, who was it now?
Mo and Gelly were smoking some, I was Mo and Gelly.
Was glad and amphony.
Well, what about with their overnight guys?
Yeah.
They were entitled, and they were smoking a couple of fat numbers there,
and here comes Muff and a parking lot, you know, probably looking around,
cruising the parking lot, trolling.
And he sees them in their, you know, little, little, little,
a little, a, a little, a role man in the ear.
Patrolling.
He was patrolling.
He was trolling, not patrolling, just trolling, okay?
Just checking the cars to see who's not even nice.
And they're, and they're smoking a little number, okay?
They were going, doobie doobie doobie doing right,
and we got all ben out of here.
We're asked to have a meeting and bop bop bop bop bop.
You know, flexing his muscle again to make sure that we understand
that he is justifying that fat salary is.
You get it, don't you?
No, I don't.
And by the way, Clarence talked about flying out of the radar.
I think he's out of the desk.
Yeah.
Since the beast got into him that first time,
I think he's out of the desk.
He's still healing from that first experience.
Is what I'm hearing.
Anyways, so there's the poll for today.
You got three votes on there already.
Well, it just went up, just relax, okay?
This audience is really, really slow today.
We've got balls.
Oh, God, what a place!
What a place! A place with no balls, no heart, no balls, no brains.
Other than that, this is paradise.
Oh!
Seriously, no heart.
Think about it.
Yeah, no balls and no brains.
That's how slow it are for you right there.
There's so many good choices on the poll.
Maybe that's why it's starting off real slow there.
I like maggot magnet.
I think that's all the reason.
Well, the reason I mentioned maggot magnet is because
everyone of these terrorists and all these vice-fits,
all these notorious assholes,
OJ, you know, it seems like every maggot,
eventually sooner or later,
you can trace it back to South Florida.
Like the Bill of America.
Right, exactly.
Like the bottom of your septic tank.
Three votes on here. That's it.
There's something going on here today, you know?
I noticed Mo couldn't buy a call from 50 bucks a call
and his phone was working.
Let's see if this thing is...
Oh, there you go. 15 votes.
Banana Republic 5.
Land of Sun and Fun 3.
Outdoor funeral parlor 2.
One of those is mine.
Land of Crooks and Schnooks 2.
A maggot magnet.
One.
I love that expression.
You know who's a maggot magnet?
Somebody that we both know?
Let me give you a little...
If I can get the damn thing going here.
Let me give you a little clue.
Mother maggot magnet.
Yeah, I know this.
Finds every misfit, every malcontent,
every miscreant, every scumbag.
He finds them.
It's like my mother.
He'll talk to anybody that will talk to him.
Right.
Exactly.
By the way, have a nice trip to Washington, remember?
And by the way...
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
Yeah, keep saying, by the way,
because you got me doing it.
One vote for Haven for rubber rafters,
one for intellectual wasteland,
and none for paradise.
I guess Moe hasn't got home yet.
For paradise.
Here's an article by Jimmy Breslin in Newsday today.
Yesterday.
Blood remains on the hands.
The least blood a small squirt rumor
when removing a needle, two drops, that's all,
no more than two drops, and suddenly it's everywhere.
It remains, after all, wipe it and it returns.
Look about, and it is in two or three places.
Wipe those places, and the blood doesn't go away.
Two drops appear as a needle comes out, and then it's endless.
Blood from the body of a baby,
bonked ateth and bagged dead,
blood by the pint running out of the street
as fast as a swift river,
has magic in its pure infant cells.
Of course, you cannot scrub the street clean,
because the blood from the baby already has covered the street
and is in the year.
Blood from a bonked baby and bagged dead
goes over the wide choking sands,
and across his mountains and then great landmasses,
then suddenly over a channel
it's in Westminster in London,
and people look at the sidewalk
and wonder where these large blood spots came from.
And the officer on duty in Freda-Tendowning Street
looks at the door handle and worries,
how did this get here without me seeing this,
and having it cleaned?
He has a servant rush to the door with cloth and polish,
and he wipes the blood and polishes the door handles,
and then he walks off,
and the guard happens to glance at the door handle,
and the blood is back,
smeared bright new red over the polished handle.
The baby's blood is off to rush over the ocean,
a strange red cloud poised to rain,
and it floats over the green of the Washington Parks,
and goes down a sloping street to the State Department,
whereas a man opens a corridor for coal and powel,
he suddenly notices blood on the door handle,
and he quickly unfurls a handkerchief,
and wipes the handle,
and powel gets in and the car goes off,
and the man who held the doors left in the driveway,
and he sees the red that is still on the power's door handle.
When he leaves the car,
a pal doesn't notice the door handle as he touches himself,
touches it himself.
The blood red cloud goes over the river to the Pentagon,
and suddenly pours on the car that takes rum's fill to an appearance,
and this time the blood is left on the door handle of both sides.
A sergeant wipes, the blood is there when rum's fill gets home.
The red cloud then comes down to the White House lawn,
and does more than a sprinkle.
It splashes the helicopter of the present,
as he strolls out with his wife, his dog,
and his testy walk, and slight smirk,
and the wife has his head asides smiling,
for it's the end of the weekend,
we are a good, decent, Christian people.
God bless us, and God bless everybody,
and is there a bot to get into the helicopter,
and Air Force Officer rushes up an alarm,
and says, please just give us a moment,
and he has three people scrubbing so quickly,
to clean the blood from the helicopter,
and then Bush and his wife get aboard,
and they fly off to Camp David,
for where else would you go on a weekend,
as they've neglected to have two men hanging out the windows,
and inspecting the sides of the craft in mid-air,
nobody can see the blood back on the helicopter.
As they get off at Camp David,
Bush's hand brushes against the baby blood on the plane,
as does his wife's.
At this hour in London, Blair rises in the middle of his long night,
and goes to the bathroom,
to try to wash this blood off,
he couldn't do it before he went to bed.
In Washington, Rumsfeld stares at the red splotches on both his hands,
and Colin Powell calls out that there must be something wrong with the soap,
because it doesn't get the blood off his hands.
At Camp David, Bush notices blood on his right hand,
and goes to the bathroom to wash it off,
and he holds his hands under the water,
and rubs them with a bar of soap,
and then puts them under the water,
and he takes them out and holds them out to dry with a towel.
He glances at his hands, and sees the blood of the dead baby,
as bright on his fingers,
he mutters and washes the hands again.
He will do it again, again this year,
and then next year, and through all the years,
because the blood forever remains on the hands.
Right, Jimmy Brezzlin in the news day today.
Sounds like he's right on target to me.
It's a needless, senseless, mindless, grotesque bloodbath.
This isn't a war.
This is a bloodbath.
We're witnessing human sacrifice for fun and profit.
That's exactly what this is.
And you know something, I don't give a flying crap.
What the polls say, I don't care if there's only 2% of the American public
who've got enough common sense and brains in decency
to take the time to really find out what's going on,
and really use their own brain as opposed to listening to this endless sea of propaganda
that comes out of your television set in most of your newspapers.
I don't care if it's like one tenth to one percent,
that's where I'm coming from.
That's my perspective.
And as long as I have the opportunity and the an ounce of blood in my body,
I'm going to sit here and I'm going to say it every single day.
This is totally insane.
And every single one of these people all sides,
the brits, the Americans, the Iraqis, the Kurds, no matter who it is you're talking about,
the Syrians who were on that bus, every one of these people who,
and then the thing in the market today,
well we have to double check and make sure it wasn't one of ours.
If it was one of the surface-to-wear missiles that they were firing,
what differences it make, the only reason that people are dying is because we attacked.
That's the only reason that these people are dying.
What were they firing those surface-to-air missiles at?
Bomb of love?
Not just the sky, just the imagination I guess.
That's Shaw, Shock and awe, Shaw, Shaw and Ack.
The blood is on a hand, not only of the people mentioned in Jimmy Brasleyam's column,
but also on a hand of everybody who supports this insanity.
It's also on your hands.
27 after 9 at 5.60 W.Q.A.M.
Number one Chinese buffet in the world is the Emerald Coast.
They're in sunrise, they're in North Miami Beach,
and their new location is in Pemberg Pines.
And this isn't just a meal when you go to the Emerald Coast.
It's a feast.
Get yourself a really good appetite, and then head over there and pick out.
Start with six different kinds of soups.
You can take any of them or all of them.
And then try dozens and dozens of succulent entrees,
or yet it'll surf until fun weekends near a stripstake made toward the gourmet center,
a sizzling Asian grilled with teriyaki steak, and shrimp chicken seafood hand-carb primer.
The Emerald Coast promotes healthy living,
cooking all of their fine cuisine with no cornstarch, no MSG,
and only using cholesterol free oils.
The buffet features a full-sounded bar, a new sushi bar and fresh shrimp cocktail, too.
And Emerald Coast famous lobster fest is back featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisque.
Bring, like I said, a healthy appetite, because the dessert bar, if you can save it a little room for it, is splendid.
They got pies and cakes pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings,
and fresh fruit, the perfect ending to a gigantic feast.
I can just see the beast, zack, fat boy, and Josh Frieden over there right now.
Probably put them out of business.
Emerald Coast, three locations for you.
In sunrise, Pine Island of 44th Street, on Collins Avenue, just north of 163rd, north Miami Beach,
and at the intersection of Salmingo and Pembroke Roads and Pembroke Pines.
Emerald Coast, accept your reservations, take out and deliver available as well,
call 954-572-3822.
954-572-3822, be here and check out the Noreal Chicken Salad, too,
when you head for the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
Five and a local, this is five-sixth.
The radio's on your sound.
Q&A!
So Todd Rexon here, interfering with the show by the way, Muff.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dumb at people killed
with the gas that we sold him.
First time aggressor nation and the only one that's going,
now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea and the nooks there, to Samantha.
Right wing is drilling it over and over and to our head.
That iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
The Middle Eastern world will be destroyed by the fire.
Three thousand people killed are now forgotten.
Let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be counted.
Going after Saddam too.
Plankato Sama, there's no longer mention of the name in London.
But no one seems concerned all.
Come be in complacence, believe in every word of this cartel in
an illustration that controls us by fear through the E.M.
manipulation and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our head.
That iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
The Lost Civil Rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the Irish drop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Able partners all are sails.
Plinobiti and cattle don't have any reservations.
Out of provoked Madalette, world of nihilations.
Old regime must malt in halivergine and stout with no objection at all.
Till the crack don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our parade watch pants.
I rack has some weapons of mass destruction.
Only I rack has some weapons of mass destruction.
But third of men.
932 at 560 WQM boy this overhead sounds weird.
Maybe it's me, I don't know.
Could be.
I don't know, I got used to it.
Sounds really tinny and the strange and you don't know some strange.
Sounds strange to me.
Not a strange is that meowing sound coming from the dolphins organization.
Eddie Jones, I just, I mean this is a national football league.
These are much old men.
We got balls, I guess they don't have any balls.
That's the problem.
Zach Thomas, no balls.
J. Feeder, no balls, no forskin.
560, 705, 60.
560 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Can you imagine the humiliation, the embarrassment that they must be feeling the players?
Here's the fact, the flagship station of the W of the dolphin network.
Maybe they're all Christians.
Well, they're for sure.
That's right, they're probably at the Christian prayer breakfast in all of a sudden anyway.
Don't forget spigging the sports, baby.
This is the big day.
You going?
Carlos is going, Vener boys going because I give him the tickets and the parking pass.
And he's bugging me.
Where's the park?
Where's the park?
Where the hell are you?
Let's go park.
Okay, just kissed the ground.
You got the free tickets, Schmuck.
God, what a putz.
Go and wear.
To that thing, this afternoon, right down the street, right over there.
Over sub-center?
Sub-center?
A little past the sub-center?
A little past the sub-center?
A past that market there.
A past that market.
A past that you make a joint.
A past the school.
A past the school.
Yeah.
And the right kitty quarter, the university, the Verizon, whatever that turnpike thing is.
Yeah, I'm going to go ATV riding.
How'd you guess?
We got the Marlins and the Hoodie Plan to fillies.
Opening day, baby.
Marlins on deck at 3.30 right after the mad dog.
And mad dog's going to be doing a show.
Of course, I'm sure from over there, right?
From the stadium?
You're going to be over there, mad dog?
All right.
Good.
Marlins on deck at 3.30 to Marlins in the fillies.
Opening game 405 followed by the big at 7 o'clock.
Who's a marvelous guy who shouldn't be on the air just to say hello.
Any K at 10 o'clock in July and Mark overnight.
That's the agenda for the big gay.
Aren't you worked up about opening baseball day?
It's talking to you, Carlos.
And I was with Carlos last night.
I was channel surfing.
I think Mo and Geldie, I must agree with them on something.
Come to work, I heard the mention of the fact that they're Geldie mentioned it.
That the major league baseball, I didn't even realize the season started last night.
And I'm channel surfing last night and there's the angels and the Rangers.
That's why it's this.
And I realized I'm thinking to myself, well, the Marlins play their opener tomorrow.
So must be a real game.
Carlos is really stoked because since you gave him that money.
He's stoked?
Yes.
He can afford a Coke.
He's not.
He's smoked.
Don't let my friend know you smoked.
Oh boy, oh there's clearance.
He just came off from out of the desk.
Coast is clear, the beast ain't in the building.
Look, he's still got that smile on his face.
Man, since he had that date with the beast and I used the term loosely up against the wall.
Since he had that date, yeah.
Like that scene in the Godfather, he saw that.
All that comedy.
Plain too much comedy with that fat beast bastard.
See, I look upon this thing with a war and with the bush,
all these polls, 67%, 72%.
It's the same as religion.
See, one thing in life, this is a good lesson for all you people with an open mind, both of you.
How many people do you think of this town have an open mind?
God third, man.
And that's enough.
Is when you find yourself in a minority on things like, for example,
most people lead to McDonald's.
I don't.
Am I embarrassed about that?
No.
I am pleased that I don't, I'm proud that I do not eat the McDonald's.
Okay?
Most people eat french fries.
Do I eat french fries?
No.
I mean, I'm still fat sickly slob, but I'm pleased that I don't eat french fries.
Most people think that this is a just war, that this is for real.
Do I believe that?
No.
Most people think this president is doing a wonderful job based on what?
I don't know.
That's me.
Don't ask me.
Don't ask me.
The Dow is down 114 and a half.
The market has only been open five minutes and 45 seconds.
And then I was up down 1414 points and that's down 21 and the standard and poor underline
the poor part is down 11 points.
You can take it a precipitous crap is what it's doing.
Oh, the unemployment figures.
Not good.
I was consumer content.
Not good, bad.
All time lows.
But we got on SAA, all Islam.
We wiped out their plant up there by Iran and then a lot of them did ran.
And let's say it again, they have nothing to do with Elkata.
They're terrorist organization, yes, but they're their own terrorist organization.
They got nothing to do with Elkata.
And when we had a ball game on on Friday driving home, I did something I haven't done in years.
And I'll never do it again.
I punched over to, let's do that for about two minutes.
Big tub of crap who just makes it up as he goes, well, we have verification now that on SAA,
ill Islam, blah, blah, blah, blah, is affiliated with Elkata and everybody's doubted it.
But I tweeted that here at first on this program.
And here's an article from some Australian paper from the Down Under Thunder.
And it's just that morning I talked about the fact that they hit the same guy on MSNBC again this morning saying it's a long reach,
a long stretch to try and anyway do affiliate.
And they've got nothing to do with Elkata and explain to wise and the wear force.
But don't confuse the right wingers with it because to them it is a religion.
It's the crazy fundamentalists killing each other, which is nothing new.
And I apologize for the redundancy.
They're crazy fundamentalists.
Sorry.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon line.
West Palm Beach. Hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Good evening.
Good morning.
I'm listening to three things to kill me with McDonald's.
I'm fasting. I have a 12 year old, the nine year old, we're in the car one day with a 12 year old's friend.
We're going to get stuff for lunch.
He goes, oh my, McDonald's in the unit and my children go, oh, McDonald's.
Yeah.
You see the look on his face, you see the thigh, toe, my Jesus.
Even the fed isine doing it there.
That listen, the worst thing was, it's worrying before you came off, it's listening to Howard.
And on her already was again for the 10th time, ditching a morning about people complaining about what's going on in the war.
How can people be so stupid to not do with this great president?
What, what, what, what, what, what's Howard was that?
Howard Stern.
Oh.
The, the best part about this, Neil, this is out my friend to call me.
I had listened to him in a couple of weeks, and I was trying to tell him before he turned him off completely saying, what an idiot talks about for backing this war.
The thing that killed him most is he sits there and tells people to shut off about the work.
What the heck is he doing on the radio?
If it wasn't for the people that were making millions, for the last 200 years, for his freedom of speech in this country, he would have never made anyone because he couldn't even
have been a garbage man, and he's out there telling people to shut off because they're talking about what's going on in the war.
What, and God's name.
Now, what happened to all of these people?
I guess I'm about one of the few left.
I wonder where it is.
Yes, it means, well, the goddess would count her if anybody was listening, which they're not.
But there's nobody left.
And of course Phil, somebody told me about Phil Henry last week and I had a hard time believing him.
I thought it was a bit.
I thought it was a bit.
I listened to Phil twice and I said, my body has got to be a bit.
And then I had an email from one of the Samuels who said to me that he's gone so far to the right that he's about to fall off the edge of the planet is what I'm hearing.
Are you sure?
And what was that all about?
Of course he does work for Premiere, which is owned by Clear Channel.
So evidently, everybody in the media is go stepping along if they know what's good for him and I just haven't learned yet.
I haven't got the memo yet.
It is truly amazing as these people own.
The best part about it was now Howard has gotten to a new level.
Guess what he played this morning on the radio.
I can't imagine.
So fucking, and they think it's just fantastic.
They've just found this new bit.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
Neil, these people are insane.
Thank God you're out there and I know you think she's crazy, but thank God Randy's out there too.
Oh.
People here.
Oh.
Okay.
Have a great day.
Okay.
Talk show, groupie.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon.
And the problem when you have only talk show groupies is you can't make a living from that because there aren't too many of them.
About 30, man.
20 till 10 at 5, 60, WDQM on a marginal Monday, March 31st.
We get the brand new month tomorrow.
A lot of assholes will be doing it April 1st crap.
Oh, guess what?
Somebody died.
Anyway, balance for life is doing it for the beast.
He's lost in your 60 pounds on.
He slowed down a little bit because he was busy.
Him and clearance went on a cruise together.
They were cruising the parking lot.
In fact, just when Muff came by and Muff stopped reaching the car and said, can that be felt?
No, it was the jacket that clearance was wearing.
He wanted to know what the material was.
He said, can that be felt?
At any rate, if you want to lose some weight like the beast is doing, here's the answer for you.
Balance for life.
I'm back on my little black sack.
I'll tell you that.
I had two.
What do they call them?
Raps.
Ruben Raps.
Oh, well, I put on two.
You're supposed to have had one.
But I had two of those yesterday.
One for breakfast and one for about three o'clock, mid afternoon lunch, dinner, whatever it was.
Delicious.
No cooking, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting, no shopping.
You don't even have to go to the supermarket and get frustrated.
No cleaning, no worries.
Just delicious food in your little black sack, which they delivered every morning by six right to your dough,
whether it'd work, whether your home where we are.
And believe me, everything is fresh and delicious.
When you, for example, the fruit, the strawberries they put in with the omelette's man, just delicious,
even hungry bograt will be impressed.
Three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks are in your little black sack, and that's all your food for the entire day.
So it's not complicated.
All you have to do is pick between two alternatives for each meal every day that you run a program.
And balance for life is all the figuring out for you.
The weight pours off your body, the food, fresh and delicious nothing, frozen, no chemicals, and,
like I said, in no time at all, you'll look even better than the beast.
So if you want to finally lose the weight and get your health back, that's the most important part,
called balance for life, 954-56832-29.
That's 954-56832-29, or check them out on that wicked worldwide web if you like it, balanceforlife.com.
We're supporting you, 560-7-870-970.
Hey, what's that in your mouth?
Miami has the dolphins there the worst football team.
They flub the ball from goal to goal, like no one's ever seen.
They're on the ground, that's where they'll stay. They're never in control.
And when you say Miami, you're talking toilet all the way there the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league?
32. Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins. Don't bet on them, you'll always lose.
They don't know how to tackle, they don't know how to block their coaches ought to tell them to put then day in their juxtaposed.
Then they would run much faster and even in defeat.
When we go to the stadium we'll see Miami, and they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league?
32. Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
The team that hasn't got a clue.
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans.
Just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stands.
They watch the game and all they do is mown in gripe and bitch.
I wonder how Jo Rabi got to be so goddamn rich and they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league?
32. Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins. I hear the crowd begin to boo.
The dolphins have J. Feedler that quarterbacks at you.
Run down the field and he will throw a pass over you.
I'll never win a Super Bowl you shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut.
That doesn't mean that he was circumcised and they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league?
92. Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
J calls his signals in Hebrew.
The dolphins have no defense and their offense is a joke.
Like George Bush eating pretzels.
You know they're gonna choke.
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race.
With fewer points than landmarks on high zingas ugly face.
They're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
Oh what the hell 32.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins. Now they're through.
Oh.
Wow what an organization.
What do you say how many teams in the league?
Dolfins want the logo off the QA and billboard.
I still can't believe this.
I just can't eat Jones.
Any freaking Jones a dottering old clown who's gonna be about a hundred and what?
Dolfins.
Yeah.
And he wants the dolphin logo off the We Got Balls billboard.
This has got to be the only market in the world even in Baghdad.
They're not that they got a better sense of humor than this.
They're getting bombed a crap out of every morning noon and night, around the clock.
And they're still got a chuckle once in a while.
You know?
Like about Peter R. Netkin can.
Well we'll get to that.
Look at the look at that phone.
Look at this phone boys and girls.
Like I said just putting a wonder how it's firm and full.
Are you sure?
And everybody else that's right.
Let's go step along.
I'm not gonna do it.
Never gonna happen on this show.
I consider and talk to myself for four goddamn hours every day.
Good.
But what did I tell you about that pool from the weekend?
The fact that I'm the thing about the war protesters.
I'm one of them.
What do we have about Tom and I?
About 30 men.
That was it.
In our vast listening audience out there out of about 1777 votes.
Because the people down here, they're brain dead most of them.
You got a bunch of old Julios that are out there on a weekend again.
Oh, Viva George Bush.
All this other crap again.
I don't see him invading Cuba by the way.
I don't see him liberating Cuba from that evil tyrant Castro from that evil doer.
Holding 90 miles from our shores.
And yet there they were never reminds me of it.
Just like when the Pope visited the Cuba.
Same thing.
All of us in the Alangat Lakhja.
He was sitting up there on the same stage with that lovely outfit of his own.
The Pope's against this war.
Didn't you love the way the Fidel said snappy dresser by the way?
I like your hand Pablo.
That's what he said.
The disgrace and everybody in town.
I already put a one Pablo.
Just dummyed up.
Anybody else goes there and talks to Fidel.
Come onista, come onista, come onista, come on Vivaio.
Off with his head.
But all of a sudden they were like in a catch 22 there between Iraq and a hard place.
Same old stuff in Islam.
And it suffers from neurotic repetition to pull.
We got 146 votes.
What's the, which of these best describes South Florida?
Banana Republic 42. Excellent.
Good choice.
Especially after this weekend.
Land of Sun and Fun 21.
Intellectual Wasteland 21.
Outdoor funeral proler 17.
That's my vote.
Land of Crooks and Schnooks 15.
Haven for rubber rafters 13.
Maggett Magnet 12.
And Paradise only 5.
How do you like that only 5 mo?
Paradise.
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak warned today that a drawn out war in Iraq will lead to an increase in Islamic militancy.
Throughout the world.
If there is one Osama bin Laden now, there will be 100 bin Laden's afterward Mubarak said, referring to the al-Qaeda terror network during speech to the army commanders in the city of Suez, 80 mausies of Cairo.
There's one Osama bin Amama now.
Thanks to this there will be 100.
And I'm sure a lot of people have seen that full page ad that's appeared in newspapers, the picture of Osama pointing.
And thank, thank you George W. for this war for invading Iraq.
Falling right into our trap.
This is exactly what we wanted.
And we had the first of what I'm afraid are going to be many, many, many suicide bombings killing four soldiers over the weekend.
First of many, many they promised.
They claimed that they've imported 4,000 schmata heads to do the same kind of dirty work.
And I have no nationality of this particular suicide.
Could have been Saudi Arabian could have it was Egyptian.
Oh Egyptian.
Well Saudi's Egyptian.
There you go.
Because what were the other hijackers that weren't stopping?
That's Jimmy Braslow, Calmy or something.
I should just sit here and read that over and over again as building as it was.
Hey, it's just, I mean, what are you people thinking about?
What is there to think about?
What's on tonight?
That's what they're thinking about.
What's on tonight?
What's on TV?
What is on TV tonight?
Good question.
War coverage.
Oh, we expected to go to war.
Everybody was focused on their jobs.
Oh, there's a wounded Marine.
And that's another thing, especially MSNBC, these puff pieces, you know,
with their bulletin board, they're with all the photos and the wives and the families and the children.
I mean, this is news coverage.
This is not news coverage.
And the so-called news coverage now over the last few days has gotten so much.
Nothing bad happens.
Even when allies get killed, it's just, we just gloss over that.
Like the helicopter that crashed yesterday.
Right.
Let me say it again.
There isn't one person, man, woman or child, baby, little child,
who's died in the last 10 or 11 days, how long has this insanity been going on?
It's almost two weeks.
It'll be two weeks Wednesday.
Now, one of those people who died or was maimed or badly injured,
who would have had that happen to them if it weren't for this illegal invasion of this insanity?
By the third or the fourth wife.
And they got this pool says this and Zagbi comes on and tells you that pool says this.
And CBS News that a pool, I don't, they can take the pool, they can stick it.
That's what they can do.
Stick it where the Mondoan's shine.
Because the masses are asses.
And the pools in Canada and in Britain now there.
Now that the war started, you see now they're shifting real wilder.
Because we all say again, it requires too much of an intellectual effort on the part of the individual to separate in his mind.
The difference between supporting the troops and hoping they're all safe and come back in one piece.
The difference between that and supporting this illegal so-called war and the people who are perpetrating it.
Can't do it.
Even one of the analysts, one of the 80 million talking had analysts on the MSNBC, what do we consider?
That thing about supporting the war is 73%.
That's really supporting our troops.
In the minds of the public, they don't differentiate that.
How can you support the troops and the war?
The war is killing the troops.
And in numbers, I'm afraid much larger than we're getting more propaganda just like Vietnam.
There's a delay.
They're like on 7-month delay.
Here's a call from Davy. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir. How are you today?
Good, good, good.
I think I just wanted to comment on the Peter R. Net thing.
It's kind of funny.
The general analysts that are, you know, the general has been general analysts that are on the networks.
They're often critical.
They're often saying how public opinion is turning because of this.
There's a lot of news.
But Peter R. Net gets interviewed by the Iraqis.
And obviously he's sucking up.
He wants to stay in their country and not get his head chopped off.
He says a few things, basically, that public opinion in the United States is turning as the war moves slowly.
An NBC act is if he gave away nuclear secrets.
Right.
I don't understand.
You could have taken snippets from the press conference as held at SETCOM or at the Pentagon.
And you could have taken questions asked or statements made in the form of questions by reporters.
And they were saying exactly what Peter R. Net was saying.
Right.
So instead of taking an act and like, oh well, Peter was probably just saying this because he was in an awkward position.
People are making statements, especially on the, I have to be careful how he pronounced it, the Fox network.
The super right thing.
Oh, yeah, Iliana Gross-Latin, another one of our South Florida embarrassment.
She goes on to Fox News Channel and says she found the interview nauseating and accused R. Net of cow towing to what clearly is the enemy by doing this.
Could we take in our work?
No, it's by speaking the truth.
Could we on your show, especially on your show, spell the Fox network with the U instead of an O?
You can spell it that way, you just can't say it.
We could say FU.
No, you could have to say it now.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
But what was even the point of that?
To be funny.
I see.
I guess I must have missed something.
Here is Homestead, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, how you doing, Il?
Okay.
I recently listened to you as, I know you've been here for quite a while, I've just recently gotten to listen to your show.
And I love it, man.
I agree with you.
110% is amazing what's going on with so many people in this country.
And it's funny because you know, you listen to the media or whatever, and they have you think that, oh, they're to pull support the war.
And 70% of America supports the war.
I think it's just the opposite.
I think maybe 60 or 70% of the actual population has, you know, reservations at least about this, about why we're there.
You know, and as far as you talk about the Miami-Been and the Netsu-Watchell Wafland is so true.
You got protests in New York, protests in San Francisco, thousands and thousands of people coming out.
You got maybe 10 people down here coming out for a protest.
That's right.
And then we had thousands and thousands of old Julios over the weekend again out there.
A Viva Bush and a Viva the Troops and let's kick some ass or whatever the hell they were doing.
You know, the same old tired crap. This time we'll never ever change.
It's so sad because you know, this is supposed to be a major metropolitan area in this country.
Right.
So let me just tell you something.
This is a big, I said it many years ago and I'll say it again, just a big hick town with a lot of people on it.
That's all hick town.
And I want to thank you for keeping up the, you know, at least a liberal point of view things because if you select Howard Stern,
but if he's going on, on and on like that about shut up about the war, I'm not even going to listen to him anymore.
There you go. Okay, have a great day, pal.
Thanks. See you. See you, pali.
I just don't understand how I mean he's entitled to his opinion.
Maybe he really believes that, but shut up about the war. What is that?
People have a right, that's right, I forgot.
People used to have a right to have an opinion one way or the other.
I'll say it again, I said what that Jimmy Burzlin column is right now.
Still believe that if you support the war in any way, I think that you've got blood on your hands to get out the ivory, get out the coast.
Start washing and scrubbing.
Get out the Ajax, the comic cleanser and you're still going to have blood on your hands.
Because all of this blood should all this insanity that's going on and we're supposed to be proud of this.
I'm just saying the incision, oh, here's another explosion in back every time I turn on the TV.
Here's another explosion in Baghdad. Wow, what a shock, aren't you surprised?
Here's another explosion.
The explosion of Softon Odd.
Yeah.
And that Baghdad market, you know, we're pretty sure that it was one of their surface air missiles that came back at him, you know.
And like you said, the scene is.
This isn't the scene yet. Yeah, that's right. They shouldn't have been shooting those up in the air.
Just look at what goes up must go down.
Because we just thought we'd go in there, everybody to lay you know.
Here's the flowers, here's some candy and let us shake your hand and kiss your boots and the, oh, thank you for.
See, this is called liberation by elimination.
Right.
Maybe this is a new concept, liberation by elimination.
We're going to kill a lot of you and then we can free you.
We're freeing them from life.
958 and 560 WQM.
Hey, listen, let me ask you a question.
Do you have $2,000 and more on a credit card?
If you do, listen to this.
Debitcated consumer counseling will help you. It'll cost you nothing.
That's right. It'll cost you Zippo.
Debitcated is a nonprofit company. It'll contact the companies you own money to and they'll cut your payments in half, call 1-800-4-NO-DET.
That's 1-800-4-NO-DET.
And deba-cated will help you purchase your interest rate, eliminate late fees and save your credit. It'll cost you nothing.
The bank pays deba-cated, you pay zero.
So if you're tired of battling credit card debt, call deba-cated tool-free 1-800-4-NO-DET.
Call and find out how deba-cated can help you. You got nothing to lose.
If you've had it with credit card debt, high interest rates and late fees, call deba-cated consumer counseling and they'll be handling it for you from there.
Call right now 1-800-4-NO-DET. And don't forget it costs you nothing.
This is 420-0-5-6-2-1.
You way out.
Push! Push!
I'm back to my house!
Tonight, Dolan-Cling.
Let me ask you something, Bob. What's your wife looking for?
Bob-Dolce has what do you mean?
Every time she makes a speech, she's staring up at the sky.
I don't have to say something bad, I rack.
I ordered 79 bombing missions in Iraq back in 98, but your people put a stop to it.
Desert Fox rang a bell.
But Bob-Dolce has, you've got a blowjob.
You're a fault. All you're fault.
Your people who've fixated with my penis, it still are.
They'll be ignorant of slush.
Laced I don't need any help from my penis.
Bob-Dolce could always use a hand.
Bob, are those garter socks you wear?
Why? You want a date? They're not my type.
Bob, can you do this?
No, Bob-Dolce has no.
Oh, look at this really fast. Look, I'm making chatter puppets.
I'm not even in the same room, stupid.
I know you can't see me.
I'll say to me, communist.
Okay, I'm done.
You got my check.
10 out of 20560.
Anyway, so clearance was just in moments ago.
Something I didn't realize.
Little beaner boy informs me that clearance has become a book at own.
Whatever that means.
It means you pick your nose a lot.
5670560, pound 560 on EAT&T.
This is just not working anything here today.
Right now it sounds all screwed up.
And you know something we don't care.
Just bring us the checks, clearance.
Okay? We care about as much as you do, which is not too much.
But you keep studying those sheets, you know,
and the demographics and the numbers.
How's the morning shoot on?
What's your doing?
209 votes on the pool.
Which of these best describes out Florida to you?
Banana Republic 67.
Intellectual Waste Land 29.
They must be people who have listened to the show before.
Land of Sun and Fun 27.
Land of Crooks and Schnooks 24.
Haven for rubber rafters 20.
Outdoor funeral parlor 19.
The film with Yanlucky.
A maggot magnet 16 and paradise has only got seven.
Here's a call from Kendall. Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Thank God for your show.
Thank God for me.
Yeah, by the way, that Clinton in Gorbid was pretty funny.
It was okay.
Have you read in Michael Mann's book in the...
Michael Leicin?
They got a whole section on about Clinton.
Now he was...
He said he's one of the best Republican presidents of the world.
Right, I talked about that last week.
If I can read some of that on the air,
but Clinton is almost as bad as Bush's.
It's scary with all this military force
they're putting everywhere asking for another 120,000
to go over there at their suppressant.
The freedom of speech down here.
I mean, isn't that what this country's supposed to be about?
No, that's ancient history.
I agree with this guy who called his show a little odd going
and said you've got to keep it up,
because you're the only outlet we got down here.
Everyone else has coost up in life.
And yet I sit here in bed for calls every day.
It's the same old crap.
I don't know.
You think that...
Is there really our 29 or 30% who are very strong
you oppose to this war and what's going on?
And we're smart enough to understand what it's really all about.
Where the hell are they?
A couple of weekends ago,
I was with that protest that was on the big safe button.
Good for you.
Thank you.
But it was a poetry turnout.
It was sad in the people who drove by
just the anger and screaming and flicking off.
We had a lot of support,
but you also had a lot of people just looking
at you flipping the birds, screaming,
it's time to bomb a rack and just...
Yeah, there you go.
I hate bullets.
It's a hateful pound.
You got it.
Now you're starting to slip the pansy.
Keep it up pal.
Love you real.
Okay, let him have it.
There's a guy who's got some balls.
Unlike the dolphins in a guy named Herakun.
There's a guy with balls.
He was out there protesting.
And you can flip him off and honk your horn
and give him dirty looks.
He don't care, okay?
Because he's tired of the murder and bloodshed.
That's exactly what it is.
It's murder.
It's human sacrifice.
That's what you're witnessing, okay?
All these pictures on a bulletin board
of all these young and these fine young people
and keep in mind again.
This is not a draft anymore.
This is all volunteer military we have now.
These people volunteered to defend this country,
the only problem being that they're not being used now
to defend us against anything.
That's the problem.
And NBC and MSNBC terminate Peter Arnett,
just as the caller said before,
they've terminated the relationship with Peter Arnett
after the journalist told State Runner Rackie TV
that the U.S. blood coalition's initial war plan
had failed and that reports from Baghdad about civilian casualties
had helped anti-war protesters undermine
the Bush administration's strategy.
It was wrong for Mr. Arnett to grant
an interview to State Controller Rackie TV,
especially at the time of war,
and it was wrong for him to discuss his personal observations
and opinions in that interview.
NBC News President Neil Shapiro said in the statement,
therefore, Peter Arnett will no longer be reporting
for NBC News and MSNBC.
Arnett, who won a Pulitzer Prize for reporting in Vietnam
for the AP, appeared on NBC's Today Show,
this morning to apologize for his statements,
which I saw they showed their clip,
and it was unfortunate and prophetic.
Representative Eliana Gross Rosanna Dana Laytonin,
Republican of Florida, said on Fox News Channel
that she found the interview nauseating and accused Arnett
of cow-toing to what clearly is the enemy in this way.
NBC initially backed the interview.
His impromptu interview with Rackie TV was done
as a professional courtesy,
and was similar to other interviews he's dealt with media outlets
from around the world.
NBC News spokesman Alison Galusse said,
his remarks were analytical and nature.
We're not intended to be anything more.
His outstanding reporting on the worst speaks for itself.
But then, of course, the heat came down.
That's right.
And we don't even have the heat games on this station,
but the heat came down.
They want their logo off the billboard too.
How do you like that, Greg?
The heat has no balls.
That's why they lose every goddamn game.
How do you win a basketball game if you have no balls, huh?
Just ask Michigan State, they'll tell you.
Oh, sorry.
Robin Cook, remember he resigned from parliament?
Yes.
What are three or four?
I don't know whether it was three or four,
and that's not the point.
The point is he wrote a great column
in the Sunday, Mirias, today,
which I'm going to read momentarily.
Let's send Rostael in his hawks to war instead, he says,
which I think is a great idea.
All the chicken hawks,
all these draft dodgers,
all these people who kind of like disappeared
and went off like the president.
We saved that.
List, by the way,
of all these people and who and what and how they served.
Yeah.
How they didn't serve, right?
Okay, to send our young people off there to get putchered.
And then we have the article also about the member agent orange
and all these other,
oh, Gulf War syndrome,
all of these other things.
And of course, now you watch the fires
and you watch the bombing
and you watch the oil.
Right, the plumes.
The plumes of oil that they bring
and the trenches around the city of Baghdad.
And there are five million people in that city.
And you then ask yourself,
what kind of air are these people breathing?
What kind of toxic fumes are these people breathing?
They already are talking about all the people that children especially.
They're breathing the air.
They're developing asthma.
People are going to die a wicked,
it reminds me of what happened at 9-11.
Right.
In New York, in Manhattan,
with people inhaling them.
And of course, you know this,
we don't hear too much about that anymore
because that would require probably helping those people out financially.
With their physical problems.
The people that don't die in Baghdad,
they'll be dancing in this.
Just like,
we're not helping out.
Was it yesterday or today that we have the story about the military?
Let's at least pay them.
Let's take care of the military.
Was that yesterday or today?
One of our bedtime stories on euronju.com.
Today.
Yeah, let's take care of the military.
Are we doing that?
No.
No, we're just using them as props on the television networks.
Just use them as props as human interest stories.
But in the meantime,
we don't want to take care of them.
We don't want to pay them.
We don't want to make sure that they get their disability benefits.
Pathetic.
Oh, but 70% of the public says you're wrong.
I don't give a crap 70%.
80% of the public eats at McDonald's.
They crap.
They're crap experts.
Give me a solid answer about the American public because their middle name is crap.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
How come when the polls are in favor of something you're in favor for,
the polls are always correct?
Who said that?
You do.
I do.
Oh, this is a poll guy.
I know it's a different poll guy.
I never said, I've always said polls are full of crap.
Haven't I always said that?
Except for ours, which are acid.
Except for ours, which are scientific and 100% acid.
Every day you jackass.
And again, there's a good response.
There's a real good intellectual response.
That's what I'm talking about.
I don't doubt that the people are responding that way.
I don't have no doubts.
I'm just going to say because the majority feel a certain way of reading McDonald's
doesn't mean that I have to believe that they're right.
Okay?
I mean, once upon a time, 100% of the people on the face of the earth thought
the earth was flat.
Did that make them right?
No.
And by the way, the church had just got around to apologizing.
And they all thought of-
The poor Galileo thought that slavery was just fine.
Yeah.
Trouble maker.
Sorry.
Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
I agree with you 115%.
I mean, here is Cuban and I'm a Democrat.
And I'm against the war.
And against the war.
So of course, I'm a communist.
Are you ready to be a communist?
Have you got your own body corn?
Here's the part that I think is just wonderful.
All these reservists, when they are called up to active duty,
they have to lead their job, obviously, and they get their pay from the military,
which is peanuts compared to what they make on their regular job.
And the government does not make up the difference.
So their family is left behind.
We have to be able to make their mortgage payment.
But our president, our wonderful George Bush,
wants to have tax cuts for the top 1% during a time of war.
And also wants to cut veterans' benefits.
Not to mention he doesn't have any legislation in place to try to help these reservists
that are now being called up to active duty.
That's correct.
Again, just a Republican regime continues to pull the world over the eyes of these people.
I'm embarrassed to say my father is a very hard Bush, Bush, Bush.
He's the best thing since sliced bread.
He's down there celebrating or whatever the hell they did this weekend.
And during a time of war, it's just unbelievable.
And at least we've got you as an outlet.
I know that you don't care too much for Randy Rhodes,
but at least she's up here in Palm Beach County,
at least getting a word out for whoever is listening.
And it's just pathetic.
It's absolutely pathetic and just keep up your good work.
Okay, thanks.
Tell Daddy, give back kind of an anabode.
Get lost.
Lost pops.
Robin Cook writes in the Sunday UK mirror,
let's send Rumsfeld in this Hawks' war instead.
He said this was meant to be a quick, easy war.
He, by the way, was the former leader of the UK House of Commons
who resigned over the Iraq invasion?
He said this was meant to be a quick, easy war.
Shortly before I resigned as a cabinet colleague told me not to worry about the political fallout,
this war would be finished long before pulling day for the May local elections, he said.
I just hope those who expected a quick victory are approved right.
I've already had my fill of this bloody unnecessary war.
I want our troops home and I want them home before more of them are killed, says Robin Cook.
On Can I interrupt myself, you know, who was great last night was Andy Rooney.
Then did you see Andy Rooney last night?
The best, oh, I should have taped it.
That was sensational.
Really?
Finally.
Oh!
He ought to get a sitting ovation.
But anyway, Robin Cook says it's okay for Bush to say the war will go on for as long as it takes.
He's sitting pretty in the comfort of Kent David, protected by scores of security men to keep him safe.
It is easy to show your resolute when you're not one of the poor guys stuck on a stands
during peering around for snipers.
This week British forces have shown bravery under attack and determination in atrocious weather conditions.
They're too disciplined to say it, but they must have asked each other how British forces ended up exposed by the mistakes of US politicians.
We were told the Iraqi army would be so joyful to be attacked that it would not fight.
A close colleague of US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld predicted the march to Baghdad would be a cakewalk.
We were told Sodom's troops would surrender a few days before the war, vice president Dick Cheney predicted
that the Republican Guard would lay down their weapons.
We were told the local population would welcome their invaders as liberators, Paul Wolfowitz, number two of the Pentagon,
promised that our tanks would be greeted with an explosion of joy and relief.
Personally, I would like to volunteer Rumsfeld, Cheney and Wolfowitz to be embedded alongside the journalist with the forward units.
That would give them a chance to hear what the troops fighting for every bridge over the Euphrates think about their promises.
The top US general William Wallace has left the cat out of the bag.
The enemy were fighting is different from the one we'd wargamed, he said.
War is not some kind of harmless arcade game. Nobody should start a war on the assumption that the enemy's army will cooperate.
But that's exactly what President Bush has done, and now his Marines have reached the outskirts of Baghdad. He doesn't seem to know what to do next.
It wasn't meant to be like this. By the time we got to Baghdad, Sodom was supposed to have crumpled.
A few days before I resigned I was assured that Sodom would be overthrown by his associates to save their own skins, but they would do it only at five minutes past midnight.
It's now long past that time and Sodom is still there.
The compensate yesterday we blew up a statue of Sodom in Vazra, a statue. It's not the statue that terrifies local people, but the man himself, and they know that Sodom is still in control in Baghdad.
Having marched us up this cul-de-sac, Donald Rumsfeld has now come up with a new tactic.
Instead of going into Baghdad, we should sit down outside it until Sodom surrenders.
This is no more brutal form of warfare than a siege. People go hungry, the water and power to provide the sinews of a city snap, and children die.
You can catch a glimpse of what would happen in Baghdad under siege by looking at Vazra, its residents have endured several days of summer heat without water.
In desperation they've been drinking water from the river into which the sewage empties, those conditions are ripe for cholera.
Last week President Bush promised that Iraqis will see the great compassion of the U.S.
They certainly don't see it now. They don't see it in Baghdad, what they see is women and children killed when missiles fall on marketplaces.
They don't see it in Vazra, what they see is the suffering of their families with no water, precious little food and no power to cook.
There will be a long-term legacy for a hatred for the west of the Iraqi people continue to suffer from the effects of the war we started.
Washington got it wrong over with, let me try it again. Washington got it wrong over the ease with which the war could be won.
Washington could be just as wrong about the difficulty of running Iraq when the fighting stops.
Already there are real differences between Britain and America over how to run post-war Iraq. The dispute over the management of the Port of Oomkasa was a good example.
British officers sensibly took the view that the best and most popular solution would be to find local Iraqis who knew how to do it.
Instead, the U.S. have appointed an American company to take over the Iraqi asset. And guess what?
Stephen or services of America who got the contract have a chairman known for his donations to the Republican Party.
The argument between Blair and Bush over whether the UN will be in charge of the reconstruction of Iraq is about more than international legitimacy.
It's about whether the Iraqi people can have confidence that their countries are being run for the benefit of themselves or for the benefit of the U.S.
Yesterday there was a sad and moving ceremony as the bodies of our brave soldiers were brought back to Britain, the Ministry of Defense announced that they were to be buried in Britain out of consideration for their families.
We must do all we can to ease the grief of those who lost a husband or a son cut down in their prime. Yet I can't help asking myself if there wasn't a better way to show consideration for their families.
A better way could have been not to start a war which was never necessary and is turning out to be badly planned.
Right, Robin Cook, the former leader of the UK House of Commons who quit over the war.
Must be a con.
560-560-050560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Let me tell you about something that really is good for you and that's Oliomit.
Oliomit is fantastic. It really works. Oliomit soft gels contain pharmaceutical grade olive oil. It's not just plain ordinary olive oil but super concentrated and loaded with health benefits.
Oliomit every day can up reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol. Plus there are 14 different Oliomit formula to choose from.
Each one combines pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins, minerals and herbals to support specific needs from your bones, your blood pressure to your immune system.
Just pick out the formulas that are right for you and what you need.
And now there are three new Oliomit formulas. One to help your sleep. One to help you control your weight and co-Q10.
You'll find Oliomit at public's, records, Walgreens, Whole Food, markets, Navarro's and Siddon.
If you're Oliomit, then start popping in your push for better health.
So we can't talk about your ponytail. 1022, Jeff Cohen won't leave until we mention the world famous pizza loft. In fact, there's still banner planes over Baghdad in case there's Sada Monson with delivery.
I'd like to give him a delivery and all of this. Okay, nice seeing you. Have a great life. You look too skinny. You look anorexic. You lost too much weight. Say hi to Todd Drek in the back while before you leave. Give him one of those two for me.
Speaking of the Jimmy Burstle in column about washing your hands, I got to wash my hands too. You want to know why my right hand? Because when Todd Drek came in here, kind of like a knee jerk reaction.
He extended his hand a little. I reached out my hand and he shook my hand. Todd Drek doesn't hand sanitizers. I'm going to be scrubbing it lightly since the hand too.
Todd Drek, the anxious one was in here. Here's a lady in Key Largo. Hello.
Hi, Nail. Yes, I am. You have talked just a little bit about the air that people would breathe with when they were in Iraq and at 9-11.
Yeah. A girl that I work with, her sister, Skate 9-11, she has brain cancer, lung, breast, cervical cancer now. Wow.
And this is what we're looking at. And this is what's going to happen to the people and the guys that are coming back from Iraq and it's only to start for the people who survived 9-11.
You're right. It's that commentary. But I love the listener show. Thank you so much. Thanks. Bye-bye.
5-6-7. I mean, you know, I don't want to be the voice of doom and gloom, but there are a lot of grotesque ancillary things that happen out of this.
It's not like, you know, it's going to be very antiseptic and we're dropping these precision bombs and we're already hitting Saddam's headquarters and we hit his sons of palace today.
And you know, like it's all happening and some kind of an antiseptic atmosphere.
Like in the midst of an oxygen tank, you know, we're surgically doing this and surgically doing it. And in the meantime, surgically a lot of people die in two and having their lives in their health destroyed.
You're going to go starting war as Mr. You better have some goddamn good reason as opposed to you think maybe someday somebody might be a threat.
Somebody someday might do this and they might do that. And every single day if you watch the CBC and the BBC, they have documentaries on again.
In fact, where the hell was it yesterday? So somewhere, certainly not on the regular networks on the propaganda networks.
About the whole history of Saddam Hussein and how he got into power in the first place and about how he was Reagan's boy.
He was Reagan's man over there. His man and I rack the anti-Aitola man. That's correct.
And after they gas the Kurds and all of a sudden the book of course the Iranians were gasing them and they were gasing them back.
So there was a lot of gas going around, but Ronnie forgets what it was all about. He forgot what it smelled like too.
And we didn't say a goddamn thing. We didn't care. We couldn't have given a crap less.
And Rumsfeld's over there. They showed the pictures again over there. Rumsfeld's shaking his hand in 83 or 84 whatever hell it was.
Having a real cordial meeting and Halliburton's right in big contracts with Iraq in 1998, five years ago, five years ago,
with the butcher a bag that we're so indignant about now and represented such a great threat to our security.
And there are schmucks out there, millions of them who believe this bull crap. That's something that's frustrating to me.
You have to be a moron to believe this crap.
That he represented any kind of threat to the Brits or to the American public. You have to be a M-O-R-O-N.
Well said Mo. And what are the first two letters of moron? Mo.
Here's Evan Chura. Hello.
Evan Chura.
Yes, Mr. Rogers.
You are the only sane voice in this sea of stupidity.
Yes, I am.
But really what really the funniest thing that I want which retar thought of that operation Iraqi freedom.
From the same token Hitler could have called the invasion of Poland, you know, illegal war in Poland.
Operation, Operation Freedom.
That's right.
Or the stunning could have called the invasion of Finland of Operation Finnish Freedom.
Right, isn't it your finish?
I wonder which which moron thought that up now if people support a world they they they support the truth.
As you said, but nobody talks about money.
Now so he has for 75 billion.
No, that's just for start. That's for start.
That's for start.
Nobody think about it.
One bunker was divided $18 million each explosion they see on TV lights up the sky.
There goes $2 million after tax $2 million to $15 million of money.
And these morons are cheer to that.
I really I used to think that he's a moron but no moron would have done better.
I mean 75 billion dollars could have paid for universal Medicare for many years to come.
This is the only industrial country in a world where 15 million people in America have no medical insurance.
So they go when they get sick either they put up with it and die or go to the hospital and lose their house.
How about the $16 billion that we offered the Turks for blackmail which they turned down by the way.
How about the $16 billion that we're handing out like candy.
You see let me just say this to you sir.
If it's me if I'm in that position I tell the Israelis the $3 billion that we give to you in 48 every year.
We're not going to give you another penny until you disband every one of those illegal settlements.
We sit down again and have some real talks about a Palestinian state and cut all of this crap with alienating every guy named Arab on the face of the earth.
And that's the way you begin to put it into terrorism.
That's right and the thing is that what do you expect from our war criminal who was elected prime minister there.
And now anyway I still think that Bush has got naked pictures because Blair is too smart of a man.
How he got snuck in this people on me.
I don't know.
Probably the expecting to get $160 billion.
I don't know because the the money wise England is not very well.
But you know what really the most ironic thing about it that people on pensions they don't buy their medication because simply the real crooks are the drug companies.
Either by the medication for the monthly pension or eat for it.
And we are giving away $16 billion to bribe a country to let our troops go in and thank the foreign nation.
Now the Saddam Hussein should have been killed ten years ago. He's a bastard.
But start the war. It's absolutely ridiculous.
I mean we became the evil empire throughout the world. You know they look at it the evil empire.
And there is another little thing I want to mention.
You know that special forces sergeant who killed his comrades by throwing hand grenades.
Yes. A Muslim.
Well I still say that I'm real glad that we still don't have negros in my country.
56670560. I mean I can't.
No. I could let it go.
No. But I do understand what you're saying.
56670560. How many they got?
About 30 men.
Count 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's a call from plantation. Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
I think probably the main reason we attacked Iraq last time was to take Iraqi oil off the market.
Iraq has the sweetest and highest quality crude in the world.
And if you take that much supply off the market without decreasing demand that puts upward pressure on oil prices to the benefit of the government.
I'm 30 now. I'm sentenced by the way today. $30.55 a barrel I just thought I mentioned that.
Yeah absolutely.
And in 1872 the Both party was targeted by the CIA when Iraq nationalized the British and American petroleum company.
Washington then placed Iraq on a list of countries that support terrorism.
And of course that's the whole thing this time around.
The reason we're going to capture it and occupy the Persian Gulf oil fields is so that Washington can achieve vast geo strategic power and world domination into the 21st century.
That is correct.
Because the Europeans are heavily dependent on mid-east oil, the Japanese that way we'll be able to control them.
And also Washington knows that in about 30 years we're going to be running out of oil.
And most of the oil that's produced today was discovered before 1972.
Before then when we did Wildcat drilling for oil about 90% of the wells would come up dry.
But now we have satellite imaging technology that can discover oil miles underneath the ground.
So now when we drill 90% of the time we discover oil.
And that's what Washington knows. Washington knows there isn't going to be any great discoveries, new discoveries of oil in the world.
And that's why they're in the middle east to keep that oil all to themselves and maintain world domination over the rest of the planet.
But also most of the world's proven reserves of course are in the Persian Gulf.
Saudi Arabia has 25% of the world's proven reserves.
Most of that is in the northeast corner of the peninsula by the Persian Gulf.
And of course Iraq is second in petroleum reserves and they're just north of the Persian Gulf.
And so for years into the future whoever controls Gulf oil will have the potential to dominate and rule the world.
But you know if you go back in 1958 a popular revolution in Iraq over through the Hashemites who were puppet rulers serving British oil interests.
The new government helped form OPEC to resist Western control over the Iraqi oil.
So the CIA backed a coup that overthrew the government and murdered thousands of their supporters.
And one of the members of the coup that the CIA backed contains Saddam Hussein.
And that was Washington's first aggression against Iraq.
But also in the 1970s when the oil producing nations began nationalizing their oil resources and gained a greater share of revenue from Western oil companies.
A tidal wave of Arab nationalism spread all throughout the Middle East.
And that's when Washington got concerned and they first started making war plans to occupy the Persian Gulf.
But it was really when the Soviet Union began disintegrating that Washington felt bold enough to provoke and trick Hussein into invading Kuwait in order to justify a U.S. attack.
I think the CIA did this by giving a slant drilling technology to Kuwait so they could steal Iraq's oil.
Then of course Ambassador April Glassby told Hussein that Washington would not oppose him.
That's correct. We give him the wink in the nod.
And I think one of the reasons why we concocted this war against terrorism was to justify a huge military budget.
After the fall of communism I think Washington was afraid that we were going to start clamoring for our peace dividend.
And that was a threat to the military's budget.
So now George Bush has got a military budget that almost makes Ronald Reagan look like a pacifist.
But another reason I think we're attacking Iraq and now of course is to distract attention from the weakness of the domestic economy.
Markets down 165 points in the Nasdaqs down 28 I just mentioned that in passing. Thanks a lot my friend.
Yeah that's right we can't defite the commies anymore because the outside of China and Cuba and Peter Arnet how many communists are left in the world.
530 man!
310 votes on the pool which of these best described South Florida, banana republic 105.
Intellectual wasteland 47.
Land of Crooks and Schnooks 37.
Land of Sun Fun 35.
Outdoor Funeral Parlor 29.
Home for the rubber rafters 30 or 25.
Maggett Maggett 22 and Paradise.
Paradise is only got votes.
How do you like that?
I thought it would have a lot more than that.
26 to 11 at 560 WDQ.
Marlon Hobo but today.
Any interest?
Say they're expecting a crowd of 33,000.
Beaner World will be there.
Free tickets, free parking pass.
I wonder how many Phoebe's they're having there today?
Maybe 30,000.
Maybe a pin, a banner.
You know they got that Maraca up there.
I should fetch it for you.
The one?
On top of the console there.
The Marlon's Maraca.
We have a Marlon's Maraca?
Jamen, how can you show your spirit without one?
Oh right, oh, if I didn't know that.
It's a ball in the next noise.
I'll tell you one thing, the Marlon's got more balls than the dolphins.
And the Hercun's.
And that one has hair on it.
The Marlon's and the Panthers have balls.
The dolphins and the Hercun's are old smoothies.
That's all I'm here to tell you.
Any Jones shame on you.
Shame on you!
Silly old coot.
And by the way, I was talking to Mo and the hallway about that whole situation this morning.
He had a message for Eddie Jones.
Take off those checkered pants.
Yeah.
People are staring at talk Eddie.
You look like a silly old goat just like Mo.
Take off those checkered pants.
25.
See, you don't know what I'm talking about because you always see him on the sideline.
Eddie Jones from the dolphin organization.
Pacing up and down the sidelines with his hands behind his back.
Would that worried look on his wrinkled paws?
Eddie, everybody in town is staring to talk, man.
Take off those checkered pants.
I wonder he don't have no balls.
Hey, all you homeowners out there.
There are a few things in the world worse, especially on a nice warm day like it's going to be today.
Then go out in the backyard for refreshing, swim, you look into the pool and you see what a-
What is this crap?
What happened here?
It's stained, it's dirty, it might be cracking and the pool too.
Well, don't look at that mess anymore.
Just say no Mo ugly pool.
And call our good close personal friends at Atlantic Marseille.
These guys aren't just pool guys who drive around a little beat-up pickup truck with a cleaning service.
These are a real construction company.
These B, that's right, they use full-time employees, not subcontractors.
Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool business, Diamond Bright.
Atlantic Marseille has been pouring it on for 12 years.
They're licensed, they're insured professionals.
They even train other companies internationally how to do diamond-bwriting right.
And they'll give you, here's the best part of the deal, they'll give you the same great price they give the contractors.
So what's not to like?
They're in North Miami, Broward and Palm Beach call Atlantic Marseille.
They're the biggest installers of Diamond Bright anywhere in South Florida.
They'll come right to you, give you a free estimate.
And they also perform pool and deck renovations, custom lighting pool heating, and exotic water features too.
For the very best call Atlantic Marseille Tool-free, 1-800-558883.
That's 1-800-558883.
Diamond Bright do it right because Diamond Bright be a pool's best friend.
And the night and local, this is 420560.
You weigh 2A-M.
Thing rape is funny.
Here.
No.
No, startups hiding.
A lot more than goes.
Uh-huh.
They say their weapons, a vast destruction.
I see recently a couple mega-times by me right.
In the Gulf War, let him off the hook.
I think it's time to give his butter wool.
Break them.
So it's time to blow those B-wons up on their own.
While they're off, till there's nothing left to see on their own.
Till Saturn 6B-D on their own.
Blow up the cream while they're off.
Huh?
And their stays got some dirt and chemicals that die.
The city I learned in my bones' skulls.
If we land the fair, we're gonna be wet.
Because some of them smells more bitter.
Come here up.
Bring it to an end.
Come here up.
Blow them up again.
Come here up.
Laugh or see an end.
Come here up.
Blow them up.
Come toss the stupid bomb.
Blow them up.
Come here, let it come.
10-21, 19-4-5-60.
The bombs are bursting in air, baby.
You can smell them.
British soldier slams cowboy US pilot over fatal friendly fire.
A British soldier who survived a fatal friendly fire incident
is launched a skating attack on the US pilot responsible for killing his comrade.
He, the pilot, had absolutely no regard for human life.
I believe he was a cowboy.
He just got out on a jolly Lance Corporal Stephen Gerard told the Times of London,
regarding the incident on Friday.
Gerard 33 spoke to one of the papers reporters from his bed
aboard the British hospital ship Argus in the Gulf.
A British soldier was killed and four others were injured Friday
in a friendly fire incident in southern Iraq.
The fifth such casualty since the war began.
He was killed after an American A-10 tankbuster plane
guarded two-hour targeted, two armored vehicles near Iraq's second largest city of Basra.
You've got an A-10 with advanced technology,
and it can't use a thermal site to identify whether a tank is friend or foe.
It's ridiculous to say.
Combat is what I've been trained for.
I can command my vehicle.
I can keep it from being attacked.
What I've not been trained to do is look over my shoulder to see whether an American is shooting at me.
He added, I'm curious about what's going to happen to the pilot he killed one of my friends.
Gerard also criticized the pilot for shooting when there were civilians so close to the tanks
there was a boy of about 12 years old he was no more than 20 yards away
when the yank opened up.
There were all these civilians around.
Three of the injured British soldiers, including Gerard, were flown home to Britain late Sunday
after being treated for a shrapnel wounds and burns,
a fourth remained in the hospital ship's intensive care unit according to the Times.
After this I'm quite pleased to be going home.
One of the wounded Lieutenant Alice McEwen told the paper,
blue on blue has always been one of my biggest fears.
It's something that my friends and family joked about.
Don't worry about the Iraqis.
It's the Americans you want to watch they said.
The proof is in the pudding really.
The fatal incident brought to five.
The number of British soldiers have been killed by friendly fire since the West Led War on Iraq began March 20th.
Don't worry about the Iraqis so much.
Watch out for those crazy yanks.
March 20th is what they're saying.
Marlins game today baby.
And clearance of course is right on top of things comes in to tell us 340 is the Marlins on deck not 330.
Okay.
See we thought it wouldn't be like 40 minutes after.
The hour would probably be like,
about 30 minutes after but comes about 340.
As if anybody really cares,
parents nobody cares.
Nobody gives a crap what time your pregame show is on.
I understand you, sir.
You know, it would have been nice to get the thing right last week,
even though he wasn't here.
Where was he?
Oh, he was healing up from the beast from his encounter.
No, it's serious.
I heard he was intensive care.
He had like 82 stitches in his back.
But nevertheless.
Marlins and the fillets at 4 o'clock this afternoon,
the home opener, it's going to be a happening.
Nobody cares.
Nobody, there'll be a bunch of people.
They're most of them free like Carlos.
They'll be there free.
Seven o'clock we got the big wonderful guy who hasn't got any idea what he's talking about.
Any kid 10 and Joe and Mark overnight.
That's the agenda for you, baby.
We got our own agenda here at QIM.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Yes, Loneel?
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
I'm doing okay.
I'm going to ask you a few questions, sir.
I'm interested in your answer.
Do you think that, you know, obviously the world looks better,
not just America, but the world's better.
It's that I'm plus aint obviously not in power, correct?
Well, if this is going to be some kind of like a Canton mouse interrogation,
I don't know how I'm playing along.
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm just saying that, I'm just saying that.
Sir, let me respond.
Let me respond.
The world would be a better place without Fidel Castro,
without Saddam Hussein, without Osama Yamama,
without George W. Bush, and a lot of other people.
Yes?
Okay, and do you think it's not fair to the troops that people be in federal,
unpatriotic like yourself and everyone, you know, against the law?
Sir, sir, let me say this to you, okay?
The most patriotic people are the people who love their country,
and care enough about it to speak out to assholes like you, okay?
People being unpatriotic, as if the troops are over there sitting listening to me right now,
which they're not.
What a jackass!
If you're so concerned about the troops and how they feel,
I wanted to address your remarks to them on behalf of those people who have already died,
and the ones who have made, how about the two Marines,
who stepped on the landmines,
one of them lost both legs and the other one of foot.
Why don't you address your comments to them and see how they feel?
War is insanity to begin with,
but when you're fighting a war that's a necessary war to defend yourself,
that's a horse of a different color.
We're not defending ourselves against anything,
and far from defending ourselves against terrorism,
as every article has said,
what we're doing, and as Hasnim Abarak said in Egypt this morning,
what we're doing is encouraging and inciting more terrorism.
Like the four kids who evidently you don't care about who got blown up Saturday by the suicide bomber in Iraq.
You know, people like you that got a big mouth, they use a lot of flour,
oh patriotism and patriotic bullcrap!
He was trying to get out of here.
He wasn't calling from Kuwait or Iraq.
He's an idiot.
He's another one of them.
Another one of the masses.
Just dummy up, you're being unpatriotic, you're hurting the cause.
Just like that idiotic litany, I saved it.
Those three letters to the Herald on Friday by Alan and Coral Gables.
It is the duty and obligation of every American to support our troops on the field of battle.
There should be laws enacted to this effect.
If we allow our freedom of expression during a war,
it will result in the debts of any good Americans in our allies.
What does that mean?
Just another excuse like all these other bushlickers out there.
Just another excuse to curtail another freedom.
What the hell is the sense of fighting when you don't have any freedoms left?
What are we fighting for?
To defend what America used to be, is that what it is?
You idiots.
There should be laws and act.
Now let's have laws, let's have the thought police.
If you start thinking on patriotic, if you start thinking that the administration did something wrong,
they're going to come and get your ass around you up.
Would the world be a better place without all these dictators in the battle?
Yeah, I'm a bad people.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And it seems to me for all the billions of dollars in all the bloodshed that we're going to spend,
including a lot of it of the lives of the people that we're supposed to be liberating,
liberation by a elimination.
For a fraction of this cost, if we had any common sense, any intelligence,
we'd have been able to eliminate Sautomia's family a hell of a lot easier.
We'd have given Dan Radher a pair of those glasses.
Like Dan Tadont-Tamacino got there and got father three in the neck.
We'd have found some other way to do it, but that wouldn't solve the problem.
Because we have to take control of the country, we have to put in our puppet regime.
We've already got the general picked out as we told you,
one of the Bush-Chainy crowd's buddies from Orlando.
We already got him hand picked to go in here and run things.
Till we get all our ducks in a row.
Here's Miami, hello.
Miami.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Hey Richard, the Gorghvid al-Ghai.
Yeah.
It wouldn't be so sad of what you were saying was so true.
And Americans are so ignorant and don't understand what's actually going on over there.
They just had the former president of Costa Rica here at a fundraiser area,
and he had spoke over the weekend the truth, and like 150 people walked out.
Americans are so ethnic, they don't travel over the up,
they don't understand what the whole rest of the world is about,
how different it is from our world.
Most of the American public are just a bunch of flag-waving, mindless, uneducated idiots.
That's the side part.
And all the billions of dollars that are being wasted on this,
including the 16 billion that we wanted to bribe Turkey with,
every American young person in this country could have a quality education
for the kind of money that we're blowing down a drain.
But we don't have money for that.
Well, not only do we not have money for that,
but we're going to be paying for this for the next generation, please.
That is correct.
And not only in money, but in blood,
and the terrorist attacks that will inevitably occur here.
Anyway, God bless your show.
Okay, tell Gordon to stay off TV, they make them look stupid.
Oh, you got that right.
Okay, thanks.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60,
and that's cool.
That's part of the game plan.
Anybody who speaks anything opposite,
we got to get them off the air.
You know what I'm saying?
We got to do something.
Yeah, like that. There you go.
Let's get that pic of bag off the air.
And that's freedom.
That's what you people are worried about defending.
What are you thinking about?
A history lesson, a civics lesson, a geography lesson.
That's what most Americans need.
We read these things that's supposed to be funny.
Or, well, 87% of the people couldn't find the state
that they lived on the map.
And that's supposed to be funny.
And 13% of them were talking about 18 to 34-year-olds
couldn't find a guy at the MUSA on the map.
Couldn't find their ass with both hands.
How do you like that?
Mindless jackasses who sit around.
USA! USA!
And that's the idea of, you know, being involved.
Being involved.
And Chief Channel, which owns every goddamn radio station
in the country, are putting on these pep rallies
with their pom-poms.
We got our marlins pom-pom here in our little round.
There you go.
We'll show them a thing or two.
See, and it's working very well.
Support the troops, support the wars,
if there's some house anonymous.
And I'll say it again, every one of those people
who was reviled, who was absolutely excoriated during Vietnam.
And I'm talking especially about the people
who caught on real early.
And we're opening up a big mouth in screaming bloody murder.
Those people, we should build statues.
We should build monuments.
Those were the real freedom fighters.
Those were the people defending democracy
against another illegal conflict,
controlled by the Catholic Church and by big business.
A place where we didn't belong.
A place where we left with our tail between our legs
and 58,000 American kids coming home in body bags.
And I see that the parallels are scary.
And in the beginning they got, and of course then,
we didn't have the kind of, do the video game on TV technology
that we have now.
We didn't have the embeds to go there
and do the propaganda deal.
See, that's why Peter Nets got to be cut off.
Even though his reporting in MSNBC was heads and shoulders
above anybody else, what they were doing.
And I'm not a big Peter R.F. fan.
But nevertheless, his reporting,
and of course this came on the heels of CNN,
getting their people thrown out of the city.
So he was like the one link that we had
to somebody who might actually give us a little objectivity
by what was going on.
Oh no, we got to get him off of there.
We have to go step in line with all of these generals.
And very McCaffery on MSNBC said,
basically we had that bedtime story on our website
that the game plan is wrong.
It's not going to work.
They don't have enough troops.
Tommy Franks wanted another hundred and thousand,
thirty thousand troops.
And now the new deal is just denied.
Deny Rumsfeld, I never said that, you know.
Does anybody believe him?
No.
Not anybody with a brain.
Because Rumsfeld, he's like Hermann Gehring
with the map of the world.
He's got the globe in front of him.
And he and Wolfowitz and Pearl, they're sitting there.
They've got the whole thing scoped out.
Are these people military experts?
No.
Did any one of them ever fight and combat?
No.
No.
But they're experts.
In fact, here's the story right now.
Well, I must be psychic.
I didn't even look at it.
From the New Zealand Herald.
Must be another Tommy Pico publication.
Sure, answer.
You sure won't be hearing a rush quoting from this.
Lo, tor, tor, tor, tor, tor.
Seriously, why don't I make them a steak?
I guess it's because we hit the Marling game on it with desperate.
Just pontificating with that big pompous voice of his.
Rumsfeld ignored Pentagon Vice on Iraq's magazine.
Oh, that's right.
That's, you know, Seymour Hirsch.
I wonder if he knows Mitch Hirsch.
Speaking of a plague.
U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld repeatedly rejected advice
from Pentagon planners that substantially more troops and armor would be needed
to fight a war in Iraq, New Yorker magazine reports.
In its article for its April 7th edition, which goes on sale today,
the weekly said Rumsfeld insisted at least six times in the run-up to the conflict
that the proposed number of ground troops be sharply reduced and he got his way.
He thought he knew better.
He was the decision maker at every turn the article quoted an unidentified senior Pentagon planner
saying this is the mess Rumi put himself in because he didn't want a heavy footprint on the ground.
It also said Rumsfeld is overruled advice from more commander General Tommy Franks
to delay the invasion until troops do not access through Turkey could be brought in by another route
and miscalculated the level of Iraqi resistance.
They've got no resources.
He was so focused on proving his point that the Iraqis were going to fall apart,
the article by veteran journalist Seymour Hirsch said an unnamed former high intelligence official is saying.
A spokesman at the Pentagon declined to comment on the article.
And all over the weekend Rumsfeld denied, denied, never said that, I never did that.
You're full of crap, Rumi. Nobody believes you.
Nobody even believed you and Tommy Thompson there when you were babbling about...
I'm trapped.
...how do you believe that either? You jackass.
They've recached that guy.
No, but they've got a person of interest.
They've got a person of interest that they're checking out.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And for what? I mean, you have to laugh.
You're watching all propaganda all day.
Now, not just on Fox.
I mean, we know where they're coming from, anybody with a brain.
But now all the other ones are goose stepping right in line, man.
Everything's great.
Everything's on schedule, okay?
The fact that the supply lines are backed up 250 and 300 miles,
which last time I started reading history is probably not the smartest way to fight a war.
The fact that's just not a problem at all.
And the fact that they're encountering all that resistance along the way.
So we can do now first the deal was we were just going to sit out there for four to six days.
50 miles outside of Baghdad.
Now?
Now the rumors over the weekend, maybe four to six weeks.
Maybe they're just digging those trenches so they can put their own oil in.
We can have an oil fight back and forth.
Okay. See, we like the biggest fires.
They're just big latrines.
Rummy.
Rummy and Wolfowitz and Richard Pearl.
And then Cheney, the same cast of tired old war mongering imperialistic assholes.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I just wanted to say that thank God the troops can't listen to faggots like you.
Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Thank God the troops can't listen to faggots like me.
These people have to see that movie.
Forget you seeing them.
Oh, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Seriously, it's the same old crap.
It's the same old crap.
Kami, Pico, Faggot, whatever the hell it is.
Name calling.
Not any facts.
Not any rationalization for why this is going on.
Thank God the troops can't hear a faggot like you.
Maybe they should hear veterans.
What a veteran has to say.
Yeah.
And by the way, there have been a hell of a lot of veterans speaking out of bloody murder.
A lot more fierce than I've been because they've been through it.
Scream and bloody murder about this.
But you continue with all your intelligent and the audience continues listening.
They stay see where you're coming from.
And I should point out to you by the way, sir,
that a lot of those troops that are over there right now put in their lives on the line for your ass supposedly happen to be faggots.
Don't ask. Don't tell all of that crap.
As long as they stay in the closet, it's okay.
They can go over there and put their life on the line for you for a little punk like you.
For a little asshole that uses the phone as well as his weapon.
A schmuck on the end of the hall.
Anybody visiting in town?
Welcome to South Florida.
What you hear is what you get.
An outdoor septic tank.
1057 at 560 WQAM.
Tom Laman and Joe Preadow at Hollett Pontiac GMC are proud to announce their Neil Deal March Magnus Hill going on.
You don't say March 31.
So you better get down there right away because this is the last day of March last time I checked.
I bet you that Bob Eisenberg will be in here with some new copy tomorrow. What do you think?
No.
Neil Deal number one at Hollett Pontiac right now.
Pick any new GMC or Pontiac and stock.
Like the 33 mile a gallon vibe prices lowest 13,998.
And get yourself 0% financing for up to 60 months.
That's correct.
0% for up to 60 months.
Neil Deal number two.
Choose any new vehicle and stock and get you up to a $3,000 rebate.
Absolutely correct.
Get up to a $3,000 rebate on any new vehicle and stock.
And Hollett's also got great Neil deals.
Unbeatable deals.
Undependable.
Use cars, trucks and SUVs and almost limitless supply.
And as far as your credit is concerned, it is almost never a problem in Hollett because even the lowest of the deadbeats on a face of the globe,
they still can find you way to cut your deal at hell.
That's why people enjoy going there.
No pressure.
No loss on dance, no arm twisting.
Just phenomenal, unbeatable deals.
A nice friendly sales hole to deal with.
It's another great set of Neil deals going on right now at Hollett Pontiac.
You'll find them in the same spot they've been treating people right for over 35 years.
134 or 1 South, Dixie Highway.
That's US 1 across in the falls open every day, 7 days a week.
For more info call the Neil Deal hotline, tool 3.
1-885-344-211.
That's 1-885-344-211.
Don't forget all Neil deals are subject to credit.
A prophecy dealer for details.
How much party at GMC they be professional grade.
My life and love this is for 205 City.
Way to lay air.
You are to be happy and to be feeling carefree because President Saddam Hussein has defeated the
Infidel Clinton and the Satanic America, while causing grade embarrassment to the coveters.
And in flicking great pain on our enemies during the recent UN inspection standoff.
This is why my fellow Iraqi citizens I've got my tunnels.
It's to be celebrating most treaseless leaders' weekends.
Yes, yes.
Automatic weapons have to be fired into the air without regard for human safety.
As you enter the Baghdad McDonald.
Bring what remains of your family to be meeting Ronald Makhravede the door.
Do not be forgetting, and no today I have to be chopping up the hands of the handbrake.
You are to be sending the crew of your loyal to play in the Kitty Bunker.
As you choose from a most pending menu that includes big maxlet secrets, scud song.
Miss McBoom sandwich.
Quarter founder with views.
Not to be forgetting our famous fly.
Yes, my fellow Iraqi citizens.
We are to be celebrating our wondrous leaders Saddam Hussein's victory.
Over the soulless ones of the United Nations.
And eat this weekend at the Baghdad McDonald.
A portion of pussy will be given to our great leaders Saddam Hussein's most secretive research and program to be building weapons of mass destruction.
111560 WDQAM 56670560.560 on the AT&T of Ryzen Line on Neorajers.com.
Today we ask which of these best describes South Florida?
379 votes, pretty heavy duty, but an November public 119.
Intellectual Wasteland 58.
Land of Crooks and Schnooks 47.
Land of Sun and Fun 41.
Outdoor funeral parlor 36.
Haven for rubber rafters 34.
Maggett Maggett 29.
And Paradise 16.
You know when you wear a lime green pants, you have bad verticals veins in a big smelly bag.
I guess this must be Paradise.
Especially when you can't go anyplace else.
Oh there's Ken Allard, Colonel Ken Allard.
He's one of the worst shows of them all on MSNBC.
Clean up some of these other areas.
Let's clean him up a little bit.
You know, clean him up.
You know, nobody's gonna die.
Just clean him up.
Very antiseptic. Get out the comet cleanser. Get out the agent.
Clean them from life.
Oh, brother.
This guy there.
Every time they put this guy in here, they ought to be playing everything's coming up roses in the background.
Da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da.
Here's a lady in Melbourne. Hello.
Melbourne?
Yes, ma'am.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
I'm so happy to hear you again.
I lost you for several years when I moved from South Florida.
And I'm so delighted that you're back on here.
You are right on.
Well, I never went anywhere.
I mean, you were gone, but I've been here.
I thought you were in Canada now.
Yeah, but I broadcast a show from there sometimes.
I'm always on this station.
Right. Well, see, I couldn't get you because I moved from South Florida up to Lake City.
And I couldn't possibly reach that station.
I couldn't.
Come on on the Internet.
Do you have a computer?
I didn't have one when I was up there.
Oh, shame on you.
I know.
A little behind time.
Darling, I got on to the Internet and I checked out the voting on that shit on it.
Be fired.
Have you seen those?
No, no, who's taking that poll?
The poll is newsday.com.
Okay.
Yes, 69.4%.
Can you believe this?
No.
No.
27.5.
And not sure, 3.1.
Does that tell you the mentality of this country?
Absolutely.
What is wrong with the superiority?
Neil, I am a veteran.
I'm a veteran protester.
I started with the Korean War and with Vietnam and Cambodia and Inaiguragua and all of it.
I have been protesting more.
I have never, ever seen an attitude like this nation has shown since the inauguration.
Well, the good news is I just checked the poll.
Yes.
1283 responses.
Should he have been fired 59% no 28 point or 38.5% not sure 2.5%.
Or is that one?
So what?
Huh?
Or is that one?
On newsday.
Well, that happened since I've been unhoved.
Yeah.
So, yeah, well, there won't be that many votes in the beginning.
Plus, of course, you can always assume that the freepers from the right-wing websites are all
loading this up with pony votes.
So, that's really close.
Exactly.
Neil, what the hell more do they want?
They won the White House.
They got the car.
No, no, they did not win the White House.
They stole the White House.
Well, they were appointed and appointed by the Supreme Court, right?
By their people.
By Clarence Token Thomas.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And, well, you are just so right on Neil.
I just love listening to you.
Yes, I am.
And, keep up the group.
Okay, thanks a lot.
What do you need voices like you?
I'm glad you found this.
Thanks a lot.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
5-670560, 05-560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Peter Arnett, canned by National Geographic and MSNBC because he gave an interview on Iraqi TV
and he spoke the truth.
He spoke his opinion.
That we miscalculated.
And that we're going to like re-ex-designing our world plan now.
Well, she's not the only one saying that.
Well, he had not.
He's done.
Finito.
We'll see him, no more.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
What's up, now?
Yes, sir.
Neil, Peter Arnett spoke the truth that everybody knew.
All right, he didn't say anything different.
We all know there's not enough troops in there to do anything.
It's the Vietnam mistake all over again.
Air power does not win wars.
I don't care if you have the most sophisticated fly machine.
In the world, it's not going to squat all around.
Especially when you're trying to do the surgical war because you know if you start dropping bombs in residential areas,
that the rest of the world is going to like come down on you.
And the American public is going to have a nervous breakdown.
All they're doing is hiding in their little holes, waiting to the bombs to stop before they could come out and start, you know, put whacking everybody.
Yeah.
And then Colin Powell, they have him locked away in a closet.
I mean, I haven't seen him all during this time.
You know, and run felled.
Not only do we have not enough troops to fight Iraq, he's threatening Syria and Iran.
Yeah, that was another thing.
We have that on the website.
The great column by Marine Doudigan about Syria and Iran.
I mean, that's all our troops over their knee.
They need our support, but that's all they need for Syria and Iran to get involved in this.
And then we got North Korea shooting off rockets, red glare all over the place.
I mean, this is going to be a mistake.
And this mistake is going to cause American lives and blood.
And you know what, when the elections come next time in Britain, I'm not, I mean, I won't be mistaken if this guy is out.
And whoever goes in pulls all his British troops out of there.
And you know what, I'll be glad they pull out.
When they pull them out.
Okay, thank you sir.
Bye bye. Tony Blair.
Maybe the naked pictures are Tony Blair and Colin Powell, what do you think?
Huh? Could be.
Because Colin was adamantly opposed to this in the beginning.
All of a sudden, he made that wild turn, you know?
Yeah.
And supposedly because he got pissed off at the end of some comments by the French and the Germans, whatever.
But I don't think that was it.
No.
He has a family, right?
There was something else involved there.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
British NPCs catastrophe ahead.
That's on our website today.
Or was it yesterday?
Well, one of these days.
You know, if I wanted to sit and read all the bedtime stories, we could go till midnight.
I don't want to do that.
But I think I might reread the Jimmy Brezzling thing at the end of the show.
I already tore it up. I'll print it out again.
And he's right.
There's blood on the hands of the people who are perpetrating this.
And I'll say it again, even though he didn't say it.
There's blood on the hands of everybody who's supporting it.
Either directly or indirectly.
Blood on your hands.
Go to the sink and out to come.
A cleanser and start scrubbing right now.
No matter how hard you scrub like Jimmy Brezzling said, it still comes back.
It's still there.
Just like we thought with PD Lenny.
And then finally.
Finally cut that cord.
Here's a call from Coral Springs, huh?
Hi, Neil.
No, that's not blood on their hands, Neil.
That's oil.
Yeah.
It's oil.
This is all about a $1 billion contract for Howard Burton oil.
That was in the Sunday paper.
Yeah.
I noticed that's not splattered on the TV.
When we talked about that months and months and months and months ago, over a year ago.
No, no, no.
They just got this $1 billion contract.
What are we doing?
We're going to get it.
That's all news.
I don't know how people can support a president who's done nothing but sell us out since he's gotten in there.
He sold us out on the economy with the stupid 10-year tax cut.
Which, whether you're to the far left or far right, most normal thinking people said it was a bad idea.
He sold us out on the environment by taking like a million or two from his coal buddies
and then relaxing the standards.
They don't have to spend tens of millions of dollars to fix up their air, to fix up their air.
And now he's selling us out human life for oil.
Why would you go and attack somebody while they're in the middle?
He didn't even let them destroy the missiles and they were destroyed.
You're going to send your troops in.
Are you going to destroy the weapons?
Out of time, man.
We were out of time.
Yeah.
And why is that?
I didn't have to be on that certain time level.
It had to be in that time level.
Couldn't wait another two months.
That was Rally's time limit.
Yeah.
What upon your crap?
Okay, pal.
Amen.
What's your crap is what he said?
Crap, CRAP.
Like that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon line.
10 past 11.
Don't forget it's Marlon's opener, man.
Big day in South Florida.
Marlon's head, balls.
Right.
We got them arachas, man.
We're going to bring out the Mariachi Bandit Low Wild
with a little pregame festivities here on the air.
Now, what time is that pregame show 340-230-340-172?
Well, yeah, he's just, the clearance hasn't been the same since, uh,
I think he's letting the beast get to him, so to speak.
Oh, here's some new copy from my friend, Alan.
Over at Delights and what timing, too.
Isn't it coming up right now?
It's coming up right this moment.
Thank you, Alan.
Of course, he knows PDLanys going to fact Alan's probably dancing a jig.
You don't have to see him anymore.
Delights and what's the best book?
It can obviously slim down with over 700 low-carb of high-rate sugar-free products.
Whether it's number one atkinsdyte or any low-carb sugar-free diet.
Delights and what's the best book?
It's your low-carb superstore.
Coming in sample, some of their newest bakery products,
like chocolate cupcakes and brownies for all you brownie hounds by Contrul Carb.
With only one effective carb, gram of carbs per serving.
And don't forget Delights and credible selections of low-carb pasta, sauces,
dressings, cheesecakes, chocolates, and their famous soft serve carbolite ice cream.
Tiny used to like leaf soft serve.
Don't forget, at Delights and West Vocal All-Ackin products are 25% off all day every day.
Stop by, talk to their knowledgeable staff, and you'll see why I've been telling about this incredible store
for the past three years.
There's no place like it.
They're open every day, 10 to 10 on the corner, a northeast corner of blades in 441,
right next to Boston Market.
You can call them Tool-Free at 1-877 Low-Carb or shop them on the web.
And don't forget, at Delights and West Vocal All-Ackin's retail center.
Find a local Fist, C-C-C-560.
The radio's on your thumb.
Q-E-M.
With the sewer of this place.
Come here, Donald Trump talk to.
What's up my chute?
It's a face!
It's number one!
Superbok!
And purviews to any wrongdoing.
Impute with the power of God.
And who disguises as the president.
And protected by the mainstream press.
Wights are never ending battle for oil,
Palabrton, and the American f***ing way.
Stop right there, evil gears.
A puff your magic oil, Janie.
Superbok!
With Korea's firing nuclear missiles right out of this.
You gotta do something.
They got oil there.
I don't think so.
Maybe later.
11-13.
I was busy over here doing something.
Okay, just relax.
I was putting out the Jimmy Vreslin story again.
Plus, of course, these brakes, man.
Hey, you salespeople.
Got to sell some spots, will you?
Good, Gallio.
Missed my last day of the month, so naturally,
everything kind of like runs off.
This is just a sand.
Really tragic.
I guess somebody forgot to tell the president about Jimmy Olson.
Gay.
Yeah.
Otherwise, he wouldn't be associated with something like that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Are there franches coming in on this thing or not?
I don't know.
Are you unplugged it?
Plugged it back in?
It's printing, but now that I think about it.
Huh.
The main time is called normal answer mode,
but I don't think it's doing anything.
I think somebody missed also over the weekend
with our fax machine.
They tinkered with it.
Which would not be a good thing.
Which is the last thing in the world that we need.
Here's a call from a pompano.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
Hey, you're getting some calls.
That sounds like a real...
About time.
An adequate with my call.
Probably.
First I was going to...
The reason I called originally was about the...
The road to the...
Who got fired?
Piano net.
You said you saw it under the nation?
I didn't see the nation itself,
but they reshore the clip on MSNBC.
Did you notice that...
Directly after the interview for some reason,
both Katie and...
What the hell?
Matt...
We're giggling under their breath.
Did you see...
Did you notice that?
No, I did not see that,
because I didn't see...
Like I said, I don't see the clip of his apology.
Unbelievable.
They were laughing?
What were they laughing about?
I can't figure out why...
I still am trying to figure out why they were doing that,
but just directly right after...
He got off and he apologized.
I'm sorry to hear it.
You know, that was bad.
I wish he wouldn't have done that.
He shouldn't have done that,
but because he was fired already,
but right after that,
he shot his video off and they went to the...
The set they were giggling under,
and they tried to hide it.
It was weird.
Thanks for the good news.
Okay, Matt and Katie,
a couple of bubbleheads,
which is why millions of people watch that crap.
Nice haircut, by the way, Matt.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on a AT&T,
and I know what happened to him.
Do you still have a head full of hair?
How many hair do you have?
He's got left.
5, 30, man.
Here's Lake Worth.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Neil, my husband has been looking for new paradise
to run away to.
It can't even watch the news,
hardly any more.
It's just so disturbing.
Yeah.
But I wanted to tell you that I was on playbacks
for two years with aspirin,
and you can survive,
not pretty, but in the doctors want to get you off it
as soon as you can, as soon as they can.
Yeah.
But you can't get through some playbacks.
And you didn't develop...
Oh, bruising.
I'm not going to do that.
I have to be out of my mind to do that.
Yeah, I know.
And I went back to emergency rooms
and talked to people and tried to get off it.
And what did they say?
Well, because I had one valve in my heart that was clogged
and because I had a really bad heart attack,
and they said you have to stay on it
in order to keep the valve open.
Finally, they ended up doing it.
Well, so your problem was a lot more extreme than mine was.
Right.
And they ended up doing a radiation treatment.
They put a pallet of radiation in the artery
and opened it to like a brand new procedure.
And it's been successful, thank you.
Yeah.
But you can survive, but boy, it's nasty stuff.
Yeah, I don't want to walk around like the purple people
eat or anymore.
And I had trouble eating.
It ate away like it felt like I had sin skin on the inside
of my mouth, and I couldn't eat any hot seasoning foods.
Really?
So, horrendous.
I wish I had the same problem.
I mean, not the feeling in a mouth, but thinking from.
Okay, I'm glad everything worked out.
Good luck for two years.
Thanks.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
560-560, 560 on the AT&T
of Verizon Line, another lady in Orlando.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Hi.
Hi.
I'm a nurse, Dean at Boston.
We're listening to your show.
And we just have a couple of comments.
Okay.
First, we were wondering what your opinion is on these
activities that are sacrificing themselves or killing their own people to fight.
It seems like we're only talking about the troops and that we shouldn't be there,
yada yada yada.
The other thing is, we're waiting for that.
I don't know what you want me to say about that, is if we don't know that that kind of thing is going to happen.
Well, what do you mean we don't know that kind of thing?
We are waiting.
The CIA already warned that these guys are things we're going to happen.
They knew that the kinds of things that were going to be done.
So you think we should stop the stand by and let them do that?
No, I know what I think is we don't put our troops in harm's way.
We don't put troops in there to fight the war, the kind of way they were fighting it.
And let these people be butchered and blown away.
That's what I think.
Well, either, well, anyway, what we have to do is...
Not to mention all the civilians who are being used as human shields and being slaughtered.
Man, I'm not going to waste my time.
Okay, you sound like it's simple.
And go back to Phoenix.
Go back to the factory.
I'll unpack this country.
Now she's in a simple thing.
What do you think about?
Yeah, that's not people.
No, no, no, see, let me say it again.
These are the same people who believe it was going to be very antiseptic.
Everybody was going to welcome us with open arms and with flowers and with a smile on their face.
Let me tell you, they don't trust us.
They don't trust the British.
They don't trust the Americans.
And you'll notice that when the first supplies came into Bosnia, the supply trucks,
and at first they were carrying the pictures of Sodom and they were shouting obscenities
at the American, the Allied troops at the British.
And then of course they ran under to grab the water and whatever food they could get.
They'll take whatever because they're trying to stay alive.
See, that's what it's all about.
We should play the BG, stay alive.
They're hungry, thirsty, children.
Desperate.
Desperate to stay alive.
But that doesn't mean that they like us and they sure as hell don't want us there.
They've been through this before.
And by the way, are we doing a wonderful job in Afghanistan?
We're more and more innocent.
The troops are dying every day.
Are we doing a beautiful job there?
See, this is the history of this country.
We never finish anywhere.
Did we finish in Korea?
No.
Oh, that's why we got to problem in North Korea maybe, huh?
Did we ever finish there? No.
Did we finish in Afghanistan the first time?
No.
No.
And in the meantime, some of the real worst evil doers like the Pakistani government
who came in power with a coup by a military general,
their illegitimate government, and the Saudis, the House of Saud,
the good business partners of the Bush family,
these are some of the worst evil doers.
We're not saying nothing about them.
They're not on the list.
Maybe someday after we take care of Syria and Iran and then North Korea,
maybe we'll get around to them.
Friends, we kind of like the Hymen Roth Michael Krolyone coalition.
Same thing.
Who's going to get who first?
Here's a call from Naples. Hello.
Hi, Danielle.
Yes, sir.
I'm Peter, I'm making a...
This is the first time that you're here,
you're showbiz, we're not on from Los Angeles,
we're from Virginia.
And we get a lot of stuff out there, a lot of great stuff,
like web active, like this and this and this and that,
but it's just like a radio,
and we get really good stuff.
But you can hear Mrs. Antasca be here on the radio,
and I'm flying against it.
I'm flying in Florida.
And I hope that the people are actually,
running around your abroad, because I think it's great.
And I'm happy here, and I would love to hear more of this stuff.
And I could tell you some websites that are being played.
Have you heard of Dave Henry?
No.
David Emory's, great.
What's I...
Go to...
Spitfirelist.org
or Spitfirelist.
SPIT.
S-I-R-E-L-I-S-T.org.
And this guy lays out the Bush family and all the connection
with that, you know, always going back to Prescott Bush
and his affiliation with the Nazi.
Right.
And then all the way through until now.
And it's brilliant.
It's brilliant stuff on there,
all streamed and laid out with amazing references
and research and great stuff.
Okay, I'm doing it.
Yeah, so I tell him, you know, I think it's great.
You guys are doing a fantastic job.
And I'd love to hear more of this descendant.
And, you know, it's good.
Way to go.
Okay, thanks a lot.
I said, say, how do that self-hanging faggot Alice Red tell
by the way when you go back to LA?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
The thing was filled.
Are you sure it's just a mind-boggling to me?
But then again, if it's good enough for Howard Spurmer,
it must be good enough for Phil, huh?
Everybody just go a step into line.
We'll give you, we'll write out the script.
You understand, you get stuck, you get stuck, everyone.
Exactly.
You might mention my name's Rice Marshall Gering.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60.
On the AT&T, Inforizon Wireless Line.
Every time I see one of those big protest marches
and they have the big, big posters
with a picture of Bush and the Hitler mustache
and they get over the head.
And I think right on, baby, now you're catching on.
I guess I was the first one to start calling them,
not season-fascists, a long time ago,
because a lot of other people were a little slow.
A little slow on the uptake.
Or maybe because they felt it wasn't the appropriate
to corum to use that kind of language.
Well, when the whole world, when the future whole God
they implanted as its stake, I say,
screwed to corum.
Here's Miami, hello?
Hey, and the other way around.
Yes, sir, okay.
Did you hear about Heralba?
I just thought his push on the resectling
go, but I didn't listen to the audio.
What was that?
Uh, the military kicked him out of Iraq
for revealing operational details
about future military plans.
Oh, right.
I was wondering what he was with.
Good.
He's gone.
Good. When did Doc kick his ass out?
I just let you like to hear that.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
Okay, I guess Heralba can't be over there
to exploit that situation anymore.
Good.
In fact, I'll tell you what,
since he's leaving, put Peter Rennett back in.
Well, he actually, Peter Rennett's still there, I guess.
Right.
Talking to whoever, I guess.
He's just got a megaphone.
He's out there in a street corner.
Anybody listening?
We'll report for food.
Oh, five six seven, oh, five sixty.
Pound five sixty on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line.
442 votes on our poll.
Which of these best describes South Florida?
Banana Republic 145.
Intellectual Wasteland 69.
Absolutely correct.
Land of Crooks and Schnooks 56.
Land of Sun and Fun 46.
Outdoor Funeral Parlor 40.
Haven for rubber raptors 38.
Maggett Magnet 31.
And Paradise only 17.
Paradise ain't doing too good, Mal.
Don't forget, by the way,
to Mulk Hurley and Larry,
a special on the three students
is at eight o'clock tomorrow night.
Did I smit-can that?
I guess they tossed it out.
Now, what is it on?
I don't know, I forgot.
Eight o'clock?
I think eight o'clock tomorrow night.
On NBC.
So it must be a something.
Here's a call from Hollywood.
Any other two points?
Yes sir.
One is it was excellent to hear a veteran,
Jesse Ventura,
when he made his statement on MSMBC the other night
that the soldiers need to understand
that we've learned our lesson in Vietnam,
that these protests are not against the troops
that they are against the war themselves.
That's right.
And that they understand that.
And his wonderful words were,
failed.
This is nothing more than a result of failed political policy.
So without saying it,
he knows that Bush is a failure.
And the second thing I need to point out is,
finally, it was good to see that
Colonel Hackworth has moved
from the Fox propaganda channel
over to CNN and gave his very dissenting opinion
on what is going on,
that he sees it exactly the way you do.
I thought that this morning's a matter of fact.
Vietnam all over again.
I guess they must have kicked his ass out of Fox,
Rupert Murdoch, the one no part of that.
Well, because he, I think,
also even Hackworth figured out that Fox
did not interested in the truth,
but interested in the party line.
You got it.
Good day.
Thanks for the good news.
Yeah, I saw some of that this morning's a matter of fact.
Colonel Hackworth, who is a pissed off and foaming at them out.
Nice going, Colonel.
26 past 11 at 5,
60 WDQ and we got the mad dog
from the ballpark this afternoon,
one o'clock from a PPP park.
Well, we better play that headway, PPP park.
We should.
Since today is opening day,
everybody's going to go over there
and take like a little PPP in the infield.
I'm still my Marlinda Maraca here.
God, this makes you feel so fake, huh?
No, it's a macho Maraca.
Oh, it is not.
It's a faggy Maraca.
Get it away from me.
I noticed Bina Boy was shaking it.
And the Maraca too.
27 past 11 at 5,
60 WDQ and if you're shaking from looking at your car,
it's a little bit of carpets and they look really schmootsy, man,
probably because they are.
There's probably dirt and near from before Edison was a baby.
Well, if you want to get your carpets looking just like brand new,
if you don't want to have to go out and spend thousands of dollars
for a new carpeting,
here's the answer for you called the Miracle Workers at dry concepts.
I've been using it in my house for way over 20 years now.
And these are the only people in the world who dry clean your carpets.
It's an exclusive patented method when they get done your carpets
looking smell-emony fresh.
You've got a big smile on your pussy,
drying a couple of hours,
and you'll be amazed at how they do look and feel and smell,
just like brand new.
And then no rip-offs when you call dry concepts
to give you a written, guaranteed price
before they start doing the job.
So don't forget, when it's time to clean those carpets,
a poultry leather furniture,
expensive area rugs,
whatever it might be.
These are the people who do it for you.
And if you have problems with pet orders and milder voters,
dry concepts can weigh their little magic wand
and make them look and smell and feel just like brand new.
Do yourself a big favor, call these folks once.
You'll never dream of using anybody else again.
Call toll-free 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071.
Log on to their website if you like it,
dryconcepts.com.
Don't forget with dry concepts,
clean today you can entertain tonight.
We are Sports Radio 560, UAM.
There's a buck I smell a shot of who sings a motherfucker.
Shot of who sings a motherfucker.
Shot of who sings a motherfucker.
Shot of who sings a motherfucker.
Shot of who sings a motherfucker.
I rack the crappy little country.
Nels likes to mustache on his face.
Just get rid of that.
You're a drink of chubby and blow up the whole goddamn face.
Shot of who sings a motherfucker.
Shot of who sings a motherfucker.
Shot of who sings a motherfucker.
Shot of who sings a motherfucker.
What?
I think.
Shot of who sings a motherfucker.
Shot of who sings a motherfucker.
Shot of who sings a motherfucker.
Shot of who sings a motherfucker.
Number 38560-WDQ-AM.
Let's wave the flag.
Maybe release some pom-poms out there at the Marlon Game this afternoon.
Marlon's in the Phillies.
I love when that thing is testing and the dial tone goes off.
And also it's a fireworks start shooting off in the air.
I love it.
That's it.
George is in there waving at a flag.
This is a pretty good article by Bill Davis.
Common dreams that work.
One of my very favorite websites.
Support our protesters.
I'm not going to read that though yet.
Don't let me forget that Jimmy Brezlin column.
Did I print that out?
To use it again?
What the hell do I do with that, George?
Oh, there it is.
Blood remains on the hands by Jimmy Brezlin.
Here's a call from Bokeh.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I wondered if you would see the article in this week's New Yorker.
Three articles, one by Seymour Hersh.
I just talked about Seymour Hersh's article a minute ago.
Did you read the other one, Leemons?
How it came to war?
No.
And also there's the bombing of Baghdad there.
Three most illuminating articles which here.
I totally agree with what you have been saying.
And I don't understand why people don't read these things.
I'll go out and pick up the New Yorker this afternoon.
By the way, what happened to Osama?
Wasn't he a dead of our life or something like that?
He's hanging out with Sodom right now again.
Oh, well, make a wonderful combination.
Exactly.
I've matched me in heaven.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
I'll go get New Yorker this afternoon.
Thanks.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
The fast machines working out, George.
Oh, my time.
Who would do such a thing?
I can't wait to get back to Toronto.
I guess I got back here just in time.
You can't escape it, baby.
Whether it's the war, whether it's SARS, whatever the hell it is.
There's no place to hide under the bed.
So get off your knees, clearance.
I'm dying over here.
Let's see, we can use science to create bugs
but no stem cell research to save lives.
No birth control methods to prevent abortion.
There's no money for any kind of nationalized health care
but there's money for this Schmidt.
It said the madness here is beyond imagination.
And the article from News Day, from Saturday,
scientist warned on Bush BioWeapons Push.
A Bush administration program to edit
at least three bio weapons labs is troubling many scientists
and arms control experts who say it can't be good to train
more microbiologists than a black art of bio-terror.
The field is suddenly awash with billions of dollars
to combat bio-terrorism and much more is promised
under President Bush's project BioShield Plan,
the money will fund a building boom of at least three new
airtight laboratories where scientists in spacesuits
handle the world's deadliest diseases.
At least six universities and the New York State Department
of Health are competing for contracts to build one of the two labs,
where scientists can infect research monkeys and other animals
with such lethal agents as the Ebola, Marburg, and Lassiviruses.
These African hemorrhagic diseases are often fatal
and always painful marked by severe bleeding.
They'll also likely create a new class of toxins,
including genetically engineered ones,
as part of the process of constructing weapons they wanted to feet.
Developing antidotes or vaccines for these toxins might take years.
It is perversely increasing the risk of exposure
said Richard Ebbright, a Rutgers University chemist professor
and bio-weapons expert who believes one additional lab is all that's needed.
Ebbright and others believe labs managed by universities
can prove less secure than government facilities,
which have had their own security lapses as it is.
How do you like that?
Bio-weapons research baby?
Bio-wons.
Oh yeah, depleted uranium.
We got a story on a website about that today.
Middle to sonner.
The Gulf War syndrome underestimated dangers
from low-level radiation.
We talked about that earlier.
So it's going to happen if the depleted uranium,
which is illegal, of course, which we're using in our weapons,
if that doesn't get them, then the toxins from the fires will get them.
And if that don't get them, the toxins from the oil,
the burning oil fires that'll get them.
Yeah, that's much of the starvation and the drought.
Showed up.
Collar they're going to get.
Quit drinking that river water stop.
They're coming.
Get your ass.
Let's see.
I've been a big fan since the days of Zeta
when I lived in Paradise, it says,
from Fountain in South Carolina, Paul.
I'm either Republican or Democrat,
but an issue by issue analyst, Bullock Point comments.
Carbon-based life forms, such as modern-day homo sapiens,
have been killing and brutalizing each other for tens of millions of years.
We are, unfortunately, technologically advanced
where we can blow our planet up instantaneously many times over,
which given the fact that nuclear technology is going on 60 years old,
is inevitable.
Oh.
If we do nothing preemptively about the likes of Sodam,
who insane, and another one of those pesky 9-11 situation happens,
only times 10 or 100, what is it, or 1000?
You'll be the first one asking, how did it happen?
How many times do we need to be victims of 10?
And let me say it again, by the way,
since Paul in South Carolina evidently is very selective
in what he hears and reads,
they just rounded up 5,000 Iraqis to be interviewed in the United States,
like I said, on Friday.
They found, you know how many they found?
Who were like here in violation of their visas?
But third man!
Exactly 30.
Did they find any connected with terrorism?
No.
Zero.
Zero.
So don't give me a lecture, Paul, about Sodam Hussein.
Also, now that the bloom is off the rose-free with Amsterdam,
you should consider a remote from Iraq,
or any of the 22 country dictated to a League of Arab nations,
I've been an outspoken gauge-y-white person,
and be welcomed with open arms, whatever the hell that means.
The little sarcasm there from Paul in South Carolina says,
sorry to confuse you with the facts.
I don't see any facts in here, okay?
Other than the Jew-Fad comment, I don't see any facts.
You see any facts in here?
No.
Just more, again, you don't agree.
You don't want to go step in line, so let's attack.
Let's do the attack.
Let's see how long you'll be on the year-over there.
I say, let's see how long I'll be on the year-over here.
Yeah.
That's right.
Far to the right.
Oh yeah, well, this Halliburton thing we had this on a website the other day,
about the one contract Halliburton lost, but that has nothing to do with the big-in-dollar one.
That's a separate one, okay?
Sorry, nice try, but you lose.
Walle and Deerfield Factses support our troops that's a major dilemma for me.
I screamed for all I was worth before the invasions, if I could change destiny.
Now I'm supposed to reverse my opinion and support the volunteer armed forces.
I don't want anyone to die for the global corporation,
bastards who operate, who orchestrate this fiasco.
Let me get this straight.
If I tow the company line, I will cheer for the total American armed forces success,
which will result in the slaughter of countless civilians and resistant fighters,
thanks to the guilt trip.
You are absolutely correct, sir.
PS, the greatest marketing campaign in history, has to be the one perpetrated by this administration
and the defense department, who convinced America that a career in the all-volunteer armed forces has no consequences.
Vietnam ended the draft, so a different mindset was created.
What a waste of genius says Walle and Deerfield are again is absolutely correct, sir.
560-560, pound 560 on the AT&T Inforizon wireless line.
Here's Carl Spring, hello.
Yeah, how you doing now?
Okay.
I can't believe what I'm here.
I think it's pathetic to be honest with you.
Let me just go a few more.
You think what's pathetic?
Let me go over a few points.
No, no, no, wait a minute.
You think what's pathetic?
Well, first of all, the stance that against this war,
choosing to push the, I feel the anger from you still arriving from the election.
But let me tell you this, this isn't similar to Vietnam.
Vietnam, we couldn't tell who the enemy is from the same way.
Oh, man, you know something's wrong.
Let me just try.
We're not waiting a minute, sir.
Wait a moment.
If you're going to have a conversation, you're very first point.
You lose already because already in the first days of this war,
especially around Basra, that was one of the reasons that a lot of our troops got killed
is because they couldn't tell the civilians from the soldiers.
We had soldiers dressed up as civilians as exactly the same as Vietnam.
And they came on here and they said it's hard to tell the good guys from the bad guys.
Let me reply that.
Point number one.
There's nothing to reply to, sir.
We can't get along.
We can't tell the difference.
They have guns through their heads.
They have to fight or their families member will be killed.
Vietnam was totally voluntary.
What, sir, let me ask you this.
What difference does it make?
Isn't the end result the same?
One side of who's saying it's taken out.
Then the people will be afraid.
Sir, let me say it again.
Isn't the end result the same?
No, because there's an individual in a regime where after...
In addition to what you're presuming that one side of who's saying is out
that these people will suddenly take a cotton to us,
it's not happening and it's not going to happen.
They're not assuming they will not.
No, I'm not presuming it.
I'm listening to what's being said.
No, we know because it's not in the same control right now.
What was his name again?
Kusam Susane.
Get out of here, you idiot.
Kusam Susane.
They're going to welcome us with open arms.
They hate us like poison.
And every day, how would you like to be sitting over to have your comfortable glasses, sir?
And every day, feel the bombs bursting in air.
Like you're having earthquakes around you every goddamn day.
And knowing that the supply of food is limited in the supply of water,
the water is probably going to be unfit to drink.
And that your kids are having their lungs destroyed and polluted and becoming asthmatic.
How would you like that?
And I tell you, oh, I'm here to liberate you, man.
I'm here to free you.
Don't you love me?
Every Iraqi border, thousands of supporters are pouring in to join the resistance.
All angry and they're all hostile and they're all pointy.
He can't believe this crap that he's hearing.
Well, guess what, sir, I'm expressing my goddamn opinion.
Okay?
If you don't like it in 20 minutes, you're right-wing hero will be on.
Fu-du-du-du-du-du-du-du-du-du, feeding bullcrab.
Make it up stuff as he goes along.
You'd just be another mindless did-ohead.
They're millions of mouth there.
And isn't it ironic that he starts his argument with the self-defeating argument about we can...
in Vietnam, we couldn't tell the good guys from the back.
We just got through with a whole episode of that.
That's what they're screaming about.
And like the CIA told them we knew this going in. We knew it going in. There was no question about there's no surprises here. And it's not soldiers dressed up as civilians. It's civilians with guns because they all have them over there.
Both fighting on their own right. Yeah. Yeah.
Civilians who hate us like poison. We're trying to get a tactical advantage. I'm not even going to waste my time. You know.
Mindless people like him who refuse to actually even if you listen to your propaganda news, they're on MSNBC and CNN and maybe even Fox all the way down it.
There's enough actual news coming through. They you know what that was going on, but you don't.
The 2000 election, the stealing of that was only was only what opened the door for this kind of crap. Give them the opportunity to carry on with their imperialistic goals. No, that's why you're pissed.
OIL MO NEY. How many years ago did I tell you that OIL MO NEY and POWER. 96. Thank you. Right down the hall.
18 till noon at 560 WQM if you don't want to order a mattress over the bed because you figure it's a big purchase. You want to see it first. Have no fear. Take it from me.
When you do business with our friends at Donald Matriss, you're not going to get any seconds any off brands. They've got only the best mattresses in the universe. They got Celi and Serta Simmons, King Corl every size and style.
They ranked number one in customer satisfaction. And Donald Matriss has got more repeat and referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat you right.
Once you buy from Donald Matriss, you'll never go back to that old-fashioned stupid way of shopping those showrooms again where you have to run around a waste gas, go all over town, comparison shop.
You can't beat the low everyday prices of Donald Matriss either. And don't forget when you buy your mattress and Donald Matriss, they set up the brand new and take away the crappy old vetting for free.
You heard me right. Donald Matriss sets up the new and takes away the old for free. So make the call right now and you are a great night sleep for weeks and months and years to come. Call 1-800-MATRUS.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
1-800-MATRUS, the easiest and smartest possible way to buy you a great new name brand bed.
There you go. I think I got it. I wiped it clean, baby. Rectum, thank you.
We'll meet again if we don't wind up dead. From the bush cartel that left us all this way.
I think it's the right one conspiracy, if you ask me.
We thought then to line us a code. It was our duty.
Have the bonds dropped from the stars gone far away.
Maybe we should have paid attention a little bit more to the facts we chose to ignore.
The price of gas is too long but I'm afraid that the line won't be going wrong.
We'll meet again with a whole lot by the way.
Civil rights will be restored when the sunny day arrives.
We'll meet again if we don't wind up dead. From the bush cartel that left us all this way.
I can't let that go. I got to work. Don't we have one of those CD cleaning things in here?
Who's we? WQAM, you're inept station. Something to shmere on this man. I'll have to play it later.
We got an important goddamn radio show going on here.
I think the right wingers have come in. Probably Joe Castello.
How can this happen all by us? Everything in here is screwed up.
I think it's a god damn conspiracy. Make no mistake about it. I bet your condolese was in here.
Over the weekend, she and her lackeys were in here over the weekend.
Dickin' with our stuff. Try to sabotage this once great radio show on a marginal radio station with a crappy signal.
Eddie Jones, by the way, you're still upputs with no balls. Over to dolphin organization. What a joke.
What a joke. We've got balls. They were blown a whole goddamn world up. We got soldiers over there.
Young people in the prime of their lives. People losing their husbands and friends and wives and the brothers and so whatever.
Little babies being blown up by a bamba grande.
Eddie Jones, he's worried about a billboard. It says we've got balls because he's a simple clown.
That's the answer to the question. Joe Rose keeps asking that thing about how come.
Let's see. Here's a fact. Pretty interesting.
It says the Phil Henry show is dead. Are you sure?
One of the most brilliant sadarists that might be behind some of the funniest radio in the history of the medium.
How wife make wife lose weight. All you can eat Negro, Margaret, Bob Green, Larry King. I will not give you the answer.
Has sold out and become a company man. No more characters. No more irony. No humor. Are you serious? Not even doing the characters?
What? Carlos says he is.
It's a pathetic emphasis. A great talent. Draft dodging hypocrite. It's okay for these kids to die.
But his life was too valuable 30 years ago. Says this anonymous facts. I've canceled my subscription to his website.
What a waste. You're the only one left. If this war and the butchers and the military industrial complex who support them. I don't know how it was right and you're right.
There are much more subtle and subversive mission impossible ways to overthrow the Iraq dictator.
It would be a lot cheaper or efficient. It wouldn't use all that fancy military hardware. Plains, tanks, guns, bullets, ships and radios.
Of course then we wouldn't have to have our friends like Haliburton go there and rebuild it after we destroy it.
That's part of the game plan. Not just the oil itself but the rebuilding process that's going to require all of these things.
Of course the catering company that think about the steve or company which happens to be a big contributor to El Presidente.
Maybe they're driving around with those little trucks. You know like they do with the construction sites.
There's a roach coaches. Yeah there's a roach coach.
It ought to be easy to find roachers. Although I think the roaches all moved out. I think they went to a Jordan.
And you know what they say? Don't be having no roaches and those coaches man. That's what Muff says.
To Anthony and Flood, no roach in the coach. You guys are fired. Let's have a meeting. I'm going to call you in the car.
But he can probably to punch like that little little poor little bastards like that.
Tom fax says Bush stated we're going to stay in Iraq until we win and nobody asked win what good question Tom anybody know the answer.
OIL M O N E Y P O W E R Irving says.
Dear Neil thank goodness for you sir. The fact that innocent people or rackeys and allied soldiers are dead and maimed seems to be a little consequence to our military leaders and our cheerleading reporters embedded or otherwise.
I wouldn't call them journalists which would connote professionalism. The fact that we're the aggressors in an illegal war against the sovereign country seems to be lost on these people.
I can't believe that there isn't one journalist who would ask in all these briefings since we haven't found any weapons of mass destruction in Iraqi hands.
Why are the allied forces using these weapons of mass destruction to kill Iraqi people? Yeah, much in that last week talk about irony.
They're supposed to be dangerous because they're hiding weapons of mass destruction and here where we're hitting them with the greatest assault of aerial bombardment in the history of the freaking human race.
It says I've been around for some time have yet to be pulled. Of course I'm a Democrat. I have the opportunity to come in contact with all kinds of people and if you have to find anybody who's been pulled well,
well, Clarice was pulled right up against the wall. I might add that most of the people I pull are against this murdering unnecessary war being directed by a president in this puppeteers. Thank you, Irving God bless America, baby for what it used to be.
Yeah, she and Vietnam. First of all, that punk that called before about Vietnam. He wasn't even born when Vietnam was going on Vietnam. I'm ended in 1975, 28 years ago. He wouldn't know Vietnam if they stuck the map up his ass. Okay. If Gerald Ford stuck it up his ass in the map too.
Punx. Calvin faxes and says. Just let me preface my comments that saying I'm a Vietnam veteran and in the late 70s, early 80s, I worked as a photojournalist for UPI covering Beirut and two wars in Africa.
I've seen more from both ends of a rifle. So I think I know pretty much what wars all about, which is a lot more than most people in this administration excluding our dear secretary of state.
Incidentally, I was in the same division that Paul was in back in Vietnam. Let me remind those people who think the good old colon is Mr. Honesty. He was the officer who drew up the military report following the Meal Eye Massacre saying that it didn't happen. Uh-huh.
My first comment has to do with something a right wing talk show host said on 610 Saturday morning, a right wing talk show host on a clear channel station now unusual.
With echoes of General Am, he said we should just send B-52s over to Baghdad and carpet vomit from one end to the other.
The fact that women and children lived there didn't seem to matter making it worse was hearing at least four or five callers calling and agreeing with him.
My last comment about is about General Franks is a Mears Disguised start to look and sound like General Westmoreland. Maybe he's channeling him or something. Maybe Jonathan Edwards.
Yeah, is it doing something there, huh?
One more thing that I see George on TV down at the rally in Little Havana this weekend ask him. I think I saw him standing next to Rosanne Ilyana Dana and he has blow heart.
Thank you, Calvin.
Other facts, but the facts are pouring in out that the facts between works with screwed up over the weekend, muff, among every other thing in his goddamn studio.
I'm going to tell you something. I'm going to raise ruckus in this goddamn place. Nothing in back for a couple of weeks or a few weeks.
Boy, you're at it. Yes, whatever keeps calling does he really saying?
Do you ever solemn in the air? Do we have his number? Yeah. And how can we add to facts number? Yeah, what can you jam it? No. What do you mean by that? He does the thing.
He does what thing? The thing. I could tell you on the air than everyone else. I don't care.
Neil, why do the pussy dolphins have a six hour pregame show and the Marlins get 20 minutes for opening day. I want to talk hard balls with the crow. It says after your show course. There's a good facts for you.
Ask our programming department about things like that. We got nothing to do with any of that. There's our man. The crow. Anybody seen a crow? No, but we smelt them. Five, six, seven.
Who else was it that smelled like that? Somebody was it somebody in here this morning? Smell like, oh, it's him. The Boeiner boy. I thought you were talking about Todd earlier. No, I'm talking about Boeiner boy. He's like, uh, let's because he, he fills up the sink with old spice that he washes his balls in there.
And the old spice man talk about species spicy balls. Oh, that's right. We can't say balls on here. I'm so sorry, Eddie Jones. I'm so sorry, Donna Shalala. Maybe she's busy waxing their Shalala.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, the pound five, give those numbers. Five, six, seven. Oh, eight, five, six, the.
Even he's laughing at it. Even he realizes what a dunderhead he is. Five, six, seven, oh, eight, five, six, the. Wow. Yeah, our middle level programming in this place needs a real shakeup. I'll tell you that we're going to bring Moses and let him take her.
Five hundred and four votes on a poll, which of these best describes South Florida ladies and gentlemen, banana republic 168. Oh, intellectual wasteland 77 land of Crookson Schnooks 64 land of Sun and fun 58.
50, I'm sorry. Outdoor funeral parlor 47. Haven for rubber rafters 45 maggot magnet 34 and paradise has only got 19. I thought I keep hearing it's paradise. Don't you keep hearing that? And I guess like I said, if you're over the ages 75. And you got like checkered pants and lime green pants and play a lot of golf and have your varicose veins hanging on and you keep saying it's paradise.
Hey, kids, stop. You have $2,000 or more on a credit card. Well, then listen, please. Devoted consumer counseling will help you. I don't cost you nothing. That's right. It'll cost you nothing.
Devoted is a nonprofit company that'll contact the companies you want money to and they'll cut your payments in half. Call 1-800-4-NO-DET. That's 1-800-4-N-O-D-E-B-T.
Devoted will help you cut your interest rate eliminate late fees and save your credit will cost you nothing. The bank pays, debit, and you pay nothing.
So if you're tired of handling credit card debt, call Devoted at 1-800-4-NO-DET. Call and find out how Devoted can help you. You got nothing to lose. If you've had it with credit card debt with high interest rates and late fees, call Devoted consumer counseling and they'll handle it for their for you. From there, they'll do it. Call right now, toll free 1-800-4-NO-DET. That's 1-800-4-NO-DET. And don't forget, it's cost you nothing.
My ID and local, we're sports radio 560-CUA-M.
This used to be Senate Majority Leader Trent Laws. And I'm writing all my nigger friends down in my amma to listen to my favorite you, Neil Rogers, and a 12-1 hour.
You must have been a space to be your respective.
Your respective, to be respected.
Hang on.
You may continue.
You may continue.
No tricks.
No tricks.
You understand the Gestapo keeps track of everyone.
From 03 at 560 WNQM, we're just 57 minutes away from Mad Dog who's new to his game out from PPP Park.
I still haven't played PPP Park. Don't let me forget. I'm Arlen's opening day. We gotta do that.
Gilbert Solomon's number is 305-386-8040, who is continuing to call with the pornographic phone calls.
Obscene of these.
That's his number or his fax. That's the fax number that he's using to call us.
I see. 305-386-8040. The reason I give that out is somebody wants to creep Gilbert. And evidently he's lonely.
I want some actual evidently. 305-386-8040. And in fact, you know, that this radio station refused to do anything to cooperate with us.
It's typical of what goes on in the studio. It's the same thing. They give you nothing.
What's it got to do with sports?
And you want to know why? Because they're all scared of their own shadow. They're all flying not only under the radar, but their ass is almost hitting the ground. They're flying solo.
Follow. To stay under that radar.
Muff, clearance, etc.
Anybody seeing Greg? No.
No, he's busy. He's got a date with very Jack Astor. I believe.
Ain't they dating? They're brown bagging it for lunch today.
X Kentucky priest pleads guilty to sex abuse. How do you like that? More of this stuff.
Please don't factor in the church.
A retired Roman Catholic priest accused of abuse by dozens of playtips pleaded guilty Monday to multiple counts of sexual misconduct as his jury trial was scheduled to begin.
The Reverend Lewis E. Miller, we've had many stories about this comeback. 72 of Louisville pleaded guilty in Jefferson County Circuit Court to 50 counts of indecent and immoral practices and sexual abuse.
The charges against Miller involved 21 victims according to court documents. He faces trial on similar charges, enabling Oldham County in June. In other words, this is just a tip of the iceberg.
Miller retired from public ministry last year when accusations of abuse became public. Miller's accused of abuse of more than 80 lawsuits filed against the Roman Catholic Arts Dice's in Louisville, which employed the priest for more than 30 years.
The plaintiffs all now adults claim their abuse of the criminal as children. They say the church was well aware of the abuse but did nothing to stop it.
The arts dices is facing a total of more than 200 lawsuits filed last year. That's just in Louisville.
How do you like that? Let's hear it.
The Catholic Church are really cleaned up their act, didn't they?
No.
Oh, sorry, Dennis. I want to get you all upset.
Another emotional cripple who can't handle the truth.
What is this? I'm very happy that you cannot play the kind of leasing. Oh, that's great. Okay. We're happy that you're happy.
Okay, that's good.
I don't know. Upside down facts from somebody with an IQ about about a two and a half.
I get more credit than that. You know what I think the IQ is of somebody that sends something like that.
Here's a facts from Carl who says I'm a Vietnam vetist here 26 months in this country.
I was an intern. What? I guess in Vietnam. I was an interpreter and worked for Naval Intelligence for a short time.
There's nothing about Bush's invasion that warrants anything but incredulity. Just say, says Carl.
How do you like that? Nice going, Carl.
Then here's all the stuff about cheap channel. I think we already didn't have about them, didn't we?
War puts radio on the defensive.
Yeah, well, you know, can never do too much. Maybe we'll save this. Thank you anyway. Dan is a Dan or Dean. Dan, thank you, Dan.
522 votes on the poll. A staggering response, Senator. Georgia, if I say so myself. Good.
Which of these best describes sound floater? But I need Republic 175 intellectual wasteland 78.
Land of Crookson, Stuck 70. Land of Sun and Fun 50. Outdoor funeral parlor 47. Home for rubber after his 46.
Magnet, Magnet 35 and Paradise 21. Here's a call from Kindle. Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you, Uncle Dan? I'm fine. Quite a while. I was wrapping that kid was talking about Vietnam.
The closest I can come to comparing this war to anything is when Mussolini invaded Ethiopia. And those poor dumb,
who loves that, taken on, taken until Mussolini used gas on them to win. That's about the same situation here.
I was laughing yesterday. You were watching it too. Meet the press with General Myers doing everything.
No, I wasn't watching it in the way. I've got enough propaganda.
Yeah, I've given up on these stupid reports from the front, not all that, because it's all propaganda.
And that General was talking about.
Everything's coming up, roll in.
Yeah, it's just a bad, bad, bad idea.
You know, what a load of crap.
You know, I'm just so sick of it.
Those are numbers, sir. Nothing bad happens to the Allied because we have got on our side.
Yeah, and the poor British, you know, they're getting killed more by US bullets and plane crashes and Elephapyr crashes,
and they are by Rocky Bullock.
Yeah. There was an article. I don't know who it's, because I didn't find out who it's attributed to,
but it was a legit article about the news coverage on television.
And they had a comment about Fox News, and they said it was enough to scare the teeth right out of end cultures of the joint.
Wow. When I saw that, I was on the floor.
I think they got there some on it.
And one of the guys on our news group, because we're a bunch of military historians and stuff like that,
who have been arguing this left-right center.
He's been putting up these little posters by Haliburton saying,
Haliburton, thanks you for your death in the name of democracy, of course, which boosts our profits.
So I figured that's exactly what the war is.
Excellent. Okay, have a great time, pal.
Take care of the Neil Biden.
Let's see. Here's Tim and Pekkerwood Pines.
Let's see what kind of sarcastic crap.
Did you know if George W. was going to torture me if I didn't show up on Marlons opening day,
I want another country to come and help me?
What?
If Martin Sheen ran for President George for his vice president,
do you know how many Americans would vote for?
I see Tim is doing a stick here on the other thing here.
Tim and Pekkerwood Pines.
The reason we're dying over there, he says, is because the soldiers are trying to be decent and healthy people,
and we do help these rotten, nasty, hateful, racking people.
They kill us. I guess we should just flatten the place and everybody in and stuff, try to help.
Yeah, we're here to help you, by the way.
Yeah.
Wow.
Timmy, get yourself some help.
In fact, maybe if you go out there in a parking lot and smoke a big fat one with Anthony and Vlad,
if Muffin looking.
Oh yeah, that Muffin gets all bad under shit.
She starts getting on that feeling of power.
Oh, I caught them, I caught them.
Yeah, it starts to get all swelled up.
Maybe that's why his back is hurting him so much.
Or it might be something else.
Back to him.
10 past noon at 560 WQM.
Let me tell you right now how about to lose someone at fat?
Not just his fat ugly, believe me, do I know am I fat and ugly or what?
You're out shut up.
But the fact of the matter is it's unhealthy.
That's the most important part.
Even if you don't care how you look.
It's just, it's grotesque.
It's bad for your, everything.
Diabetes, it's diabetes, and high blood pressure, and strokes, and heart attack, and all of these things.
One of the best ways to lose weight beyond a shadow without his balance for life,
and a reason is because a lot of people have tried all the others.
They've tried, you name it, and they've done it.
Balance for life is something completely different because they provide the food for you.
You don't have to do any measuring, no shopping, no cleaning, no counter-recounting, no carbohydrate counting.
It's all based on the zone diet, which is very effective, but very complicated.
They take the complicating part out.
They put together fantastic delicious fresh meals.
They give you two choices for each meal every day that's run a program,
and they deliver all your food to you every day in the little black sack.
All your food for the days and your sack.
Can we say sack on the air still?
I mean, we can't say balls.
Huh?
It's in your black container.
Don't say box either.
You're a little container.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks are in your container,
and of course everything is cooked fresh.
They add nothing but the finest ingredients, no preservatives, no chemicals, nothing frozen.
And the waitress pours off your body.
There's plenty of food to keep you full all day long, and you won't go hungry on a balance for life program.
So if you want to do like the beast who's lost damn near 60,
I'm going to tell you right now, this coming Friday,
and I hope he's listening right now.
In fact, we'll let him do clearance a couple of more times.
That'll bring off some calories.
This coming Friday, he better be down a couple of more pounds, or a heart.
We're going to bring Moa in here and let him turn the tables on him.
So if you want to lose the weight, do it with balance for life call 954-56832-29,
the natural delicious way to lose it.
954-56832-29, or check out their prestigious website if you like it,
balanceforlife.com.
My name is Moa.
This is 420-561-2-A.
Ciao.
This is your blame.
Huh?
Any questions?
This is your box, not seen who's updated with Hans Grumer.
Good evening.
The White House announced today that the center stations
point out open to all registered Democrats to be processed for appropriate work-amp assignments.
This has been approved by a buzzer court with the understanding that many Democrats
argue and are bred like rats, another victory for President Bush in his war against terrorism.
Hellbush.
In a live-dissolved, a rubber-staff new law is made by a violation of our rules,
a Supreme Court rule today that all home computers, not directly linked to the Department of Information,
will be confiscated, dancing or listening to other than a rude state-mortem,
not the non-longer retaliating.
Myulators will be facing similar charges as those of accused, protest, facing more cap-imprison.
Women with a breast size of A-Cup or large must be mis-crecised.
All breasts must be removed.
Additionally, any women with even mentioning abortion will be a beaten with a wire hand,
and forced to stand outside for a week.
A victory for President Bush in his war against terrorism.
Hellbush.
Our glorious President Bush will be attending the ceremony of the U.S. Constitution,
and will be silent the evil and the security bill in law as soon as the White House is rebuilt.
After last month's devastating al-Qaeda attack, the victory for President Bush in his war against terrorism,
and the White House will be silent the evil and the security bill in law as soon as the White House is rebuilt.
The White House will be silent the evil and the security bill in law as soon as the White House is rebuilt.
The White House will be silent the evil and the security bill in law as soon as the White House is rebuilt.
The White House will be silent the evil and the security bill in law as soon as the White House is rebuilt.
The White House will be silent the evil and the security bill in law as soon as the White House is rebuilt.
The White House will be silent the evil and the security bill in law as soon as the White House is rebuilt.
The White House will be silent the evil and the security bill in law as soon as the White House is rebuilt.
The White House will be silent the evil and the security bill in law as soon as the White House is rebuilt.
The White House will be silent the evil and the security bill in law as soon as the White House is rebuilt.
The White House will be silent the evil and the security bill in law as soon as the White House is rebuilt.
The White House will be silent the evil and the security bill in law as soon as the White House is rebuilt.
The White House will be silent the evil and the security bill in law as soon as the White House is rebuilt.
The White House will be silent the evil and the security bill in law as soon as the White House is rebuilt.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
George had two great slogans.
 but yes, it's right there, but it's right there.
There, where you go through all wipe it and it returned.
here, where you go through all wipe it and it returns.
It returns.
Look about and it is in two and three places.
odd and three places.
It's in two and three places.
Hospitalers walk.
Let the blood go away to drop the outdoors.
settling, medicine, it comes out.
and the blood goes out and the blood goes out and
Let the blood goes out and the blood goes out and the blood Segues forth.
pamiing, hendneedle isAH, s liyor without help, i.avi.
Blood from a bombed baby in Baghdad goes over the wide chocking sands and crosses mountains
and then great landmasses, and then suddenly over a channel that's in Westminster in London,
and people look at the sidewalk and wonder where these large blood spots came from, and
the officer on duty in front of ten downing street looks at the door handle, and worries
how did this get here without me seeing this and having it cleaned?
He has a servant rush to the door with cloth and polishes, he wipes the blood and polishes
the door handles, and then walks off, and the guard happens to glance at the door handle,
and the blood is back, smeared bright new red over the polished handle.
The baby's blood is off to rush over the ocean, a strange red cloud poised to rain, and
it floats over the green of the Washington Parks, and goes down to a sloping street over
the state department, whereas a man opens a corridor for coal and powel, he suddenly
notices blood on the door handle and quickly unfurls a handkerchief, and wipes the handle
and powel gets in the car, goes off, and a man who held the door is left in the driveway
and sees the red is still on Powell's door handle.
When he leaves the car, Powell doesn't notice the door handle as he touches it himself,
the blood red cloud goes over the river to the Pentagon, and it suddenly pours on the
car that takes Rumsfeld to an appearance, and this time the blood is left on the door handles
of both sides.
A sergeant wipes, the blood is there when Rumsfeld gets home.
The red cloud then comes down on a white house lawn, and it does more than sprinkle, it splashes
the helicopter of the president, and he strolls out with his wife, his dog, and his
chesty walk and slight smirk, and the wife at his side is smiling.
For it's the end of the weekend, we are good, decent Christian people.
God bless, us and God bless everybody, and is there about to get into the helicopter,
an Air Force officer rushes up an alarm and says, please just give us a moment, and he
has three people scrubbing so quickly to clean the blood from the helicopter, and then
bush in his wife, get a board and fly off the camp, David, for where else would you
go on a weekend?
As they've neglected to have two men hanging out of the windows, inspecting the sides
of the craft in mid-air, nobody can see the blood back on the helicopter.
As they get off at camp, David, bushes hand brushes against baby blood on a plane as
does his wife's.
At this hour in London, Blair rises in the middle of his long night and goes to the bathroom
to try and wash this blood off, he couldn't do it before he went to bed.
In Washington, Rumsfeld stares at the red splotches on both his hands, and Colin
pal calls out that there must be something wrong with the soap because it doesn't get
the blood off his hands.
At camp, David, bush notices blood on his right hand, he goes to the bathroom to wash
it off, and he holds his hands under the water and rubs them with the bar of soap and then
puts them under the water and takes them out and holds them to dry with a towel.
He glances at his hands and sees the blood of the dead baby as bright on his fingers, he
mutters and washes the hands again.
He'll do it again, again this year and next year and through all the years because the
blood remains forever on the hands.
Oh, is that true?
5'6'7", 05'60", 05'60", on a gate TNT line.
Here's a lady in Miami, hello.
Hi.
Yes, ma'am.
I just want to say, I have two nephews over there in the war and I am totally against the
war.
This war is wrong.
It's illegal, unjustified and everything else I can possibly think of.
And I find it just wonderful, all these people who are raw, raw, fiscal, and bought for this
war, have nothing to lose in this war.
They don't have a child's life to be lost.
And another thing, George Bush was not elected president of this country.
That is true.
It will always be true.
And I'm not letting it go.
Okay.
Thank you.
Hang in there, sweetheart.
Thank you.
Okay.
Oh, Jerry, so this has been how he's back to the handwriting.
I got him on the typing.
I'm on the Jerry, he a little punwacky, a little piece of dirt, a little pin needle.
Prick?
Prick?
Oh, it's wrong with that.
He's got a pin, Prick.
Maybe he's got that, BBs.
And the needle knows.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yeah, good afternoon.
Yes, sir.
I suggest that lady, that just call not to walk in Little Havana because anybody that
is against the war here at the Communist Party.
That's right.
You know, I'm calling you from Little Havana and the Saturday when they had that group of
people.
That embarrassing performance here.
Well, it's something new.
It's always embarrassing.
Ilyana Rosley, let me read the news.
This is funny, though, but she said she was yelling, bush, bush, bush, bush, libertad,
libertad, bush, bush, bush, bush, and then the old Cuban cannot say bush.
So they say, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo.
I was like, they were boy dead.
Good.
Let me tell you, what happened to that?
And lady, they used to work in the station called Carolina, Carolina, Carolina.
Carolina.
What happened to her?
Yeah.
Somebody told me she's working in another station now.
Now she's down in the hall of power 96.
Oh, yeah, they keep her real busy.
I know, because they saw her with one of the executives in Jamaica recently.
I see.
Yeah.
Wow.
One of the executives from where?
From your station.
Woo.
Hey, man.
And his initial, G, R, E, E, D, Y, G, like great.
I'll be damned.
Like red.
Yeah.
And there was Han and Han.
Uh-huh.
So that's a little gossip.
Well, I'm certainly going to check into that.
For WQB.
That's the little way, go, amigo.
Bye-bye.
See ya.
He's an OJ on provocative to a Georgia's fighting out of the counter.
He, listen, I don't know what he's talking about to you.
We don't have any idea what he's talking about.
Here we do.
26 past the hour.
Let's see.
I know this is off the subject, but I recommend watching the movie Auto Focus.
There are Greg Kinnear about the life of Bob Crane.
Oh, yeah.
Who was a raving right wing?
I didn't know that.
Did you know Bob Crane was a raving right wing lunatic?
Not till now.
Didn't swear smoke or drink, but was a total sex pervert.
And made thousands of hours of homemade pornography on video.
We knew that.
The movie all of a sudden, Crane was killed by his friend, John Carpenter, was a real
creep and leech.
Yeah.
It's a good movie.
And the actor plays Warner Clemper, who is perfect, especially when he says,
who again?
See, I never watched the hook and sound.
Oh, it's funny.
Never watched it.
I mean, can't see.
I have to show that Richard Dawson was on.
A spoof of the Germans.
Are there a vets?
Poor Richard Dawson.
He wasn't quite so drunk during a high-shay.
It says, I love you.
You understand the Gestapo keeps track of everyone.
How do we live without that drop?
Condoleezer.
I do like it.
You understand the Gestapo keeps track of everyone.
Absolutely correct, sir.
Yes, it is.
So what was that guy saying before?
5'6 out, 05'60.
How about Armigo?
What the hell was he talking about?
I don't speak English.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
OK.
You know, it really kicks me off.
You say the word bush to read Jackass out there thinks that this asshole is a god.
Really?
I haven't heard any of those people yet.
Yeah, I haven't there.
Every Cuban Republican in Miami for Christ.
Don't be redundant now, man.
He's an asshole.
Yeah.
And that bitch was an image from Fox Radio.
Heather.
Fox News Heather.
Heather, but you never saw her call and complain about your spooks about Clinton or even
the spooks on Bush.
How about John?
How about John?
How about John Slam?
How about John Slam?
How about John Slam?
How about John Slam?
How about John Slam?
How about John Slam?
I don't keep saying spook.
I'm sorry.
That bitch.
Say, bitch.
I don't say, bitch.
They're going to think you're saying something rhymes with a bit.
Fine.
Well, we're very sensitive.
Now we have to be politically correct.
We can't even say balls on the billboard.
I mean, for anybody who missed this over the weekend, it wasn't bad enough.
It was the University of Miami in Dona, Shalala, who was busy waxing her Shalala.
That wasn't bad enough that she came into wacky Jackie Thompson about the billboard that
says we've got balls.
I mean, it's got the logo of the four teams we care about.
It wasn't that.
But now, any Jones, the president of the dolphins, says the billboard is inappropriate and
it complained to QAAM.
So we're going to have to take down the dolphin and the hurricane logos off that billboard.
And you know something?
Who cares?
Who would want to promote people who are a bunch of blue noses like that, huh?
The freaking dolphins.
We've got balls.
And I'll say it again.
All you dolphins out there who've wondered why the team chokes and gags every year during
December when the game is really, when the season is really on the line, there's the
answer for you.
No balls.
I think that should be their promotional campaign.
All season long upcoming, we got no balls as opposed to some other teams like the Patriots
like with Tom Brady, who's got real balls and some of us would like to check it out.
What are you shaking your head about?
Okay?
Little Boo got on.
Clarence told me how you got the job who you can.
Anybody who washes his things and they say I was going to say washes balls and we can't
see that either.
Jules.
No, he's golf.
He plays golf.
He plays golf with Mo and we can.
Don't they have ball washers right there on the board?
You have to see where Mo puts his balls.
Back them.
12.30.
Why do you know that kind of plugs things up on Daisy for gets the bag?
Because Gildi, they all need to know more of that overflow aim where he can't handle it.
He's just foaming at the mouth.
12.30.
A QM we got the opening day.
Where's my Maraca?
Yeah, here we go.
Straight from Maraca, into your radio.
Hey, go to Maraca for the Marlin Home Opener.
In a town where we have no interest, no interest in basketball, no interest in hockey, certainly
no interest in baseball.
Then the dolphins that you used to like, they turn out to be a bunch of blue-nosed schmucks
who have no balls.
Hey, if you'd like to rest your balls and rest you've got a nice comfortable mattress every
night for months and years to come.
Here's the answer.
Pick up your instrument and call our friends at Dollar mattress.
Over a million people of bottom mattress over the phone from these folks, including me,
several times, and hundreds more, do it every week.
This is the smart way to shop.
Instead of getting ripped off by your betting and department stores, and of course, even
they just go in there.
Just wasting the gas to cost you about 50 bucks a gallon.
Just sit there, make an easy shopping deal by picking up the phone and one easy call to
1-800-MATRIZ.
We'll get the job done for you.
1-800-MATTRES.
They got the best manufacturers in a business.
They carry Celi and Sura.
Simmons, King, Coil, Irresized, and Style on the Sun.
Ready for just about immediate delivery, too.
Like I've been telling you for years, their delivery deal is unbeatable and the price is
unbeatable, too.
Once you buy a mattress and Dollar mattress, you'll never go back to the old-fashioned way
of schlepping to a showroom again.
And please keep in mind when you buy a mattress and Dollar mattress, they take away the crappy
old soiled smelly betting instead of your brand new one for free.
You know what's the shame?
The station has a pinch in for stuff like this.
You heard me right.
Dollar mattress sets up.
The new one takes away the crappy old betting for free.
So, Carl right now, you'll be sleeping like a baby for months and years to come.
Call 1-800-MATRES for our good Pizzons at Dilem mattress.
My, and local, this is 4-Tradio 5-60.
Any way, any way, any way.
The time I used to stay here, Robbie with Darts, and now they're calling it Pro Player Parts.
I'll take the car's route of the loom.
Say it's time for a change.
Sure.
The new rules are, you have to show up in your underwear.
And no one ugly is allowed in there.
So you'll have lots of fun, checking out those fun.
My different lion's down, so I can get my pigs up.
When the game is over, tight.
Guess like my good of the loom is back around.
Over my bulging mouth.
Now you can see a lot more at the game.
Since everybody is understaffed, the same as you can look around.
To see what's hanging down.
This is paradise now.
I never realized how good it would be.
I'll be glad if my jockey has a football field since the Robbie has gone.
And now it's P.P. Parts.
Yeah!
Yeah!
This is a kind of blonde man.
I'm gonna start on this floor.
I'm gonna wrap my dog in the log.
Check that out.
I like that.
Wait down.
Oh my god.
Wow.
Oh right.
Sports fair.
I ate an eight-and-eight.
It's a full-up football stance.
It met the new team mascot under wear mask.
The poor chicks are scared at the fun zone of above.
At their tunnels of love.
I've never realized how good it would feel.
This is a nice bowl, though.
Which is s'.
And Trafid and Flintau Mons!
There's something
hiding under our computer.
The terug is vib Els now.
We want to give it a try.
I cracking up on a V Technologyoudle,
little bit of boy he'll be far from here tomorrow we don't want that no beer
well of course he's in there with you so if you like it we have a senate
candle
here's Miami hello
you sir
i do know okay
uh...
this is a good uh... my point of contact i disagree with you with the war and
everything but that's neither here or there
uh... my question is that uh... last week on the news they were shown on
the peace process that was going on in uh... new york city
yeah
you know
from what
from what i heard on the news of the the peace protesters
got a permit to protest and from my gate in the morning to five o'clock
in the uh... in the afternoon so at five o'clock five o'one
and ypb decided to get a peace protesting is over
time to go home
and all these studies peace protestors are picking up barricades and
district of the country
of the afia handful of the my saw the same news you saw your time about a handful
of people right
and i mean there are
uh... you know
protest was a right
free country and thank god that the people on the other side never do anything
on really when they have marches when they protest
or that when these people come up that they never do anything throw things at
them to get out of here
silly person
well that means that the way is good guys against the bad guys don't understand
like the president said you either with us or against us all the good people are
on his side on the rest of us are evil doers if some protesters get
unruly that
justifies the whole war thing
three british soldiers sent home after protesting at civilian deaths
from the british newspaper the guardian somebody just fact is to make
thank you for a napal
three british soldiers in a rack of an order to home after objecting the
conduct of the war it's understood they've been sent home for protesting
that the war is killing innocent civilians which it is
the three soldiers including a private in a technician are from sixteen
aerosol brigade which is deployed in southern Iraq it's task is been to
protect oil fields
the brigade includes the first and third battalion of the parachute regiment
the first battalion of the world Irish regiment a world horse horse artillery
regiment and the reconnaissance squadron of the household cavalry
the three soldiers based in Essex faced court martial art seeking legal advice
defense sources said the ministry of defense that it was not prepared to come
out of the individual cases it said it had no evidence to suggest the soldiers
have been sent home for refusing to fight
it's understood the three soldiers have been sent home for complaining about
the way the war is being fought in the growing danger to civilians the
fact that they're seeking legal advice makes it clear to have been sent home
for refusing to obey orders rather than because of any medical related
problems such as shell shock any refusal of soldiers to obey obey orders is
highly embarrassing to the government when ministers becoming increasingly
worried about the way the war is developing it's also causing concern to
british military chiefs who are worried about growing evidence of civilians
being killed and fighting involving american soldiers around urban areas
in southern Iraq I just mentioned that in passing liberation by elimination
death will set you free here's our most chronic factor who says Marlon spy
report went to Joe robin to get tickets for tonight and the only tickets left
were upordek maybe a sellout question mark well yeah after they give away
the first one of your twenty five thousand opening day don't get all excited
don't get all worked up it's an event it's a happening I have no idea why I was
wondering that myself last night that we're talking on this station about opening
day it's a big it's a big happening why you're asking me no but but seriously if
you're not interested in something do you care if it's opening day the middle
of the season the the one hundred and fifty fifth game the third day first day if
you're not interested why are you interested in opening day I mean it's not like I
do realize that championships like the super bowl or the world series or the
Stanley Cup finals they will attract people who ordinarily don't you know
that they could care less during the regular season but there are some people
like watch the world series like Georgia course always a watch if there's a
seven game in the world series right yeah sure well like if Tiger was
involved on a real tight match in the last couple of holes the Tiger
I just don't get it if there's no legitimate interest why is this the well we've
waited all these months for this you know but you didn't care last year well we
still don't care but we want to be there got a lot of free tickets like Carlos you
don't give a crap he's got his damn what's what's that cap he's got oh the West open he's
waiting for the golf man he that Tony was washing golf balls in the sink here's Miami hello
Neil yes sir oh hello there where's that the tennis term I don't know Neil yeah yeah I don't know
it's hard to tell when you're on I'm right here I'm right here I'm just a little bit
I just give distracted easily by tennis and golf and I know I haven't listened to you since
day one you start going here here yes sir anyway well I'm not a caller I'm a listener good you're
entertaining over the years I agree I appreciate it we all appreciate anyway this that would
not be a rock thing I was I was volunteering in the military and get in all the people
the volunteer for the enlisted ranks usually about 20 years old when you 20 years old basically you
don't know anything for anything and so you know all you spend most of the people over there now
they uh I'm I'm sure they never thought they'd be you know in combat or poaching combat and you
know there they are and I'm like I'm against it's being there but it just shows you who's got
the power and who doesn't have the power that is correct you're right so you know what can you do
but another thing about the US government just recently the you know the hijackers I came from Cuba
you know they released on bond yeah you got out on bond with ankle bracelets on
with the Haitian children they're in the hotel at bird I think it's a bird road and
ooh I don't know if mine not fun anyway at bird road and 117 Avenue yeah they're still in prison
in the hotel so there you go there you go Bob were we at yeah we got a double set of standards that's
no newsboard now always has been always will they don't have any political club they don't have no
alienic gross resented Dana laden exactly but our government says we're against terrorism and we
got people that hijacked an aircraft here to the keys right and then we take the hijackers and release
my bond I get I get I get to the family members of Miami I don't know as long as they came from
the right place man they got the jackers they got the political connections and the cash we don't
care yeah but I'd like to ask man hang in there it's incredible okay this too she'll pass you
looking like a bag can you still but this will pass and thing is that every there's a new generation
every five minutes well yeah anyway if you know what I'm saying in other words they know that the
people with the power and they know they got another generation every five minutes which is
basically ignorant right and they're blind they're doing everything I can to keep it that way
hanging there man I'll say I'll say on the other side five six seven oh five sixty what are you
working about I'll see him on the other side and when things have been going lately might be
pretty soon you know what sides that the dark side the dark side here is a fact that says I
can't find any difference between LG zero and Fox G zero they both tailor information to their
fanatical audience and demonize any opposing viewpoints very well said by the way now that
your back is the main chance you can play the bit of the black lady who found a turd in her car can
you imagine that thank you for calling this is T towing I may help you I just picked up my
92 accord from your life and that is a huge turd in the back seat how you just heard yes
and there's there's one in the back seat I'm a turd a paper a big ass human turd in the back seat
of my car fam I assure you our guys did not take a dump in your car if you want to bring that
car back and we'll take a look at it you oh you want to take a look at it my car is fine it's
that big ass turd in the back seat okay what would you like me to do I said okay how about I'm
going to your house and pick a loaf on your couch how about that man what would you like me to do
to fix the situation I want somebody to come over here get this turd out my back seat that's not
gonna happen you can bring the car here when you take a look at it I am I'm gonna bring it back
there you know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna take a dump in every last car you got there I'm going to
peel your counter I'm gonna do it all okay you how it feels okay you know what you sound like a
big girl and man it probably came out your hands oh yeah I don't make it happen to go in on
taking a dump in the car you wait uh about 400 pounds that's your turd that's my turd yeah that came
up from a four out of a pound man this is a 400 pound man either that or gorilla I'm driving
this car right to my lawyers office and I'm gonna let the whole world see you're gonna be on the
news this evening buddy I'm gonna get seven oh my side what you gonna be on the news can you describe
the the the pieces I mean what does it look like you know what it is it came out your ass
I tell you what kind of ask me what color I say what it smells ungodly that's what it smells like
smells like you sold your ass to the devil how long is it this guy is long in my arms
I don't think it's right why y'all this is not fun I got him damn you my four and my back feet
you know I think this I think this is racial shit too that's what this is
I'm a little kid is running away from it
I'm gonna go find this funny okay you're probably gonna stand a wheel too don't you
all right all right how long does it look like it's been sitting there
Steve is coming off of it okay
Steve is coming off of it yes
oh
yeah
I am taking it's a fresh shirt okay what you need to do is you need to bring that shirt back
and we'll match it up we have a lineup we'll match it up with the uh with the other
turds that we have well what you need to do is learn how to use a toy we say you're not
gonna bring the shirt back to me no you know what this is the sample no I'm starting to like it
you're gonna keep it as a fact well keep it because it's a nice look you know what is a nice conversation
piece okay cool okay thank you turn 246 at 560 W.C.M. the Mad Dog coming next I wonder what the
Mad Dog is gonna have to say Mr. Dolphin huh Mr. Macho about Eddie Jones and we have balls
billboard on the big controversy with Eddie Jones and the dolphins yeah the maybe they could
change your name from the dolphins to the pussycage yeah what a joke we have balls man seriously
when you stop and think about that it's so embarrassing humiliating and degrading that a bunch of
adults of course when you get to be Eddie Jones age maybe his little past humility you know like
Moe uh-huh it won't be like Sodom if you find yourself in a real dead end job pick up the
phone to call fast train tool free at 1 866 fast train to get started in a new high-paying computer
job unless you're hiding out of the desk and cruise missiles are landing all around you there no
other excuses call fast train and get yourself started on the road to a big fat useful paycheck
call 1 866 fast train fast train offers convenient day evening weekend classes check them out of
the web if you like fast train dot com and get out of that dead end job quit working for some
schmuck unlike dictators computer professionals are in high demand and the demand is getting higher by
the minute just like Vlad and Anthony call fast train today they got locations all over town Miami
Kindle Pember Pines for Lauderdale is about to be won nearby you register at fast train dot come
to get your free American flag bumper sticker too or not as the case may be call fast train today
tool free until the Todd Dreck told you to make that call 1 866 fast train
now
I was standing there one day not thinking I would die from being able to make do do do
I should ever eat baked doughnuts a big back must be cracked inside my bowels
I
Can you die from infected balls
You let these mojo doctors in now my heart stops you schmuck sets my knife for my intestines
I guess I should have known what to expect living in Miami with the kind of service you get in this town
I would have to leave tomorrow if I didn't eat that
I swallowed
Why can't you let me so you can ask why can't you lose us get it right my foul look blocks
Inside my body can't make my touch go out
Welcome
10 till 1 at 560 wqm 600 votes even on a pool which of these best describes soft floater we asked on the oranges.com
banana republic 204
intellectual wasteland 86
land of crooks and schnuck 76
land of sun and fun 59
Haven for rubber rafters 54 outdoor funeral parlor 52
maggot magnet 40
And paradise only 29 says paradise huh that sounds like most whole audience
Here's a call from sweet water hello
Hello, you yes sir
Uh, yeah, I actually have to say I'm from highly. I'm just hanging out sweet water in my tag gun. That's okay real quick
Forget about all this war talk. Let's get some important like hammering no
Um, I'm talking arrogance antiquated. I just a pain in the ass to listen to is also grammatically challenged. Did you know that?
Yeah, whatever a call it whatever a call comes in on the cell phone. He goes
Whatever in a mobile now, you know, asshole. Okay, great 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 sounded like he was in the middle of a cluster fork to me whoever that kid was
Of course a lot of those going on in sweet water. Uh-huh 5 6 7 we got many open lines and I'm in a secure here
I think we may have a real problem, you know, I have to play that turd bit again
Here's a call from Orlando. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir
Uh for two weeks. I've been wanting to mention this to you. A month ago you were talking about uh
Somebody from westward one one to find you have a contract for
All right, thanks for history. Yeah months ago
Well, oh, yeah, I'm up here is the right wing assholes the hand of these and that that whatever they Michael
Savage you these guys make me sick. Yeah, I wish
I know you said you were at the end of your contract, but
Man, you're the voice you need to get out there right
Call up my lawyer Norma can't he's busy doing bad drugs also call him up and see what he's gonna do for me
Hey, get up your ass Norma. Yeah, good luck. Thanks Neil. Okay. Good luck to me pal. Norma can't
Go see a baseball game. Oh, normally out there for opening day today
Go watch the ball game and don't call me again. Okay, unless it's a major emergency unless it's like the end of the world
Don't ever in fact. I'm gonna make a list
Seriously, I'm gonna make a list of people don't ever call me again pd. Lenny
Norma can't unless it's a major emergency
And something that has to do with me not something has to do with Greg reads got a problem with this one or something
I don't care. That's their problem. Okay better than than me. I've already paid my dues
pd. Lenny Norma can't who else
Well, I have some suggestions. Yeah, but yeah, man. See you're gonna say river. Yeah, that's terrible
River. No, that's bad
By the way, Jeff Cohen was in here this morning and lost about 80 pounds. What happened to him? He cut his hair off
No, forget that must be must be like Samson like David jim David Samson the lila cutoff is here in a
Withered away
He's dating or at least he's no he's nice and he isn't getting laid. He's trying and of course anybody that looks like that my god
He's a shadow of his former self
He had a gut and he said that this war has really heard business everywhere
As if that's a big surprise. It's not good for business. I'll tell you
Read and look at that to thousand hundred and thirty four and a half Nazdaq's down twenty one
Not good
The doubt is hovering just over eight thousand it'll end the day under eight thousand
I feel I just have the feeling my psychic neo feelings again
MSNBC what kind of prop oh it's been oh Schmidt a rock saying this will now become
Military policy to use suicide bombers and praising this action
quoting the Palestinian brothers or I should say comparing the suicide bomber and not just to the Palestinian brothers the US
In the meantime says that if unarmed vehicles or armed vehicles that do not stop after five seconds
They will be fired
For sure we spoke to a number of wives Brian who say they are relieved in one sense that it is not their loved ones who have been killed
But one also telling our producer the third infantry division is one family
There you go suicide attacks you ain't see nothing yet is what they're promising
We stirred the hornets nest and you know what usually happens crap bad crap
Here's Hollywood hello
Any how are you okay, sir
Let me start out by saying sir that I defend everybody's right to their opinion and I'm
That I'm going to decide it I really want to support our troops completely. I really don't believe in
Every excuse that's been made for the war, but I just feel that the protesters
I don't think that anybody who is not a registered voter should have the right to go on the street in protest
Why is that why is that because if you're not going to make the difference if you're not going to go at the next election and change it
Then you should have a right to complain about it if you didn't if you didn't make a difference
Let me ask you this how about the people who did vote in the last election and got this in franchise anyway
No, listen believe me. I agree with you. So on what the hell is voting got to do with it because there's people out there that are out there
Complaining about the fact that our government that our president made this choice to go into in there
But they didn't do anything to keep him out of office in the first time
I understand what you're saying, but they stole the election anyway. So what difference does it make?
But but they have the right they have the ability to do something in the next election right because if they sit on their butts again
And then let me ask with this my my my psychotic friend
Let me ask you this what is it that the Democratic party is going to propose in the next election
What loser are they going to put forth in the next election to make sure to ensure another four years of this insanity in the growing American empire
Listen, I tend to agree with you. I know that we have very poor choices when it comes to it
But our political parties are very weak when with the choices that they offer us very weak and very corrupt
Unless we do something about it. I mean what were we to complain?
Sir when the parties don't put forward a candidate that somebody wants to vote for that doesn't disenfranchise them from going out and
Exercising they're right to assemble in the protest. Whatever the hell it is. I agree with it
I'm not saying that you just got through time you let they don't unless they voted or a registered voter
They got no right to protest and the fact of the matter is they do unless they're willing to make the choice
Wrong wrong wrong wrong sir wrong
And when you have nothing to vote for when it's a total waste of time that doesn't mean you just throw your hands up
And here see protesting is another way to change the system
Just like in Vietnam Vietnam wasn't about an election
Vietnam was about a country that more and more started getting the truth and the media finally after years of slaughter
Finally started catching on how about if you pay taxes you have a right to protest and open up a big mouth
I see how about teenagers they have paid taxes?
Not to pay sales tax in directly. Now let me ask you this are people asking the children in Iraq if they pay taxes
The ones that are getting slaughtered the ones that are blown up the ones that are breathing and all that the asthma inducing air all that polluted crap
No, Barriens and they're never gonna like it. I see they're gonna love right when we're done
Yeah, when we get done making them an offer they can't this is an offer they can't refuse and remember what
Michael said to a K or I was the other way around K said to Michael and Godfather one
Presidents and senators don't have people killed Michael. Yeah
Now who's being naive K
Spell K however you like huh now who's being naive
911 50% of the American public think your rack had something to do with 911 did they have anything to do with it? No none
zero zip-o
This isn't the war about terrorism or about any threat to the US or Britain or to Albania or Poland
And then that's another thing that really cracks me up every time they do the briefing the general gets up there like this morning
And well the coalition continues to be very strong. We have 49 countries that are
49 countries that have put their name on a piece of paper and a whole bunch of those
All bunch of those want to keep it quiet wait a minute. They don't even want their name is mentioned
They're so embarrassed wow, you know, it won't look good
The fact of the matter is you got a few poll ox in there. You got a couple Albanians about a few
Don't forget the irretrieans whatever the hell they are the fact that they're there are none
There are no people other than Polish and Albanian there are no even Spain and Italy with their rousing endorsement
In spite the fact that 80 or 90% of the people most countries are against the war even Spain and Italy and he troops none
Zero count them count them none
US Britain a few poll ox that's it. I'll straw you and a few Australia a few Aussies from down under
That's it
But we got 49 countries we've got last Melvena's
Somebody I'll solve the door
Most Ambique
Madagascar
They're just making names up there and he even said the salon which they don't even exist now Sri Laka they don't like us
The little turd on the bottom of India's ass and the Indians by the way are pissed off and fired up too
Yeah, and I think they're starting to get the same idea. Well, it's a war of our preemption guess what we're pissed off with your friends the packies
Okay
We're gonna fire them a little
Preemption will send him a message like Joey Zaza will send him a message
By the way Brian sears is God at Pompadot Park nice going Brian and that was him that called it that found out
I'm very I'm very embarrassed
And Jay sears my friend Jay over there at Pompadot you ought to be run proud daddy
I'll tell you that Brian sears put on another performance there tonight five more winners at Pompadot Park
The likes of which I can't begin to tell you and rich said oh Kevin warmed up China
But I mean but I'm average continues being full of crap great guy but full of crap
He had a big night though. He might tell I don't tell you the whole race race. Yeah, he had the fear of the
619 I want to hear what the mad dog has to say about Eddie Jones. I'll tell you that right now
I want to see the mad dog grow up here and see whether we do have balls between one and three on his station
619 votes which best describes our photo but I don't remember two hundred and twelve
