As you seek, hang, and...
Err...
Err...
Err...
They love Barry, baby.
They don't want anybody to know, but they love Barry with a shun.
My name is Barry.
This thing like a fairy.
I write band songs about romance.
While I'm wearing stand-ex pants, I'm kinda shrimpy.
My songs are with me.
I had a series of big hits.
That was back in 76.
Now no one wants to hit.
They only laugh and sneer.
They won't admit that they own my albums.
With my songs out, we're gotta know shake.
Like a banana.
My two fans both live in Montana.
He got a no shake.
Like a banana.
Up my nose you can fit half of the city of Atlanta.
Pretty big.
I write the songs.
Like a banana.
I've got a hunger.
The size of yuppers.
When I get a stuffed up nose, I be sad.
He'll hold it, but now I'm on the case.
My life is back in place.
And so I'm singing again and sticking.
My snaz in your face got a no shake.
Like a banana.
That'd be funny.
My two fans both live in Montana.
He got a no shake.
Like a banana.
Up my nose you can fit half of the city of Atlanta.
I write the songs.
Like a banana.
Like a banana.
There won't be any way, Carla.
Beater boy and the other one today.
George's on vacation.
I don't know what it released.
That's how much you're in there just that George isn't.
I don't think I don't like George a lot, but he's, you know,
you need to rest from George Irvingon in like, you know,
every couple of weeks.
Anyway, 903 at 560 WQA,
I'm great weekend.
Was there a great weekend or what?
Well, that's what Muff said.
He said he had a wonderful weekend.
Okay.
And my weekend was okay except we decided to go to the Panther
game yesterday.
Oh my god.
Woo hoo hoo.
Get me out of there.
Get me out of there.
When at fifth goal,
when they're like,
thought I'm being like that, we got out real quick.
And a guy that sits in front of me,
I assure hope next season you're not there, man.
You bug me.
He's such a jerk.
He's a jerk.
He's just a jerk.
And then he starts in with the war stuff.
All I did, I didn't want to get into a conversation.
I said, you see that David Bloom died over there in Iraq,
which by the way, we'll talk about that.
What a good guy he was.
I was very upset with all that.
And I'm still upset about this embedded crap.
Right.
And there's one more reason to be upset about it.
These guys aren't the troops.
They're, they're schlepping around in these convoys with all that heavy equipment on.
And, you know, and they're out there in the desert for hours and days.
On end.
And this is what creates that deep van thrombosis.
Not that I'm an expert except that I just had it myself two months ago.
39 years old.
Pragic, tragic, waste of human life.
And that's what's unfolding over there, but I'll get into that eventually.
So what was I just saying?
About the hockey game.
Oh.
And the jerk that sits in front of me.
You bug me, man.
Go away.
Just go away.
Your little kid's okay because he shuts up, but you go away.
No one gets into a whole song at a dance about Peter R. Net,
which he didn't even know his name.
Didn't even know what the hell he said.
And then he finally comes up with the definitive sunrise Jewish response.
Well, isn't it a damn good thing that Israel didn't get involved in this?
And I said, well, Israel's a big part of the reason that the whole thing is going on.
And boy, you were the thought that I just took a crap out of shoulder.
In fact, you know something if he does show up next year, I might.
Just the, nah, I won't take a crap out of shoulder.
I'll just take the hose from my bag and flip it over onto a shoulder.
Yeah.
I'll borrow the bag from Mo.
There you go, pal.
Go away.
You idiot.
God, he bugs me.
See, one thing I'll tell you folks, don't get into discussions about the war in public.
Not a good idea.
Right.
Especially with people you don't know where they're coming from.
You know what I'm saying?
Don't bring this up as a topic of conversation like boys and the shame that all these people are dying.
And as I said, they're in that macarena in the midst of a grotesque, you know,
it's not a hockey game anymore.
It's a circus.
It's a circus.
There was a big crowd day.
It's day about eight or ten thousand flyers fans.
But it's not a hockey arena.
It's a circus.
And they had the harp music going on so that you'd look up while a game is going on.
I guess it was to try to distract you from the fact that we're getting the crap pounded out of us by a team that had all their stars on the bench.
Nice going, Randy.
What's his name?
Red deer Randy.
Randy with the moors.
He tapes the pregame little thing that they put up on the screen.
The Panther keys to victory containing Tony Amani and Jeremy Rohnick.
Well, they contain him pretty well because neither one of them played.
Yeah, either one of them were in the lineup.
Nice going there, Red deer Randy.
You idiot.
You silly.
What a silly clown you are, Randy.
God, no wonder they stuck in there with the old jugs, Meister.
In fact, you make jugs sound great.
Hang in there, jugs.
Don't let Gellie steal your jug next year.
Okay, we're pulling for you.
Sput of your hostility toward Toronto, the scooly.
Road your ass out of town on a rail.
You silly old fat goose.
But anyway, yeah, the keys to victory were keeping them off the score sheet.
Did either one of them score?
No.
Did either one of them play? No.
Still got a rascade. I mean, bad.
But anyway, so there are all these people in there.
I would say I saw maybe 20 of the regular people that you were nearly would see in there.
And who are the rest of those people where I have no idea?
I have no clue.
And they're making announcements while the game is going on.
Hey, Moshi Puppek in the third row in 102.
Just want a date with Pavel Burre.
I mean, you know, he didn't even play here anymore.
Just...Kaka.
Just garbage.
It was bad.
I have no idea.
And you read these puff pieces in the newspapers here.
And you think that if we had anybody with a half a brain, they'd be saying,
boy, this franchise is in deep crap.
There's some real heavy-duty garbage going on in this time.
And they just write the same old...sat...a...sunday morning.
David J. Neal, the same old shill man, the same old tired crap.
God, is he pathetic?
Oh, yeah, we really made some progress this year.
Yeah, we sure did.
I mean, you sure can't expect to go from 60 points last year to playoffs about this year.
Could you? Sure you could.
Look at 10...how many points did Tampa Bay increase about?
Huh?
I don't know. I don't know the exact number, but they sure had a big increase from last year.
But third man.
Yeah, something like that, 93 points.
And the Panthers.
The youngsters in the organization, right, uh?
If they could win a game or two at home.
Are you starting in?
Sorry.
You just sat down here and you're starting in already.
1,401 votes on the pool from...oh, the weekend.
That's an off-bury.
Okay, don't overdo it.
Which celebrity music TV radio or movies do you enjoy, but you'd never admit it?
Very Manolo, 205.
Oh!
Why?
In fact, somebody over the weekend said to me, oh yeah, I really enjoy very Manolo.
And I thought, you actually said that?
Well, somebody I know, you know.
But they actually said it.
There was nobody else listening.
Second, amazingly, I mean, a shocker here.
You could just knock me down with a feather.
Well, or nearly, I guess you could.
George Rodriguez, 171.
A very respectable second place.
So George Ashley has more people out there who enjoy him, but he's not...
It's not palatable.
It's not acceptable to say that in public.
Jorge, little Jorge...oh no!
You don't really enjoy little Jorge there, little...
...speak bastard, do you?
No, I'm just kidding.
M&M 125, I can understand that.
No, actually I can't understand why anybody would like him.
Ava, 112.
Yeah, everybody does like their music, but nobody will admit it because it's a little...
I don't know.
Disguish.
The Oragers 110, I like that number.
That's good.
Wait, 61 votes, George, me beat me up by.
Because I already...we know for a long time, I got a big closet audience out there, but George is closet people.
Man, fire outpaste me by like a 3-2.
Michael Jackson 76, the BG 75.
You see a pattern developing here?
Boy, George 66 is the pattern continues.
Ah, Mohawi David in 63, I wonder what pattern that is.
Maybe the pattern of those checkered pants.
George Michael 58, as we get back to it, the back three boys 50, Barbara Streisand 43, B52s 36, and Stink 33.
John Traolta and Yani and Leo DeCraprio 31, tied.
Ricky Martin 27, kiss 24.
You guys aren't kiss?
Richard Gear 14, Johnson caught 11 and holding up the rare, the rare.
Back home.
Was John Tesch with 8.
Was a famous penis.
John Tesch.
Boy, he makes me just cringe about life in general.
14, everyone votes not too bad, heavy duty.
As we brought a lot of people out of the closet there with people, we're going to trace all of the votes.
And tomorrow's here, we're going to like to give names, addresses and phone numbers of people that voted for Barry Manolo and George.
I got an article here, I'm going to read the one that I put the big mark on, save about the Carlisle group.
I think if people would just read this article, that's all they need to see.
They don't need to see or hear or read anything else to tell them what all of this is all about.
David Blum, a really good guy at WTVJ for years.
It seems like he was only here in town yesterday.
He was here, you know, a great guy.
Very sad.
Just a waste of a human life.
Great talent.
Everybody who worked with him liked him.
I met him once.
He actually listened to this show once upon a time when he was here.
I know that, not supposed to say that.
But he just was a good guy.
A very good talent.
Had a big bright future ahead of him.
And he's a deep vein thrombosis man in activity sitting there with all that heavy equipment on.
Blood clot, ghosted along, that's it.
Do you realize how many hundreds of thousands of people get that?
And I think it's 200,000 a year in this country die from that every year.
Die, not even.
Pulmonary embolism.
It blocks off the alongs and the oxygen to your brain stops or to your heart or whatever.
And that's it.
And it's fatal in most cases?
No. No. No.
But it can be.
That's the point.
Especially in the middle of the day.
In fact, you know something.
I'm going to take a couple extra plavix right now.
In fact, I'm just swallowing a whole bottle right now just to be on the safe.
No, seriously, it's nasty stuff.
But, you know, the Lord works in mysterious ways.
So I started to say I was, oh, we got a ball game today.
Oh, no.
The Marlins and the Braves at 1230.
God, are we upset about that?
No.
No, we're not.
Well, it's Monday, you know.
Plus, look at these phones, manners, smoking.
Aren't they smoking?
Woof!
But I was thinking I'm at the hockey game yesterday.
I see all the other, there are a lot of kids there, which is good.
Get the kids out for, you know, hockey.
But I see these parents with their little kids and I was wondering myself.
Do you think any of these parents would be willing to sacrifice their children for somebody that would invade us and say,
hey, we're here to liberate you.
And by the bench, they're going their heads getting blown off right in front of your face.
I wonder what their reaction would be.
I know it's a horrible thing, but that thought did enter my mind.
Because their children are no different from those little Iraqi children.
And I'm not trying to sound like hearts and flowers, but there's no difference.
Accident of birth is all that separates us from them.
Called the wrong place at the wrong time.
About minutes after you're a nine at 560 WQA, we got that big championship basketball game.
Tonight, go Q's, baby.
I'll go with Geldey on that, even though I can't stand you in the behind.
But if you want to lay down some bets on a basketball game on the hockey playoffs coming up on baseball started now,
here's the deal you better know who you're dealing with.
VIP sportsbook.com is the best sportsbook going anywhere.
You can have complete trust in these folks.
They're illegal and licensed sportsbook, one of the original online books and still the best in the universe.
You like Harry Parley on?
Yes.
How do Parley on's have up to 2001, Sonya?
How about free same day payouts?
How about a 15% cash bonus added to your first deposit? All sounds good.
It's all good.
But most of all, for the past seven years, VIP sportsbook.com's earned a reputation as the sportsbook with the best customer service.
Sportsbook Review.com's rated the number one customer service two years running.
It might be your turn to go on a roll of a lifetime, but if that's the case, you better make sure you're with the right people,
the right sportsbook so sign up online at VIP sportsbook.com and get yourself a 15% cash bonus added to your first deposit.
Nothing like starting out a winner.
If you're not online, call them tool free at 1-866 VIP bets.
That's 1-866 VIP bets.
Don't forget to 15% sign up bonuses only available when you got online, so do it.
Sign up online and get you that 15% cash bonus today at VIP sportsbook.com where you be the VIP.
Five and a local. This is five cities. The radio's all yours.
You and...
Want a lollipop little boy?
No.
What were you doing when I killed some more Jews?
Will you back off and give me your land?
Oi!
A lend me a towel and I'll sing you a song and I'll steal from you all that I can.
Oh, I killed Jews with a little help from my friends.
I killed some!
I'm bad news with a little help from my friends.
I can't lose with a little help from my friends.
What do I do when I blow?
You say, way, oh, you love this fella flesh and bone?
Oh, yes, I do. I hope many die by the end of it.
As long as that death is not your own.
I killed Jews with a little help from my friends.
I killed Jews with a little help from my friends.
I killed Jews with a little help from my friends.
Do you need anybody?
I did somebody who cared.
Could it be anybody?
A Jew, woman or kid, is the bear?
Would you take lands and then give up the fight?
Oh, yes, I tell them.
We describe all the time.
Jesus Christ.
Could you have peace with the Israeli mind?
I won't stop until the land is all mine.
Oh, I give you a little help from my friends.
Kill some people.
I'm bad news with a little help from my friends.
Oh, I can't lose with a little help from my friends.
Yes, I'll kill you with a little help from my friends.
With a little help from my friends.
I'll praise the Allah and kill you too.
917 at 560 WQM.
Happy Monday, too.
Okay, let's put a smile on everybody's purse.
What do you say?
That's right.
Quipi and so do you press and morbid.
As a matter of fact, let's take the first call on the week here, Carlos.
WQAM.
There he is.
Right off the bat.
And guess what?
He didn't get on this time.
And he'll never get on again.
Everyone is show.
It's the whisperer.
Mr. Anti, Mr. Chronic.
Mr. Ass.
Come on.
We can do better than that for a first call on a Monday morning.
56670560, £560 on a 18.
Yeah, but you didn't give us the new poll yet.
Well, that's the idea.
I'm holding back in addition to which it's not that kind of a poll anyway.
It's not that kind of a poll that you're going to give you like spoon feed you to respond to.
I vote for France and opera.
I vote for Adin Martin.
No, it's not that kind of a poll.
WQAM.
Oh, me?
Yes.
This sounds like the guy who sits in front of me at the hockey game.
Now, it's just some other asshole.
WQAM.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Oh, Neil, hey.
Good morning, buddy.
How are you doing?
Hey, good.
I want you to report to you that Barnes and O will have that book up on the shelf again for everyone to buy.
Do they really?
Yes, they do.
I went there over the weekend and there was the book right.
It's like, you know, in the middle section when you walk in through the door.
Well, I guess we got there as straightened out.
I guess she did.
I didn't want to say anything to him.
I couldn't find anybody until I was looking actually.
We talked to her.
Yeah, we're there.
But the book was definitely available again.
And I went ahead and picked it up.
And I'm going to start reading it.
Stupid Whiteman by Michael Moore.
It looks very funny, man.
I liked the last book that I read from your site there.
It was excellent.
You'll love this one.
I'll make you a little pissed off, but that's okay.
I love being pissed off.
Very, very pissed off.
I'm a pissed off.
Pist off gets me fired up.
That's right, man.
Question for you.
The little Eisner bit the Eisner.
You don't want what they're making my thing.
Is that on your website available?
Eisner!
No, I think I have to go to Orlando to get it.
You what?
I said have a great day.
Oh, love you.
Is that it?
And then we say we're going to put all the Mickey Mouse bits on it.
Now that's an error thing, though.
That's not your job, right?
Not as far as I know.
I can't put it on the same table.
By the way, Eric Carlos can't talk to you today.
Okay, this week at all, because the George isn't here.
Carlos is very, very busy.
That's a good excuse.
Well, we already have all the bedtime stories up there.
We're doing hell of a job if you ask me.
We without George.
Now just a joke, George.
He can't hear us anyways in North Carolina.
So let's rip him an ass.
I always like ripping George an ass when he's not.
I don't, I rip an ass when he is here.
But I especially like him when he's not here, because then he doesn't interrupt.
Because he interrupts to God damn much, especially lately.
That woman they're called on Friday.
She had a good point.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
You know, he's a know it all now.
All of a sudden his head is as big as China.
Like to throw some China at that head.
Anyway, I wanted, let's see.
Why was wrong with these people?
W-Q-A-M?
W-Q-A-M?
Hey, I got a full question for Neil.
You okay?
Hey, would you read us just to how he play it?
Should they play an American Airlines Arena?
Or should they play in...
Or loaded up?
Well, why would you want to know that?
What do you mean by that?
Well, let's see who...
Where they prefer to play.
The people.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
How about we get a team for ourselves good to me?
Then we'll worry about where we're going to play.
That's going to team.
It's like somebody saying, hey, should I play with it?
Well, you've got to get one first before you worry about that.
You know?
Where is the team should...
Oh, brother.
Before you do that pull, man, we're out of business.
That's our going out of business, pull, mark that down.
Where should the hockey team play?
Like I said, let's get one first.
You're not fooling this kid.
I'll tell you that.
I'm not Mr. Negative.
I'm just being honest with it.
Flyers didn't even look like they were interested.
I mean, just one of those deals.
Here's the last game of the season.
They can't move up in the standings.
Can't move down.
Just don't get anybody injured.
That's it.
Let's get out of here.
They had no interest.
And then all of a sudden it started.
As soon as they scored the first goal, it's like, hey, guess what?
Now, let's pump up a few more in there.
Just tragic.
And it's the same old crap in the newspapers here.
It's never going to change.
It's not going to change.
Don't get all the press, Neil.
OK, I won't.
God.
Anyway, this is from the Portugal weekend newspaper, the Portugal news.
I want you to listen very carefully.
Of course, we got a big segment out there.
We're paying attention to it anyway.
That's OK.
I'm going to read it anyhow.
How much is to read it over and over again.
US Arms Group heads for Lisbon.
Directors of one of the world's largest armament companies are planning on
meeting in Lisbon in three weeks' time.
The American-based Carlyle Group has heavily involved in supplying arms to the coalition forces fighting in the Iraqi war.
It also holds a majority of shares in these seven up-company in the federal data corporation,
supplier of air traffic control surveillance systems to the US federal aviation authority.
The $12 billion company is recently signed contracts with the United Defense Industries to equip the Turkish and Saudi Arabian armies with aviation defense systems.
Top of the meeting's agenda is expected to be the company's involvement in the rebuilding of Baghdad's infrastructure after the cessation of courthastilities.
Along with several other US companies, the Carlyle Group is expected to be awarded a billion-dollar contract by the US government to help in the redevelopment of airfields and urban areas destroyed by coalition aerial bombardments.
The Group is managed by a team of former US government personnel, including its president Frank Carlucci,
formerly Deputy Director of the CIA before becoming Defense Secretary.
His deputy is James Baker the tooth who was Secretary of State under George Bush Sr.
Remember James Baker was down here? Let us in!
He was heading up the recounting when he stole the election.
Several high-profile former politicians are employed to represent the company overseas among them, former British Prime Minister John Major.
Along with George Bush Sr. one-time director of the CIA before becoming US President.
The financial assets of the Saudi Bin Laden Corporation, SBC, are also managed by the Carlyle Group.
The Saudi Bin Laden Corporation, the SBC, is headed up by members of the Osama Bin Laden family who played a principal role in helping George W. Bush win petroleum concessions from Bahrain when he was head of the Texan oil company,
Harcan Energy Corp. Deila was to make the Bush family millions of dollars.
Salem, Osama Bin Laden's brother, was represented on Harcan's boarded directors by his American agent James R. Bath.
I think that paragraph is worth reading again.
The financial assets of the Saudi Bin Laden Corporation, SBC, are also managed by the Carlyle Group.
The SBC is headed up by members of Osama Bin Laden's family who played a principal role in helping George W. Bush win petroleum concessions from Bahrain when he was born in the United States.
The SBC was headed up by members of Osama Bin Laden's family who played a principal role in helping George W. Bush win petroleum concessions from Bahrain when he was head of the Texan oil company, Harcan Energy Corp. Deila was to make the Bush family millions of dollars.
Salem, Osama Bin Laden's brother, was represented on Harcan's boarded directors by his American agent James R. Bath.
The connection between the Bush and Bin Laden families can also be traced to the collapse of the Bank of Credit and Commerce International,
BCCI in the 1990s, members of the Anglo-Pakistani Bank's board of directors included Richard Helms and William Casey, business partners of George Bush Senior, and former CIA director agents.
During their time at BCCI, both Helms and Casey worked alongside fellow director Adnan Kashoggi, who also represented the Bin Laden's family's interest in the U.S.
The Portugal news has been told by a reliable source that the Carlisle Group meeting in Los Binables discussed the relationship between the Saudi Bin Laden Corporation SBC and Osama Bin Laden.
Many U.S. officials claim that the SBC continues to finance his political activities and has done so for many years.
If through this would place George Bush Senior and his colleagues at the Carlisle Group in an embarrassing position, as managers of SBC's financial investments, they might well be accused of indirectly eating and abetting the United States number one enemy.
The U.S. officials claim that the SBC is a country that has been under the control of the U.S. government for many years.
The U.S. officials claim that the SBC is a country that has been under the control of the U.S. government for many years.
The U.S. officials claim that the SBC is a country that has been under the control of the U.S. government for many years.
The U.S. officials claim that the SBC is a country that has been under the control of the U.S. government for many years.
The U.S. officials claim that the SBC is a country that has been under the control of the U.S. government for many years.
The U.S. officials claim that the SBC is a country that has been under the control of the U.S. government for many years.
The U.S. officials claim that the SBC is a country that has been under the control of the U.S. government for many years.
No small ball or playing big balls is what they're doing.
We'll get to your cause when we're good and ready.
Here's the poll today.
Which of these describes you?
Liberal against the war.
Liberal and support the war. Liberal undecided.
Independent against the war. Independent and support the war. Independent undecided. Conservative against the war. Conservative and support the war. Conservative undecided.
Conservative and support the war. Conservative undecided. Or I don't give a shmit about any of it.
There's something there for everybody.
Absolutely.
So I realized that it's a lot of why I have to keep reading that over but I will kill some good time.
Oh don't let me forget about John Eastman.
You know he used to be down here John Eastman. I think he was on the she he was somewhere years ago John Eastman.
One of law, one of law suit hey John always liked you baby.
One of three point three million dollar lawsuit against cigarette manufacturers.
I always liked that John Eastman. In fact he was my favorite. I think it was the best broadcaster of all time.
Just one million will do John. I don't want to be greedy. I don't want to split it with you. Half a million. Come on.
27 past nine at five sixty WQA. How many times you heard about an opportunity and you didn't act you didn't grab it.
You missed out. Well right now is one of those times.
Rarely it is an opportunity interrupt you but this one ought to.
If you drop everything you're doing because interest rates have gone even lower.
The financial group was offering an interest rate of 3.45% then lower to 2.95% now rates have gone even lower.
2.45% financing with financial group you heard right. 2.45% call financial group toll free at 1.809.40 lend.
How long will these interest rates last like this? Probably not very long so it's a window of opportunity.
Hop through it with financial group and get you an incredible low rate of just 2.45% and save yourself thousands.
Call financial group toll free 1.809.40 lend. What will 2.45% financing do to those monthly payments?
A $200,000 loan cost to only $786 bucks a month. A $100,000 loan you pay only $393 bucks a month.
So do it now. Call financial group at 1.809.40 lend. 1.809.40 lend.
The equal housing lender credit restrictions apply rate something to change without notice 5.34 APR.
We're supporting you 560 UA Air.
A soap opera like nothing you've seen before.
Excuse me, esteemed father. What is it my child? I have something I must tell you.
What is it my daughter? Oh father, I am afraid to tell you.
Afraid to tell me your own father? I fear I will be ashamed upon our family.
Nonsense. I am your father. I love you very much. You must tell me what is wrong.
You promise you will still love me? Of course my sweet child.
Of father's love is not erased by a simple misdeed. Very well. I am... I am pregnant.
Oh, I see. Do you still love me father? Of course I do.
But since you are pregnant and not married... Yes father?
I am afraid I must drag you down to the town square and with the help of my friends and neighbours stone you today.
Of my daughter. If he's written that this is the punishment for what you have done.
Could you check again father? But I should only be grounded.
No, I'm not. I'm grounding you as not what. I must have you stoned.
It's the first time father. The focus is on a fundamentalist middle eastern family.
May I speak with you my esteemed husband?
Which is it in my wife?
I have something to tell you.
Am I listening? I am having an affair.
Oh, why I see?
Are you going?
Out to the backyard to collect some stones.
What do you mean?
Yes, I must drag you to the town square where you will of course be stoned today.
You'll be mesmerized.
You followed the lives of the Fuch Med family and they deal with the many problems that plague them.
May I speak with you my esteemed father?
Yes my son.
Last night I used the little drugs.
Well, what do you know? You are one lucky boy.
Oh, why is that father?
You? You are going to get stoned two nights in a row.
You will of the middle.
The guiding shea.
The guiding shea. I just shot on location in Baghdad.
A lot of people get shot on location in Baghdad.
933 at 560 WQM. Here's the facts from Gregory and Coral Springs as my condolences to WTVJ.
Those who knew it admired David Bloom.
I met him several times at the trade shows that my my convention center.
He was a nice man. Heads above most TV talking heads intelligence and you are correct sir.
He died just before news that we have uncovered Nervin Blister agents in a hit in Iraqi bunker this morning.
And that we're killing Saudi mercenaries in Iraq.
He would have covered this part of the story brilliantly since Gregory and Coral Springs.
Remember the big cash of weapons they found at humongous those bunkers and bunkers and bunkers of weapons?
And we heard about that breathlessly for a moment over the weekend and then they stopped talking about it because they found out that those weapons came from Russia and Germany and France.
And Jordan and the US.
Oi! And so we never heard any more about that.
Not that we shouldn't have known that already but that's beside the point.
See there you go again you just can't stop can you.
Now over the vote the poll is up against the smattering of votes in area that will go goosing up big time I'm sure.
Which of these describes you we asked on the Arangers.com 19 votes.
Liberal against the war 9. Independent against the war 5.
Conservative in support of the war 2. Independent support of the war 2.
Liberal undecided one. So let's see 14.4.1 against.
Ron Brownstein writes for the LA Times.
I was very disturbed when I saw this this poll.
I mean I realized that when there's a war on it always happens that everybody jumps behind the all goose step into line behind the leader.
And a lot of people confuse the support of the troops with support of the president or whoever's running the country.
Which is very unfortunate but you have a lot of dumb people out there.
A lot of really really.
One of them will dumb people look at this building man just look around you.
Oh god stupid is our middle name here at 2 a.m.
Hey what time's the game I what's the game I they just drop bombs on a homestead.
Oh what time's the game I know.
I mean stupid stupid stupid.
Anyway I don't want to get in that I want to get bogged down with that.
I'm in pretty good mood we got the ball game coming up which I forgot about at 12.30.
George is in here.
Oh!
That's what we don't like George we just need a break from him every once in a while like every few days.
St. Petersburg a former talk radio show a show radio talk show host with emphysema.
Oh that's the worst kind you know it.
It's been awarded a 3.3 million dollars and lost it against two cigarette manufacturers.
He blames his four-package day have it on.
But there's Miguel is putting together his package now by the way so Carlos asked me this morning
when we're going to do that thing with the hot couples again.
I said as soon as Miguel gets off his lazy ass and puts together for us a package.
We want a package man.
And not yours that's old tired and used we want to like a new package something exciting.
Something we can give away like a date with Doreen.
That ought to get a big response.
Hey we like Doreen now okay since she turned don't think of me a look like that.
Don't be at least you see the look he gave me.
I mentioned Doreen looked like a like Carlos just farted real real bad and egg fart or something.
Oh he did?
Yeah right likely story trying to cover his tracks.
We like Doreen now since he's the anti-mo anybody who hates Mo like poison is a friend of ours.
We got a lot of friends now.
Hold building.
Hold building license.
Even people used to hate us.
Anyway a jury ruled Thursday that John Eastman somebody better call and tell me what station he used to be on here.
He was down here somewhere was 50% responsible for his 54 years smoking habit.
But found the two tobacco companies Philip Morris USA and Brown and Williamson tobacco corporate responsible for the rest.
The company say they'll appeal.
In other words it was 50.
I don't think it will be 50.
I think it will be 50.
I'm very grateful for the jury's decision said Eastman 74 sitting an electric scooter that carries around him in his oxygen tank.
Oh my god if there's anything just in society I'll live to see them pay he said.
Philip Morris was ordered about 2.6 million to pay and Brown and Williamson about 650.000.
The return he say Eastman who worked his radio talk show host in Tampa Bay is entirely to blame for his health problems.
He has emphysema a talk show host to talk like that can't make too bit of a living.
The evidence presented this jury made it clear that Mr. Eastman chose to smoke cigarettes for almost 50 years with full knowledge of the dangers associated with smoke and said Jeff Rayborn and attorney for Brown and Williamson.
Which of course they happen to be right as much as they're killing people they happen to be right.
There is nobody don't know that cigarettes kill you. It's just an addictive habit like eating too much like all that sugar.
Fatboy was in here this morning by the way we can't get rid of his ugly ass he just won't go away.
Fatboy. Hiya Pally was in here again. Buggin me. Buh, buh, buh, buh.
Hiya Pally. Get out of here you tumma crap you food pushing idiot and the good news is he's off his walker he's back on the cane.
Not exciting.
In 2008 County jury awarded a record 145 billion dollar verdict to win us to make 300,000 to 700,000 sick Florida smokers in the class action lawsuit that verdict is being appeal.
It's so stupid. It's so absolutely stupid.
And the same people who support these lawsuits against the tobacco companies they're the same ones who say oh well those lawsuits against McDonald's are bogus.
Well they're both bogus. They're both bogus. Everybody knows eating all that crap that fat laden crap is going to kill you eventually and give you an oil clog in your arteries and you're going to wind up an early death.
There's nobody doesn't know that but they like it and it's cheap and it's convenient it's quick.
So you can have your cheap convenient quick death. That's the way it works. Now the cigarettes it's not a cheap convenient quick death. It's a long, oh man long agonizing horrible way to die with that emphysemon at the lung cancer.
Oh, something to look forward to for me. Oh that's right I forgot about you and your faggots.
Better be aware of faggots of all kinds because sooner or later they're going to get you Carlos.
They're going to get you. That's what most said when I came in this morning to watch out for those faggots they'll get you.
I said to them you mo.
5 6 7 we're doing a little screenless this week because George is near a carlis doesn't want to be overworked. He's working really hard on the bed times.
There's even though they're all up there already. What are we do a good job this weekend or what?
There's some great stuff on there over the weekend including the store I just read about the carlisle group.
I see a phenomenal response about that. Don't see the one thing about the people who are supporting all of this crap no matter what you said to them.
It would make any difference like like Schmidt head over there would make a bit of difference.
We're kicking their ass baby. Yeah, we're going to get that spot ahead.
And then what and the best part of the deal is the new now we have the new riff between Colin Powell again. He's he get rid of him.
He's just not hawkish enough. You know and rum skull to that crowd wolf was pearl because he wants to get the you win in there basically to run things until they get their own government.
Nah, not so fast Colin.
Now we got our own group of 23 clowns including what's the a general jay garner that right wing lunatic from Orlando who's good buddies with aerial sureones right wingers in Israel and former CIA director James Wolsey who last.
We made a real ass out of himself talking about when more the war for.
Who's also another good friend of Israel on the right wing over there the fanatical right wing aerial sureone Benjamin at Niyahu BB net and the holidays of that crowd.
The fanatical lunatics the herbs are really going to like that aren't they?
Yeah friends of Israel running Iraq. Uh oh don't sound too promising to me.
And let me say it again think about your little kids you people at work the hockey game yesterday with your little kids bright faced smiles under push.
Think about sitting in some location somewhere in a vehicle and watching is your kids had their heads blown off by somebody who came in who said they were there to liberate you.
You know something you're you're an idiot Miguel okay you look good but you're an idiot you're your hopeless your another one of those typical knee jerk reactionary Cubans you're never going to change you're always going to be the same there is no hope for you you know just go get laid okay which you do a lot but just go do what you do best.
People that look good don't need to have a mind that's what I've always said very good that's good thinking I agree with that.
And in his case he's a perfect example go get us a package working okay Miguel go work on your package idiot 20 till 10 at 560 WQ and I'll tell you who's really you know I feel sorry for how about the dogs of Iraq you think anybody's taking care of the dogs.
Well there was one story about a dog that they saved and I guess they figured it was kind of embarrassing since they're all these human people that aren't getting saved.
But some of the dogs that I've known including the two that I had are better than many of the people that I met in my life including a lot of men is building I don't want to mention no names.
Bark Avenue pet resort is the only all natural pet resort in the country it's like giving your pet a day at the spa your dog will socialize all day with pals he can look over say hi a pali in soft made it players and always under the supervision of dog loving counselors.
Bark Avenue is a full service five star resort offering boarding and large-tiled sweets they care expert grooming and all breeds as well when you see the place online like I have you're going to be really impressed with the cleanliness and the lack of smell you'll never smell a thing online.
It's a hundred say ten thousand school for luxury facility in fact of my dogs were still around they'd be spending a lot of time there especially tiny so I could actually sleep during the night see for yourself at bark avenues all about go online and take a look for yourself at barkab pet resort dot com that's a V E bark at pet resort dot com and take a virtual tour and of course when your pets are boarded there you can do the same thing and check on them right online or if you want you can take a real tour at bark Avenue any Monday to Saturday there are 1400 South Federal Highway and Hollywood just one light north of Pembroke Road.
Don't just entrust your love pets to anybody any schlepper that comes down the road be sure you take them over to bark Avenue because they'll take fantastic unparalleled care of your pets bark Avenue column at nine five four nine two five bark nine five four nine two five bark for boarding grooming and daycare for bark Avenue pet resorts.
Oh my and Lord this is where you'll fly.
You way up.
Peep up, pace me up.
Not all musters were created by tax America that's why you should try a brand new we're until the hate.
I don't need but we'll have Grandpa Bob.
I'm going to pull by this.
That rules out high as buzz their German and cool as well.
They're Jews.
I got your we right here.
I speak to you about it.
You take your coming mustard and fill it up your ass.
So in view of the seeding hatred you embrace.
Frinches will now be called freedom mustard.
Yes, Mr. President.
I love it when a plan comes together.
Freedom mustard for the great taste of hate.
946 at five sixty we hate those French though.
Wait, but you always hated the French.
Here's a great cartoon and we're going to put this on a website already out there.
So check out neorangers.com on our car is on a cartoon page or on the irregular.
It's on the front page.
It's on a front page.
Well, it's got two wild birds like fighting at each other just like a wild a
band to hold the old pal like from Batman.
War plan A one of Miss holding up the other one's holding up war plan B and here's a dove holding a little thing.
It says hawks fighting hawks.
You got to love it.
It's not cute.
Don't be too dovey and certainly don't give anybody the peace sign in my peace right on you.
Don't do that.
And don't discuss it the hockey game.
You're feelings about the war.
Especially if you're not a big big supporter of the right wing lunatics in Israel.
Don't be open it up a month about that because somebody like like a real jackass like natural.
Don't come back next year.
Okay, paly? Just go away.
I'll tell you what I think I'll just go away.
Let him sit there and stew in his juices.
Number two, Barnes.
I'm sorry.
We love the panthers.
Come on. Let's hear it for the next game.
They're not going to lose another home game this season.
Let's hear it eight wins and 41 tries.
We got a hockey team and the people in the paper are writing.
Oh gee. Well, it was an improvement over last year.
Oh my god.
How can this town continue just you it's hopeless.
I mean, it's it's like they're like they're they've just made up their mind that nothing is ever going to penetrate them.
Nobody is ever going to change them. It's always the same and that fat Mike Mayo from the Sun sentinel.
He writes, I mean, but not Mike.
My sorry, Mike. Mike, or Russo.
He writes the same crap and in the yesterday's paper that he put in this board section today.
It was so good. They put it in twice in a row.
Where he's evaluating this one and evaluating that one and even Alka Seltzer.
He's got to go.
Oh my god. How about you go, Mike? Mike Russo.
Just give it to Mike Russo and David J. Neal and bringing a couple of real writers to write some real stuff about what's going on here.
The scandal of the organization.
But anyway, don't get started with that hockey talk even though we got the Stanley Cup playoff starting this week.
Least into flyers that could be ugly.
Could be real ugly.
Which of these describes you?
We asked today on the O'Rangeers.com.
We're going to keep a close eye on this one today.
104 votes. You know, I mean by that Carlos a close eye and a pull.
You know what I mean?
Yeah. Well, I'm just because I'm just noticing something here.
Liberal against the war 35.
Conservative in support of the war 23.
Independent against the war 22.
Independent in support of the war 8.
Liberal in support of the war 5.
I don't give a shmit about any of it for conservative against the war 4.
And liberal on the side of 3.
No, I'm decided.
Independent or conservative is 104.
I realize it's very convoluted.
So I won't read these more than like 50 or 100 times today.
Huh?
Now seriously, I don't think I read it more than maybe.
But 30, man.
This hour.
Because it takes an awful lot of time and it's very confusing.
I mean, geez. So many categories.
Well, that's the idea.
It's a Monday.
We know you're not going to call. Look at the phone.
We had this tremendous. Huh?
They're smoking.
No, they're not.
Well, like two is.
Yeah, they're smoking. That's why they're not calling.
If he's smoking, QIAM. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm kind of nervous, but never the last.
Why are you nervous?
I wanted to try for the tickets.
No.
That was our call for this hour.
How many more we're going to take?
About 30, man.
WQA. I'm ticket central.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Hey, hey.
Speak to me, sir. Yes.
Hey, good morning.
How are you?
I'm at the club and just hovering around crazy.
Did you see that dumb?
You haven't seen it.
The boys they got for rest of the ball on the road with a side of us.
But both of those two jerks.
No more.
They got about four of them up to West Palm Beach.
Oh, so sorry.
It is. It's terrible out there.
He's got the rush limbo and Hussein on one side of the other one on the other side.
Oh, you know what that flight driving on 95 and seeing that?
Mm-hmm.
Especially when you get to be over 100.
Good luck, you pal.
Thank you, pal.
Keep the blinders on, man.
You know what that flight driving is?
Keep that radio cranked up again to hear his sound of his voice.
He's a good guy just that wants his own voice.
If I want to hear my own voice, I just talk to myself, which I do here every day for hours.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a 18 and 10 Verizon wireless line.
Actually, I had kind of like a sharp pain in my right leg.
I mean, just like a little, like a spot, you know what I mean?
Not like the whole leg.
Like a bruise cut.
And then of course, no, no, no, not like sharp, like a dot.
Like, you know, I'm thinking to myself, well, I must be a blood plug.
Because now this thing happened at Poor David Bloom.
And I already had the pulmonary embolism about six weeks ago, whatever the hell it was,
or whatever it was.
And I'm starting to get a little bit, you know, but I'm taking my plavix.
So I should be okay, right?
No.
No guarantees, man.
When it's your time.
Now you don't know if it's psychosomatic or if it's psychosomatic, cycle.
It hurt.
But now it's gone, see?
I like, uh, rubbed it a lot.
Now it's gone.
The pain is gone.
And my ankle too.
I've not the ankles, like, like right over here.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a 18 and 10 for Verizon line.
And McGill, man, he is so, for a guy that came in on a banana boat into Chicago somehow,
got lost.
He is so typical Cuban American.
He is perfect.
He is the postage child.
In fact, if all the Cuban Americans looked like him, we get along a lot better.
Carlos.
W-D-Q-A-M.
This is a die.
Very weak.
Weak, man.
I give it about a two and a half.
Do-do-do-do-do.
That's more like a practice.
Do-do-do-do-do-do.
Come on, man.
Practice makes perfect.
Do-do-do-do-do.
W-D-Q-A-M.
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
He's doing screenless on a Monday in it.
And we only got limited time, he'll 1230.
Till the Amarlands and the Braves.
Only a short, just a few minutes after noon.
About 30, man.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Q-A-M.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
As long as your legs are not red, hot and swollen, you don't have a DVD.
You really?
It's not red, hot or swollen.
Are you sure?
Did you have one?
No, I'm a physical therapist.
Oh, thank God for that.
Now, this is just like a little pinpoint, you know.
It's gone now.
It's usually in your calf area.
If your point here tolls up so you can flex your calf and you squeeze it.
And if it doesn't hurt, then you don't have a problem.
I'm squeezing it and it's not hurting.
Okay, so you're fine.
And the calf too.
Okay, thanks a lot, mate.
Okay, see, there you go.
We got- this is what I like.
Instant diagnosis.
Sure as hell beats more than most of the doctors down here.
Oh, don't get me started with doctors down here again.
I could do like months and months and years endless trying to find a doctor down here.
Like trying to find a guy named hockey player at the macarena that plays there for the home team.
Hopeless.
I've got a couple, not too many.
You notice yesterday, anybody that was at the game?
Three or four different times because the fully defense was-
I was sleeping, I didn't care.
And they leave guy like Kaisloff and who is the other one?
And Huzali is all alone in front of the net.
All alone.
Oh, what do I do with this?
What do I do with it?
You know?
And they just about did because they sure as hell never got a shot anywhere near the net.
Just tragic victor.
Hey, victor, I said we got some great figure skating shows coming up.
You big dynamite.
Put those two Canadians to shame, you know?
But that was their name, remember the Canadians, the Olympics, all that big son of dance?
And all these macho men calling in.
Oh, I think they really got shot by that Russian judge.
The French- oh, can you imagine if it was happening now with the French judge?
Oh, I don't think you'd see her no more.
That French freaking judge.
I can't even remember what their names were.
Not that I care, except he was kind of cute.
But who cares?
Yeah, exactly.
And all these guys do- and you wonder why?
Because it was on television.
Because people were told that they were supposed to be excited about this.
This is a major happening, man.
A major happening.
Figure skating.
It's the Olympics, baby.
Does anybody really care?
No.
Of course not.
It's a pansy pursuit, okay?
Real, not even make believe men like me.
We don't give a crap about figure skating.
You've got to be a screamer.
I'm actually even freaky Carlos up front the front desk.
You don't care about figure skating.
Really, Poodle?
Yeah, Poodle off the front desk.
That's another one I'm so glad of.
And then fat boys in here.
Wow, and you go back to Toronto.
They got that sorry scarab hair.
So you know something I'm going back.
Just want to have to see you, fat boy.
That's right.
Just so I don't have to see him in my nagging mother.
Is there anything worse than a nagging, nagging, nagging mother?
No.
Oh, I am telling you I couldn't...
I can't even begin to put it into words.
Why are you doing this?
Why are you doing that?
The same old tired crap.
There you go.
Miguel's got a package.
Take a look at that.
W-Q-A-M.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
When is Diaz?
It's Jamie Salway and David Telfiade.
Does that tell you how miserable my life is?
But you don't really like figure skating.
Hey, you know...
Do you, sir?
You don't really like figure skating.
No, I hate it.
Oh, good.
You hear something 20 or 30 times?
Right.
That's right.
20 or 30 thousand times.
Yeah, no kidding.
Oh, that pain's back in my leg again, see?
Oh, I hate to...
You know...
Oh, by the way, I have to be able to tell you the correct words...
The use of the word embedded.
Yeah.
It's not being used properly.
The correct would be something like this.
Sally Fitz went to the emergency room because she had a flashlight embedded.
Correct them.
Yeah.
There you go.
Okay, I think you got your thumb on it.
How have a nice day, sir.
And back to you.
And they were talking about David Blument as excellent coverage during a hurricane here.
Hurricane Andrew, which they're correct about that.
And also made me think about some of the most memorable coverage with Sally Fitz being on here.
They're on Channel 7 not knowing that people were listening.
Yeah.
Not knowing that her mic was on.
That was...
Well, she got a little bit testy.
She went out there for a long time.
She had a little bit of a short temper.
And that evidently seemed to be one of her favorite pastimes anyway.
So she just blurred it out.
When it got blurred out, Sally, they hate you like poison, by the way.
Good things she went away.
Let's see, which of these describes you?
Mindless Cuban-American.
That's what McGill voted for.
I'm sorry.
Liberl against the War 49.
Independent against the War 36.
That's already 85.
Oops, change it again.
Sorry.
Liberl against the War 53.
You see how long this is going to take Carlos?
Independent against the War 39.
That's 92 out of 161.
Conservative in support of the War 30.
Independent in support of the War 12.
I don't give a shmit about any of it 8.
Liberl in support of the War 7.
Liberl on the side at 5.
Conservative against the War 5.
Independent on the side at 2.
No, indecided conservative.
So let's see.
For the War.
In support of 42.
49.
49.
Against the War.
92.
97.
Got it?
What I just say 97 to 49.
Yep.
And undecided.
27.
And that's it.
Seven.
And I don't give a shmit 8.
Pretty exciting pull if you ask me.
I like my pull.
No, seriously.
I got a bit.
I do damn good pull.
I've heard.
Words out.
5.670560.
How's Josh our new computer guy by the way?
We do a lot of computer stuff on this show.
I think it's about time we got.
I mean, you've done a fine job to this point, Carlos.
But you know enough is enough already.
We're getting a little turn here.
Maybe Josh would like to work on a show.
And you can go back in that little room and close yourself in.
Where nobody can see it.
957 at 5.60 WQA.
Another year is coming.
It's already April.
This copy is stale than last year's MOTSY.
You know what?
Who the hell is this now?
I don't need the copy.
Because it's just sad though.
That we got sales people back there getting paid just to draw commission on a concept and
not servicing or doing anything on.
It's, it tears my guts out.
To think that we got assholes back there, I think this is Troy Stradford's deal's matter
fact.
And Troy, you're nearly just rubbing on his ball spot and he, you know, hops to it.
But not in this case.
Anyway, if your carpets look and smell like hell to make a long story short, you know
the deal.
Dry concepts are the only people you want to talk to.
I've been using them in my home for over 21 years now and there are a lot of other
smart people out there who finally caught on.
Better late than never.
These are the only folks like I said you want to call because they do a spectacular,
unbeatable job.
They dry clean your carpets.
They're the only people in the world that use this method.
They have an exclusive patented method and they suck out the deep down dirt, way down
around the fibers of your carpeting, make them look and smell them any fresh, just like
brand new.
And they also make your carpets last longer as well and stay clean and longer too because
they really get all the schmutz out.
And they give you a guaranteed written price up front before they start doing works
you don't have to worry about rip offs when you call dry concepts.
And they also do a stupendous job of cleaning all your other good stuff too.
Your poultry love the furniture, your drapery, your expensive area and oriental rugs.
If you have problem with pet orders and milder voters caused by water damage, no sweat.
They'll weigh their magic wand and do their fantastic job on those two.
Dry concepts are the best in the universe.
Call them tool free 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071 are logged onto their website at dryconcepts.com.
Don't forget when you use dry concepts you clean today and entertain today.
Dry and local.
Here's sports radio 560, she wins.
UAM.
Do you have a heart or a liver?
No.
No.
We'll meet again if we don't wind up down from the first part till they left us all
this great.
Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ.
You're right the freepers they're old and they're stale.
You can smell their toe jam a thousand miles away.
Here's the fact that says why the hell is Jim managed to win his QM talk show for the
masters this week that's an excellent question
alright if he's gonna get some action up there i don't know
and they have five choices this is their own pool i like this
whoever faxed this to me did their own pool
uh... he's a male show in his pic now that was their choice to piss off how
we're david good one but not their choice to attend a k k rally excellent but
not the choice
dolphins thinking of moving to august a certainly a possibility but not the
choice
and the last and certainly not least because this is the one he checked wants to
smell tiger woods balls
there we go
uh...
maybe want to play small ball in august i have no idea
so you're going to be doing a show he won't be on the day because we got that
baseball game marlin's in the braves again probably final score be like twenty
six to nineteen for somebody
what else going on with my uh... fax machine
i don't know
i like it
uh...
just the old paper jam put some on the slice of bread heated up
here's a fax from jordan or care line says
maybe all of these errand bombs that are killing women children are not
errant at all maybe it's the pentagon plan for making sure that another
osama won't pop up in a wreck if you kill them they can't become terrorists
i'm really glad they say that grow but enough about it already all jordan you
are so correct
saving private uh... what does her name again the jessica
so the front page of newsweek this week saving private jessica
i mean we're lucky lucky said we're glad that she's okay or least uh... still
in one
fairly much in one piece
what about the nine in her company that uh... didn't come back at all in any
pieces or maybe in a body bag
you know we haven't had any names of those people
no because that brings up bad feeling see this is just a case of the glass being
half four half-entity or my big negative about everything it's a case of like one
out of ten which interview a good batting average
and we're supposed to be just
pleased is punch
that they were able to save jessica as opposed to be concerned that those nine
others uh... are dead
and of course we have a lot of money going to it the market though is
ecstatic and you know something a lot of you morons out there get sucked in all
this phony baloney unemployment record highs on friday
bad bad the profit or just horrendous economic news
but don't confuse the masses out there because the war is going great
rolls trolling around bag that we're inside at palace when the airport
there were uh... saturday's golden the plumbing pictures about you new
johnny jones
with a golden plumbing pictures that's before your time
so we're all excited to tell us up to one and four and a half points and as
that's up forty two everything's looking up roses
chemical alibi might be dead all the penny which network you believe
msnbc said the british and of course we got on our website to the british
claim that they killed him cb nc n and two sure
they said they were conflicting reports and fox of course we know watch
because no matter what they said we wouldn't believe it anyway
jordan says i've been listening for about thirty years working
regulations jordan and uh... give George a welcome once he gets up there
north carolines probably there already
probably on the internet hey George we can't stand you
well i mean just want to say that to get all worked up you know the bug man says
you came up with an idea of the weekend prudent of president's bush i like
that president's bush
wants to give the wealthy a three hundred and thirty billion dollar tax code and
two statement of patriotism what if we gave every soldier that step foot on a
raki napkin so i'll add money instead i'll go for that
if they were hurt or killed given them a double dose i tried to figure out how
much they would be for each of my calculator couldn't handle it but i think it
would be around six million dollars for each one of the five hundred thousand
soldiers
come on you right wing war loving chicken us let's put your guy day money where
your patriotic big miles are and i'll take a big uh... deep breath says the
bug man good idea but man i'll go for that
give it to those people put their lives online for these other assholes were
talking a good game
or look at this comes fell towers
they were offering great condolences
there's a warehouse
very creative audience out there the dance only monday you can only imagine what's
gonna be here like friday
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t
lots of lines not ringing around screenless man on monday
all this great stuff is going on a market is going through the roof
they're probably on the phone with her stockbrokers right now
just sending it in like we say the track send it in baby
don't be afraid send it in plunge your brains out
everything is coming up roses
wqa m
yes sir
boring
wqa m
and can speak to me only speaking
well you know quick and have a reading you pick it up there you go
you gotta be kidding on the
have a
uh... have a
way
well
have a look at the none
and you have to correct that's one that's something that you're a quick
uh... i just got a second
about a week ago
did it hurt
it hurts
it hurts almost about as the market does right now
the market's going through the roof baby
don't get something to that
i'm not that's what i just got to say all these people are going to get all
yeah better get back in
you see how long that'll last
people are going to see that the two hundred point couple days and
all of a sudden remember that everybody's out of work who's i can't afford to
do this they're going to all be allowed again
and i'm looking for job you guys hiring no
thank you
uh...
you don't want to work here we would do that to anybody's here we're not her
we're fighting for the else working for free
that's right we can get another person you want to work for nothing
and just want to pleasure our company come on down
come on down hang out here
hang out with a lot of beautiful people man
pound for pound
this is the heavy duty is place on the face of the globe pound for pound
we got more fat in this joint that's why i had our carlos you was about forty
pounds in a sink and is a naked
that wants to see that not this good
we got more tubs of lard in this place i feel like uh... like uh...
caring carpenter
working this joint i'm serious i feel like miss twiggy
i have never seen so many wrote on tubs of garbier i'm just talking about fat
i'm talking about big gigantic lardas people huge humongous
man
it is enough to make you scream jesus christ
nine minutes past ten we got the marlins in the braves at twelve thirty any
interest no
nice job on a log again by the way water nazi nice job this log is so screwed up
i would wish it on the till of a hunt and the sottom
by the way the sottom that was out there in the crowd he looked pretty good
didn't have
the the only telltale giveaway
was the fact he was wearing a groucho glasses with a mustache the big nose
that was the giveaway other than that you couldn't really tell wasn't him
i think that was a little bit over the top don't you that groucho were a thing
yeah
it even even the mustache wasn't the right color on her sottom up there in the
street there's all the smoke in the background and don't bother him
yeah talk about blowing smoke of somebody's back up
and then the media doodling have to oh yeah well we really have to examine whether
that's him or not
if you got a examiner whether that's really him or not then there's no hope for
the rest of us i'll tell you that
my little dog could have told you that he would he would have laughed at that
that's sottom huh he would have looked at his leg
the number right there on the floor one two and three
that's why that little dog was a little bit of a pest you know most dogs do one
and two he did one two and three and i can't tell you what three was
i'm still trying to figure it out don't look too good
i'll tell you something that's really great and that's getting you a great name
brand ranging for me believe it or not
a great mattress in Toronto i like that i'm just gonna stay in there all
time because i don't want to catch that
SARS ooh that's bad anyway over a million people have ordered new new
mattress and dollar mattress over the phone including me several times it's the
smart way to buy a mattress lots of other things you want to go out like when
you buy produce you don't want to go and order produce over the phone you know
because god only knows what they'd send you i have a couple of cucumbers and
the watermelon then it shows up your house you know not good
but a mattress this is the way to do it one easy call one 800 mattress one 800
MATTRES they carry the best in the university
dollar mattress celi sota simons king coral unbeatable prices unbeatable delivery
deal and dollar mattresses rank number one and customer satisfaction because
they know how to treat your right once you buy a mattress the easy way by
making that one simple called a dollar mattress you'll never go back to the
old fashioned way of wasting time and gas and lots of cash by subsidizing
somebody's high overhead in their showroom again and don't forget when you do
buy your mattress the smart way from dollar mattress they set up the new one
take away the crappy oldsmeadie spelling betting for free let me say it again
try to say it right dollar mattress sets up the new and takes away the
crappy old betting for free make the call right now and as soon as
tonight you'll be doing yourself and your back a big favor call one 800
mattress one 800 MATTRES for our good friends and dollar mattress and be
sure and tell that tubby told you to call my life and look all this is for
305 city
let's smell it
hello Michael isher's office
isher yes sir what the hell got it finish it what the hell are you doing to me
are you doing to me that's right what did I do now sir piglets big movie yeah
like piglets big piece of paint pop what an amazing success we're so proud of
the animation in that that thing finish seven five there seven you know how much
money we spent on that runny little stuttering pig like 80 90 million dollars
93 million dollars on pigwood and open seven it's gonna take me nine
months to make my freaking money back but but but sir the animation is the animation is
terrible I don't know what you're talking about
oh oh oh oh oh oh oh yes sir I got remits outside my
ring on my eyes are okay
right now
in the air your mind
remits coming here
can't eat more than stop two camera and remits
what the hell you doing put in a drainage system
above a drainage system yeah you know the system of all the visual natural drains and ditches
you know used to drain off the plus water I know what a drainage system is
I don't need a drainage system in my office for heaven's sake I don't even have a water
pop is ice now yes sir I'll buy the way I forgot that how did the Oscars go
oh funny you should ask guys no that's my next topic was it an amazing time what the
hell
are you doing the thing are you doing the thing put me on stage with Jennifer Garner
from Elliot well we figured since she's on ABC you know what I figure I do it just for the
hell that it be fun I figure I get a little action afterwards you know what she says to me
why married I can't do that you're my boss I don't want to go down that's all
ring on a minute there's an explosion in my office all right
we have to
yeah oh we have to try guy rack what the hell you doing to me that's left through the wall though
frame is stop blasting through my walls I'm trying to have a phone conversation with my
puss president get away from me reemigast think like go go go go hi sir yes sir
hot the hell are you doing a video are you doing to me but we'll all sir how did it go with
Jennifer it did not I got nothing nothing nothing you wouldn't give me a handi
well so you are married men oh you know what you sound like mini I went home she said oh I saw
you on stage with Jennifer Garner if you love me so much water come on here I said I don't
want to marry her mini I just want to bring it back come on
hey miss what are you doing I'll get your crew out of here I hear
yes all the how are you doing are you doing to make 10 17 at 5 60 nobody here what do you shake
in your head about disturbing what those images that that link that that was sent on the facts yeah
those warmages are disturbing I'll put put it on there okay I think the public ought to be
disturbed see that's why the the powers that be you don't want the American media to show it
those images they want it to be very antiseptic right they don't want the public to see just like
those first the hostages that were like shot and butchered and everything and there was a big deal
about right away there's rumsfeld on a phone of the networks what first of all what the hell
unless it has to do with national security what the hell business is Donald rumsfeld or any of his
other goose stepping assholes got calling the networks telling them what to put on a ear done
absolutely zero but it doesn't look good when people get to see the way that you're young people
are getting butchered in the name of this so-called war which is nothing more than an illegal
violation of the Geneva Convention and UN treaties and U.S. Constitution but other than that
oh no you're wrong the earlier just a party for you just one of those liberal
effect yeah yeah uh-huh sure you see during Vietnam it was very easy right toward the end to jump
on the white bandwagon to be against it after we had the 60,000 body bags come back it was really
easy to be against the war it was the people in the early days who had the vision to see through
all the bull crap in the lives we were being told CBC last night reran the show I wish I would have
taped it I would have played the audio about the patriot missiles the first vintage from Gulf War
one and about how they lied through their teeth and there was the Israeli defense minister
but that was his name whatever the hell's name was Moshe Moshipupik
erens Moshe erens he was under talking about how they're batting average they claimed it was
100% there was a Schwarzkopf under talking about well we got 100% anyway and come to find out that
the then it was like 20% then erens said well even 20% would have been good but we find it was
0% the patriots weren't taking down any scuds zero none syphidy doda that would of that of course
was vintage one of the patriot but don't you know the Raytheon people got a chance to come back it makes
some more version two you know by the way Larry whoever is facting me to 700 pages you think I
canceled it okay don't be faxing me 700 pages Larry about the Denny Hashtag and the Republicans want
to know this and I don't want to I don't want to get that sick also Arthur and Boka
Hockmann is Kain Shionk is they saying hungry okay sends me a fax here about the rankings for the
basic cable networks for the past week and here's the O'Reilly fact they're in Hannity and Coems
is one day but a rather fact of the rest of the uh you know what that proves to me first of all
you got to understand that the right wing people would want to be fed the same crap they're all
watching Fox around a clock if you take CNN and MSNBC and the add their numbers they beat them
every time every day if you add them together even when MSNBC is only got like you know 1.5 to
whatever they got you add them together they be fox all the time there is not any other ultra right
wing thank goodness network so all you people out there all you lemons they want to be spoon fed
garbage uh they're all watching Fox around a clock in addition to which let me also say this
to you Arthur there are a lot more people living in McDonald's than the really fine restaurants too
I ain't going there anymore than I'm going to be watching Fox Fox News is an oxy moron and not only that
but since Fox is so great how come since this has the top 10 well let me give you number nine
first and I'll tell you what beats it out number nine on the record with Greta von Suster and Wednesday
10 p.m. Fox News Channel you know what beats it out number eight or sponge Bob Squarepants Nickelodeon
3.3 how do you like that even sponge Bob Squarepants beats out that nasty nasty ducky looking Greta van
misery the spread of one brown uh huh she's hot yeah that's what mad dog said all right yeah
did we tell the audience about his bad eyesight his little cuck eye oh now this guy's
fixing me this again stop it you maniac not interested god almighty some of you people ask America
this let me ask you one thing Larry you got a life go fax it to Gilbert 5 6 7 0 5 60 look at that
look at the response here on this phone huh a screenless Monday I'm all worked up into a frenzy
here and these people nothing nothing not one line bringing on a flashing on a screenless Monday
all of these things that are going on the world David Bloom dies from a blood clot from a full on her
embolism worked here at Channel 4 did a great job everybody liked them do we have anybody with a
decency to call in and say gee he was really a good guy we enjoyed him and we're really sorry
and one person to say it no because you're a bunch of heartless bastards I want to tell you a
little story about my my uh because of the first and last Panther game in quite a while walk into
the arena the first person who recognizes me is an old bag with her walker who's about 150 years
old she's been dead for years and she shouts out oh must be a really big game today for you to show
up here yeah what a sweetheart yeah with a nasty look on her push I looked at would kill and I
thought I'm in the right place I'm in the right place this of course after you go through the thing
with a frisk you when they oh yeah oh they feel the change you better not be looking around too much
because if you get aroused by anybody oh oh but that's in popular where it's against a lot of
being turgid even in your pants you know back to go through all of that and you walk in and I'm
just minding my business go into my seat just uh you know with the blinders on Sino Evil here
no evil and here she comes why must be a really big game for you to show up here Neil you like
that that was my welcome to the macarena how do you like that no surprise and you know there's a
few other recorders course there weren't too many regularers there yesterday a lot of strange
people I mean really strange but was there one person that came over to me and said hey we really
appreciate what you're doing on here you're the one the lone voice who actually speaking out against
all this and we agree even if they don't agree you know was there one no see that I'm surprised about
no zero none started right out with a negativity because this is a hostile negative sour freaking place
that's one of the main reasons I'm glad I don't have to be if I was here around a year I just I just
kill myself I remember you would have had to be here all your mouth I blow my brains out or I'd
retire and I'd like brown bag my meals every day that's all I brown bag it I move the Vegas take
a chance WQ I am yeah good morning yes sir when is the air yes no chase Taco Bell see see
talk about the eastern conference playoff I'm pretty excited to playoff are actually
happening very soon right you know and a little bit more optimistically shit because I'm a
ruined fan but they started off so they started off so well this year then they have their
horrible slump and then they finished like in seven so I don't know I think they could they could
work out the devil I don't know what do you think about that no chance no chance no chance bad gold
pending man and not only that but the elder goal is her all her goals how she's got injured the
other day yeah it's horrible how do you like that came against Buffalo was the final score 20 to 15
or something I was unbelievable eight to five I think eight to five I didn't get a chance to watch
it actually but yeah so you know hopefully everything works out and well good luck to you man I
like to ruin zero okay they never stole a freight turn then they're not in fact I rather see
them when in Jersey Jersey's boring I can't stand that whole Jersey thing you know I hope they
stick that Marty brooder right back into frog tank thanks a lot you'll take care of these skull
baby no boo wait a minute you're not supposed to say that we're not playing you guys were playing
the flyers do you like the flyers I despise the flyers so goalie's go come on say it just whisper
it goalie's go thank you all right there we go he's not too enthused about it but you know he's
selling it just like you're selling this word everybody hey it's a grand liberation it's liberation
by elimination baby see I realize that I make some people uncomfortable and I know it's a horrible
thing to even think of but just stop and think that maybe it's your kids who are getting their
heads blown off in a car right right in front of you you can't even imagine it and I'll tell you
another thing that I found grotesque and we'll again keep in mind as the here Heinrich von Himlur
Rumsfeld says we'll only see a little slices of what's really going on little snippets so they
show yesterday afternoon and again this morning I saw it where some of our troops are going door
to door in the Baghdad and they're looking for the evil doors you know for the
Dain and and they open the door and the guy what is the schmacht on he comes to the door and like
terrified and he's got his hands up in the air and they're saying no get everybody out you know they
want to wind him down check him out and the next thing they show is him with the whole family the
wife had about four little kids and they're on the lawn and they make them put their hands behind
their head and they are trembling here they have their their rifles pointed at them and the the
whole family is sitting there trembling on the lawn oh we're here to liberate you though and they're
sitting there trembling I'm sorry but anybody who convinces me that who really believes in of course
that's why they use that name Operation Iraqi Freedom that was the that was the straw that put it
over the edge regime change that wouldn't have done it weapons of mass destruction we don't think so
but Operation Iraqi Freedom what's not to like hey we're the great liberators come on we want
to liberate you from life as once you did you certainly can't be you know prisoner anymore
grotesque and how so many of you are buying into this crap just makes me want a barf but that's
okay because as usual I'm way out there in the limit I don't need to McDonald's either thank you
so you continue watching Fox continue watching your all spin all day
Fox news and oxymoron it's like a Jews for Hitler thanks for Bush that kind of thing Jews for
Buchanan I'm sorry I forgot we get up to Palm Beach how is that pull coming which of these
best describes you on the O'Rodgers dot com let's hear from you baby 283 votes I'm a liberal
against the war 88 independent against the war 69 you're making that number up no I'm not
pervert yeah conservative in support of the war 46 independent support of the war 25 I don't give
a shmit about any of 15 people that just want to live their life you should give a shmit you know
you don't even don't get immersed because it just over the top liberal in support of the war 14
liberal undecided 10 conservative against the war 10 independent undecided four and conservative
undecided to I'll add up to the categories during a break because that's gonna you know it's very
complicated isn't it yeah it is well I mean how many people do we have in a whole audience do
think who are really in support of this madness 28 past 10 at 560 WDQM I cannot believe what's
gonna happen in this town tonight it's the last free spaghetti dinner for the season at Pompato
Park wow is there nothing sacred left in the universe huh no of course not you better make
sure to get Pompato Park tonight because with every Pompato Park program purchased you'll get a
coupon good for a free spaghetti dinner at the fourth floor players lounge rumor has it that
Mickey McNichols gonna be buying everybody dinner I don't think so sorry Mickey maybe
Wally will do it what do you think Wally gonna buy me dinner no dinner includes rolls and butter
salad a heaping plate of pasta with marinara sauce it's the best deal all of South Florida maybe
all in North America tonight the last free spaghetti dinner of the season so bring everybody out
from win more cemetery village drag them in there bring them in from McDonald's Pompato Park open
for live harness racing at its best Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday four nights a week first
post time 715 free general parking free admission as well don't forget to be Wednesday at Pompato
Park is dollar night with draft beer hot dogs sodas and more only a bucket piece Pompato Park where
the action is it's gonna be a gigantic night tonight don't forget bring your own glass for your
teeth Pompato Park a block south of Atlanta Boulevard on Powerline Road and also bring a big sack of
money and plunge your guts out tonight post time 715 up those checkered pants want to go out there
and break that **** guys net
over and over into our head Jesus Christ at a rag as some weapons of master's
russian
3000 people killed are now forgotten let's exploit them instead
hate their oil to be counted going after sentum to plain kato sama there's no longer mention of
the name in law that no one seems concerned all come be in complacent believe in every word
of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation and the right wing
is drilling it over and over into our heads that I rag pass on weapons of master's
russian young's of all you ask hold the loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying
we're all suspects now not see as profit saying I have nothing to hide table parkers all are saying
no feed and cattle don't have any reservation out of provoked battle that world annihilation
hold russian must fall in halivergent install with no objection at all
and the crack don't have the ball and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our
parade watch and I rag pass up weapons of master's russian only I rag pass up weapons of master's
russian
1035 560 w2 m happy monday to we got the marlins and the braves 1230 this afternoon a pregame game time 105
all right Hank is doing a show at chulasis have no at least he's back in town that's a start
humber he's back in town a hercourt hotline at chulas at seven eight o'clock we got the big
oh also a chulas but if it be a lot of eating going on over there you know man
eddy k from g a ten o'clock tonight and johan mark overnight no more ball games just a marlin
game this afternoon well i mean how about the panthers when's their playoff run start next year
general j garter and former cia director james woalsie you know who's really great Arthur
can't have you ever seen him he's on the history channel i might have i wasn't he was out with
lo and me fifty dollars over the weekend i'm one of the shows this guy's great he tells it exactly
the way it is the morning show that sunday morning show i beg your pardon was it on that sunday
morning history channel show i just got to send he was out with lo and me fifty dollars oh i thought
lo and me fifty dollars was all with him all right on the history channel they're going to
for larry king not ancient history more recent history not ancient history long me first did
get out of here you old troll with suspenders you silly old koo don't me first did out no on the
king was to show and he was talking about these two guys and about how they're how closely
in bed with the right wingers in israel and about that they're going to be two of the guys
out really i had that article for you last week april one and it was no fooling
u.s. draws up secret plan to impose regime on iraq from the uh guardian newspaper in
england of disagreements broken out of the senior level within the bush administration over a
new government that the u.s. is secretly planning and co-aid to rule iraq in the immediate
act of the overthrow of god emsadam under the plan the government will consist of 23
ministries each headed by an american and of course it says this is another government's
composition appear to be entirely in us hands especially those of paul wolfowicz the deputy
secretary of defense you understand the stupe of extract of everyone this is an oe general
garners officially in charge but according to sources close to the planning of the government
it's had to accept another controversial iraq's advisory rules so in other words paul wolfowicz
and his henchman are putting all of this together i wonder how these two uh puppets of aerial
shiron are going to get along with the iraq i it's going to be a mess i don't want to even predict
the gloom and doom but it's going to be unpleasant okay they're not going to be too crazy about that
you might mention my name's rice master gary w-k-y-m good morning uncle neyam
yes ma'am how are you um very well i just wanted to first of all say that i was absolutely
heart sick when i felt out and out of that david gloom terrible i um you know as when he was here i
always thought he was really very handsome i was i loved you know his reporting i you know when
he made it to the national level i was you know almost kind of proud you know because he was
from here or he was you know one of our reporters and i enjoyed following his career and
you know i um i too you know i felt something you know for him and his family and uh
why can three young daughters i know it's it's really tragic i really you know i know that there's
a lot of you know fighting people over there but you know i guess it might have happened you know
just sitting at a desk too no no did it happen because of where he was i would think so because
of pulmonary you know get the deep veins thrombosis which starts with a blowclots and leg that's
from a lot of inactivity and sitting corsietta all the heavy equipment on like the troops
and out there in the desert for hours and hours this is something that i guess started
with him last week he complained to the doctors for a pain in his leg so that was the beginning
of it and uh you know those things once the blood clot gets loose and it goes up any year long that
can be you can be dead in seconds which is what happened to him well i just want to lay in
if someone have you was actually thinking about that this weekend and oh i had a question for you
on a lighter note um what phrase one that the poll the other day for the most annoying or what
was it the most annoying phrase or remember that poll what was it Carlos what one that i don't know
oh because there was i don't remember if this phrase i'll be honest with you if this phrase
made it but it it's a phrase that month very um at propose the phrase to die for oh yeah that's
it been on there yeah because we could add 50,000 them on there yeah i know it was a big one i just
there was i was thinking about it over the weekend and i was wondering if you remembered anyway i
bet you are equal uh thanks me to list i'll give you the top five okay no thanks thanks have a good one
you too well there's somebody nice enough see it's a lady of course to say something nice about
David Blumos a great guy and was here for several years including during hurricane andruway
and we did some really great work yeah what what's there to say it's just this senseless loss of life
tragic saw the clip where he went after the looters when everybody was well that was great yeah
like in promp due he's down to to cover the hurricane and the relief and all the other and here's
this lunatic running off of the whole you know just a looter ripping off a bunch of crap during
everybody else's time of a duress and he said is there a that a duress in there or what what are
you doing a crap we're just to taking it because you can and he stuck them like right in the ass
whole space nice going David we miss you already i mean you know people are always saying well
you know you're not gonna look and there are a lot of nice people on here in this time Bob we
was a good guy Bob Mayor Bob's about two feet tall oh Bob Mayor sits on 14 phone books but he's a
good guy huh but i am watching channel six news now not that they care over there even when that
silly Tony cigaretteo i won't watch channel four anymore after that angela rape piece about
Jessica i'm I'm serious that's it that's the end for me i watch channel four news for years
for years i don't know why just uh by a process of elimination because i can't stand seven
now that my friend Ricky Sanchez is gone i mean can't stand seven ten every time i see Dwight
i think about eating ass you know i got just there's no credibility there you know i envisioned
Dwight hovering over anzled smelly body oh oh oh nasty so i can't watch that
so i watch i've been watching channel four i'll i'll put up with Tony cigarette at least our good
buddy Joe Rose is on air there you go huh don't have that gap in his teeth anymore thanks to me
i'm the guy that embarrassed him to get no a chicklet stuck in there and that's right he was too
cheap to go to the dentist he just stuck a chicklet in there old Joe Rose just buys a little box
and then when he gets off the news he chooses and then when it come out again yeah i just keep
sticking one in there who also they got on channel six that we'd like Kelly Craig she's
good she's a mountain of a personality huh did she ever lose any weight i'm sorry i'm sorry
we we we love you Kelly i mean and we understand it's not easy she had that kid and then uh you know
it just stayed she found a weight and it just stayed for a while she'll lose it she's great we love
you Kelly anybody else that's it there there's not too many memorable people over there yeah i don't
travel shows to Italy all the time without Jennifer sloppy valopi 18 till 11 at 560 don't
like her too much here's more great deals for you from Tom Lehman and Joe Prieto and hella
Pontiac GMC that are going on right would you hear that i think uh oh going on right now
Neil deal number one gets 0% financing for 60 months on every Pontiac or GMC in stock
Neil deal number two get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC in Pontiac in stock let me say it
get yourself up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car truck in stock and Neil deal number three
if you're currently a GM smart leaser smart buy customer and drive a Chevy Blazer and old
bravado or GMC Jimmy buy or lease a new Pontiac or GMC and next with $1,000 off the price stop by
helet and test drive the all new and powerful Pontiac Grand Prix. Helet Pontiac GMC they've been doing
people great for 35 years this is why they're still there in that same original location which is
134 a one-soft Dixie highway that's US one across from the falls open every day seven days a week
if you want more info on these great Neil deals call the Neil deal hotline tool free at 1,888
534 4211 that's 1,888 534 4211 don't forget all Neil deal subject to credit approval cdlu
4 details. Helet Pontiac GMC they're shouting it from the mountain tops they be professional gray
how errands coming
We have any balls with this rep presents our team and we want our name off of the sign
Yes, it is in very nice and though we want to verify the dolphins have no ball
That's for hope of our signs that we've got
Donna with how to find and so appalled
Many many life with her we came fans will now be checking inside their pants do I have to
Or am I smooth
Take down that coin
They're lying
Don't think don't have any balls
That's why they slap each other's cheeks
Don't ball
Don't have any
Don't have any
Don't have any
Don't have any
Ten forty seven we got big balls here at QM where we're radio-ish
That's right Donna Shalala Eddie Jones there were real upset about that billboard
What was ever the end result of that do we know
No, I think we just have like two teams left up there on that board
Now that Moe is back from his brief vacation I mean here and I think it's true that they've actually taken two of his here pieces
And they replaced the U.M. and the dolphin logos and I won billboard on 441
That's what I'm hearing
Oh and I forgot to wear my raccoon a cat there
Tomorrow morning I think when I come in I'm gonna stick that over the top of my head just stand in the window and
Peer at my close personal friend in here. Here's the facts from somebody
Yesterday made the horrible mistake of taking my nine-year-old son to the Panthers game
Oi
You're right that you could have quit right there was a horrible mistake
At the end of the second period after seeing a fairly good team without its stars destroy a minor league club
We finally left but not without great parting gifts a set of drumsticks
What the hell kind of marketing is that my son love them as he beat me over the head with him from the backseat of the car and away home
Screaming at me that we should have got to the hurricane's baseball game next time I listen to the kid
By the way, we met Rimmer during the first anniversary said that he always buys
Ha ha ha ha ha
Right
He always buys
And I'm glad he mentioned that he reminded me because the Rimmer's wife didn't want me to put it on a year
You know he lives on a golf course now that the season is over no playoffs many many months of an activity in his spare time
He puts on his little bathing suit swims across the lake to the golf course
Find all the air and pick him up and then when I think about we got balls you know
Finds the golf balls
And on the front right in front of his front yard got a big sign Vaka holler
Where is you balls?
You gotta be kidding
No, he's selling these golf balls
Firstly, at least he washes his balls off not in the sink either like you
Oh, okay
Sorry that I had a tell out in the air for all but it's a true story. Well, you know times are tough
Plus he only gets 50% off of the pizza loft you realize that this man wanted me to go to intercede on his behalf
When Jeff is there he gets freebies, but when Jeff is not there he's in a computer for 50% off
Pay the money okay Rimmer you cheap bastard you cheap Canadian to bastard okay good got all muddy
What kind of cheapness is that a guy that's got a three and a half million dollar house?
Why don't you go back to Canada you do bastard right?
Back to Montreal where they claim that you came from even from Toronto. Hey us in Toronto. We don't want to admit it
Spare some change mister. Oh, I'd like to see him in Toronto downtown with all the homeless people
Spare some change mister
Watch him open a wall and let a moth fly out right in their push
He's a panic five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight three and three
And for eyes of wireless life cut it out okay, let's get broke on here. What do you say? I'm taking a rest of the week off
We're gonna put the battling brook on here. No, you love working with her
Don't even like listening to her. Maybe she'd even do her little waxy or ball of wax deal
W to Q.A.M. Yeah, hi Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a show my radio here. You know, I'm not a big Bill O'Reilly fan, but I read his column in Saturday's paper
Oh, I'm sorry about the slaughter. Yeah, he was
Talking about how he got an email supposedly from a Colonel from the third infantry
Where they were saying that we're making history with destroying two-way raki divisions
Everyone is getting a chance to kill somebody. We've killed over 10,000 Iraqi soldiers and body parts on knee deep. Oh
I saw something like this on C-SPAN 2 an ITN reporter reporting it who was abruptly cut off on Saturday as well
And what I've heard from I don't even watch out news the news that we have here these these channels CNN and all because
They said what 500 Iraqis dead in about 80 Americans. It seems like it's very easy
Mm-hmm, but you set a couple of numbers on a piece of paper just statistics. Yeah, collateral damage. Yeah, you know, it was funny
You talk about that how it's just numbers on paper like with me with a lot of folks down here with David Bloom
I don't know when he soldiers in there right and you know you saw him you said oh my god. That's like someone you know
We knew it away and he wasn't even in combat no no he wasn't but but cramped up in that humbry you know did like you know that that's what did him in you know and
You know that's a shame I mean and I'm sure there's so many people what did he die for I mean granted he was a great news guy
And he wanted to be there and wanted to cover the thing but what did he die for what did he give away his life to accomplish?
Absolutely nothing in that sense. I mean, you know you go there to report a story
I mean, it's a little bit different than covering the aftermath of a hurricane or the flooding of the river where you're sitting there and
Here you're putting your life you know on the line and like you just said for nothing
Mm-hmm, you know and that was it but but you mentioned a couple weeks ago about the slaughter that was going on and there was absolutely nothing
Nothing that you could find about what's really going on there and I was surprised to find an on an O'Reilly column and
You know about what's really going on and then Americans you know, I mean there's 70% of them that have their head in the family
Yeah, and they just don't want to know and just one last thing I don't before you go on
I always used to wonder as a kid especially how it is that the German people followed Hitler and
I see a lot of similarities here. That'll just go stepping in the line
They love every second of it. We're superior to everybody else. We're going to kick all our enemies ass and the you see
Highland and 70% the American public are buying to that mentality absolutely and like you said you know liberation by a
Limonation right I saw those pictures two of the soldiers with with that family
We had the guns pointed at some family and that was scary and yeah, they were they were terrified. They were shaking like leaves, you know
And it's just so bizarre, but you know the defense contracts are being wind up
You know there's a lot of people a lot of companies that stand to make a lot of money as a man you
That's a man and that was it. You know, I went to in fact one of the stories on our website today the checkered past of US firms in the frame
Chroney said to make a killing by the London observer. Chroney said to make a killing absolutely
One last thing I don't know about on a different note the sayings you had last week
I think there was one there's more than one way to skin a cat
No, that would have been good. Yeah, I don't know how many ways you need but we'll do it again one day like tomorrow
Okay, never ever rate it five five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty now Eric never fast me the result of that pull
I know he's got it. He's probably busy eating though. He's looking for it
I talked to okay, didn't I just don't the tool you get started again
I don't want no, why did you call him?
Because if you'd speak to him and there's gonna be a little friction, you know, it gonna be like oh
He had to hurt you though. Why he had it hurt you he hadn't he had it. I just learned a bit. He had he had he had
He had not he had not heard it. Well, why what's he doing? Listen to what's Dr. Laura? Of course. Oh
I always knew it about him. He's not fooling me
Listen to Dr. Laura up there. She's probably called me a communist again today that bitch that nasty miserable
Right wing orthodox Jew bitch. You know who should be a good mate for Jew Lieberman
I'd like to see the two of them alone not seriously, and they could both wear it on her sleeve
Oh, I'd like to do something under sleeve. Yeah, big pile
As soon as I get done a Cleveland clinic
I'm gonna go over to Dr. Laura's house. I'm gonna invite Jew Lieberman for a nice kosher lunch, and I'm gonna
Take a dump and smear it on both of them
And then I'm gonna smear what's ever left over an airy fleshyers bald spot
Hey, I don't know. Maybe it's a hockey game you say. Just kind of like put me in a left me in a sour mood
5670560 pound 560 on a AT&T. I'm telling one thing that pull over the weekend George
See, I don't know whether that's good or bad
He came in second place to bury Manolo
I guess it's bad
Because I mean if they're bears to say it that means that they're
They enjoy his work
Right, but they're in bears to say it. It's as opposed to saying he sucks on the air something like which we've already done
Those polls. Let's do that again while he's going this week
Why do you think George sucks? So now we're not gonna do that. We're not gonna pick on George when he's not here
I enjoy it more when he is here to pick on him. He gets all defensive
He is so thin skin man. He pretends that he's not
For you do you think that haven't done this now for five years on an off-filling and everything you know
I've to do a few shows that thin skin this goes away not him. Wow. You still find a button here there
You could just see his button
Man even an elevator in an 80-story building. I have as many buttons as he's got
Wow, by the way don't touch the buttons in the elevator. You can get sourced
I
Wash your hands real good with soap under the nails. Huh? They they don't know they're just talking kaka
They don't know if you really wanted to scare the crap out of the public
There's an article. I don't want to say what it is. I'm not gonna talk about it. Huh
I don't want to do you read it? You know the one talking about
Yeah, I'm prison planet right about sorry. I don't want to say that the guys a little I mean maybe he's right
But I'm not gonna talk about it here on the air as a matter of not not gonna say it today
Remember what I said you before the year show about 9-11
I don't want to say that yet because it's just I can't bring myself to say it yet
I may have to apologize to a lot of people have coded the last year and a half on a show not yet though
Because I think they maybe a little over the top a little you know, I don't want to say yet. Maybe tomorrow
1056 and 560 wqm at a sensational Monday. I don't know what it is
Must have been that hockey game and the lady in the beginning got me in such a good mood
Maybe we'll see in rimmer after the game
After why can we let the game in the middle of second period he was waiting right outside there after fully scored the fifth goal
I guess he knew we'd be flying out of there and we were
And he has hand out I haven't he spared change at the moment as handout get a little tin cup
I don't know. I forgot to ask him what he was doing out there a little tin cup
Take out the collection to replace them real salary and I loved that thing in the column yesterday about oh
Well, we're not gonna pay any get anybody new next year. I'm gonna pay any big salaries, huh?
What
Wow
Liberation by elimination of the fans. That's what we're doing at the macarena. We're eliminating them like crazy
Pay those gigantic prices to come in and see all the youngsters in your organization the ones that we can afford to keep here
And of course the really good ones are gonna be going someplace else
Good going this Molly. I don't want to get an Alan Cohen's case. Okay, because you know, he'll we deserve it big time
We've got a lot of people suckered in and all these columnists to just they're lackeys
Don't make any difference who's running the organization. They just rub right the same old crap
An old number eight was out there through actually he compared the rest of the team he played pretty good yesterday
Through a couple of really wild wicket hits
I mean, I can't say a whole lot for him. At least he did something
Right Pete come on Pete hits somebody
The lies pot in Florida
Yeah
Yes
And our mission is clear to disarm a rock of weapons of mass destruction
To end Saddam Hussein support for terrorism and to free the Iraqi people
It's a job
That's
American and coalition forces space enemies who have no regard for the conventions of war or rules of morality
Iraqi officials have placed troops and equipment in civilian areas attempting to use innocent men women and children as shields for the dictators army
The one Americans in all the world know that coalition forces will make every effort to spare innocent civilians for part
The security of our nation in the peace of the world
And we will accept no outcomes
But victory
11-01560 WDQM here's the fact that says David Bloom was a blessing as an alternative to the showtime
superficial American idol mentality of newsrooms today
He is see now the facts are this one. This is one of our regular factors
He's gonna be upset with me when I make my comment here says he and solely died were real professionals
You know solely that O'Brien
Been bet
It was a real pleasure to watch them do real news program on Saturdays
There were easily a better duo in all senses a real chemistry more sexy more charming again much more professional than the mat and kd
Act every dream to be if they were more sexy doesn't it sound like a American idol
Huh, I see out on this this fact. So that makes me a little bit nervous because David Bloom was great no matter what he was doing
Whether it was like goofing around on the uh that weekend today sure whether he was being like a recourse bonnet like he did the from wherever no matter
Where the hurricane anywhere he was
But solely that O'Brien oh my god you've got to be kidding me okay
Been most central and by I heard she got turned down at bimbo central
to over the top
56705 60 pound 560 but we got that Marlon Braves game at 1230. Let's do a lot more of those starting at about 1015 sounds good to me
Let's play a little small ball. We got Carlos here for that
Small balls. Oh, I'm sorry, and then we got remember with the golf balls for you
We got that master stuff all week on long. They're gonna be hucking about that and about Martha Burke at about hoodie in your Johnson
Oh god, give it a rest mo. Okay, it is so boring already
It was kind of titlating for a little while there, but Jesus god
You know so there a bunch of blue nose Yahoo good old boys up there
They don't want no broads in there. They don't want no fags. They don't want no spooks in there a long time ago
But then they had you know I seriously I wonder if the same thing were being said about black people being excluded from it
It would be like saying but you know all those other people didn't want Rosa Parks at the front of the bus
Well tough crap. She made her point. She made her stand
And yet there were more important things that black people had to worry about that back then about who is gonna sit
We're on the bus, but nevertheless you have to attack it in all areas
And all the excuses that the that the old hoot hooting hoodies like uh, oh, that's what he says a hooting hoody
Yahoo
I can see him with a big hood on his head. You know I can now seriously at least to cover up that damn piece that raccoon
A big big pointed hood on his head
I can see it right now up there when I gust it with those all those old oh nasty miserable
Arnie Palmer and Nicholas Gary play you can smell a goddamn toe jam coming from there. Oh, geez
Blue noses
That's what golf's all about. We don't want no broads in here spoiling our fun
And of course anytime I hear a guy saying something like that. We don't want no broads in here. You know what that is
That's a gay club you moron. That's right
Just like remember when they stare having a broad reporters in the locker room
Yeah, they can't be naked. Oh
We don't want no women in the locker room. They might see a penis. Whoo
And there's a few things in the world more uh, hysterically uh, the women just goes nuts over a flaccid penis
right
Right a flaccid penis
I don't want I'm not gonna delve into that okay because I know you're gonna take this just like Georgia's trained you
It's obvious to me. This is the moment you've been waiting for Georgia's trained you very well
Just pick your opening so to speak and jump right in with something really grow 10. We're not gonna be doing that today
Or tomorrow or Wednesday maybe next week someday if I like decided to call in sick like Monday would be good
WDQ I am
Yeah, this is art bill
5 6 7 0 5 60 how come you don't get it that he's not gonna be on again ever
It's just it's real simple. There's like a little yellow button here and you just disappear like so like the ass
So let you are you won't be on this show again. Don't you get it? Don't you understand it?
Huh?
Which words don't you understand can't you fathom it? No you jack as you
Man is he pathetic see now George gets upset about that guy not me. I
Kind of enjoy WQ I am
Neal good morning. How you doing very well. Thank you. I really just wanted to thank you for mentioning that family this morning
Because I will tell you what I couldn't finish my breakfast after I saw that I mean I wonder how many of these people who are a gun
Hope for this world. We're like to have you know a bunch of soldiers come to their house and if force everybody at gunpoint to come out and terrorize
Neal that little girl is going to be scarred for life and I was you know relating that story to some of my less enlightened co-workers this morning
Who still buy into all the Schmidt that is being fed to them by the media right and you know not that I needed an excuse
But but now I'm more determined than ever that I've just got to get out of this country
And I was wondering because I heard you mentioned a few weeks ago
You were talking about places that people would like to visit that they hadn't been to right
And I've never heard you mentioned Stockholm and I was wondering if you it's a beautiful city
It's a wonderful place. I've been there my lot of drugs there, but it's a beautiful city
They're at least they're not late all over the streets anyway
That's right. They're not laying all over the streets and they take care of their people
And and I'll tell you what I'm counting the days I'm out of here
As a matter of fact, it's funny you mentioned Sweden because I had a story that I never got to last I'll ever find it
But about how Sweden is like number one in terms of computer literacy around the world
You must have slipped the number three behind Sweden and Denmark. It is
It's number one in in a lot of
technologically
related fields and not only that but just their standard of living is so high
I mean I'm on anger. We'll put you on here forever. No, don't go running off now. I got a break
He always have a nice day sweetheart. Thanks. Thanks. Don't go running off there
Always play he always does that he comes to me. He knows I'm in the middle of a segment here
He gives me a look. Look how reddened the face. He's gonna. I know your game
You've been playing this game forever for a long before I came here. It's the old hit and run
Makes a little appearance. You know, I'm gonna do the break even early now because we got that big baseball game
Coming up. It's the final score 20 to 17 by the way. We don't know the winner
Nice pitching by the way. So let me ask you this
The billboard on Sheridan and whatever at a 441
What's the deal? What's the current status on our billboard?
Still there with the with the all the logos
Oh
Now was that he's hold up the peace sign. I know it. That's why he's holding up the peace sign. He said peace on me or something like that
Okay, Carlos will
Well, that's great. We still got the billboard up there. How do you like that data and Eddie use silly old coupe man with a plaid pants
In fact, the first game that moment over there to broadcast the dolphins that was the first thing he said Eddie Jones take off those checkered pants
Yeah, that was the first thing he said to him. They still weren't him people are talking about you Eddie
You know that Eddie lives in the same complex with the rumor
Same complex. They both have a three and a half million dollar house and rumors still getting free me
I bet your Eddie Jones pays for his meals at the pizza lock. Not rumor
Anyway, that's a great see you
So the billboard is still there as we finally grow a little pear. We're not gonna be uh, coward and that don't a shaleila
By the way, the rumor around town is she's got a bigger pair than all of us put together is what I'm here
That's just a rumor now great is that leaving? That's what he thinks
Nine minutes as a matter of fact could be arranged where it tells that one cart
Nine minutes after 11 at 560 QA hits that time of the year again
We got the basketball championships today. We have the Santa Cup playoffs coming up
We got baseball man if you want to plunge your brains out and put down some bets
You better know who you're dealing with VIP sports book calm is the best in the world
You can have complete trust in VIP sports book calm and a legal license sports book
One of the original online books in the world and like I said still the best if you like Harry Parley ads
How to partly ads about the 2001 sound of you how about free same day payouts
How about a 15% cash bonus added to your first deposit but most of all for the past 70 years VIP sports book calm
As earned a reputation as the sports book with the best customer service anywhere sports book review dot
Combs rated them number one customer service two years running
So if it's your turn to go on a run of a lifetime
You better make sure with the right sports book when it happens sign up online at VIP sports book dot
Come and get yourself a 15% cash bonus added to your first deposit nothing like starting out of big winter
If you're not online call them tool free at 1 866 VIP bets. That's 1 866 VIP bets
Don't forget the 15% sign up bonuses only available online
So get yourself online cash in that 15% cash bonus today at VIP sports book calm where you be the VIP
Thing rape is funny
yes
but she knows what is best for you
She's dispensing sound advice, two morons' wings.
The brains of mice.
Hey, Dr. Laura, by the way, how's your mother feeling today?
Laura, I would strongly advise to put your tongue in my brown eyes.
Dr. Laura, oh f***er.
He just yes, just to cover the smell of provoloche's,
oozing from her pony eyes.
No, 1114 at 560, WQM, no, I'm not a Gregor, but it's certainly been nice seeing it.
Yes, sir, absolutely.
I'm gonna start singing O Canada right here on the air.
No, don't do that. Don't do that. We want to be real.
Anyway, we got the billboard is still up there. We took the balls off it,
because you and I did often, so I didn't have any balls, but we acutely got the ball.
Oh! We got a little pair. We're playing large ball.
Okay, how's that pull going, by the way? Which of these describes you?
Liberal?
Look at that. Greg came in here, now my mouse is all screwed up.
Liberal against the war, 104. Don't touch my mouse again, Greg.
140, liberals against the war. How many votes we got here, Carlos?
435. Thank you.
Independent against the war 94. Conservative in support of the war 69.
Didn't make the number up. Independent in support of the war 42.
I don't give a shmit about any of it, 29. Liberal in support of the war 21.
Liberal on the side of 13. Conservative against the war 13.
See, I thought back in the beginning, the real conservatives were all against this.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Including Papu Cannon. But independent on the side of 12 and conservative on the side of 2.
So, on the side of it, we got 27. Right and he's down.
Oh, did Eric ever face me that thing?
Yes, sir.
He did. He said, sorry, it took me a while to sort it. Well, don't do it again, Eric.
And don't call Carlos, okay, where I'm just kidding.
Oh, here's Tom who says those who think the troops are coming back after Iraq better think again,
not until the Bush administration gives control of the whole of the least.
I'm afraid you're right, Tom. They got that plan, you know.
First, Iraq and then Syria and then Iran, although not necessarily in that order, but I think that's the order.
And then who knows what's after that, you know.
Isn't it ironic, though, that the people that we should have been doing all along Saudi Arabia and Pakistan?
Huh? The packers that I want to put the Taliban in their first place and the leader,
Prof. Moussara, Prof. Moussara, he's a military dictator who took over control of the government by a military coup.
Kuku Kachu.
Anyway, here's how it came out. What are they banging again?
Is that when he continued to soften me up so I wouldn't complain that they're banging with a construction again down there?
Is that what Greg was in here to distract me from that?
I may have an earplug up a little bit, but I'm not that deaf. They're banging on it.
Oh, you know who that must be? Let us in! Let us in! That must be that crowd again, the right wingers.
That must be the crowd from Fox. Let us in!
No, you can't come in. We hear you knocking, but you can't come in.
You hear that? Yeah, it's the biggest crowd.
Yeah, it's that same asshole. You remember those pictures from the election? Indeed.
Let us in! Let us in!
Boy, Hanger Kimmer would have been proud. Good, Goli Miss Molly.
You understand the destuplication of everyone.
I know that you remember we had the big run on duct tape and the viscreen?
Right. Now we got a big run on hip boots.
You can use your own imagination as to why. Okay, it's good to have hip boots to goose step. Oh, God.
Anyway, here's the who won that thing. Which of these phrases or expressions bugs you the most?
Weapons of mass destruction, 121.
Well, I figured it's timely. Yeah, weapons of... Okay, that's them.
You go, girlfriend, 109. That's because we can't stand Oprah.
Ooh, whoa.
A lot of those fat shut-in women that George always talks about they love...
Oprah.
The rest of us can't stand it, bitch. She has no talent. She makes me nauseous.
I don't begrudge her or her opinions. Even if she's lucky enough to make it more power to her, just get out of her face. Go away.
121 for weapons of mass destruction, 109 for you, girlfriend. 86 for WWJD.
What would Jesus do, huh?
What would Jesus do while all these bodies are being mangled and being decapitated, huh?
That's a real good question. All you hawks out there. What would Jesus Christ do?
21. I'm sorry. What are these other numbers on here? Don't ask.
Don't ask. You know what I'm saying? 73.
What's your take? 59. Don't even go there, 53.
My bad, George says it all the time. I hate my bad. 45.
Like little kids would say, my bad. My bad. Oh!
44. You know I should have got a lot more votes in there. What's wrong with you people?
You say these things all the time, you know? My nigger, 43. Embedded 31. That was a small potatoes after that.
Small ball only had four. That's because there's no Marlon fans in addition to which they're not playing small ball.
Here's a fact that says welcome to the Bazarah world. The most renowned rapper is White. The most famous golfer is Black.
And the revered commander in chief is a drac dodger who went a wall from the National Guard.
It says I don't want to play program director, but it's possible to play the civil defense test for three hours instead of Mo and Squeaky.
You know, I expect speaking a squeaky, but it's not the same squeaky that this guy is talking about. It's more like the other squeaky, you know?
I was thinking Wednesday that noon to one hour. Mo bits, Mickey Mouse bits, and what else?
And I had one other category. I don't think it was for the whole hour.
That was it. Very good. Excellent. Michael Jackson bits, Mo bits and Mickey Mouse bits this Wednesday noon to one. I love that.
I haven't played that in a long time. Is that in here? Probably not.
Michael calls Tommy number 75. Yeah, it is in there. I'm going to play that moment. I love that.
What are my favorites? It is one of the all time favorites, even Greg was saying. When are you going to play that again?
5670560. Found 560 on a AT&T and Verizon line WQAM.
Hey, Neil. How you doing? Pretty good.
I'm real quick. If I decoded that encrypted conversation, we're having a little while ago. I think I'll be one of those people that you'll be apologizing.
Now wait a minute. Encoded the conversation. Who Greg?
No, that you were having with Carlos and that for yours, right?
Yeah. But you were saying that if you were old people in apology for the people who I guess were insinuating that the president knew about 9-11 or the pieces in.
Oh, I apologize. Oh, you did apologize? No, no, I apologize right now.
Oh, okay. I'm not saying that because you really have to, I just, I don't know if I can really convince myself.
I would hate to be that cynical. I could believe that. But it's starting to look really nasty, you know, especially with all this Peanak stuff and everything.
It's starting to look really suspicious.
Because if you remember Dick Cainey called Tom Daschel and said, don't investigate. Do you remember that?
Yeah. And if you look at this.
And then when they put Henry Kissinger in charge of the investigation, then you knew that the rear fox was guarding the old chicken coop.
Look, why still an election to get in the power and then can't go along with the plans that you had all along?
Yeah, that's true.
So you have to do something.
They would be like breaking into a bank and not stealing the money.
Exactly. So how could they do what they do without the people behind them?
How could they do what they do? You're right.
Well, I'm one thing. One more thing.
Yes, sir. I called Mo this morning about the problem.
What did you call him?
I could call him a lot of people.
Okay, an old fossil.
Yeah, he made a comment this morning about the golf thing and the guffness.
Yeah.
And he said, well, what difference would it make if the women do get the golf there?
And I called him, but I didn't get a chance to make the point because he hung up on me.
Of course.
I was going to make the point where what difference did our Jackie Robinson make in the baseball world?
Right. And what difference did the, who was the, uh, Lee Elder?
Wasn't he the first black guy to live in there?
In the golf center?
In Augusta, yeah, Lee Elder.
Yeah.
If they wouldn't have let Lee Elder in, they'd have had to put their tail between their legs to let Tiger Woods play out there.
That shows you how embarrassing this whole thing is.
But again, because it's women and because it's a bunch of blue nose guys on a sports talk station,
naturally, they were pandering to that mentality.
Exactly.
Okay, Neil.
Have a great day.
We're all going to chip in and buy Moe on one of those beautiful, beautiful hoods.
Huh?
In fact, we're going to bring a deliver right up to Bokeh to his hood.
He's not going to be able to wear it with a piece though.
Yeah, yeah, we will.
We'll have, we'll have a spot on the side like under the cutaway thing so we can like fit through the side.
Okay.
Where the muskrat can poke its little head off the side of the hood.
It can do the muskrat ramble right down the side of his head.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60.
We got the Marlins and the Brains coming up at 1230.
You notice I mentioned that a lot because I'm really excited about it because I forgot.
Boy, I can't be getting to tell you what an orgasmic feeling that is when you come in and you find out that you get out of here early.
I mean, I some people get pissed off and feel like we're cheating like I'm being lazy and I used to.
Too bad.
Yeah, until you started doing this and then you realize, oh, thank God.
Thank good old.
Yeah, good.
WQIM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
What's with Bell Salveg?
You're bringing your phone, ringing your phone after two minutes and hangs up those fast busy.
They suck, they suck.
The best investment I didn't make was ever renewing my season tickets for the past two years and I boycott it every game this year.
You sure had a lot of company, I'll tell you that.
Unbelievable.
And they're going to do anything.
So why don't we just, I don't know, get some smart bombs headed for the, what is their own beef?
Okay, great.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound, see that?
He was doing so well until he got to that.
You know, he dropped, you dropped the big one right there in the middle of it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Which of these describes you liberals against the war 146 independent against the war 100 conservatives against the war.
We got 13 of those.
That's 259 out of 460, tooth.
Conservative in support of the war 71.
Independent in support of the war 47.
That's 118.
And liberal in support of the war 20 to that's 140.
What I say on the first number?
118, 246 and, uh, uh, two, uh, whatever it is.
Don't win.
It's going to change again in a second anyway.
Look, this is, it's a kind of alluded thing.
Okay, if I read the whole thing, we're not going to have anybody like this.
It's just too long.
It's fine as a pull.
It would be like, if I, I think this weekend we'll do that ethnic pull that we do like once a year, you know, the breakdown, the demographic pull.
Right.
Find out if we still have anybody listening, which I doubt.
But, you know, would, and so what would be the point of reading it, you know, I'm an 18 to 24 year old male.
I can't get laid.
Well, I would be half our audience on this station.
God.
Clarets would have to vote on there.
The beast.
What now, whatever was the upsh...
Chuck of that beast.
We saw the picture.
She was, for him, she was pretty nice.
Oh, yeah.
For him.
For him, my mother would be pretty attractive.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the...
And I'm going to say it again this Friday on the beast in case you missed it, lost 2 and a half more pounds.
Came in here for his way and on Friday.
2, 24 and a half.
Still looks like a tub.
And I'm going to lay the log down in.
No more diary and in the food.
No more excuses either because the food that since I've been back from balance for life is outstanding.
I had yesterday for my, like, after the hockey game.
And quite frankly, I almost lost my appetite.
But I had a spinach fusilli with a spinach fusilli citrilliano,
which had like mushroom and not mushrooms, but had like olives and capers and tomatoes and cheese
that of course when you put it in the microwave, the cheese melted all the way through it.
Oh, it was to die for.
Sounds great.
And I got my Rubin rafts today, which I got more than one, but nevertheless.
Huh?
I'm doing the old Rubin raft, baby.
That's Rubin asked you to those who don't know who that is.
Remember Rubin is cute?
You know, he started looking pretty good.
And Bobby Graham, boy, what a great governor he was compared to what we got now.
Look what we got now, huh?
Pop had jenko.
Look what we got.
We got the bush, myster.
Everybody look.
It's everywhere.
Look, there's another bush.
Seriously.
Hey, no.
Everywhere you look, there's another one.
It's getting kind of scary.
I always told you guys, watch out for the wicked bush.
Wouldn't listen to me.
26 past 11 at 560 WQR.
I told you, Rackies, look out for that nasty bush.
Our very bad for the skin.
There is a new decontaminate skin lotion though that...
Oh, yeah.
And you know what that new lotion does by when a new decontaminate?
Ah, I can't find it.
I can't believe it.
I got the old thick finger now, which is really...
Oh, look at that.
I can't do it, Carlos.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Look about anti-climactic.
Like five hours later, he finally gets it up.
Well, too late now.
Too late now.
Miguel's gone.
Hey, how many times you heard about an opportunity?
You didn't act.
You didn't grab it.
And you missed out.
Right like right there.
Well, now is one of those times.
Rarely does an opportunity interrupt your life.
But this one should.
Interest rates have gone down even lower than before.
The financial group was offering an interest rate of 3.45%
pretty damn good.
Then they lowered it to 2.95%.
Now rates even lower.
2.45% financing with financial group you heard right.
2.45%.
Call them to get all the information about how this works.
Call financial group toll free at 1-800-940-Lend.
How long will these low interest rates last?
Probably not very long.
It's a window of opportunity.
Go through that window of financial group and get an incredible low rate of just
2.45% and save yourself thousands and zillions of dollars.
Call financial group 1-800-940-Lend.
What a 2.45% financing due to those monthly payments.
I'm glad you asked.
A $200,000 loan cost only $786 a month.
A $100,000 loan cost only $393 a month.
Do it now.
Call financial group at 1-800-940-Lend.
1-800-940-Lend.
The Reneku housing lender.
Credit restrictions do apply.
And rates are subject to change without notice.
5.34 APR.
RIDE AND LOCO.
Here's Sports Radio 560.
She went UAM.
It is so hard.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello, Tabimoto residents.
Who is this the maid?
No, this is the wife, Talia.
I like to speak to Tommy Metolia.
Hello, Tabimoto residents.
Hello.
Hello.
No, no, no, Talia.
Talia, let me talk to the devil.
Please hold.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
What is it?
You got the phone.
Oh.
Phone.
Hello.
Tommy Metolia.
Speaking.
This is Michael Jackson.
You lost your job.
You lost your job.
Hey, I didn't lose my job.
I stepped down.
Oh, sure.
However you want to paint the picture.
Whatever you have to tell yourself in order to save some sort of face you do it.
But you will lose your job.
You know, actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice.
What?
It's kind of nice to hear anybody's voice.
What are you talking about?
Michael Jackson.
Yeah.
Can you hear that?
That's why Mexican wife, let me tell you.
It was cute for maybe five, ten minutes a day.
But if I got to stay home on her every day I'm going to go crazy.
I want to go crazy.
You're getting your justy shirts.
Tommy Metolia, that devil.
All we do is eat Mexican food.
Jimmy Chungas, burritos, tostitos.
I got more gas than X-onc.
And you deserve to have the bloat.
Listen Michael, I'll resurface somewhere.
I'll start another label.
Sure you will.
So you can destroy the career of other budding artists.
Are we going to Chevy?
Yes, Tommy.
We're going to Chevy.
Thank you very much.
All right.
Oh, geez.
If it's not Chevy, it's T-keys.
If it's not G-keys, it's...
What's that drive in place?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I called to beret you.
And all I'm getting is dribble and Jimmy Changa.
Mm-hmm.
Admit it.
I was the reason you were forced to be fired.
Right, I know.
Because I'm very, very, very devilish.
Ah, ooh.
I want to live in America.
I want to live in America.
You're living in America.
All right.
Hey, look, Mikey.
I got to go.
Okay.
I got to take her over to Taco Bell.
Tammy!
Okay.
Chavis, you want to come with us?
No, I don't want to be seen with you.
You are the devil.
So at this point, I am finding myself having some sympathy for you.
Mm-hmm.
All right.
All right.
All right.
I got to go there, Mikey.
Let me tell you something.
If I were to fart right now,
half the neighborhood would go up.
What the fuck?
Yeah.
26th of noon is 560.
Nobody cares.
It's one of the all-time best.
You know, we ought to do that again one of these days.
And maybe tomorrow.
It's just a joke.
It's just a joke.
Anyway, National Public Radio reports that they found missiles
with seren and mustard gas.
Didn't we have that on like an hour ago?
Yeah.
Well, anyway, National Public Radio is saying it right now.
Missiles with seren and mustard gas are ready to go.
Did they use them?
No.
No.
I guess it was too late.
US forces stormed through the Baghdad.
American tanks and armored vehicles
rubbed into Baghdad today storming Iraqi President Saddam Hussein's main
presidential palace and destroying symbols of the Iraqi regime.
Iraq offered little resistance,
but later when Iraqi missiles slammed into the tactical operation center
for the US Army Second Brigade of the Third Infantry Division,
at least four people including two soldiers
and two more journalists were killed,
and 15 wounded in the strike army sources said,
while two Marines, if you're dead,
in a separate firefight east of Baghdad.
Fighting also rage in southern Iraq, where British forces
increased their control over Basra as well as northern Iraq,
where coalition forces captured a key rage between Mosul and Kirkuk.
You did see by the way that for days that they had,
I mean, they got some of the electricity back on.
No electricity in the city of five million people.
Yep.
And no water.
But other than that.
And?
And not only to mention that air that they were giving them all
Asmen and Fasima.
Maybe they can sue somebody like John Eastman.
Maybe John would have let the Iraqi people know he won the lawsuit.
How many times have the British said that they were in control of Basra?
Since they've gotten there.
All right.
I think just over the weekend.
But third man.
Yeah.
Here's the fact that says Bush has convinced that he is the Messiah.
After he delivers the promised land, he figures he'll be at least
to get the title of prophet.
But the problem with his facts is they spelled prophet with a pH.
No, it's not the prophet with a pH that they're all worried about.
It's the prophet with a P-R-O-F-I-T.
F-I-T, which is what we're having as a fit.
And I've spoken to many people in the building already.
Many.
But third man.
Who saw those pictures of that family in Baghdad?
And they don't quite get the idea that we're good friends.
That this is their idea of liberation.
They're scared, crapless.
Did you notice the right cross it that the hospitals are getting so barrized
with wounded and dead that they can't even keep track anymore in Baghdad?
They can't even count the number anymore.
They stopped counting.
They stopped trying.
Right.
And of course, you know the response from these good right-wingers
and these good goose steppers out there.
Not just right-wingers, goose steppers.
And all fairness to the right-wingers.
They got a lot of company.
We got to get them before they get us.
Brilliant.
We're here to liberate you,
but we're going to get you before you get us.
Huh? What?
Let's see.
Here's a fact that says,
why couldn't he run?
Oh, that's bad.
That's bad.
But you do have a good point.
I don't want to read it on here.
It's a...
Well, I told Carlos,
we agree with it,
but it's just in very poor taste.
I don't want to put that in here.
Although,
then here's one that says,
W-W-W-J-D,
what would George do?
That's not bad.
I like it.
He wanted to start his own religion.
I think when he comes back...
Hello, George.
We can, you know, maybe turn him on to that.
And George thinks he's the Messiah.
I mean, put the picture in here.
Yeah, he sure does.
No, our George.
Let's see.
Mad Dog, how are David and Gildey already making excuses
for the orphans because of their schedule?
Oh, man.
Oh,
making excuses in April?
Because they got a schedule.
You get your schedule based on where you finish.
Oh, but they in December,
we have to go over there.
The NFL hates us.
Oh,
starting to sound like Wayne Gretzky.
You know, the whole world hates Canada.
They want us to lose the whole world.
Wouldn't know where Canada was on the map.
If he gave him guidance in 15 tonics from Tim Hortons
and a hockey puck
and a stone from the curling match.
Oh, we sure miss our good friend,
Sondra Schmurler, the Canadian Curler, Rest in Peace.
You know, she died?
No.
Oh, yeah, like a year or two ago.
The great Canadian Curler, Sandra Schmurler.
No, I remember the name.
It's Ed.
Cancer.
Rest in Peace.
She died.
Then it also says here,
two new sports stations beginning West Palm Beach
goodbye morning show.
Wow.
Where is the crow?
And he was gone.
Thank you so much.
You covered it all.
Covered all the bases there.
Played a little small ball.
Then here's one that's got a bunch of quotes
from Hermann Gearing.
Well, we know that one.
He said about how nobody wants to go to works of countries
because people, he said,
why would some poor slab on a farm on a risk of his life in a war
when the best he can get out of it is to come back to his farm
in one piece.
And whoever was it, who's the guy that was doing this interview?
It says that the guy's name was Gilbert.
Was interviewing Hermann Gearing?
Good match.
It says there's one difference I put it out.
In a democracy, the people have some say in the matter
through their elected representatives.
And the US only Congress can declare wars.
And Gearing says, oh, that's all well and good,
but a voicert no voice, the people can always be bought,
brought to the bidding of the leaders.
That's easy.
All you have to do is tell them they're being attacked
and denounced the pacifists for lack of patriotism
and exposing the country to danger.
It works in the same way in any country.
Said Hermann Gearing.
How do you like that?
You understand the stuff of these trash of everyone.
And we've had that quote on here many times.
We can't repeat it often enough.
We need more facts paper in here, Moff.
I don't want to put a lot of pressure on you,
but we need lots of...
And you can bring that copy in here too.
Don't give me that look like, you know,
I'll take it right now.
Whatever you've got, I'll take it.
It's a very informal show.
Just bring it on and give me some facts paper while you're at it.
This is the same crappy already gave me.
Isn't it?
Oh, this is from Todd Dreck.
Facts paper.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
By the way, Greg was in here for a little while.
He says, yeah.
That's what he said.
Chris, he always says that.
20 till noon at 5.60 WQM.
We got that big Marlins game coming up baby,
12.30 to pre-game show speaking of the Crow.
I think the Crow in the morning show
would be a big improvement, not that you mentioned, you know?
5.6.7.
Oh, 8.5.60.
See, I get a little chuckle out of that.
I get more laughs out of just that little drop in there
that I do out of that whole Mojo show.
Hell yeah, homie.
Yeah, call me homie.
Call me homo.
I mean...
I got your Crow bondage right here, home boy.
Oh, yeah.
Let's play a bunch of Crow stuff.
I liked that one.
Yeah, for like till the ball game.
Is it kind of a warm up to the pre-game show?
The pre-pre-game show?
The four-play show?
How's that pull coming?
You don't want to know?
I mean, there's just too many numbers.
We don't have time.
20 till noon at 5.60.
See what a good mood I'm in here with George isn't here?
Oh, I feel so much better.
I mean...
What?
You can say it.
No, we just...
I don't know.
He's...
I'm not that I don't appreciate all the things he does.
I can't think of any at the moment.
But it's just that there's something about him.
I'm trying to figure out in my mind what it is.
Because he's such a hard-ass.
Because he's gotten to the point where he's got a big ego now.
Writhing skin talks too much, interrupts me incessantly.
And just...
What other than that?
Plus, I mean, just cannot get laid to save his life.
And it's just...
Every time he does this show, he takes over the whole guy damn thing
to try to get himself laid.
Or at least just a sniff, you know?
What do you really think?
He's okay.
19 till known at 560 WQM, there are few things worse than going off
for refreshing swim in your beautiful pool in the yard.
And then you look into pool and you realize it's a nightmare.
It's stained, it's dirty.
Maybe you've got a big crack in it and you're pooled too.
Don't look at that mess anymore.
Just say no mo, ugly pool and call our good friends at Atlantic Marseille.
And let me say it again.
These guys aren't just a couple of guys who have a pickup truck
and run a so-called pool service out of the back with a fishnet.
They're a real construction company.
They're going to use full-time employees, not subcontractors.
Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation
at the pool business, Diamond Bright.
Atlantic Marseille has been pouring it on for 12 years.
They're licensed, they're insured professionals.
They even train other companies internationally how to do diamond brighting right.
And the good news for you is they'll give you the same price they give to the contractors
so all the way around they are unbeatable.
They serve North Miami, Browden, Palm Beach County, so-called Atlantic Marseille.
They're the biggest installers of Diamond Bright anywhere in town.
They'll come right to you and give you a free estimate.
They also perform pool and decorations, custom lighting, pool heating,
exotic water features too.
For the best in the universe called Atlantic Marseille Tool-free,
1-800-558-883.
That's 1-800-558-883.
Diamond Bright do it right because Diamond Bright is a pool's best friend.
And look all this is 4-20-560.
Way to A.
Oh God, Neil.
Start for the slowest start, slippery fingers.
That was good.
That's everything.
Sorry.
What a kiss.
Need to hold this.
Now.
The lieutenant told his Marines.
You have to let those missiles drop.
With a heavy artillery.
We've got to shoot and never stop.
We'll have it all the big attack.
Shall we round the back that veil?
And when Apache started taking aim.
We had them running for the hills.
Do your rackies know what I get?
Shocking off, off, off.
Shocking off, off.
Shocking off, off.
By order of the President.
We move our troops along the ground.
And generate explosions.
To confuse and to confound.
The other side tactics.
To stop us with our human shields.
Thought our mission would be finished yet.
Until we steal the royal face.
Do your rackies know what I get?
Shocking off, off.
Shocking off, off.
Do your rackies know what I get?
Shocking off, off.
Shocking off, off.
I'm 46 and 56, DWQM.
Happy Monday to you.
I just put a big smile on your purse.
Cheryl Seale's got a great calm.
Somebody just faxed to me.
Look at that.
Against the tide.
Marching on Babylon.
Bush's religious fanatics.
I might have to just read this.
You think I'll read a bedtime story?
I just might do it.
It's great.
Then we'll put it on the website.
She's a little, maybe sometimes over the top.
But actually she's like I said, great.
She is great.
Anyway, I'll tell you who's not great.
Great code text you and any of you.
At least you're consistent.
You were more on an arrow.
The arrow just got the worst crap.
If I had a bird which I don't.
Oh my God, by the way, it's putting together a real heavy package
for our hot couples contest.
You got to put together.
He's working on it.
He's including a trip to the Bahamas with Doreen.
He just bit his tongue so hard.
He's like, look at that.
Squirt, squirt, squirt, squirt it all over the room.
I've been waiting for that for a long time.
Patients, it's a tall order and a Greg code text about, you know,
this is such a cocky.
How much more patient are they supposed to be, Greg?
And then he goes on and say it was fan appreciation day,
meaning yesterday at the Macarena, oops, I mean fan.
Oh, an Iolation Day said.
The Sunrise Arena was sold out.
They said despite it being half filled.
It was not half filled.
I was there.
The place was packed.
Who those people who I have no idea,
would they pay for the tickets?
I mean, why do you have to lie?
Why do you have to make stuff up, Greg?
It's been a dismal year for the Panthers.
They suck.
Okay, the whole thing has gone to hell on a hand basket.
They've gutted the team.
They have no veterans on there except a few stiffs
who are retiring now, thank God.
But that's it.
But it was half empty, wrong.
Wrong, Greg.
Greg code text, man, at the Miami Herald,
there's only one thing you can say about him to be actually on it,
to be honest with it.
How did that come out in our pool?
He's an asshole.
That's right.
Major, major oozing, piece of dirt, Greg code text.
Anybody who was there with me yesterday, the place was packed.
Champagne, that doesn't mean it was entertaining.
And of course, once they fill it off your fifth goal,
and a lot of us flew out of there.
Just flew out of that place like we were blown up,
I got in bazooka.
Right, like they were throwing, like we found a cluster bomb
under the seat.
Oops, sorry, time to leave.
Anyway.
Well, there's a lot of stuff coming down this fax machine.
Muff this brought me in a piece of coffee, the same piece of crap
that Todd Dreck brought in before here.
Hey Todd, write a real piece of coffee, okay?
Instead of going back to the old file and recycling the same
turret over and over again, you idiot.
Oh yeah, it's got a couple of different numbers in here, I forgot.
Oh, go on, when you see him in a hall, step on him for me.
Will you please?
I'll take good aim, but just step on him.
Todd Dreck.
Oh, you shoes are going to do anything to this.
But that's right, I don't blame you.
I'm sure we wouldn't do it barefoot.
God, we know it's where you catch from that thing.
Anyway, it's 11 till noon at QM.
Here's Cheryl Seal writes.
You're going to be very depressed when you hear this.
Don't let him bug you, okay?
Because this is very important.
Don't let him come in here.
He's probably to probably speak in Spanish to be on my back.
Okay?
Yeah, yeah, right.
K is exactly right.
Just this one time, K.
I'll let you ask me about my business.
Well, let's play some gunfather drops.
Okay, I don't know why I got such a wild bug in my ass.
I guess I just realized Georgian here.
What a big, you bloody brains all over your nice, cyberleaks suit.
Right.
Cheryl Seal.
Now, where is this from?
Which thing is this from?
Oh, the news inside of it.
That's a good...
You know, I don't know why more people don't read that website.
Have you ever seen the polls they take in a hundred votes?
Right.
I don't get that either.
It's a great website.
But anyway, she says Bush's obsession with attacking Iraq has been attributed to oil to family
vendetta due to his father's confrontation with Saddam and with overzealous terrorist fighting
efforts.
However, what really lies beneath this obsession is a religious delusion, one shared a last
by many of his government appointees, including John Ashcroff, they developed Pentecostal.
Bush, like Ashcroff, believes and is in fact trying to ensure that the world is in the end
times called for by the biblical book of Revelation, at least is interpreted by the Doom
Sares, who are generally barely functional, clinically classical, paranoid, schizophrenics,
Pair Robertson being a prime example.
Billy Graham Bush is much touted mentor, believes Armageddon is at hand, and has helped
the fuel Bush's Messianic complex as the blessed leader of the righteous in the end times.
You can see that Messianic complex so clearly in Bush's often and appropriately rapturous
expression and grandiose body language.
In this fantasy scenario, following a mighty battle in the region, the faithful have pinpointed
as Iraq, about 144,000 good Christians will be sucked up into heaven while the rest are
left to fry in a horrific conflagration.
The support Bush has shown Israel is because of his pro-Jewish sentiments, it's because
the end times prescription calls for Jews to be in complete control of all of Israel
at the time of the big event.
But according to the fanatics nasty little scenario, the joke will be on the Jews will
be left to burn with everybody else, aside from a few last minute converts to Christianity.
Shirol, a painfully aware of Bush's obsession is taking full advantage of it, he just
asked for when his expected to be granted up to ten billion dollars more to help secure
Israel and buy warplanes to help secure Babylon.
In the fanatics scenario, Iraq plays a special central role as Babylon, embodying the false
religion and the empire of the Antichrist in the end times.
Here is a blurb for a book plugged by the Bible prophecy in the Rapture Report to two
Babylon's authored by the late Reverend Alexander Hislop.
An excellent source of information regarding the beliefs and rituals of the ancient Babylonian
cult that will dominate the empire of the Antichrist just as it dominated the major world
empires in the Roman Catholic Church.
The Roman Catholic Church, by the way, is targeted for the wrath and vilification of the
righteous rapture as to condemn it as a false religion. I doubt if it's any coincidence that since
Bush has been in office, the media has aggressively and relentlessly gone after the Catholic Church,
fanning the pedophile priesthoods into a modern witch hunt, not enough, while failing to investigate
or expose similar allegations, chronically being made by members of other denominations
where such abuse may be just as rampant or even worse. Bush's mentor, Billy Graham, as he grew
an international fame, became very adept at appearing far more non-fanatical than he truly is
in order to draw bigger audience and a bigger bank account. Yet, Graham attended Bob Jones University
and for some time is on record making antisemitic comments in phone conversations with Richard Nixon.
In a 1948 declared, the three gravest menaces faced by Orthodox Christianity are communism,
Roman Catholicism, and Muhammadinism. In reality, Graham is still very much of a fanatic promoting
the end-time zealously. Here's a quote from his website. The Bible plainly forecast the coming
of yet another great war. It will be a war to eclipse anything the world has ever seen. It will
embrace most of the nations of the world and its focal point will be the Middle East,
where the armies of the world will someday deploy themselves, set a reggae in a mag-meg-megado,
whatever the halal it is. The great war has been called the Battle of Armageddon. In the midst of
this tear, see if George was here, he'd know. Megito, that's what we're getting close from. It's not
esponial. In the midst of this terrifying war that could destroy civilization, the Lord Jesus Christ,
oh I'm sorry I wasn't ready for that, like I said. In the middle of this, the Lord, come on,
Moe, I don't have all day here, the Lord Jesus Christ will return to his earth and glory and power to
the generations of the world and set up his own religious kingdom. The scripture describes this
great battle in the 16th chapter of the book of Revelation. The sixth angel will proud his
vile upon the great Euphrates. Squirt, squirt, sounds vile to me. We're told that the waters of the
Euphrates River will be dried up, that the way of the kings in the East might be prepared. The
battle, unclean spirits demons will go out into the world to the kings of the earth to gather them
into the battle of that great they've got Almighty. Oh, this passage is terrifying because if you use
this scenario as Bush's real context for the Iraq War, it fits so well. It explains a total
refusal, listen to any sort of reason, to the pleas of traditional allies, to the protest of
millions. Who cares if millions protest if you're fighting evil, doers led by the Antichrist
and the Antimes in or anyway? Billy Graham has been described by followers and possibly by himself as
the second coming of John the Baptist. If so, then Bush God help us all is being seen by
fanatics as the second coming of Christ, who is now in the process of setting up his own
glorious kingdom. Jesus Christ, that I've heard of water from the Euphrates River that runs across
southern Iraq, seems to play a big role in this prophecy. Don't be surprised to hear the Pentagon
issuing a demand to diverted pump water out of the Euphrates. If this happens, it will certainly be
an ominous signal the loonies are advancing their cause. It's not stretching too far to wonder if a
person who has been in the process of setting up his own kingdom. He was the one who wanted
the glory he assumed was imminent to be witnessed and recorded his triumphal entry into Babylon.
Hitler, it should be recalled, always had the press on hand to record his triumphal entries into
France, Poland, etc. It's telling that Bush has granted some of the coveted embedded reporter
spots to alter right-wing Christian outfits, including Pat Robertson's Christian broadcasting network.
Robertson is one of the most delusional rapturous around. I'm sure he wanted to make CBN
was in on the glorious unfolding of biblical prophecy because the mainstream media on
question-ly supporting Bush, they're released by default supporting his insane fundamentalist
motivations. Check out this religious fanatic site. You'll see that they proudly list their
selected network information, CNN, FoxNMSNBC. You'll also notice to the right of the page,
Iraq and biblical prophecy, as in Armageddon and the Rapture, is the subject of the popular
fund literature. What is the website? Is it the CBN website probably? Oh, could be. It seems
totally unreal that our nation and the rest of the world are being dragged through hell and hopefully
back again by a band of religious fanatics who've insisted through sheer force and relentless
intimidation that the world's stage be yielded to them so they can play out their fantasies
and everybody else's expense. In any case, as the Iraqi conflict unfolds, we non-delusional folks
see thousands of young tired, scared and hungry soldiers struggling through the desert.
Bush and his band of fanatics, meanwhile see God's end times army marching to glory pass the
ruins of Babylon. You know what I can say to that? Oi! That's all I can say. Scary.
I'd prefer to think that maybe she's just wrong and maybe it's really more about money.
I hope that's right. Let's hope that all that stuff about money and about big business
and their webinar hands together with Glee and Haliburton and all that other stuff. Let's hope
that that's true because it sure beats the alternative. Four minutes till noon at 560,
Jesus Christ, WQIN.
We'll come back to the superfluous Colonel linguists of the Mohameda David Hoshoden,
where we got the three qualas on power rotation for your perusials.
Hey Mo! What? This better not be about Hoki.
We got special guests today. No one's allowed in here unless they bring food for their king.
Too late. Sack already booked them. How are you? What the hell at ease, my Zermutus?
That's the rich inside. You know, drive home with us today.
I'm sorry. I never heard of you bummed.
Well, I wonder why. What do you do? You got an act? Yeah.
Oh yeah. Exactly. Like what? We spin the wheel. Wherever the wheel stops, we grab meat off of it.
We slam it. You name it. What's funny about that? Well, you got a point there.
Why can't you just ask me a question? You ready to put your head in the toilet bowl?
You got sweaty hair. Well, I got noose for you, pal. You both stink.
I'm a precipice. I'm getting fired at it right now.
What a bummer. Get out of my place of business. No.
That alright, it's up. I'll give you one more chance to show me what you got.
Hope this isn't really funny because I got a really full bladder.
Alright, these are things that probably adults would know.
They're like old sayings and I want you to fill in the blank.
You know how to do that? Yeah.
Here we go. The bigger they are, the harder they get.
What do you get? Did I get clearance clearance to give you clearance to laugh?
How dare you laugh at the right?
I don't even care anymore.
Hey, give me hold my green pickets.
Okay. What are you looking at?
Freckle face family.
And you guys got a condo.
That's condom, Moe.
What of?
Yeah, I do. I mean, I don't suds does.
Fine. And I might as well one years.
I didn't do today.
Okay. Now you have to say spin your meat, Rick and Sud.
Yeah. Spin your meat, Rick and let's do it.
Oh.
Oh, gunning.
Oh, what's the matter?
I was shooting first.
Oh, see, I told you it's not my day.
I'm so nervous.
What, Jake, funny, okay.
It's not right in Bereskin.
Poisonous.
Clean it.
202560, WdQM boy.
We've got a sure and a half hour here for a better rush.
And I lost a disc man when I was reading that story about Jesus. That's what you get. Yeah, holy crap
I think the anti-Christ must be around somewhere in fact I think it was in here a little while ago
I know we got him that disc
You know something if I can't find that we can't continue with the show
Do you believe that yeah, excuse anyway? Let's go
Oh, sure, so that's one ahead the Ileon I was gonna even use that today, and I just disappeared advanced in the middle of thin air bokeh brine
Sure it's not in the player, right
It's in the player
Wait, but you see I but it's in the player, but it's not on any number you see what I'm saying how can I?
right, uh-oh
Well, let's see if it's gonna work maybe we have another function of the junction malfunction
Let's see if it plays
All right, there you go 20 was in the player I
Know if we're looking there in a million years because it's just it's just had the two dots here like the thing was empty
You know that's why when you're looking for something that it's looking at least likely place like maybe in somebody's
Which of these describes you we asked on the Orogyes dot-kim look at that number 555. Oh, oh
You see this is tying together
I wish another half-hour if that first number is six we're in deep crap good thing the Marling games on
liberal against the war 173 independent against the war 113
Oh, sirs
conservative and support the war 79
Independent support the war 58 are you right knees down take 100 and well do it you're an idiot
174 114 is 288 in
Support independent support the we're not on the C&K. I can't do it against
355 out of 557 against the war got it in
Support 79 conservatives 58
Independence that's 137 and
Liberals 32 169 right see there it is again. You're making that up. No, I'm not
So 305 to 169
Undecided 20 independence
17 liberals and two conservatives so that's like 39 and then we got a bunch of 43 people don't give a shmit about any of it
They don't care about politics about the word. They just want to live their lives
They want to go out and get laid that's what they want. They want some good weed go out and get laid and that's it
That's what muffs said
Now what did I just do with that other very important story that oh, and anyway never got to although it's from Friday
But we never talked about it on the year. This is a great story. It's beginning to religious nuts
Army Chaplain offers baptism and bats what do you want one or not?
Camp Bushmaster Iraq this was in the herald in
This dry desert world near Nijaf or army of E. Corp. Combat support systems sprawls across miles of scabras dust
Or don't you like that phrase?
Scabras dust there's an oasis of sorts a 500 gallon pool of pristine cool water
It belongs to army Chaplain Josh Iano of Houston who seized the water shortage
Which has kept thousands of filthy soldiers from bathing for weeks as an opportunity?
It's simple. They want water. I have it as long as they agree to get baptized
He said and agree they do
Everyday soldiers take the plunge for the Lord and come up clean for the first time in weeks
They do appear physically and spiritually cleansed Iano said
So in other words every time they want to take a bath every time they want to like clean up a little bit
They got to go in there and do a thing for for Jesus Christ
First though the soldiers have to go to one of Iano's hour and a half sermons in his dirt floor tent
Then the baptism takes an hour of quoting from the Bible. Oh
Regardless of their motives Iano said I get the chance to take them closer to the Lord Jesus Christ a blue eye 32 year over
The abundance of energy Iano goes out every day to draw up grimy soldiers for his pool who needs a bath that bad
well
Maybe he wants to give them a bath real bad
It's the army Chaplain you know he talks to truck drivers. Uh-huh tank drivers computer specialists
Anyone and everyone he goes out to the combat zone of the fighting soldiers and the combat support soldiers who keep them in supplies
You have to be aggressive to help people find themselves in God. He says Jesus Christ
He calls himself a Southern Baptist Evangelist and justifies the war in killing with a verse from the gospel of Matthew
Which he often recites give on to Caesar the things that are Caesars and unto God the things that are gods
This means we are called upon by our government to fight and that is giving unto Caesar is the Bible tells us what
You follow that? No, that that verse meant taxes, but now
Are you are you interfering again? Sorry?
Earlier this week word went out to the portable showers might be installed here soon
But Iana was undaunted there is no fruit out here
And I have a stash of raisins use boxes and fruit rolls to pull out he said so when and now he's gonna pull out his fruit and
Ten if he's got water bribe away. Yeah, that's right if the water don't do it then the fruit will
I bet you there's a little bit of food out there in the desert catch my drift
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Marlins in the braves 12 30 pre-game and we're pretty pumped up and fired up about that
Then we do Q a M
5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
W Q a M now see that was just that was one of those things
So that's the end of our calls on screenless here
You want to know why because all morning long I've been bitching about that damn braves in Marling game. I've been promoting it
We're doing screenless. There's not a single call on the board on screenless. That's impossible
After all this heavy duty crap
See they just race away. They don't want to be you know, it's like SARS
They want to cleanse themselves talking about taking a bath
They want to like scrub would soap and under the so they get away from that Marlin baseball game
Especially that Dave and boring. Oh, oh he is so unbelievable. You know where he ought to go up up and away
With the fifth dimension or maybe into the fifth dimension. He's turmeric
WQ I am
Hi, yes, is this the show yes ma'am hi. Yeah, I wanted to ask something added to the poll today
Okay
Go ahead
People who are against the war but in support of our troops
Well, that's everybody. I mean everybody's against it. We all support the troops
Now what it is I don't know why you're laughing everybody supports the troops whether you're for the war against our hope
Well, I hope so too, but I don't know
With how people sign up on the
She especially people are saying there I get the four the war they really need to be against the war
But for the troops there is a difference and I'm not sure if they're making it
I see what you're saying. You didn't know you didn't express it right the first time for the troops
But against the war okay, well, that's a good one. Okay, thanks. Thank you
Okay, do we need to put that on there? No, no because I think it's redundant. I do understand what you saying
We don't need to put that on there be a lot of work for Eric and Eric is against a lot of work
No, no, don't do it Eric don't put it on there. I'm just a joke. Don't get up tired
Oh my god, he almost took the next goddamn chicken burrito
From the director of girls gone wild. She is the wild wild action. It's Amish gone wild
Joshua you may observe my ankles. Oh, you are crazy girl
Under my dress. I am wearing leather hoses. Hope you go and vile or wild wild
Wild Amish gone wild
Check out my wrap you have a beautiful rack. May I touch it? Have you ever seen a nice spice rack?
I'm wild over here
1214 thank goodness thank the lord that I
You got to look at a machine to find that disc
Now it doesn't that drive you nuts when you like have a CD like that and you know that it's around somewhere
And you say they couldn't have disappeared the dog to need it
And you know it depends length and you can't find it arm blank. Sorry
Linda says what publication was the article by Bill or Riley publishing
I think he said was in a herald on Saturday, but I think if you go to the Fox website do so very carefully by the way
Uh, and the pillow Riley thing on a Fox website. He's got all of his recent columns
P.S. I wish you remove the countdown till you retire from your website. No, it is so depressing
I thought it was kind of uplifting but it's depressing that it's so long
Please don't ever retire any elicity needs you. Thanks again for great show helping you inform the public with the truth
Please don't ever retire is what linda well, Linda. I hate to break the news here, but I think this is it today
Carlos is going to be doing the show tomorrow with Miguel
And that's fun. You'll why do you know the ethnic wave of the future
In South Florida, no speaking English speaking of honey. I'm picking up honey W.D. Q. I.M
Hello, yes, sir. I'm trying to reach the new Roger. You're speaking to him, sir
Let me say it again. Don't wait for the later catch up. We'll be here the next episode. Okay
Go on. Neil. Yes, sir. How how are you doing? I'm doing okay. How are you doing good? Thank you
I wanted to call in defense of the
The military oh no explosion over bad dad information from well, it's not I'm sorry. Go ahead
I'm sorry. Go ahead
I'm in defense of because because I mean hide those people in those houses
There's a reason why they have to go in there like that
And and and I looked at that and I thought yeah, yeah, it was it was sad because
Sure, give you think wait wait wait wait
What do you think that once those people came outside there was necessary the the wife and the little children that
It was necessary for them to sit there on the ground with their hands behind their back aiming their rifles at them
And with the people trembling like they were about to lose their lives, which I'm sure they believe they did thought
Is that is that is that that's the way they run this this war and
They who who's they sir there are five million people in Baghdad are we gonna go house to house and terrorize every family?
Is that the idea?
Maybe that's maybe that's the only way we can know something that's one more reason we shouldn't have been there in the first place
Okay, there's a great reason why we shouldn't have been there in a first place
Wars of liberation now are not supposed to be wars of terrorism. I thought we were supposed to be against terrorism
I'm sorry unless we're the ones that are doing it unless we're doing the terrorizing
Which was at that shock and all was supposed to be all about in the first place. We're gonna terrorize them
And of course you you can't you can't do it surgically
You can't just terrorize the military and like all the population all the poor sluppers
Or whatever you just want to live their lives and be left alone and they're like hey, this is great. You know, they're not work that way
How would you like to be one of those five million people living in Baghdad with the light school out
Intermittently with all the with among in the air that's just got to be unbelievable more explosions over Baghdad
By the way right now as we speak so we are looking either at the special Republican guards inside the fennel inside the city because the
Standard Republican guards are outside in the suburbs. Well the real Republican guard. Please stand up if you can
How'd you like to be one of those people with the endless bombing night after night after now
We keep reading in history books about the poor people in England
Who had to survive the relentless bombing by the Nazis night after night after night and yet those were our allies
The good guys weren't doing a bombing in those days. These supposed good guys
The non-evil doers
Anyway, Mark fax was and says I heard your apology
I didn't make a full apology. I said I'm thinking about a mark about that 9-11 thing
He says personally. I consider it unlikely although not impossible that the Bush administration participated in perpetrating 9-11
Although it certainly is present for the West government considering such tactics in the past and of course he goes on about the audio audio
Operation North Woods. I saw that
However, I think it's quite possible the Bush administration even more so Israeli intelligence
New something big was coming and we're content to have it happen to advance a gent is both foreign and domestic
That would have been impossible without such a provocation and then goes on about Roosevelt and Pearl Harbor
Which is about everybody knows that okay, Mark
I'm still evaluating okay. I hope I'm wrong. I don't want to be that cynical
I hope I'm wrong on both counts
But it's sure there are so many things going on
Especially the fact that for a year and a half now despite the fact that we're being having the the crap scared out of us with
Orange lords and missile or never nothing has happened
nothing
There hasn't been one teeny tiny active terrorism since 9-11 in this country
There hasn't been a suicide bombing
There hasn't been anything
Right we got we got Cuban people coming up hijack and planes in both every day course. That's old stuff, you know
That's because we've got that
Homeland security pumping
Right
But there hasn't been one single active terrorism in last year and a half
No matter how much oh I guess who I saw in PBS yesterday with the McLaughlin there with John McLaughlin
Father McLaughlin. I'm sorry
Tommy Thompson the old cheesehead
Yeah, he was talking about SARS and about this and about that and he won't run for senate in Wisconsin
And the McLaughlin was egging him on about he's got a knockoff or a spine gold and I don't think so
I don't forget he drank water out of a creek. He was an author. Is he guy?
Yeah, when he goes on and says don't get too worried about SARS right away. I crawl into the bed
Whatever time if Tommy Thompson says jump I'd delay down real fast
I'd flop down on crawl in the bed
What an idiot
I'll tell you boy. This guy is sure surrounded it with a bunch of people that give me tremendous confidence
Tommy Thompson Tom Ridge got the personality of a dead man even my little dogs got more personality
He's been dead for a couple of months
Tom Ridge is he inspirational or what and then he's making jokes about the duct tape and a viscule
After everybody like laughed them off the goddamn stage
Making jokes about it. Well, I'll keep saving for next time
Save it for next time
God almighty these are the people who are leading us these are our leaders
And you wonder why we got how many percent on here?
7.7 percent don't give a shmit about any of this who can blame them. Maybe they're the smart ones
They're just out there having a good time like Miguel. They're just out there trying to get laid two three times an hour
Doreen says how about three and he said uh-uh
Oh wow
He said it'll be a cold cold day in hell when that happens
It's to be like a goddamn ice storm at the Arctic Circle when that happens
21 past no but she hates Mo
21 past no in a qum are we working on that thing and we're getting that thing going
Is that something else some other scam you guys have one is he
That's something else from treasure island scam. Oh treasure. Don't forget treasure island. This is going on this week without George
This is a first isn't it
I think the first for me first time. Oh right
See it goes to show you guys can go out there get a little action without little George in fact
I probably would be better off he won't be he won't be jumping in the way, you know sticking his little head in there so to speak
So you and the girl and who else bokeh brine I bet you'll show up
Probably bokeh brine probably fat boy will be there
He's gonna be doing it. I'm some amazing things with that new cane. He's got
21 past no in at five sixty WQM. There's something really and you know
Skippy said he was gonna give me some more my blood pressure only a med while I was here did he get it for me?
Skippy, you know, you talk a good game. You're another loser in our sales department
Too much comedy with that screw-and bitch and by the way, she's still
Passed out stone cold drunk on the floor back there five. How what was that game?
Was we could go today wasn't it a whole week? They've been trying to revive that bitch can't do it
Anyway, if you want to revive your health here's a great product for you olio med the stuff really works
Olio med soft gels are easy to pop in your mouth
They contain pharmaceutical grade olive oil the best not just ordinary pedestrian olive oil
But to finance the purist that is super concentrated and loaded with health benefits for you
Olio med every day can up produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol plus there are 14 different
Olio med formulas to choose from each one containing pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins, minerals and herbals to support specific needs from bones to blood pressure to your immune system
Just pick out the formulas that are right for you and now there are three new olio med formulas one to help you sleep
One to help you control your weight and sell Q10 for your heart
Olio med is becoming more and more popular every day
So more and more stores be caring it you can pick it up at publics
Accords wall greens whole food markets Navarro's in Sedano's get where that's gippy or order it online if you like
Olio med america dot com if you want more information about the olio med products and what they can do for you call toll free
One eight six six allio med that's one eight six six six five three sixty six thirty three pick up some olio med today and start popping it in your
Plus for better health
We're sports radio five sixty
UAM
My god
Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
We take a good hard stiff look into startup
He poured his heart out in song telling a woman that he didn't miss her even though he really did
Unfortunately the woman just didn't get it. He was John way
Looking back, I guess I should have just told her the truth
But I'm a songwriter dammit. I have drawn to irony
John wait was trying to make a statement by telling his then wife that he wasn't missing her
Hoping she would pick up on the ironic subtext. Sorry, but I'm a face value kinds of gout John waits long lost love
Judy zero irony. What was I supposed to think? I told him to go fucking self. How could she miss it? It was so damned obvious
I ain't missing you said you've been gone. Oh wait. I mean it's right there. It's really saying I miss you by saying that I don't miss you
I mean you get it right. Yes. Yes, Mr. Wait. I get it. Hold still now. It's time for your shot
And it's odd it's poetry. I was just opposed in my true feelings against the denial of those feelings
Yes, as I see this will make it all better Mr. Wait John wait lives a quiet life in a private facility
The location of which we are not at liberty to divulge
However, we can say that when in London make sure to visit lovely Trafalgar Square
Oh, yes, that's nice
I feel better now
Can I go back to the bright blue room now?
John wait
He ain't doing bad at all
Get it that means he really is doing bad
It's a big
It's just stopping with look at show business tonight on inside the mind
26 past noon Marlon's any of raves coming up only momentarily supreme court up holds law banning cross burning
A divided supreme court upheld a state ban on cross burning and ruling Monday that the history of racial intimidation
The symbol outweighs the free speech protection of Ku Klux Klansman or others
Of burning crosses an instrument of terror and government should have the power to stamp out or punish its use
Just as Sanrid don't call me Carol O'Connor Road
How do you like that? Yes, she ain't no Carol O'Connor here until that that bitch
Okay, here's the fact that says now that it appears imminent the USA's conquest of Iraq will soon be completed
I have an idea for a pool and keeping with the true American entrepreneurial spirit to bring Iraq's populace
Into the 21st century let's decide what American franchise or business should be the first established in Iraq
McDonald's booger king Cleveland clinic. Oh my god. Neil Rogers show the mohauer David had show treasure island
And the list goes on
How do you like that? Well
oh
Go to love it on these days when we got the ball game
Everybody tunes and they don't go right in a way because they notice you be ill and it's coming up at the end of the year second
So second way to say that great marlins and braves game baby final score marlins
172 braves 169
So you did it again
Don't forget Hank from a show is right after Marlins baseball and you got here a cool hotline in chulas at seven or landwals
They're gonna be big at chulas 8 to 10 and he came from G.A. Who had a sterling show from Gulfstream
Out of Friday what I was entertaining and then now join Mark overnight
Oh
Hey Randy mohler just when we thought you couldn't get any more ridiculous
You
Oh
That
you
