And it's ball game three and four and it's time to open up my ass via Neal of course
Because I'm not allowed to anymore. Neal is there any chance you could help me with my balls
I've decided we're gonna fight us on the crossover every day because you can't do it in your time for a part of my show
I
Don't mind. It's all me. He just made my day. It's on my time. I'm going out there today to see this
How about that grope in Anthony huh? Oh, that is great
$357,000 fine the only problem is infinity and Viacom it's like pocket change
Yeah, but I you know what they should do is make both of those almost bad
Yeah, you know something interesting about this story which I'm sure you probably knew because you were working here
But the guy from the couple that was having a sex in the church. Yeah Brian Florence. He died
I know he dropped dead of a heart attack. So that's what happens when you have sex in front of God really? Yeah, he was 38 years old
It's it just matter of fact. We just he died as home in Alexandria Virginia
Maybe he was taken seven and pills that rush was Bob. He took very hey. We had a massive heart attack. Yeah, that's it
He dropped it 38. I have no idea. I mean did anybody know when they're gonna have a massive heart attack?
The Lord was punishing him. You're right. It's clear that if you if you if you
Great St. Patrick's Cathedral by doing your wife in her backyard there he goes again
Deplicating in St. Patrick's Cathedral
There he goes again. You're in that if you do that. I mean you know something bad's gonna happen to you within
Deplicating St. Patrick's Cathedral nobody would know the difference because it's full of crap anyway. So what difference would I make?
I'm gonna do that. You got that right. So anyway Arnold's a Nazi. We got that big story today. You saw that one right?
Yeah, oh no, I didn't know he's a Nazi now. Yeah, the book proposal says that he admired Hitler and he liked his
Mustache and way he danced or whatever and and you got rushed poppin all the pills. I got the inquire here
I know about his that pill sir, but how much how much
Credit credence whatever to put in some housekeeper trying to make money I
Don't buy any of her crap. She was wearing a wire and I don't believe any story that that rag puts out
First of all, let me just you don't believe the inquire
Man you better get with it. Oh, all right inquire sure is how beats the hero in the Sun sent a hero to you that
Right it beats it for taking a dump come to find out you know what the song one of the side effects of these addictive
Pain-killing drugs is what deathness. Oh, yeah
That's why you guys did it. Yeah, he went to his cochlear implant. Yeah, he was in detox that week and he didn't even got up
My ass. Yeah, so you don't believe any of it. I don't believe that um
Oh, I believe he's a I believe he's a prick and I believe that he's
Miss used a pain drug linked the hearing loss and even deathness. Oh come on oxies don't make it death
What they make you stupid George? What what I think he's an oxymor I'd like to guys to guess today
That was a good call I love those things that hey listen
Hey, this is my favorite play my favorite sound, but this is what I do every time I pop an oxy here you go
They call them little boy blue. Yeah, yeah, that's what they call oxies little boy blue. I love this
If he was taken
Even you crap, which is why we're taking our yesterday on you today yesterday
Pull number one is about you today great greed handed me yesterday
Manifesto of obscene and indecent material that I'm not allowed to use this picture is a him with screw-in and philous
It was actually pictures of him driving his free DTS
We have a copy that's obscene. Yeah, yeah
What's obscene is how much money to salespeople and all their fancy cars and all their big houses and all their lesbian lovers and gay lovers
They got living with them and they're all living large high up the hog and as you're not doing anything for us
I'll tell you you're doing a pretty crappy job you sales holes up there
Jack for us, but they're all living large. I mean Greg Reed. I see him once a month
Okay, and what I'm supposed to think advice from him
What do you think I'm not there?
So I don't have to see him. Yeah, I think I let public rock
Suicide is on hold judge puts injunction on rock shock
But that would have been great. I'm just still gonna do it
I hope they do because I love watching people commit suicide to hear about the lady on the bridge in Fort Lauderdale
No, some lady last night at eight o'clock
She dug the bridge went up and she grabbed on and held on all the way to the top and then let go and died
I love that and made my day you got to give her points for originality anyway
What actually I like the guy in the third car back?
He got a little notebook out and he had a lot of
Fifies in his hand as he started taking bets
Probably any can away to work actually it was Eddie with a polo hat on
Good we get you two Scott clean up your act
Five sixty WQ am presents the O.B. And Anthony show with Moe Howard David this is Opie
And I'm Anthony. Yeah, wait a minute. It's me with the low voice. Oh, yeah, you got the affected boy. Okay
Hi Anthony. Yeah, I hope you and let's not forget our old pal Moe Howard David
Yeah, I was wondering how long we'd take for you to punch the gutter around for me. I really hit the big time
I there. I am with the Opie on Anthony. Hey moe what take off your pants. Yeah, we're gonna rape you now
You gotta be kidding me. This is a family show
Wrong this is the golpe on Anthony show now come on
Strap all your guys only do that in touch
Hey
Get out of there. That's my
Don't touch my delicate
Why does everybody want to rape me like a sweet thing? It's funny. That's why yeah, I got a nice back
I got loose for you, Kelly. I'm still spraying
I got a stance tied Opie
Want the red ball and I'm pretty all right my open wide for chunky. It's you get together now. Shall we?
Okay
Use your lips
Don't sit up I said don't see
You're not the boss of me now
I really saw it. It's a big guy now. Don't I?
Okay
You're just gonna leave me here
We'll be right back
I'm 560
10 away to 560 WQ AM we got a big good doing today the man
Those gonna be doing a show at the gate G out of P. P Park
So come to four what what's doing?
What's doing? Oh, it's the Bruce William show on Q AM ask a lawyer
That's no matter what the question asked the lawyer I know that oh and you know
I'm always really a bad out of shape this morning because of the fact that I took a poll that he had no chance of winning
Right see the poor we took yesterday someone you think is an asshole, but you enjoy their work
So what I'm gonna do the second poll will get to a little later on is one that he's got a real good chance of winning
Which is someone you think is an asshole and you hate their work?
Nice going mo
He can he's got a real shot at that I think don't you sure someone you think is a real asshole
But anyway, we did the one yesterday and I won hands down and I'm very proud of it proud as a peacock
Someone you think is an asshole, but enjoy their work neo-rodgers 235 out of 939
25% right on a money
Think that I'm an asshole, but they can't turn it off. They love this show
They think I'm a genius even though I'm a major asshole, which I say you're right in both cases Michael Jackson 80
Russell Crowe 72 Hank Goldberg 67 a hopper
And pretty well
I think that's a real big fat asshole, but he's a pretty entertaining guy. How it sperm 60
Woody Allen 56 Pete Rose 45 Billy Bob Thornton 44 Bill O'Reilly 43
That was
Scott Jr's choice and if you wonder why Scott Jr. Bill O'Reilly are like real tights
Just take a look at a pasty picture of Scott on our website
By the way the stats look great now Eric thanks for screwing it up
But thanks for unscrewing it you got it all back and we're just kicking ass on there
Eric just leave it alone don't keep sticking around with stuff just leave it alone
You're messing with my emotional and mental state, which is very fragile Charlton has done 34
Moe Howard David had only 32 votes because they may think he's an asshole will find out
But they don't enjoy his work so much Rick Rowley 30. I made Rick out
Dick Clark 29, which is also
Almost Robert Downey Jr 25 Kelsey Grammar 16 George Lucas 14 Bob cost is 13
I don't know why anybody would enjoy his work. He's just a twerp. He is
Objectionably he's unacceptable. You know there are some people who are just I like that in
Regarding the people there just are some people who are unacceptable. You know what I mean?
Absolutely. Yeah, it's just like Greg for example. He's unacceptable
James Cameron 12 Jerry Lewis 11
Hey lady
Chris Carter 9 Richard Dawson 8 and Charles Groden 4 and I the one guy that co-ed and suggested him
I'm I mean whatever you like, you know, but let's get serious actually we got some good news today 20 a lot of good news today
Yeah 29,555 for a band and pet rescue and that's probably because it's now October
It's officially underway through the end of the year
With our best meal merchandise too bad. We don't have some kind of a thing today, you know because we give just another
445 bucks right if my math is right maybe somebody will drive by and drop off a
And we have about 30 man. No serious. Maybe we could get somebody to take the a van out in a corner there
Ives Dairy and them and
441. Yeah
But Charles probably all done service in Dorina's morning. He probably like a head of squirt squirt good time. You think?
I try not to well, he brought in the blindfold you run in the Zorro mask and open chain probably whipped her ass in the shape
Well, what a disgusting thought she really is grotesque, but anyway. Yeah, maybe we can suck somebody into doing that today
I haven't hit the mill yet
Oh, I'm still thinking about McGill no right out there in the corner, you know by chucks
You hear that oh, it's going on. Oh, that's not good. I better take it out pop another allegra. That's not sound good
Oh, I think I'm on a way out then open Anthony's story to be fine
We got the Boston radio host of apologizes for making a monkey comments Courtney loves been arrested on a drug charge again
Arnold Schwarzenegger admired Hitler book proposal says got this facts from yesterday public rock suicide on hold and then of course all of that
Rush stuff. I got the national inquiry in my hand right now got all the good stuff
I can't believe for real doesn't believe this stuff. What is wrong with him? I think he's cracking cracking out of the pressure
So anyway, here's today's first poll speaking of for well because management has given him just holy hell to poor for real and that's bad
He's the great white hope. He's the our our savior. He's like the Jesus Christ of Q. I. M
In fact, and you know what and Greg's try to nail his ass to across isn't that appropriate always turns out great
God
Which of these statements best describes your take on Scott for L?
Which one?
He's great. He's okay. I listen
Finger nails on a blackboard. He's way over the line. He blows. I don't listen or who the hell is Scott for L
I love my polls, man. They're just beautiful seven choices there
And then we'll do the other one a little later on which Moe Moe don't have to feel so bad sweetheart
You got a definite chance to win that one absolutely don't want to put your name on polls if you don't be having a chance
He's just jealous because I won't for being a big asshole, but they love my work. He's really pissed off about that
So we'll see if he can turn it around so to speak back to him 10 13 at 560 WQM
Hey, if you want to turn it around if you got like a big fat ass at a rest of you too, and you'd like to like lose a big part of that
There are a lot of low carbon sugar free diets out there that are working great for people
But wouldn't you shop for all the goodies to keep you on the straight and your old path?
You can get the basics in your supermarket, but other than that, forget about it because most even the finest markets like
Publix, you know, they may have like a half of a shelf that's got a few odds and ends here and atkins this or whatever
But that's it. That's why you love shopping at Delights West Moe
Because your search will be over. They've got over a thousand low carb goodies to keep you on a straight and your old path
And to give you all kinds of variety to help you stay on your low carb diet
They've got bagels and breads believe it or not cheesecakes muffins brownies for all the brownie hounds
And we have many of those in this audience
Chocolate's pasta sauces chips dip soups ketchup's the great world famous carbolite ice cream
Champion light drinks and five delicious flavors wallnut brownies by control carb
So then to light chocolate chip cookies apple cinnamon granola by carb sense and crunchy pretzels by carves sense
Probably endorsed by all president. They don't get on it
Don't forget at Delights West bokeh you can try anything disturbing for you about all the atkins brand products are on sale all day
Every day they're open every day seven days week two from ten to ten and you'll find the lights on the northeast corner of glades and
441 right next to Boston market a wonderful place for all you fat folks out there are column tool free
One eight seven seven low carb. That's with the WLOW
WCAR beer on the web lowcarb.com Delights West bokeh. No doubt about it. It's your official atkins retail center
For 305 city
Oh, don't hate you she gained a claim with her breakout performance in the people versus Larry Flint now
Courtney loved he picks the theater by storm appearing in the classics at the Seattle Reptory Playhouse
See your riveting performance as Lady Mcbeth in a Scottish play is this a mother
Jagger I see before me as blanched to boi in a street car named desire I've always relied on the kindness of strangers
Sugar and of course st. Joan by George Bernard Shaw get that towards away from me mother
Fucking son and bastards. Yes Courtney loved plays the classics this spring at the Seattle Reptory Playhouse. Yeah
Yeah, yeah, get out of my fucking face. What are your tickets today?
Just had a call on a bad line from the Pope you know what he said
That's what he said I knew that was that wasn't bad. Yeah anyway, so our forl pool is up there
Let's yeah, let's give it a shot see what you think
Okay, speaking of Courtney love because I can't stand that bitch Courtney love arrested on drug charge
What do you think of that all right? Oh, she got a shower
Singer actress Courtney love was arrested in LA for allegedly being out of influence of an arctic after police
He spotted a burglary call only one
Love 39 was found early yesterday outside an LA home where she had allegedly broken the windows and attempt to let her police spokesman
Don Cox said
Huh, that's his name. Yeah boy bad timing. She was arrested and booked for investigation of using illegal drugs
Posted $2,500 bail and released hours later police and paramedics and Beverly Hills responded an emergency call and took a woman to a hospital for treatment
According with story and today's editions of the LA Times law enforcement sources told the newspaper that the woman was love
And that she had overdosed it was not immediately no matter condition was she's OD'd
Maybe she got some which she just getting some more pills for rush
I still can't believe Scott doesn't believe that story. That's ludicrous
Messed and he also doesn't believe the inquirer which we on this show have determined over the last seven years is by far in a way
The most credible source of news anywhere in South Florida. They're the bite. They're the Bible
That exactly I'm gonna grab my hand on her right now in the inquirer too. Where's the other one?
Messages left up my ass. Messages left for loves publicist and her attorney were not returned late yesterday
Love is the widow of Nevada frontman Kurt Cobain
Accelerate what you all know. Can we see the golden globe nomination for her role in 1996 movie the people versus Larry Flint?
What do you think of that Larry?
Love was arrested earlier this year in London for allegedly verbally abusing cabin staff on a virgin Atlantic flight from LA and later released
She's got real problems that bitch Courtney love. Oh
She's got big problems speaking of problems
Yeah, the government yesterday proposed the second biggest fine ever for indecency
$357,000
Against infinity broadcasting for radio segment which a couple was said to be having sex in New York's St. Pants Cathedral
Which is why I played the Mohawar David and opian Anthony bit to start
The FCC we spotted an outpouring of complaints following in August
2002 broadcast of the opian ant for knee show over near SW any WFM were
Scott used to work for well at is and 12 other infinity radio stations the nationally located show was cancelled a week later
And DJ's Greg opi Hughes and Anthony Kumio were fired
Four commissioners voted for the fine the fifth said the agency should have gone after infinity's licenses instead. How do you feel like that?
And finities actions were unquestionably willful and egregious commissioner Jonathan Adelstein said
These calisations show a high degree of culpability and deliberate attempt to heighten the shock to listeners
They clearly offended community standards to which I say Bolshman
The fifth commissioner Michael cops descended. He said they should go after the license
Infinity broadcasting and CBS news are both owned by a viacom ink which means the 357 grand fine if they do wind up paying it
Is like 15 sent in your pocket?
It's like pocket change like like pennies from heaven
Infinity has 30 days to pay the fine or appeal
It would be the second largest fine ever for indecency
Trading only the 1.7 million dollar infinity paid a 95 to settle several cases against powered sperm
The commission also proposed finding AMF and radio licenses now part of clear channel radio 50 clear channel
55 grand for two broadcast on WWDC in Washington in which the Elliott Morning program interviewed female students about sexual activities
If they're high school including references to oral sex
Cops again to set it same commission should try to revoke the station's license rather than pose a fine
He's a hard-ass that Michael cops
Yeah, I'll call the tea channel was not immediately returned
Pete Boulder was busy with this head up everybody's ass
Adelstein said he'd propose the changing FCC regulations to make it clear that each program segment found to be indecent will be considered a separate violation
Subject to a 27,000 five hundred dollar fine in current cases the FCC's the oral sex
Cops again to set it same commission should try to revoke the station's license rather than pose a fine
He's a hard-ass that marketing him with a stand-up for rush. What do you say now?
Well a little bit
Based on the fact that he's making fun of black children
He should be gone since a deke camboan directly black community information center in the
Roxbury very dark section to Boston
However met co-board chairwoman
Cari swite McLaughlin said she would not seek his resignation. It was a painful comparison
She said he's brought back all those stereotypical images of Jane and Tarzan
I thought Jane and Tarzan were white
yeah
And the negative things that people used to say about the continent of Africa
But all hoping that out of a bad situation
Something good can emerge the guerrilla brokowicz enclosure with the franken parks who on Sunday
Injuring a two-year-old and teenager before it was sedated and recaptured nearly two hours later
Some felt that Mrs. offense was worse than comments by rush limba on ESPN that led to his resignation late Wednesday limba
But we know what he said
I think it's worse because you're dealing with children democratic state representative surely owns Hicksett
I'm speechless. I'm beside myself. There are still people in this world have such negative racist thoughts and have the
Tamarity to put those thoughts into words in a public opinion. How do you like that? He had the Tamarity
Five and a local
Five cities
All yours
Making my way through the crowd walking fast
Rating gas of that room
Staring blankly ahead is wrongs away
And really
Was it the beef stew or the food
The food planter been in install most of the nights I spray my song
Everyone's little while
I say and counts of thousand tiles like through that rest
God
1031 and 560 WPM shut up already okay, don't step on me again 70 votes on a scott for RELPOL
We're doing this because he needs a little oral support
Because Greg read is coming on glue that it seems and there's one vote on here. He's way over the line
I know who voted that vote
Isn't that something it's one thing when I know who the colors are on a certain line
It's another thing when I know who a vote was cast by on our website. He's an asshole. Yeah, whoever voted that one
He's way over the line. No one said I know who did yeah, anyway, so who was that on the bat line scott a back machine
Thank you for asking oh
Which of these statements best describes your take on scott for RELPOL
Before we did the result of the poll so far here's a fax about for RELP
It says that voices has got to be a put on
Now Ron it sounds so obviously fake now
Ron that's uh what you see is what you get that's how he talks
He sounds like a decent enough radio guy, but come on drop the bullshit tough guy road gravel Harley biker throw cancer routine
And give us the real deal is what it says unsigned
That is the real deal what you hear is what you get he's exactly the same not only is the voice sound the same off the ear
But the hyper or a psychotic
Luna that's him. It's a visual. There's no act involved there. That's it. He just opens a mic and that's him what you hear is what you get
Anyway, dear. I yesterday at the end of the show fax this and it's too good to just pass over
Even though that's a wrong holiday
Neil God it says there is a god. He works in mysterious ways, but he is there believe me when I say I pray that rush would be
De-throwed my prayers have been answered well almost
Ha ha ha I get it after all that bastard is made more money than anyone with his prejudice
View should have ever made now we know he's lost all of his lard ass by doing narcotics
Having worked and of course the death thing now too
Let's see it for rather than also didn't believe that I got the story right here. It's a big
Son of a dance and it is really even related to him
It's just about how a lot of these prescription painkillers are caused hearing loss and deafness etc
Overuse of them using a lot of anyway, Gerald goes on to say
Having worked in a drug center drugs definitely substitute for food since I'm overweight
Maybe I need to call rushes housekeeper for some good crap now
Can you believe a drug addict slept in Lincoln bedroom in a white house? Oh my oh my god
It says my prayers continue that somehow this evil door will lose every damn dime. He ever made off bill and Hillary a man says
They're like on dear wet on sweetheart now
There's just so much heavy duty crap. We probably should get the retargett and whoever else those two calls
Here's Miami. Hello
Miami
You see what the calls end of the show I'm a major rule. We've got just dozens of important hello
Miami
Up your ass here's pompano hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Did you hear what the steep cane is bread in the room?
About what you take he says that you got age yeah, and not like that
He says that you're off your ass you old far. We don't talk to old cockers. Okay, stop
Just tragic
Anyway, Jimmy in Bokafas. He says is recovering addict like in steer clear
I'll clear up some of the things that are happening in the rush drug sting and then it says insert the a dragnet music
As an addict with money he probably did not do thousands of pills a month but brought large quantities all at once that could last to maybe four to five months about 30
It says this way he minimizes the chance of getting caught also doesn't have the problem that most addicts have of running out
I do feel sorry for rush personally as a lifetime a recovery head of net is if he decides to many's got a problem
Well, you notice he didn't admit anything about having a problem his statements on his website
And also that speech yesterday at the NAV all he keeps saying is I'm unaware of any investigation about me
And lots of lots of lots of and I am having been notified and that city doesn't deny he doesn't even have a even didn't even address it you got on TV
Yes, okay, why you might want to pop it on well
I got eight like a thousand MTV's I don't know which one regular old MTV one
I don't know if I have that one real I don't know where that is. I'm sorry. Oh there it is MTV
What do you know what I'm looking at a bunch of snakes in a girl right now, but
Not in it now they're doing road rules challenging. They've got all the guys naked
Well, I don't know which one that is and I don't I don't have time to patch you around looking for hot looking guys on there, okay
Especially now that I have all these diseases
Well, I was gonna say if he doesn't admit he has a problem just tries to stop
I can say from experience that it will not work. He's an addict otherwise he would have stopped after one or two
One of his two detox programs
I do not feel sorry from professionally
Well, is any sleep if he loses the platform he has to spew the hatred nonsense that millions of assholes
Listen to him believe without question
He's a big-headed idiot that could just fade away and take care of his problem by himself and with his family
See it in NA meeting where I says a Jimmy and Boca
Thank you Jimmy and Boca who also puts on here at the very end of his facts
Just for imposes, okay
Now so let's see we were two for two we had one nobody there in some old cranky. Oh Steve Kane's boyfriend
Here's a call from the Redlands. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
I'm just calling because the tree killers are across the street for me right now cutting all the citrus down
I'll be damned and there's a lot to get mine spikes
Large nails I'm serious drive them into your trees all over spikes get the Home Depot quick. I'll do it right now
I got spikes in my house. See you. Bye. Bye. Okay. Good luck to you for cutting down his fruit trees
These citrus a chanker police the Florida citrus tanker police are coming there doing the same thing
They did the George and everybody else whether you like it or not
Maybe they'll maybe you know the governor white up with a big chanker on his
Yeah, we can only hope and pray probably already got one
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale before we're gonna be Arnold Nazi stuff. Hello. Yes, sir
I beg your pardon
Rush Limbaugh that's old you what about Al Franken? What about him?
Like you what kind of drugs is he taking?
Yeah, what kind of drugs is he taking schmuck?
Yeah, more on
Yeah, right here in my in front of my post from the Palm Beach police. Okay, you asshole you jackass you rush liquor
He's probably sniffing rush right now. Oh, man
Probably getting a rush from it now
Idiot. He's doing poppers. He's got this finger up his nose one up his back
Them yeah, go. I stick your head up brushes ass. Okay, you little Nazi you little idiot
Quizzling scumbag and have a nice weekend don't forget to mad dog out of Gachi at the ballpark this afternoon
Marlon's on deck at 3 30 game three. This is the big one, baby
This is the turning point and I say to Marlon's is the one three in a row
I never said they win the first three in a row you'll recall Scott. I just said they win three in a row
And they will today will be the second and tomorrow they'll wrap it up courtesy of you
I'll be there to watch it. Thank you 3 30 this afternoon Marlon's on deck 406 the
Marlon's in the Giants game number three and then tonight
We got the 10th inning playoff special would lend Casper and Tommy Hutton at 7 30 followed by game three of the Cubs in a brave
That series tied a game of piece a 30 80k folder all the baseball stuff and the ESPN radio by the way
We got some bad information on our rejoins and promos today that the Panther game was gonna be on tonight is gonna be on
No, it's a silly-ass exhibition game that nobody cares about. It's not gonna be on at least on QIM
Is it gonna be on anywhere? Are we not even carrying it? We don't know. Yes
We don't know because
Duff and clearance are in there playing grab ass with each other you know, so
God forbid that we should have any information about stuff like that
But we got the important stuff. We got the baseball playoffs baby starting with a Marlon game this afternoon
406 gonna have 50 60,000 people there at pp park. It's gonna be great. Oh
Now thanks to the fact that George screwed up yesterday and then deliver those tickets to my house as a result
So Scott Jr. will be there today
See all the perks you get you don't get any money but get a lot of perks. Thank you
20 till a let's see how's that pool coming on for all we got
The hundred and sixteen votes which of these statements best describes your take on Scott for real. He's great 46
He's okay. I listen 24. I don't listen 20 fingernails on a blackboard 16 who the hell is Scott for L5
He blows for and I can't imagine you voted for he's way over the line
We're supporting you five six years. We're not the first thing we did go by the way
I
This fall on Fox the new reality TV show take my wife
Please
I guess trapped in his house with his wife
With no TV
Did you take out the trash? I don't need to take it out if you don't bacteria will grow and we'll breathe in salmonella
That's how sorrows got started. They want me to get soars
You want me to get mad cow to these I can't believe you look at table. Take my wife. Please
Sports are so stupid
God take a ball with a stick baseball take a ball with a stick. Oh
Take a ball with a stick basketball. Whoa get a round ball through a round hole. Whoa
Here's the top one football getting an oval ball pass the straight line
That's genius new this ball on Fox
10 45 at 5 60 WQ AM so uh and I don't want to disappoint that guy
It was all better to shape that punk that little anatsi in training about rush you know for rush
No, the entire world is talking about Russia except up here what they're talking about is yesterday is Ontario election
Which the liberals won a stunning overwhelming landslide victory
Costs in a conservators the Tories and early eaves on their ass 72 seats to 24 and seven for the NDP the new democratic party
How do you like that? I like it a lot
They were like 20 seats in a rear is going into the election yesterday and they win they like got a 48 seat majority now
They liberals. Oh, I see and that's another thing liberal isn't even a dirty word like I said yesterday up here
But nevertheless that's because rushing on here here
Get off of rush now as a matter of fact at 11 o'clock
I'm gonna take however much I need of the next hour to read the entire stuff from the inquire here
Excellent. Oh, yeah
Rush Limbaugh caught him drug ring. It's a front-page story and then rush Limbaugh a secret pill popping drug addict
His own words and then there's the emails from the edge it might take me to whole freaking hour
But I'm air you'll hear every word of it right here for our good friends if he inquire with you
I went out like I told you got it yesterday right after the show in my hot little hand
Because the they do show up quick up here, I guess for some reason the tabloids
But before we get to that we got the Arnold's story of the day poor Arnold is in deep dude, you know what?
There. I know he's not I think he is. I don't think he's gonna be governor of California. I think that's a deep crap
I think you're wrong. I think you better take a re-examinous yesterday
We had the groping and grabbing and he had to apologize and well, I did do some of that then well
I don't know but I apologize and yeah, not today
In New York Times a film producer who chronicle Arnold's fourth negris rise to famous a champion bodybuilder
In 1970 circulated a book proposal six years ago that quoted Mr. Schwartznäger expressing his admiration for a doll fitler
You understand the stupe of his track of everyone
The book proposal by the producer George Butler included what were presented as verbatim excerpts from interviews with Mr. Schwartznäger in the filming of the documentary
Pumping iron
Pumping iron
And a part of the interview not used in the film Mr. Schwartznäger was asked to name his heroes who do you admire most?
It depends for what Mr. Schwartznäger said according to the transcript in the book proposal
I admired Hitler for instance because he came from being a little man with almost no formal education up to power
And I admire him for being such a good public speaker
In addition to the transcript Mr. Butler wrote in his book proposal that in the 1970s he considered Mr. Schwartznäger a flagrant outspoken admirer of Hitler
In the proposal Mr. Butler also said he had seen Mr. Schwartznäger playing not the marching songs from long playing records in his collection home
And said the actor frequently clicked his heels and pretended to be an SS officer
While wearing a tutu
And all these people are saying oh this stuff is just coming out now because the elections in a few days
Well this was six years ago the book proposal
I just mentioned it in passing
Frequently clicked his heels and pretended to be an SS officer
I'm a little in telephone interview yesterday
Said he didn't recall making any of the comments if forbidden or engaging in any of the behavior describe I'm Mr. Butler
Let me tell you something
It's one of those things that if you come from that background you get accused a lot of times of being that of unbingan Nazi
said Mr. Schwartznäger who grew up in Austria and whose father just coincidentally happened to be a member of the Nazi party
So you know he continued that despite anything that Hitler stands for anything he's done
hated the Naziism hated what was done during the Second World War
Mr. Schwartznäger said he did consider Hitler to be a great public speaker
But someone who used his talent for something negative
In his book proposal Mr. Butler addressed that point quoting Mr. Schwartznäger was saying
I admire him for being such a good public speaker and for what he did with it
Should I read that sentence again could you
Since you're so negative about thinking this isn't going to have any impact no it's not you wrong all right
I think Arnold's going down all right Arnold's going down. I think they're going to terminate him
I still have east Arnold but you money how much
Now I don't want to overdo it because in your case so with your low pay
Yeah, that would be all right
Anyway in addition to which we may not know that we we can keep that eight bucks hanging like my 13 bucks from the lottery with
Rimmer for months because what that article I had the other day said we may not know the results of this election with all an
absentee two points of money an absentee ballot for weeks there could be like
To like the Florida chat thing all over does he all over again? Wow
In his book proposal I mean that sentence again Mr. Butler addressed that point quoting Mr. Schwartznäger saying
I admire him for being such a good public speaker and for what he did with it
But early this morning Mr. Butler called back saying he had driven back to his New Hampshire home and found another transcript
Of the deal with a different wording
I admire him for being such a good public speaker and for his way of getting the people and so on getting to the people and so on
But I didn't admire him for what he did with it. It's very hard to say who I admire who are my heroes
Mr. Butler
Said that his transcribers had had difficulty rendering Mr. Schwartznäger's remarks because of his accent and said the only way to resolve that
Ascrapancy was to listen to the tapes which are in Mr. Schwartznäger's possession
In an interview on Wednesday this home on the Upper East Side of Manhattan Mr. Butler stood by his recollection of a young Mr.
Schwartznäger playing Nazi marches and mimicking an SS officer but he described it as a passing behavior of an immature young man
Who had quickly grown up and said the comments were the byproduct of the body building culture of the 70s
It's the wackiest zaniest silliest strangest world on earth Mr. Butler said. Oh who hasn't played Nazi?
Right
Who hasn't done a little bit of goosing I'm a goose stepping in her time right right get the swagger stick and the boot
I saw an Arnold Arnold's the man. He's got all the qualification today. Oh brother. Can you think of any qualification? No no
I mean even like
No, is he literate? No is he articulate? No does he have it like any policy?
Does he has he ever been elected dog can't know but he's going to be governor of california with its 35 million people
And it's fourth or fifth depending on who you believe this week largest economy in the entire world
I can't wait to get to the 11 o'clock hour in a rush limbaugh cotton drug ring story in the inquirer
See uh Scott hasn't been around itself for a long enough to realize because I used to poo poo
Also the inquirer all of us all the tabloids
But the inquirer has an impeccable record whether with the job an a story whether it was the oj story
I mean the rubber Blake story not only of being accurate
But also being like breaking the stories and having the balls to say the things that all the rest of them are afraid to right
Exactly they don't give a crap whose toes they step on because they're business sell magazines and they do it
public rock suicide on hold
Judge puts injunction on rock shot groups concert suicide and say Peter's bird
A circuit court judge thought that injunction yesterday on a shock rock band banning it from holding an on-stage
Suicide that its leader vows will occur during a webcast performance this weekend
right
St. Petersburg leaders had asked judge john c lenderman for the injunction after the rock group hell on earth announced plants to have a
Tremorly ill person commit suicide during a gig somewhere in st. Pete Saturday night tomorrow to raise awareness of right to die issues
Hell on earth leader billy tortolo who did not attend the hearing had said earlier the van will defy city ordinance past
Monday that makes it illegal to conduct a suicide for commercial or entertainment purposes
Oh, they pass the city ordinance that makes it illegal to conduct a suicide for commercial or entertainment purposes and
To host promote and sell tickets for session event
Turtle told the AP that the suicide show will be played to a select few people and undisclosed location in St. Petersburg
And will be shown live on the band's website
He's declined to disclose any details about the tremorly old person if the band violates the order to stop publicizing the concert members could face contempt to court charges
How do you like that? Oh whatever
I mean, it's like somebody it's terminally ill. It's like a uh, you know, doctor. What's his name, huh?
Dr death right
And
And anyway, now see tracian candle says is I have a possible selection for your pool
It's something like I love for rendering the crossover too specific yet too specific crazy
It's kind of an in-between choice for those like me that aren't sports holes who like for rubric and only handled during the minutes of crossover with you
Well, you could always put. He's okay. I listen or he's whatever you want
But we can't cut it change the categories because this is our preliminary pool right right? It's the polyms
175 votes which of these statements best describes your take on
Scott Farrell he's great 69 did I make that number up? No, no
And by the way Greg Reed who's such a nervous Nelly and all them beastlies and Bob verbose
You got to take a look at the result of this pool so far. Muff if he weren't so busy in your butt
Uh, doing the clearance. I almost said it. I know. No, I did not I thought you I thought you think no
No, no, no, I did not come close to the effort all right. He thought it was I need the job 175 votes
Which best describes you take he's great 69. He's okay. I listen 34
I don't listen 26 fingernails on a blackboard 21
He blows 13 who the hell is Scott for row 11 and he's way over the line still does that same one
You know during this pool. I just learned something. I just taught myself something that I never really thought about before
See now donkey and jackass are synonymous right right ass
But I always wondered where that term came from you jackass
And now I've seen that one vote now. I know where it came from
Greg
He's way over the line now it didn't come from Greg
although
Speaking of jackass
So let's see there you go Tracy. Hope whatever you like all confidence in bushes slipping so
I watched the CBS TV news last night. I squeezed it three times. I was so excited
I was even ready to squeeze Dan rather on the earlobe. I was so thrilled
There was so much good news for those of us who are to the left of the till of the hunt last night
You got the rush first to get has to a
Resign it can't is as any espian is the real story according to Hank
And you got the bush numbers are dropping like a rock you had the Arnold thing with his Nazi past in this business
You had the Arnold and the groping and the doping and grabbing and squeezing and then of course the alarm
As a pill story which is on the front page of the inquire which I'm going to read the whole thing in this coming hour
Confidence in bush slipping
With the election now 13 months away president push finds his ratings near the low watermark of his presidency
Reports CBS news cheap white house correspondent John Roberts his overall job approval hubbers just above 50 percent
Almost back to where he was before 911 and way down from his stratospheric ratings of 89 percent following the attacks on America
White House officials say they expect the numbers to slide with the dramatic drop has them troubled
The president's marks on foreign policy have hit new low is 44 percent approval half of americans 50 percent
Don't have confidence in his ability to handle international crisis and a majority 53 percent
I believe the war in Iraq wasn't worth it a big change from the heady days after the swift defeat of Sodom
Have we found him yet? No Osama no a mullipola no
Least landing on the carrier declaring the conflict over this romanist sort of victory parade
Certainly did raise the stakes says history and James T Smith
And now those expectations are falling because people are seeing that the Iraq situation is not going according to plan
And foreign policy had been president pushes strong point 56 percent of americans now lack confidence in the president's
Economic decision-making a reversal from just four months ago and 54 percent that they were confident
I'll result of about three million jobs lost in sputtering economic growth
The jobs report this morning was up a little bit but no big deal, but the market is
They're they're goosing it up
22 months into the recovery still have fewer jobs than we had the beginning of the recovery this is a historical first
As a matter of fact, you know that this is the first president to have a loss of jobs during his president
And see since I'll give you one guess the depression
Well, there you go since world world hurt who over right
And the mood of the nation is shifting 56 percent the wait to hear this stat
56 percent say now the country is on the wrong track a bad trend heading into an election year
Looking ahead to the election president pushes lost what was a commanding lead voters and now evenly split
44 to 44 between mr. Bush and an onname democrat in other words and a man who was it could be like Mickey Mouse
It could be Eisner could be like a god for Ralph and it's like a 50-50
Five I am not a Nazi ladies and gentlemen are those for tonight good Arnold before we get started
What is that smell that's my new cologne?
It smells like onion dip what is it that's onion dip cologne that explains it I guess that's right
Next question, you know, there's all the speculation that you slow up. Please you know
There was all that speculation that you weren't going to run. I know I fool the whole world
What changed your mind what mind what changed your decision to run for governor
Decisions are easy to make when you are informed
What does that mean?
It's onion dip cologne. No, I don't mean about the cologne. I mean what does that statement mean?
Right next question
What is that I go to Sacramento? I will pump up Sacramento. Well, how exactly are you going to do that?
I'm going to pump it up how
By pumping
But this is a government. This isn't a gym
Not pumping
Speaking of pumping there've been some allegations that you have
That's a trick careful where you tread small report to mad
Well, there've been reports that you have strait in your
You straight it's onion dip cologne. It's very nice. Thank you
I'm going to pump up Sacramento as the governor. I will be the best governor of California since you would hum free
Cuba Humphrey was never the governor of California
Exactly
It's onion dip cologne
1202 at 560 double to Q.A.M
And I'll let's see here's the final talent because we'll change the pool now once we get into something we don't have time to dick around
Which of these statements best describes your take on Scott Farrell
215 votes in about 40 minutes not too shabby. He's great 83. Let's hear it. Oh, that's what I voted
I'm sure George too right
Or else he's okay. I listen
He's okay 42
I don't listen 31
fingernails on a blackboard 23 he blows 17 who the hell is Scott Farrell 17 and how Greg did finally vote
He's way out over the line to see Greg finally voted I
Said
Two
Is all two out of 250 not two are exciting point nine point nine percent
Here's the fact it says you got a love candidate and most of the rest of the free world what a concept parliamentary democracy
And it's built in it's built in recall feature
I guess all the liberals move the candidate voted confidence politics would make things very interesting in the United States of fascism
And then it goes on about
Wesley Clark and how he ought to be working the general suit like Noria against the most if he gets selected and yada yada yada
It says please now, but at Hank Goldberg and your poll for people and to work you
You hate hey stuff it so he hates Hank and his work
So we got Hank on there right right here's the main poll do's your the other one was just a
Prelim just a little thing on it take a look at a Greg and Duff and clearance you idiots and get off for else ass you morons you idiots you clueless
assholes
We finally get a good lead in we finally get our ten to two slot back we get things finally move it along real well
And the same old OG will you know it's like Eric used to do whoa
And Eric by the way quit screwing around with a website we got to go and real good now
You just can't leave well enough alone you fat slob leave it alone
goofball
You see that like with him you know you know it's just a matter of time before he screws things up
Followed with him sand no like peck like peckers bad boy who
Someone you think is an asshole and hate their work, which is a twist on him when we did over yesterday
Someone you think is an asshole and you hate their work more Howard David Neil Rogers Russell Crowe Jerry Lewis Mel Gibson Hank Goldberg
And we'll certainly take nominations, but it'll be a while because we got have a lot of fish to fry here. I added to
Okay, who are they Robert Downey Jr
Okay, and Howard Stern and Howard Stern there you go. There's two good ones, which is what I voted for
Okay
All right, let's rush them block hot and drug ring. It's in the October 14 national inquire a front page story
And even chose the Amaco station and the Denny's a Mervin Hall it is where the drug deals allegedly went down
His drug supplier tells all
Cop probe nails radio hostie buys tens of thousands of pills from housekeepers to be headline
Where the hell do I start? Well, let me start in the insidious housekeepers says limbaugh went through detox twice
To cure his addiction to painkillers rush limbaugh twice out of what a rapid detoxification treatment
According to his former housekeeper and drug supplier willma climb
The treatment referred to as ultra rapid opiate detoxification or anesthesia assisted rapid opiate detoxification
cleanses the body of drugs in only 24 hours and is offered at various clinics throughout the country
adds for the treatment recommended for people who want anonymity
After a health evaluation patients are given a light dose of a general anesthesia
Wouldn't it allows them to be awakened at any time?
While the patient's sleep medications are administered to stabilize blood pressure
regulate heartbeat and reduce withdrawal symptoms a drug that strips opiates from receptors in the nervous system is also administered
After the treatment patients are supposedly no longer physically dependent on opiates
But they're advised to take now trek zone a non-addictive opiate blocker is part of their follow-up treatment
And also in his article because I'll get to the main thing here what I want to have time to go through it
His own words not that he's a hypocrite or anything like that his own words rush blasts other drug users
Despite his own drug addiction rush limbaugh shows little tolerance to drug users in his public statements as the inquire
Here's limbaugh on drugs in his own words and it's got these quotes
Playbro interview December 1993 by legalizing drugs all you're going to do is define further db and c downward
We have a duty to pass on values to our descendants
Paddies that'll maintain the standards of behavior and ensure the survivability of the mercant way of life
And drugs are no different you end up destroying more than yourself
Rush limbaugh showed December 9, 93 if then surge in general jostle and elders wants to legalize drugs
Send the people who want to do drugs to lug them and Zurich and let's be rid of them
December 9th rush limbaugh show 93 the problem with legalizing drugs is it's just another abhorrent example of human behavior
That we've suddenly decided hey, we can't handle it. We've given up. We're gonna let you destroy your life
We're gonna make it easy and then all of us who accept the responsibilities of life and don't destroy our lives on drugs
We'll pay for whatever messes you get into
December 9, 93 on the same show
I'm a paul that people who simply want to look at this have horrid behavior and say
People are gonna do drugs anyway. Let's legalize it. It's a dumb idea
It's a rotten idea and those who are afford are purely a hundred percent selfish and September 23rd 2003
Teb Kennedy whose liver is said to be shaped like a shivers regal bottle
But like that um call it the pot quanta kettle
purpled
So there just a few of his own quotes of part of this hypocrisy is which is why it is a big story
And it's gonna come up and slap him right the old ass. How come he ain't on the pole
Uh people that's good rush limbaugh. That's a good one. He'll get a lot of votes
He might give more run for his money now the way things are going
Because I mean all Moe all he's got is a bad hair piece and checkered pants and a squeezing bag but other than that and smells bad
He's a big secret burst
That's excellent
Most got a checkered pair of pants and rush has a freaking checkered pants
60
But other than that and smells bad
Most got a checkered pair of pants and rush has a freaking checkered pants
Uh uh uh
This is rush limbaugh serving of humanity talk show host
hemroyd suffer
folks at over 300 pounds
I know the agony of this kind of dilemma ladies and gentlemen. I'm here to tell you there's help with new
Preparation rush and my rush to excellent supositories
Now you can end the pain and itching of hemorrhagal tissue
Just look for my picture on the box of supositories and the applicator tube back them another fine product
From ol ib the obesity and broadcasting network
Probably it's after 11 at 560 wqm mad dog from gay chief to stadium at 2 and then we got the marlins in the cubs game 3 tonight
Marlins in the a giant threat the cubs in the brave tonight
48 quick votes on his second pool someone you think is an asshole and you hate their work
To boot
Howard stern 18 Moe Howard David at 15. Well, there's the battle rush limbaugh just went on there though fit five
He might be climbing up fast the humper's got three. I got a pair Robert Downey Jr.'s got a pair Russell Kroz got two
Mel Gibson won no votes yet for Jerry Lewis fill Collins and how about somebody says a steep game
I and how about George Rodriguez. Okay. Yeah, let's get you on her too because this will be an outlet for those people
A little say them from call in and say I like George socks and they hate you
This will be similar for them to vent
Okay, let's get back to this article. Okay rush limbaugh caught in drug ring
Popular conservative commentator rush limbaugh has been secretly battling addition in narcotics
And he's embroiled in a high-parity drug investigation the inquirer has learned exclusively
His former housekeeper has told prosecutors that she illegally supplied 52-year-old limbaugh with thousands of paying
Killers costing hundreds of thousands of dollars over a period of more than four years
The host of merck has most listened to radio show is so heavily addicted
He had to be detoxified twice once coming perilously close to death his drug dealer Wilma Klein told the inquirer exclusively
The explosive revelations are the culmination of an extensive inquirer investigation into the law and order advocates
monumental abusive addictive painkillers now being probed by a team of local state and federal law enforcement agencies
There is an active ongoing criminal investigation aimed at identifying dealers and buyers
Rush limbaugh is one of those who's been under investigation confirms an investigative source close to the drug probed unfolding in Palm Beach County
That investigation has already led to several arrests including a pharmacist and his wife and confiscation of tens of thousands of pills and nearly a million dollars in cash
Wilmaugh and her husband David told the inquirer they approached authorities and turned over information on limbaugh and others
They've both been granted immunity
The couple of also passed lie detector test about supplying drugs to rush
Test of a commission by the inquirer
In a world exclusive interview that'll rock the political and broadcasting world's Wilmaugh told us
He's given authorities emails from rush which there are copies of in here by the way we'll get to eventually
Wilmaugh told us he's given authorities emails from rush begging her to obtain drugs a detailed ledger documenting his drug transactions and other startling evidence
You got that other startling evidence
You
What's more inquirer reporters have listened to recordings of drug related messages rough rush left on her answering machine
Which are also investigators hands and they're considering I should point out you the inquirer putting the audio on the internet
All right
Yeah
Wilmaugh also told the inquirer she witnessed rush swallowing handfuls of pills and then he ordered massive quantities of the addictive painkiller hydrocodone
Lore set and then graduated to the highly dangerous oxy cotton
Although I think he was an oxy moron before he started popping that
During one four-month period alone from july 19th and November 13 2001 the king of conservatism got a staggering
11,900 pills from Wilma according to shocking ledger entries
And by the middle of last year shortly before limbaugh was detoxed in New York
His order at skyrocketed to more than 30 oxy cotton pills a day the ledger knows
About 30 man a day
There were times when I worried all these pills are enough to kill an elephant never mind a man
Wilma 42 told the inquirer limbaugh's America's number one syndicated radio host with some 20 million list news daily on
600 stations plus from coast to coast and a strong family values proponent
Ironically the tragedy of how this straight-list conservatives spiraled into a drug nightmare contains elements of sheer force
Wilma told the inquirer he kissed and groped her in desperate attempts to see if she was wired by the cops
And make clumsy attempts to hide stashes from his known nonsense wife Martha even using his golf bag as a hiding spot
He referred to money as cabbage and the big drug scores as the mother load
Wilma was hired as a three hundred and seventy dollar week housekeeper as the limbaugh at the limbaugh's
Placial 24 million dollar mansion in Palm Beach July 97
Nothing out of the ordinary happened till March 98 when her handyman husband David 41 injured himself in a fall
I was in the laundry room one day in rush walk by asked me how David was doing Wilma explained
He asked me casually is he getting any pain medication? I said yes
He said surgery in the doctor gave him hydrocodone 750 to my astonishment. He said can you spare a couple of them
She relayed the requested David who was stunned that gave his wife 10 of his pills
I was impressed by who he was. I didn't want to be a jerk and tell him no David told the inquirer
Next day in the laundry room. Wilma said she handed rushed the pills
He wanted to know when David's next prescription was due she said at home that night
She and David discussed limbaugh's demands finally David agreed to give his wife's famous boss half of his 60 month of pill prescription as long as it lasted
What's half of 60 about third man, but apparently that wasn't limbaugh's only drug supplies as well
She says he was also receiving weekly FedEx packages filled with pills and bottles of liquid hydrocodone
When she went to throughout the empties from a cupboard beneath his bathroom sink Wilma says rush cautioned her double bagum
The housekeeper was able to keep her 30-pilament supply line open to rush until early 99 when she had to tell him that her husband's doctor was not prescribing any more pills for him
That angered the talk show king and Wilma got a scary phone call from him while clearing his guest house
She says this tone was nasty and bullying he said I don't care how or what you do
But you'd better better get me some more then he hung up
Give me some more
Crane then in tears Wilma told a newly hired houseman what had happened and he said he could supplier with the drugs then she then sold a rush
She says rush was working in his office in Palm Beach and I called him and said I've got somebody who can hook you up
He just said okay. I want a hundred hydrocone 750
Wilma says rush gave her 500 bucks after she made the purchase opening a new drug pipeline
Wilma and rush had established a secret delivery system named at keeping his secret from wife Martha
He told me that when is him throwing the page here and is an ad for some plastic surgery in the middle
He told me that when I got some new pills came in I was to hide them under the mattress on his side of their foreposter bed
He also told me at a station his private airplane and he even took the pills on the golf course with him
Sometimes rush got sloppy with his stash the housekeeper told the inquirer
I watched as he pulled some from his burgundy leather briefcase tucked a few in his mouth and swigged them down
And one day the chef told me he found pills scattered on the floor and rushes office
Another time he told me he needed more pills because someone to fall out of his golf bag
rush had been huge near 300 pounds, but he started to lose a lot of weight
coincidence
Yeah, just like the hearing loss. It's just a coincidence right what right can you hear me?
Several months after she began supplying and Wilma says she got a shock when he confided
were that he was leaving town to undergo a rapid detox technique at a New York hospital
When he returned says Wilma rush announced he would no longer need drugs
It lasted for a month then he told me his left ear was acting up and he was in pain
He said he needed pills again. I took him 150 hydrocodone
Then he asked me if I could get him oxy-contin because the others were giving him an upset stomach
I got him a hundred and a few days later he told me I much prefer the oxy there was a big smile on his face
Meanwhile Wilma was not getting along with Martha Limbaugh who whom she dubbed the dragon queen
So she quit her job in July 2001
A concerned rush after to continue her deliveries and she agreed Wilma told the inquirer
But now she began keeping a handwritten ledger noting the pills their quantities and cost and the balanced Limbaugh
Oh, what after making payments
During the first 47 days she kept the ledger. It shows she delivered 4350 pills to Limbaugh
I was concerned at the amounts he was taking. She said he once told me they're not just for me
You know, but I didn't believe it was given them to anybody else
Deliveries were just a few days apart and as the quantities increased so did his paranoia
Says Wilma he asked me are you being followed?
He insisted I changed vehicle so if police were watching the building they wouldn't see the same car keep coming
Then one day in 2002 when I was in his office making a delivery
He suddenly grabbed me and kissed me quite passionately on the lips as he hugged me
He was feeling my body. It suddenly dawned on me. He was patting me down
Groping me to see if I was wearing a wire
Another time he grabbed my blouse on my chest and pulled it outwards like he was thinking he might hook his fingers around a wire
Then one day he asked me right out. Are you wearing a wire? I told him he was crazy
She made most deliveries to libos office
But they also met regularly in a Denny's restaurant parking lot in West Palm Beach or at an amaco station next to a biker's bar
He picked Denny's because it was on a way to his golf club said Wilma
He'd given me some of his empty Cuban subar as cigar boxes
Typically when we met that way he'd lower the window for his Mercedes. I'd head by cigar box full of pills
He'd take it and hand me his cigar box full of money. It could be as much as eight grand and bargo violator
Here's the cabbages. He'd say then he'd drive off
As the summer of 2002 approach rush decided to take another stab at beating his addition
On June 11, 2002 Wilma said she told prosecutors limbaugh said he was going to New York for detox for a second time
He looked then he lost an awful lot of weight
She said then he didn't contact me after he came home and I got worried she said
I went to talk to him and he cried a little bit. She told the inquirer
He told me that if ever got out he'd be ruined then he told me everything is gonna be okay. I'm gonna take care of you
Soon afterward a Palm Beach attorney turned up on her doorstep at home
She said he said the lawyer asked how much rush owed her and she replied 80 grand
He told me rush had a real bad time during the second detox. He almost died. He told me
The attorney called later and arranged to meet me in a parking lot by a gas station
He told me rush had rounded the balance. He owed to the hundred grand
He gave me the check and got me to sign a promissory note
He explained that the money was alone, but I wasn't to worry
I'd never have to make payments
He never even gave me a copy of the agreement after I signed it
Four months later November 2000 and two will miss as you got a call to go to the attorney's office in Palm Beach
He showed me another check for a hundred thousand dollars made out to David and me and written on his account
Will miss as he told her never to give rush anymore pills and asked her for to hand over her computer
Which might retain a record of rushes emails
But instead of giving him my computer
I later took my the hard drive from another computer and smashed it in front of him
Shortly afterward will man or husband David who had made about ten pill of reach to rush while his wife was out of town
became nervous and contacted Miami attorney Edward Shohad with their story
Shohad contacted the Palm Beach County State Attorney's office and they all met with assistance state attorney James
Marks who specializes in drug investigations
Marks is heading the major multi-agency task force which is already seized Haggar Code on tablets with a street value
$470,000 and tracked the illegal flow of more than another million dollars in tablets
The ongoing investigation has also resulted in the arrest of Lewis Vashara
A pharmacist whose license was suspended following conviction for practicing medicine without a license
He and his wife Gloria have been charged with involvement in narcotics trafficking
More arrest and a confiscated or expected soon that evolved the investigative source
To make sure it wouldn't become a case of reward against the powerful broadcasters
Willemetho the enquirer she secretly taped the media titan during two of her last drug deliveries
Although her lawyer won't let her reveal the contents of those recordings
She did disclose that you can clearly hear the conversation
The prosecutors now have those two tapes
Assistant stated turning marks told the enquirer that as a matter of policy
He would not confirm or deny what the sources quoted in the article told the enquirer
This policy has been adopted for the protection security of confidential sources and undercover operatives as well as maintaining the highest level of integrity in
Investigation process he said
And that's the main body of the story then we got Russia limbois emails from the edge
We got that we got the russia's drugs producer you for in addiction
We got the story about misuse of pain drug linked to hearing loss all of these things
My and local this is 4205 city
Cloted by the right
Band moves like douchebag
Or a
I felt like a douchebag because I didn't think we were in line
I know you may not understand what I did or who I am most of you don't need books
So let me introduce myself I was a well respected heart right man entrusted by high level drugs
I used to have a powerful Republican position high upon a poor brown
The only questions were in systems that I have is credit
Clintiff with any means that could be found
Since then I have a better straight down
All I was blinded by the right
Oh, and moves like douchebag
The moral face declined blinded by the right
I felt like a douchebag because I didn't think we were in line
I had admission to the party for 5 horror less than Christians but farland there treated on the road
Why is that new Mexican perfect sister and friend they're raising sisters
In the power balls of Trump
My job was to welcome you to the right wing point of view people minds of really do sway
And now the hatred that I see that that minority is in thanker jewels
Make me want to you today
Yes
Are you sure
You
I hear was added misfudged that we're doing the old ass to ass it's 11 30 at 5 60
WQM so may ask you this yeah, who do you think is jumped into the lead I'll give you one guess
The Lord Aster has moved past her like they were all standing still
117 votes rush
Right up so many think is an asshole that you hate their work
Pretty obvious rush limbaugh 39 can we put it on their late to give everybody a handy crap and the two
Howards are fighting it out for second mo Howard david at 24 Howard sperm 23 the two howe's
Then it's weighed out a hand quid seven Russell Crowe six I got four
But you tied me instantly Robert Downey Jr. Four Jorge Rodriguez four Phil Collins three only one for jury
Lewis Steve can and Mel Gibson and just don't on me
I was just thinking during the break for about 10 seconds then old cockadeck called Steve can't say
But once every five years that old
Cargill calls it says the same thing oh more often than that
Once every two years yeah, and a bad part of it is he's still alive
Bill who's become really chronic but a good faxer said I don't know if this is the bill that hates you or not
Ted Kennedy's liver may be shaped like a shivers regal bottle
But Russell in boss body shaped like a round blue pill
Hipper critical fat ass Nazi bastards as bill
Good point Bill
Stuttering gila homes that wants to know can he buy the uh keychains online and the answer is uh, yeah
Oh, it's a good day. That was a great day. I told you
He also says I think Greg Reed should be on list. What an asshole he hours jockeys and then censor them
I didn't know he was like working a calder
Hires uh talk host. I think is what I mean then censor them Scott you go get Greg Reed on there. Okay put him on there
Let's give him a little transfer a little glory
whole and
Mitch in the wherever mitches in point and beach. It's a good point Mitch
I apologize says you forgot to play the
Requiem for a dream while you talk about rush
Sorry about that you are absolutely correct sir, but
I'll see if I can't men men and there's my way
Who George just passed me on the ass alert
You're a piker
A kite there he goes again with a justa
Arrow film kippernola. See how insensitive he is talk to
hoist
Rush limbaugh's emails from the edge in the same October 14 national inquirer
See now I'm really surprised. I guess Scott's been under duress so much with all those of brow beatings from duff and clearance and Greg
But he hasn't had time to take a puke at the reality of this
But this isn't just somebody's word against somebody else's like I just got through meeting the last part there
She covered her ass by taping some of the conversations and
Here are the emails printed right out
So they got him blue handed remember that did blue hands. Why have to play that
Rush limbaugh's emails from the edge desperate for drugs
He constantly emailed his former housekeeper for more and more oxy-continent. There's a picture of
Wilma right there
Says rushes emails revealed just how addicted he was
Rush limbaugh displayed a drug addict's panic and desperation as he used his computer to order thousands upon
Thousands of pain pills from his former housekeeper Wilma Klein the inquirer says
He peppered Wilma with constant email messages concerned
He arranged clandestine drug pickup expressing hearing he recognized
He wrote about his joy when large amounts of pills were available
But he called the motherload
Remember a network when dianna says I think we struck the motherload remember that they're shouting in Atlanta
Anyway
Any beg for further deliveries when he accidentally spilled pills down his sink or dropped them while playing golf
The even told Wilma she could email him about drug supplies when he was on the air
At least the hungry only gets calls from this bookie
What are you talking? Okay
But he was getting emails while he was on the air to make sure that the pills kept him popping
In one chilling email on May 28th
2002 rush wanted a hundred little blues
jargon for a certain size of the powerful the highly addicted pain killer pill oxy-contin
aka pill-billy heroine
Incredibly he revealed in the message the extent of his massive consumption of the powerful drug more than 30 pills a day
about 30 man
And he confirmed that he needed more and more oxy-contin to get the same effect
He sent that email on a day when he was two weeks from a detox treatment
A hundred equals two and a half to three days of little blue as rush wrote to Wilma
You know how this stuff works the more you get used to it the more it takes i bet you Sarah could agree with that
Never seemed together with sir a gold far. No same person
But remember this is only for just a little over two more weeks
I kind of want you to get it and go out with a bang if you get my drift
Hi, I want another 500 rush message. Will Monday, November 8th 2001 if not a few less will be okay
I'm leaving town for a while is the reason
Rush got panicky he'd run out of drugs when Wilma was away
On November 21st 2001 Wilma was headed out of town and had a report that her drug contact had failed to show it
All she had on hand were 50 pills
Damn rush wrote back begging her to the layer trip
The email show he had a particular liking for oxy-contin aka hillbilly hurlwood
Rush told Wilma in one email to keep her sharp eye out for the small blue babies oxy-contin
He was gleeful when Wilma pulled him on January 3rd 2002 that said he had she had a thousand big ones
Law set big blues lord said thousand big blues
Holy moly rush reply. Okay. Give me some idea if you're available to eat today slice tonight
Holy moly
Holy Schmidt rat man
I'm February 16 2002 rush email Wilma to tell her let me know when you get some more small blues
I just had an accident to sink and loss some hey
I got some when the road back great what time can David Moell's woman's husband meet me in the morning
Rush like to be further a large delivery of pills as a mother load
What a mother
On April 1st 2002 email he was chomping at the bed at the prospect of a big delivery
And you really mean mother load as in a lot when Wilma's husband David replied
I'm not sure what the load is going to be David got chastised by rush for that reply
Please don't say mother load to me unless you know for certain it's going to be
And here on the same page page 37 of the October 14 inquire here are actual photos of the emails themselves
I
addiction by original fits in an in-set in the same article?
The prescription pain pills that took over Limbaugh's life,
Lorset, Hydrocon, and Oxycontin.
I keep saying that, it's hydrocodone, I'm sorry.
I'm all opium derivatives that function in a body much like morphine.
They're very effective at alleviating pain, but can also produce euphoria and decrease alertness.
Long-term use can produce physical dependence at addiction, once this occurs, slowing or
stopping drug use causes unpleasant withdrawal symptoms, including restlessness, body pain,
insomnia, diarrhea, and vomiting.
While drug intake Limbaugh's sites in emails, 30 or more pills that they may seem ridiculously
large, a medical expert contacted by the inquiruses these amounts are not unheard of by any means.
Seasoned addicts who have been a movie-busing pain killers for years can develop a huge tolerance
and take extreme amounts of these drugs without overdosing said Dr. James Corcoris, an addiction
specialist in Boka, who's not treated Rush Limbaugh.
Some of these people require vast numbers of pills every day just to function,
amounts that would easily kill a normal person.
I've seen cases in which addicts have required over 100 hydrocodone and Oxycontone pills
every day, over 100.
How do you like them, apples, huh?
Maybe he was hiding them in like his apples.
I don't want to do this.
Because he sure is right, and to the core, I'll tell you that.
So if you don't believe me, or if you would just want to see it for yourself, go out and
buy it, go to your public, go to your Windixi, go to your local newsstand if you can find one.
And get today's October 14th National Enquire with his big push on the cover,
although not nearly so fat as it used to be, and now we know why.
And after the break, then I'll just, I mean, this story isn't specifically about any of the
drugs he's accused of taking, but it's about, I could in, and about the fact that
lots of these pain killers overuse of them causes hearing loss and even deathness in some
cases. You see the way this is fitting all together?
Like a great loss, hearing loss.
Don't think gay and you're hoover to figure this one out boys and girls, I'll tend to that.
21 till a noon at 560 Qion.
And look all this is 420 by 60.
Faster, this really show it is age, it doesn't happen.
Hey, horde a bit of a way, you're the antenna.
If you don't work like a slave, they're hard to do, you're back.
Do you, you gotta die, then?
Black and 15, night from pay the hold up.
But comforced let them, life is a sighted.
And he's a likely white, they're hard to do, you're back.
You're back.
Oh, the chain of crappy chic, retro, it's the runs.
You're back.
Who's back?
He's poorly waged to employees that he's got the parts of douchebag.
Who's back?
I kind of pucks a white and a American douchebag.
Who's back?
And all the gum he's got, he drives around in a gutter of them.
Who's back?
To got the gig, to replace Bob Ford, who banged a kid,
in the back of his Ford, that's all he did.
The band stand was born, the glock to douchebag.
Who's back?
He seemed delighted, with anybody with wind, the gas prices.
On the fear of mint, he never mind it.
The gas it was, it did, the glock to douchebag.
Who's back?
I never realized what a 50-year-old crappy is.
After all the years I've been wondering him,
he quarts the great deal, bombs are every cow's dream,
who's back?
Who's back?
16 till noon at 560 W. Kimmers, the facts from Todd and Hollywood,
as I wish I could vote for CBS.
I hate them in their work.
Packs also, too much God crap.
What does he expect from the Packs people?
You know the God Squad?
He says, Pilatek, don't surprise me.
I had a few stitches in my hand last year.
My doctor gave me 20 hydrocodones and they're great.
They're great.
All right.
So is Vyketin.
When I moved here in 1970, you could buy quailudes and valium anywhere for a bucket piece.
So F-Rush is a rush and F-the-druck company.
I love your show, Todd and Hollywood.
Also win one of our regular faxes.
He's just joking about anywhere good, beaten, Vegas.
That's just a joke, isn't it, George?
Yes.
I'm thinking to go into Vegas in a few weeks.
I've never been there.
Being a schlepper, I can't afford to pay too much for a hotel.
I just found some very good rates at circus circus
and the stratosphere tower you know about these hotels.
Stratosphere is way to hell up there.
It's not on the strip.
It's way at the north end you don't want to stay there.
And the circus circus, all the punky kids that are in the pan in the ass,
but it's okay to stay there.
Just don't gamble there and they'll get that out of there.
See, Vegas, it doesn't really make all that much difference where you stay.
Right.
Right?
And a bed would be good.
A bed would be good.
A room with a bed in it, a shower, a sink that works.
That's about it.
And then just run a hell out of there.
You won't want to be...
Circus circus.
What?
You won't want to be sleeping.
That's right.
So there you go.
There's my best advice to win.
Have a great time.
Someone you think is an asshole and you hate their work.
That's today's poll.
It's a twist on the one we did yesterday.
187 votes.
Oh, there's somebody.
But free nations don't develop weapons of mass destruction.
Huh?
There will be a free and peaceful Iraq.
It's taking place in Iraq as...
Yeah, he's seven minutes ago.
He's between Iraq and a hard place is what the Bushmeister said.
187 votes and Russia's got 77.
He came from nowhere from oblivion.
41.1%.
Mohawar david at 31.
Howard's turn 26.
Pan Goldberg 11.
George Rodriguez 9.
You're moving up fast George.
I've been stuck at nine for nine.
They can't stand you or your work.
Russell Crowe 6.
Steve Kane 6.
Yours truly 6.
Robert Downey Jr. 5.
Jerry Lewis Fault.
Come on, let's see some O.
Phil Collins 3.
Mel Gibson 2.
And one for Greg Reed.
Let's hear it.
Probably screw-and-voted.
Now, since Todd and Hottie were just told us about his vikin' in?
Oh, yeah.
This is from the LA Times September 10th, 2001, so the story is two years old.
Miss use of paint drug linked to hearing loss.
A powerful and potentially addictive paint killer used by millions of Americans
is causing rapid hearing loss, even deafness, in some patients who are misusing the drug
going to hearing researchers in LA and elsewhere.
So far, at least 48 patients have been identified by doctors at the House
Irons student-loss angeles and several other medical centers who treated patients with
sudden hearing loss.
The hearing problems appear to be limited to people who abuse vikin' and other
chemically comparable prescription drugs by taking exceptionally high dosages for several
months or more doctors said.
Vikin' in one of the most commonly prescribed paint killers is frequently used in
properly.
It goes on to say because of the fact that it just singles vikin' out.
It doesn't mention any of the others by name, but it says,
vikin' is a synthetic opiate that's a chemical cousin of heroin and morphine.
Did that sound an awful lot like what we're reading about Ossie Cotton?
Yep.
He'll really heroin.
Has long been known to doctors as a potentially addictive medication.
As soon as vikin' and hit the market, there was a steady stream of addicts
said, Dr. Drew Pinsky, medical director for the Chemical Dependency Program at Lusson,
Scenic Hospital in Pasadena.
It's such a huge problem already.
I don't know how much bigger it could be.
Researchers at the House Institute were among the first to connect vikin' and use
with sudden hearing laws.
They've now identified 29 people who heavily abused the paint killer and who subsequently
suffered a sudden hearing loss.
Sixteen of those were diagnosed in the last two years.
UCLA scientists have seen an additional 14 patients with opiate and induced hearing loss,
mostly from overuse of vikin' and other experts around the country,
reporting at least five more of these cases.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
And you were just talking about opiate anthony.
Opiate anthony, right?
Exceptional high doses for several months or more.
Hearing loss and of course that weight loss.
But and of course it's all documented right here.
And meanwhile Bush comes out and says,
Oh, he stands behind Rush.
Rush is a great American, the idea.
Birds of a feather, man.
Oh, yes.
Yeah, the stories they could swap.
Tell long tales together.
The prescriptions they could share.
Right.
As a matter of fact, I think he said they said,
he didn't say they saw eye to eye, I think it was like nose to nose.
Something like that.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon and wireless line.
Maybe we picked your interest slightly.
There were a little bit of that reading.
Nice job on a reading too today.
I noticed.
Pretty good.
Mm-hmm.
I say so much.
So what that's because once in a while I fumble and bubble.
How about Bill Gates?
It says somebody you think is an asshole and hate their work.
Yeah.
Yeah, I agree with that.
Well, you just hate Bill Gates.
So yeah, so no one.
Yeah, okay, put him on there.
We've got some competition beside the two Howard's.
Rush is like off.
He's in the league of his own.
I would 88 and pull him away.
Like all the others are laying down.
Like they're on doggy donors.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Leoniel.
Yes, sir.
It's in an acquaintance that the president backs up Rush
when Jeff's daughter Noel got busted.
Wasn't probably oxycontinent, huh?
Uh-huh.
Remember that?
Runs in the family.
Do I remember it just like yesterday?
Exactly.
Now the hurricanes in the Marlins aren't we
blessed to live in the town the only way forward?
Well said, amigo.
Well said.
Oh, I didn't see what the score was last night.
About 100 and nothing.
What was the score?
It's got.
What's that?
Yeah.
I'm abusing the oxycodone.
I'm sorry.
If you want to see the face behind that voice,
the growth test.
Anyway, he does look like a Martian.
I'd forgotten.
Look on our website, man, for a real hoot.
I was saying what was the score at a hurricane game last night.
But I guess I can just go on really a sunset on the website
here and take a puke at it since you don't seem to have any clue.
Uh-huh.
Oh, look at that.
22 to 20.
They just, it says,
Sputtering canes survive a scare against the mountaineers.
22 to 20 right there in a freaking orange bull.
How do you like that?
Huh?
I bet a lot of people are going to the bull after that.
And they certainly didn't cover, right?
Right.
Right.
Whatever the spread was, it sure is how I had to be a lot more
than two points against the girl school like West Virginia.
So they didn't cover the spread.
Wow.
It's a good thing the humpers off today, you know what?
And then any cave, well, he's not until after the
Cobraves game, really.
So I have a chance to pop a few and calm down a little bit.
5670560, pond 560 on the AT&T.
See all of that business.
Remember when he was losing his hearing?
We all remember that.
Yeah.
And the country was all poor rush.
He can't do his show right.
He can't hear the calls and he's losing his hearing.
It isn't this sad.
And we all had to feel so sorry for him and all this other crap.
In the meantime, it was self-induced.
He's a junkie.
Uh-huh.
Right. He's a freaking junkie.
And we had all those quotes in there,
pontificating about drugs and the people of
the duelmen take into these liver because he's got
a little bit of a booze problem.
Oh, man.
Just like the Catholic Church man all over again.
Same thing.
Exactly the same thing.
Finger-porting on you,
faggots out there and on you,
this and on you, that.
And yada yada yada.
In the meantime, they got the biggest
house of perversion in the history of mankind.
The Catholic Church.
It's a freaking gait club.
It's a pedophile playground.
It's paradise.
Yeah, it's a pedophile paradise.
Is it?
Absolutely.
You bet.
And the same thing here, man.
What have I always told you all through the years,
these right-wing assholes,
every single one of them.
If you open up the closet door,
there's enough skeletons in there to fill up a goddamn
cemetery.
Forced lawn.
God almighty.
Lotta, lotta, lotta, lotta.
Yeah, his credibility is shot.
You know, he down the tubes.
Of course, his sycophants out there,
the nitto head.
All poor rush.
What can we do?
You know, it's like that to fall in the
the Board of Game Christians, you know.
The center.
Oh Jimmy Swagger, we have to pray for the center
and the one who's fallen and then come back, you know.
Those are the ones that we really,
we really get all teased about them.
The article purged after they
take that big fall.
Now we have to bring them back to the fold again.
Here's Oakland Park.
Neil.
Yes sir.
I recorded a small bill in angel.
You got a copy of small bill.
No, do not.
Oh, somebody said you got the guy that
took the call said you got a copy of small bill.
Well, I'll have one somewhere.
Okay, well, if you wanted to borrow it.
Okay, thanks, Bobby.
Yeah, but listen, I just want to say something about rush.
I think we should boycott anything that rush promotes
or is this spokesman for anything?
I don't know.
I don't listen to a show so I have no idea.
Well, just the same way.
The spokesman, I think, for Oxy Cotton.
In just the same way that they boycotted the
dick-a-chicks, these pseudo-Christian,
pseudo-patriots,
you know, the way they turn the page.
I think the best thing everybody can do is turn off his show
because now he's proven to be a hypocrite and a liar.
So why the hell would anybody listen to a hypocrite and a liar?
They're hardcore.
They're brainwashed.
We'll never be able to turn off.
But, you know, I think just the same way that they turn
patriotism into McCarthyism with the dick-a-chick.
I think we should find out whatever, you know,
he promotes and boycott that.
Like, you know, I don't drink lip-dyn and there are Pepsi
anymore, you know, because they gave into that.
Oh, I do like diapypsy.
Well, I used to drink it all the time.
I used to drink it all the time.
And I like lip-dyn, a diolistine.
I can't drink it anymore.
Love it.
Drink it by the gallon.
Thanks a lot, Palli.
Have a great weekend.
See you.
Okay.
56670560.
Oh, it's getting dark now.
It's going to rain here this afternoon.
All the way is going to be all the way up to 15,
59 degrees Fahrenheit.
I mentioned that in passing.
Liberal swept the Ontario election yesterday.
I mean, amazing.
72 seats.
There's only 100 in tree in the Ontario parliament.
And I got 72 of them.
The Conservatives 24 and the NDP 7.
I mean, they came from a 20 seat deficit
as before the yesterday's election.
And just went it out.
They swept about.
Oh.
They didn't even need my phoney vote.
Someone you think is an asshole and hate their work is.
And so far, we have 235 votes before.
Faster than you can say, Russia's a douchebag.
Rush Limbaugh 101.
Mo Howard did see again.
I'm sorry, Mo.
I thought we had a poll that he could win today.
He was a belly-hicken about that this morning.
I apologize.
You accept it?
Absolutely.
Thank you.
Rush Limbaugh is just hands down your pants.
Pulling away, he's got 103 now.
Mo 36 Howard's 733.
There's the battle second place.
Hank Goldberg 15 in Georgia, Rodriguez for 14.
You're right, I'll hang sass.
No, man.
Georgia's on Hank's butt.
Just stay still for a minute.
Yeah, Rodney.
Near Rogers 8.
Russell Crow 7.
Steve Cain 6.
Robert Downey Jr. 5.
Mel Gibson 5.
Jerry Lewis 4.
Phil Collins 3.
And only one vote for Greg Reed and Bill Gates.
All I will say this, at least Bill worked for his money.
And the Greg course married into money.
But then again, that's another story for another day, innit?
Yeah, it's supposed to be not true to what's that about the
the military marrying the marrying for money.
Who taught you that?
I didn't say he never said that.
I didn't say he married for money.
I said he married into it.
I didn't say he married for money.
What?
Not true.
What are you talking about?
That's what he said.
Well, she, her father invented a milk carton or something like that.
The, you know, the old plastic or what,
what do they make the cardboard milk carton?
Okay.
So we had a few bucks and we're like,
well, who the hell knows when you deal with a perveraqueror like him?
Who the hell knows what what they had a week of it?
5.
And the local-
My wife is 5.
6.
The radio's on yours now.
You in.
Hey, I'm watching Leon Harris.
They goodbye on CNN.
I don't have time for you.
What the hell just happened there?
With what?
There was a rejoin?
There was?
Sure.
Well, I wasn't paying any attention because Leon Harris is leaving CNN
after 20 years and they're giving them a big ovation.
I love in Dara and the Dallas-Gurret.
And his family is there and he's crying and
the most memorable thing he ever did though on CNN was that
he was talking about Kirby Puckett.
Yeah.
Right?
No?
We got some more good additions for our pull but we better get back to the format.
Now look at it.
It's the 12 to 1 hour.
Yeah, at least we're today.
Bye, by Leon.
It's a pretty good, like dark shoes we do.
I'm a certainly not lose network.
Close your eyes.
Take a sniff.
Do you smell something you like?
No.
Cause tonight there's smelling right.
I'm gonna fetch you with all the night.
All the way.
Cut the cheese.
I can rip one on come man.
I'm a limit.
Hold your soul.
Brand.
All of those smelly things coming out of my
heart break when for you.
If you want me to.
Hold your nose real tight.
I can do it all night.
I break when for you.
If you want me to.
If I let my guest know.
Hold me to.
I break when for you.
You want me to.
Hold your nose real tight.
I can do it all night.
I break when for you.
If you want me to.
And I'll let my guest know.
I'm actually not getting a little
great away from that.
I'm about with this place.
For maybe some for a long time.
I had like real jerk list on it.
It was like a really news network.
Yes, CNN.
But you know, it's one of those
emotional things in it's a dog and
pony show.
Whole bunch more names for our pool today.
Somebody who think is an asshole.
Man hate their work also.
How could we leave off George W Bush?
I'll leave him off.
Apparently apparently.
Pat Robertson.
Let's do this whole list deserves to be on
there.
Todd Smith.
Jerry Springer.
Mickey Rourk.
Hey, I'm just asking this to you.
It's too much to take.
Mickey Rourk.
Why didn't he arrest him for saying?
Mickey, my.
You mother.
I said come over here.
You suck around.
Knock you out.
That's what I said.
Slice the loan.
Van Diesel.
The John Claude God.
Van Dan.
Dick Vitale and Steven Segal.
There are a few misspellings on here.
Vitale needs an E and Steven Segal needs.
No, I and Mickey work needs a U.
But there you go.
Yeah, just taxing that whole bunch.
There's some good stuff on it.
Rush at the moment.
And one will put GW on there.
He might give Rush a run for his money.
What do you think?
I think so.
I think he might give a little contest there.
Okay, let's take one from Miami.
Hello.
Deal.
Yes, sir.
I do.
And we're going to rush with the rush limbar situation.
That's a pill.
But what he said about Donovan McNev.
And I'm not trying to defend Rush.
I think he's an asshole.
Yeah, there is a double standard.
I mean, if it was a.
I got you that we've been through that a million times.
Everybody's boring.
We know that five six seven oh five sixty.
That's just a chronic.
I can.
As soon as he says Neil, I know what's him.
Just chronic.
You know what I mean?
Neil yeah, because that same kind of like high pitched
like somebody squeezing his nuts with a vice five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on a AT&T and for Rise of Wireless Line.
Here's a call from West Palm Beach.
Hello.
West Palm Beach.
Yeah, yeah.
You there?
Yes, sir.
I'm right here.
Okay, listen, how come Rush Limbo
when they had that information last year to police then
bother to check it out?
Are they doing selective law enforcement?
Yeah, probably.
As far as Mr. Lowblow,
when the president, Mr. Ambocher,
gave him a.
Hey, listen, we're a great life pal.
What's left of it?
Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty.
Well, not stop putting these old cockers on here.
I will not talk to them.
Okay, I can't deal with it.
Anybody that's older than death.
If you're like death plus anything, fill in the blank.
Death plus.
Stop third, man.
That's just too old to me.
You know, 130.
I can't deal with it.
Boy, I get you must have been auditioning for a show, you think?
Here's Fort Pierce.
Hello.
Deal?
Yes, sir.
You are the King of all radio, Lynn.
Yes.
Anyway, I would like to vote in the interest of fair play for Sammy Sosa.
Sammy Sosa?
Yes.
Why do you think he's an asshole?
Because I don't care what he says.
When he stood up there, he said,
well, I take it like a man.
I admit it.
I was not good at admit it.
The bat was sitting there in front of everybody.
That's what's beyond me.
Anyway, yeah, I'd love to tell you about one movie, too.
And if you ever seen it, get your opinion.
Go ahead.
Well, thick as thieves.
Thick as what?
Thick as thieves with Alex Baldwin.
Yeah.
Have you ever seen it?
No, I have not.
You should run out and rent it immediately.
It's fantastic.
It's a great movie.
Is it a recent movie?
I came out 1999.
What never did anything at the box office?
I guess I am in the kitchen on HBO one night.
I bought the DVD.
I've seen it like four times.
It's like a Seas gangster movie with a revenge deal going on.
Okay.
Okay.
Thank you for having brought it.
That's a lot of pal.
One is Arnold.
He says he will stay focused.
He will keep fighting.
He denies the ever admired Hitler.
He says all he ever said was.
You might mention my name to rice master Gary.
That's all he ever said.
And there he is.
And they're just all faunting all over him and shaking.
I don't even want to be next to him.
California.
It's just you watch it and you like pinch yourself and you say
can this really, really possibly?
And then this quote they're showing on here on CNN is not accurate.
They show that line from the New York Times.
But they're not showing the one that followed it where the guy went back and said,
well, that wasn't the correct quote.
They're the sure they're taking that out of context.
That's not the line.
What's my line?
John Charles daily.
And now here's who that was on that show?
That piggy cast.
Who was Arlene Francis?
I don't want to get it.
I bet it surf.
She was very dependent surf as a matter of fact when he was alive, I think.
No, no, no, no.
She was very dependent surf.
She was married to the other guy.
I was on it with a big nose and a big head.
Take a bride would know.
She'll probably call.
I hope not.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
It is Arnold never happens again.
Yeah, never happens again.
We have like a moron governor of California.
We already had one.
In fact, we had two.
We had Jerry Brown.
We had the moon man, Jerry Brown, that lady.
And we had Ronald, but he forgets the experience.
He's trying to forget it.
I think it's working real well.
And now we got Arnold.
There's gay, a great Davis.
I did say that Schwarzenegger's comments were quote,
particularly offensive, but he is saying it's up to the voters to decide.
Oh, yeah, he's like, oh, I got nothing to say about anything.
Okay, you decide and we'll let all of this crap
pull through it out there and see if it sticks, you know.
I say, Cala, California,
she just operate without a governor.
Can't be any worse.
It's a nightmare.
Not like a good organized place like Florida.
Here's a adventurer.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
You know, my vote is for the guy you missed.
I'm very surprised Wayne Heisinger.
Oh, Wayne Heisinger is good.
I don't know why he was the number one on your list.
Oh, he's not in the same class with Bush and with the, with the rush.
Always he's close though.
Look what he did to the mall and yeah, look what he did with the player with that,
with that he really kind of into a building form and then he like bailed out.
That's right.
I have to run, but I love your show.
Thanks pal, good choice.
Baldi, Wayne Heisinger, let's get him on here.
Okay, let's not let all Wayne off though, even for all time's sake, okay?
Wayne Heisinger.
You're a real asshole, Wayne, and with a really bad complexion too.
It goes to show you no matter how much money you got.
You still, if you look like that, not much you can do about.
Chris need probably don't care.
Let's see.
Oh, Rosie O'Donnell.
Rosie O'Donnell, it says.
That's what it says.
What do you think?
Of course.
Well, sure, she's an asshole.
We know that and they despised all they got to do is see her
and they get like physically ill.
She's magnificent.
This list is going to build.
I can smell it.
Can you smell it?
That's just Rosie.
Maybe that's the screw and is it a building?
Boy, I wonder she's got that ancultor gonorrhea thing, you think?
That's a strami of her hanging pastrami thing.
Two L's in O'Donnell.
Yes.
Here's the call from Miami.
When is this?
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
What's happening?
Listen, I got one for your poll.
Okay.
John Henry.
John Henry.
Real little asshole.
Yeah, hey, listen.
Uh, you know, by the way, thanks to see the Red Sars taking it up the butt.
The boat is going to blow out the three in a row.
Hey Neil, check this out.
I lived in Gainesville for four years and when this whole
I think cotton stuff came out.
Let me tell you, those guys were we're holding up
washrings to take the I think cotton.
They didn't even count about the money.
They're bunch of junkies.
All they wanted is a damn pills.
Exactly.
I wonder if Russia's from there.
Got any?
Yeah, nobody got to do it.
You want to follow me?
Yeah.
Have have have a great weekend man.
Georgia, Georgia caught it back in a minute.
Star 69 sky.
Time.
See on the show, we love drugs.
Okay, we like prescription drugs.
We like non prescription drugs.
We like addictive drugs.
We like not addictive.
We don't pull any punches here.
Okay, we're not in honest pointing fingers.
I hide.
There's a lot of and of course my biggest drug thing is sugar.
I'll tell you that right now.
I'm addicted to it.
Kill you and buy it.
You can buy it.
Unfortunately, you can buy it over the counter.
You don't have to like have have your maids smuggling like any
an athlete's turtle ice cream.
Oh, by the way, give me any of Ben and Jerry's any fish food.
Give me a case.
It's the mother load.
Oh my god.
So now all of these pieces of this puzzle.
Because I never heard anybody talking about him being on a
diet or anything.
And all of us anywhere from a big gigantic tub of crap to like a
much, much smaller tub of crap.
And then the same thing with adhering.
Which he damn near went death pretty close to it.
I had to do that cochlear implant.
Don't say it again.
Oh no.
127 votes for Rush, but we don't have W on the list.
I guarantee he'll move up their faster and you can say a scandal.
290 votes on our second poll that earlier for
well did real well in the other poll.
We only had two people and we know who they both were who said
he's over the line.
They should just get off his damn ass.
Okay, the man is doing a great job for us.
He's a real lead in for the show.
He's even got most rate out a little bit somehow.
I think Mo just out of desperation.
Now I didn't notice when I made the suggestion in the beginning of the show
that Miguel or anybody else came running in there volunteering and saying,
oh that's a great idea.
I need to go right out there on the corner and to raise that $445
for abandoning per rescue before the day is how to get you to
30 grand.
30 grand.
Did I miss something?
Nope.
Oh.
445 bucks.
Now I realize it's lunch hour now which is sure.
And then of course we got the home kipper on monday so everybody becomes Jewish.
But it would seem to me that right there within the building we have quite a few
people who haven't helped us out yet who ordinarily do help us every year.
And they're probably waiting a little while to see if they can cash any bets
after losing their ass on the Huracans.
That cover in last night.
You know what I'm saying?
They're probably our people who could get it.
Well you know what I'm talking about.
We've got some folks around at building with a little bit of cash.
Right.
I'm not talking about that one sales department.
Right.
Some people that could write some,
check the sales department,
give together and help us with our 445 right now.
What about your check boats,
your free lenders that are making all that money off those of us on the air
and just raping that place?
God.
I wonder most always complain about getting raped in it.
Absolutely.
Provinous Pasinou in at 560 W2QM.
Hey it's that time of the year again in the fall when the furniture stores,
the mactore showrooms run those big glossy ads and they're all phony.
Because the automatrix wants you to think about it.
If you double the price and then say hey we're going to give 50% off,
is that really a deal?
Is it a sale?
Is it even we're talking about?
No.
The fact is those stores have to run a sale to drop their prices at lowest
as low as the automatrix sells them each and every day.
365 days.
You and then they still don't come close.
For real honest and goodness discount prices on the top names in the business.
Seely, surda, temperedic, Simmons, King Quill,
Stearns and Foster Hewitt.
You need to call tool free 1-800-Matres.
There's no BS, no nonsense, no bait and swish, no house brands,
no false promises and best of all,
you don't pay a single dime in premium for the best service going anywhere.
When you call dial amatrix at 1-800-Matres,
you still get to pick the day and time for delivery.
Any two hour windows, seven days a week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
like between 9.30 in the morning and 11.30 between 1.3 between 2.4,
between 3.15 and 5.15 etc.
And I guarantee you'll be sleeping like a baby the first night.
I've been sleeping on a mattress and dial amatrix for years
and all of our other people in the building with any brains are doing the same
thing with low prices.
Same day delivery, free setup and removal.
It's easy to see by dial amatrix's rank number one in the world for customer
satisfaction.
So don't get sucked in by those mattress,
your home's, the furniture store ads,
they're full of baloney.
They can't come close to match in the real great service and prices
you get every day from dial amatrix.
Pick up that phone right now if the old mattress is lumpy and bumpy and
had it and do your back a big favor.
Call 1-800-Matres 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S
or check them out online at matrius.com
or check them out online at matrius.com
We're support radio 560-UAM
Oh that has really please go away
Find a new way to attack up a big go home
and eat your whole homes
until you explode
just like your fat fat chugged in ladies
have to bite your seats on a plane
he's been in the fingers that have yellow stains from
sea tools, can't see your tools
after Diggy Poon knows
how to be fat disgusting and tasty
oh
you make the shudder women smile
they like a cow who's crad and fancy
thinks they'll be fat so repulsive and mild
your body cheese smells like a grandpa
after it was occupied by a pass learned
us you want to get into your car
got your two got them why
I can squeal I can squeal
I can squeal fat lady
living with your lover less mean
slaver and it's gotten the tree
between her feet
mashed potato yeast
smells fishy to me
happened a mature that's moist and tasty
I got another one by the way
I must get crazy I must be not
nobody got him how about misfudge
okay Matt Rudge
can't stand her and her work is nauseating and revolting
and nothing but a byproduct of the
manipulation it goes on behind the scenes
he's been manipulated and he don't even enjoy it
oh I think it does
does he like it rich or melonscape
has manipulating 134 for rush but the good
those is George W just went on there like
seconds ago is already got six now that made out
sound real close but oh wait just you wait
and see am I right? oh absolutely
I'm going to change my vote
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line
as a matter of fact now misfudge puts these
during this dramatic headline oh
national acquires set on that story for
two years and they explain the reason
they waited on the stories they had the information
but the reason they had because
they they weren't a hundred percent positive
till the police actually began an investigation
they wanted to just put a bunch of crap and they were in smears somebody
until they deserved to be smeared and they had proved
that there was a a semational crap
that the police were buying into it which they are
and there's all the emails right there
and there's all the and they got the audio tape
let's go to the audio tape
where's Warner Wilhelm we need him
Fort Lauderdale hello
hey I'm Wilhelm yes sir
hey great show thank God it's Friday
right now Russ is explaining everything on his show
is he
is he funny a show in radio right now
and you're going to lose it?
is he messing up to doing the drugs
he said he wants to put everything together
before he comments
he got a story straight
he wants to wait for the other shipment to come
maybe before he opens his big mouth again
I got to go to brother I got to catch the other show
but go Marlon's here
I think I might tune out and listen to that
yeah let's start to enter rush what do you say
no
what was in the party
I'll slap a top back to you
5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon mark
here's another rush looker right there
another right wing ditto head
no we answered like the cars we were getting yesterday
it was really amusing the first hour like all setup calls
yeah I don't like it actually
I don't know if his nirical bits they've called in
like you said it was like a daisy chain
here's Evan Tura
hello
yeah purchase 40 dollars
with your product
thank you
one guy his name comes to mind
has really turned into a right wing piece of third
his guy who used to be pretty funny
down the middle of the now is to become a total shield
that's Dennis Miller
he's gotten so bad that they're actually
taunting him as the next candidate on a California run call
yeah I had that run a couple of days ago they run him
for senate against rubber bonkers
he opens for bush on the road
you know like he's even the 80%
of the type of thing
on that kid he's turned into a complete shield
and he's this is a working class guy from Pittsburgh
he can't complain about his sense of humor
though because generally speaking he don't have one
he used to be pretty funny very drive but he was down there
not anymore
he's totally bought in he's like a
complete suck up the ash cross in the rest of the gang
it's nauseating
of course you don't you don't really find too many funny
Nazis around you know it's kind of like an oxy
con and actually more on well i told you screener
officer dot i'm it's but he died 20 years ago
i would put him in the same editor
but no exactly for everyone forgot to tell him
and he has healthy grammars making noises about running
hey is there nobody normal who can like run
for public office in that state no
okay thanks
thanks a lot pal i have a great weekend
i'm telling you
i got the answer right now governor of
California it's not too late the election eight
until the seventh today's only the what is it
second third what is it
third got the answer we give it to you the other day
yeah he's got the right contacts
and keep in mind that ABC owns the spn
i just put that you know they're like in bed together
they're all the same organization
you know the ones that put that fat ass on a year
that pill popper
here's a call from Palm Beach hello
hey yes sir
yeah
yeah
hey
you said the W on about 10
15 minutes ago and i don't think you caught it
but i think you said
i saw
yeah three countries don't produce weapons
and mass destruction
right like the US
what do we protect ourselves with smart guns
pop guns
yeah
yeah
yeah
uh... flick that i think you should catch it's about terrarto
it's called booz can have you ever seen it
no booz can
it's about a guy who runs like a legal race
and uh... it's
uh... it's just one of those movies you watch and it's done before you finish it
you're just wondering what the hell wasn't all about it
it's classic it's about the underground terrarto scene with it
they don't even sell any booz it's all about the uh... the drugs and all this crap up in there and
it's just a in our hero
is followed by a bad cop the whole
the whole show is brother Odide in his booz can
and the cop happens to be uh... he's got a little love buddy that he keeps on heroin in a sandbox in his bedroom
it's classic and he feeds them like he did the initial scene he gives them like a
pepkin the kid thinks it's junk so he crawls in the sandbox with an even they're trying to sniff in the
ends of the cop burning and the cop ends up getting his in the end too
oh right in the end you know
you know what that's all about
okay thanks a lot of pali booz can get right on it
i'm gonna go out and get one a saffron
how come you don't have bill or rally on your list of well you we do now yeah
you know it's interesting a lot of people uh... qualify for a lot of these different lists
we try to like you know mix and match and shake the polls up a little bit
someone you think is an asshole and you hate their work we did yesterday somebody you think is an
asshole but you love their work and i want to hands down
hands down your pants
but somebody think is an asshole and hate their work
rush has got one thirty seven let's take a look at the way this is shaping up now see if W is going to
give me run for his money
yeah he's climbing fast is he climbing it?
oh yeah moe has got forty five howard sperm and thirty three
you got twenty one
like that you just hopped ahead of the hump
twenty each out and grab him hopper before it gets away
forage W is got eleven i got ten
Russell Crowe eight nil Gibson six Steve came
mr. egos six that's his whole audience
Robert Downey junior five Jerry Lewis five Greg Reed three Phil Collins three Bill Gates three
a pair for Rosio Donnell a big fat ugly pair
Van Diesel's got a pair
one for Jean Claude Van Dan Pat Robertson Wayne
Hi Pinga Jerry Springer sliced alone and no votes yet for a whole bunch of people
Potsmith Steve Segal Sammy Sosa Dick by tell
Steve Segal and Dick by tell
and a partridge and a pair of three Mickey work
well guess who's going to say the national anthem of the game today Scott
who's that
well let me now give Georgia clue
the guy with the eyes he's not the one who's going to sing it but that's the clue
Marty Feldenville
no the guy with the eyes our guy with the eyes
yeah favorite group oh no
not David Cassidy yes
now the audience is probably wonder how the hell did he ever get it from that clue
how to connect five dots well he's a big partridge family family
oh yeah he's all the publicity blow up down hey watch out David for the guy with the eyes
okay paint his ass like that bus
like that yellow bus right and probably has it on our Danny Bono douche bag
blow up down for the weekends
a guarantee he don't have no Susan Day one
yeah something rhymes with Day
here's Key Largo hello
yeah
Key Largo yes sir
hey what's happening now I got to tell him
someone to nominate for your poll
okay
Hillary Rotem Quinn
okay
yeah she is a big sense
if she's done any work I don't know about it
but I guess hobb not with uh politicians is her work and I hate her for it
okay good choice I like it
I love you Sean you the thanks a lot Polly
by the way my advice to everybody don't waste your money on that book I read a couple of pages on here
and I couldn't stomach it anymore it's right here you want it
I'll just hand it to you right through the radio give your free copy I don't want I don't want to
even see that I got possession of it it's too embarrassing
only one thing we can really say about Hillary call her that's fucking bitch yeah
by the way Robert Kardashian died yesterday we mentioned that on the show but I just
mentioned again in passing oh jays a personal attorney before all these other hot shots came in
the dream team yeah no we'll never find that night the dream team
oh this is what America has been reduced to the freaking dream team
and the Deon Sanders prime time tour
everything is like is like stupid you know
if you have any kind of intellect if you have an IQ larger than your small toe on your right foot
then uh right you're you're out you know odd man you're the odd man out as they say here
because everything that's in is stupid like Arnold for example I slow example deal thank you like Arnold
because dumb is in perfect timing Arnold couldn't have run at a better time to be governor
California hello
oh it can't really be happening tell me I'm sleeping
26 past noon you know something you're right you're gonna win the eight bucks
I know it because it doesn't make any he could hold a press conference right now come on say eight
all Hitler was I like his meat seasonings eight all if he makes the best tenderizer go in anywhere
I love eight all and I hate women and I can't stand in it just a piece of ass that I want to abuse and use and bang
their brains out and and he give more votes he could go step march out wearing the Hitler costume
he could do around the bitch in California he probably get like double the votes
God you're right he's in I'll tell you what else is in Halipontiak that's right they're uh in Vogue again
well I haven't for a long time 35 years and I've got forsaken town and the reason they've been around so long is because they treat you right
keep your unbeatable deals like the 2003 Neil Rogers blowout sale let's have it in right now at Halipontiak GMC
our good Pisons Tom Lehman Joe Prado and all of the folks at Halipontiak giving you the lowest prices in town like
Neil Deal number one save yourself up to seven grand with the highest rebates of the year plus get deep deep down into your pockets
discounts and all remaining 2003 models including the Yukon and the Onvoy Excel
Neil Deal number two gets 0% financing for up to five years at Halipontiak and listen to this you can lease a fully loaded
2004 Grand Prix GT for only 259 bucks a month for 36 months you get 12,000 miles a year and you pay only
20, 2500 bucks out of pocket you can't beat it and of course Halips also got an unbeatable select and certified pre-owned cars
trucks and SUVs if you're a little bit leery about shopping for a car because when they ask for your credit report
it's got a blimmers here to want it like your ass no problem credit is rarely a problem at Halipontiak
because they want to work with you to get you a deal it's the 2003 blowout sale going on right now at Halipontiak GMC
13401 South Dixie highway that's US one across from the falls open every day seven days a week
for more info call the Neil Deal hotline they'll explain it to you answer all your questions
1-885-344-211 that's 1-885-344-211 don't forget all these amazing Neil deals are subject to credit approval
C-2-Befosit Haliporti details at Halipontiak GMC you can't beat him with a stick because they are professional grade
C-2-Befosit Haliporti details at Halipontiak GMC you can't beat him with a stick because they are professional grade
C-2-Befosit Haliporti details at Halipontiak GMC you can't beat him with a stick because they are professional grade
C-2-Befosit Haliporti details at Halipontiak GMC you can't beat him with a stick because they are professional grade
C-2-Befosit Haliporti details at Halipontiak GMC they don't want you to know about the globalist assholes
Bang from the whole denation the economy took a crap getting slaughtered in our racket
I'm a push-decade of traders all the people that want to know there's only one way to go
You gotta regen newspapers but no
But it can't be about no money they just want to be in front of that TV thinking what happens to them and going to be happening to me
But it can't be about no money they just want to be in front of that TV thinking what happens to them and going to be in front of that TV thinking what happens to them and going to be in front of that TV thinking what happens to them and going to be in front of that TV thinking what happens to them and going to be in front of that TV thinking what happens to them and going to be in front of that TV thinking what happens to them and going to be in front of that TV thinking what happens to them and going to be in front of that TV thinking what happens to them and going to be in front of that TV thinking what happens to them and going to be in front of that TV thinking what happens to them and going to be in front of that TV thinking what happens to them and going to be in front of that TV thinking what happens to them and going to be in front of that TV thinking what happens to them and going to be in front of that TV thinking what happens to them and going to be in front of that TV thinking what happens to them and going
to be in front of that TV thinking what happens to them and going to be in front off TV thinking what happens to them and going to be in front of transform the camera
these polls it's the rush byster the pill popper the hypocrite 5 6 7 0 5 what
about the ionic breeze you know anybody ever ordered one of those from
Sharper image nope I see that add on I just wrote down a utility number from
Sharper image I'm thinking ordering one of those don't because huh don't why not
everything in the Sharper images twice the price of wherever it is
like 150 bucks you find anything that they have anywhere else perhaps the
price or 60% of their price okay oh we're gonna have this honored again he's
is going to be governor of California and push he's disputing reports he wants
expressed aberration for adult Hitler right we believe you honor whatever you
say we believe it because you're married to Maria Schriver and she's got to
keep an earth chin up here's a call from alto Springs huh thank you sir
yes sir all right you talk about the obvious the watch I give you a
street flying term for them so you can tell like you know talk about yeah yeah
the home hospice or O.C. okay I think you can but I'll have the poll how about
warrior Stefan warrior Stefan you hate her antirvork good to a choice
had a bad echo on that phone okay let's get some O.C.s and let's stand for
over the counter right thought Gloria Stefan huh what can you imagine if you could
buy those over the counter Russia be hoppin over the counter he'd be climbing
over it give me the goddamn O.C.s man I got a prescription here dammit I should
read the whole thing again I like that a lot oh I was vibrating if anybody else
missed the Rush Lambo see it and then like that punk that called other one was
did it oh get off a roast you do you really believe this time and even my
close friend for well that we're like going to bat for a big time giving me that
crap on a crossover this morning about you leave believe this made like the
he thinks the acquires like the the tatler and the weekly world news and he's
other now the acquirer is worried about the credibility man and also about
getting sued right things like that little minor things like that which isn't
to say they're betting 100% but if they are waiting all this time to put it
in there and then the police started to guide them probe for legit and they
have all the tapes and they got all the email the emails are right in there all
their stories are fully vetted you bet you bet I like my bets for example here
here's the emails they got three four six eight nine of them here's one dated
Wednesday of 21st 2001 from Wilma Klein to private I'm waiting for my contact
to drop off he has not contacted me and I can't get a hold of him all I have
is 50 on hand and here's the response from Marshall Limbaugh at private dot
obesity and broadcasting network dot com to Wilma Klein subject ray not good
god damn I replied immediately after you wrote this morning you say you didn't
get that get it when are you leaving and can I persuade you to delay dammit
then she responds I got a I see this is another date January 3rd 2002 I got a
thousand big blues his response to that on the same day holy moly okay give me
some idea if you're available to eat today's last night I got a thousand big
blues here's another one from him to her January 16th 2002 and keep a sharp
buy out for some small blue babies April 1st 2002 you can keep me posted
during the show emails not a distraction see because you don't have to hear
email you can actually see it so I've been out there he's waffling is what the
guy said before when I was so desperate breakfast to turn back one of the
another one of those little heads what the rup the rup the rup the rup the rup he
ain't gonna talk he's not gonna be any honest answers he just keeps giving
to that that standard thing well I don't know if any investigation that's
going on and I have been informed of any of police investigation or any
other interrogation all the other crap but what does that have to do with the
hypocrite phony bullcrap artist here's Miami hello hey how you doing now pretty good
I'm over Miami today I want to come over to like maple stuff I miss I used to live
what's called beach I enjoy your show but uh... in addition to you this should be
the ascroft or that uh... and coca bitch well you see but when you see you
hate their work I mean we don't want to put all the political people I never have
like a lot of the ascroft isn't really political is this not the
you're right
and also was hitler he was a he was a nazi politician
right and call
i'm going to work with and culture because uh... otherwise if we put if we put
on
uh... uh... ask for them we got to put rumsfeld on here we got to put all
those other you know
and colder belongs and her cuz she's a star she's a celebrity
oh absolutely uh... hey to work and i talk to her couple times that she just
i get under her skin and she just all hang out just like my galica
i've been banned from this show for a good
all good
or you know groupie from the west coast
cross and culture off
that she don't fit in with this uh... group here today enjoy your hate their work
what work was you doing any work no she's just a ava brown junior that's all
she's working at pastrami dripping bitch
now it's his and now you notice that it is not really moving up to the way you
thought i think rush may be in the course this will be up all weekend long
someone you think is an asshole
and you hate their work is rush limbaugh hundred and forty nine
mohauer david forty eight moh you can't uh... you can't lick rushes ass
howard stern thirty four
George w twenty eight i mean i grant you we just put him on their while ago but
he's he's not like zooming up you know he had that initial rush i mean initial
burst
George Rodriguez twenty three
hank goldberg twenty you're pulling away from the humber
i got eleven
Russell crow's got eight mister ego steve can's got seven s's audience plus one
milgipson six
rubber down a junior jury Lewis and Rosio down on five
Wayne high pingu's got four
paint your balls pot Wayne
three votes each for Greg read bill gates pat Robertson fill columns
of these people have a pair
a pair for vandexal miki work
pod Schmidt
and one for sliced alone john clog god damn sammies so so
jury springer and that's it nobody else had gotten on even hill we don't have
done yet
while
like the bluer said in time
in time
all you gotta see the actresses and the uh... the uh... the dbd version with the
extra scenes in everything in there
while we're just a little spring things those toys that we used to have a
hundred years ago that was slenky's that would go like up to stairs you know
that's what he's doing in there
and the one thing where she's like one backwards down the upstairs with her
headlight turned around by by aspect work making a flinkety sound
love the excesses baby
i think i'm losing my religion
and of course the michael's that comes in that barney find out it's a gay bar
twenty-till one and they figure out we're right at home
i wish i had the omens brothers and brambler man i know i got it here somewhere
there you go
and one of my group i have the omens brothers and my drars
he attention on your horse racing that's out there pomp and opa kicks off its
forty-a-th anniversary season starting next Friday out toberteno week from
the night and it's pretty exciting
the track will feature top-class nighttime horse racing high stakes poker
and like dick finder go with says if you love her poker
there's a new post-time a seven o'clock p.m. for the harness races
and the poker room will be open from noon till midnight every day that we have
live racing
pomp and apart is also open seven days and nights a week featuring the best
simlecasting going harness through bread high life all across north america
for you to watch and plunge your guts on and don't forget the general parking
and admission are always free
at pomp and apart softwood is favorite word
free and new this season is a twenty percent increase in purses which means
we're going to have some outstanding racing
a nightly giveaway of a four hundred dollar betting voucher and a revamped free
there is again power play rewards program that gives you points for either
betting the horses are playing poker
so you can redeem for special gift and betting vouchers free there is again
and opening night next Friday the first five hundred fans at pomp and apart age
eighteen older
will get a free there is again
two dollar pick for wager plus its family fun night next Friday a live radio
broadcast with some slip and drugs to get into a money machine with a thousand
dollars inside or you can win seascaped in or accrues tickets to so whatever you
do make a put it on your counter right now market down your calendar George
okay x marks the spot next Friday October 10
seven o'clock first post-time at pomp and apart for opening night for the
40th anniversary celebration
pomp and apart the block started landing for the party for the new race schedule
for the simulcast schedule call nine five four nine seven two two thousand
or check them on the web at pomp and apart
dot com and plunge your guts up
sports radio five sixty two eight
you
you
r
everybody
of
the
rescued
uh...
of
do
She's a perfect match to you who likes to flash her pants in you
When she don't have those on you
She's hanging like the straw me on right
A culture's rancid snap
A culture's rancid snap
Imagine what you can catch
From a culture's snap
Gonna be upon you
Scratches with a brush
She's found her although
And Bill Marbott, you'll never get drugged
A culture's rancid snap
A culture's rancid snap
A swirling pool of crap
A culture's rancid snap
Using fungared boister
Making out her voice there
Walking with the gildo
Burbly gamutide of her butt
A culture's rancid snap
A culture's rancid snap
A culture's rancid snap
A culture's rancid snap
You think she ever owned a dog named Patch
1246 and 560
Here's the pool idea I think you like this
Over the years this is for a future time
Over the years which celebrity do you think has aged the best?
Now the ones I got here John Stamos
He's doing these spots not in one or two but he looks basically pretty good
Brad Pitt and Sophia Loren
Barbara Eden
Well that's not through it now but I mean there's four to start
But just put it in the back on the back burner
Is Barbara Eden?
Not yet, just wait till I get my shoes at the Eden Center
5667056 here's a fact from Christopher this is a very revelatory facts
Well I like the way I said that
And I should point out before we just found out
That's a very tricky thing
Blow
So first of all the polls suggest that Richard Dreyfus I hardly agree in fact I'd like to change my vote
Not only is he a cancerous polyp on the anus of humanity but he's also the most overrated actor I've ever seen
I mean many people consider him to be great in what?
Not anything I've ever seen him in I definitely hate his work he'll get my vote
Thanks Chris that's a good choice
Richard Dreyfus got it, got it he blows
Yeah just spies that man
And that close encounters of the third kind was enough to make me want to hop on the ship and get the hell out of here
And then he goes on to say here's the crux of Christopher's facts
I have to tell you about the assholes at the hurricane game last night
I was there and I love the hurricanes and I'm ashamed of how poorly they played
Some players were talking on their cell phones on the sideline
We're going back to the lawless Jimmy Johnson Dennis Erickson years very rapidly unfortunately
But I'm infinitely more ashamed of the assholes in the stands
Not only my fellow hurricane fans but also my fellow software radians
From the assholes who ran out of the field of the assholes who were manhandling a young woman while many people were chanting
Rip off her top rip off her top to the maniac who was yelling
Release the effa hounds over and over again
They phony British accent at the top of his lungs screaming at little kids screaming at old people
Screaming at the cops who came up to warn him to shut up and didn't arrest her victim of course
And especially to the jerks who high-fied this guy and the guy on the way out after we escaped by the hair on our ass
Holy crap Christopher says no wonder everybody hates us
Maybe there's a self-help clubstep program for things like this
I love my alma mater but I don't think I want to be associated with pretens like the ones in the stands
Yesterday hanging my head and shame says Christopher how do you like that?
Thanks for your refreshing honesty Christopher and you are absolutely correct
bunch of losers
Here's another this is not worth reading
Not worth reading about the chimeless wonders
I hear they play a good Dutch in ball Arnold and Maria 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18t and Verizon wireless line
Here's Miami hello
Yes sir
I have a vote for your poll
Okay even though he's insignificant little weasel at the city George
He's already on there
Okay he's already on there so keep your weasel comments to yourself okay Ansel
What's the need for that do we need that already on there so go for it on the a finger this guy probably can afford a piece of
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18t got a lot of open lines now they're probably all over there
With that crap you know which wouldn't surprise me that's okay
We can hang out and I also notice I didn't hear anybody come or announcement from you guys
Anybody came rushing in with a check for a band of pet rescue did you say rushing rush in in no no
You're very nice but no wonder you have a radio show well I mean mad dogs out at the ballpark and hangs off today and
Who else could be around but I mentioned the sales department specifically I bet you some of them are in the building right now sitting around filling their fat faces
Yeah but what does this charity have to do with sports
What does this show have to do with their income a lot?
Is that so much to ask for 445 bucks?
4 bucks for a band in pet rescue I'm serious 445 bucks we ought to be be able to raise that in a building in 10 minutes
Just whip out those checkbooks and let's go okay get us to the over that 30 mark 30,000 be a nice way to end this week
It would be a shock to me too because we really were you know crawl them along
Be a beautiful thing but is it gonna happen no
Because once again like always now duck gave us a nice check the other day couple hundred two fifty I think
That was good that was a good start for anybody else in the building help us out yet no no
Like a few bucks a nickel no quarter penny pennies from heaven pennies from mirror nothing or
5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's a call from Miami Buenos Dardes
Yes sir
Hey I've all some of the money
What is it?
Summer
Summer?
Summer your mama
Some of this
Some of this and some of that okay
5 670 560 pound 560 I mean don't put yourselves out okay I don't want you to you know strain because the weekend is here
Just take it real slow get on your hands and ease pop a couple of or oxy cottons that'll pep you up
Here's Miami hello
Yeah Neil
Yes sir I got one for you
I don't get everybody worked up in a frenzy nor cross
You hate him?
I hate him like poison
Okay
You got a man
I think you worked for a whole people doesn't he get everybody the foam coming get you going bottle that chip from all the time
Yeah I think yeah
Oops yeah I think we all hit it that time didn't we even I hit it I took a hit
Yeah let's have another hit rush what do you say?
Brian or cross good choice he hates him like poison and what he was trying to say before we got a little curious when we had a dump him
Is he thinks he's on a homo cross a depot payroll?
Isn't that it?
The homo depot
Yeah that's right go get your and in fact we probably ought to get our viscuine to induct tape while we're there
And I'll apply wood for that next base storm there is a big storm out there but it's like
Way up there in the middle Atlantic and it's going up north you might hit St. John's or something like that if we get it luck
56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line I guarantee if you look there a door will open right now with next few seconds
And there will be a line of people out there with their checkbooks out waiting them actually
Hey, we want to put Neil over that 30 grand body in the week just to show him how much we appreciate the phenomenal job
He does with those big ratings and like goose in the saw up and making us all this money every and millions of dollars of profits
Indicute women a beastly broadcasting thing here. They'll be lined up out there in a hallway. Do you believe me? No
Here's a call from Marguide. Hello
Pretty good
Canadian citizen living down here south Florida. All right
My mom's the same job. Well you got to get a same job. No, it's just it just happens to be worthy of thing if it goes due north
It's like in the but it's not going to happen. It's a storm out there. It's not much there to hit anyway. You're right
You're asking about the on a breeze anybody calls about it. I was I know they have you're the you're the first one. It's it's a great thing that you got to get one for every room.
I try to make you think that you can get to them for the whole house and you have to be living in a porta pot if that was a case.
But they have to get a second second mortgage if you want to go on for your room in a house. My God those things are like 350 bucks. Now you can get them in the TV.
Get to them for I think it's a buck 69 and they've only a couple little ones for the bathrooms. Oh really? Yeah, 169 dollars you get to them. I got four of them. They work great. They're awesome. You got to clean up. Yeah, but you just wipe them off of the cloth, right?
Yeah, that's it. A white cloth. They work great. When in doubt you wipe it out. If you still had the little one that takes real good. Yeah, I sure do.
All right, you know, it's all I got. Thanks a lot, pal. I have a great day. All right, bye. Okay. Now what is this from George?
Now this isn't from you. No, from another George. I see a Jorge does a couple.
Uh, well, who is this inside the building? Well, what is that? I don't understand. Oh, I see it's our it's our sponsor at cleaner restoration. I see.
Says yes, we'll be back and Ray Ionic breeze for God's sake. Don't buy that piece of Schmidt. Email me or an Alex playing. Huh? There you go. Email.
Well, I mean, George is obviously in a business. He doesn't want me to buy that thing and they'll be back on with us. We love them and they're great and they ought to.
And maybe he'll help me not that I have any big problem here. I don't have no allergies. Thanks to my allegory every day.
But I don't care where you live like down here. You got all the mold in here and the hot human and everything. And up north you've got like oak and element grass and all this other stuff. A lot of grass. Really?
I'll be right there out there in the streets. They're all smoking it.
Limble swept Ontario by the way. How do you like that? All of North America's turned to fascism. I proudly say. How's it going? I love saying that.
5.6. And by the way, speaking of fascist, O'Malley calls gay marriage a threat to who waiting, waiting into the pubic debate over same sex marriage.
Boston Archbishop Sean P. O'Malley has today pulled a group of religious leaders that any redefinition of marriage must be seen as an attack on the common good and a threat to the American family already under siege because of the.
The archbishop in his first out by the way, Casey, too, they late because I realize people, you know, not everybody can listen all day long.
But we did have an important call on the bad line in the early part of the show from the Holy Father and the Pope said.
I'm dying on the earth. The archbishop at his first extensive marks on the issue since he was installed in the center of the Boston Archbishop in July after they dumped carton of laws ugly ass.
All the members of our community, regardless of their religious persuasion or their sexual orientation, to realize what is at stake and will pose any attempt to alter the definition of marriage to alter boy that definition of marriage.
Now can a priest marry an alter boy? That's okay. And I wonder how they form that holy union together.
5.6.7.560 pound. 5.6. on the AT&T. See, this is another thing. The Hutzboda Catholic Church. He's urging the rest of the community.
See, why should anybody, the rest of the community, listen to the archbishop of Boston or the Pope or the rabbi or any of these people?
Okay. If it ain't your fairy tales, what, what, mine your own business, okay? But not the Catholic Church, man.
They can't stop sticking in those and aborn again Christians, the same crap and the Orthodox Jews, the same baloney.
Like Jew Lieberman, by the way, in the good news is he's doing crappy in a poll. There's a big article. I didn't voice their space on our website with it today.
But he's doing squat. I think. And you know where he's got a shot speaking of squat is real. The only place where he's like even in the area is Oklahoma.
Because they haven't figured out his idea to wait till they find out.
12.5.7.560 WQM. If you're looking to replace that tired old carpeting in your home, let me tell you about Lamanitz Arust.
They're the easy low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring, which is beautiful, but it costs you an arm in four legs.
Lamanitz Arust is the best place for you to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in the universe. They got them all. Peridor, Perigal, Wilson Art, Uniflor, and Quick Step. What did I say? You got it.
And all of Lamanitz Arust's flooring is installed by Pergo Certified Instaulers too.
Here's another reason why you ought to be calling these people an absolutely nobody else because their prices are so astonishing low that they'll probably...
...floor you.
Right now you can get their fall special for just $1495. That's right. Let me say it again.
Just $1495 gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring. It is positively unbelievable.
Lamanitz Arust will match any legitimate written off for two. How can you beat that? For a free no obligation in a home estimate call Lamanitz Arust tool free at 1-877-773336.
If you want to make it to piece a cake they make it so easy. How can you possibly turn this down? They give you free carpet disposal, free furniture moving, a 25 year warranty, and years and many years of beautiful easy care
laminated wood flooring. Call them today and tell them that crusty old needle toy did you call Lamanitz Arust tool free 1-877-773336.
My My and Lowell this is 4205 City. You ain't too a...
...Makra Volkstra and this is the one to two hour.
Well I know my sister all my life. That is why she's now my wife. And I think my son may know it's true. He's my nephew too.
Well my daddy is my uncle Joe. My mother is my dear Anne Floyd. It is very plain to see my first cousin is me.
Alright!
That is amazing you could not be over the goddamn feather. Here's a call from Miami Beach. Hello.
Hey Neil! Yes sir. Mr. Showman. No one else on the radio is good. That's her damn sure.
Hey I got somebody for the pole. That barber striped Anne's.
Can't stand her and you despise that what she calls that music.
Yeah that's not music and then the goal she has to go in front of people at universities and lecture them on politics is just absurd.
And the cross-dise don't forget in the big nose. That's offensive as well.
Okay thank you pal. Wait one more thing. Yes sir go ahead.
Yes sir. How do you get that the oxy-continus causing rush limbaugh to loses hearing?
Because the those kinds of drugs where the hell why to do that article? Those pink-hillon drugs that's one of the side effects.
Hmm. Alright. That's not bad.
Because it's called Hilbert E. Heroin so it must be in the bucket in the family. It must be in the same family.
That's new to me man. I'm a doctor. It's new to me.
I read the article and just make it up. It was in the early times.
Alright.
Don't pop too many man.
Take care.
Okay.
He's a doctor. He's that. Yeah.
Are we still right now?
Well he's just changed. He's doing a little research. He wants to try to end up. He's checking it out.
I should always research your drugs. Right exactly.
56670560.
Pound 560 on a AT&T of Verizon wireless line. Lost all of that weight.
Luzon is hearing almost to the point of being death before they did that cochlear implant.
And what can I tell you?
It's just all bunch of coincidences that could happen. Right?
And it's a, you know, scam.
What do you mean by that?
It's a liar.
Oh that's right.
He just made it up and he inquirer made it up and the whole world is up to get rush.
And not to get the W and not to get anybody else.
It's right. It's right.
A liberal conspiracy.
Someone you think is an asshole and you hate their work is rush limbaugh 159.
Nobody is touching rush yet.
Moe Howard David at 52 George W is 43.
I thought he'd be zoomed up. There he's not.
Howard Stern 34.
George Rodriguez 27.
Tank Goldberg is stuck on 20.
The O'Rodgers 14.
I'm at least in double digits.
Russell Crowe 8.
Rosio Donald and Steve Kane have seven of peace ever seen together.
No. Same person.
Pat Robertson 6.
Wayne Heisenga and Mel Gibson each have six.
Safe.
Jerry Lewis, Robert Downey Jr. have five of peace.
Four for Phil Collins and Hillary.
And three for Mickey work.
Greg Reed Bill Gates.
And the others.
So that even we're talking about yet.
Right? When you agree?
Yes.
Sure.
GOP Senator says,
as a cropped should consider recuse along lead crow, a probe.
And of course he is absolutely correct.
John Ascroff came under increasing pressure yesterday to recuse himself from the CIA leak investigation.
With one senior Republican senator saying the attorney general should consider doing so.
Now I still don't know how you pronounce her name.
Plame, Plame.
I believe it's Plame.
Plame.
You said that yesterday so must be Plame.
Must be.
Ask whether one house politically Carl Rose history as a political advisor to ask croftoring is who will be the tour of a guber in a tour on Senate campaigns.
We're grounds for the attorney general to step away from the case.
Senator Arlen Specter.
That I remember Bush inspector.
Yes.
Said recusal is something ascrop that a consider now little background on Senator Specter.
By the way, he believes in magic and witchcraft obviously.
Because he was a member of the Warren Commission back in 1960, whatever it was.
Investigating the assassination in President Kennedy and he's the one that concocted that magic bullet theory.
It was this bullet that was like ricochet and it was off the president's head and off the dash and off the governor kindly's ass and off Uranus and all to the place.
This is and then the best part of it is that same bullet was on the stretcher at Parkland Hospital in Dallas and it was pristine.
Oh my god.
It was as pristine and clean as some old queen.
I mean it was amazing.
Something as clean as bushes.
And now he's a member of the Senate.
You see this? And of course Gerald Ford was also on the Warren Commission and one day he became president.
Dumber than sawdust.
Dumber than Dan Quail.
Dumber than W if that's possible.
He was right in there.
I mean the whole line about him was he couldn't walk and chew gum at the same time.
That's always a real great.
Of course nobody elected him.
Right.
When Dick Nixon gave that famous wave goodbye, you know.
I'm not a crook.
He was interesting and he gave a provided a lot of fun.
But he's long gone.
He's dead.
Anyway, so that's the deal now as they're saying.
I asked Croft out of the other.
The Justice Department announced this week at launch of criminal investigation to who leaked the name of CI operative Valerie Plame plane in the July column.
Who's the who's husband is former ambassador Joseph Wilson?
Who accused the White House of leaking his wife's identity because he was critical of the Bush administration's handling of people or intelligence on Iraq and he was absolutely right.
At one point Wilson said rove was the leaker but he sent back the way from that charge saying rope condoned the leak and did nothing to stop it.
And what we did the thing yesterday about all the conflict of interest with the ass croft and a couple of others there in the boon in the bush boon.
And isn't it something that you notice how this is all fitting together now just dawned on me now even I'm a little slow.
I guess we're overwhelmed with the rush pill popping stuff but the thing with Arnold and the Nazi it fits in like a glove and that sure we got Nazis everywhere.
No kidding.
I think I think what we ought to have Bokobry if you're listening we got a few Nazis songs.
How about instead of assholes on parade which I played earlier.
How about Nazis on parade?
If you're a state head or was supremacist you know that the forces pulling the strings in the government are closing down on all those great websites we've become accustomed to.
Well we still have the US Postal Service to rely on.
Oh wait that's fine.
Other problems remain for this radio broadcaster law enforcement sources say it's unclear if the model faces any charges
stemming from an investigation of illegal prescription painkillers.
It's in a national correspondence isn't candy-odd as the latest.
You go girl.
Law enforcement sources tell CNN rush limbaugh has surfaced in an ongoing probe into the black market sale of prescription painkillers including oxycontin and hydrocodone in Florida.
The drugs can only be legally obtained with a doctor's order for example oxycontin.
It's four or five times stronger than heroin.
Like I said then that's one of its selling.
You're too much to know what is forgetting.
Authorities say they became aware of limbaugh when his former housekeeper Wilma Klein who worked for limbaugh at his ocean front Palm Beach home came to them with secretly recorded tape conversations.
She said she had with limbaugh about drug buys.
A law enforcement source as investigators are convinced the voice on the tapes belongs to the conservative talk show host.
Our law enforcement sources limbaugh's former housekeeper claim she met with him at this gas station and other public places to make some of the drug deals over a four year period.
The woman claims she was paid about $200,000 for the pills.
Limbaugh issued a statement that does not directly deny he illegally bought drugs.
Quote, I am unaware of any investigation by any authorities involving me.
No government representative has contacted me directly or indirectly.
If my assistance is required in the measure I will of course cooperate fully.
In 2001 limbaugh talked with listeners about taking legally prescribed drugs to treat his hearing problem.
Quote, you would not believe the medications that are flowing through me in an attempt to reverse this.
I am popping pills, I am shooting up stuff, I have never done stuff like this before.
Right. It is such a attempt at the tea pot.
Drug allegations surface the same day limbaugh talked about his split from ESPN.
Limbaugh said he quit to blunt the up air over his remarks about Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Donovan McNabb, suggesting he gets favorable press because he is black.
It was not a racial opinion, it was an opinion about the media.
Safe to say this has not been a good week for Rush Limbaugh.
It is unclear whether he will be charged in the investigation.
Law enforcement sources say their overall probe is targeting suppliers and sellers.
Susan Kandiyade, CNN Miami.
All right.
Nice going Susan, I love her, she is great, she loves us too.
Remember the time I am sure you do it.
That Steve Nichol slept her in with a camera crew to do a story about diets and had done the do with the adkins or whatever I was on.
They set it all up and they slept me up there and I had to apologize to them because it had nothing to do with me.
That was Steve Nichol for it. Of course he had a little bloop and go.
He was a little bit inquired from time to time, but in his case I think it was just natural.
He didn't have any problems, he could afford it.
Now what is that?
What?
What word did you say?
A four.
Oh he drove a four? I didn't know that.
12 minutes after one at five, 60 WQM, I totally disassociate myself from George Rodriguez.
I have no idea who he is, I never heard of him, I don't know his name, I don't know what he looks like or smells like.
I don't know how short he is.
I mean, let's see, how are you doing on here?
You can't catch Howard Stern yet, but when you're starting to move up there, you pull it away from the Humper and me.
What till I get home?
Hey listen, you don't have to wait till you get home or any place else to order a great mattress and dollar mattress.
Although it's probably a good idea to call from there because they'll be there so soon before you can bat an eyelash, before you can say rushes a big fat hypocrite, they'll be knocking on your door.
Each and every day of the year, 365 days a year, dollar mattress beats the pants off those vetting and furniture stores because they study at the same load discount prices.
They're not even within the reach of those other guys because when you sharpen those other places, you have to pay for their expensive overhead, which dollar mattress doesn't have.
So for discount prices, legitimate ones on dozens of models from temper, pita, conserda, and cili, king, corals, Simmons, Stearns, and banana foster, call 1-800 mattress.
No nonsense, no bait and switch, no house, brand, no phony, promises, and best of all, you won't pay an extra penny for the best service going anywhere.
When I talk about service, believe you me, there's no place in a world that doesn't like them.
When you call 1-800 mattress, they let you pick today in time for delivery and they actually show up then and act to our period.
Like noon to 2, 1-3, etc. from 8 in the morning till 10 a night, any day, 7 days a week when it's convenient for you, and you'll be sleeping well right away, like I have for years now, with my dollar mattress.
With low prices, same day delivery for you, setup and removal is easy to see, my dollar mattress is ranked the best in the world and customer satisfaction.
So don't be sucked in by those mattress, show them in furniture store ads. They're not in the same league with the professionals at the dollar mattress.
That's their only business. Pick up the phone right now and call them toll free.
You'll be sleeping with a big smile on your pussy as soon as tonight. Maybe you can get lucky even if you're only alone. Call 1-800-MACRIS.
That's 1-800-MATTRES or online. It's VACRIS.com.
My life and love all this is for sure, EO-560.
You can win.
Love it. It would not awesome. I just wish.
My power, for Charlie, he's a real character.
Brother Man, how you doing? Hey, great game last night.
I'm supposed to pause. I've never seen the next shoot better than last night. I mean, it was like boom 3-8.
Boom 3-8. Turn to the boom 3-4. They're taking it home right now.
Love the talk sports it was. Pretty much all the time.
The guy pops to the infield right. Let's just go right. Rolls-down. Feel they drop it.
Meanwhile, the dodge is bringing another one home right up. They can hoose coach in the sky.
Right? I mean, they make me lose.
That is while the rest of us are trying to work for eleven.
See the interception last time, who was like, boom, we're going downtown.
That's why I decided to tell Charlie about LeBot-A-Vill.
And over the counter medication made especially for overactive conversation lists.
Because my co-workers and I, well, we were concerned about Charlie.
Now with LeBot-A-Vill, Charlie can relax. And we can get some work done. Right, Charlie?
Charlie? Just blink your eyes twice if you can hear me, Charlie. Okay?
Okay. Okay, Charlie. I'll wipe the drill. Hey, great game last night, huh?
Fast-packed and non-Jerousy LeBot-A-Vill. You've only strinked.
I got the story. Remember that doctor that called a few minutes ago?
Yes.
Who acted amazed and dismayed and surprised and shocked.
He goes to show you a doctor. It really pays listening to the Elijah show, especially if you have like people's health and lives in your hands.
Because here's the story, the latest one. That other story was from the early times from two years ago.
But here's an update from today's February, I mean October 3rd Friday, Palm Beach Post.
And it says prescription overuse linked to sudden hearing loss.
Ready for that? Okay.
Charlie read that headline again from today's Palm Beach Post.
Prescriptions overuse linked to sudden hearing loss.
And it says I want you to listen very carefully, including you, doctor.
One of the prescription drugs national radio talk show host, Rush Limbaugh, is alleged to have abused, has been linked to sudden hearing loss and affliction that struck Limbaugh two years ago.
At that time, doctors said they were unsure of the exact cause of Limbaugh's hearing loss, but said that overuse of medication was not a factor.
Limbaugh would not reveal the cause of his deathness, and I'm sure the doctors had no idea what he was popping.
Coincidentally, the House Irinstitute in Los Angeles where Limbaugh sought treatment discovered in 1999,
that some of its patients with sudden hearing loss had overused a common painkiller that combines hydrocodone and acetaminophen.
The combination is sold under several brand names, Vikiden, Hyde Roset, Norco, and Lorset.
Lorset is one of the prescriptions of Limbaugh's former housekeeper, said she procured for him.
You following this, are we starting to put the dots together in this investigation?
That's right.
Doctors at the clinic said prolonged use of the painkiller was a common factor among 29 patients with sudden hearing loss.
Dr. Limbaugh announced in October 2001 that he was deaf and his left ear was losing the hearing in his right ear after undergoing drug therapy for several months.
He decided to have an electronic device installed in his ear in January 2002.
The cochlear implant has partially restored his hearing.
How do you like that?
And as you notice, and you can keep turning up, turning it over at rush right now, and you heard the stuff on CNN, he's not fessing up to any of it.
He just keeps repeating that same old stay-align. He's unaware of any investigation, but he'll cooperate fully.
Gaudi, Gaudi, Gaudi, because he knows Dan Molley better keep his big pet push shut.
You know what I mean? Or they'll cut off his supply.
What?
Oh, I'm saving this story.
Here it is right here. It's a damn good thing during that break. I checked the Palm Beach Post.
And my good post personal friend, the Scott Forello, is just an apology on his show.
Or at least he ought to change his tune real quick, because even a guy like him standing up for Limbaugh, questioning the maid of Rasey, the maid of questioning the accuracy of a story in the much highly talented national inquiry, highly respectable.
Even though it's a tabloid, and even though it's glitzy and it's sitting there waiting for you to publish on a new stands, get what it's got.
Here's a call from Kendall. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have one for your poll.
OK. I'm talking about the one on paper.
Dom King.
Disgusting.
The younger, good-test, murderer.
Yeah, he is.
Listen, and I also want to have a request. Please, Neil, for the second god, play the Arnold Schwarzenegger bit.
What was that one?
Not the one with Oprah.
Yeah.
And I want to tell the wind, the wind shall done it, guy.
The one who always calls you and says, George is mong. Well, he's right. George Suck.
OK, great. Well, we're certainly going to play a request for him now.
No, no.
That was a good way to guess the play with, oh, the Arnold one? Yeah, there's only how many are there?
About 30, man.
Maybe it, yeah, the, the, the, the, the whistle donut guy.
The whistle donut guy.
Oh, that's from, that's from way back on an unzada. That's a hundred years back.
That's his claim to fame.
God would call up out of nowhere. Well, Winshul's donut just out of nowhere.
And he also had some other thing he used to say that made no sense. I don't know what that was.
You just, they just never go away, George, as you've noticed.
Of course, they always there. They're always out there. Like the old guy, what he, uh, AIDS thing with, uh, with Mr. Ego, that 900-year-old guy,
which represents his average demo, by the way, deep pened on him.
Nice going in those numbers, by the way, Steve.
Can't complain about his numbers because he don't have any.
And of course, that station that make believe station they can't even afford to subscribe to it.
So what difference does it make?
Here's a call from Naples. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Hey, I got one for you. Definitely. He made the fun last night alone.
Joe, the Gackie, Mr. Hero Shima. He's freaking horrible.
Yes, he is.
It was funny here, no. He was,
but Joe's a good guy, though. Are you not going to impersonally?
I do. I do.
Why did he use an asshole?
I, I, he's a definite asshole. And he, he's got 80, and it's worth definitely sucks.
So, and go Marlon's.
Okay. Go Marlon's. Don't forget. Big game today.
Gonna have a million people there this afternoon.
Oh, my, oh, my!
Oh, I would have loved to have heard that. And I'm glad I didn't hear it.
By the way, probably, probably had a call in sick. Anybody bring in a check? Yes.
See, there's my psychic powers again.
Who was it?
Our very own Curtis.
You can manage producer Curtis. Stevenson.
100 bucks.
I love your Curtis.
Wow.
Now, here's a kid that's making about 50 bucks a week, okay?
And he brings in a check for 100 bucks. Thanks Curtis. You're the best.
100 bucks from a kid like that.
He liked the rescue people bringing in a thousand.
A super virgin. Right.
Yeah. We appreciate it very much Curtis. You're a great guy.
And we, and we said that before you brought in a money.
One of the people we like.
So now we got 29,655, which leaves us tantalizingly close a mere 345 bucks away from 30,000.
We got 37.5 minutes to get to it by the end of the show by the weekend,
which would please me and George and even Scott Jr. in there more than I can begin to tell you.
345 bucks is all we need.
Todd Wreck has probably got loose change in mind of that and his back pocket.
He's more than he does.
Fat boy, he's probably got it in all of his pockets, which, you know, how many pounds is that?
About 30, man.
Even they would just get lost in the middle of all those locushions folds.
Hey, Fat boy, call Bokobrine, by the way, for what?
For a while.
No. Bokobrine wants a mattress.
Yeah.
Well, I got news for you in order for that.
Fat boy's been after right as a check to get any more free plugs as much as we love our friends at Donald Maffers.
If he wants a free plug and how Bokobrine's doing so great with his mattress, you see what I'm saying?
I know it does make it a new house.
I'm just trying to embarrass somebody and it coming up with a 345 bucks in the next 37 minutes, but who's counting?
Because that would be a real like, you know, oral victory.
It would be a strategic move in the right direction since it's October the 3rd.
And you're right now that we finally moved into the last quarter of the year,
now we're going to start making some progress.
I can smell it.
Can you smell it?
All the way down there?
Oh, maybe it was a back action.
Maybe it's from that chili dog you ate this morning.
I was very clean.
When it doubted, it's seeping out.
No.
Come on, let's go.
When he was salespeople and I guarantee if PD Lenny was still there, he'd write out a check just to be sucking around.
Am I right?
You are right.
At least he's not.
And you know what?
He was a pin in the ass, but I'll tell you what, we needed for any good cause.
He would help out.
And he was a lot.
Yes?
He cared about his clients.
That's true.
He wrote copy, actually hustle for it.
I miss PD Lenny a lot.
And I never dreamed I'd say that.
You see the disgusted contempt and dismay that everybody from Hank and the mad dog and Pharrell and even the mull my steering, right?
Absolutely.
Half of our sales department now.
Sometimes like Ralph Donner once said, you don't know what you got until you lose it.
PD Lenny, we lost.
And despite of all your bizarre behavior and effect that you looked like a cigar-star Indian,
like Ron Diaz's twin shorter brother.
And despite of that, we still miss him badly.
Maybe he'll come by with a check for 345 and embarrass the hell out of those other assholes.
He might.
He just might do it.
Cause we got to wait for Skippy.
Skippy don't even want to find QA on the dial.
He's busy back there poking the scurran.
I have no idea how much they hated him in the building.
Oh, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little guy's like Maddie Bell.
Yeah.
Um, who else?
Skippy?
A Todd Dreck.
Forget about it.
You see, there's the guy that should be writing it out.
Todd Dreck.
No, seriously.
There's a little bastard prick who's making more guy than money.
He's stealing it out of their radio station.
And in the meantime, has he ever given us a dime?
I'll probably in the past maybe.
I don't know.
And I'll tell you who really ought to get her a little checkbook out right now who can afford it.
And big time.
Who's siphoning off from everybody's efforts in that place.
From the sales department's lame efforts in my efforts in a Humper and Mad Dog and even Mo and Farrell.
You know what I'm talking about?
Scra-Anne?
Ah!
Good guess I was going to say.
Scra-Anne!
Yeah, give you a musical answer like that.
Bitch.
345 bucks on even probably pull it out of your ass.
Probably get a team of Proctologists in there to fight in the midst of whatever else is in there.
But believe you, me.
Let's go, scurran.
Come through for a 345.
And you know what she really owes it to us?
You want to know why?
It just dawned on me.
Why?
Because, speaking of charity, when we were back involved in that OJ golf tournament that I got sucked in, dude.
Oh, man.
Yeah, she was one of the ones.
She was one of the chiggers in a wood pile.
Talk about piling on.
That got together with a close personal ass butt buddy Greg Reed and Sam and all these other lunatics.
And put that over on us with that OJ thing.
And just about deep six, our whole fundraiser that year.
You bitch, you slut, you piece of crap.
So the very least you could do is come marching in there during the next break.
345 dollars.
She could, like I said, pull it out of her ass under her left breast.
How about Gary Sarner?
Gary Sarner is another cheap loader.
He ought to be in there right in the check out.
All the money that you're making him with all your nice comments about Bell Sound.
You just write to check for the money that he's stiffed me out of.
We would have it.
There you go.
That'll do it.
And I bet you if he would write us that $345 check right now, you'd promise to tell me up for at least another week about Bell Sound.
Wouldn't you?
A month.
A month.
How do you like that?
Can't beat that off for Gary Sarner.
You little piece of crap.
You orthodox.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot about that.
He's probably celebrating you on Kippur all right.
Probably in the holidays.
You can't write a check during the holidays.
That's what rumor says.
And every day is a holiday.
Every day is a holiday.
He's got one.
He's got like, you know, Groundhog Day and the St. Francis, a Sissy Day.
Ground beef day.
Well, I like that thing.
20.
Let's speak out of that.
What a segue into Vic and Irves.
George finally hit the mother load.
It's the mother load, as Rush would say.
Come on, Rush.
Pop a few more.
If you're looking for a great place for lunch, breakfast dinner, Vic and Irves, which originated
in my hometown, right across the lake for more of my fat ass to sit right now, Rochester,
New York, back in 1934.
I can almost see it now except for all those buildings.
Vic and Irves is on federal highway just out the barred boulevard in the tunnel on the
east side.
Vic and Irves is a flashback in time to what it used to be like back when he had really
neat restaurants like this before the fast food prefab stuff.
Nothing prefabricated at Vic and Irves, go and enjoy a real burger, a hot dog serve hot
fresh and fast.
And Vic and Irves is brought to you in Fort Lauderdale by the same people who feed you.
Cheaper Grachie Burger, using the same fresh 100-gram Chuck meat as they do with Cheaper
Grachie Burger.
They offer you an incredible quarter pound hot dog.
You haven't had a wiener in your mouth since like that since last night.
What makes Vic and Irves different from anybody else in town?
Here's the deal.
All their burgers and dogs are served with a big signature meat sauce poured on top, which
will make a dance take place right in your poos.
So if you're looking for something really delicious and fresh, this is the place and
they got a lot of other great dishes to be said, burgers and dogs, like a great breakfast
menu.
I'm going to cook to order French toast pancakes, all your favorite side dishes.
Go buy and like I tell you before, you don't have to be from Rochester, from Miranda
Quote, from Fredonia, from the pew, to enjoy Vic and Irves.
They're on federal highway just out the barred boulevard and the tunnel on the east side
and be sure and tell that old Neil from OK Terrace and Rochester.
OK.
OK.
OK.
Terrace, send your bye.
5 and a local.
This is 5 cities.
The radio's on your side.
2 a.m.
Welcome back to the highly rated Moe Howard and David and the show.
Putting to my own straggation.
OK, stupid.
Where were we?
We were doing this.
No, wrong.
You were doing that to me.
Oh, yeah.
Sorry, Moe.
That's better.
Oh, wrong day.
I didn't see you could say that, yes.
Oh, wrong day.
Now you.
For a wrong day gets me.
Not that's it.
Now, I might watch you punk.
Oh, wrong day.
He's up with you.
What's with that kung fu grip?
Sorry, Moe.
We got one of our three-fever him coolers on the line him.
W2 a.m. what do you want?
You want him more?
That's great.
You want man?
Come on, spin it out.
What's your name?
Oh, wrong.
I can't understand.
I got them thing you're saying.
What do you do?
I'm playing with my Larry's poker.
I'll hit dog.
Oh, that's quite understandable.
Why, I sometimes...
You'll be out.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, get the...
Yeah.
Oh, you got me going.
Oh, no, stay.
Stay all right, baby.
All right, baby.
All right, baby.
All right, baby.
All right, baby.
All right, baby.
All right, baby.
All right, baby.
All right, baby.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, you little...
Don't...
All right.
Look at that.
I got it all over my wig.
132.560.
WQM and Mad Dog standing by at Gagey at P.P. Park.
Go buy it now.
Do we ever find out about those kind of kids that was at a joke?
We never found out about those kind of kids.
You think what?
I said, I'm hoping it's not.
Not a joke.
Well, listen, you got the free tickets quit looking for any more.
Don't push it, yeah.
29,655.
Did Scrooge come in there during that break?
I guarantee you got the check in your hand right now.
No, no, no.
No, no.
Maybe she's like feeling around to find it.
What?
Her checkbook.
Oh.
Rush Limbaugh is leading the pack by a mile.
Somebody you think is an asshole and you hate their work too.
Taboot.
Rush 172.
Moe is still maintaining her pretty quickly on Bush.
That's going, Moe.
Absolutely.
Moe Howard David is 61.
George W. 51.
Howard Spurm 35.
You're on Howard Spurm's ass, man.
You.
Georgie Rodriguez 31.
Hank Goldberg 24.
So I got 16, which I find most amusing because, you see, the one the other day about me being an asshole and me enjoying my work, that made sense.
I was winning.
But, but this one, you hate their work and is an asshole.
16, who are, I guess they're just being forced to gunpoint to listen.
Yes, they are.
Rosio Donald 10.
Russell Crowe 8.
Pat Robertson and Wayne Heisenga.
And Steve Cain and Bill Gates all have seven.
Ever see him together?
Mel Gibson got six.
Hillary and the jury.
Lewis and Robert Downey Jr. got five.
Don't get a swell head, jury.
Greg Read and Phil Collins for a piece.
Mickey Rork, Bill O'Rally, Jean-Claude Goddamn and Colter, Barbara Streisand have three of these.
A pair for Jerry Springer, Todd Schmidt, Richard Dreyfus and Van Diesel.
And one of these for little Brian Knurckross, Miss Drudge, Dick Vitale, Steven Segal, Sammy Sosa, and sliced the lone no votes yet for Don Henry, Gloria Estefan, or the Frightwig Don King, out of 490 fold.
Pretty heavy duty today, you know what?
By the way, thanks Eric for getting the thing back the way it's supposed to be on our website, quit screwing around with it.
These they begins HD Radio Broadcast at five forward to stations.
But it wasn't this.
How come we don't know nothing about this and somebody had a sentence for a rich factor had a sentence from Radio Inc.
I saw them slumping in the roof.
What was that?
They were off a rich factor about a couple weeks ago.
See I forgot all.
You don't have a stocking article about Matt Drudge.
Like I said, this asshole rich factor sentence.
So I would draw my thank you.
Beasley Broadcast group yesterday announced that the NAV radio show for the obvious one or a rush was like standing up there making a video of himself.
That five of its six radio stations in Southeast Florida are not broadcasting in HD radio.
What's that?
I know what HD TV is.
What's HD radio?
Hard on.
Hard on radio?
Yes.
The stations broadcasting in I can't read that.
I B O C.
Do you read kiss F M and Q M A M plus W W N N?
We own W W N N?
Partly.
W S B R in Boka and W H S R in Boka.
Why?
Commenting on Beasley's transition to digital technology.
George G Beasley, Beasley Broadcast group chairman and CEO.
Who's one well over guy said.
No, he said when F M radio stations first appeared in the industry in the general public were slow to adopt the new technology.
Today however, F M is clearly the advantage choice for high fidelity broadcasting.
As an early adopter of HD radio technology, Beasley believes that the fidelity and reception improvements HD is the future of radio.
And we eagerly anticipated dramatic benefits as expected of Ray Norendra's team.
Remember the day that that asshole what's his name?
The little engineer or George?
Was Waltz and down the hall?
We asked him what was in a box and he said it was for like digital radio.
Digital radio and we laughed at him.
The old person I stood.
Robert Strubel, president and CEO of Ambiquity Digital Corp.
Well, that's what that I B O C is stated.
Beasley Broadcast group is a forward thinking technology.
He says, Beasley is a forward thinking technology savvy company executing plan to bring its radio stations into the digital age.
HD radio technology provide Beasley's lessons with new and exciting digital services.
Incredible sound fidelity, crystal fear reception and data services.
Keep in mind providing basic and advanced information, all of which have become the Norman consumers live.
Okay, now, since supposedly we've already started this, it says they're now broadcasting.
Has anybody told us that it sounds better?
No.
No, you have to have a receiver for it, of course.
Well, how many people have got it?
About 30 minutes.
So what does that mean?
Oh, geez.
And how much does it cost and where do you stick it?
You know?
And where's the other 345 bucks screw in?
You bitch.
Brackum.
You slut.
And it still stuck up in there?
Yeah, we're organizing a party.
We can get a trade deal with the excavation company.
Hey, screw in.
You bitch.
You slut.
You wore.
Come through, honey.
Or else.
No, seriously, we're going to put those pictures of her naked on our website.
The ones with her and Greg and her living maid.
Or is that the fillers for the maid?
I don't know.
They're all doing it.
56670560, £560 on the AT&T Land been rambling.
I apologize for that.
Don't I know you're rambling.
Important stuff.
Here's Palmetto Bay.
Hello?
See, I'm rambling.
I go to the phone.
There's nobody even there.
Palmetto Bay, are you there?
Yeah.
Yes sir.
I'm from the tree of music.
No, I'm from music.
Here's Volka.
Hello.
Volka.
Yes, this is Paul.
It's what?
This is Paul.
How you doing, Paul?
Okay, I got to kind of date for your lift.
Yes, Paul.
Great, David.
If he wants to resign, what you think that Arnold and the people that paid $70 million
in California and the guy who backed all the funding to recall him would think he resigns,
they lose everything and Jim Festa empowers.
If anybody's started about that, I'm not sure all the laws.
No, no, that's not what the laws they already talked about that.
If he resigned, they still have to go ahead and I know it sounds stupid, but they still
have the election.
Oh.
Even if he resigns.
Okay.
Good thought though.
Good thought.
Good thought, but they didn't work.
See what he's saying?
He could let boost the money, take over and resign and go ahead.
But the law says they want to have the petition signed.
They go ahead and have to recall anyway, which is stupid, but then against California.
It's California.
Anyway, here's the facts from Big Mike in St. Pete.
It says here's a transcript on Limbaugh's website from his opening statement today.
I think the telling line is, I mean, they even going to tell you how you ought to look at
the stuff that's in the press.
He says, I don't want to deal with hypotheticals and I don't want to respond to what's in the
press.
I'm very tempted to.
I'm not even going to go there, but I want to say, trust me, but I don't look.
It makes no sense for me to go there.
I'm even going to tell you how you ought to look at that stuff that's in the press.
It's just, I'm not even going to characterize it yet.
Just trust me on this.
When I find out all that this is, aside from those who are closest to me in my personal
and business orb and you all are very close on the personal orb, then you're going to
be among the first to know for me.
What made me that last part again?
I'm not.
When I find out all that this is, aside from those that are closest to me in my personal
and business orb and you are all very close on the personal orb, then you're going to
be among the first to know for me.
Again, a non-answer.
All he has to do is say it's untrue, it's lies, or it's true, and I want to repent and
I'm going to go for detox again and I got a problem.
That's why I went deaf and that's why I lost all that way.
One or the other, you know, but it's called the old verbal tap dance.
If he's holding in, there'll be a big change.
You're going to feel the burn, you'll feel the pain, yeah, yeah.
The lost he plans to pass include, want to pump you up like a balloon, yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I think it's great.
We got a bunch of Nazis in Washington, right on the country.
So why don't I have a Nazi in California?
I think it's great.
I think it's great.
I think it's great.
I think it's great.
I think it's great.
I think it's great.
I think it's great.
I think it's great.
Well, if there's any investigation I'm on a word, it's not a question.
Did you pop him or not or you're buying him illegal or not?
Is she telling the truth about these emails that are right here?
And if anybody doubts it and wants to do their own investigation, maybe they did it like by reading
of it before they missed it.
Go to your newsstand today.
Go to your public.
Go to your Wind Dixie.
Go to your pawn shop.
Go to your bookstore.
National inquireer.
America's newspaper October 14, 2003.
Rush Limbaugh caught in drug ring, cops probed nails him.
His drug supplier tells all.
Rush is secret in our context.
And I read the whole damn thing every word of it right around here.
And then we had on top of it, which was frosting on the old cake,
frosting on the OC, the story from the Palm Beach post about the fact,
that just coincidentally, prescriptions overuse linked to sudden hearing laws
and one of the drugs that is suspect is law said.
A common painkiller combining hydrocodone and acetaminophen and lorset.
What do they say?
It's like how many times more powerful than heroin?
About 30.
Was that what they said?
About 30, man.
Something like that.
And it's linked to hearing loss is what they said.
I guess that was OC, that's 30.
Many times more powerful than heroin.
But there you go, the hearing loss, which was supposedly on display.
And that's because you can be damn sure that doctors didn't know about his death.
Phil Poppin had it.
And all of these things.
Here's Lighthouse Point.
Hello.
Oh, hey, I'm sticking to that asshole.
Yes.
The one thing we always have to remember is, do you believe anything that comes out of a mouth of a junkie?
Yeah.
You know, it's like junkies back at, they're all the same thing.
And now, these people will do, these people will say and do anything.
They're all into the heart.
That's right.
They're all destiny.
They're in denial.
Mm-hmm.
Well, I'm glad to public, at least, that that small segment of him, who still have a brain to think with, they weren't the ditto heads.
I'm glad they're getting the chance to see what a hypocrite we got there.
I mean, I think it's, personally, I think his whole thing is all sick.
I don't think he believes the word that comes out of his own mouth.
Could be.
For fun and profit.
I can relate to that.
Okay, have a great day, Palli.
Enjoy.
And you too.
I am enjoying it tremendously.
Let's see.
Did you put that scumbag Madonna on your list?
No, but there's a good one for you, Madonna.
We got Madonna on there now.
Yes.
It says she's the biggest f-ing foley on this planet.
Now she is a motherly figure selling children's books.
She's a sea-lapping f-ing hedgehog.
A couple words I can read on her.
See you next time.
Laughing f-ing hedgehog.
Also, I am the true South Florida sports fan.
Yes, the Marlins are in the playoffs and I still don't give a crap.
Bob Hamilton from Magic 1 or 2.7 is a loser who knows only 16.
So no, he's expanded his playlist now.
It's up to.
Yeah, he's really working on it.
Almost doubled it.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 T line.
Somebody you think is an asshole and you hate their work.
Hate it.
Rush Limbaugh 180.
Moe Howard David at 63 maintaining a comfortable lead over George W.
He's got 54.
Howard Stern 37.
Hank Goldberg is moving ahead of little George 33 to 32.
You're still on Hank's ass though.
And he wishes you to get off.
I got 17 votes, Rosie O'Donnell 10, and everybody else in single digits.
I am no.
This is sports when you're like 60.
You way up.
Hi, this is Randy West.
And they don't come any better than me nor in Neil Rogers.
Newt Gingrich does the hanky panky.
Newt Gingrich has a stanky wanky.
Newt Gingrich does the hanky panky.
Newt Gingrich does the hanky panky.
We thought he always pank his wanky.
Batesys Bill Clinton bowed it all the time.
They call him womanizing low-life slime.
But Newt Gingrich is all around the list.
That's why we search our studies there is a best.
Who would have bought you an apple with all that?
All right, here we go on the deck, let's go.
Oh, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, the committee would like to know,
are those high heels sticking out from under your deserts?
I see.
Oh, see, they're not, oh, the committee sees no improv here.
There'll be no further death, David.
I saw him working on his pick up lines.
You come here often baby, watch your side.
I'm pretty and Republican and all alone.
Hey, baby, baby, can I give you the bone?
Who would have bought an apple with all that?
Come here baby, I mean that you can't be rubberized.
Newt Gingrich does the hanky panky.
This Gingrich does the hanky panky.
This Gingrich has a sticky wanky.
This Gingrich does the hanky panky.
We fight, we always fight this rubber day.
Here I see it's when it's parallel, there I'll shoot.
Newt Gingrich does, of course, turn out to be a womanizing piece of crap
that had his wife sign a divorce papers on her deathbed from cancer.
And turn out to be a flandering piece of turret,
hivocrit, finger pointer.
And now we got Rush and real-life.
And I'm so glad this fangs came in before the deadline.
How can we leave off Dr. Phil, the anxious despised, no talent piece of turret?
Dr. Phil, nice going, thank you, J.R. from Boca.
Thank you so much.
Have we left that off?
I'd have been just depressed all weekend.
Wouldn't you?
No.
Now I am depressed about one thing.
I don't think Square and R.A.D. of the rest of the salespeople came in to give us a dime, did they?
No. Greg stuck his head in.
And just to see how he was doing on the pole.
Greg stuck his head in, but didn't.
So obviously he's been listening.
And that's what we're talking about.
Did he give a contribute anything to a band of pay rescue?
This guy who's worth millions and millions,
who's got how many million shares of Beasley?
Thirty million shares of Beasley's stock.
He's worth billions of dollars.
Three hundred and forty-five bucks to him would be like a penny to just any average schmuck
out there in the street as opposed to him,
who's a bigger income than average schmuck.
He could reach into his goddamn back pocket and give you three, forty-five,
and not even miss it.
But no!
Nobody in that building see we picked a bad day.
Because the guarantee between a mad dog and Hank and some of our people who actually like us in the building
they've come through like Curtis did there, you know?
Right.
But everybody's out because we got the ball game.
It's always a ball game, you know?
Always some kind of a ball game always stands in the way.
Speaking of balls,
authorities plan to formally charge three high school football players from the Long Island, New York,
accused of sexually abusing three of their junior teammates
at a preseason training camp in Northeastern Pennsylvania,
according to state police.
In a statement, Pennsylvania state police had three, the three teenagers ages 15, 16,
and 17 will be formally charged in the near future once Wayne County District attorney Mark Zimmer
files the appropriate court papers.
The varsity players from Mefem, high school near Belmore, New York have been investigated
is that Mefem or Mefem?
Just Mefem.
Just Mefem?
Are bringing investigative relegations that they sotomize the three junior varsity players
with broomsticks, pine cones, and golf balls as part of a hazing ritual while the team was at the Pennsylvania sports camp last week in August.
Police have recommended that Zimmer charged a juvenile swim in the voluntary deviate sexual intercourse.
Ooh, just boys being gay boys.
In voluntary deviate sexual intercourse aggravated and simple as assault, kidnapping,
reckless endangerment of another person on lawful restraint, criminal coercion, aggravated and decent assault, criminal conspiracy,
and all of these things, the alleged victims are identified as a 13-year-old and 214-year-olds.
And like you always say, all the sports things, all these incidents, always involved as nothing but faggery, man.
Gay.
Faggery.
What can we stick in your...
Correct, don't you know?
Right.
Can we squeeze our private...
...with things like that.
Someone you think is an asshole and you hate their work, that s our poll question today, Rush Limbaugh 183.
He s all alone.
Moe Howard Davidid 63.
George W. 56.
Can't even touch Moe.
Howard Stern 38.
The Humper 34.
You got 33.
George I got 18.
Rosio Donald's got 10.
Everybody else in single digits.
Mad Dog is sitting by next out there at Gagee at P.P. Park.
Big Game today.
50, 60,000.
Million people going to be there for the Marlins kicking some giants in.
Bye, bye, bye!
Can you rush a show on 516 million Q.A.M.
Finally for Lardale.
Pass the MOTS on us, wrong holiday.
Have a nice weekend of Maranhas, everybody on Q.A.M.
You pervert.
