Neil do you want to give you some tickets to the I hate to mess and I know you won't come from Toronto
But I was thinking I just leave you two seats like remember how Jerry Glambel used to leave all this a couple tickets at the window
Yeah, I'll just leave you a couple tickets that you will leave me for seats. Okay. I got a big ass
I got you cover four big ass seats for Neil for the Wednesday night. I hate to mess it right behind a plate and in three weeks
Neil I'm having a John Smoltz is Jesus night
We can see if my ass is as big as putty Rodriguez, but I don't think so I got a new pledge Jersey yesterday
They worked like 200 bucks. I'm selling it to some guy in a corner for 400
I'm doing anything in a bigger ass. Sit for an end is or putty Rodriguez. I think you do
No, you haven't seen my sitting
Charlie Hayes had the biggest ass of any athlete or human being I've ever seen remember to kind of play third base
I'm a Cecil Fielder. Oh his ass was I mean I think it was his cousin
Yeah, Charlie Hayes is cousin. They both had big asses and their wives asses were the size of Ruben Stoddard's ass
So let me ask you and most him to really bonded great now so far this golf thing is getting to be you guys my co-out on a tour together
Listen, he's a great golfer. I just like going to his Jewish club and drinking free beer all day and hanging with black people
There you go
We'll make a real liberal out of you yet
This is Hillary Clinton. I hope when you run out to buy my book
You won't be too shocked to discover I have a fat
Swinging under my skirt, but you can't blame Bill. He's certainly not gay
I just have the credentials every politician needs to feel wife of convenience and it's pretty much ended with that
He'll is such a horn dog. He probably would have never noticed I had man legs anyway and Chelsea
Well, you buy my book you can read all about the affair
I had with Sandra Bernhardt and our lunchile now. I wasn't born a Democrat
I switched parties after looking in the mirror and seeing the body of Tiffany
So buy my book now because I can never have enough if you order a copy today
I will personally autograph the all-news brackets that fall down
But here's today's sentence from Hillary's book where we did to the audience no charge
One sentence at a time. I think this is great. We're gonna save you 28 bucks. Are you violating copyright laws by?
No, I'm not okay. Don't they do this on the NPR don't they read like crap? Yeah, they oh boy. Do they?
Right I wasn't born a wife or mother
Here we go that was just an a reprise for me to remind you where we left off
I was born in American in the middle of the 20th century a fortunate time in place. That's it
Oh my god that sentence number four from Hillary's book one sentence at a time and believe me that's more than enough
It's amazing how all these people are rushing out to buy the book but nobody really gives a crap about her
I don't know what that really means do you know gossipy heads. I think oh, let's give away some more tickets for Forels
Game what do you say give me else how the lines are all still ringing? No, he caught on quick didn't he free tickets baby
That's what they'll call for free tickets
Ticket line wQ I am
They had up oh they hung up damn it
But they were all like frantically calling in their right at the end for free tickets
It's amazing to me how the majority of people and then the price for the tickets at the baseball is very
Immarginal it's not like going to a football game or a hockey game where you have to spend like hundreds of dollars to take your family
Again, you can get some pretty reasonably priced tickets just that nobody cares
So the difference between paying just a few bucks for a ticket or getting it for free. It's just
Shocking how can you be such a bunch of free loaders? It's amazing to me
But don't necessarily stop and think about that. No, I don't want to
It's like saying oh well, here's a whole bunch of free passes for McDonald's. Whoo have he duty man
Here's a bunch of tickets for some crystal birders man how many about 30
No seriously. Can you imagine we if we had that stuff to give away the phone to be like a sound of all of that?
There they go wQ I am ticket line. Yeah, what do you get away for free? How many do you want tickets?
Where I don't care anything you want what do you want?
That's what I thought how you doing? Okay, listen
Yeah
Hello, I'm listening
You still up in Toronto? I'm right here. Yeah, sit right in my chair
What I feel like it
We're in heat we're in heat big boat toads and big mosquitoes. Okay. Have a great day, pal
He had a lot to say hey
Don't forget our hot couples contest
We got a lot of couples now. I'd say we got at least a dozen wouldn't you about?
Tired at least and at least ten or twelve we got Greg and Stephanie are the latest contestants
We got your pictures. I just mentioned that so the people know that we got the stuff
And I should mention also that today and tomorrow and over the weekend
I'll open up you know who's gonna be checking over the weekend
But they can get him in there and then Monday morning before the show starts
That's the deadline. It's coming Monday June 16th will be the deadline by 10 a.m
And then we'll put the pictures up on the web voters can choose their favorite
You'll have a solid week to vote for which couple to think is the hottest and then on Monday June 23rd at 10 a.m
The couple of the most votes wins and
The top prize will be either your choice three day two nights day for two at the Royal Oasis resort in casino at Bahamas with the round trip airfare on Lake
Or air or
Three day two nights day for two at hedonism two or three in Jamaica mon all inclusive transfer his food drink with two
These entertainment no airfare and third prize dinner for two at the pizza lot that other thing he waited too long
It was just forget about it
Right right
No, no, he just waited too long fat boy. I mean you kept the deal us around and drag it us around nothing ever happened
So third prize will be dinner for two at the pizza lot
And that's the name of the game and then we're gonna win on to win around the win
Monday June 23rd at 10 a.m
Right pull yesterday
We asked and the audience did not like this pool. That's very obvious
Of course if we've gotten up a little bit sooner
We might have had some more votes, but they didn't like the pool. We should have probably put never saw any of these right or
Or maybe they saw some of these but they didn't think that they were gross or disgusting for example
There's a lot of us that saw the exorcist didn't find it disgusting or gross or any that was just a great movie
You know those of us who've actually had pea soup don't like pea soup at all
The most disgusting gross or vulgar movie ever made was faces of death any or all of them parts one through five thousand two
hundred eighty seven votes yesterday
Pink flamingos one oh seven didn't see it
Jack asked the movie you're all looking away this list changed around jack asked the movie 77
Texas chainsaw massacre 58 natural board killers 57 train spotting
Man 54 don't watch it. I'm begging you do not watch it the
Exorcist 46 Caligula 43
Now where can I get a copy of that?
I don't know anymore. You might have to get a previously viewed
copy
Maybe from from eBay Ramazan because it's old and I don't know if you can get the original x-rated version anymore
I really don't know I sure hope so Freddie got fingered 42
Hannibal 41
720 faux the fly 22 I smit on your grade 21 and after that it's way on down the racer head at 13
Stand by me had 10 I still forget what the reason is that was supposed to be so gross
He was telling a story about a pie new berries on his ass. I don't know if you can yeah
The audience wound up puking was a big puke fest the audience wound up puking from it
The audience in the movie
Of the pie eating contest. Oh, I see what you're saying now stand by me was in it was like a little kitty movie was right when River Phoenix was about three years old
and alive
All I got this look for the QM band that a new till one at fast train at 55 55 West Flyers Street, Miami
Stop by to win free Marlins tickets courtesy of the real yellow pages from Bellsau the Mitchem and Gillabee there
Noon to one at fast train
55 55 West Flyers Street in Miami now you notice that we actually got the address of one of the fast train locations
That's because Miguel is doing a promotion right that's because Miguel is doing the parents there and wrote the promo
Because if it was up to Todd Dreck who's account that is and it spends a fortune with us on this radio station
We love like crazy if it was up to him
We wouldn't get the address or any other information
Other than the crap that he gives us as an excuse for copy Todd everybody hates you like poison. Okay. Why did you get the message?
What we're really concerned about is the fact that Pharrell is suck it up to Howard so bad is that you know
He might want to stick around and actually get up at 2 30 in the morning every day. That's what we're worried about
Even Muffles tell me that this morning, you notice?
Yeah, I guess nobody said the memo to
To Scott yet about the immobusness well, you know, they're golfing guys they're golfing buddies
They like going out there and they're whacking it around a little bit together a lot of guys like doing that
I just I just don't understand that I we were discussing that all morning before the show about this whole golfing obsession
I don't I don't get it. Nope. I try when you started telling me about some of your stoner friends where she'd go out and play golf
That really just blows me away. I just I don't get it either I tried
Because generally when I think about people to play a lot of golf
It's people who have too much time on their hands people are bored with life
People are just want to go out there and you know get drunk and
Shmoos shmoosers shmoosers and losers and cruisers
Anyway, if you want some tickets to for ralsan see we don't even know anything about that. No. What is that called the heat the met's night or something like that?
See we we have no idea no it's not a station thing is it something that Scott's doing him. I think he pulled it right out of his
That he pulled out of his ass. Oh, oh, oh brother speaking of transporting
Can you imagine all the places he's been just I don't want to get it. Well, he doesn't carry a briefcase
Maybe he can go with nothing get a two for one deal when he goes for his call and ask him to be next week
Here's the pool today. You're not gonna do other
I'm just this one last time then I have one other one after this
Well, I do that other one I mentioned is pretty good. I don't want to give it away. No, don't but I think this one we've been on the edge of this
The worst or most disappointing movie ending ever was and
Like I said before if you go to a movie and you invest an hour and a half two hours sometimes three hours or more of your time and the ending is just like what?
And I'll give you my choice right now Donnie Darko
I'm actually not the other day after I saw a couple days ago
Nobody with no calls because the people that recommended for me to see it they're embarrassed and then everybody else who didn't see it
I think in mouth. Thanks for saving me the the 30 bucks
The worst or most disappointing movie ending ever was I'll put Magnolia down because George was bitching about the ending
He loved the movie but he didn't like the ending right, but that's not gonna be my pick Donnie Darko
Which is my pick for sure and George's pick is six degrees of separation
I don't know I do what that is it's bad, but I have a better one. We have a better one a bad ending
Yeah, that's that still doesn't qualify. Yeah, I think I've got the weener. Okay, the Blair Witch project
Yeah, ooh a practical joke on the audience. I think that might get my vote
Okay
So in other words, it's like putting an announcement on the screen
We just we just had you for last hour. Yeah
They should have rolled that before the credits
I'm a little like that little disclaimer. We put out the end of motion every morning. You just been ahead for last three on right
The worst or most disappointing movie ending ever was
Magnolia Donnie Darko 60 degrees of separation of Blair Witch project now I'm positive
I'll get some suggestions for this list if we don't we might as well just close up shop you agree? I agree
We got a big ballgame come up today. That's the good news. Okay, Marlon's on deck at one thirty
Yeah, we got a half hour bonus today. We get out of here one thirty
Which actually that's a great thing because that opens up a few more avenues for lunch possibilities for yours truly
Two o'clock you got your marlins after brewers try to sweep that series the brewers
They're just pathetic even worse than the marlins then you got to hunt for a zone from about five to seven whatever the baseball game ends the big
Tonight seven to ten eighty K ten to two and Joe and Mark overnight two two now look at that says two to six
Cross over our
Hey, parents, you're not going to Omaha. We just decided to not go neither
Not only is the beast not going because he's a backstabbing weasel, but also
Currents can't go because you can't get these schedules right
But we're just talking about something as basic as falling out of the second of morning something as simple as like getting laid clearance
And he can't do it
Two to six my ass. Although as you'll want that five to six hour back mode big time he wants it back bad
10 13 at five sixty WQ. I mean a hurricane season's here
So before storm hits you put up shutters to protect the windows and doors of your home
But what about the roof of your house?
The so may paint factory makes roof
Mastic it's a roof coating that can up your hurricane proof your roof
So may's roof master could save the hundred roofs during hurricane Andrew while unprotected roofs are peeling and flying away and blowing down a road like crazy
So may also has waterproof coatings very kind of roof under the sun call may call so may paint factory
SOMA Y at three oh five six three three sixty three thirty three
These so may paint factories the oldest quality paint and waterproof coating manufacture in the entire state of Florida
So may will save you money because they limit the middle man markups
They sell to everybody at wholesale prices that are 60% lower than which you'd pay for national brands and retail stores
So protect your home and property from South Florida's tough proper
Prelimate with the best paints and waterproof
Coating at the best prices call the so may paint factory three oh five six three three sixty three thirty three or five
I'm on the web at so may dot com don't forget you save a ton of cash when you buy direct from the so may paint factory
And be sure to come that Neil told you to call three oh five six three three
Sixty three thirty three
My life and love this is for three oh five six
You weigh you weigh
Yeah
Oh
It's days if I am he tells
I
Five six oh
WQK
When you're coming out I have my woman make me a baby out there
She'd knock up a broad this world's gonna be a better place with more of me around you wind up whacking to linger
And while she's oozing stinky birthile and using some on your car's contraption to pump that milk from her now
Distended boobs so why should she have all the fun
Introducing the lactation pump for men it's so easy to use place one end of the device there
Oh and feel the magic you've been missing for months and everything else you'll miss for years to come
The new lactation pump for men from the good folks are doing it pocket all toys you can tell it
Well
10.19 at five sixty WQ I am
Here's a call from Delray Beach hello. Hey, man. What's up? How you doing sir? You know the
Thing about the beast is back to me up
Is this something around trying to get that calm with the hurricanes?
You know like the guy just blown off of something just like he did with Howard David when you put him on the air right and he did
He's come across with the goods
We're all sitting there waiting all the listeners, you know, and he comes on the car talking about social issues with women
And the worth of all of it. I'm out here cleaning pool and my wife calls him up and was sucking up to him on the phone
Oh god, I guess you know what I'm and I was sitting there waiting for the Howard David stuff
And what did I get? I get the beast is a modeling fat little suckle who pollinates
Depending like a honey bee that goes from one flower to another wherever he is
He's pollinating in your face now. We're right down the hall stab you in the back and pollinate the next guy's talking to
He's a bad dude the beast. He's a really bad news. We really gave him every gave him every chance out of the sun on the show
I'll give him a chance to lose all of that weight
He lost 60 pounds and he started screwing around and embarrassed himself on our sponsor
And then you know put him on here on that Thanksgiving show last year
And it was just the worst piece of crap I've ever heard in my life and he's just a bad guy
He had a lot of people that aren't good on the era, but it's just another thing to be a backstabber and a phony which is what the beast is
He wants you know, he'll go anywhere and be on anybody's show and suck up their face, you know
He has the opportunity of a lifetime if he would go on your show when you gain the body
But he doesn't belong on the iris he that you're missing at point. He don't belong on there. He can't put it
Because he's good absolutely I agree he's strictly a you and my punk
He's a big fat push
There you go
Yeah
Have a great day. Okay, there's a guy don't like the beast
I mean it's just this the way he is. It's not because he's on for real sure
I mean for all comes into town they stick somebody on her
He didn't have no choice and in addition to which when you come in from out of the picture
You don't know what's happened before you got your ass there. You know what I'm saying? He doesn't know the background
He'll learn just like Mottold him he'll learn
It's one area. I got to agree with Moana when it comes to the beast
Look at this tremendous response on our poll today man. It's shocking in it
Blow it away, huh? I you know something. I don't care because I've got a lot of pools in my time believe me
I know my pool and
I've done good ones and bad ones and in between ones, but this is a really good question
This is I mean this is the like the culmination all this movie talk we've done for weeks
This is what it's all about what do you go to a movie for for the entertaining the beginning the meeting the middle
But the ending is the that's it. That's what he to make it satisfying or not. It's like sex
I mean all the four-play and in between that's fine, but the ending
Squirt Squirt that's what it's all about and if it's unsatisfactory ending then what was the point in the first place right? Right? Right
Here's our only call. It's in Miami. Hello. Good morning. Neil. Yes, sir
Yeah, my other suggestion for worst ending. Yes, it's a teen movie
What when I was in high school, but I mean it's always I was remembered is the last American version
Okay, it was a unhappy ending, but it was a good quality ending right?
It was a beauty but it's not the end
My look this is where asking the audience is opinion not just yours George and beener boy. Okay. I got a town pal
Okay, great the worst or most disappointing ending in a movie ever was that's the question got it
And I think we can put our list on there because we're not gonna get any more suggestions the phone is
No, no, seriously. This is again just another shocker to me. Let's give away some free ticket. Oh, what do you say?
That's what we ought to do. Let's give away some more guys and free tickets see I don't I can't I mix me sick to my stomach
It makes me nauseous makes me want to puke
Because I've been in this town for so goddamn long and I've seen the way that nobody shows up at almost anything unless
They're giving away a bobble head doll or some other free a piece of crap or they give you the tickets for free
And then of course a lot of times when they do give you the tickets for free the people still don't show up anyway
Because you're you're only motivated to attend some event whether it's a concert or a sporting event
You're only motivated to the degree that you paid for it. See what I'm saying. Yep
But if it if you've got a free if I come see come stop something else better comes along if there's a cloud in the sky if
You know
Train spotting is on TV on the Disney that works up like that
Then you're not gonna go to the ballgame
But I mean we're not talking about a lot of money
Government bans peri dog sales calls for smallpox vaccine to control monkeypox
I might just do well bedtime stories today because I'm so grossed out by this lack of response
What I think is a fabulous pull question don't tease
What about the bedtime stories? No, I just might because I'm we only have a three and a half hour show anyway
Because the Marlon pregame is at 130 we've got a short show. I thought we'd get phenomenal response on this because there got to be
I mean how many movies do you go to that really have an ending that you say that was that was fine
You know what I'm saying precious few and it's so great right?
It's frustrating because even the great directors like we said the other day have a difficult time and wrap it
How do we bring this to waste that and I'm not talking about movies that have alternate closings like fatal attraction
I don't go for that. I don't go for that. It's like it's like a lot of a ballgame
Well, you know we try to make everybody happy. Well both teams win
We'll replay the bottom of the ninth inning
No, I'm saying
First we'll play it so the home team wins then we'll play it so the visiting team wins
So we make everybody happy
Yeah, that's right everybody's happy
That's it's stupid
And I'm sure that I don't have it because I've already seen a movie 20 times. It's a good movie
But I don't want to see fatal attraction again, and I don't want to see an alternative ending
I know the way it ended in the movie that I theater that I saw it and it's just what was it that's enough
The U.S. government banned the sale of prairie dogs prohibited the importation of African rodents and recommended small pox shots
Yesterday for people exposed to monkey pox the exotic African disease that spread from pet prairie dogs to humans and you keep insisting
But they're not really prairie dogs, but they're rats Gambian rats. So good. I wanted a chance to say that again
Gambian rats. Yeah
Remember that movie with Jimmy Cagney where he said you Gambian rat
Remember he never said that now he never did say that just like Kerry Grant never said you the dude the dude the dude
So where they and also Marlene did you remember there was a Marlene did pick or what's your name that they've come up and see me some time
They what they west
She never said that either
And also play it against him
Humphrey Bogart never said that he said don't pull her at that joint. That's right. But he did not say
Come up and see me
Well, I get it all runs together, you know
All these made up lines a smallpox vaccine can prevent monkey pox up to two weeks after exposure to the virus
But is most effective in the first four days nobody's died from it by the way
It's the first outbreak of a monkey pox in western hemisphere and oh yeah
You're right here. It is the Department of Agriculture will be in charge of enforcing the Prairie dog ban
Which also prohibits transporting the animals Gambian rats and five other types of large African rodents were banned because of Gambian rat
As believed that spread the virus to Prairie dogs which are actually rodents in our native to the American plane
So you're wrong. They're not Gambian rats, but they're like a member of the family. Sorry
see
Oh, what kind of a pet do you have rat rat Gambian rat right
Like I said they got these wonderful things their dogs and cats and
Miner birds and minor tourists and hummingbirds and as we don't talk it to huh they have rat-sized dogs
So if you're gonna have a one-eye getting right oh, I saw such a cute little dog the other day was walking on the street and some of
You know people have the because it's beautiful weather by the way not raining
But the shop owners have like the little tables outside and
It was like a little I don't know if it was a husky or just the cutest damn little dog
Let me think about that dog thing again. I'm not gonna do it
Don't eat travel you don't want to be in comfort. That's right. I travel a lot
I don't want to be a kind of covered lot and I tie John up in a house all the time with some stinkin dog
But then of course you got the boofo toes about now again right
They were in Florida that's bad. That's a real deterrent to me to have an adog is the boofo toes
This is always every time you let the dog out you got to run around out there and look if I could tell you the number of times
I hate those damn things
Thanks of the University of Miami for bringing us those experiments many years ago
And the a crate fell off of the goddamn plane. They were unloading the plane to the MIA and a bunch of boofo toes from South America
Can want hopping out into the everglades never and that's what we got. That's why your dog is dead some of your people
I'll be soon you of them
Gotta hit you of them. Look at they give us the beast to boofo toes and the beast never see the two of them together
Same creature
1027 at 560 WQ AM had tell you one thing fast-tracking up you get out of your dead end job and get you a real life
That's how good they can do for you because fast-tracking
I've been fully trained in the computer industry and ready for a new high-paying computer career in just four short months
You can turn your life around turn it right around. That's what much said turn that baby right around a Carl said
Okay, no excuse to stay in your dead end job. No more your new career and phone call is just one phone call and four short months away
Right because they have locations all over town in Miami, Kendall for London on Pemberpods
There's bound to be one convenient to where you are fast train office job placement assistance financial aid convenient
Paving weekend classes so quit working for minimum wage quit working at a job or not going anywhere in your paychecks and
Bersing get you a real life and a real career in a big fat paycheck jump on the fast train today
Call them tool free one eight six six fast train or check them out on the web at fasttrain.com
Michael local
Young
I just don't want to use my friend or the Philip my own dear.
Cause they all smile so smudged in all the pundits that I speak.
Like a fox and friends, I believe they're my friends.
And they're really narrowed out big.
You asshole, I know it's true.
Confusing to others, I'm crazy.
I know that man, they're in the wife house as the grudges of the Lord.
I lost my cop, my money's gone.
That's what I've been flippin' for.
They came for my family, I'll say shit not a grig,
but I have no better hand so I should be alright until they come for me.
I know it's true, convincing to others, not a sorry own baby.
I've got the groove and the bank is true.
Cause the sorry own baby.
Look at that, people are asleep.
How's that road map coming by the way, George?
Oh, I got it right here.
A few more explosions this morning in Gaza, but it's gone to the point now where it's not even worth talking about anymore.
I think we ought to have a more editorial about any news from the Middle East.
It's just the same old crap, I've been telling you that for about 100 years,
just the same old stuff and adducing the herbs they're killing each other,
and they always will kill each other.
And if I'm making a difference, which talking heads are giving you a song of dance,
they can make all the goddamn maps they want,
forward, left to right, right to left, Hebrew well, whatever,
and they ain't gonna make no difference.
Here's a fact that somebody actually likes you, which is shocking.
I know.
It's a good omen.
Once again, George hits the nail on the head.
When did anybody ever say that?
I don't know.
They just did, though, in this fact,
the Blair Witch Project was the one, so far in the Apollots,
it's just the one running away.
We just barely started with this thing.
Blair Witch Project was the worst,
see, then this has got lines through it.
The worst something steaming pile of overhide smit,
I've ever been conned into watching.
Even worse than what was in that bowl in a train spotting.
It was on the cover of Newsweek.
What a joke.
The two guys who made this movie are millionaires.
They left all the way to the bank.
Peace of Shmit, it says.
And it's got 18 votes.
The worst thing was it's nothing.
The worst, or most disappointing movie ending ever was Blair Witch Project 18,
Donny Darko 3, Magnolia 2, 60 Reasons Separation 2,
last American version 1.
That's probably gotten there so far.
I've got a couple.
Okay.
One vanilla sky.
Vanilla sky.
I agree.
And the other one, I don't know how many people are going to have seen this one.
It's a French movie.
V-Doc.
I mean, you're burnt.
V-Doc.
V-Doc.
You shoot in V-Doc?
Yeah, like the...
Sherlock Holmes is predecessor.
V-Doc, the French, the French detective.
Play by Gerard Lippard.
Oh, I hate him.
Oh, God, I can't stand that guy.
Movie was awesome.
The cinematography was incredible.
The end makes it not worth seeing that.
How are we spelling this?
It's a V-I-D-O-Q.
V-Doc.
V-Doc.
You shoot.
And V-Doc.
And you still hit us.
Okay, that Gerard Gepardot, Magneka.
What is he all about?
He's kind of like the French Hugh Grant.
You know what I'm saying?
So much worse than that.
I mean, what is Hugh Grant all about?
There's another guy.
He's ugly.
He can't act.
He's an idiot.
He's not fat.
He's not fat.
Like, you know what I mean?
He's not fat with a huge shot.
Like Gerard Gepardot.
He's tragic.
Oh, and more whatever I love, the guesses are one of my movie channels yesterday.
In fact, on several of them.
Like, Kaja Fagadoran.
The original one.
Not that stupid one.
He's not the bird cage.
Not Kaja Fagadoran.
He likes to do one because he likes Fagadoran.
He likes Fagadoran.
I would have thought he would like to...
What was the bother that we keep forgetting that?
In the original?
In the original one.
What was his name?
Oh, you're the one that he always wrote.
He'll come to me again.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
It'll pop into my brain.
Hang out with your friends.
It's just something to do while you're hanging out with your friends.
It's just something to do while you're hanging out with your friends.
It's just something to do while you're hanging out with your friends.
It's just something to do while you're hanging out with your friends.
It's just something to do while you're hanging out with your friends.
It's just something to do while you're hanging out with your friends.
It's just something to do while you're hanging out with your friends.
It's just something to do while you're hanging out with your friends.
It's just something to do while you're hanging out with your friends.
It's just something to do while you're hanging out with your friends.
It's just something to do while you're hanging out with your friends.
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
How come I missed that?
The pregame to give is at 2 o'clock.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
We're pretty shocked about that.
560獲釣
1047-560og
We got some bad news boys and girls.
You see who died?
Well, no, late leak.
Thanks to CosmptaCon by Karstars from backstage.
story. How can I have missed this? I missed a lot of stuff this morning, I guess. Well,
I was so entranced by it. Listen to that. The stories about the golf thing yesterday
with the Thrill and, uh, and Mo, we were all riveted. I couldn't believe it. Anyway, in
ancient skulls from Ethiopia, from Interface, it's in New York Times. But I go to USA today
and I don't find that story, but I do find one that we should have had that you should have
well warned me about this. I would have probably had to take the day off today. David Brinkley's
dead. He's dead. He's dead. Get out. Remember when they carried him out of the
burning house just a few months ago? Yeah. Remember that? There was a fire and he couldn't
get out because he was like bedridden, right? Well, he sure went fast. Don't tell you that. See,
when your eyeballs start falling out of their sockets as usually not a two and not too good of a sign.
Wow. Because toward the end, they were on him when he was still doing that Sunday morning show.
His eyeball, one of them was like about halfway down his cheek and the other one was like real,
real red, you know? With speaking to that, what about Olivia on guiding light? What's the problem
with her left eye? Have you ever seen that? No. That story is getting pretty intensely in that show.
David Brinkley, who first gained famous one half of NBC's Huntly Brinkley anchored team and for more
than a half century loomed large in the newscasting world, he helped chart loomed large. Wouldn't
default like that expression. He lived large and he loomed large. That's a deforestation.
In the newscasting world, he helped chart died at the age of 82. Brinkley died yesterday and
last night at his home in Houston of complications from a fall. Damn it. During his career, which in
recent years took him to ABC, Brinkley won 10 Amy Awards, three George Foster Peabody Awards,
the Foster Hewitt Award, and in 1992, the Presidential Medal of Freedom Nations High Subitone
Honor. Former President Bush, that's Bush 1, called him the Elder Statesman of Broadcast Journalism
of Brinkley's Book of Himself and Less Grand Theos Terms. He stepped down his host of ABCs this
week with David Brinkley November 96, but continued doing commentaries. He left him at a rare
controversy and in apology, later on the next election that after a long evening, he had said
unkind things about President Clinton on ear calling him a boor. Oh, well there you go.
Payback is a bitch, ain't it David? A boor or a boor? A boor, B-O-R-E, a boor.
Clinton sat for an interview on Brinkley's live show anyway and after Brinkley apologized,
I told him, I always believe you have to judge people on their whole work and if you get
judged based on your whole work, you came out way ahead. Well, how do you like that?
I always like that, David Brinkley, no? And it goes on and on. See, you're not old enough to remember
Good Night, Chet. Good Night, David. No, they hauntly Brinkley report. No. That was one of the great
moments of TV back in the days when we had like real news casters and real news and water cronkite.
Oh, those were the days, man. Before the circus, before the Ricky Tickey Sanchez,
the world came along and turned it all into a big circus. Here's some more for, I don't want to
get too emotional about that. Anyway, the story about the ancient skull, I mean, it's it's, uh,
yeah, I mean, it's an interesting story, but the guy made it sound like it was a, like the end
of the world kind of a discovery. I mean, a religionist will always have an excuse.
Satan put it there. That's right. It's Satanism. It's an act of the devil. Just like all that carbon
dating man, it's just bull crap, it's just more of the devil's work. The devil's handy work,
just like Hillary's book, Satan scientist in the 160,000 year old fossilized skulls of two
adults in a child found in Ethiopia, scientists see they think they think they see for the first time
the faces of the immediate ancestors of modern humans. You think one of them might have been kind
of moe? I wonder about the hair piece, except for a few archaic characteristics, the skulls are
readily recognizable. They're longer than they're knee-and-the-thulph in temporary from your
razor-roy ancestors. Longer than they're knee-and-the-thulph contemporaries, their mid-faces are broad,
but the nasal bones are tall and narrow. The brow ridges are less prominent. I wonder if they
look like mozo? The brow ridges are less prominent than I know this blade in the skulls from
earlier branches of the family tree, and the cranial vaults are higher and within modern
dimensions. The discovery of the oldest near modern human remains announced yesterday is
considered a major step. See, I told her this was an important story that guy was right. Considered
a major step in establishing the time and place for the emergence of anatomically modern homo sapiens,
a lot of homos back then, probably 150,000 years ago in Africa as previous genetic studies suggested.
Ready for that? I'm ready. But the Bible says God created a world like what,
6,000 years ago something like that? Right. So this doesn't jive with the Bible, so Tom Broko
may have had a point there, and hey Tom, you better not be talking like that. They're going to
sweep your ass off the ear in a hurry. Look what they did to poor David Brinkley. He didn't get the
message, I guess, when they sent him that first anthrax envelope, Broko. And then of course,
there was Dan. Remember how emotional they both got? Well Dan got emotional, but not so much about
the anthrax, but about the attacks and I'm loving on Letterman. And then Broko got all emotional and
Ducey I cracked, broke down because one of his secretaries was exposed to the anthrax. Right.
Anyway, let me, I'm trying to remember, did anybody beside the guy in in Lantana at the
enquire building? Anybody else died from those anthrax? That's the idea. And have they found out
they were dragging the lake there? They were dragging in it, draining it. They were dragging it and
dragging it and checking it out to see if it was not unised. And they didn't find squatting there,
I don't think. But they still have that Stephen Hatville is still a pretty interesting guy, they said.
Right. I don't think so. I saw him. I didn't think he was too interesting. The vanishing, it says,
the Hollywood version was a complete cop out opting for a happy ending. Yeah. The Hollywood version.
What does that mean? Another, it was originally a Dutch or something like that. Oh, that's right.
That's the one we talked about the other day. The Dutch movie was great and you're right. That's an excellent
choice. Since David, chronic factor, unbreakable. We're Samuel Johnson confesses and
Washington read what it says because they give away the ending. Yeah, not that I'm, huh?
You saw that? Yes. Then they're, well, we're getting some good choices on here now. Finally,
it's a little slow and Hannibal is stupid ending for a bad movie it says.
We want to put that on here? Sure. Okay, there we go. And he also says David,
Berkeley's dead. Thank you, David. Good night, Trent. Good night, David. Good night, John Boyd.
And good night for NBC News. Oh, that, I mean, it was like your life when you lived in that era. See,
what you missed? Huh? You missed all the good stuff. I'll just wait around for something else to
come along. Well, that's not coming. Oh, look at that. Blair Witch Project. You know why? I didn't
vote for that because I never saw it. You're like that. I didn't get sucked in. I didn't get
conned by the hype. We raced to the theater. Why? Ranned because it was the biggest monumental thing
and you weren't going to get a see. Get out of here. Are you crazy? Everybody said right from the
beginning. As soon as I saw what it was, it was like a make-believe movie by a bunch of punks.
No, it was groundbreaking. Not that, you know, I hate to say that. It was heartbreaking based on
what I'm seeing on here. 75 votes on a survey. The worst or most disappointing movie ending ever,
Blair Witch Project 45. 45 out of 75. You should have seen the theme in the theater.
What do you mean that? People wanted to riot. They wanted your money back. We were all dumb-founded.
Everybody was panthering. Everybody was convinced that they were going to end the movie after the
credits. It's kind of a way to be funny. Yeah. And they didn't. So everybody just kind of milled
around like started talking about it. Like, what did we miss? I don't know. We all missed the same thing.
Okay, LC Matrix Reloaded, which I noticed we already got that on. A boy, we're sure not wasting
any time today. We're getting these on their fast, owner boy. I'm not even reading them on the
ear. And they're already on the pool. That's good. I can't imagine why. Eric's right on top of it
today, right? Yep. Well, the good news is all of this fussing and fudent between Eric and the
Carlos is coming to an end because in a few days, Carlos is going to have full control over
this pool. He'll be able to put it on there to add to it. We won't have to burden Eric with this
in between all his branches. He's got more important fish to fry. Andy, made tricks Reloaded 7,
Vanilla Sky 6, Latin American Virgin 5, Magnolia 5. George, you must have paid these people.
No, I didn't even vote for that. But I don't understand. What more did we want after three hours
in eight minutes? What more was there? You know how like the Tom Cruise storyline came to a nice
tidy conclusion. But I'm going to get so frustrated. I'm going to start breaking things.
I mean, this is my part. That isn't the way life is. I know. Not every movie. Not any movie
ties up everything. And a nice tidy thing. It would have all on top at the end. It can't. There's
a lot of different. God there. You'd still be watching the thing now. Be like a six hours
hour movie. Whatever. Christ, you hit the nail on the head. They say they want it to be true
to light and show how some things end well. Some things don't end. They wanted to give a nice
impression of that. And I thought, right, that's why that song that I keep playing here, that
Amy Man song is the Siser Rider head right on the ahead. There's no use. Just give up. They did.
Well, after three hours, name it. That should be enough for it. Last American Virgin 5, Donnie
Darko 3. Don't watch it. You'll be very depressed. Six degrees of separation. Two minority
reports. Two Vidak. Vid we dock. None. And Diabolique has done yet. Let's see. Here's one. It says,
I've seen Fight Club about 30 times. Man, still don't get the ending. Slide. Slide the Brad Pitt on
your pool. Okay. Fight Club. We'll slide it. I saw enough of it. I saw little bits and pieces. I
said, I don't think that's for me. It's not for me. A lot of people like it like all. Not for me.
It's a lot of my bag. Just ain't my bag. And now that I mentioned that they my bag, what's in the box?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, Tom 5, 60 on the 18t and Verizon. Wireless line. Lots of great stuff waiting for you
inside the animal coast when you walk into the animal coast locations. Any one of the three. You look
around and you're almost like swoon because there's so much food there. You say, you're self-worthy.
Hello, I start like walking into a sea of food. Not just another Chinese buffet, but it's like
a legend to it. It's sensational. Three locations for either in sunrise, North Miami Beach,
and the newest one is in Pemberg Pines. Start out with six different kinds of soups. You can try one or
two or all of them if you like. If you're real pig, and then sample dozens and zillions of succulent
entrees. New York strip made of order at the gourmet center. That's a sizzling Asian grill where
they cook everything to order just the way you like it. They feature grilled shrimp scampi style,
jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon, and the new seafood saying, Jacques. And if that isn't enough,
there's lots more. Try their dungeonist crab and ginger and scallions, hand card for a
bit in the brand new Oriental chicken salad. Like I always tell you, no crap at the Emelcoast,
no MSG, no cornstarch. You never walk out of there with a pounding headache, only with a big
smile on your post because they cook all of their great stuff only with cholesterol for your
oils and no garbage. The buffet features a full salad bar, sushi bar, fresh rim cocktail too,
and a tremendous dessert bar if you bring a longer crowbar make room for dessert. They've got pies
and cakes, pastries, ice cream and all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit as well. You find the
Emelcoast in sunrise, Pine Island of 44th Street. They're on Collins Avenue just north of
163rd and prestigious North Miami Beach and at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke roads
in Pembroke Pines. So take the whole family. They got some ishbah or book your next business
lunch and right now to the Emelcoast. All size parties welcome. Let them do the cook and
for you. It's a real treat. Take out and deliver you always available too. Call 954-5723822-954-5723822
for information on the world's most incredible Chinese buffet, the Emelcoast.
I'm Mike and you all. This is Sports Radio Flight City.
We are our David's a bitch.
I'm a American that's why I gotta sing about this white day. All right.
The sear it falls on a Saturday. The white day is special to me.
Rather than stars stripes there to make you feel patriotic.
You know what's so idiotic. It's a reason for a sale of them all.
What the hell's wrong with them? Anything to take himself.
The lake feels a bit.
The
This Saturday it's a big day but you didn't know that didn't it's flag day?
No I didn't. I guess I didn't get a big one.
A big tattoo of a flight right on my ass.
Go ahead and get a big tattoo and put it right on your forehead.
It can't be a real patriot.
Now you say don't know if you'll be able to read this.
This story that you facts me that somebody sent in the answer right now.
Plus it's a kind of leisure thing. We don't want to pick on Dr. Rice.
Do we?
Are they show?
Get all in people all whipped up again. Sure we do.
Bitch.
David Bocca says, oh that was the article from the Washington Post.
Does that the one to kind of leisure thing?
Thanks David. I can't read it. It's a bad copy.
Sturges fault.
Plus I don't have time to be reading a lot of bedtime stories.
Do you realize we haven't even gotten to the VH one thing?
The list?
Oh God.
Anyway, oh I hate that thing.
I know. See if I wanted to be Mr. Cool, which I'm not and I never will be and never have been.
See there are some people that go through life and they want to be Mr. Cool.
I'm just an old fart. I'm a fat old Jew, you know.
And it's just the way it is. I've never got to be cool.
I never would dream to be cool.
I don't want to be cool to me.
To me, people who tell you that they're cool, they are not cool.
To follow what I'm saying?
Yeah.
If somebody's cool, you know it.
They don't have to go through all kinds of gyrations to prove it to you.
But you just doesn't say that you don't like that song.
And especially, Joe Castello, wake out of a deep sleep
and come in and start beating people up just because he pissed off.
At least Carlos, he's about to be on the one small enough room to beat up.
Because in Urvana and smells like teenage smegma, I mean, that's like,
oh, you can't knock that.
You just can't say it or you're about as uncool.
You're a square as a cardboard box.
What if we genuinely like it?
You're entitled to like it, but I don't like it.
I genuinely don't like it.
No, I'm not saying that everybody who likes that song does it to pretend to be cool.
But if you dare say that you don't like it,
that guarantees that's like the final stamp on your forehead.
Where you're going to put the American flag, that's the stamp on my forehead.
This man is Mr. Uncool.
And I say, I'm proud to be that cool.
Right, that's me and I'm very proud of it.
Anyway, Tracy and Kendall says,
good morning, my voters for the movie, The Worst Ending, Monsters Balls.
Monsters Ball.
It was who, and they put all of these down because I'm not writing them down.
I'm just assuming since you guys are really right on top of it and you're all over Ericsass,
The Worst Ending is Monsters Ball.
A week movie with Schmitty Dialogue, I suffered through it only to come to a lifeless ending.
I thought it was fine. I was thinking about recommending it.
The only good thing about it is we're Heath Ledger and Halley Berry's award-winning
Teats. Other than that, forget about it says Tracy and Kendall.
Heath Ledger.
What the hell is she talking about?
Oh, that was way early on in the movie.
Anyway, I'm writing it down on it.
Anyway, you vote some Monsters Balls?
Oh, speaking of Monsters Balls, I was just thinking, you know,
the guy that called it earlier in the show was Rippin the Beast.
This was really great test, while I love that call.
I'm thinking that since Clarence and the Beast need to want them to get laid.
I'm thinking maybe the two of them.
Two of them what?
They're pretty tight.
They both had that UN thing in common.
They're both silly.
Oh, I mean, don't go there.
See, it's too late. I already got the image.
Yeah.
Well, we know who'd be on a bottom.
We do?
I'll give you a clue.
Oh, yeah, the big guys don't, he's not going to be on top.
Are you kidding me?
He could even move it enough.
The big ones long and one's wide.
Can't you just see Clarence not going to be?
See?
Huh?
How about Betzie thinking about it right now?
He's sitting there in his orcish right now.
It is a little plywood desk thinking about,
you know something that might not be too bad in the dark.
Of course, it'd be quite a challenge to find the right
orifice that would eat you and make the attack.
You think he could find the right orifice?
Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon, somebody says.
I never heard of that.
Is that all the name of the movie?
Yeah, that's the name and it was big.
Oh, my cellphones ring it.
It must be the beast.
Your bookie.
They go through all this trouble to make an antidote and they heroize anyway.
Then the girl dives off a bridge and floats down to her death horrible ending.
And there's the ending for us.
You won't have to waste your time seeing it.
Got these down?
Got it. Crouching Tiger.
Cast away.
It says, had a stupid, and oh, this is Tim Potts.
He's not put his name on her anymore.
But Jesus and the facts is slip.
Yes, look at her.
But we'll put it down anyway.
Tim, just because if we don't put it down,
you'll cry a lot and go back and cry, Mommy Shoulder.
Poor Tim.
Cast away, had a stupid ending.
I like the movie with the end left you wondering what the F was that all about.
Yeah, I don't like that.
I don't like investing that time and getting emotionally involved in it like,
uh-huh, okay, what what what is this?
And that's exactly what happened, Donnie Darko.
Those last five minutes are enough to just send you off the deep end.
I mean, it was you didn't see either one of you.
No, I'm not going to.
Good good good choice.
Excellent choice.
The worst or most disappointing movie ending ever ever.
Blair Witch Project 60.
Marcus, uh, Marcus, Marcus, Marcus matrix,
matrix reloaded.
26 vanilla sky 12, Magnolia 9, minority report 5,
last American virgin 5.
Donnie Darko's only got three and it's a small potatoes after that.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Here's a call from the Redlands.
Hello.
Morning.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
I'm doing great.
No, okay.
I've been here for a while.
I forgot.
I called it.
Uh, I call it, I guess, give you a movie.
It was the longest damn movie I think I've ever watched in my life.
And it just like ended like where it started.
Okay.
It was called the last emperor.
This has been quite a few years ago, maybe 10 or 12 years ago.
Okay.
The three hour movie.
And you keep thinking, you know, this is going to change.
This is going to change.
And I just always said it's like over.
And I got another idea while I go and somebody else called in
on the vanishing.
Does anyone move the movie's vanishing point?
No.
With, uh, I can't even get a bury somebody.
I can't even go to the name.
Very require.
No, no, no.
Very Jackson.
Very jackass, yeah.
Go ahead and look.
It just ended so badly.
And you know, throughout the whole movie,
you think this guy is going to turn to a hero and then
it just goes away.
Yeah, I hate that.
That was the, those were both horrible.
Or I hate very too.
I don't know which one, but whoever does, I can't stand him.
Okay. Thanks a lot, pal.
Take care, man.
Have a great day.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
A lot of these movies, man, it's going to be a long list.
All right.
Believe me, it's going to be a long list because a lot of the movies that,
and I will say this a lot of mediocre movies also
that get worse at the end.
Or in other words, you think it might get better.
And then the ending is even worse that you're hoping that it'll pull it up.
But generally speaking, I think most of us are really dismayed by movies
that really have so much promise.
And then you get those last five or 10, the critical moments,
the climax, or it's going to end at the end of it, you know?
Kind of like Debbie does Dallas.
5 6 7, that was a good movie.
Never saw it.
I keep trying to turn you on to Bambi Woods.
I don't want to tell you about Britney Spears and Balei.
You made Bambi Woods or somebody you must check out.
She's probably about 80 years old now, but he's curious.
Huh?
Maybe her teeth come out now.
She was a fine young blonde lady, you know?
She was one of those blondes that Charlie on passions would like to do away with.
He's still not watching passions.
And Sheridan is down in the pit.
Poor Sheridan is down in the pit and precious to the monkey, the chimp.
And Mrs. Wallace are sitting up there helpless eating popcorn while
Charlie is laughing and ranting off her throwing Sheridan down in the pit.
There was a long fall.
She never broke a bone.
She never, she got that baby she's waiting on.
No problem.
I just go on Sheridan, you go girl.
Sam Tony, you're missing a good stuff.
5 6 7 0 fights.
The funny issue on TV bar none.
There's nothing that's even close, not even a close second to passions.
Oh, but it's a soap opera.
Well, it's not really a soap opera.
It's a comedy show.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
All right.
I maybe I was just too baked to understand the ending.
But maybe George can explain it.
Probably.
Momentum.
Oh, you need to see it again.
You'll get it.
George needs to see it again.
I was just really baked.
I actually started twice when I still didn't get it.
Really?
Could you explain the ending?
If we do, we'll root it for everybody.
Yeah, right?
Yeah, for everybody.
But the thing to do is if you've already seen it,
what you have, go out and get the DVD.
Have the DVD?
No, I've not.
I've no police.
Go on and get the double set.
The big thick set.
And the second disc,
if you go on the ex.com thing,
there are Easter eggs on there.
There's a way that you can watch the movie
in chronological order.
So it really starts at the beginning.
And it does the backwards thing.
And then it's a piece of cake.
Then you know exactly what it was all about.
Wonderful.
Okay.
Thanks again.
Thank you.
Now he's right.
I mean, if you're not one of those people who like his kind of
backwards thinking like us,
maybe that's why we can relate to it.
Because we like our backwards thinking,
well, what's standing upside down when I watched it?
Yeah, that always helped.
Well, the guy said he was half baked when he watched it.
Of course, in your case.
I was totally baked.
No, you weren't half baked.
You were totally baked.
That's a movie.
Baked in a half.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, five, oh, maybe that Ben and Jerry's half.
What's the name of that ice cream?
Is it called half baked?
Half ass.
No, you know the one I'm talking about.
Oh, no.
God, you get with it.
What do you mean you don't know?
I don't like the ice cream section
like some people looking for new flavors.
I know.
I do.
And sometimes I even resist.
I kept my honor.
I resisted.
Sometimes not very often.
No, I get an ice cream.
I've got a shitter problem.
You know that.
I'm not too proud to tend to that.
Look at poor David Brinkley.
He died.
And I'm a daughtering old fart myself.
I got in fact one eyeball this morning
is done about where my larynx is.
I can see you like the guys at the adult bookstore
but in the ice cream section with your trench coat.
Yeah.
That's true.
We do wear a trench coat when I go in to check out
the Inesli's Turtle Ice Cream.
I kind of turtle when I see a big gift
contain one of those double two liter of jobs.
Why can't they make that in pines?
You know, all the stuff that I like,
they make either a half gallons or a bit.
Pretty soon they're going to have like in gigantic tubs, you know.
Like in a keg.
Oh, here's the four pound container.
Come here.
Everything that I like, the crap that I don't like,
you can get that like in little tea.
You know, like Hagen does makes it,
which I hate Hagen does,
but they make these little teeny tiny.
Have you ever seen them?
Yes.
They're like little dixie cups.
Remember in school,
you used to get that ice cream with like little,
they had the little plaid lid that you peel off.
And there's like about a thumbful in there.
Chocolate and vanilla.
Woo!
Pretty tempting if you asked me.
Wow.
I could handle that if it was something that I'd like,
but you can't get the really good flavors like in just a little bit to satisfy.
You have to buy like a tub,
like a half a gallon, like a two liter.
If you're a tub, you buy a tub.
That's me.
And how about the beast?
The beast in clearance, by the way,
I heard that they're already on the wire talking about it.
They're on the line.
That's what I'm hearing.
You know, maybe we can get glad,
we can get glad Anthony to tape it.
Oh, oh, to tape it.
All right.
Can you imagine the money we can raise,
shelling that on our website?
No.
Who would buy that?
Clarence mounts the beast.
1113 at 560 WDQM,
I'll tell you, you ought to mount right over to Barbecue's Galore,
because they've got an unbeatable selection of grills.
All summer long, you're going to be grilling it,
cooking it, heating up your meat.
And of course, the grills that I'm talking about are ones that you find exclusively
in these two great stores called Barbecue's Galore.
This way, check out their incredible deal on the three-burder Barbecue Chef,
a Barbecue's Galore exclusive.
It's only $199 with 42,000 VTUs,
a 625-square-inch cooking area,
and built-in hood thermometer,
you just can't beat this deal for a liquid-propeying grill.
For all your traditional stuff,
check out the new Beef Master charcoal grill,
another Barbecue's Galore exclusive.
Can you imagine how much they would have enjoyed that
if they would have had that,
what's that movie I was starting to watch the other day?
Train spotting.
No, not train spotting,
but one day a cleverness amount.
Right, ravenous.
They could cook grimminous with their steak.
They'd be ravenous and grimminous.
Anyway, this one is only $199 with more than 600 squarances
of cooking space, cast iron cooking grills,
and adjustable fire grade and full-width ash catcher.
Both of these grills will make a perfect gift for Father's Day this Sunday.
And speaking of Father's Day,
Barbecue's Galore's got great gift ideas for dead and all price ranges.
Many of them under $50 bucks for your cheap skates.
Barbecue's Galore carries the biggest selection
of Barbecue's accessories, including gas,
charcoal, smokers, tailgate supplies,
all.
Here's the best part at the guaranteed lowest prices.
Also, why do they be sure and take advantage
of no payments in his cash financing
till January 2004 on approved credit?
You'll find stores,
in Plantation University,
driving a fountain shopping center,
and a crawl springs on the corner of Sample and Rock Island Road
for everything you're going to be needing all summer long
to be heeding up that meat.
Barbecue's Galore, it's unbeatable.
LINE AND LOCO
RIDE AND LOCO
RIDE AND LOCO
RIDE AND LOCO
The Rogers is my lover.
Well, congratulations.
Get a ride.
LINE AND LIKES
FADERED AND YOUR
LITERED
OR
LINE AND LIKES
FADERED AND YOUR
Yes.
My religion wants you required
to avoid a length of fire
by religious battered and yours.
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than yours.
Why my religion has the taste
of industry and racial hate
by religion's better than your
A ride.
My religion's better than your
religion.
My religion's better than yours.
Barbecue's tool.
When we like about the best
I find the voice
and wear a dress.
My religion's better than yours.
Why your religion is better than your religion.
Why your religion is better than yours?
We tend to believe
that a courtman
drives a cab to make a living
by your religion
better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
I'm the bearded Hoş
I'm the bearded Hoş
Mein religion is better than yours.
F reehing
give me a 현재
My religion is better than yours
my religions are better than yours
We not endorse the father, we like former blush, this new R.U.
Prime religion's better than your words.
Prime religion's better than your religion.
Prime religion's better than your words.
We wear ties and ride our bikes and get to Mary lots of wives.
Prime religion's better than yours.
Prime religion's better than your religion.
Prime religion's better than yours.
We don't want to use our brain for mindless living, hungry,
Prime religion's better than yours.
It's a Lubbant 21 at 560 WDQ.
We got a short show today.
Bad news, we got tomorrow on pre-game at 130 bad news for some.
Good news for us.
Uh-oh!
We're pretty excited about it.
Here's Tom who faxes and says,
My choice for your poll is,
Contact with Jody Foster.
Ooooooo!
It has a great story concept that was very poorly executed,
Too much religion in the movie, F religions says Tom.
Amen!
Right on, sweetheart.
Have a book exam here.
Yeah, we'll talk about it here.
Really?
Contact, yes.
Huh. Well, let's get that on there right away, boner boy.
Or whoever's doing all of this, because I'm not writing these down.
And we actually have a little bit of a contest going on.
I look like the Blair Witch Project was going to run away and dot so fast.
Hold your horses, man.
Right.
Disappointing their minds.
The worst or most disappointing movie ending ever was,
And again, keep in mind, we're not talking about the movie itself,
But about the ending.
Blair Witch Project 70.
Matrix Reloaded 58.
We got a battle on our hands, boys.
Vanilla Sky 14.
I mean, it's way back to that.
Magnodian 9.
To all of you.
Even boner boy grew something on that, because he knows you better.
Yeah.
Look how much trouble you had not yet paid this last time.
I'm not going through that again.
Do we dare tell a story about boner boy at the ATM?
I will say that little later on.
No, no, no, forget that.
Oh, man.
That's the mind for a while.
I bring that off.
Everything that's in the audience needs to know.
Just what a tough life you've got.
The day before yesterday was the dog, the dog peed on him.
And then you're your dog, right?
The same one that you lost a week ago.
Thank him personally by marking him.
Right.
I forget what it was yesterday.
The car.
The car.
The noisy.
Right.
The noisy.
Right.
The car.
Because my license was expired.
Right.
And then today it was the beginning.
I didn't get paid on payday because George just somehow screwed up on pay and his car.
So we didn't get paid for any clearance, which is a bad excuse.
And I had a borrow $100 from George, which is really when you got a borrow money from George,
you're desperate.
I mean, that's really the thing.
And goes to the ATM this morning, you little cash.
And the ATM sucked up his card.
It wouldn't give it back.
So you're a deadbeat.
You can't have this back.
But now it's everything that you told us to do because clearance would like to know where the ATM slot is.
Okay.
That's how desperate clearance is for some action.
Yeah, but it's sideways.
That's okay.
He'll work it out.
I had missed out on the George on Thursday.
The little black cloud that was following me around.
There's a dark cloud following these guys around now.
It started with Carlos and I was like, it's an over to George.
So it's a damn good thing that I'm not there.
75 votes for Blair Witch Project.
64 for Matrix Reloaded.
5th.
Now what do we got today?
We got the Marlon game.
I already give that.
And then Hank is on after the game.
Another short show for the Ompermann.
He is going to have the summer of his life.
He's on for like 20 minutes one day and I want to have the next day.
Nice going, Fatt.
So you're doing it, man.
I guess we don't forget.
Yeah, go Texas.
Well, that's right.
And if Texas should win a game on Saturday night at the Occalins World Series in Omaha,
that means that Monday at one, the Occalins play a Texas again.
Of course, of course, Cards World Series is a double elimination tournament.
So that would be on Monday at one, which means we get an hour off on Monday.
Go long, horns, go up and down.
A field.
Come on, guys. Let's do it.
I hate and I hate Texas.
So I can't stand that team.
Football, baseball, they just make me nauseous.
That whole the hook and horns thing you know they do with a fingers.
No, I got a finger for them.
But in this case, we're rooting for him really hard.
Even George is going to be our tuned into that game.
He's going to be good to it.
Here's a call from Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Well, only me.
First time called on Cannondale.
Okay, but nevertheless.
Nevertheless, quick questions.
When you say movie ending, when you watch a movie and it's set up for the sequel,
is that about ending or just a regular ending?
And the same question?
Yeah, I know.
I do understand your question.
That is a good question.
Well, there's a sequel and it's really not the end.
I mean, it's right.
You can still do both.
You can still set up the sequel in a good way where it ends like at the end of a chapter for a decade.
Right.
Okay, so I got blown the eighth and lower the rim.
Okay.
Okay.
You got them down.
Okay, bye.
Thank you.
You're going to pain me to write that down.
I don't know my fingers are going to be able to do it.
For example, the matrix is a perfect example of how.
What would you mean we're going to have to pay you to write that down?
No, it pains me to write that down.
Well, okay.
Yeah, you got the paper.
Well, that's his opinion.
I know, but physical Lord of the Rings planted of the apes.
We're not going to be politically correct just to make you happy, Mr. Misery boy.
Lord of the apes.
Lord of the Rings and planted of the apes.
Whatever the hell that was.
Wasn't that a planted of the apes and Lord of the Rings?
Time, I'm trying to say it wrong and I can't do it.
Oh, look at the battle we got going out.
Blair Witch Project.
You thought was a runaway winner, didn't you, Mr. Smarty pants?
75 matrix reloaded.
Suddenly, it qualifies that I could vote for two.
Yeah, guess what?
I didn't see either one of them.
So I feel much better.
I feel almost redeemed now.
Very uncool and very square and old, but redeemed.
Oh, it's picking up fangs.
Man, they're coming.
Let's see if the tourism down with all the stars business and Mad Cow and everybody getting all bent out of shape
about every illness that's ever been invented and people staying away from Toronto.
Now that they passed the game mirrored thing here, there's fags flying in some of them even on a plane.
Oh, it's incredible.
They're coming in for all over the world now.
There's killer.
Get the pigeon.
Getting hooked up.
Not too late to the beast in clearance.
If you're going to do all of those things at least let's make it legal boys.
Still the police.
Six.
I can't see it.
I can envision a stop.
I want to say.
In fact, if somebody did some good artwork for us, we could probably be picked it on our website.
Put that mozo right out of business.
Shoulder up and we're ready.
The Neal Deals keep on rolling from Tom Layland and Joe Prieto, our good close personal pyazons at Halif Pontiac GMC.
Here's Neal Deal number one going on right now.
Get 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock.
Neal Deal number two, get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC in Pontiac in stock.
An attention, current and former military personnel get you an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Halif.
Neal Deal number three, at least a new 2004 Grand Prix GT1 for as low as $289 that's a 36 month lease.
See these are four details or like it says here, four details.
I didn't know who hit Tom Hadter-Fro.
Now at Halif test drive any vehicle on the lot for 24 hours.
That's where I take it.
I don't take it to work.
I take it to the massage parlor and you can test drive it for 24 hours.
And of course, it's always Halif's gotten on people's selection of dependable and certified pre-owned car trucks SUVs.
And will not be picky when it comes to your credit if your credit is marginal, even if it's weak like Beener Boy.
They'll still get you to deal.
You should about your card, Halichmuck.
Halif Pontiac GMC 13401 South Fixie Highway that's US 1 across from the falls open every day, seven days a week, for more information called the Neal Deal Hotline Tool 3-1-88-5344-211.
One Tribal 8-534-424-211, don't forget all Neal Deals.
Subtracted approval, see data for details at Halif Pontiac GMC and they definitely are professional grades.
My and Laws, this is 4205 City.
Anyway, anyway.
It down near Kilmer.
From the respective network, it brought you inside the actor studio.
Comes a new reality show where one eligible bachelor is looking for love among 15 hopefuls in search of a soulmate.
Except this time, there's a catch.
They're all men, and here's another catch.
Not all of them are gay.
Bravo presents, boy meets boy.
I ain't thinking of no one that gay.
Ain't gonna know you gotta fake it.
Where you do, you walk funny with me.
Yeah, you walk a little weed.
You know, you can see me.
You're all under the pressure.
Hi boys, how you doing?
All on it.
How you doing, Joey?
Joe, I go by.
It's okay.
Hi, hi, don't Billy.
It's Mel.
To you.
Hi, hi, Billy.
Hi, guys, those are his first.
Just go down the first date with me.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Yeah, you wanna go fishing or something?
Can't help it so romantic.
I, uh, let it.
You look good in them pants.
Oh, thank you.
You're so sweet.
Yeah, you little mention it.
And it's a nice blouse you're wearing, Lenny.
Well, thank you very much, Melny.
So what do you guys know about?
We're gonna go fishing.
It's gonna be so romantic, Joey.
Joey.
Yeah, Joey.
By the way, let it.
Yeah.
Your ass looks good.
Oh, thank you so much.
You're so sweet.
Let me just go get my rod in real.
No, no, no, no, you never do that.
Wait me.
I know where your rod is.
To my truck.
Yeah, but I know where your rod is.
I'm not liking when this is going.
She's talking about it.
I don't like when this is going.
For by the way, Lenny.
Yes.
Your eyes is pretty.
Oh, Billy, you're a sweet one.
I just love you.
Oh.
And, uh, Lenny.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, Joey.
You look like you got a good slice of page.
Thank you so much.
It's here so, so nice.
Let's go fishing.
Let me go get my rod in real.
No, no, no, no, no.
I know where your rod is.
Yeah, I'm not hearing what you're saying to me, but.
How's about a quick kiss.
Ooh.
Ooh.
Maybe it builds your guy for that.
Billy?
Bill.
Look at the tongue on him.
Billy, quick kiss.
Oh, look.
I'm his gaze and ex-girl.
Hey, too.
I'm not saying I hate.
I'm a fruit-wolf.
By the way, no, S.I.
Draw on a line, and Lenny.
Till when, Mary.
I know kissing.
You two, Joey.
Yeah, well, I can see on a cheek, maybe.
This is a very romantic.
Why do you have to tongue out?
Fitch it tongue away.
Come on, you.
No, no, no, no, no.
Come on, you.
Fitch it tongue away.
Come on, you.
Boy needs boy.
Unbrawful.
I wonder if Clarice will kiss the beast on a cheek.
Huh?
What a long one.
Before they get any more serious.
Love a 34-26 tone-oom, Wii Wii, WIWI, it's the name of the facts here.
I like the Wii Wii.
Wii Wii Faxes is my vote is for a phone booth.
The movie sucks, but the ending blue.
They like that.
Movie sucks, but the ending blue.
You see it?
No, never heard of it.
You got it, Bonoboid.
Phone booth?
One word or two words.
Oh.
As whole is one word.
Phone booth is two words.
Okay?
Got it.
Look at the battle we got going on there.
Matrix reloaded, which came from not.
Do you really believe all of those votes?
I guess so.
Absolutely.
Okay, they hate it.
The ending.
The 8th place is voted 87.
Blair Witch Project 80 in Vinalescott 16, Ignore the 11th.
In other words, it's a two-house race.
Spectacular bid-diamond.
The 8th and 8th days ago, I forgot to mention that yesterday.
Very depressing.
I heard Moe was like weeping about it.
Also should I tell that story about War Emblem?
That Norma Kent called yesterday that fantasy that Norma is having?
Oh, yeah.
Norma is now so obsessed with being a professional queen.
He's telling stories about gay horses.
Oh, yeah.
Maybe he's got his eye on the War Emblem.
56670560, pound 560 on the 8th.
We've got a million open lines here on our moving endings, which is a shocking.
And the shocking is those crates.
Don't forget to look for the QM van.
New into one today at fast train.
5555 West Flag Restreet Mimie.
Stop by to win some free Marlon tickets.
Free courtesy of the real yellow pages from Bill Self and give him a massage to him again.
Okay.
Massage his ego.
Here's a call from Boka.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was trying to purge this movie from my memory, but this poll brought it back.
Did anybody say, I think it was called artificial intelligence?
No.
You remember, did you see that?
You ever heard of it?
It was bad and then it ended really horribly.
I can't suck into this movie.
It was like real futuristic.
It was robots and all kinds of stuff like that.
And the ending was just so childish and ridiculous.
I grew my TV out the window.
Oh, damn.
It was terrible.
Okay, Pally, we got you down.
Hey.
Yeah.
As far as Nirvana goes, I'm an old part like you and I.
I'm in Iraq.
Yeah.
I'm telling you, they refused to cow-tow to the corporate music world that wanted everybody to sound alike, sing alike, have the same sound and song.
They just said, screw that and just did their own thing.
Oh, her.
Smells like theme spirit.
That's awesome.
Every pal, I'll send you a copy right now.
Have a great day.
Everybody say everybody likes that?
I don't know.
Theme spirit.
Everybody likes that teenage smigman.
That's what he said.
Well, the reason I brought that up is because VH1 and it pains me to do this because VH1 is, you know, they are what they are.
List of the best songs of the past 25 years, the best 100 songs of the past 25 years.
And I still say any list of anything that goes beyond like maybe 10 or 25, maybe about 30, you know.
But beyond that, how do you differentiate between what's the 30 first best this song and what's the 35th? See what I'm saying?
Oh, it's big difference.
What's the difference between number 98 and number 99?
About this much.
In fact, number 98 is handsome.
You ready for that?
Between the Clarex and Beast imagery you're kindering.
And 99, Nora Jones and Don't Know Why.
Well, in fact, Clarex and Abbeast remind me a little bit about Hanson Hill.
They're kind of like you.
Not really sure what they are.
You see what I'm saying?
You look at that and you think, are they really related to that?
The inner thought that there was in that other story before?
You're not really sure exactly sure of what species they might be.
But anyway, number one, the best song of the past 25 years.
Now, how did they do this pool?
Because I only printed the thing out.
I didn't print the whole story on print out the criteria.
No.
And I really don't care because it's VH1 anyway.
Number one was...
Oh!
See, the guy says, everybody likes that.
I'm not saying the event all of their stuff was bad because I got the album here
and I think some of their stuff is great.
You know, I love that.
So it's not an anti-nervant thing.
But the fact that they were like ground breaking, that was the first thing that Bonerboy said.
And then he tried to pretend he was joking.
Ground breaking.
Ground breaking, baby.
Cutting edge.
Yeah!
Wind breaking.
Back up.
Oh, rock.
Okay, good.
I did what this tells me more than anything else is the last 25 years.
And we've discussed this before last 12 when we were doing our music stuff with the audience.
Hated.
Almost all of the songs that people liked the most were from before 1980.
Correct.
So the past 25 years this means 78 after 78 up until now.
And I would agree with that that most of the music and the movies also.
The last 25 years have been pretty mediocre.
And so what most said...
He said the first 60 weren't too bad.
But the past 25, a little week.
Number two was Michael Jackson, Billy Jean, according to VH1.
Guns and Rosa, sweet child of mine.
Number three, Eminem, lose yourself.
Number four, I have...
You know, if you played it, I would recognize it.
It's from Eidman.
It's Baked.
I don't know how big it is.
He makes me want a barf.
You two, who might be wanting a barf even more and one.
See, your taste of music is so bad, Neil.
What's that?
My taste of music is great.
Your description of you two is perfect.
Irish organ grind for music.
Right, that's right.
That's them.
That's a Bono.
I remember here, Sonny Bono, and Bono.
And I would rather die than hear him.
How's he doing by the way?
Run DMC, walk this way.
And I try.
Kind of funny.
Prince, when Doves Cry, this list is it, this will be a joke.
Whitney Houston, I will always love you, the wailing Whitney.
The first good song you really get, well, sweet child of mine is okay.
But the police, every breath you take, that's number nine on here.
That should be number one.
They destroyed that.
I don't care how much you were heard it.
It's a...
It's one of a kind.
That's one of the most phenomenal songs ever made by anybody alive.
I like it the first 500 times.
I don't care, every breath you take.
It's haunting.
That was the term they used to describe it, haunting.
I have it in the car.
Like cutting edge, groundbreaking, haunting,
Puking Ducin,
number 10, Madonna like a virgin.
Yeah, and we'll get to all the rest of these.
See, we could like start our own polls on these again, but we won't.
Absolutely not.
Because we exhausted that music thing last year and for this audience,
first of all, they hate my taste in music, but it does give them an opportunity
to take a cheap shot at me and they're like, suck up to George here.
Oh, George's taste in music is so much better.
Of course, the people to say that are the punks, you know,
the people are like, think that you're hip and cool under the age of 100.
Sorry.
George is going to be an old fart, okay?
Right, right.
On my way.
Wow.
So now, now, the only hope for the punks is Bonerboy.
Oh, Scott.
And don't forget about Scott for a...
And Scott, which we thought was really a cool guy,
and then we found out he plays golf with Moe, you know?
He's my age.
Scott.
Right.
Scott.
Yeah, he's a year younger.
I know how old you old guys are.
Shut it out.
Matrix Reloaded 94, the worst or most disappointing ending of any movie,
Matrix Reloaded 94, Blair Witch Project 84.
And that's it.
Everything else is like a...
Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon 19.
A little bit past.
I think they're freaking that.
You do?
Yeah, there was a...
I mean, it was...
Whatever.
It was a bad...
It was just...
20.
20.
Vanilla Sky 16, Magnolia 12.
Everybody else in single digits like Hannibal.
Hannibal's moving up a little bit, but only has...
Yeah.
So far.
Oh, clearance in the beast.
I can't wait to have like a big ceremony.
And Will slay me before the day's out if he keeps that up.
1143 at 560 WDQAM.
By now, you've been hearing about Lemonade's Aros on this program.
We've been telling you about him for a while now.
And how Lemonade would flooring from Lemonade's Aros is the easy...
This smart, the low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring.
Lemonade's Aros is the best place to find Lemonade's wood flooring from Peridor.
Willsonart Uniflorine Quick Step 2.
All the top names are waiting for you at Lemonade's Aros.
All installed by Pergo Certified Installers, too.
Here's another reason why you ought to be called Lemonade's Aros.
Their prices will absolutely floor you.
Right now, you can get their summer special.
For just 1995 bucks, you can get up to 380 square feet of beautiful Lemonade wood flooring.
Which is positively...
Oh, where?
Positively.
Unbelievable.
See, he's right next door, Dan.
By the way, how's Josh Morod doing, Dan?
He's still inside that closet.
And Lemonade's Aros will max any legitimate written offer free and home estimate.
Call Lemonade's Aros Tool Free 1-877-777-73336.
Piece of cake.
What could be easier?
Free carpet disposal.
Free furniture moving.
They give you 25-year warranty.
And then you have years and years of beautiful, easy-care, laminated wood flooring.
Call Lemonade's Aros today Tool Free 1-877-7333-7373336.
And be sure to count that old Neil told you to call.
My life and locals.
This is 4356-1-8-2-A-M.
People are iceholes.
Oh, boy, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy, boy.
Oh, boy, boy, boy.
I am old-hearted, daily, regrettably, and am ancient.
Although my old face are blue and red, it's purple, beige.
I don't know why they hate me.
Oh, why they always read me.
It must be because I got this blue and red, it's purple, beige.
A laine's bar on my arm like a random alley map of Lacoat.
I got beans on my nose, nobody knows that under my clothes I wear pantyhose.
But that don't mean that I'm gay.
If you think my arms have had you ought to see my legs.
Am I as long as people are smoothing shade to show little clasps the next time I'm raping?
I could go to a surgeon, but that gives me to shivers.
I would not want to walk out looking like Joan Rivers.
Where am I?
I buy a little beast, the fat little freak.
I get them up vapes now again afforded me.
The reason I dismissed that's taken fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up and he can't play connoisse.
Hey, somebody talk over there, nobody talk when I rap.
I rap then you talk.
Look at me, I'm hit, hit, I ain't no swear.
I'm a ding-dong daddy man, I'm really dead.
I buy a ready one I want, I don't care.
But believe they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair.
I've had pia myself and even happens to the greens.
Westwood once said you'll get out of here whilst we break your legs.
So now I sit by the pool, life's as good as it gets.
With my paladin cocktail, placing vets on the dents.
In paradise.
Paradise, I don't kiss nobody's ass in paradise.
I'll be shoving up the screwgits when I get the chance.
But the greeners aren't ready with my lime green hands.
I won't hesitate, get the calling complaint.
And we've just a little thought, so what I love this day.
I guess in fact, I want another sandwich buddy.
I can do what I want, but the management loves me.
Can I tell you something?
Oh, something you oughta know.
But the moment is time I wanted you to be my own.
You ain't my type pal, no ass break, no bow.
Who, who, who, what are you doing?
I'll take no for an answer.
I'll take that.
Not you.
Get out of the way.
Get out of the way.
Get out of the way.
Look at that number 101 on VH1 with playful veins.
POIPLE. We did it! All right! UCF Kenny, chronic fracture says for the pull,
signs, water kills the aliens, meldicent character returns, huh? Why are you
running for all these people? Because they shouldn't go see it, because it sucks.
They yeah, isn't it an awful flick? It's up until the ending. Stop signs, yield signs.
It belongs. You better start to the past and some of these titles by me, okay? Mel
Gibson's character returns to the priesthood. Oh yeah, I just ruined a whole movie for it.
Good. Signs. Get that on there, Bonoboy signs. We did the bad moment. The Florida
State Board of Pharmacies declaring stir-front businesses that provide low-cost
prescription drugs from Canada as pharmacies practicing without a license. In other
words, they're going to try to shut them down. Because basically what it boils down to
is that the pharmaceutical companies and the manufacturers of these drugs, of
these killing drugs, what they want to do is like rape you as much as they possibly
can. And they don't want you to be like a lower price, figure a pistol.
Now, let's, what can I tell you? Did we hit that on today, right, on our bedtime stories?
Yes. I just mentioned that in passing. The worst or most disappointing movie ending ever,
and we got some open lines on it, which is, we should have like 400 calls, you know? Can
you think of all the bad movies, the movie endings? How about Magnolia? I mean, I mean,
I'm not Magnolia. How about Mahal and Drive? See, you did that to make for a drive. Mahal
by the way. You still wouldn't have any idea what it was all about.
Five say, in fact, what they should do with it, the DVD, which I'm sure it's out on DVD,
is do the same with the momentos. You'd like move the scenes around to try to figure out
what that dead body was doing on that bed. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60,
pound, five, 60 on a AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Lauderdale by the sea. Hello?
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yesterday's show is so great. I had to take off work just to tell you,
you don't need the segment. You just take like a whole show like yesterday. Rare theme. You went with it.
I thought the audience hated the show yesterday. I thought I was just cracking up all day. I drive
a truck. I'm listening. I mean, you went with it and it was great, but that's not why I called.
Okay, good. We don't like too much suction. Carlos said about Carlos. It seems like a bright guy,
but the Big Lebowski was a great, funny movie. Jeff Redd's greatest work, I think,
ever. Really? He played a stoner, but he wasn't about LSD. He smoked some joints. That's all he did.
Did I say something about it? He really captured the time in the moment. And I mean, you had to be
there. He had to go up like I did in those days to just maybe realize how real it that he captured
that. And oh, that that conga music. Now, where did that come from? That that that I
catch me up. That's from a Requiem for a Dream. That's when the Sarah is stolen out of her mind.
All these pills that her die-talked, Averine. She's sitting there watching her favorite TV show.
And they they're doing this, the dance. And they come right out of the TV screen into her living room.
And they start dancing around her and making fun of her to hold it.
It's actually I didn't, I never saw that movie. Can't wait to see that.
You must see this, believe me. I want to see it. And I'm going to, but
it'll definitely encourage you to cut a little bit down on the on the on the on the music before.
Right. Seems like, you know, okay, you're just trying to try, Pat, you'll love it. Requiem for a Dream.
And say how to Sarah. Okay. Bye. Bye. She ain't feeling good.
Big Lebowski wasn't, wasn't a bad movie. I used to say it sucked. You said don't get it.
I said don't watch it. Oh, you won't, you will not like that movie.
Okay. Well, you already told me once, but tell us again, refresh your memory.
Don't watch it. Okay.
That's not one of these drug movies, is it? I mean, you know, I'm getting them watching all of these
movies that I've never seen, which is most of them. And now you got me out of this run of drug
movies and Schmidt movies. Okay. If it's not drugs and people on drugs just smitten their pants and
fishing around in it like that, I mean, seriously, transbiting has got to be. It should have had more
folks on yesterday's pool. Should have a lot more. Big Lebowski's just a year in movie.
A year in movie? Is your just dog in it? Well, no, it's just like human beings.
Pissed out of other people's car. Oh, now you serious? Yeah.
Well, what do I want to see that for? Oh, man. Now I'm yearning to see it.
Oh, now what did that call start to come by pee on my leg?
Did it?
Before, before 130, before that Marlon pregame, I want to hear from one other person,
one other old fart like me who doesn't like that song. Because that guy called me before
made me feel really bad. He said, everybody likes that. Nobody doesn't like smells like teenage smeg.
It is so ponderous, man.
Oh, it is. It's awful. It's a bad song.
So you can't say that. You can say a lot of things. You can say the president's a scumbag
and a liar, which is all true. But you can't say you don't like that song. That's an American,
isn't it? Yeah. It makes you a anywhere. A square is a ping pong figure.
Oh,
and let me say something else. I guess if you do a lot of drugs, yeah, or a little bit of drugs.
See me and Tommy Kramer, you know, back in the 60s and 70s.
No, I've never seen a man take a hand today. We never got into that.
But I can't, I don't like it, but I sure can't talk it up. Hey, clearance and abuse.
That's going to be on our website very soon. Not just some kind of an artist contraction conception.
I'm talking about real pictures. In fact, because they're both such good sports,
well, at least clearance anyway, the beast is an asshole. But because it's a good sport,
I'm actually, we could like, um, stage it a little bit. You know what I'm saying?
Huh?
Well, the beast said he did screw him by not letting him go out to Omaha.
Clarence is going out there to the cold world, world serious. So he did say that. He told that to, uh,
more for all one of them, not more. He don't talk to him all differently other day.
He said he got screwed by clearance.
And Bina Brega had screwed by muff, but there's a lot of that going on in the building. And then of
course, there's always five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Too much incestuous crap going on in that station, although not nearly as much as IOD.
Boy, wow. Yeah. Those were the good days. Man, the sour is a lot of incestuous stuff going on at W IOD.
Everybody was screwing everybody else. Those were the tossing the salad days.
They were tossing a lot. I used to toss my cookies. Just thinking about some of them matchups.
And our program director said he wouldn't give a nickel for that operation. Is that what he said?
I heard the Hank bitching out for a few days ago. That was great. That's better, Humper.
Say I'm wondering out loud if he was still alive or something.
100 votes for the worst or most disappointing movie ending. 100 for Matrix Reloaded. 90 for Blair Witch
Project. Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon 21. I don't know. You're right. It's only been on
here a short time. Maybe all 21 people who saw it, but it's just noted. Vanilla Skies got 22.
Like I said, Vanilla Skies got 20. Magnolia 12. Hannibal 10. Everybody else in single digits.
So our good buddy Jeff Cohen into pizza. Did we get any report on whether anybody showed up on fair and plantation yesterday?
Huh? No. Do we ever get a follow up on anything from a Miguel from the sales people?
No. Anyway, you'll love the pizza love. They're in plantation now.
Navajo and sunrise right behind the Walgreens and at strip shopping center right on the corner there.
Plenty of free parking right out in front and the same delicious great food that's made the pizza love in
Davie world for the flaming and famous delicious Italian goodies. All your favorites.
They got all your favorite pasta dishes and chicken and veal and seafood.
Which read different kinds of fantastic pizza. Calzone super subs big big portions teeny tiny prices
and the best girl or girls ever made by man or anybody else.
So bring the whole family. I won't put a big bite in your pocket book and listen.
Don't be asking for no discounts either. Pizza loft there on university drive between
Griffin and 595 right near Onova, South Eastern. Right kitty corner. The new army to look have
a and they got Zillion free parking spots. Therefore in Davie for take out delivery and catering for as
low as five bucks per person for any affair. Called 954 916 888 maybe Jeff could cater that
with the beast in the occurrence deal. You think? Okay 954 916 888 or in plantation like I said
corner of on sunrise. The phone number there is 954 382 1999 382 1999. Take the whole family there
like I said just the first time you'll go big going back again. Again we describe the pizza lock
is a real gem in South Florida.
I'm just sitting around the house for not much to do. I got new lodges on the radio and
hey what do you know there it's a way call it there 12 to one hour.
Didn't people want us to talk to beast a lot of time ago?
As you never watched his hair or seem to have a care co-bane.
His name was Kirk now he's pushing up dirt co-bane.
What's the deal?
White thing drew from his chin doing heroin co-bane.
All right.
Nirvana was hot and now it's Kurt. They ain't got co-bane.
He got high said goodbye then he died.
Oh co-bane.
He's a man and hour never took a shower co-bane.
He's a number one hit in heaven big mosh pit co-bane.
He'll need Elvis the king and say grunge with my thing co-bane.
So if you're filled with doubt don't take Kurt's way out co-bane.
He got high said goodbye then he died.
Oh co-bane.
Bubble three at five six you WDQN.
Here's a fact from Anita says there Neil how soon you forget Liz at videotape down in
Margate has original colligula.
What does that mean? How soon I forget?
I don't know I guess she told you about that story before or something.
Well I forgot to need I'm sure I'm an old daughtering man okay I forgot it too.
Just like in no spots when I said I've said that three years be sure and tell
that old Neil sent you by and now it is old Neil.
I was thinking that in that last spot I done.
No I don't think you'll like colligula.
Let's you like a lot of gratuitous sex and violence.
Oh it says in case you don't have the address it's a videotape down 49 80 West
Atlantic Boulevard that sounds like pomp and obixtamy.
Is that where it is?
Die.
Well that's where I'm sure she's not she is not my best friend but the best video
brain around so Zanita okay videotape down.
Thanks Anita and I did forget.
We're looking for the worst or most disappointing movie ending ever which movie
and the one we got for tomorrow I think is going to be even better but you never know
because this was kind of like a marginal response so far.
In fact it's a two horse race which is not too exciting.
Matrix reloaded has got 100 votes in Blair Witch Project 96 and everybody else is really
very small potatoes and since I didn't see either one of them in fact
Magnolia which has 13 votes in his number five right now on the list
that's the only one of the top a whole bunch.
Donnie Darko's got six.
I didn't see most of these and in that case I feel like I've done something good you know.
Now how many of these did you see most of my bet?
Most did you see signs?
Yes although I did see planet of the Apes yes absolutely right.
I saw enough of Fight Club Tim I'm trying to think whether I was like watching it on TV
is that been on TV or is that too recent on cable?
Yeah yeah that's where I saw parts of it.
The ending movie signs was a good enough movie all until the end ruined it.
Yeah.
Where do you know where you complain you know where you complain to don't you?
I know.
Yeah yeah.
It's him up.
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 60 on the 18 T and Verizon Wireless Lone.
We got the Marlins and the Brewers baby to really horseball teams.
130 to pregame game time at 205 and if they buy like some more free tickets.
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey Neil how you doing today?
Pretty good.
Great.
I got a good one for you.
Now I might be dating myself.
I'm one of those older parts.
That's okay.
Let's old parts got to stick together man.
And by the way I do think that Nirvana is a bit overrated but
all right.
Good.
We'll get into that later on.
Here's a little gem going back to 1980.
Okay.
We're going Olivia Newton John terrible movie worst ending.
Grease.
Xanadu.
Xanadu.
I can't believe no one has said that yet.
Hopefully we have time to make a race out of it.
Could have started Michael Beck from The Warriors.
Who plays.
I'm amazed anybody's admitting to have seen that.
And Jean Kelly.
Oh come on you've seen it too.
No, I never saw it.
No, no.
Oh it's a doozy.
See I'm going to move you to the nervous lavish.
I think you can see it.
That is the movie or the ending is even worse.
Okay.
But to get back to the music thing if I could give a shameless
plus for one of my favorite underrated bands.
Yes sir.
Cheat trick new album out July 22nd.
I don't know any of your best of lists.
What do you mean by that?
Cheat trick is the most underrated rock band ever.
In fact, Nirvana.
Kirk O'Bane said that they use Cheat Trick as one of their
influences, which I'm not sure is a good thing.
But Cheat Trick influences most of the rock bands out there.
Today.
Cheat Trick number 94.
Number 94 surrender on this top 100.
I just look for it.
Number 94.
That's the best song.
They deserve better than that.
Well it's ph1.
Don't take it personal.
What do they know?
Have a great day, pal.
You too.
Thanks.
See you.
Even Clarence said there's nothing like a cheap trick.
567.0560.
Pound.
567.08t and for Rise and World of Slime.
Before we heads for Omaha, let's get Clarence laid.
What do you say?
Oh!
Right.
In fact, you want to really spike the numbers on Scottshow tomorrow
morning.
He could do the beast right on the air.
Would that be great?
We get a 95 share easy.
And the and for Elk, the blow by blow.
I'd love it.
I'd tune in for that.
567.0560.
Pound.
567.08t and for Rise and World of Slime.
Here's a call from Perine.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I got an older but a goody too.
OK.
Oh, by the way, Big Lebowski.
Great movie.
Right?
It's a bowling movie.
Well, why does he keep telling me not to see it?
Who?
Been a boy.
Oh, been a boy.
I don't know crap.
Anyway, this goes way back.
Great movie.
Terrible ending.
Very sad.
Disappointing ending.
Dr. Jivago.
OK.
You know, it's, it leras.
The great love is his life and he, and they get separated by the war,
by the revolution, the Russian revolution.
And then years later, he sees her on a trolley car.
And he goes after her and he gets a heart attack in the middle of the street.
And then you're sitting there and going.
Oi!
He died.
I hate when that happens.
Yeah.
But that's a trick or a kiss.
He's out.
Yeah.
He died.
So that's my vote.
We got to down, Polly.
Thanks.
Dr. Jivago, you got a boner boy.
And he says, I love the Big Lebowski.
We're there peeing all over each other.
All right.
Go watch it.
I'm not going to watch it.
You've already turned me out of enough gross movies in the last few days.
I mean, it's going to take me six months to recover just from the first 10 minutes,
which is all I would watch a train spotting.
In the history of my life, I don't think I've ever, ever walked out of a movie or turned,
or turned one off on TV because it was too gross until Tuesday.
Till Tuesday, Amy Man.
Oh yeah, until Tuesday, Amy Man was going to make it.
Let's put her in the sticker.
There's Amy Man.
Oh, here's a call from Four Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
First, I'd like to thank you for turning me on to Requiem for a dream.
Outstanding.
It's so big Lebowski, but it's your head this moment.
I was sort of surprised that George liked it because it made the drug culture look so
englomerious in here.
So much, no, like a wink, wink about the whole thing.
Yeah, he is.
Heroin Complain, I off the air, he said it was bad for business.
Heroin and plot are exactly the same thing.
Do exactly the same things to you.
You have your arm cut off if you smoke to which plot.
The director of that is Darren Aronofsky.
Right, his aunt called on Tuesday on this show the other day.
She called in.
Now, his first movie that he did, I don't know if he ever saw it, it's called Pie.
Yes, I saw it.
Where the guy puts the drill through his head at the end.
Which out of mind spoil the ending because the ending doesn't make it.
Oh, are you going to put that on our list?
Well, the whole movie doesn't make any sense to tell you the truth, but it visually was stunning.
Yeah.
Sort of like Requiem for a dream, all the cuts and back and forth and everything.
It was his caught your attention and you couldn't stop watching it.
Yeah, I think Pie probably should be on here.
Let's put down the list because when he sticks the drill through his head at the end,
it just, I don't know, lets you down a little bit.
Because you're sort of expecting it.
I think he was just trying to drill that thing off the side of his head by the ear.
There he couldn't figure out what that thing was growing.
He was just trying to drill and he went a little bit too far.
Because you sort of built up to the whole idea that this guy has kind of discovered the meaning of life.
Right.
From mathematics and then at the end he gets a drill in the head, you know.
Yeah, exactly.
Was that the meaning?
There could be it.
Anyway, thank you for the tip about Requiem for a dream.
Okay, glad you enjoyed it, pal.
Oh, and Helen Bert and the Bert think I've robbed the Oscar.
I know.
It's a criminal.
Thanks.
Yeah, at that point Sarah is getting just a little bit off center there at that particular point.
And then starts scrubbing the floors in the walls, etc.
She should have listened to Harry.
Wish he'd scrubbed out the toilets in that damn bar before that guy went in there.
See, that wouldn't have been quite so bad.
But just, oh, it was kind of like gratuitously.
They made it as gross as they possibly could.
That was what it was all about.
No, they're stoned out of your mind and crawling around on the floor.
See, I used to wonder when George would call in sick all the time.
It was always these stories about, oh, I was crawling around on the floor and puking my guts up.
Being as slow and out of that whole scene as I am, you know,
just never done on me that he was always just getting a bad batch of whatever he was doing at the time.
Heroic.
Right.
In fact, if you guys, when you go to the next appearance at George's,
take a look at that purple thing on his arm.
Look at pretty bad man.
Smack me in the urn.
And now why he knows why he goes to that same hospital in North Carolina where Harry had his
arm amputated.
Here's the fact that says the Big Lebowski is a great movie.
Carlos is full of urine.
John Goodman, Steve Buschimi and John Terturo characters are hilarious.
The carpet pissers, I don't think we can say that.
It's really not an integral part of the movie.
Flugs P on Jeff Bridges' carpet.
He refers to them as carpet pissers.
They're at the rest of the movie.
As Carlos about the nihilists, he probably doesn't remember them.
I remember the whole movie.
I remember the whole movie.
As Cole and Brothers movie in their portfolio,
by the way, let it ride is as funny as Fatsu if not better.
Let it ride.
The Richard Drifus horse racing movie.
Oh, yes, it's sure Richard Drifus sucks big time, but the rest of the cast is outrageously funny.
Watch them both in line.
So I'm going to save in this.
The Balsky something that I watched more than once.
There's a lot of interesting scenes in it.
I don't think it's for you.
I mean, you can watch it.
I like it.
Why don't you tell me why it's not for me, okay?
Because it's extremely crazy.
The scenes are, if you thought Momento was nutty, this is even how it's so.
I love Momento.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I loved it.
I know. This isn't a completely different.
And you're probably one of the same people that said,
oh, you'll watch the first five or ten minutes of Momento in this show.
Do you like the Farley Brothers?
The Farley Brothers?
The Farley Brothers?
Come on, it's only a three and a half hour show today.
What's the point?
The Farley Brothers, they make some weird out there movies.
Yeah.
And I mean, watch it.
Watch it.
Okay, I'm going to watch it just on the spiked to you.
In fact, no matter what, no matter what my reaction to them,
I'm going to say, God, that was the best damn thing I've seen in years.
Well, you know, that make no理a really fun.
UEC, he didn't like it.
12, 14 at 5, 16, WQM.
Was this the end?
What would house wrong with people?
This fact says, well, Crouching Tiger was a beautiful movie.
As far as Nirvana's Goose, they made great music.
I totally agree with that song as the choice.
I totally agree with that song as the choice.
And VH was, perhaps your tool to realize the significance of that song at the time.
It changed rock music from Schmitty ass here, band rock.
There's something that was genuine and intense.
Oh, God!
I'm never going to be the same again.
That's actually true.
The everything that was going around back then was that glam rock
that, you know, long hair with a lot of hair spray.
And then these guys came out and, you know, they refused to take showers.
So that was new and interesting.
They smelled.
You know, there was a movie on last night, but we're way past the break.
There was a movie on last night with Hal Holberg.
Yeah.
That was like, and I'm trying to think of what the year deliverance came out.
Look it up in the thing, because my book's in the other room.
72.
It was cool.
Oh, this was like a remake then.
About five doctors that go on a similar kind of like a canoeing thing.
And there's a psychotic nut case that's, uh, you selectively killing them off.
What the hell was the name of that?
I mean, too.
I nailed it.
Wow.
Well, this was, this was, uh, deliverance 72.
This movie was 78.
It was a deliverance ripoff.
Somebody will know it was the hell Holberg.
Pretty intense.
And then I went to bed 12 15 at 560 W.
There must be doing intense things at Brandy's because they've been serving you up with great shoes and, uh,
all kinds of good stuff.
For over 25 years, the best and friendly service,
the best selection, the top names and the shoe binnest.
They got rock ports, echoes, mafisto, Timberland,
uh, Clark's essay, a floor shine, and lots more wide range of sizes.
Men's they got size 6 to 15 women's five to 12 and what's from the very, very narrow to the very, very wide.
And like I said, friendly personal service no matter how bad your feet smell.
With over 40,000 pairs in stock of their gigantic shoe room,
you can just about bet Greg Reid's life on it that exactly the shoes you're looking for
in stock in your size right now ready to walk out in.
Brandy's shoe is a great place to take your feet.
They're at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompad,
it'll be to open daily nine to nine Sundays 10 to five.
And right now it's a great time to buy floor shimes at Brandy's this week by one pair at the regular price
and get the second pair of equal or lower value at half price.
Stop and or visit Brandy's on their website.
Brandy's shoes dot com.
We're supporting you on five six.
You a yeah.
You're a bastard.
Rachel's that's the hell over.
Can you please lift me to my weight?
These pants on me can't do my legs.
They don't circulate.
These pants on me when I wear these things.
I'm from the age of these pants on me.
I'm most of them.
If I don't point really,
I'd be really scared.
Bye, bye, bye.
Wrong size.
So would you mind if I just was to me?
So I'm wearing a dress.
I squeeze what you take.
Girl.
I'll get a bit of group.
The type pants are just.
Can't pull.
Tonight.
Girl.
I just can't pull.
That has shaped me.
I feel like a brandy.
These things that a lot of things.
Can't tell if we're green and a barrel.
I gotta go at my trot.
And to all the bright nights.
Can't just my left one and adjust the right.
These pants on me.
The right weight.
But these pants on me can't do my legs.
They don't circulate.
But these pants on me when I wear these things.
I'm from the age of these pants on me.
I'm most of them.
But growing really,
H.
But these pants on me.
Yeah, Rachel's a dead ringer man.
A real ripoff of Deliverance 1978 with Hellhobr.
This book.
If anybody that's a really a movie buff.
You gotta have this book.
Video Hounds Golden Movie Retriever.
I mean, is this it in these different movies?
Leonard Malton's got one which I can't stand him.
And Roger Ebert, which we all hate him.
Is got one.
The complete guide to movies on video cassette and DVD.
Not only is it got all the movies in alphabetical order,
but then in the back.
Not only is it got like every actor and actress.
That's how I find the Hellhobr thing right away.
But then it's got director index, writer index,
cinematographer index,
composer index who make them music.
By the way, speaking about writers, I made a boo boo.
Yeah, it's the Cohen Brothers.
Oh my God.
Well, I know the Cohen Brothers.
We already discussed that.
And you're trying to talk.
Who you talking to me about the Friedman Brothers,
Josh and the Saul?
What was that?
The one that made the Big Lebowski?
Yeah, look, the Big Lebowski.
Since you're trying to talk me out of it,
I looked it up.
I don't take anybody's word anymore.
After that Schmidt that you turned me out
with that bed spotting, train spotting, pants spotting.
You gotta see more than five minutes of the book.
The Big Lebowski's got three and a half bones man
in my bone book.
Is this great book that I'm touting now?
I think this is a great book only weighs about 50 pounds.
Three and a half bones.
It says Jeff Lebowski bridges is a stuck
in the 70's stoner who had system being called the dude
and loves to go bowling.
He's mistaken for a wheelchair,
about a millionaire of the same name.
And suffers a beating at the hands of thugs
who are after money owed by the rich Lebowski slutty wife.
Dude is drawn into kidnapping.
The attempt is scamming a pair of money and more bowling.
While this may seem like plot a plenty,
it's mainly a showcase for the co-in brothers.
Unique texturing of style and quirky but deep characters.
Goodman is loud and funny as a Vietnam veteran
takes any opportunity to pull a gun
or explode into a deal a die like of some of these.
Why?
Good but it's great.
In that movie.
Turro Steels is seen as a pervert rival,
bore who loves striking,
loves skin type,
low like jumpsuits and polishing his ball.
Oh, I don't know anybody don't like polishing his ball.
The show piece is an amazing.
In fact, in that what John Croix said,
and he enjoys polishing his ball.
Tom Green the same thing.
Don't forget the new Tom Green show coming soon.
These show pieces an amazing musical bowling fantasy sequence
that would have made Busby Berkeley proud.
So they like it three and a half bones in here.
You tell me, oh, don't watch it.
You won't like it.
What is trade spotting?
Get in that book.
Train spotting?
Yeah.
That's a good question.
Oh, in other words,
you're going to say if it doesn't get a lot of bones,
then it's going to prove that I'm also not going to like the other one.
Or if it gets a lot of bones,
you'll like train spotting.
If you finish watching it, I think train spotting's got three bones.
Finish watching big Lebowski three and a half.
Requiem had three and a half.
Here's the fact that says I don't know if it's because I'm getting older.
42, but you're right on the money that music over the last 20 years is L's.
Stinco and you are.
Absolutely correct.
The 60s and 70s music was the best areas with 1969 being the best year.
Only about 10 to 20% 80s was good in the 90s didn't exist.
For an old fart, I think your music taste is pretty good.
I love those music pulls you this.
Richard the evil door says it's time to do that again.
Oh, we might have a VH one thing.
There's nothing else going on once we finish once we drain this movie thing as much as we have.
I mean, we're going to sit here and save the world again.
No, how no.
I'm going to do that no more.
We caught on it took us what took me 27 and a half years to figure out what they want.
What's that?
They want lists and they want free crap not necessarily in that order.
That's what they want all of this list today.
We still got an hour to go.
We got two calls on the board.
I'll put a link free crap.
List of free crap.
I mean, what crap would you like the most?
In fact, maybe it was in the movie that he's talking about.
Transpining lot of crap.
That movie the worst or most disappointing movie ending ever was.
Look at that.
Blair Witch Project 104 matrix.
We loaded 103 a battle to the death.
Crouching Tiger hidden drag in 25.
Vanilla Sky 21 Magnolia 14 Hannibal 11.
Castaway 10 the last American Virgin 10 everybody else single digits.
And this doesn't make our list.
How do you like that?
It was not there.
Here's a call from plantation.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
First time long time.
I just wanted to tell you that even though you don't listen to Nirvana,
you still the coolest guy in the world.
That's not what Peter Boy said.
Well, Peter Boy is for it who wouldn't appreciate the big libosque because I wouldn't understand it.
I just wanted to say two things.
Well, there's one from Matrix is moronic because it didn't end actually.
So there's no ending to it.
Okay.
They're pissed and you should definitely see Snatch and the movie too.
Okay.
And have a great day, Neil.
And have a great day too.
See, 26 past noon at 560 W.D. Q.A.
And he says that whatever he said that I'm a real cool dude.
Maybe I'll go home and P. on Carlos's leg.
I beg your pardon.
What would be the first time?
It's your job.
Beat me to it.
26 past noon.
Maybe that was just a message you was trying to send.
Remember Joey Zazan?
They would send him a message.
I'll tell you about something really good for it.
That's only a made soft.
It tells only a made you just pop it in your purse and it's good for you.
Unlike a lot of the stuff that's in the market nowadays that can kill you.
This stuff is safe.
It's great for you and it's effective.
Olio might solve gels contain the finest olive oil on our planet.
Super concentrated, loadable of health benefits and all kinds of other good vitamins and stuff in there.
Olio might every day and your post can up produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol.
Plus now there are 14 different olio made formulas you can choose from each one combining.
The finest olive oil with vitamins, minerals, herbals, all kinds of great neat stuff.
To support specific health needs for your bones, your blood pressure, your immune system.
All you do is pick out the formulas that are right for what you need.
And don't forget now we have three new olio made formulas.
Want to help you sleep, want to help you control weight and self-cuting for your heart.
You'll find olio made all over town.
When you're out doing some shopping soon, pick some up at public's,
Eckerds, Walgreens or at Whole Food Markets, Navarro, Sedanos.
Order it online if you like it, olio made America.com.
If you want more info on these products and what they can do for you and where to stick them.
I wonder if they were doing olio made net movie and train spotting, you think?
Well, seriously, maybe that's what he was trying to get out of there.
Well, call for you 1-866 olio made.
That's 1-866-6536633.
Pick up some olio made today and start popping it in your place for better health.
I'm not a mole.
This is what you will find today.
You way, yeah.
Holy wood, community college is proud to present, act like a pro.
Yes, without act like a pro workshop.
You can learn the techniques of your favorite homie wood stars and how to duplicate their success.
This week are Special Instructor Keanu Reeves.
Yes, Keanu Reeves can teach you all the range of emotions from excited.
Excellent.
To frighten.
Happy, to.
To press.
And even startle.
I know, come food.
Plus, he'll also teach you how to speak in a foreign accent.
I go to the castle of Dracula.
So, no one has this week a Hollywood community college for your special guest lecturer, Keanu Reeves.
And you too will be saying.
Let me give you one word to describe Keanu Reeves, okay?
Okay.
Blan.
Can I be a word wing?
Blan.
I don't care if you want fifteen, and Oscars, okay?
Oscar M. Enemies.
I got a word.
He's Blan.
You like Keanu Reeves?
No, it's just good.
I got a word for it.
Yeah, he's an A just grotesque.
Look at that phone, baby.
Speaking of grotesque, I'm telling you, man.
You people could pee on the Pope's parade.
There isn't a call on Ed Borden.
Now, when's the last time in the middle of a show we've seen this about forty years ago?
Back when I was fifty?
Five, six, seven, open.
No, seriously, I thought this is a pretty interesting thing today.
I mean, it kind of like culminates this whole thing we've been talking about.
Ah, no, you don't get it, no.
We're just burned out in this movie crap, okay?
Okay, let's give some tickets away to For All's of Baseball Game, even though we don't know what it's about.
You don't know how many people called saying, I want to take it, so I want to take it, so I want to take it.
When you said that last time.
Yeah, but we want them to do.
And in addition to what this is just seen now, we're taking it in little baby steps, okay?
We've gone from where they actually used to be able to discuss something.
Then of course that died out real fast about like alien time after that.
Or the hanging Chad time after that election, that was the end of that.
And then we went to the building lists thing where they could, where they actually were able to like give you a name for a list of whatever was, you know.
Now we've gone to like just free crap.
I'll take some, I'll take some ticket and that's it.
Wow, those bedtime stories sound pretty damn appealing to me.
You know what I'm saying?
Starting tomorrow?
Appealing to you.
Yeah, and to you.
Beenerboy didn't like it.
Miguel hated it.
Well, beenerboy hated it because it gave me a chance to screen a call and take a talk all these great people out there that he enjoys so much every day.
He perhaps had that opportunity.
My buddies, they like me.
Yeah, yeah.
The worst or most disappointing movie ending ever was, and I realized it's only a two-horse race right now, but there was project 108.
Made for us reloaded 104, but there got to be about 150,000 movies that you enjoyed, but or maybe they were like mediocre, but you got to the ending and you thought, what?
Yeah, so many of them.
But these people have left me hanging right out of my goddamn window, right on the goddamn patio out here ready for a long fall.
Just like for Donnie Darko.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Yeah, I got a movie for you.
Probably about three people saw it.
I was starring George Clooney in a movie about six to eight months ago called Solaris.
And it was supposed to be this great love movie I went and saw with my girl and ended up being the biggest weight for 850.
I can never imagine.
Yeah, it's just like the end, which is kind of one of those movies like you were saying you were expecting something to be a joke after the credits.
I just never heard anything about it after that.
And it lasted for about two weeks.
I'm glad you mentioned that because that movie I talked myself into watching that awful, awful movie with the River Phoenix and the Canarybs, my own private Idaho.
I put the tape in again last night and I went to the ending and I fast forwarded it on the tape because I was positive there must be more after the credits.
And there wasn't.
You know what I'm saying?
You figured there's got to be more than that and there was not.
It's a website address with the making pictures of somebody.
Exactly.
Okay, thanks, Polly.
We got it down.
Got it?
Solaris?
We got it.
You got pie because I don't see that on me.
I do like the punky pie.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 8.
You told me that the Denny's ain't selling mother Humphur pies anymore?
I said that.
I said I don't know.
Somebody must have brought it up.
Somebody called on thing and said that.
Oh, that would be bad.
That would be the final blow for Denny's own pie.
That would piss me off so much I might go back and do another number in their tea room, you know?
And create another John's Town flood.
And there's a plantation that Denny's right out there by me, you know, right by the sawgrass?
Always packed.
Are they giving away food in that place or what?
Always packed.
Do you know?
And I don't think we got like as many trailer perks by me as by you.
Here's a call from Hallendale.
Hello?
Meal.
Yes, sir.
I'm on my box of smells.
I don't tell them.
Listen, thanks for moving back to 10 o'clock because I come in, I'm on the road, that'll
hold up.
These are my most guys are on the road.
Right.
And get the listen to you at 10 o'clock.
So on the old days, I was missed the first hour of your show.
Now I can catch it again.
Yeah, it's tended to us where it's at, make no mistake of it.
That night I knew one was a stab in my back.
They should only croak for doing that to me.
Yeah.
We saw Requiem in my wife.
Right.
It's, you know, the visual is just great on it.
We're going to see pie.
Prouching Tiger was a great movie.
I don't know why they're complaining about the ending, but that was a great movie.
Sure got a lot of votes real quick.
It's got 25 votes all of a sudden.
Well, not all movies have a happy ending.
Oh, see, now, if it had an unhappy ending, there's no, I mean, Magnolia didn't have a happy
ending either, but only emotional cripples like George had a problem with that.
I'm going to see that next, too.
You like it, believe me.
Okay, thank you.
Thanks, Mali.
Bye-bye.
See, Crouching Tiger bent the knee.
What did he has that go?
I'm bending knee.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the 18th and 10th.
If we rise the wireless line, we've got to pop a couple of purple pills in right when the
ball game starts.
Here's a fact from John and North Miami Beach, who says the reason Beener Boy doesn't
like the great glam rock groups and the music, for example, White Snake, etc., is exactly
why he said they took showers and not in the sink.
He only can really two guys, it takes showers and it's sink, about once every six months.
In fact, maybe that's why he liked rain spotting so much.
Maybe that's the kind of teem when you're just hanging out in.
Yeah, ours exactly.
In fact, yeah, the one at the fat boy has left his mark on it.
One thing about him, if he does croak, you can certainly say he has left his mark on our building.
5, 6, 7, he has left his tracks to loose like tracks.
That was his problem.
Plus the extra 5, 600 pounds, grafices.
Oh, I still can't believe that movie that you talk about.
See, there's one you should have said to me, you won't like that.
That's a big labowski.
Rain spotted.
You should have said, no, what's that?
It's going to gross you out.
I thought you could take it.
What does that mean?
It's a little harsh in the...
I mean, it's not like I was throwing up or something.
I mean, I'm not one of these whooses, you know.
I'm not afraid to fly because of God damn 9-11.
I'm not going to run out of town here because of SARS.
I'm not a pussy like a lot of you ahead of us.
And by the way, let's hear it for Ozzy Osborne who showed up into this performance here with the Arcana.
It didn't loose out.
I didn't know it was that.
That's what he said.
What's his mother F and SARS anyway?
You had a great time.
You had a cold, Ozzy.
You had a pussy, you're just squeamish.
I'm not the least bit squeamish.
What does that mean?
I want to tell you right now, okay?
I've told a story about my experience in Oakland at that Denise T-Room.
I told a story about sliding off the abroke in Toilet City in a restaurant in the...
Where the hell was on 441?
Vinnie, it was Vinnie's.
That was the name.
It just came to be Vinnie's.
Still right off the guy at the inflow on the Toilet City.
So I've had my share of toilet experiences, okay?
Be an employee, including some that you probably wouldn't want to hear about.
I don't want to hear about it.
Oh, those were the days, baby.
And they weren't even at Westland.
It took me two tries to get through that as well.
So this business about squeamish, I have never in my life got physically ill from anything I saw on television in the movie.
I'm not the one that's saying, oh, get those pictures off our website because they're making me sick.
I'm not the one of those people.
I'm squeamish.
Not a worse.
But when I see a guy that's...
Fishin', I don't want to go through the whole thing again, but I will any of them.
Not sure if I fishin' around for his goddamn opium...
My God.
...surprised me to be in the toilet in a full toilet after he just jumped his brain's on in an emergency basis in the filthiest toilet in the history of the freaking subhuman race.
You miss them?
He goes swimming in the toilet.
We'll see again this is the kind of stuff he relates to.
What do you expect from a guy that takes a shower in the sink?
It's a hallucination that he has.
If you would finish watching him...
I don't want to see it.
I don't care if it's a hallucination.
If it's for real, if it's a...
Oh, God.
He goes swimming in the toilet.
Think of the whim.
I sure hope he had a real good time in there.
Snorkel.
Did you have a good time, Palli?
Oh, he's got a schmitty experience.
God, almighty.
I wonder if he holds his nose underwater.
Huh?
Oh, man.
No, it plugs up naturally.
Yeah, I'm better than to talk about taking it up the nose.
Jesus Christ.
That corn sure was special.
Yeah, and believe me, taking it up the nose was that I was forget about that.
These movie starts out there, they're shooting up right off the get-go.
I'm just not impressed by druggies.
Don't you understand?
I'm not impressed.
It's just, you know, I mean, the whole movie of Requiem was about drug addicts.
And I think the purpose of a various kind didn't bother me, at least, but the purple thing.
I think the purple thing on the Harry's arm bothered George more than me.
No question.
And bothered George and Whale and both the Helmla more than bothered me.
I wouldn't have been paid to talk about it.
Yeah, you whale all the way through it.
Oh, brother.
1241 groundbreaking.
Ooh.
Piece of crap, okay?
Piece of crap.
And like I said, I like a lot of their music, including Steph Rhett and his album, okay?
With that particular song, if I never heard it again, it would be much too soon.
In fact, I'm taking a poll with myself.
Righteous brothers or that song?
19 to 1 at 560.
We got the Marlon pregame.
The Marlon's at the Brewer is 130 this afternoon, a game time at 205.
Hank will be on briefly because we don't want to overwork him now.
He'll be on briefly.
He'll come up five or seven right after the ballgame this afternoon.
That's a tough tour of following a Marlon game.
You know, when a guy's considering here replacement is greatest concern is
whether it look natural, whether other people fall out laughing looking at me and just the pee in their pants.
Speaking of that, you can always spot a bad hair system, but how many good ones go unnoticed because they look for real?
Charles Alfie raised design and supplied hair systems to showbiz celebrities and just regular guys like you
for more than 35 years has appeared as a guest and good morning America.
The Thedayshow CBS Morning News, because his hair system, the natural hair line system offers you
the most amazing deal you can find anywhere.
It looks real like it's going out of your scalp as opposed to like a dead animal, like a civet cat died on your push.
Or maybe one of them Prairie dogs.
What are the other ones? The Indian rat.
Gambian rat.
Right now, Charlie's offering his summer special for only $549 for first time customers only.
If you already have a hair system, you can save yourself 50% on service and repair of all types of hair systems including shampoo and trim.
Tell us about it.
Perfect opportunity to give Charlie a try.
Charles Alfie raised Garen TV with this.
Try one of his hair systems for 30 days.
If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, you return it for a full refund.
So the choice is yours.
Charles Alfie raised benchmark of the industry, the natural hair line system, or the Moe Howard David Mozo look.
Don't delay call Charlie two day and change your life look better and younger than you ever dreamed.
You could again.
1-800-3214-13.
That's 1-800-3214-13.
Or catch him on a web if you like it.
Charles Alfieurie.com.
My name is Locale.
You're sports radio five 60s.
You are a U-A-A-L.
It is funny.
Hello.
This is Professor No Gawd for BJ Singh.
And the one who cried like a small child when I heard that Annika's form stem was going to plan the PGA tour.
So, how she did?
I did not watch it.
I'm kidding, I did.
Not so good, right?
I saw her cry afterwards.
This is why I was against this.
There was no crying in golf.
Swearing, spitting and groin grabbing, yes, but no crying.
Drinking, cheating, curousing, and some homosexual blow-playing, yes, but no crying on the PGA tour.
They're letting those picking have written DBA-DBA-DES, but no crying.
Oh, I see Annika's sent me some email of the weekend.
Let me read this to you.
It says, Dear Buttmanch, that's a recent, not so nice nickname given to me by a group of Annika's form stem fans.
Dear Buttmanch, you are so happy now?
Even though I play well, I feel to make the weekend.
But at least I play.
You ran home like a small girl who got her pittails pulled.
Cooper knew Buttmanch.
That's it.
This is only slight for her to vote.
To me, because I didn't sort of run home like a small girl who got her pittails pulled.
But I will be back this week playing again because her Arnold girl signed up.
Maybe I'm not for confident in my sexuality.
Or perhaps I'm just a male, jovenist pig, but I like it better when the girls don't play.
They should play with dolls and make up and sometimes they're other than a cook's with a light ball.
Now, I'll be just saying same to Song.
No, I don't think.
That singing is for girls and they're play person from American Idol.
1247 at 560.
Don't forget the QM fan who's there leaving out anyway, right?
They're still one o'clock if you're in the vicinity.
5555 West Flagler Street.
My moon got some free marlin tickets for you.
That's what they like.
Pertacy of the real yellow pages from Bell South.
And maybe Miguel give you a free squeeze too.
The worst or most disappointing movie ending ever was,
Blair Witch Project 113.
Matrix Reloaded 108.
Crouching a tiger hidden dragon 25.
Vanilla Sky 24.
Magnolia 15.
I hardly disagree.
Hannibal 12.
Castaway 11.
It's a AI.
What is that?
A-I artificial intelligence.
Somebody called and suggested it.
We put it on there.
And that's an A-I.
A-I.
A Stanley Kubrick's Steven Spielberg.
They conspired to make one of the worst movies in history.
Really?
Well, of course, to show you nobody's perfect.
No.
Ten votes for A-I.
Last American Virgin 10.
Everybody else single digits, including tenet of the eights.
How's Rodney McDowell doing?
Well, see, him doing it.
Here's a call from Marathon.
Hello.
Seven mile bridge now, Neil.
How are you?
Pretty good.
I'm going to start my petition and get Parallel on 6 to 10.
I throw Howard the hell out of there.
All right.
Excellent.
So, I'm ready to go.
I'm going to get some kind of website.
I don't know, maybe they'll let Goldie Moth the floor or something.
But I think it's time.
I think Parallel's done a great job.
He's hilarious.
And it would be great for you to follow him.
Well, I noticed he keeps coming in a little earlier every day.
He's starting to age into the most show.
Maybe he's going to start showing up by five or six.
I thought he had the other day about 170, so he's sneaking it.
So, listen, enjoy the other ones.
You come up there and have a great day.
Thanks, thanks, probably.
There's a guy that votes for a Parallel.
He wants to mow out Parallel.
Chad it is.
Yeah, but Parallel's going to have to smile.
I don't know.
See, maybe there's a method to his madness.
Maybe if he figures, he can get mow out there in a golf course two, three, ten, three, mow out like an expire.
Like right out there in the 16th hole or get struck by lightning like happen.
Maybe get struck by lightning.
Does happen every now and then.
Kind of open the door there for a six to ten.
I think he got probably inspired when we took that poll as we.
40% of this very picky audience said,
who we love for Reli's great.
We want him on six to ten a.m.
That's what they said.
That's the audience.
How about us?
We're not trying to interfere.
As a matter of fact, before we start worrying about mow again, we got to take care of that beast business.
First parents said end of beast.
Obeath popped in and said that, you know, that we don't like him.
And he's right.
Probably so you'll be happy to pose for a picture with Clarence mounting his.
He says six figures.
One of the strict parents can tuck him down to like, you know, 20 bucks.
Do him down.
Six figures.
That's what he said.
Is he talking about his weight again?
Five, six, seven, all of five stars.
See what I mean about him?
Flip it around from one room into building to the other—
Ba-ba-bap-bap, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep!
Ba-ba-ba-bap, real bad news, man.
Real bad news.
Trouble follows that man wherever he goes.
He can't set a big, fat, dark shadow.
Here.
Am I right?
I can't set a big shadow.
And sometimes I like to seriously we want to picture on our website by the end of the week
Okay, which means tomorrow because certainly we got a deadline clearance is going off the Omaha
So we can probably hang out with some of them baseball players
Here's for a lot of day. Oh, oh
Gone I'll be damn was on the wrong line probably it was on line nine. It's an omen. Here's for a lot of day. Oh, hello
Pretty good sir good. Um, what's the former disappointed apparently I can't get that prairie dog I had my eye on after all
And that's a little monkey box and that doesn't look good. Well, I guess you're a couple of Gambian rats instead
Well, I mean what's the deal you can't catch monkey box from a monkey
But you can from a prairie dog now you're catching on that doesn't make sense
But if you get a monkey you can't get your can be and rat the box
Which also doesn't sound pleasant
There's no con. Did you see the movie unbreakable with Bruce Willis and Samuel Jackson?
No, I should not now. Well, basically the whole thing is Bruce Willis finds out he can't be hurt to this train rack
And he goes out funny. He's got almost like superpowers. He can't be hurt no matter what happens to him and
This super villain Samuel out japs and kind of gives him hints the whole time to draw him out because he's looking for an arched
Nemesis to do battle with right and so it goes goes and goes and finally you know
He reveals himself to Bruce Willis and Bruce Willis realizes he's now a superhero and then send to having the final
Battlesync that basically just put up like a parody of showing what happened and that really Bruce Willis just called the cops on him and had him arrested and
Then the movie ends
One more good reason not to see Bruce Willis movie
I mean just another one, but thanks for having a good day. Thanks for the warning palie
Okay, get that on there. What was it called unbreakable? Yeah unwatchable
On there acceptable
Unbelievable
560 505 60 pound 560. It's got a dollars. I beg your pardon unbreakable somebody suggested it earlier. Oh
It's already on there. Yeah
One moment please. I have a little technical problem here that wasn't gonna talk about on here. Uh-oh
Why broke something I didn't really break it, but I just like temporarily I didn't disable it in fact
I'm sure I say it works
It just doesn't look right you know on the CD deck because you got the same ones there at the denon
Mm-hmm on the front edge of the tray
There's a little plastic thing which you probably assume that it's all one part. I always did but it's not
Oh, there's a little plastic thing that attaches to the front and doesn't change anything
It still goes back in and you know plays and you know whatever. Let me touch mine. Oh
But you got to snap that baby on and I don't really have time to do it after the show and
See when you try to snap it on and the thing is the power is on it has this nasty habit of like going back in a slide back in
And then slides back up because you're putting pressure on it, you know
You thought of what I'm saying no I didn't need to tell the world that but I'm you know once and why I
Technically, but I'm gonna go down
Are you writing it down? Yeah, be sure and pass it along to Bob or Muthin George Corso
Look you get a good chuck a lot of it. Oh does he want the engineer up there to help my no? I don't think so I can handle it Bob
Okay, I can handle it
Even I'm just a talent. I'm incompetent
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Here's a lady in Lake Worth. Hello. Yes, ma'am one hour photo
Did you ever see that no terrible? I was so excited when Robin Williams was gonna have like a serious maybe
Uh-huh sucked
Holy sucked and then the ending was worse. Wow
Don't bother thanks for the warning and also I have two prairie dogs
Yeah, and they are the best little pets you could ever have
Uh-huh
Hmm
Anything but they're they're sweet and lovable. They don't have monkey pox not at least not mine. How do you know that?
I don't have dumps on me. Yes
Good luck sweetheart. Thank you. Call us back if you're still alive. Yes, sir. Okay. Bye. Bye. Bye. She's got prairie dogs
Hey, that's the new thing now. See we're making fun of that the ability we say oh well
There won't be any in Florida. Well guess what there are
Because you thought that was like out on the prairies in the Midwest because that's where it started kind of the do with that
It's got to do with people getting pets
And that's the new pet of choice that's the new you know how we go through all of these fads
pet rocks
Pet rocks cheer pets. I say at cheer pet man
Just a little bit of water keeps them happy all the time. I always got a big smile on their place works for no
Or yeah, or you could just have your little dog pee on it
A pee pet you could probably yeah
Is not the big Lebowski the pee pet
I'm gonna go out to then get that just out of spite
Just because beener boy told me how much I'm gonna hate it and it's not my style and I'm a funny
W.O. fart who's got a very what was it a low tolerance for one for assholes or Swedish?
Yeah, squid a squeamish that's it. I'm squeamish. You'll love it
Well guess what no matter what I think I'm gonna come on just like you do with Magdodium gonna come on tomorrow and say
God that was the best movie I've seen you forget about Requiem forget about these other ones that was sensational
I would have been fine if we would have had an ending that was a real pisser
Here's Carl Springs, hello
Hello, yes sir. Hey Neil movie. I think I have the worst ending is sin red line
Then red line
Okay, thanks probably we got it
1256 at 560 Q and we got the Marlon stuff coming up at the bottom of the hour. Please don't go away yet
My
How this is Rosie O'Donnell and the clock on my stomach says it's the Neil Rogers wanted to
See your hair smells terrific comes a new shampoo for the foreleg a member of your family your beloved dog
It's new G your blood smells terrific give your pet the fresh clean shit his neighborhood friends will appreciate
G your butt smells terrific is the only all natural dog shampoo with just a hint of lemon for that fresh clean
But any dog will appreciate so the next time dogs come sniffing around your neighborhood make sure your dog makes a good first
Depression shampoo your dog with G your butt smells terrific available at stores near me. There you go
There's one for all your trans spotting fans
5 670 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Worst ending most disappointing ending of any movie in history tell Brian by the way next time you talk to my really appreciate those fake endings
Oh, yeah, well, you know I'm talking about that was a real ending
Here's the call from Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi
How about far from heaven far from heaven. Yes, never heard of it
You've heard of it now
Help
It was always the new movie yeah, and the ending sucks ending sucked. Well, what happens in the end? So nobody will go see it
It's kind of easy hanging
You know, it's like you don't know what's gonna happen next
Okay, thanks far from heaven. You don't know what's gonna happen next. Okay, see I keep trying to tell you any movie
You don't know what's gonna happen next, you know, right?
Can you name me one movie that at the end? You know what's gonna happen next? Well, it happens all the time where it's really predictable
That's not a good thing
Let's see here's the fact it says honestly. I'm not surprised being a boy is having a taste of the mo zone effect after all
He's the force behind your website
What does that mean I don't say so be an aboy listen for a moment you're wanted dead or not alive by the sports geeks of QM
They hate you like something
Plus Eric the cyber was it is watching you carefully in other words
Be real careful when you start your car today your new car
Anyway, my choice for the pool is mafia the start was not good the middle was weak and by the end Jesus effing Christ bad is what it says
Suggestion for Greg Reed new QM lineup 10 to 2 edd and 10 PM at Moe and the beast 2 to 3 in the morning
We call it the mo zone
Joanne mark 3 to 6 6 to 10 for rel and Steve big package goldberg goldstein whatever his name is
Neal tended to mad dog 2 to 4 hammer 4 to 7 the best of 7 to 7 30 in the marles
Isn't that our lineup now?
I think that's what it's supposed to be now only a moke you've shown up like to do five
What does he got it on here?
3 to 2 to 3 a.m. Sounds good to me
We put those last two suggestions on there far from heaven and mafia well, why not?
Okay, well, well you're asking me. I'm just assuming all along that every time somebody mentions one
We're building it on our list. We had been but you were kind of like I don't know
I don't know cuz I never saw either one of them did you see mafia? No, I never heard of it
I think it's a comedy parody
Blair Witch Project 115 matrix reloaded 110 vanilla sky about 30
Crouching tiger a hidden dragon 25 Magnolia 16 castaway 14 Hannibal 14
signs 13 and 10 for a I a
Unbreakable and the last American Virgin each have 10 and everybody else single digits
First race I upset the castaways even in there
My Zan because it was a the had one of the better endings of
Movies there was nothing wrong with that ending
It wasn't happy whoever called that in originally will call back and will let the two of you
We'll have a duel. I'll have you fight out there in a corner right by a truck sub-center right on a corner of 441
I was very rude
To the death spotted by Moe in the beast
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello
Neil good afternoon. Yes, sir. Good afternoon to you
Did you hear about the death of David Brinkley? Yes, I mentioned that
Okay, I wasn't sure cuz I didn't hear the first part of the show
Yep, it's definitely the end of the year. I'm pretty sad. Yeah
And and an update on the billboards the Moe billboard is down
The one that was on the turn back that had been placed on the opposite side right of yours is no longer there
All right, and why are you still there? But of course the the old time has not been corrected yet
That's okay. Just spelled the name right
George can you put me on hold that that's some websites for you for the hawkah?
Oh, but I can I can put you on hold there. Thank you. Okay
I I
I think you should ask Neil that on the air. What's that? Are we taking one break or two before uh
4130
One break are you out of your mind? Well, what do you think this is one of those sports shows that they use seven-minute breaks? Are you crazy?
We're doing a pair. Well, we're doing the opening for us sports
Are you listening to what I'm saying smart ass?
You see what happens with these punks how they get out of control you give them a little bit of rope and right away
You want to build a god damn railroad with it
Whatever you're trying to build with it
Two breaks you got it two breaks as a matter of fact let's do one now and then
Yeah, oh see I keep looking at that damn thing that's in there
The little black plastic thing oh and it just keeps freaking me out. Are that?
It freaked me out so much that time I reached over to hit the play button and I took my finger back like I'm gonna break it in thing again
WQ and
His leader boy to present the for real and gildey gold
Boy
Oh
I didn't see with that voice all day look I'm talking. I don't always sound like that
No, this isn't my voice. I'm not putting you on every day. I wake up sound in the same way
The voice
You want to change your voice? Yeah, I want to grab you when I see you. I like how to do is grab your balls like this
Oh
Where it needs you to find power
What's your good with the comfort grip
Yeah
It's the living after one. I'll be honest with you
I got to admit that little things sometimes distract me to the point where I like I could use a shrink you know, I mean
No, seriously, I mean I've been off my feet. I've been like off a balance here the whole day
Maybe you've noticed or maybe not should I said no?
Seriously, I've been like a little bit off just a hair just a little tiny curly hair because it is a little little plastic black thing
It's not a big deal. It doesn't change the way it works or anything works fine. I think oh
Wait a minute
Okay, I pulled one moment. Maybe it's not working fine. I hear like clicking in there
You hear that? Nope turn it up
There's nothing to turn up. Oh my god. Don't tell me I broke this guy damn thing. That would be really bad, wouldn't it?
Yeah, it would just slid in there
Do you need any ideas? And I'm queuing up cut number five
But I heard this little clicking sound and the thing it's oh see I knew it. I must have had a premonition
Oi
That I broke my den and CD deck while I'm gonna posky with it after the show screw it five six seven
Oh five sixty but
pound five sixty on the AT&T if we're right that's bad
That's really bad because if we have to posky around with engineers in here in the whole deal
Just because Neil can't keep his equipment working right that I be as incompetent as the engineering there
Here's a fact from a chronic in focus is I still all like it
But I haven't heard anyone mention that in Blair Witch the whole idea of the ending was that in the original murders
The children have been let uh one by one into the basement of fourth to wait in the corner while the others each were killed
That's when why when the camera follows heather down the stairs and just falls
You see one of the other two campers standing in corner before it goes black one. I guess that was supposed to be the shock at the end of the movie
George writes a note on this fact and says we all got it
It was obvious to all it still stuck like a gay horse like war emblem and so we were trying to say
Thinking
We didn't get the ending
Because I've gone through that before with people that were a poly just sort of that movie. Oh you didn't get it
See it was like this and then they're gonna try to explain it to you. We all got it
It was there was nothing mysterious about it. It was just a a car it was a
It's a crap right
I just fixed this thing. No, I mean temperarily anyway
No, I've little things like that. It's just I don't know maybe just me there are people like it like if something is out of place
You know, I mean
Yeah, for example if I'm eating stuff. I'm sitting in a row
I'll go to like the convenience store and buy some crap. Oh, and if I'm eating stuff
And it's like a rapper and I put it on the table a lot of marching TV. I can't sit there and leave the rapper there
I'll pick up the rapper and take it right in the kitchen and throw in the trash. You need to call them saying OCD
What does that mean obsessive compulsive disorder like hardly? No, I'm not
I am
Oh, yeah, when you're hopeless. I mean let's face it. You're a good guy. But you're just your life is a hopeless
You know, in fact, that's like maybe that's why you like Magnolia so much
I think she I think she wrote that you know what that song any man was singing about you just give up
You know, he could have been a storyline in that just think about it the honor machine the dog peon on and it was refreshing to know that other people have issues
air conditioning other people have issues right other people get their ATM cards are eaten
So anyway, the chronic and bocus is as far as smells like teen spirit the only thing it could make it better songs
If it included the end-of-the-best day drops that you had at appropriate moments
Oh
How you like that a lot I still don't like that song. I don't care if I'm the only person on the face of the
I don't need to McDonald's and I know like smells like teenism Eggmo, okay? Sorry
No, I'm not sorry. I do not apologize
Now both of you like it a lot right. I like it a lot
I don't like it huh? I don't like it best but I don't tell you about this VH1. This one really pisses me off so much
They're best 100 songs of the past 25 years
Number 12 Allen is Morris said you ought to know number 11. I'll go even be on it Van Halen jump. Please. That's like a novelty song
Right, Al anus Morris said you want to know number 13 TLC waterfalls
Well any guy that lists it's got TLC on it they can take it and stuff it oh there's a peanut boys there. That's a song of your life, man
Yeah, okay, what's up
Number 16 no doubt any list that includes TLC and or no doubt they can wipe their ass with okay
In fact, give it to that guy in the transpotting I like no doubt
Oh, please don't speak by no doubt is the 16th best song it'll last 25 years like that's all I remember
Number 18 for example are you I'm losing my religion
Which if that isn't in the top five especially on this list then my name is a mochi pupa okay
I mean I realized it's all subjective, but what are we talking about here seriously crap
No doubt TLC Al anus Morris said prince
Prince
Dr. Dre featuring Snoop Doggie dog and nothing but a G-thang oh that's my favorite that's my number one
Janet Jackson nasty Bruce Springsteen born in the freaking USA Britney Spears baby one more time okay
Wow, I mean we're all like Britney, but it's a popularity list
He's a crap
The only thing VH1 ever does that's good are those the flashbacks like those bits that we got you know inside your behind stuff like that
As a matter of fact, Clarence is writing a little love letter to the beast as we speak it's in fact the heading of it is inside your
dome behind
Is where I dream to be
56705 60
Palm five I think we got something going I guarantee it will get more people to watch that let's run out P.P. Park one
When a marlin's around the road and I guarantee we'll get more people to pay ten bucks to watch that then you'll ever get to see a marlin game ever
Clarence mounts the beast
I'll wait for the movie
Blair rich project 117 is moved back on top
Morse the most disappointing ending of any movie of all time oh and
Lynn who of course is more positive than I'm a negative person, but she looks on a positive side
She said how about we were the best ending as she suggests Arlington road
Very good ending. Well, how do you like that? Here's a poll for you Sunday. I'm not gonna do that poll
So I did that was did you really during the vacation best ending? Are you serious? I don't remember what one but yeah, we did that
Arlington road
It's good
Is it better than the big Lebowski? I haven't seen big Lebowski
Well, let's both get it
Here's plantation hello
This movie is in anything else but the ending of holy grail
Still to this day and I've seen it probably a hundred times right yeah one of the most disappointing endings ever
You know whether they're poised they're getting ready to
To attack the castle and the police come around to everybody and that's the end of the movie. Yeah, you're right
I was favorite movies of all time and I agree
Yeah, you're right. I mean it's one of those that just they're building up building up building up and all
So like I said with them it was probably more of a budget deal with anything else, but yeah, they ran out of cash
Yeah, probably okay. Thanks, pal. Anyway. All right
Good choice
Yeah, it is a good choice and that was my point. I mean the beginning
I mean if it's a crappy movie in the first place
So what differences do we make if the ending in fact if it's really all that bad you probably walked out before the end anyway
But if it's a good movie and the ending is really that that's why worst or most disappointing ending right
And see what he just said the holy grail. Let's say with example of that
When you got out and like for example, uh donny darko
I mean what what was that?
What the hell after all this big build up and after all this stuff with the uh these
Razor coming out of people's puppets and they got these uh, you know, they the big bunny rabbit frank and all this other crap and extra terrestrial and
What what happened here?
And what happened with their plane in the mommy uh
The engine falls in a house, but now mommy's back out there. She's up against the tree smoking a faggot
And the little kids across the street are waving like uh very sadly and rightfully so
poor donny, you know
You're the one you're seeing it huh? No, I was good
Don't
I remember I rented it and the ending of that movie is bad enough to make you a very bitter person
Okay, thank you. Thank you for saving. No, I'm serious. The ending will it will make you very angry
This was a good concept. Everything was just fine. And now you you just stuck it right off my ass
That would ruin my day if I saw that
Clarence so did what?
5 6 7 0 5 6 here's a call from bokeh. Hello, and you know how you doing pretty good. Hey, um, I wanted to just tell you an unbelievable Florida story
My wife and I went to see momentum and have to be in the theater across the street from the centuries village
Momento momentum in yeah, and before the before the lights went down
The manager walked down the middle of the aisle and the placement just filled with you know old people of course and
I said
I said oh my god here comes the projector is broken. They're gonna give us our money back or something
She goes ladies and gentlemen
She says I just want you all to know that this is a very confusing movie this beginning of this movie
And she goes you may many people have asked for their money back. This is a very I said oh my god
Can you I said?
She had a splainted to them don't you understand? Oh
I sure hope I sure hope she spoke up nice and loud so everybody could hear what she was saying oh people got up and left
They're like oh well. I can't deal with that to begin the the beginning of the movie is really the end
What's he what's she talking about they were out of it? Yeah, yeah
Probably the best favorite she ever done. Yeah
Oh
Thanks for the good news pali
See you
They reminds me of one time we did a show I talked about this a million times
WNWS so one of those old fart hotels on the Helen Dale Beach Boulevard yeah
And I have Dr. Marvin done and Dr. William Wilbank
So if I you were talking about race and crime race relations and crime and all these old yinthas are after waiting for the your free food in the back of the room
And during the bridge the first break the salesperson
I think it was that bitch Ellie Gray she comes over to the meeting with first mayor. Oh, you got to change the topic the audience doesn't like the topic
The median age there was was death plus 10
I
Want to talk
A lot of hot little boy
Hey man
Copaine I was in the group
Nirvana man. I don't like them complaining usually
You had two Aussie albums. I had money hit regals
I was a moctop on top of the world until I'm out of the gook and got shot in the head
Hi, I'm Mama Cass avoid the ham sandwich. I'm Karen Carpenter. Can I have it?
Ah shut the fuck up how you doing Kurt? I'm buddy. Howdy. Have you seen my glasses?
Look at all these other place cards in my table
Keith Richards
Sinatra and all of the black crow's
Yeah, they'll be here in town for dinner. You long head hockey
Oh
Oh, man. That's just the armor that drummer fellers from deathly at harder something like that
Now what time we got to get out of here. We got the Marlon pregame show coming up momentarily
Do we know
Hola Hola, no, what time do we have to get out of here?
Let me go see if anybody else this day
I was 130, you know, I'm at it there for just a second
I'm asking what time we got to get out I hear silence like oh, okay
If you're lucky, I didn't just get up and walk away and like thinking that's it
That's it. We got to it is no
The big oh you'll be sorry
Marlon pregame show 130 to two the marlins at the brores
I mean two really embarrassing teams two oh five two teams of a little or no reason for existence
The humbers after the game the big seven o'clock tonight Eddie K 10 to his usual and joy mark overnight
It says here two to six maybe just maybe they gave joy mark their five to six hour back
The beast I'm sorry. I beg your part of the sport
Claire
Call to sit at yes call to sit that just just a plain music on 29
Go figure this plain music now come away ahead of him. Okay. I don't need any instruction from the beast or his boyfriend
118 votes Blair Witch Project worst or most disappointing of a movie ever Blair Witch 118 matrix
Reloaded 112 vanilla sky 32
Crouching tiger hidden dragon 25 everybody else small taters
That's what that guy in the train spotting city found inside that bowl small taters
Said they felt like taters
But a spot was in that yeah
That's why Kelly's got a squeaky boy small taters
Big hose small taters
Give it as what parents needs big hose
Can't think of a bigger one in the beast
Oh
I'm tired of
WQAM Miami for a lot of day of recently podcast group station
And wqam.com
