I can't care less Neil about their stupid greasy even though you want to make love to him anyway
Sorry, man, you want to do the Notre Dame freshmen. God is the ugly. What did a kid's name Quinn at Notre Dame? You want to do?
Pretty Quinn. Yeah, I'm pretty Pat Quinn and Tom Brady's been winning for me lately too every week
Yeah, that was a terrible. Do you see that game? Yeah, I did that was all that was as bad as they come that was coma inducing
Did you see the center fielder for the myelin's doing a really bad rap song yesterday to embarrass us?
Oh God, here it is one Pierre I'll play for you. You're not you're not in my ass you I was asking the eye you idiot
I was asking for well what his name was names one Pierre listen to this
You can't get it on I want to listen to something
Right, right listen to this we won the world series we won the world series
Who is that that with David Banton?
I guess Delilah must have cut his hair off before he made the big steam. He's a she sounded like guilty
He thought oh he sounded a lot fruity or the girl he sure did that guy sounded like most new main man
That guy sounded like he like preserves that guy. Yeah, he liked a jam on it
You have the rap song yet you are pathetic today, Zach you are
You are
Farter something a part of some kind so I can give Zach some extra minute
Here's our center fielder singing rap
We break breath
Okay
We
I guess we're coming down.
And you know what's even worse?
Is that every kneel, every single idiot
and every single, like, let's just say color down
in Miami yesterday, thought that was a smash hit.
Oh yeah.
That was the worst song.
That's worse than watching that.
That's the bad thing.
That's the bad thing.
That's the bad thing.
That's the bad thing.
That's the bad thing.
That's the bad thing.
That's the bad thing.
That's the bad thing.
That's the bad thing.
That's the bad thing.
Right.
I live in Broward.
Right.
Moe lives in Palm Beach.
And of course, he's tired of the guy
to him snowing around.
He lives in a little villa.
I got a big house.
He had...
And the point is, none of us have to worry about
paying for the new stadium.
So I say, let the people in the
county build a new stadium.
I say, I'm all for it.
Yeah, let him go anyways.
Let them pay for it!
Thank you.
Hey, you know, I can't even do my show anymore
watching all this sections in Telemundo.
Yeah?
This is static control.
I bet.
I have to flip on Playboy TV
and put the audio on for a second,
but it's...
Oh, I love that.
You know what I do now every day of my life. Oh, yeah
About David Samson I give me some more of that. I love that every morning. I can't give you any more of that
Why I don't have to dump it look at this really have to dump enough crap on your show
We don't want to start doing under my show. Um, how about this line from plan makers?
Are you a fairy son? And what was that thing you just said a minute ago about how it's you and Howard against the world
In the morning boy you sure have mellowed man. Oh, yeah
I'm a hey listen. I'm a put I'm scared to death abesley man
I just my goal every day Neil is to get out of here
But kind of scary when you look up in the tree and see that little retard with a banjo man
It scares me my goal is to get out of here every morning before duct sinks his fangs into my neck
Yeah, I mean these guys control me like I'm like their little dog on a leash man
I yank every time I do anything wrong. I'm just
I'm in trouble so much I'm cutting deals behind your back. I'm done getting yelled at I'm
Cutting deals because you know everybody else around here has their own rules and I got my own set of rules
And you know it I mean it's simple. I'm not doing anything everybody else can do whatever
Are you starting yesterday you had me laughing so hard driving my car
I drove up on the curb and ran over a little school girl about what that whole segment you did on asses
When I asked tight ass raw ass talk to ass really
Forget today's Wednesday. You know what that means ass Wednesday. It's the release of
Scrooze
Automatically I'm at a pink and one of the state. I met her
I met her little husband and her living lover yells at me every day on the phone says I snap at her
I can't listen I walked in a sail staff not man the only person I can trust is Jeff Hock as he can't catch me
That's for damn sure he can't catch me he moves he moves so slow like when I go out with him
I just leave a day early
Hey, did you get me my better what?
Don't talk to me. I'll send you money man. I'll take well such a I need love because without you
I have nothing here at this radio station if it was ever you I'd already have left
Well, I'll be seeing you soon as a matter of fact real briefly. What are you coming down in a few days good?
I love when you're here it pisses off everybody. I love it. This is off mode big time
I'm gonna come in here early and just sit sit in a bullpen and stare in there and watch him do it
You know we got here at this radio station. There's a bunch of chain smokers
I've never seen anything like that pit down there every morning at all there pregnant women
They're smelly asses. Skipping got me a pool table today. That's the most exciting thing
I've heard around here in a while. Yeah, have a nice day. You too, Scott
The temperature is zero
It is cold
It is so freaking cold
Welcome and I cringe every time the wind blows
In my pants
Something is shrinking
I'm so cold I can't lip-sync
That's because it's zero baby
And I cannot feel my thoughts
There's a tingling in my fingers
And my pride that parts are broken
Oh my nose is about to fall off
There's a cloud every time that I call
And my hands are blue
They are turning numb
They might have you take my thoughts
That's because it's zero baby
I can barely move my mouth
Oh no
I'm a red hat like the lover
But first I need to be thought out
Yes I need to be thought out
And that's because it's zero
That's it for you
We won the world series
Canis Mosch macho, that's our poll question for this hour
Enrique is here in town in Toronto
I'm much music last night they had an Enrique fest
For like two hours they should always Enrique videos
And they were counting down and then at about 10 30 or something like that
He actually was in the much music studios
And they just had hundreds and hundreds of screaming moist emotional girls just dripping
Oh girls
Yes
Well probably a few food cakes too
But all these teenage girls and young 20 something girls most of them really oh boy, porky looking
And he sat there and I just thought to myself man you got about as much chance of getting him his eye to none
Although I'll be honest with you I'd have a better chance because at least he likes me
Right
1309 votes on yesterday's poll
We won the world series
Get out of here David
Don't get your hair cut that short again
We won the world series
That is that is just leaves me on the floor you know it
I'm not sure if I like that one better or the one where he says
We did it
If that don't sound like Harvey Firestein
We did it
We did it
Man
Now see there you go be a negative again
P and on our parade me literally you're peeing on it you son of a bitch you you bastard you negative to a guy
What's wrong with you man
Everybody's just and Michael Mayo you are such a suck woman you are the silliest person I've ever met in my life
Probably hanging out with Tom jickett too much
What an idiot
What a simple in column he's gonna oh well
We'll leave all the talk of the stadium and finance it we'll leave that for another day
But in the meantime let's just bask in the glory
And then he's raven about the one-pier thing and about all this other stuff
Yeah come on when you cut the crap
You're part of the problem Mike me you don't realize it you're just two year and not a bad guy
But you're too stupid to realize that you're part of the problem
You're just another suck whole man. It just wants to hop on a bad wagon pee on every you know just pee right along with everybody else in a
Stereo
As opposed to you know and then I love the thing in the Sun settlers more before I get back to that poor result
Brian Greasy by the way said he yanked it instead of thumb is a bad cuz he yanked it
Actually says that right in the scum sent them he yanked it where the hell is the story George?
Oh, no, no, I want to I just before we get to that later on
The plan for this new stadium in Dade County
But reluctant which officials took pains to ensure was not being announced merely because of the euphoria
Surmouthing the Marlins Championship that has to be one of the funniest lines
That I'm aware in my life
Took pains to ensure was not being announced merely because of the euphoria
Surmouthing the Marlins Championship. No, it's just a coincidence. Don't you think sure what that because
1300 nine votes who should be the dolphin starting quarterback and I promise you that's as much sports all over talk about the stadium thing
Because that's not a sports thing. That's a dollar and something
We'll talk a little bit about that plus the good news is today
I went out and got another copy of a Michael Moore dude. Where's my country?
And I've got some you know, actually if I did any reading like I was joking around reading that Hillary book every day
Any year if I read a book to the audience that would be a pubic service, you know, yeah, if you read that one
Don't you think yeah
Well, I'm gonna read a couple of passages there because I seized the bottom and I actually have the book because I want to quote direct
I don't want to like paraphrase
Anyway, I guess we have to do the break first. No, we'll do the poor results see already
He's already dragging it out and it's Wednesday, which means that's right that big one to two comedy bits are I'm no fool
All the way did you walk today? Hey, by the way clearance. Thank you very much for getting boog to call in yesterday and also the big
That was really a special
Oh, it went right out the window. Hey, Neal. What do you got for me?
Nice going boog. That was a good line. You're the best
Floridians dumb as dirt you want the world theory don't miss the premiere of the latest spin-off of TV's most popular who don't it show?
It's CSI 90210
Hi Brandon
Um, could you like help me solve this like double homicide?
Okay, but only if you help me craft my
Okay, CSI 90210 America's most famous forensic crime series meets America's most famous secode
I don't get it Dylan. It just doesn't make sense. What are you talking about Brenda?
David Silver attempting to become a rapper and no
Why would someone want to kill the owner of the peach bit after dark?
I don't know because they couldn't kill him in the morning
Dylan Brenda
Oh, I'm excited if you want to see complex crimes sold by a bunch of kids who took 10 years to graduate from high school watch
CSI 90210 Wednesdays right after law and order Melrose Place edition
1088 560 WQM 1325 votes in yesterday's pool who should be that often starting quarterback
Brian greasy 647 even though he jerked it and the hurtest thumb doing it
647 48.748 percent I know give a Schmidt
249
18.8 percent hey Neil enough sports you ask all 180 to 13.7 percent
J.Feele or 137 10.3 percent which is about as good as you did all through the thing
I think 10.4 is about as high as J.Gon. Yeah, and I hate the dolphins 110
8.3 percent hate the spies that offense which is very un
civic community like a minded right I voted for that unpatriotic
That's right you got some dander there's a great cartoon
by tools from the Washington Post it's on our website already right under the pool
And it shows a firefighter in california and there's the hose on the ground
He's reading the newspaper might as well because the hoses aren't working too well
One of the the homeowner I guess is running out with a look of terror on his face
And the firefighters reading the newspaper that says on the front bush iraq
And he says the Santa and winds are a sign of success that the fire is getting desperate
And then they're like two little characters on the bottom on firefighter and some guy that says
Success has kind of a funny smell. Yeah, like we're burning over here
The brutal thing they're bringing california because of the voters what they did with arm lamptonium
That's what pet Robertson told me
For some people voted for gay Davis
Tomorrow's the big ratings party and of course the public is invited to show up in pember pines
Details on it a little bit later on they'll be feeding everybody who shows up
Just as part of our euphoria about the marlin's winning a championship right right sure. Yeah, let's pump it on a still mundo
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 t and for eyes and wireless line
And we don't want to get any more of that negativity in here because I always get blamed for that
It's the audience that's a negativity. I can't imagine how negative they be if the dolphins won the Super Bowl, huh?
Oh my god. Can you imagine all the negative things they'd have to say then?
Oh
Here's Miami. When is this?
Hello, yes sir
I think I can't understand a freaking word. He said what was he one peer wrapping I think oh is that what it was?
I think so okay
I have a great thing and don't forget
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 t
They're probably still in the bag most of the people in town after they tremendous the parades and a
ticker-taped parade and one peer rapid it and yank in it and Bob greasy our brain greasy
Yanked it all of this stuff
But I you know the enthusiasm it's supposedly there. It's just not our audience
I guess we have the sour pushes you think that's what it is
No
See I think that because somebody we had a couple of calls yesterday very bitter really bitter people
Billy it can about the fact that and of course it just happens to be true that every time something happens in
Dade County it always turns into an ethnic thing if it catch my drip
That is correct every time anything goes on the first of all the Hispanic politicians all come out
They speak in some language which doesn't happen to be English and then
There's all this other stuff going on that really has little or nothing to do with what anybody else cares about
I just mentioned that in passing
So we didn't have a few people kind of parked off about that and then even the George's this morning made some kind of a comment about what nerve
The people in Broward had in that new river connect the new river uh, they show it anglos. I'll they show we're about your anglos
Yeah, I think it's some god damn it even David Samson was speaking English in Broward
We did it all or I guess he must have been in Wilton manners when he said that don't you think
Wilting matters
Oh my god talk about your hair. Do the hair cut just a little bit too tight
And then I love the one where he says we won the world series
Get a get a butterfly in that to catch those runaway essence
We won the world series. Oh, what is that all about what happened to her to him, huh
Man poor David Samson and when I'm listening this morning and there's a mo going on about my new main man
David Samson you're such an asshole mo. It's unbelievable
suck up
He just he just wants to be in a and the thing about that 38,000 seat roof stadium
What is that all about how they're gonna make money with 38,000 seats? You think are they? No now
But it will get built by hook or by crook and want to be great
Can you imagine all the contractors that are rubbing their legs together right now
All a mayor penga per canyons good personal buddies who do get all the
franchises out there at the airport everything in Dave County is corrupt no matter what it is
You have to know the right people you have to smear the right palm
So I can just imagine right now what's gonna go on and build on that new stadium
Maybe right next to Joe Carrillo's house. He's a tempest in a peepot
Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, yes sir
Did they never really play market against this year? Are we gonna do what?
Are you gonna be announcing over to danger or ring plea market again next year? Yeah
Yeah, it's the guy with the watches and the knives and the uh mags. Oh that guy
Yeah, the big tall guy. I'll see you then
Okay
What the hell is he talking about
You know what a watch is and the knives and the maggots is that what he just said? The Daniel
Hahaha
All right
Two for two, man, we're banned a thousand who says we're not having a great time
five six seven before we get today's pull out remove. We'll hold that back for a little bit
Cuz don't forget we got that big one to two our I can see this thing we got it licked already
You know it like a big deal like I like a salt lick. Yeah, let's just leave now. We got it licked
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Hey, Dale. Yes, sir
They feel lir
Hello, I'm listening Jay Fee lir. Yeah, Jay Fee lir. That's what I'm for. I got a question for I've listened to Sean Hannity yesterday
During the day and they were talking about the Canadian healthcare and they said it's on average 25 weeks to go see a specialist
That's true. Yeah, no, I think it's 35
56705 60 everything here sucks. You stay right where you are. Okay. Everything here is really bad. It's terrible here
It's awful you to hate it too many happy people walking around
Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Neil. How you doing? I'm doing great
Neil 13 years now. I've been listening to you right
Today's the last day. Okay. I don't get you anymore. I really don't enjoy your program anymore. Uh-huh
Just thought I let you know. Oh, thanks for calling and let me know that you're not gonna be listening anymore
Okay, we'll see you tomorrow. All right
Oh my flight
Oh, man, what a jerk. Well, I'm not gonna be listening anymore
I guarantee you can bet Scott's life on it. He'll be there tomorrow. In fact, he's got to cranked up so loud right now
I don't get you anymore. Okay
Bye-bye have a great life. Ostechemia o'Hedis don't be the old meadus
56705 60 I'm loving. He's called. He's last uh since I came back from vacation. They've been really special. You know what? I don't like him. I'm liking it. I'm loving it
Let's take all you all I want to do I take like about 6,000 calls today
I might not even get to the Michael Moore book. I might have to say that till tomorrow. Damn it
Well, don't you think this is more important? Well, yeah, what you know here's pop it. Oh, hello
How you doing, Neil?
I've got that parade last night. It was a very good time
Yeah, phony voice Reverend Jones. Okay, so now we're still batting a thousand nice going Reverend Jones bad phony voice
wow
Here's a call from Boka. Maybe somebody who speaks English. Hello
Hello, yes sir
Yes, I knew yes
Yeah, I just want to say the big boys for bags
Okay, well hey the batter up new flush. Yeah
Maybe that's why that guy is saying we did it see
26 past 10 at 560 he didn't say we did it with but we can only imagine don't forget to screw
And book is out today one of the pink one of the stink get several copies for all your friends and kids
1026 if you and if your carpets are schmozzy now who do you tell me this account wise? Was it
Troy the boy I think when I come down here
I'm gonna have to get like scramble only some of her whips and chains and whip some of these bastards into shape
They just aren't cutting the mustard at all, man
They might be cutting something else, but the mustard ain't it
If you want to have your carpets clean
There's only one group of folks to be called and because they're the best in the world dry concepts for over 20 years
For like almost a lifetime
They've been cleaning my carpets and doing an unbeatable job because they're the only company in the world that dry
Clean your carpets which sucks out even the deepest down dirt way down in there
Like you wouldn't believe they make some looking smell and feel just like brand new and I'd ride concepts off as you a chance to say
15% on your next carpet cleaning just call them tool free at their usual number
248 5071 and ask the folks at ride concept to put you under stand by list
Then they'll call you next time they have an opening in their schedule
Just like when you fly stand by if you're available when they have an opening
They'll not 15% off the regular price
You can't beat it with a stick. They give you a written guaranteed price upfront and what would a job they do on your carpeting
Your poster your drape your all of these things your oriental and the area rugs
So call dry concepts today ask them to put you under stand by list
They might even have an opening for you on the same day that you call and you'll still get
15% off the already low price of the job call tool free
1-800-248-5071 and tell them that used to be great Neil Rogers told you to call but we can't stand him no more
1-800-248-5071 or check them out on the web at dryconcepts.com
We're supposed to be on 5-6-2-am
Thank you
Thank you very much
Yeah, I did it
I germinated K-David's
I am the covenator
Thank you
It's time to say has the labisner to California's problems
First of all, I'd like to thank my worthy opponents
Area and a half-ing them
Thank you. Thank you for making my silly accent some normal compared to your silly accent
Cruz, Bustamante
There's a place for you in my administration
I need someone to mold the lawn at the Covenants Mansion
At Carrie Coleman
There's a position for you in my cabinet
You have my medicine cabinet
You so tiny I'd love you in there
Seriously
My first day in office
I plan to announce some broad reaching initiatives
That's right. I'll initiate a plan to reach out and touch a bunch of broads
And I'll do it and lastly
I would like to thank my lovely white Maria
She should serve as a whole model for all Californians
During my term as governor while you're getting screwed
Just lay there and tell me I'm doing a good job, okay
Thank you
Thank you very much
We did it 1032 at five
60 QAM
I thought I'd have that I don't know magic must have been yeah must have been one of the magic moments
Anyway, I'm Alexander Virginia. Thank you so much for your poll suggestion
But the only problem is it's a bad one plus it's another sports thing see some of these people are trying to turn this into a sports show
And the answer now then it gonna happen enough of the dolphin stuff already
But diatries charged with billing for legless
Los Angeles the federal grand jury is indebted Los Angeles but diatries on frog charges for billing Medicare for procedures on patients that turned out to have no feet or to have been dead
Prosecutor said Friday that Robert Ken Kassamatsu 41 used the names and numbers about a hundred Medicare beneficiaries
Some of whom we had never seen to create and submit bogus claims totally more than 600 grand
Between 1996 and 2000 he obtained Medicare information for the fraudulent bills from the nursing homes where sometimes saw patients
He submitted bills for two foot services and about 40 Medicare recipients who had had one or both he'd amputated and for 30 people who had died
In some cases he treated one foot while claiming to have treated both feet how do you like that you put your left foot in you put your right foot
How do you do that?
The hood wheel this is the last day we're listening to you. We are really pissed off from fired up
You know for the last two days well two days plus the first half hour today
I have big I have pleaded well not exactly
But I've been searching for like a little bit of that enthusiasm that allegedly is there in South Florida
All this tremendous euphoria
We hope yesterday to hear from people who were like in the ticker tape parade calling on their cell phone saying
This is the greatest moment of our life something good as finally happened in here wasn't this great nice going boys
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba and they announced we're not gonna break up the team or we're bringing back old Jack McKean who turns out
10 next year and all this other good stuff and nothing all we get is the usual same crap because nothing ever changes
You can have some kind of cosmetic thing I called the hoopla yesterday
But underneath when you scrape it away like scrape on all the goddamn wax off the top of the uh
Well the thing you filter fish your filter fish. That's right all the gel jelly off the girl filter fish
It's for the same rotten white fish underneath. That's right the same mung
Like when you scrape away that
Lard on top of the chicken soup. What do they call that that's the green of the fat the real the fat when you put it in the refrigerator
That layer of fat that scum it's called reamer
Is it really yeah, it is look it up when it doubt reamered out
Is that what they call it a beam job?
Oh, by the way here's today's death report now. I don't want to be negative
I'm just passing lots of information to die as a us Abrams tank blown up ambush one seven Ukrainian soldiers
Two American soldiers were killed in Baghdad when their Abrams battle tank was damaged by resistance fighters
You as officials said today as the number of US soldiers killed in combat since major fighting ended top the wartime total in wartime
It was one thirteen and now it's one fifteen
Since the president said uh fighting is over oh I see
And he also said that now the fact that they're killing a lot more people is really good because it means that we're really pissing them off
We're getting to them also just as kind of a sidebar
Truck bomb explored near a pulley station in Falugia
Yesterday afternoon killing at least four people in the after multiple car bombings in Baghdad left about three dozen dead
The blast unleash shrapnel and fire across the crowded intersection near the city central market
blowing apart two pedestrians and setting several cars on fire
But Neil can't we hear about the good things that are happening in Baghdad and all of Iraq right
Let's hear a lot more about the good things. Okay, please
Here's today's poll question and we did one and I see I'm trying to be positive
We did one last week or whatever it help was before my vacation two weeks ago about the comedian you think was the least funny
Right
Lainist well, how about something positive for a change? What do you say a positive?
Which current comedian you think is the funniest?
I got a short list here of seven
George Carlin Max Kingcle which we don't know who that is but remember somebody called that in yeah, who
Max Kingcle I don't know who that is
Chris rock
Robin Williams I put some other ones on here Leslie Neilson Mike Myers and Jim Curie
There's last three by the way all Canadian A and believe me it stinks here. It's terrible
George Carlin Max Kingcle Chris rock Robin Williams Lesley Neilson Mike Myers Jim Curie and of course you'll add some others as time goes on
Brian Greasy he's a comedian. He said he jerked it
The 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and for rise and wireless line like I said our goal today is to think about
3000 calls don't you think sure we can do it sure
Here's Pemberpine. Hello
Thank you Mr. Ted
So here's I'm around hello. Hello Neil how are you okay sir?
I just want to comment on something you just said before this is a phony time I grew up here
I have not got no game in three years. I'm very happy that they won all these people are out there
Most have never been to a game Mr. Ted. Yeah, sir
I listen. I don't really want to pee on anybody's parade literally you're figuring
But the fact of the matter is you're right and I've been sent us for a long time and it's never gonna change
99% of those people are just bandwagon jippers
In fact 90% of them didn't even go to the playoff of World Series games
Just reach out and grab the brass ring and say hey, I'm great. I did this you know they have no
That's David Samson
He I didn't I didn't say that you said that
He sounds like Harvey Firestein on a bad day
He'll have a great day in the guy the car said he won't listen he'll listen goodbye
See you. Oh, he's not only we see first of all if I decide I don't want to watch his show
Well, we've been through the meantime. I'm not gonna call to a announce. I'm announcing. I've been listening for a long time 13 years
But uh goodbye. Okay. Hey good luck to you. Okay. Don't take any wooden nickels
Oh, and those twenty dollar bills to do pink ones everything is pink down
They're counterfeiting those already the ones that were supposed to be counterproof it
In fact, it wouldn't surprise me if the mayor's the son
Is working on it right now trying to figure that out here's one. Let's see if Robert says read the story in a son
Sentinels again. It was Fiedler who said he anchored not greasy. Oh was Fiedler he anchored
Fiedler was referring to it. No, no, no, no, that's not the story at all. Okay, Robert
This must be Robert Grieper Fiedler was referring to his knee during pregame warm-ups on Monday night. No, this was about greasy's
Thumb which they're still not sure and depending on how his thumb is and Fiedler's knee and uh, it is
Goa more hanging greasy thumb is a greasy thumb
So there you go. So Robert, don't be corrected me. I make a lot of mistakes believe me
I'm well aware of that but that wasn't one of them. I read it with my own three eyes. Okay
Deal emerging for three hundred and twenty five million dollar Marlon Stadium in Dade County and that's just the uh the facility not the land
So we're talking probably a half a million dollars. Oh right. Good luck to you. Okay. I say that all these front-running phonies
Who were in the parade yesterday or now got their their teal t-shirts and all their caps and their perifinita
Let's have them pay for what do you say? Huh?
What's their answer?
Let the product on the merchandise pay for it. Right. All you people out there just line right up
The people that were lined up there to buy tickets for the world serious and to play off all you people now
It's your turn to line up and start forking over some cash to build that three hundred and twenty five million dollar
State of Minnesota site yet to be determined under circumstances yet to be determined with contractors yet to be chosen personally by
Mirapinga, Pacania so that he can grease the palms and they can grease his
The old greasy master
He jerked it in fact he's jerking a whole county around and they love it. They enjoy it in Dade County as a greasy thumb
And they love a role martini's and everyone of those other gangsters in Dade County. They absolutely love it
1040 20 before 11 at 560 W. Women by the way, Rall martini's quick picking on our buddy Hank, okay?
Quick picking on the bumper, my stir all you notice for a fat guy can still run away pretty fast
Big news how the potty act GMC has just been voted the number one potty act GMC Dade or in Dade County and customer satisfaction
See there's something really outstanding in Dade County and that's it how the potty act GMC
And Tom Limon and Joe Prieta want to thank all their loyal customers for their support right now take advantage of these great
Neal deals on over 60 GMC on voice and on boy excels and stock by an envoy at Halopers little is
2998 you heard correct on voice and on boy excels for his little as
2998 save up to five grand with combined discounts and rebates or get you 0% interest like in recases
Zero and of course how it's also got is they have for over 35 years by far and away the best selection and certified dependable pre-owned cars
Trustness you've easy could to bet your life on at bet scots life on it
And if you're worried about a few blemishes on your credit report have no fear because how it is here
They'll work with you like feverishly to make sure they can cut you a deal
So look for the great Neal deals today and every day at Haloponti act GMC
130 401 South Dixie highway that's on US one across from the falls where they've been for a lifetime open every day
Seven days a week if you want more info on these special deals call the Neal Rogers Neal deal hotline tool free and one
Untriple eight. How come you don't get my name in the spot a little bit more come on time you can do it
One triple eight five three four
42 11 that's one triple eight five three four four two eleven
Don't forget all our perceptive credit approval see the folks at Haloport details and Haloponti act GMC who shot from the roof troughs
We did it and also we are professional grade
Here's for radio five cities you and you a m
You
We did it
We did it
such
Ste
Egg
Over all the dinner now.
Unless you tear us to the gobletorn MSG.
This is ground control to make your world your total 2070.
But you remain outside of the library everywhere.
And thus how come you gotta come and pick it up?
Yeah, let me show the back door.
This is made to want to buy a troll.
I bother you, complain.
How the heck I supposed to be the one to answer?
Who?
Who when you forget to give me a present?
Who you fool?
What is?
Why you don't give me my sub packet?
I must have packet to put off the meat again.
Oh boy, this is gonna be real bad pride.
You laugh on my pork fry raise.
What are you thinking?
It's 1047 and 564.
Jessica Lynchman, she's really taken up the old shoot.
You know what?
A journey to the hometown of Jessica Lynch by the Iraqi lawyer who helped the pretty young American soldier
and did an embarrassment for all concerned when she snubbed him.
Miss Lynch portrayed as a heroine of our times for her courage while a prisoner of war was too busy to receive the visitor.
Her family's lawyer said her savior Muhammad al-Rahif was outwardly understanding of her failure to appear during his trip.
I know she had a very difficult time in Iraq and she takes rest, he said.
However, Mr. Al-Rahif was been granted a siliment in the U.S. for fear of revenge attacks at Iraq.
Was reported to be disappointed by her failure to meet him on his visit to Palestine, West Virginia.
The Lynch's lawyer, Stephen Goodwin, who's not too crazy about them Palestinians, denied that rivalry between the 20-year-old former soldier and Iraqi benefactor
over competing media projects was the blame for her absence. Absolutely not he said.
Absolutely.
Miss Lynch's book, I Am a Soldier 2, The Fruit of a Gigantic Publishing Deal, will be released next month
and a countdown to her first TV interview in two weeks time has already begun.
But she's been beaten in the print, Mr. Al-Rahif, whose own work, because each life is precious, was published earlier this month,
any audio, audio, any partridge and territory.
So as usual, she just ain't what the perpetrator to be, but nevertheless, the American public life's being lied.
I do think it's used to it.
Okay, which current comedian you think is the funniest? Will be building this list? I think I hope.
Chris Rock 12 out of 30, George Rollins 6. What?
That's what I voted for.
Leslie Neilson 5, I voted for Les. Robert Williams 5, Mike Myers 2, Max King, although I don't have any winner.
Jim Carries that I'm here yet for some reason I haven't figured out yet.
Because Erick says George, where is the list? Did you send him the list?
I thought I did.
Here's a call from Evan Tura, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was going to put a few good reddies that I thought I was wrong with Milton Ray, all morning long.
What?
Hello?
What is it?
I said, I'm a spy reporter for a quality honey-on-we're ripping you real good this morning.
About what?
Oh, they're saying that all you do is talk about Toronto weather and just basically ripping you real good.
Good, good, good luck to them.
Okay, keep talking about us, Paul and young Ron.
First of all, I don't talk about Toronto weather.
Although quite frankly, it is going to be pretty nice next few days.
We got spring and fall coming back again.
Going to be sunny in like 52 today and it's going to be like sunny in the low 60s.
I don't talk about Toronto weather.
You ask, oh, so by the way, we still got gigantic ratings.
See, you can try desperately, Paul and young Ron.
You think that would all the stuff that's going on in town since they're always sucking along your sucking rich Sanchez's big fat pimpley ass and they're sucking on everything they can grab on to.
You think that's what they be talking about, but again they're obsessed with it as usual and more power to them.
Okay, just keep just spell my name right.
That's all I ask.
Because we're still kicking ass.
Even with little George on for about half of the summer, we still kicked ass.
Okay, George, it takes all the lumps from all the mouth contents.
Oh, George, don't belong on the air.
George, socks and George couldn't do this and all the other.
And the meantime, we still had the highest ratings on the station and we still kicked everybody's ass.
And believe you mean when I was on that station, Paul and old Ron, we had real gigantic numbers on Zeta, not the kind of mediocre numbers.
You know, they do good.
They do okay, but not the kind of humongous ass kicking beating everybody in the world numbers that we had.
And we had a whole lot of competition back in those days.
That's right.
That's just how it's sperm.
We're like a half a dozen like major shows on the air and no in those days as opposed to like one real competitor on the FM band.
You had Joey Reynolds on against you.
Hey, how can you beat that?
That's right.
Talk about stiff competition.
Can't get stiff or nice.
I am that him.
Get out of here.
By the way, quick talking about Rod Roddy bad. He's dead.
You idiot.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
What a bunch of overgrown children we got in Southfoot.
Here's the spy report.
Jopal and young Ron were talking bad about you.
Neal, they said, but you talk about Toronto weather.
See, that's what they're jealous of because probably both of them would like to be doing a show from any place but soft food like maybe a real civilized place and to get in page.
I can't acutely mongous bucks for it and getting big ratings.
And no one that everybody in town has listened to your show, which they're probably listening right now.
And by the way, you were equipped be an allire Ron or Paul, whatever to have your name is.
Casting no balls.
Oh, yeah, I ran into the near the sawgrass.
You know, I remember that.
Yeah, just I haven't seen this man in years.
Oh, it's speaking of them when I did see him.
Was it a pant again many years ago back in the old Miami arena and it reminds me I wanted to mention that because I see I lived through the phoniness and I town back then.
Remember those days, how could I forget everybody had the panther flags in a car.
These were people who wouldn't know a hockey puck if you stuck a dozen of them up their ass and everybody was a big fan and we love the panthers.
It's really hot, the beavers, the geezer and of course, you know, and they managed and of course Wayne's looking to everybody to build the building.
Because we know that one thing about sports owners, they never ever lie to the public.
Make no mistake about that.
They always tell us the truth.
And I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it.
Yeah, mark this.
If Broward County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this for some, I will not play here.
Right.
Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else.
I have only one thing to say to you Wayne.
What a freaking liar.
Park Mark ball-headed liar.
Snookered by Broward County and of course, we're all wrapped up in the euphoria of the moment building that big gigantic thing.
And then we had to stir a couple of weeks ago, Broward County ain't making peanuts from that facility.
It's all going into somebody else's pocket, what an addition to which the team has already been sold and all that so-called euphoria.
Since they've been in new building, Scott, how many times have they made a playoffs in the six years?
None.
Once.
Once.
Twice any old building in Miami.
Oh, one great year.
One great year.
And then once against New Jersey in this and the boy guy swept out in four straight.
Faster, you can say douchebag.
Faster, you can say, Wayne's a douchebag and nobody in town knows a crap.
And you go to those games thanks to me in the free tickets.
You see there's, you know, marginal crowds.
Yeah.
Most of the time.
If nothing else is going on, yes.
Right, that's right.
If there's nothing else going on and there's marginal crowd, if something else is going on, there's nobody there.
And when they're there, they're not watching the game anyway.
And when they're there, they don't understand the game.
They don't know who the players are.
They are.
There is no interest in hockey in South Florida.
And yet we had that one year and it's exactly the same thing.
It's dizzy all over again.
I'm not trying.
I said all along during the Marlon Rye.
I said it's good for the community.
I'm happy for a nice job.
You know, all this other stuff.
But just keep it in perspective.
You don't have to like get all hysteric.
Oh, now what can we do for you?
Let's build you a stadium.
Let's give you all our money.
You know, this is in Dave County where a lot of the kids don't have textbooks to take home from school.
And all this bull crap that you people speak about.
Oh, will we care about education?
No, you don't.
The American public doesn't give a flying fig about education and don't ever forget it.
Okay?
That's why there's so many more rounds running around.
That's why we got a bozo for president.
That's why you look at the politicians that everybody's always bitching about.
Who the hell put them in their first place?
In the way elections that weren't fixed.
Did we ever have any of those?
No.
Well, if we would have had any.
Like Mayor Pinga, Pacania, and Joe Carrillo, and Mizeir, Swarth, Swarth.
The same tired old names over and over and over again.
Dave County, man, in the olden days, like on the beach, it had to be some old Jew that was running for office.
Or, of course, now it's got to be somebody with a Z on the other name.
Diaz, Gonzalez, Aswaraez, Easy.
Yeah.
Easy.
Does it?
That's all it takes.
Pac, how about Alex Gonzalez for a governor of the world?
Yeah, there you go.
Boy, that call that we're playing by Dave Van Boring.
Seriously, that goes to show it that a QM we have no shame.
How could we play those low lights?
You know, I mean, I'm sure we have many of Boogs really great calls, which Boogs are sensational.
But why are we playing those Dave Van Boring calls?
They're just that one that we just played before, the three run home run by Encarrenacion.
That was Los Campionas del Mundo.
Yeah, bad.
Yeah.
Wasn't that pathetic?
I mean, we're talking about to playoffs, baby, the second round, the road to the world serious.
Right there in Wrigley Field.
And it was kind of like maybe somebody poked him in the ass with like a kind of a dull pin, not a sharp one.
It's just kind of a dull pin, a dull one.
Never get poked in the ass with a dull one.
Here's Boca.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
This is Arnold checking in with you.
Yeah, okay, Arnold.
Bad, Tony, voice.
Arnold.
Go put it back in your pants, Arnold.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Oh, was that Pudge?
That was Pudge.
Here's Fort Pierce, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Keep pushing him up, baby.
How about those good old Milan pants not like up in the Rondaquite in New York or Grease even?
Yeah, go back to it.
Okay, go back to Rondaquite.
All these Rochesterians.
The only good thing about Rochester was Vic and Irv's and Donumbabs.
And that was it.
End of Red Wings and the Amherst.
Don't share any Amherst and Bronco Horvath.
Don't start with that hockey talk, mister.
If you know what's good for you, okay?
Okay.
Okay.
1056 at 560.
I'm loving.
He's caused.
Do we have any new names for our pool?
No, it's all right.
Which current comedian do you think is the funniest?
We've got a lot of votes on there already.
Chris Rock 20, George Carlin 20, 2020.
2020, as she says, the illiterate one.
Robin Williams 10.
She's not illiterate.
She just, what do you call it?
Retarded.
Yeah.
Mike Myers 8, Leslie Wilson 6, Jim Carrey 3, and Max Kinkle.
See, who is Max Kinkle?
I have something.
Somebody stuck this into putting that on there.
Explain to me who it was.
I don't know who that is.
And evidently, nobody else.
One thing I do know, horse racing fans, they're doing it at
Pompey-No Park.
They're open for their 40th anniversary season.
Almost right now, as I speak.
The track features top-class nighttime horse racing in high stakes
poker.
There's a new post-time at 7.05 for the harness races.
And the poker room is open from noon till midnight.
Every live racing day like today.
Pompey-No Park currently is open every Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday
for live racing.
And of course, they're open every day of your life seven days
a week.
They end nights for the best in simulcasting, harness, durbrad, and
highlight action from all across North America for you to watch
and wager on, including from Mohawk and Woodbuy and here in Toronto
where the weather is currently cloudy.
And it's about 50 a.
And don't forget that General Park and admission are always free
at Pompey-No Park.
New this season is a 20% increase in purses.
A nightly giveaway of a $400 betting voucher.
And a revamped free power player or player rewards program that
gives you points for either betting the horses or playing poker
that you can redeem for special gifts and betting vouchers.
Let me say it again.
Free program.
And every Wednesday is a dollar night for draft beer hot dogs
so does it much more.
Every Friday night, October, a sea escape night with free prize
drawings for fans age 18 and older to win one of 10 pur tickets
on the sea escape.
Pompey-No Park where all of these things and lots more are
going on, fat rich as plunge and his guts up, you'll find them
on block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Power Line Road.
For the new race schedule of the simulcasting schedule,
call 9-5-4-972-2000 or you can go online and check it out
at pompey-no-park.com.
Pompey-no-park where Brian Sears is God.
My name is Luke Holt.
This is Fort Real 560.
Where are you?
I'm here.
I'm here.
I don't have a clue.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I don't want to think about these things.
I'm from it.
I wish I could stop.
I also think about human waste.
I'm pure and leased and poor.
It's disgusting.
I can't get through a meal.
You thought it was me day and night.
I said I wanted to.
They always come to mind when I am in soup.
I think I should be crazy.
I've always been crazy.
I know that.
This is amazing.
The fact you just sent me out.
This is a search on Max Kinko to try to figure out who he was.
He was a DJ at CKLW.
This is from the wrong freaking poll.
Remember that poll?
Your favorite all-time DJ?
Maybe you get some votes on this poll.
What do you think?
I see that on my working world wide web.
I picked this facts up off the machine.
Tucker says just for the record, Max Kinko is or was a mediocre DJ.
Not a comedian.
What is it?
K-Rock.
K-Rock.
That's Howard station.
K-Rock in New York City where they had the classic rock format.
It was also on CKLW in Detroit, Windsor.
The
P.S. Mark David's, more David Samson all the time.
What does that mean?
They like that drop I think.
Do they like to drop?
We did it!
They like that one better or they like silly Samson.
We won the World Series.
Oh man.
We won the World Series.
Oh!
Seriously, you could trap those runaway S's in a butterfly and put them in a bottle.
Probably be worth a lot of money someday.
There you go.
Be a negative again.
They'll pick it on poor David Samson.
He's going to keep the manager.
He's going to keep the team in tech.
This is 1997.
What a bulletin that is, huh?
You don't even have to look at your calendar.
5667-0560, £560 on a AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless.
Oh, wine.
Wow.
What was that?
Right in stride there.
It was a beautiful thing.
And you want to know why?
We won the World Series.
That's why.
Because I'm so...
Oh yeah.
I'm more of you for you and gas.
Stuff like that.
Here's a call from Miami.
Where is this?
Oh, he...
Yes.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
Oh, no, that's him again.
See, he tried to start with something else, but then he...
How you doing?
I'm not going to talk to you ever again.
Do you understand it?
That was him, right?
I would.
He would never listen again.
Yeah.
Let's swap him for the guy that had been listening for 13 years allegedly.
Who says he's never going to listen again allegedly?
Let's make a deal right there.
Okay?
Let's get money hauled and mediate the thing.
And let's do a swap and take the radios away from both of them.
Right.
And no, take the phones away from both of them.
Yeah, right.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound 5, 6, the on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
We're not getting any new names for our list.
And that's okay.
That's fine.
You talk about whatever you want.
We don't really need any new names for our list.
I think we have a fine list right there.
And if they want to add some names, that's okay.
But like I told you, because it's a positive thing.
Oh, let's see.
Here we go.
Here's the facts that you're just set.
Albert Brooks.
Got him down.
And Brian Regan.
Now I have no idea.
I remember Regan and the exorcist, Regan.
Yeah.
Remember Ronnie Regan has said that he was the antichrist.
That was kind of amusing.
Who's Brian Regan?
Don't know.
And how about Billy Crystal?
Okay.
Yeah.
Come on.
Put him on there.
He's got an kind of old and worn out.
He's still kind of a music.
John Cleese.
Now we're talking.
Now we're getting some names on the facts machine.
Because the colors got important stuff to do.
Like, you know, show their ass.
So we got John Cleese.
And I wish I knew who the hell Billy Regan was.
Do you know?
Scott?
Yes.
Who's Brian Regan?
Yeah.
Brian Regan.
Who is he?
A comedian.
Oh, well that's good.
Okay.
So let's get those on list.
He's a comedian.
5, 6, 7, 05.
60.
I'm 5, 6, 8.
And it is 11, 05 in a moment.
It's the middle of the week.
All the festivities from yesterday are over.
All the dilly dallying.
All the excuses are in the behind at this point.
So how come the lovely Miguel doesn't have any more information about our abandoned pet rescue?
And about what's going on?
I'm telling you, you talk about we are being sandbagged.
That's the word that I'm looking to use.
We are being sandbagged.
Is he giving you any new number?
No.
I haven't seen him yet today.
Any more information?
Huh?
Any more idea about any like events that we have coming up?
Like van hit stuff like that?
No.
No.
No, see we have it because it's not a sports thing.
So it's not important enough for QM.
They don't want to do just.
You're right.
Unlike IOD where we actually used to get some assistance from the other people on the year and with their own CDs.
We used to really have a major something we could be proud of.
Fun Razor kind of a thing that we're really cared about.
This station doesn't care.
They just don't give a flying crap.
The promotion department.
So don't, unless it's associated with some of these golf tournament, they don't give a crap about doing anything about raising money for any kind of a good cause.
They just don't care.
They may put on a good act for it.
They don't even do it that way.
They don't put on any kind of an act with us.
Because they just don't care enough to send their very best or worse to anything else.
They're just indifferent.
They don't care about what they're hearing.
Just like Clarence pretending that he didn't hear me hang up on Boog twice yesterday.
And Boog loved it by the way.
You're indeed.
See Boog is one of those people.
He gets it.
Unlike some of the people even though they've been there for a year and a half and they still don't get it.
Absolutely.
5 6 7 0 5 6.
Here's a call from Coconut Grove.
Hello.
Good morning, sir.
Yes.
How are you this morning?
OK.
What can we do for you, Thuy?
Do you know who George Carlin is?
No.
It's Woody.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
I was left in George Carlin before they popped your sorry ass out of your mother's womb.
Did you ever see him?
Did you ever see this Woody?
No, but he doesn't come to appearances and lurks and then read it afterwards.
But he doesn't show himself.
If you think he's annoying on a phone, you ought to see it in person.
It is something.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
New of God.
Yes, sir.
How about Gilbert Godfrey?
Gilbert Godfrey.
He's still alive?
Yeah, he's still going.
Damn it.
OK, thanks.
He's OK.
Do you like him?
Well, I like those outflight commercials.
Yeah, he's all right.
That's about his, oh, he's got going.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Which correct comedian do you think is the funniest?
Somebody you actually like.
I know that's out of your character.
102 votes.
Here's somebody we don't like.
I appreciate you coming.
Yeah, OK.
Chris Rock 33, George Karlin 31, Robert William 17, Mike Myers 9, Leslie Neelson 7,
which is obviously the correct answer.
Oh, now he's got eight.
Jim Curie 7.
And no vote.
We'll take Max Kinkle off of there.
Please, Eric Kinkke, Max Kinkle off of there.
That was a, that was somebody's bad, probably mine.
John, please, and Billy Crystal have none.
They just went on there moments ago.
And what about Brian Greasy?
He's pretty funny.
And then, Chris, everybody can't get up.
Every time he falls down, you know.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T.
See, the one thing about the American public is they love being volstmitted.
That's why they love bush so much.
They love being volstmitted.
All that's certain to change a little bit because there's a little bit too much volstmitted
and too many innocent people dying all over the place.
Pound so many pounds of it.
Right, that's right.
I mean, you know, volstmitted is OK, but once you're starting to drown in it,
once the aroma starts getting up to your nostrils and up to your earlobe,
then it starts going to be a little bit kind of heavy duty.
I get it.
Here.
With a dump.
Oh, dump.
Oh, no.
Let's go home.
Woo.
That was unfelievable, man.
That was almost as good as...
Antracks.
Yeah, almost.
Thank you, W.
Yeah.
Let's take a call from Pompato.
Hello.
A nails, I think Jim Carrey.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I got a question for you.
Have all the Canadian...
We don't talk Canadian stuff, OK?
This is a South Florida show.
This is probably one of Paul's boyfriend's ringer.
It does.
He's a call from Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
You play him a lot, but Dennis Larry has to be on your list.
Dennis Larry, excellent.
But there's another guy.
He's a young guy, and I actually went to high school with him.
And he had a show on HBO called Mr. Show with Bob and Dave.
His name's David Cross.
If you haven't been turned on to him, he is right up your alley.
He's even gotten a little too far out there for me, but...
He's good.
He's great.
OK, let's get him on her.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Thank you.
Keep it up.
Have a great day.
Not too long, Dennis.
We don't have a Dennis Larry's a good one.
Here's a fact that said...
Now, this isn't the guy again.
It's facts twice on Monday.
Yeah, it is J.M.
Oh, Jesus Christ Almighty.
Look at how long this thing is.
Man.
On Monday, I sent you a fact concerning whether QM would have
retained the broadcast, right?
It's the wrong games.
You were nice enough to read it, but still feel the most likely.
Actually, I hate to break the news, you sir.
But the fact of the matter is that we had the broadcast rights for one or maybe two more years.
I asked for it, he wasn't sure, but at least one more season.
So next year's games will not be online, for it even though it claims to be a loyal QM listener.
Probably not the one of Paul's boyfriend.
What occurred yesterday during the parades only helped to validate my opinion.
At 5.30, I was listening to the BoCumber broadcast.
One couldn't help but hear other than the morning show duo from 103.5.
I'm seeing the thing, yadi, yadi, yadi.
Where was QM?
See, I hate to break the news, do they?
We already got the contract, J.M.
So I'm delighted that you're so concerned.
You're so worried about the future of our relationship with Florida, Marlon.
But we already have under contract.
Now, if Muff was doing his job, he'd come running into right now and say,
we got him under contract for two more seasons or whatever it is.
You know, if Muff was on top of things, maybe he's important.
He's eating a lot of eggs with parents right now.
Then it goes on to say, would it be who of the QM promotion department to kick all those clear channel folks?
And right in the end nuts and put a real person out who knows something about baseball.
For a round on that stage, the whole of scene was the joke.
See, we didn't want to be associated with it too much.
We didn't want to be because most of our people speaking were sick, except for the big five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 in addition to which who wants to be we already got me on the year, which is more than enough.
You know what I'm saying?
We had to support this one.
We don't want too many people running around saying, we did it.
Like that.
That Harvey firestein approached the baseball.
We don't like that on QM.
We like more manly kind of stuff.
Five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Let me tell you about a fabulous place to take your feet.
Probably a good idea to take the rest of you to and that's Brandy shoes and pomp and obi.
They've been doing it right.
This is their 25th anniversary in business in South Florida.
And you can imagine during that time how many every year how many shoes there is come and go.
At least probably hundreds during that period of time 25 years.
But Brandy is going stronger than ever because you can't beat him with a stick all the way around.
They've got the best selection of the top names in the shoe business.
They got rock ports.
Echoes, Mephisto, Timberland, Clarks, Floreshime, SES, all the brands you know and love and want.
And they have a wide range of sizes.
Men size six to 15.
Can you imagine a guy with a size 15 shoe?
No.
Shocking.
By the way, smallville tonight.
And women's five to 12 and what's from the very narrow to the very big fat and wide.
Beware of women with big fat feet.
And don't forget their professional sales staff will sit with you and give you a personal fitting.
To make sure you get a perfect fit every time with over 40,000 parents stock in their gigantic 8,000 square foot megastore,
you can vet scots life on it.
That you're going to have exactly what you're looking for on your feet when you parade out of that store.
Brandy shoes a great place to take your feet for shoes.
They're at 1290, North Federal Highway in Pompo, and obi, open daily nine to nine Monday through Saturday and every Sunday 10 to five.
And all this week, take 20% off on all men's and women's famous brand boat shoes.
Gee, I should have done that in time for the boat parade, don't you think?
At least in the other two as well, the bottom names like Spirry, Timberland, Sabago, Rockports, and Dexter,
20% off all men's and women's famous brands this week at Brandy shoes.
So hop into the store and visit them on the way.
But Brandy's shoes dot com.
My and local.
This is Fort Real by 60.
You ain't way in.
He was trapped in ice, stood atop a pole, and lived in a plexiglass box.
Now, Master Illusionist David Blaine faces his greatest challenge ever.
Come on man, I gotta get in there.
Yes, David Blaine on the can.
Crap, alone in the claustrophobic confines of the downstairs half bath near the laundry room.
James, aren't really neat to get in there, man.
David Blaine on the can.
With only a glass of metamusel, a nearly empty roll of shaman, and a five month old sports illustrated.
James, come on dude, the turtle is poking his head out.
Don't miss the exciting conclusion of David Blaine on the can.
When David finally emerges from his fortress of fecal manner.
Oh, years man.
You know, come think of it.
I don't have to go that bad.
David Blaine on the can.
It might be a pile of dung, but it's still better than all his other pointless stunts.
George gets real nervous when the turtle starts poking a 10 out like that.
Hundred and some odd votes, which court committee do you think is the funniest?
Hundred and thirty seven.
George Carlin, forty five.
Here's the fact is, how about Dana Carvey, right?
Is he on her yet?
Yes.
Good.
Not on there.
He will be.
George Carlin, forty five.
Chris Rock, forty one.
Robin Williams, twenty.
Mike Myers, ten.
Leslie Nielsen, nine.
Jim Carrey, nine.
Max Henry.
John Cleese, three.
And Billy Crystal don't have any.
Wow, wow, wow.
They've turned on him.
Remember what he used to be the hot thing?
Sure, that was a hundred years ago though.
That was only not a hundred maybe.
Not that four.
Well, pastor accused of assault given two month paid leave.
The pastor of one of Houston's largest churches was given a two month paid leave of absence in the wake of allegations.
He sexually assaulted the thirty seventy old man.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Members who packed Brentwood Baptist Church during a rarely scheduled quarterly church business meeting Monday night.
Approved the two month absence for pastor Joe Samuel Ratliffe, fifty three.
There was overwhelming support for the pastor by the church.
Said Paul Jefferson, business administrator for the twelve thousand member church.
Ratliffe attended the church meeting.
He promised to come back stronger and even more committed to ministry than ever.
Arnold Blake alleged in lawsuit foul on August that the pastor assaulted him in Ratliffe's office after a service honoring recruitment in February.
Blake sued both the church in Ratliffe for an underscores amount of money.
The suit has since been resolved.
Parties for both sides said no terms disclosed.
Campbell acknowledged that television broadcasts of an audio tape with the pastor talking with with Blake with improper language disturbed members.
Yoddy, yoddy.
Wow, there you go.
Another one in good men of the cloth.
They have a temper too, right?
They had their entitled have a little tantrum now and then.
Sure.
Five six seven oh five sixty.
Have we got them?
I guess I was numbers yet.
No, I haven't seen them.
He's really slipping.
He used to be on our side.
Now he's just turned on us to the entire radio station just in the wrong because it's not a sports thing like I said.
Margaret.
Joe.
Margaret.
Joe.
Sure.
She's hot for some reason.
She is.
Yeah.
Well, Cynthia and Miami says put her on here.
No, Margaret.
Joe.
Yo.
Let's give Margaret.
Joe on a list.
Kind of get some different names on there.
All right.
Five to see if it was negative.
We get a lot bigger response.
But there are still all whipped up about that parade yesterday.
Aren't they?
No.
Algorithy or you got thousands of people lined up lined up.
Oh, how about Parker Brian?
That's good.
But he's not a comedian per se.
He's like a what we call.
He's a satirist.
He's a satirist.
Very good.
He's a satirist who likes a good twist.
How do you know?
Jim says how about Parker?
Well, you got a good point Jim.
Parker Brian is highly underappreciated.
Not by us.
But by some of the people out there, radio land,
including that one neurotic nutcase that calls us every now and then.
Parker Brian sucks.
He kind of disappeared that guy, didn't he?
Yeah, I think about it.
It just.
Oh, if I got a great line for that, but I don't think I'll use it tomorrow.
Deal emerging for $325 million dollar Marlon's stadium in Miami day.
This is in the Sun Central this morning.
And of course, coming is no surprise to anyone as thousands of Marlon fans cheered.
Yes.
When Miami City Commissioner, Joe Sanchez, another guy with the name of the ends of the
Z held up a sign at Bayfront Park reading.
If we build it, will you come?
The County officials will be developing what they hope will be the first piece of
financing for new ballpark for the World Series Champions.
Los Campiones del Mundo.
What I say, Los Campiones.
Whatever.
I say right up.
What you most up.
What you most Los Campiones del Uras del Uris.
On Tuesday night, hours after three Marlon victory parades, did County Mayor Alex Penga
Picania, County manager George Burgess, several County commissioners and Marlon's president, David
Samson, with or without the lila said, we did it.
Announce the County.
We did it.
We did it.
We did it.
We did it.
We did it.
Oh, come down.
Announce that the County intends to pledge $73 million, which is by a hell of a lot of textbooks
by the way, in combination of County hotel bed and sports facilities taxes toward a 38,000
seat retractable roof stadium.
And I'm going to say it again.
38,000 seats to me is ludicrous.
But I'm, hey, I'm all for it because it's in Dave County.
I'm not going to come out against it.
I'm all for it.
Not that I have any power anyway, but I'm just telling you, hey, have a good time.
We got our big soon to be white elephant or brown elephant or whatever you want to call it
and brown.
And of course, you already got the Miami arena sitting there empty as all crap.
Any sports teams planning to Miami arena that I don't know about yet?
Scott.
No.
No.
The funding pledge that you'll come for a vote before County commissioners at their board meeting next Tuesday
is contingent on the Marlon's contributing $137 million in covering any stadium cost overruns,
as long as the deal can be finalized by March 15.
Not that they're putting the bomb is rushed on this, you do understand that.
And bye bye for you.
It's already like, it's already like just about November and by March 15.
The planning visions a $325 million ballpark somewhere in Miami.
Official set of site hasn't been determined somewhere, somewhere, somewhere, you know, maybe here,
maybe over there, maybe down here, to open in 2007.
The construction figure does not include the land.
Doesn't include the land.
Even so, the County and team commitment that up to only 210 million and official set the expect
to final panel include help from the city of Miami and the state.
Obviously that leaves a gap, Pingga Picania said, we don't have answers on how to fill that gap today.
I'll be very honest, this is only the beginning of your first step.
Yeah, you being honest, that's the first time.
County officials praised the Marlins for making such a commitment, which is mainly a pledge of future stadium revenues
and working to come up with the deal that's fear of the team in the community.
Major League Baseball was happy too.
Commissioner Bud Sealick was ecstatic, which of course that should make it nervous right there.
And there's the paragraph again that just makes me want to puke my guts out.
But the plan which officials took pains to ensure was not being announced merely because of the euphoria surrounding the Marlins championship
was already ruffling some who wondered where the rest of the money will come from
and why Pingga Picania felt compelled to announce the deal before all the details,
especially the thorny issue of the ballpark's location have even been worked out.
Nah, small potatoes.
Right.
They weren't talking about it just because they were capitalizing, striking while the Aaron was hot as the old saying go,
no, they wouldn't do that one day.
Yeah, you bet your sweet ass they were.
As again, they try to shove it down your throat and as always happen sooner or later,
in Dave County, they finally buckle under it, say yes.
Even when they have an election, they say they want to say yes because if they vote, no, it means yes and they've got right.
You know, like in the metro rail.
That's the way it is.
I'm going to say it again for the eight minute time, not that anybody there gives a flying crap
because most of the people are already gone.
They're already left or they're dead.
But that metro rail vote was fixed.
There is no question in my mind that that was a bogus vote.
That thing was losing hands down your pants and all of a sudden when those late returns came in from homestead.
They definitely wanted a metro rail since you're anywhere near there.
It doesn't go within 20 miles of homestead.
All those votes come in from way, way down the under and they said, yeah, let's have that metro rail.
So we can get everybody down there to shorties for some good ribs and we can get for some barbecue
and we can get over to highly where nobody wants to go.
That other leg, the industrial park.
Right.
How many people ride the metro rail this week?
Five third man.
There you go.
And they're still paying for it, just like they're still paying for the freaking Miami arena.
So why not have another stadium?
Just have on every street corner, other stadium, another arena.
You know, every time I play that Wayne thing, I was sent this to you before the show this morning.
All these spoiled rich sports owners.
Well, I'm not going to play there anyway because you don't want to do what I want you to.
Like a bunch of petal and little children are their billions of dollars.
Oh man, Wayne, I'd like to take about 40 pounds of cowl manure and just rub your bald spot with it for about an hour.
Probably be an improvement.
26 past 11 at 560 WQM when you see MacRister is advertising a 50% off sale.
Is it a trick or a treat?
Have they inflated a regular price to give a false impression of savings?
Do they just have one piece to sell at the sale price and then once it's gone, try to get you to buy a full price,
whether you'll be an S, Vat and switch?
The Maca's industry is loaded with phony claims and shell games.
That's why you have to talk to the people we know and trust and love, Donald MacRister.
Give them a call, 1-800-Matrus.
No false promises, no bait and switch.
Just discount prices every day and the brand names you know and trust.
Now, including stirons of an Anis Foster.
Honest sales practices and fantastic unbeatable service.
Keep Donald MacRister ranked number one in the world and customer satisfaction.
And you'll agree.
Once you make that call, 1-800-Matrus.
In fact, we're getting the Macrus for a frowl.
Don't talk to us and folks about that.
Would you please?
I will.
Would you get the balls rolling on it?
Because he'd like to get his balls rolling on his new Donald MacRister.
Roll them down.
You pick today and time for delivery any to our Windows 7 days week from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m.
when it's convenient when you're going to be home and guess what?
They actually show up when they're supposed to.
I've been sleeping on a Maca's from these folks for years and my back is probably along with my,
the bottom of my, the palms of my feet are the only good part.
Is that what they call them, the palms of your feet?
Sure.
What? And the balls of my hands.
With low prices, same day delivery, if you set up a mobile, it's easy to see why Donald MacRister's ranked number one in the world,
like I said, in customer satisfaction.
So please do yourself a favor.
Don't get conned.
Don't get sucked in by those phony ads from your mattress, your arms, or furniture stores.
They can't match what you get every day from Donald MacRister.
Pick up that phone right now and call tool free 1-800-MATRUS.
1-800-MATRUS.
Or check them out online at mattress.com.
Buy the local V6-5 city.
The radio is all yours.
Q-M.
Bill Rogers is right the Cubs suck.
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
Yes, it's true we are not friends.
And yet we're touring once again.
Because Paul's solo album's taint.
And there's nothing in art's piggy bank.
That's why they're willing both of us on stage.
Despite our age.
To make the sounds of seniors.
We broke up in the 70s.
And now we're nearly 70.
Our old voice is no longer bland.
And we are both wearing depends.
And we won't have the slightest idea what we've played.
No hearing aids.
To catch the sounds of seniors.
Still lots of rupees come backstage.
But they all smell like vengue.
Most of them got in the show for free.
Thanks to the discounts from ARP.
And when we come back on stage to give you the encore.
We're gonna snore.
We did it!
Because that's the sound of seniors.
And so we're gonna be on lucky.
11.30 to 5.60 W.A.M.
And here's the schedule for today.
We have no mad though.
What is the story with him?
He's on the schedule for tomorrow.
They better not over do that.
There's a good poll question.
Who'd you rather fill in the big O.J.O.
Would you rather bust your rating with a ball of peanut hammer?
He's gonna fill in the gap.
Hank is back from 4 to 6.30 to 7.30.
And then we got 6.30 to 7.30.
Panther preview.
Any interest?
Randy Moller, the team mascot clown.
Who's on Panther preview?
Do we have him?
I don't know.
His jugs on there.
That's right.
You don't pay any attention.
Panthers have to fill in the gap.
He didn't read it.
He can't do the game in June.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
He's got a good score.
I think I'm going to put the God damn leaf game on here as a matter of fact.
This is a pro.
He's interviewing a Dave Ellop for the 45th time.
How you doing Dave?
By the way, it's all over.
Okay, good.
5.6705.60.
I'm still waiting for that number from McGill.
Here's a call from Pompano.
Yes sir.
Leni Bruce.
How many years ago did he die?
How many years ago did he die?
How many years ago did he die?
What's the number of years ago?
What's the number of years ago?
What's the number of years ago?
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
I did that too.
The line is broken again.
has gained rabbinical approval to train pigs to guard Jewish settlements in the West Bank.
And by the way, them settlements are growing like crazy, you know what I'm saying?
I just mentioned that in passing.
Until now, Jewish settlements have been guarded by men with guns and also by guard dogs,
but a new idea, guard pigs, has been thought up by an organization called the Hebrew Battalion.
Oi!
The man in charge, Kutiben Yakov, insists as a serious proposal, pigs sense a smell as
four more developed than that of dogs, he said.
The pigs will also be able to identify weapons from huge distances and walk in the direction
of the terrorists thereby pointing them out.
More over this animal is considered to be dangerous by Islam, and according to the Muslim
faith, the terrorists who touches a pig is not eligible for those 70 virgins in heaven.
Only 30?
Not even that.
Only one or two and that's like an alternate Mondays.
See, you've got to have something with a real sensitive nose because you've got to know
if it's like a real Palestinian or maybe like a Pakistani, or maybe an Indian.
Type of one.
Under Jewish law, the pig is seen as an unclean animal.
So Mr. Ben Yakov, Yakov, has had to seek special approval from rabbis in order to begin
training his hope for a legion of guard pigs.
It's clear that in cases like this, the band that was imposed on raising pigs in land
of Israel doesn't apply, said Daniel Shiloh of the Yesha rabbinical council.
BBC Middle East correspondent James Reynolds says that some settlers have dismissed the
idea, sparrows from this nonsense once settlers spokesman told the BBC, it will never happen.
That's what these spokesmen say.
It will never happen.
Permil pursuits, not just bathroom humor.
Lawrenceville, Georgia.
Few people enjoy bathroom humor as much as Mary Frazier long.
In fact, the 71-year-old retired school teacher often gets phone calls from strangers,
looking to share a few dirty jokes of their own.
That's because Long has spent almost 20 years collecting photo stories, jokes, and interesting
information about outhouses, which are fast becoming a thing of the past.
She ought to head for Hellenburg, you know what?
Probably find Sonny Rosenberg propped in and have one right there on Hellenburg Beach
Boulevard.
Enjoy that gang.
The first thing people tear down when they're moving up is the privy.
By the 1980s, there were a few left in Gwyneth County, she said.
In 1984, a long-distance, a long-distance, published a book called Old Georgia Pribies.
I don't even, I don't even, I don't even even heard that word, did you?
Of course.
Are you privy to that information?
Certainly.
Old Georgia Pribies with photos of Georgian outhouses accompanied by pertinent poems and
sayings.
When she retired a decade later, the Lawrenceville resident began lecturing around the state
to civic clubs and church groups.
She donated fees from her talk titled, Previal Pursuits and Profits from Bookshelves'
Scholarship Funds.
She's also documented presidential privies, historic privies, ancient privies, and European
privies.
At a German castle, she learned that the outhouse opened out of a moat below, making
moats more dangerous than we ever thought she said.
Long since she's learned more about outhouses than she ever wanted to know, offers this sage
advice, don't ever cite your privy under an apple tree because all those apples dropping
on you will break your concentration.
Oh, man, if he eat a couple of me, I'll probably break a lot of wind, too.
Very gaseous.
Here's the facts.
Oh, look at this Miguel finally getting with it.
By the time you idiot brought him here, they must have worked him over.
He was all red-faced.
The reen probably worked him over.
Man, if she won't stop pauna, why does he file a sex discrimination suit against that
nasty bitch?
And by the way, she did PD Lenny, I still can't believe that.
I'm trying to envision it.
Talk about a wooden old oak tree.
He's like a redwood tree, you know?
Just a little bit.
Is it any?
Like a lobster.
Like the red lobster.
See him get his claws on the reen the queen.
Lobster claws.
36,535.
That's not too bad.
We're making some progress.
A nice van hit for our best of meal.
Merchandise for a van and pay rescue.
It'll be 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. tomorrow at Ding and Dent Solutions.
Ding, do you know what you mean?
Ding about them.
Look at them.
The southwest corner of Lijoon and US one.
That's definitely his audience.
And although he made a typo to the southeast corner, come to find out.
I see.
Fissing.
Okay, I just the southeast corner of Lijoon.
I'm going to have to send Boca-Brind to get his car fixed after the car wash guy's
banged it up.
Did he really?
What's car wash guy?
R is here at the station.
Really?
Then dark and collected car wash guys.
The ones and only.
Sounds like a racial thing to me.
They were waiting.
Here's a schedule for the rest of the week.
And here's just 36,535.
So we'll be close to 40.
I would think by the end of the month.
The end of the month is like three days, two days away.
You know what I mean?
Like two the weekend.
We'll be creeping toward the 40,000.
So we'll only see three dogs this year.
Yeah.
And where's the checks from all my good compatriots there in the building?
No, you see your laugh and I don't find them using it all.
What are you going to do?
Because we got some people there.
We got Farrell making some big bucks.
Where's his check?
Mo, you even Mo.
Not that he's going to give us any more cash, but at least he already made his contribution.
That's right.
He made his contribution.
I understand it smelled like crap.
All the crap you can unwrap.
Okay, calm down.
But we got the Mo Howard David Keychain.
So he's done his part.
Scott for well, nothing, mad dog, nothing, the Humper, nothing, which really shocks the
whole out of me.
Eddie K. Nothing so far.
Which every year Eddie K. was just a great guy.
Has always had to sell nothing.
Joanne Mark, they can't afford it, but Joanne's a parents coctop, a nice check, right?
Right.
So what more could you want?
Except maybe some of these people Ray Perry came through with a check and Adam and
sales.
How about that boy?
He come up with a check?
No.
How about Todd Dreck?
No.
Nothing.
How about Lou Ann?
She could give us a piece of that he advanced.
She got from the book.
She gives everybody also peace and an advance fake police used in Bush visit.
Public servants were deliberately dressed up as police officers to bolster numbers during
the visit to Canberra.
President George W. Bush has been revealed.
As F.A. 18 hornets in helicopters buzzed overhead, bureaucrat switched roles to be part of
the nation's biggest security blints armed with nothing more than pens and water bottles.
In a major embarrassment for authorities, it's been revealed almost one in nine of the
police decided to protect the world's most powerful man-laced week.
Actually, it was a civilian.
They were deployed at various places, including the Lodge, U.S. Embassy in Parliament House,
the acting deputy chief police officer, Commander Mandy Newton, yesterday admitted 46 unswore
members of the Australian Federal Police were on duty during the 21 hour visit.
That's okay.
Everything turned out okay.
5670560.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Chris Watch 72, George Carl and 71.
They're like heads and shoulders of everybody else.
Robert Williams 35, Mike Myers 15, Jim Carey 15, Lesley Nielsen, only 13, shame on you.
John Cleese 6, Dave Chappelle 4, Philly Crystal 2, Danny Carvey 2, Dennis Liri 1, Al Albert Brooks
1, Margaret Chosevod 1, 0 for Gilbert Godfrey, and the Zervily so.
David Crossnun and Andrew Dice Clay.
None.
He's 100 years old.
And if you heard those spots, believe you may, 150 easy.
Here's a call from Plantation.
Hello.
Paul and I need you.
Okay, great.
I'm real excited about it.
Scrum.
5670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Four Lauderdale.
Hello.
Carrot Top and Howie Mandel.
Okay, great.
That was on the last wish, Mike.
56705605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605605
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
N
123
60 pound five sixty-five the 80 and Verizon wireless line here's Hollywood hello
Here's a call from Bokeh. Hello
Yes, sir
Conway now we're not gonna forget about it
Dean Conway
How about Conway 20 and don't forget
It's only make believe in case you haven't already figured that out
Here's the final totals on this comedian pull which I apologize to myself for doing this
246 votes pretty lame, but why not
What's current comedian you think is the funniest Chris rock 74 George Collins 72
Robin Williams 37 Mike Myers 16 Jim carry 15 less than yielson 13 everybody else real small tiny taters
What do they call as little tiny taters? Oh, I don't start
1156 and 560 W.D. Creme speaking of something good to eat and pop in your post. How about trying vickin herbs now back when I was a kid about a hundred years ago in Rochester
We had places called Don and Bob's and vickin herbs and there was the other one
Nick Tahoe's places like that and everybody loved them because everything was fresh and delicious
And they had all kinds of special ingredients that they used in them
Vickin herbs has been around since way back in 1934 and the one in South Florida now
Good news for you is right on federal highway south of our bull ride on the tunnel on the east side
Vickin herbs is a flashback in time to what great restaurants used to be before is these prefabricated fast food joints
Go and enjoy a burger hot dog serve hot fresh and fast and a good news for you is that vickin herbs in South Florida
Is being brought to you by the same folks who bring you another place you love cheaper
G.B.R.
G.B.
G.B.
G.B.
G.B.
And they use the same fresh 100% ground chuck meat as cheaper G.B.
G.B.
G.B.
G.B.
What makes vickin herbs different from anybody else is that all their burgers and dogs are served with Vick's signature meat sauce poured on top
Giving you an amazing combination of flavors in your mouth. It will be doing like a little dance
Alhora in your puss
If you want something else try the great breakfast menu
I'm let's cook the order french toast pancakes all your favorite side dishes
If you want a really great fresh meal
This is the place vickin herbs and understand why they were so popular in Rochester and everywhere else too
Vickin herbs on federal highway just south of our bull ride on the tunnel on the east side
And be sure and tell them that all the O'rodgers sent you by
my
This is 99
Ivan
I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie
up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'll tie up, I'm
I blow em!!!!!!!! Or I would uncover my cod эO wØw app omga
It blew em all into a
blow up on aboard
blow up on aboard
y today
I'm so fan-fired.
We won the World Series.
From 0.2 at 5.60, he was like a little slow-sand, but he spit it out, which I guess
he probably does a lot.
Box cutter found an airplane at Logan Airport, stayed in Federal Enforcement Officials Investigating
Discovery of a Box cutter found aboard a US Airways Commuter plane that arrived at Logan
Airport in Boston from Rockland, Maine yesterday.
TSA spokeswoman Ann Davis said the Box cutter was found by the flight crew during a routine
sweep of the twin engine turbo prop plane.
Security at the airport was never breached, said mass-port spokesman Philip Orlandella
Ann.
A Box cutter was found yesterday aboard a US Airways flight 177, as it prepared to lethal
Tidal P International Airport for a penis Arizona.
A spokesman for the TSA told CNN.
The blade was found by a passenger in the seat pocket in front of him a few minutes
before the flight was to leave for penis.
He notified the flight crew and all passengers on the plane were moved off the aircraft and
re-screened.
They all were re-booked on a flight later Tuesday night.
The flight had come from Houston, Texas, past through Charlotte, North Carolina, originated
in Richmond, Virginia, just any morning.
There you go, a partner in a pair of three.
More Box Cutters all the time.
Okay, the new pole is up.
Who should pay for a new stadium for the Marlins?
New pole is up 15 votes.
Only the team owner is five.
No stadium, no way Josef five.
The suckers in day four, only people who don't speak English won, only the people who go
to their games none.
Did I leave something out of there?
No, you got to cover it.
I think we have a cover for a disease.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon Line.
Here's Miami, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
It's regarding the stadium.
Yes, it's a question I have.
Can they go over the people or do they have to take it to a vote if public money is used,
if tax money is used?
That's a good question.
I think they can do whatever they want because they can appropriate the, I believe I
could be wrong, but I think because it's already hotel and bed tax, bed bed and tourist
tax that they're using and going to divert it.
Yeah, because what they did with the American Airlines arena, they really fooled everybody
on that.
Yeah, that was another election.
If you're against the vote, yes, and if you're for it vote no, and they always do the
same thing just to make sure they can subvert the world of the public.
And then if they don't get the result, they want they fix it anyway.
Right.
Okay, so then we should expect an stadium, huh?
I would, I would, this thing has been pushed through along you go, believe you may, just
like the war in Iraq, it's already a pre, it was a predetermined thing.
Right.
All right, thank you.
Good luck, yes, sir.
I live in Broward.
I mean, they have these closed door meetings, government in the pitch darkness.
And that's the way things work.
I think maybe the mayor's ought to pay for it.
Many D as in maybe a bikini and Rale Martin is let them pay for the goddamn stadium.
How do you like that?
Let all the crooked politicians, they're going to get enough graph.
Anyway, they should be able to build you one hell of a stadium.
Forget about 38,000 seats.
How about turning around?
How about 83,000 seats?
You have a new stadium for the Huracans, huh?
See what I'm saying?
Makes sense to me.
Let them pay for it.
All those greedy bastards, all those crooks.
That's what you got in Dave County, man.
Running that county, a bunch of crooks.
You've got the no-speakity in Glace Mafia running Dave County, make no mistake about it.
And if you don't believe me, talk to any of the people who's ever tried to get anything
going out of the airport.
Oh, remember that one guy?
Sure.
We're practically going to kill him, sir.
I don't know.
Or something.
Didn't grease the right palms, man.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T.
You know, the hero does this big expoze about all the old cost overruns in the graph to
the all the crap of the airport.
And then that's the end of it.
That's it.
Not one.
Anybody go to jail for it?
No.
Anybody get like impeached, recalled?
No.
No.
No.
No.
I don't know.
I don't want to touch it.
It's cold cut.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Gil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I've got the abandoned pitch rescue thing.
Is that still going on?
Yeah.
Can I just come already take you to the police and continue?
What is he doing?
It wasn't a flood that we don't know about.
Everyone's underwater.
Oh, I see.
Going it back to the earth.
All right.
Just calm down, Arnold.
I couldn't understand what he was saying.
Call us on a real phone.
Okay.
Maybe we can do something for it.
Why doesn't he call a band and pay rescue?
Right?
You heard more than I did, obviously.
No, but seriously, these people that you're talking about, why do they call them?
What are they hucking with me?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
36,535.
That makes me want to cry.
But again, you know, it's a tough year for charity.
Nobody's got two nickels to rub together.
How's the market doing?
I think it's not doing too bad that after the big day yesterday, after this big flooding
road.
Yeah, but it's like almost even Steven.
The Dow is down 2.67 and then has decks up down 6.11.
Small potatoes meaningless as they continue with this phony baloney.
And in the meantime, everybody's in a panic about where's the next job going to come from
and where the next 50 seconds to come from.
Like Scott, he don't know.
He hasn't got an idea.
That's right.
Here's the call from Kendall.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing?
Okay.
For five months, long time listener.
Sure.
Listen.
You still doing the poll of the convenience?
No.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
I'm still doing pretty good, just like I told the last guy.
Great.
I got a question for you about the stadium.
Why?
Yeah, if the owner is like every other big business, go to a bank and take out a loan with
the stadium.
People loan later on down the line.
You mean like Joe Robbie did to build PPP Park?
Get out, perhaps.
Ask them.
Ask David Samson.
They said, begging us for the money.
I mean, do it like every other business.
Because they get the rest of that money taken out from the bank and a fair for it.
If you want to, if you want to open up a restaurant, you don't go to the public and
it hold a press conference to say, we'd like to build you the greatest steakhouse in
history, mankind.
But we want you to pay for it to build it.
Exactly.
Maybe you guys need to just wake up and realize it's not the people just doing like every
big business.
So I take out a loan because you know what?
They'll pay it off over time.
Amen.
Thank you, sir.
Or not as a case, maybe.
They don't, I mean, why the hell should they take the chance?
You know, Jeffrey Luria, by the way, has got a very checkered pass to people in Montreal
hate him like poison.
And there still are like some minority fingers in the pot in the Jeffrey Luria's background
from Montreal.
But don't forget.
We did it.
Yeah.
But they'll, you watch.
They'll get suckered in and the media will code conspired just like Mike Mayo.
Mike, you ought to hang your head and shame that article this morning was pathetic.
I mean, there's nothing wrong with being excited and enthusiastic and covering a little
bit of that.
But also, let's keep it perspective.
Don't just say, oh, well, we'll talk about the other things down the road when they're
trying to ram around and down the public's throat right now while they iron his hot.
And the people in Miami Beach, the public, isn't so where they're forming at the mouth because
says the announcement yesterday was driven by December 1st deadline, which requires that
if county hotel vet taxes were not pledged with stadium by that date, the county would
need to pay Miami Beach $50 million of those taxes.
Upgrade the city's convention center, which is his city's election day.
This is not the best use of this money.
He said it should be going to a convention center.
So what they're going to do is rob Peter to pay Paul.
The city of Miami and state's rules have yet to be defined, although it's thought that
Miami will be responsible for securing the land among locations being considered of
the old Miami arena.
Oh, that's a good one.
That'd be a great location.
Chef 30,000 people, wouldn't it?
But land needed around the site could be costly to acquire.
Well, they could always buy up Camilla's house.
And the far less desirable city on land next to the orange bowl build it and they won't
come.
You mark my words, man.
If they really believe that people from Palm Beach County and Central North Broward
are going to come down to the orange bowl, they are dreaming for your average pedestrian
earlier midseason kind of meaningless game.
No chance in your pants.
None zeros it.
But he do the job.
Tell you right now.
And if they really believe the people in Dave County, all those people who were out there
carrying on yesterday, Los Capillones del mundo, all that crap.
I'll put you in with your ass.
If they think that they're going to be showing up there for your regular season games,
and like subsidizing and supporting any more than they ever did before, guess what?
But like I said, go for it.
Have a good time.
Fleece the public again, man, because in software, the public loves being raped at it.
That's why Mo, I don't know what he's so indignant about.
People in software love just dropping him drawers and bending right over.
Spreading their cheek.
Back them.
Fifty seven votes who should pay for a new state in Freedom Orleans.
Only the team owners, 24, no stadium, no way Jose, 13, the suckers in day 10, only people
who don't speak English, nine.
And only the people who go to the games won.
Seriously, if I wanted to open up any kind of a commercial enterprise, since it is private
enterprise, I want to open up a newspaper.
It's a lot of open up a restaurant.
I want up a bowling alley.
And I held a press conference and I said, well, you know, it's going to cost a lot of
money and we need your help.
It's going to be a great facility and good for the community.
And then of course we got assholes like Mo, how are David and going on?
Oh, well, you don't want to be in a community without baseball.
See, Johnny come lately.
Guess what?
Some of us have been in software.
Along before it was evident in Marlins or Panthers, and you know what?
Everything was just fine.
It was the same banana boat joint that it is now.
Only things were even a little bit better, quite then.
Yeah, but without baseball, we won't be blessed.
Oh, that's right.
Twelve minutes passed.
In fact, why don't they just call up the Vatican?
Maybe the Pope can make some kind of a specialty, huh?
Maybe we can have another Vatican banking scandal.
Let's call up our friends at Emobolari.
Yeah.
What's wrong with that, huh?
Mama, mama me.
From a let's pass known as 560 WQM.
One of the, by the way, George was telling me before the show that while I was on vacation,
of course, it wouldn't make any difference because I'm not there most of the time.
Anyway, thank God.
But during my vacation, Gold Coast Seafood Grill brought in some food, some lunch.
Yes, they did.
And said that it was not good.
It was sensational.
It was unbelievably good.
So it continues like I said, to be a secret unless you find out about it from us and you
go there and enjoy it yourself, which I hope you will.
The Gold Coast Seafood Grill just celebrated their one year anniversary and got three and
a half stars from the mighty picky Sun Sentinel Showtime dining review.
The Gold Coast Seafood Grill's got all kinds of great stuff like mango, plum, salmon,
almond-crusted mahi-mahi, orange honey glazed sea bass, and crab and shrimp stuffed trout.
There's an incredible bar atmosphere inside the joint with extensive wine and martini
list.
Big humongous martinis during happy hour only five and a half bucks from four to seven
p.m. every day, seven days a week.
The Gold Coast Seafood Grill, your fight it in Coral Springs, 2752 North University
drive inside the beautiful walk shopping center called 954-255 Fish for reservations
and more information.
You can dive inside or outside and large parties and private functions are always welcome
too.
So why not experience the best kept secret lunch and dinner dining, which George said
was so good it was almost obscene.
The Gold Coast Seafood Grill in Coral Springs at 2752 North University drive inside the
walk shopping center.
The Gold Coast Seafood Grill where you'll always find great, unbeatable seafood at great
prices.
Ride and local, we're sports radio five sixties, you a few a.m.
Get a life.
And days from walking down the aisle, something inside your stand-o.
Then you try to jump and jump and you see I'm into it's Bentley and say, I need
a slow-on J-O.
Well, don't find yourself another stroll.
They said, I do the fun.
Welcome.
And she went off and walked, and stayed at the end as it drove away because they wouldn't
ever wait for me.
He grabbed us light to beg us, and hit all the strip gloves.
When girls were coming, his family was given metal, that's it.
He was hotter than a freaking goat.
They said, bye to the box.
And she, well, I've been lost.
A screaming, and a yelling, that she drove away because they wouldn't ever wait for me.
From the time they made it, and jerseys the end, she had no idea it would rip home.
Well, I'm a Santa cheerleader, couple was touching really, but the whole mess was a big damn
bomb.
They don't have to go, you smash that call.
Ben said, bye to the bus.
Welcome.
I'm a little bit concerned.
Who should pay for new stadium for the Marlins?
And you know something I did leave for the Marlins.
I'm not sure if you're going to pay for the Marlins.
I'm not sure if you're going to pay for the Marlins.
I'm not sure if you're going to pay for the Marlins.
I'm not sure if you're going to pay for the Marlins.
I'm not sure if you're going to pay for the Marlins.
I'm not sure if you're going to pay for the Marlins.
I'm not sure if you're going to pay for the Marlins.
I'm not sure if you're going to pay for the Marlins.
I'm not sure if you're going to pay for the Marlins.
I'm not sure if you're going to pay for the Marlins.
I'm not sure if you're going to pay for the Marlins.
I'm not sure if you're going to pay for the Marlins.
I'm not sure if you're going to pay for the Marlins.
I'm not sure if you're going to pay for the Marlins.
I'm not sure if you're going to pay for the Marlins.
I'm not sure if you're going to pay for the Marlins.
I'm not sure if you're going to pay for the Marlins.
I'm not sure if you're going to pay for the Marlins.
I'm not sure if you're going to pay for the Marlins.
I'm not sure if you're going to pay for the Marlins.
I'm not sure if you're going to pay for the Marlins.
I'm not sure if you're going to pay for the Marlins.
Out of the 101, the suckers in day 21, that's fine with me.
No stadium, no way, Jose 18, only people who don't speak English 14,
and only people who go to the games three.
But we've got to get the taxpayers on there, okay?
Because that's what they want.
I mean, they'll put up some.
And of course, what they're putting up is not out of pocket.
That's coming from if come, you know, revenues in the future,
from future revenues.
Five, six, seven, oh, five.
I'm telling, I love that, doing that business that way, don't you?
Absolutely.
Yeah, build me a restaurant, and I'm going to pay you back the 50 million
that you're going to cost and build in the three million.
Out of future profits.
It'll be good for the economy.
I'll be providing jobs.
Right, and the food is going to be delicious.
Yes.
And what's not to like?
We'll have a pretty façade on the front of the food.
Right, it's going to be spruce up the hood.
Sure.
What the hell is not to like?
Free parking?
No.
Oh, sorry.
Here's a call, 20 bucks.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, what's up?
Yes, sir.
I just figured how they're going to do it, and it's so smore me
is not even funny, Neil.
Yeah.
What they're going to do, the only reason they need a vote is bond issue or raising taxes.
They're going to find a service that they know the voters would approve a bond issue for.
Take money out of that, build the stadium, then when they don't have enough money for that service,
they're going to go to the public and say, hey, we need a bond issue to get kids school books.
Now, they're never going to get that.
They don't care about whether they have kids school books.
Don't you understand?
Nobody cares about that in Dave County.
No, but for example, they're just used something as an excuse saying, hey,
we don't have the money for this service, we need to vote on a bond issue.
And of course, everybody's going to say, yes, to give the cops more money or put more cops on the street.
And they're going to use that money to build the stadium.
I mean, they're going to rob Peter to pay for it.
So, it's going to be on the first block.
And I'm going to put it in the arms bowl.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, that was good.
I like that we should have put that on tape and said it to Mayor Pingham Picany.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
He's laughing now, but probably going to be crying in come 2007 when he sees his tax bill.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a year.
I say, let's just get all the millionaires and billionaires and build them all whatever they want.
A stadium and arena and outhouse, what would they like?
Come on.
See, American FNW, let's go.
Don't be asking any questions.
Now, it's just like all this business in Iraq.
Don't be by 87 million here.
Don't be worried about this stuff.
It's worth it.
Don't worry about the fact that the guy that they have infrastructure is going to hell on a hand basket.
And the fact that there really isn't any guy that they have homeland security.
Don't be concerned about these things.
Don't be concerned that we have in Fowler, Osama, Yamama or Mullah Bula.
Or any of these people are certainly not Sodom and Gamora.
It is comforting to know that at least David Samson did find the Laila.
We did it!
Huh?
Isn't that great?
We did it!
Oh my God.
Harvey Firestein lives.
5, 6, 7, 0, don't let me forget my Michael Morstow.
Don't.
I'm Sabinan.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hey, hello.
Yes, sir. Hello.
Hey, why do you care if they build a stadium?
You live.
I don't.
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
That's the same guy.
Why do you care?
Always starts with the same crap.
Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Dead Nail.
Yes, sir.
Is there a legitimate reason for going to the stadium?
Economics, structures on safe height?
And there it looked pretty good to me.
Is it interfering with football?
No, no.
No, that's not the problem that all of the owners have had.
Or at least the other two owners, John Henry and these people.
The problem is that Wayne has got the, he owns the stadium.
And they don't get a dime from concessions or from the sweets.
So anybody who owns the team can't make any money going in there.
But of course they knew that going in.
See, this is something anybody who buys the team they already knew they had that deal with Wayne going in.
Okay.
So in other words, if you buy an establishment and any kind of a retail business for example,
and you know that because of the concession, because of whatever the deal is,
you can't possibly make a profit no matter what happens.
Then you know what it is?
That means you made a bad deal.
Okay, man.
I appreciate the straight answer, man.
Okay.
You bet.
Straight answer from a not so straight guy.
Well, that's just the way it is.
That's the way it is.
They can't make a profit in P.P. Park.
It's never going to happen under any circumstances.
And you know what?
Too bad.
So the question boils down to this.
And of course all of this no matter the lies from these assholes.
And the fact that the people in the Sun sent a lie sheet put that in there with a straight push.
Come on.
If I, I don't think they were probably holding their nose when they wrote it.
About the timing, they want to make sure that the public doesn't think the timing had anything to do with capitalizing on the euphoria.
And all these parades and all these things.
Of course.
Right.
We all believe that.
You're paranoid.
I mean, come on.
Where there is it?
What I do with that story.
Here it is.
The plan which officials took pains to ensure was not being announced merely because of the euphoria surrounding the Marlins' Championship.
Right.
And I got 75,000 acres of phenomenal land in the Everglades that I'll sell to you for like a dollar or a holler.
How do you like that?
Kind of bull crap, man.
When are you people going to finally wake up and sniff the daffodils?
And like that asshole, the one who always says, why do you care about this?
Well, I'll tell you why I care.
Because I'm sick and damn tired of watching the rape of the public there.
But from a personal standpoint, I don't give a crap.
If the public in Dave County is that stupid that they want to go and vote for it if it comes on a referendum.
Or they want to sit back and do nothing and be raped and it again.
Fine.
Maybe they like the way it feels.
Okay.
Maybe it tickles their uv-love.
They stick it in there deep enough.
Right.
26 past noon at 560.
Although I don't know how we can do that.
That thing of pecania.
Hey, if you're underpaid and overworked, you like a new high-paying career,
but don't have four years to waste on college.
If this sounds like you, well, here's the solution for you.
Everybody likes a good solution.
Gorgeous.
Pick up the phone and call our friends at Fast Train.
Tool free at 1-866-Fast Train.
Fast Train can have you trained and certified for a high-paying computer network professional career.
Or a high-paying medical computer specialist career.
It is little ass for months.
That is correct.
You can be fully trained and ready for a new career in as little ass for months.
Fast Train offers you day, evening, weekend classes, job placement,
assistance, and financially, the people that qualify too.
So what are you waiting for?
They got six convenient locations in Florida, including four friends, South Florida,
Delta Service.
So there's about to be one nearby you.
Change your life.
Get yourself out of that dead end job and get you a real career with some real training.
That will be, take no time at all.
It'll be a snap.
Call Fast Train.
Check them out on the webpress at Fast Train.com.
And then call them Tool free and please be sure and tell them the Todd Direct.
That's D-R-E-C-K.
Todd Direct, order to call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
My life and locals.
This is Sports Radio 560.
You weigh you weigh.
David's a bitch.
Hey, David's a bitch.
Hey, David's a bitch.
Hey, David's a bitch.
Hey, David's a bitch.
Hey, David's a bitch.
Hey, David's a bitch.
Hey, David's a bitch.
Hey, David's a bitch.
Hey, David's a bitch.
Hey, David's a bitch.
Hey, David's a bitch.
Hey, David's a bitch.
Hey, David's a bitch.
Hey, David's a bitch.
Racka, we win.
Everybody go to Santa Claus' Whist.
Woohoo!
Go to the Racka' Whist.
Yeah, I have to next that short.
It's really good to have a dance with me and do some work.
In the whole world I know all of.
We three flipped in size.
We weave, flies with all of round.
For the pretty sleeves in the Racka' Whist.
Racka' Whist.
From 32 at 560 WDQM Happy Wednesday 2.
Here's a lady in homestead.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Pretty good. How you doing?
OK, I'm just calling to tell you I am again building them a stadium.
I'm a baseball. I look at the Marlins.
They want a stadium.
They can build it themselves.
And as far as keeping this team together,
Pudge is kind of moving into his midlife for a catcher.
He stays a couple more years and he won't be where Jack.
I think maybe we ought to send Pudge Packin.
Just call me a Pudge Packer.
Yeah.
Bye bye, baby.
OK, have you been Pudge Packin?
All right.
And of course, we're going to ask that size.
Well, 136 votes who should pay for new stadium for the Marlins only the team owner is 59.
No stadium, no way, who's a 27.
The suckers in day 25.
You see that first one there, how can you argue with that?
In other words, if they want to come up with a cash or work out some kind of a deal,
see the reason that they can't make any money from the suites in the P.B. Park
is that all the revenue from there has got to go to what paying off the debt on the service on the debt
from when Joe Robbie built a stadium.
Right.
So that's forget about that.
Anyway, only the team owner 62, no stadium, no way, who's a 27.
The suckers in day 25.
How do you like that?
Only people that don't speak English 21.
Only the people who go to the games for and the taxpayers did go on here now.
It's got three votes so far.
All right, Michael Moore, dude, where's my country of book that everyone should be forced to read?
Hey, don't forget.
Oh, okay.
Should I read some of my couple of pages?
Well, I don't care if anybody don't like my reading because I like it.
Me too.
He's got one part in here where he's comparing all the lies that the public is told.
He compares them to like Burger King, a Wapper combo with extra lettuce, each Wapper hold the mayo, et cetera.
Number nine, double Wapper, which he's in a Coke.
The American media has brought you the truth about Iraq.
If you're going to sell a mess of Woppers, you need a good advertising campaign.
Corporations pay big money for that kind of marketing.
But the Bush administration didn't have to spend a dime when they supposedly liberal media joined forces
with the old and the White House field office at Fox News to create a well-oraled pro-war propaganda offensive that was almost impossible to avoid.
And it worked.
Even vegetarians were gobbling down those Woppers accompanied by around the clock patriotic march to war music and flag inspired graphics on these several excuses for news channels.
The images were relentless.
Tearful farewells from proud families as brave soldiers headed overseas, heroic American girls rescued by daring American guys, smart bombs doing their brilliantly destructive work, grateful Iraqis topping the Sodom statue, a United America steady by our resolute and German leader.
Then it was the footage being directly to us from the Harsher-Maki Desert where reporters embedded with the ground troops were given great leeway to report without interference from the Pentagon as we were supposed to believe.
The result, lots of close up and personal stories about the hardships and dangers faced by our military and virtually nothing examining why we had sent these fine young people into harm's way.
And there was even less said about what was happening to the people of Iraq.
So unless you ignored US News entirely and only watched the BBC or CBC or Les Gernes from France with its convenient English subtitles for an American audience too lazy and poorly educated to learn another language, you could pretty quickly find yourself believing that all the sacrifice was for a valid cause.
And just what exactly was the reason for the war with Iraq? We were so thoroughly whopperized that pull showed that half of all Americans wrongly thought that Iraqis were on the September 11th planes and at one point nearly half believed that the US had found weapons of mass destruction in Iraq when no such discovery had been made.
One quarter of those surveyed thought that Sodom had unleashed a chemical or biological attack against coalition forces which also never happened.
The widespread misconceptions were understandable. It was almost impossible to hear the perspective of anyone who questioned or opposed the Bush administration's rationale for rushing to war on American television.
The media watchdog group FAIR studied the evening newscast of six US TV networks and news channels for three weeks starting on March 20, 2003, the day after the US bombing of Iraq began.
The study examined the affiliations and views of more than 1,600 sources who appeared on camera in stories about Iraq. The results were hardly a surprise.
Viewers were 25 times more likely to see a pro-war US source than someone with an anti-war point of view. Military sources were featured twice as strictly as civilians. Only 4% of sources appearing during the three weeks were affiliated with universities think tanks or non-governmental organizations.
A total of 840 US sources who were current or former government or military officials only 4% identified as opposing the war.
The few appearances by people with anti-war viewpoints were consistent limited to one sentence sound bites usually from unidentified participants in on the street interviews.
Now the single one of these six telecast study conducted a sit down interview with anyone who opposed the war.
In some cases journalists freely confessed to a startling lack of objectivity. The FAIR study quoted CBS News Anchor Dan Rather during an appearance with Larry King on CNN.
Look I'm an American I never tried to kid anybody that on some internationalist do something and when my country is at war I want my country to win whatever the definition of win may be. Now I can't and don't argue that that is coverage without a prejudice about that I'm prejudiced.
During the three weeks study period FAIR found that only one anti-war sound bite on rather CBS evening news appeared. It was made by me if the Academy Awards has Michael Moore talking about the fictitious war wage by a fictitious president.
Over at Fox News Neil Cavotto had this to say on air in response to a critic there's nothing wrong with taking sides here you see no difference between a government that oppresses people and one that does not but I do.
MSNBC demonstrated its patriotism with America's bravest a billboard of photographs of military personnel fighting in the war sent for display by their friends and families and Brian Williams of NBC and MSNBC said this about the killing of Iraqi civilians.
Civilians used to be intentional military targets the fire bombings of resident Tokyo and W.W.2 were meant to kill civilians and then terrorized survivors here we've seen the opposite happen.
The Army recently signed the $470 million contract with Microsoft which is co-owner of MSNBC along with NBC NBC NBC is intern owned by General Electric one of the nation's largest defense contractors GE's military aircraft engine contracts run into billions but the first study found that NBC actually featured more descending viewpoints about the war.
The Army is a war of about a whopping 1% more than any other US network and can I read one more page could you please yes later on in the book he says it might be good he's got a list of reasons here what we ought to be doing how to stop terrorism he says stopping terrorists.
Number six it might be good to find out why hundreds of millions of people on three continents stretching from Morocco on the Atlantic to the Philippines in the Pacific are so pissed off about Israel.
Now I'm not just talking about your everyday run of the Mill anti-Semites you can find them on all seven continents including Antarctica.
Now I'm talking about a perceived notion that we Americans are supporting Israel in oppression of the Palestinian people now where did those Arabs come up with an idea like that.
Maybe it was when the Palestinian child look up in the air and saw an American Apache helicopter firing a missile into his baby sister's bedroom just before she was blown into a hundred bits touchy touchy.
Some people get upset over the pickiest things is that any reason to dance in the streets when the world trade center falls to the ground.
Of course many Israeli children have died too at the hands of the Palestinians you would think they would make every Israeli want to wipe out the Arab world but the average Israeli doesn't have that response why because in their hearts they know they're wrong they know that they would be doing just what the Palestinians are doing if the sandal were on the other foot.
Hey here's a way to stop the suicide bombings give the Palestinians a bunch of missile firing Apache helicopters and let them in the Israelis go at each other head to head.
Four billion dollars a year to Israel four billion year to the Palestinians they can just blow each other up and leave the rest of us to hell alone.
How do you like that?
That's Michael Moore. That's my man to present right there.
Michael Moore's got the balls to tell all like it is and of course the media's got it.
Oh gee can you believe he said that and can you believe it? Got the balls to be saying this and all of these things.
I'm going to watch your bowling for Kanaban again just as a refresher court.
My and local. This is for real.
I didn't do the live spot my bad.
Dixie kept saying going to the chapel Elvis saying you saw me crying in the chapel. Hey Glenn get a life sweetheart.
How do you like that? Talk about those pickers and nitpickers. My apologies I almost missed our spot there on a break.
I was so hooked up to a friend's you would my Michael Moore book. You know Halloween is this Friday.
If you really want to treat somebody do something fun and different and send a handmade Vermont teddy bear.
Just call 1-800-829 bear and a friendly bear counselor will have to pick from over 100 bears like the bear bones wearing a glow in the dark skeleton costume or the new Franken bear.
Is that on Al Franken?
The Vermont teddy bear company is hand-cranced bears for every occasion like the birthday suit bear the feel better bear the new baby bears with the baby's name and birthday on the bib.
If he bears personalized just for your loved one and delivered in a colorful gift box with a free card and chocolate.
So it's that a setting flower set a beautiful Vermont teddy bear which will be enjoyed forever overnight and Saturday delivery is guaranteed.
Call 1-800-829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com. That's 1-800-829 B-E-A-R and be sure and tell them please please that old Neil to or did he call.
So we missed the bid on that break for what to miss and make we got the big one to two hour coming up right.
It's right. Hold much a bit.
At least plus it gives us a chance to take so many more of these stellar calls today. W-D-Q-A-M. Hello.
Yes sir.
Yeah I was thinking of one of the best people who could put up a stadium about the Catholic Church.
The reason being first of all to be tax deductible they got certainly got the money.
Jack McKean goes to church all the time the guys are always crossing themselves.
That's a good point that's excellent.
And when the Marlins aren't playing they can hold funerals and masses and whatever else they do.
And the chief usher could be Chester the molester.
Okay excellent idea pal although I think I did say the Vatican and I said it before.
Yeah it was.
Right. 56670560 with some of those tax-free dollars those billions and billions of course a lot of them tax-free dollars are disappearing because they have to keep paying off all them lawsuits from all of them poor abuse of the children.
56670560.560.
I mean you know we can talk and have a good time but it's not going to change anything they're going to jam it through.
They're going to shove it right down your throat whether you want it or not.
Who should pay for a new stadium for the Marlins? 176 votes only the team-owner is 80.
No stadium, no way Jose 35.
The suckers in day 28 only people who don't speak English 23.
The tax payer is 6 already.
And only the people who go to the games for now let's see 6 already voted for the taxpayers.
One of them must have been mayor Penga Picany right?
Oh I'm sure one of them had to be we won the world series silly David Samson.
One of them was Jeffrey Luria so that's three one was probably mo because he's sucking both their ass late.
So that's four who else?
Probably Michael Mayo five because he's in Broward anyway.
Do we know anybody else who might have voted number six?
QA staff somebody on the staff probably Dave Ann boring because he still wants to gig you know he's trying to get a job any place else.
No chance no way Jose Dave Ann boring and embarrassing job a humiliating degrading job for a world champion team Los Coppillones del Mundo.
Shame on you shame on us for putting you on a year shame on a Marlin.
I don't think we hired the announcer doing no.
No we don't that's a team thing the team hire is their own individual.
No it's just like just like the dolphins with you know who absolutely here's West Palm Beach hello.
Hey how you doing pretty good sir I hate to be a bat boy in that Catholic stadium you know that would be one horrible thing.
I want to thank George for looking me up with my bed and I want to give you a recommendation and bring a little fact to you.
29 days the movie you all need to see it is a great flick it's a great horse a French flick and I think you would get a trip out of it.
It's a British okay but the fact I want to bring in was you know you're talking about school books and the fact is that the state allocates those dollars to the school district.
The city has nothing to do with that the problem is the state since we stopped using tablets way back when and the holy Bible in schools you know have just never given up enough money to get enough books out there for kids you know.
And they got to read anyway so why you give a book to a kid I can't read.
Yeah good point good point so don't get back yeah.
Here's a fan who sends me a thing is see I read the whole book now he's probably talking about the look at page 270.
It's going to be really good trick to look at page 270 because there's only 249 pages in the book.
Well wait once in fellow music it says before Neil gets to carry away with Michael Moore's book tell him to take a picket page 270 he will smit big time I think what he has to say is great but I draw along with this very probably what they're referring to is where he talks about Oprah for president.
Which is not on page 270 because the books only got 249 pages I heard him say that on some interview.
Yeah Oprah that could be just a little bit a little tongue in cheek.
Yeah and I'll take it to even though I hate the bitch like poison at least you know she got a shot we got a shot like Jimmy Johnson said.
So I don't know what page 270 you're talking about big fan but see this is the day for everybody to correct me you know I make a lot of mistakes like sitting down here at 5 to 10.
You know where in boxers are you yes I am.
Oh see should be wearing briefs.
No 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon line we got the big coming up at the 2 to 4 this afternoon we want the mad dog back soon you know Jesus Christ.
And he learned from me every time I'm there he always comes in and shakes my hands says I want to thank you you're my mentor you want to talk me less work and more pay.
I want to give you a kiss on the cheek only please.
The Humper at 4 to 6 30 at 2.5 hour a grueling experience for Hank today 6 30 it's your Panther preview Panthers at the Flyers at Philly 7 o'clock at the game.
Joe and Mark 2 to 5 overnight and then the moment is back in the morning with guilty little suck hold guilty.
He's there.
Oh gee let's build it down by the Miami arena.
Let's say this was on Monday he was already had to stay the in built before all the parades in hoopla yesterday.
He was already just jumping on board sucking the heavy duty.
Here's a lady in candle hello I'm on the wrong line I'm sure here's for a lot of the hello hello.
Hello Neil yes sir.
Hey I've been listening to you for the past couple of days actually I listen to you all the time but I noticed the last couple days you and and a good number of your callers of all expressed their opinion concerning any public participation in the financing of this new ballpark.
Yes sir.
And one of the reasons people keep using for opposing it I keep hearing over and over and over about our school kids and they don't have enough classroom space and they don't have enough textbooks.
And I think that a lot of people that bring those concerns up are certainly well intentioned but my god can anybody be more misinformed.
I mean in the real world does anybody believe that the reason our kids don't have textbooks and overcrowded classrooms have anything whatsoever to do with arenas and baseball stadiums.
Yes that's ridiculous.
No it's not ridiculous you know you know something when you're talking about taxpayer dollars it doesn't make any difference where they come from they're only X number of dollars.
So just like the last callers give me like you know a song to dance about whether they come from the state or whatever how they're funded it doesn't make any difference it's still like number of tax dollars.
Well the question of priorities.
The date County School Board has a yearly budget of 4.6 billion dollars.
Yeah I heard this all day for.
With a B.
Okay and they still can't get it right the reason our kids aren't overcrowded classrooms is because of the way they misallocate the money they already have not because there's a lack of money.
Yeah yeah and that's it I mean there's a lot of good.
All right so let's take that out of the mixes they say okay let's take education out of there we got more than enough money they're just misappropriating the fund.
Right about all of the other things the services that we have.
Yeah give me an example.
Such as such as the road such as the infrastructure such as a zillion other things that are going on in South Florida.
I want you to go to the stadium right now and right to check okay I want you to be the first one online or right to check I'm not going to say or waste my time arguing with you because you're trying to defend the priorities of a bunch of assholes overgrown selfless children like I've always said before.
The people are selfish and that included me with a hockey thing I admit to it though I'm I'm like you I admit it.
We needed that damn arena like we need a hole in the head so that way you could make more goddamn money and then sell the damn team and like you know make millions more on that.
Please please the public and please the unsuspecting new people we could feel four hours talking about the things more important.
Yeah oh my God roads in this and that how man you know something my answer to your question is anything else right anything else we've already got more goddamn stadiums in a arena that you can shake a stick at all right.
Think of how many citrus trees you could eradicate and in the meantime nobody's at the Mickey Erison triple a arena and the people who are there are busy schmoozing a walk around a guy in hallways and sipping their cocktails.
Nobody's at the mac arena for the sporting events there and the ones who are there like scots as they're walking around out in the hallway sipping their goddamn masosin in fill in their fat face and sitting on their cell phones talking to their friends across the way.
Having got the least amount of interest and their and and the fact of the matter is the county isn't benefiting one dime from any of that.
And a marlins we don't even have to rehash the history of the marlins okay all of the stuff you saw yesterday was his phone is a $27 bill.
Fun yes positive yeah if you want something to grab on do but would they have anything to do with the reality of South Florida no it's not a baseball town that's never going to be you can build a goddamn stadium on every street corner it's still not going to be.
It's a one point town man it's a football town.
Her coupons if they're playing like any except one of their girls teams they can pack that place in because half of the fans are room for the other team anyway and the dolphins they'll come close to pack into place although you know sometimes they have a tough time doing it.
How many years ago was it this got when they had that came against the Colts that had to be blacked out.
Oh decades yeah no it wasn't that long ago.
No just a few years ago because I never had I invited fat rich to come by watching my house because I was watching it off the big dish 98.
So that's five years ago couldn't sell a playoff game at P.P. Park for a football team and this is supposed to be a football town.
So sir please don't give me this lecture this song and a dance about how well intention but misinformed we are take the money and help feed the goddamn homeless do something with it anything that's productive.
Give it to abandon pet rescue use it for anything constructive use it for law enforcement use it for getting all the scumbags off the streets whatever had you want use it to guide them round up all the what's his name Sean canone's crowd and put them in the middle of the end.
Yeah instead of giving me a song and an answer how we have to continue entertaining all these millionaires and billionaires by cow towing to them and finding some kind of very clever device and there was still paying for the frickin Miami arena for crying out loud.
We're still paying for that white elephant they haven't figured out what to do with it.
And then Mickey Eerson you know makes a nice sweet deal with the mayor finger which I guess everybody must have Alzheimer's and Dave County because one of the most important things he promised back when he got elected the first time is he would never ever make a deal with that billionaire S.O.B.
and let him put a stadium in there the first thing that he did was go behind everybody's back and made that deal well Mickey's paying for their arena.
Yeah but how about all the other cost that it's going to talk cost the taxpayers the next 500 years.
Yeah right and a arena that nobody wants that nobody needed let's have every not just every county have its own arena and stadium.
Let's not have any neighborhood have its own county we can have the Opalaka stadium and the Miramar stadium and the plantations stadium and the goddamn what else sweet water stadium.
And the most that stadium because that's way down the on the ghoul stadium the pop it all beats stadium and arena.
Then all we got to do is find a bunch of teams that we put in of course nobody's going to go how the strikers doing or what that was the last one.
What was the last time was the last incarnation of the strikers.
Fusion.
The what fusion.
Now that's it the fusion.
The confusion.
How are they doing anybody see them lately?
No.
How about that minor league hockey team that came into town remember when we first came to QA and they wanted me to be the Patsy.
They tried to put over minor league hockey in South Florida.
I said you people got to be schmitten me.
Was that the Miami Manatees?
That was it very good.
The Miami Manatees.
Yes, we're the playing now in Opalaka.
What?
They're playing in the old arena.
They're playing in the old arena.
Yeah, Miami Arena.
Now you're not talking about the same thing I'm talking about.
The enterprise that we're talking about they lasted for about three months and they went out of business.
Oh, well the Miami Manatees now are playing in the Miami Arena.
And then we had the or maybe I'm talking about was it the roller hockey thing that was what it was.
Well, we've had so many of them and you can't even keep track no more.
But hey, let's just keep digging down with the taxpayers pockets in an area where the overwhelming majority of people don't care about these things anyway.
If you want taxpayers to pay their money, may have let them pay for something that maybe they might use that maybe that might benefit them someday somehow.
But thank you so much for your education.
212 votes who should pay for the new stadium for the Marlins?
Only the team owners 98, no stadium, no way Jose 39, the suckers in day 31, only people who don't speak English 27, the taxpayers 10.
I think David Simpson voted more than once.
And only the people who go to the games, what a concept.
8.
5.
6.
6.
5.
6.
7.
9.
are soft and they say stupid things because they don't have enough intelligence to come
up with an original thought of their own. So they listen to people that can manipulate
them to make them say make them think whatever they want. The only thing missing is the
cool aid. Thank you Jim. Who's on today? Who's doing the show today? Jorge. That's George
deal. George Rodriguez. You know I just come back or see done next year. No. Is he
really? Damn. I've got to deal. Oh I say it's in the in the you know while people say,
you know, well you're knocking the other side. This is what you know what it is. It shows
you how effective the guy is that he can manipulate the stupidity that listens between
nine and one. He might agree with that. Probably and he's laughing his ass off all the way
to the bank. He's absolutely late. You know what he is? He's laughing at you, Mitch, because
you're a M-O-R-O-N. I'll spell it out for you and now I'll tell you what I just said.
It means moron. It could be a huge spell. There's an old saying this is blue and the
once shame on you can't get fooled again. Last time we were in Iraq I guess we failed.
Seems the more we snooped the less we found. Pardon all his new glare. Capabilities. Disappointing
our inspection teams. Because we got a face that he's in to see. There won't be a trace.
If we go back this time we're out of luck. Because he's in to see. There won't be a damn thing.
We'll ever find. He thinks we are more or less idiots. Thinking he can hide the stuff he's got.
What's the use of searching? What do we got to gain? Don't you know you can't try
sad, don't you? Because we got a face that he's in to see. There won't be a trace.
If we go back this time we're out of luck. If he's in to see. There won't be a damn thing.
We'll ever find.
We'll ever find.
We'll ever find.
We'll ever find.
We'll ever find.
We'll ever find.
We'll ever find.
We'll ever find.
We'll ever find.
We'll ever find.
I'm fairly old. That's why my head hangs down loose and droopy.
I see my toes protruding from my gown in my booties.
Hold my head up, pop, says hold my head up, pop, says hold my head up, up.
Please, for for I die. I smell my arm as I live in my dress like I'm snoozing.
My bones are gone. That funny hat on my head needs free-fruing.
Hold my head up, pop, says hold my head up, pop, says hold my head up, pop, says hold my head up.
Please, for for I die.
I'm pretty old. That's why I look down.
Things I thought were the most pleased I am finding.
So far I found six dollars in loose change and my God are the keys.
Hold my head up, pop, says hold my head up.
109-560W 2QM, you know I rarely read theshots to books for some reason.
Yeah, but if you do get to Michael Moore book dude, where's my country?
You got to read the introduction because one of the most amazing parts is where he talks about how Harper Collins
Try to destroy his career because right after 9-11 when the book was supposed to be released
They tried they have prevented it from being released and they demanded that he rewrite up to 50% of it because it was critical of Mr
Bush and he said no, thank you and of course Harper Collins is a division of news corp
Which owns Fox News and it's all owned by Rupert Murdoch just a coincidence of course, okay
Who should pay for new stadium for the marlins we asked on the arraggers calm 243 vote so far not looking to promising
Only the team owners 115 no stadium no way Jose 43 the suckers in day 33 only people that don't speaking was 29 the taxpayers
12 of a dirty dozen and only the people who go to the games 11
How many times you think that the Marlin owners in the organization are gonna vote on this poll
Today and probably in the morning before we go on the year tomorrow
11 past one we got the big
Coming in for the mad dog at two we got the Humper at four and then we got the Panthers stuff at Philly tonight
That'll be a good test Scott see if they can play a real team. Yeah flyers all of a sudden got hot again
They shut up monkey well my furl is fading real fast
You know I speak in a fading if you'd like to see your waistline fade a little bit everybody's on one of those low-carb guys
Don't do the South Beach die by the way remind me tomorrow to talk about that book
Oh, yes, miss me off man is that frost my ass?
I went out and spent good harder and money to buy the South Beach dive and that doctor down there, Miami
Okay, so freaking it's a
Recipe book
It's a glorified recipe book that rips off the icons anyway if you're any low-carb diet
You want to find a store that gives you something where you can have variety working you have some taste
So you can stay on the straight narrow path. That's why so many people have fallen in love with the lights of Westboke
They've got to worth thousand low-carb products in stock and whatever you love
Vagals and breads cheesecakes muffins brownies chocolates pasta sauces chips dips soups ketchup
The world famous carbolite ice cream all low-carb all sugar-free
They got champion light drinks in five delicious flavors walnut brownies by control carb carbolite candy coated chocolate covered penis
Peanuts apple cinnamon granola by carb scents and lots lots more and don't forget it
Delicat West Bokeh two good things two really good things number one
You can try anything this derby for you buy it and number two all the Edkins products are on sale all day every day and
Delicat's open every day seven days a week from 10 to 10 you'll find them on the northeast corner of glazed in
441 next to Boston market in Bokeh the good news is very far from Moeshouse
Column toll free at 1 8 7 7 low carb LOWWC ARB run the web. It's low carb dot com
Don't forget Delicat West Bokeh an incredible unique store your official atkins retail center
You
We did it
It's a ten after all what by the mohawaii David
Did it in a show?
Yeah, do by 61 up to you
Well
Love your sign youui Lim
Not
Seven oh yeah, I
Can't take this
Just ain't going to wake
Hello
Renta Cotto. The said one of your auto gyros, duty of Bushley Apprentice Studio.
Oh, but you sure you want to do this?
No, just need your mouse up through when I take your phone.
I do that. I'll let you think they are.
I'll put you in my choke back into the darkness.
I'll show them. I'll show them all.
Are you open to tower yet?
I'm going to stand it now.
Open the door. Come on, Lutton.
You got your whole life ahead of you.
You are getting up over one dirty every day.
Making that drive from above up over.
Yeah, go ahead and tell yourself.
I also, my aging father, he up through the altar of the late video gas.
This is the new.
Come, Lutton.
Hey, look, I'm flying.
I feel like Superman.
Yeah, this is nice.
Hey, fly through the air with the greatest of it.
Who is he, man?
It's me, Rush. Open up, man. I've got the stuff.
Who is it?
It's me, Rush. They have opened up. I've got the stuff.
It's Rush, man. Open up.
I think the clinton's saw me coming here.
Who is it, man?
It's Rush, man. Will you open up? I've got the stuff with me.
Rush, man. Open up.
Rush?
Yeah, Rush. Come on, man. Open up.
I think members of the Democratic Party saw me.
Rush is not here.
No, man. I'm Rush, man.
Hey, come on, man. Who is it?
It's Rush, man. Will you open up? I've got the oxy-cutton with me.
Who? Rush, man. Open up.
Rush?
Yeah, Rush. Rush is not here yet.
No, man. I am Rush, man. Will you come and open the door, will you?
I've got the stuff with me. And I think Hillary saw me.
Who is it?
The liquid will you open the door, man? It's Rush.
Who?
Rush. Or you.
Us, H. Will you open the door, sir?
Rush?
Yeah. Rush. Rush.
Right, man. Rush. Now, will you open up the door?
Rush is not here yet.
Oh.
Ladies and gentlemen, the brothers who say now.
One, two, three, four, five. Well, once in a row.
We know they're not alive, because we found their hiding spot in Baghdad.
And now they're dead. I don't feel it in a bit, sir.
They did things that were so damn sick.
Lots of dumb sons were roasted on a stick.
They were rapists. Murderists.
Bloodloafs and crooks.
And now they're just a memory in Iraqi history books.
In the end, they went out like jerks.
I wonder if they finally lost those evil cocky smarts.
Watching TV while all hell rose new.
Stand upon, hit their caboose.
Big old ugly, you day finally died.
We're little brother who saved by his side.
I wonder if the daddy even tried to save his sons or was he terrified?
We finally closed the book and that too soon.
They were full of hate, so we're so.
Now they're on the hell, bound seven train.
Say goodbye to the brother to save.
I know you're gonna think I'm crazy, but I'm telling you, I hear something I'm trying.
That's just a TV. Don't make your paranoid.
I don't think it's a TV. It's a TV.
Something's wrong out there. Where's the dog?
Where's the guy then?
Send me a lot for, okay.
What's the hell is that?
What are all those people?
I know.
I know.
Now we're gonna look at you days finally died.
We're little brother who saved by his side.
I wonder if the daddy even tried to save his sons or was he terrified?
We finally closed the book and that too soon.
They were full of hate, so we're so.
Now they're on the hell, bound seven train.
Say goodbye to the brother to save.
They got no money for waiting here at the gate.
Oh, isn't this a...
No, I don't think it is.
Isn't it here?
Yeah, you know why it's hot, huh?
Yeah, it's like a thousand degrees.
There's nothing like that here.
Look at all this.
I love Baghdad, but this is where we are.
That's ridiculous, man.
I wonder what...
Okay, Davis is done.
Now we will vote as the gear that I pinched all their pants.
The people of California.
They like me a lot.
Cus just like their my head of you.
Oh, Jesus, I smoke like a fire.
I am the governor.
It's true.
The bad that I do not have a clue.
Everybody sing with Adam.
I am the governor.
Everybody.
I am the governor.
You like me in the movies.
That's why I am the governor of California.
You know, it's on CNN ABC, MSNBC, UPN, ads, CNBC, Shrbh, NBC, Noggin, and the FoxCartoon channel.
It's hyper sniper, maybe a nightline.
Take Apple interview Steve from Dell.
So you think media hype is encouraging this, like her?
Dude, like her.
Then on Larry Gang.
Joining me tonight is Mr. Moose.
He calls me chief.
I thought Bulwinkle was the chief moose.
Oh, this bit Mr. Chief Moose.
As a way for my disc, it's a moment.
Even if you beat a snapper, please, David Long.
Where you can breathe.
Hello.
This is the sniper.
Thanks for all the press.
My silver button is 5-5.
Total.
The responsible journalism continues when your local action news puts a reporter smack in the middle of all the action.
Have you seen the sniper yet?
Well, thanks for that report.
We'll keep our viewers.
Where is it?
I think your fishkeys are picky.
The gas cares me apart.
I think it's such a trip when you let it rip.
I love the way you fart.
The noise is almost getting me.
You even scared the dog.
I hear the windows shaking.
I surprise it, don't break it.
I love the hear you fart.
I love the way you fart.
We won the World Series.
125 at 5.560 WQA.
How many votes we got on that poll so far?
This is where it's at.
285.
Who should pay for a new stadium for the Marlins who are asking today on Theoranges.com?
Only the team owner is 130.
What a concept.
No stadium, no way Jose 48.
Only people who don't speak English 39.
The suckers in dead 34.
Only the people who go over Game of 17 and tied there for last place.
The taxpayers only 17.
It's like 5.9%.
We can get that guy to call back in the market and give us a lecture about how we have billions of dollars for education in the state.
The school board is inept and there's all of this waste.
The audience is crowded because too many people are making babies and things like that.
That guy is the same song as that.
How many times do you call that same story?
126 at 5.60 WQM.
If you're underpaid overworked, if your boss treats you like crap.
Maybe you'd like to get yourself a new high paying career, but you don't have four years to waste on college.
If this sounds like you, then we have your solution.
Call our friends at Fast Train today and they'll change your life.
Call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
They can have you trained in certified for a high paying computer network, professional career, or a high paying medical computer specialist career in as little as four months.
I mean, four months out of your life, what the hell is that?
That's right, you can be fully trained and ready for a brand new high paying career and a short of time is four months.
The Fast Train offers you a day, evening, weekend classes.
They offer you a job placement assistance and financial aid to people who qualify.
Six convenient Florida dollar locations, including Foreign South Florida.
So it just makes common sense.
You don't have to be a genius, thank God, to realize there's probably a fast train nearby you.
So check them out on the web first at fasttrained.com and then make that call that can really change your life real and for serious in a really positive way and give you a big fat paycheck every payday.
Call Fast Train 1-866-FAST-TRAIN and be sure it's in the Todd Dreck tour to DeCalle.
By the way, we wish you a happy birthday yesterday, Todd, but we would have been lying.
Fast Train call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
I am low. This is sports radio by 60.
You am.
Mandage, I am a pussy.
Forget board shorts and speedos if you want to get noticed on the beach.
Show up with a Sandy Johnson.
Sandy Johnson swimwear from men.
As the latest looks to get you noticed, that's because every Sandy Johnson swimsuit comes with real beach sand sewn right in the crotch.
So when you walk, go like it down the beach, everyone will know.
You've got a Sandy Johnson and for cows, there's Sandy Gapslumwear.
Where this tiny dog in you'll know why it's a Sandy Gapslum suit.
Sandy Johnson and Sandy Gaps available only at the Gap.
Bill Clinton was exposed as an adulterer.
One of his goals may have been to humiliate me publicly, but now is my turn to show him what I had discovered.
On that auspicious day, lunch was served on the grounds under an enormous white canvas tent.
One of my challenges that afternoon was Fidel Castro.
There was a mischievous gleam in his eye.
Then he said something that left me in awe.
Hillary, I have a picture of you in my office.
Mmm, delicious!
Almost immediately, we crashed into bed.
It was wonderful to lose myself and sheer physical sensation.
A few days later, Stevie Wonder called and asked if he could come over to see me at the White House.
I answered, yes, you must come to see me.
That night, I was ushered upstairs until to put on a wig and hoop skirt.
And he periodically broke into giggles for no apparent reason.
I'm not all that athletic anymore, but the next thing I knew I was swinging back and forth, squealing.
When Stevie finished, I felt numb.
Another surprise soon followed.
Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Mick Jagger.
Bill didn't mind. After all, it happens.
New from Ringo Records.
Sing and Speebe sing Billy Joel.
Your head is ranging.
I don't want you here, me here.
What's the matter with the change?
I'm willing to take them off and make you believe.
Sing and Speebe sing Billy Joel.
I'm not sure if she's a house or fire.
Sing and Speebe sing Billy Joel.
It's doors now from Ringo.
Where the love, look at the chains that won't stray on.
The hair is blonde, shake my foot and turn guys on.
But there's a place where all the guards can hide it.
I can make guys row right behind their seafront.
I can make guys row with my body and booty.
That's where they're the blows.
Cause I'm such a beauty, it's one of those things I wear in poor.
Be it such a bad girl, I can make guys row with my body and booty.
That's where they're the blows.
Cause I'm such a beauty, it's one of the things I wear in poor.
But be it such a bad girl, be it such a bad girl.
Oh!
I believe a language I hear all give me.
Every home of the word is an obscenity.
It used to be the cable was a horror on words.
But now the networks let their actors curse.
There's the wedding stripes of this obscenity.
All the dialogue and tape for fantasy.
Swear it like a seller on a three day pass.
Words a whole lot worse than asked.
F1, F1, how will it be before they drop the F1 on a word TV?
F1, F1, there's no telling where they'll drop one on a U.T.L.
Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word F*** out of all of the English words that begin with a letter F.
F*** is the only word that is referred to as the F word.
It's the one magical word.
Just by its sound can describe pain, pleasure, hate and love.
F*** as most words in the English language is derived from German.
The word flikken which means to strike.
In English, F*** falls into many grammatical categories as a transitive verb, for instance.
John F*** surely.
His meaning is not always sexual.
It can be used as an adjective such as John's doing all the f***ing work.
As part of an adverb, surely talks too f***ing much.
As an adverb, enhancing an adjective, surely is f***ing beautiful.
As a noun, I don't give a f***.
As part of a word, abso f***en loosely or inf***ing credible.
And as almost every word in a sentence, f*** the f***ing f***ers.
As you must realize there aren't too many words with a versatility of f***.
As in these examples describing situations such as fraud, I got f*** that they use carolot.
This may, or f*** it.
Trouble, I guess I'm really f***ing now.
Aggression, don't f*** with me buddy.
This missile, why don't you go outside and play hide and go f*** yourself.
I'm sure you can think of many more examples.
Say it loudly and proudly.
F*** you.
I got to get out of this game.
If it's the last thing I ever do, I got to get out of this game.
I used to be a star.
I'm talking TV and movies, DJ Hooker, emergency 911.
You like Star Trek, right?
Scotty, feed me up from this nightmare gig.
I'll admit it, I got the call from my agent about this priceline.com thing.
When things weren't going too well, no wait, things weren't going at all.
So he says, Bill, you want to do a few commercials?
They'll pay you a ton of money, so I said, sure.
It wants so well.
They said, hey Bill, you want to do it on TV?
And I said, what do I sign?
I'm back on TV, baby.
I'm going to be a star again.
I'll be being really big.
And then I realized, on the TV sponsor, making fun of that really awful album I made back in the 60s.
I'm a parody of myself.
I want out.
But my agent says, I already signed the contract.
You're stuck, he says.
I got to get out of this gig.
Girl, I'll have a better life if I do.
Thank you.
No problem.
177560 WDQM, 324 votes on that pool.
Who should pay for a new state and for the Marlins, the World Champion Marlins, baby?
Ain't they the World Champion?
Los Capillones del mundo?
Apoyemos.
Apoyemos, you're asked?
Something like that?
Of course.
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
324 votes who should pay?
Only the team owner is 148.
No stadium, no way Jose.
Fiddy.
Only people that don't speak English, no ticket in English.
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
The high school engine
The selection isn't just huge, it's so fucking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And soficking's prices aren't as low, they're so fucking low. You'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me. When I say soficking as a beautiful store, I mean soficking beautiful.
When I say staff is helpful, I mean soficking helpful. Listen to me.
Get to know the soficking and enjoy a selection that's soficking huge.
A staff that's soficking courteous and prices that are soficking low, you'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied, custom of Frank and Stein.
Soficking good.
You said it, Frankie. Soficking good.
Hi, this is Kimberly Plummer, K-A-B-C News with a one on one interview with gubernatorial hopeful Arnold Schwarzenegger.
I'm sorry. Excuse my apologies.
What do you apologize for? I'm not following you.
For everything, Kimberly Plummer, K-A-B-C News, I'm sorry to the people of California.
For what? Those bad movies you make?
No. Although, if you don't like them, I'm sorry Kimberly Plummer, K-A-B-C News.
I'm sorry for this.
You just touched my boobies.
That was a demonstration, Kimberly Plummer. I'm sorry.
Well, don't do your demonstrations on me, Mr. Schwarzenegger. I am here for a serious interview with you.
I apologize. You're very whiny. Go ahead with your question.
Well, you're very touchy-feely. I apologize.
Excuse me, but did you just touch my ass?
That was a demonstration, Kimberly Plummer, K-A-B-C News. That's why I want to apologize to the people of California.
And I believe you should.
I'm sorry.
I see you have a problem with women.
I don't have a problem with women. I like to touch them.
Excuse me, but we are not an object.
May I see your aunt, either?
It's my what?
Your aunt, either. May I see it?
I don't think I have an aunt, either.
You have an aunt, either. That's right, you.
That's your aunt, either.
I can't believe you just put your hand.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry, are you a pilot?
Oh, do it again.
Yeah, good for you, Kimberly Plummer. You want me now, don't you?
You're a per...
Let us have your aunt, either.
Oh!
Hello, I'm sorry. I apologize.
You are disgusting.
I want to be the governor.
Here, put my lever vote for me.
Ew. Why is it purple?
I eat grapes. I'm a grape, either.
Put my lever.
Why not?
I thought Christy Anity was fairy tales.
Girl, this religious thing was not for me.
They held a big convention.
They let the important freeze.
I had no idea what I was about to see.
They were speaking in tongues.
That made me a believer.
It was kind of fun.
Just to get out of my mouth.
Speaking tongue.
They got me believing.
I can't hear from even from side to side.
I'm a per...
I'm a per...
I'm a per...
I'm a per...
I'm a per...
No, no, it will now embrace me.
I bet my tongue to the beat.
But if I don't have a taste?
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm a per...
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I'm a per...
The pop-stomp-stomp, the god in the world.
The pop-stomp-stomp, the god in the world.
He lets us knock him down, the pop-stomp-stomp,
He's a gloomy head, the pop-stomp-stomp,
The pop-stomp-stomp, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.
I am a skill here, I'm fighting higher,
I'm back, I'm losing one gift, I'm on grass,
Jesus freaks out back, Jesus fights us out by him.
He never shall have to choke,
I'm losing one gift, I'm on low,
He's a trick, trick, the pop-stomp-stomp,
God give him the grass, the pop-stomp-stomp,
He likes us for the grass, the pop-stomp-stomp,
He's a gloomy head, the pop-stomp-stomp,
The pop-stomp-stomp, oh yeah, oh yeah.
I'm taking two minus two, he'll take two, fill on water,
Just forget to take your pill, I should've got it, got it.
Taking pills and battery, choke, pour it, pull, and pull.
First and took, and he took a narrow, one-stop,
The pop-stomp-stomp, he can't give him the grass,
The pop-stomp-stomp, he likes us for the grass,
The pop-stomp-stomp, he's a gloomy head, the pop-stomp-stomp,
The pop-stomp-stomp, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.
The pop-stomp is getting higher, the pop-stomp is getting higher,
The pop-stomp-stomp, he likes us for the grass,
The power to smash the gun, easy to the airbags
The power to smash the gun, the power to smash the gun
The power to smash the gun, the power to smash the gun
Smash the gun, smash the gun
The power to smash shore benim
Smash the gun, smash the gun
It keeps you special, it keeps you on to thaw
The power to smash the gun
The power to smash the gun
The power to smash the gun
The power to smash 100
Okay
Everyone
Well, they're
I went to La La Plue and everybody out there was smoking fire
I saw flying middle-aged and the red lights were never in the road
The air is more dramatic, let's just march to fire
Let's just march to fire
Let's just march to fire
Let's just march to fire
Okay
Let's just march to fire
Let's go
My!
I'm low
This is 43560
You're way too way
The Middle Eastern world
Will be exploded
To damage people killed
With the gas that we sold him
First time aggressor nation
And the only one that's going
Now more blood will be spilled
To get that oil flowing, forget about Korea
And the nooks they're talking about, are right
Wean is drilling it over and over
And to our hip, that Iraq has sung
Weapons of mass destruction
3,000 people killed
Are now forgotten, let's exploit them instead
Hate their oil to be counted
Going after Saddam too
Plankato Sama, there's no longer mention of
A name been lauded, but no one seems concerned all
I'm being complacent, believing every word
Of this cartel administration
That controls us by fear
Through media manipulation and the right
Wean is drilling it over and over
And to our hip, that Iraq has sung
Weapons of mass destruction
The loss of civil rights is the
Right that we're paying, we're all suspects now
Not the ash crop is saying
I have nothing to hide, table talkers all are saying
Blind obedience, cattle don't have any reservation
Bout a provoke battle, and world annihilation
Older shoes must fall in hell of virgin and stoke
With no objection at all
Till the crap don't have a ball, and the right
Wean is drilling it over and over
And to our brainwash pants
Iraq has sung
Weapons of mass destruction
Only Iraq has sung
Weapons of mass destruction
Weapons of mass destruction
Weapons of mass destruction
Weapons of mass destruction
Weapons of mass destruction
Weapons of mass destruction
Weapons of mass destruction
The nowemic bill
Bye bye bye
