Hey, good show today.
Hi everybody.
The caller is in a minute.
Yeah.
Everybody in this end.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey.
Except for Robert Grieber.
Yeah, Reaper threw a little temper tantrum today.
He fired by the way, dude.
No, that I just fired his ass and also the beast is going out the door with him.
It's Clarence and his boyfriends.
They're out.
Yeah, that would be good.
How you break up that old gang of little children, you know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I think that there's potential for that.
Yeah.
I saw the Reaper out today in the parking lot.
I would much wrap up.
You might have a line of young guys who'd be at the door.
They're sports jock type of young guys who just they probably worked for free.
They probably paid a station to work there.
Oh, you mean like Scott?
Yeah, right.
Guys who work for free.
They don't want to work for free, but they want to do it.
Yeah, Scott's working for free because he's not part of Clarence's little fraternity.
That's why Scott's getting shot.
I think what they're doing to him is a lethal.
If he's going in there like lick Clarence on the ass a couple of times and maybe the fondle is genitals,
maybe he might put your ass on a payroll.
Work for me.
I listen, I feel it in for him for one day and they gave me morning drive and changed five shows.
There you go.
So I figure the only thing that really mattered in the end of the day was that I was able to support
Neil's show.
You got to have a great lead for the leader and with the two of us who cares about anybody else.
Right.
Honest to God.
I heard that most crotch route was acting up.
That's why I was using this thing.
You know how I'm around it.
Around this place.
That's what I'm talking about.
Around the beast is I don't be laughing beast.
You're dumb.
He's just having these.
He's just having a crap game three pounds.
You know what?
He went to the game on Saturday and he got so excited.
He sprained his ankle and got sick and this worked my man and then to Howard David, his wife yells
at him.
He misses work.
I think he had a spray his leg.
How does he miss work when his wife yells at him?
Probably.
I mean, I've worked here in 95 days in a row.
Peace glue.
Maybe if I didn't get the peace glue on straight today.
Maybe the weasel have crawled down his forehead.
You know what the best thing about working here for me was the Saturday I had to go get a medication
at the pharmacy because of illness.
I don't ever miss work.
But I went and my bill would have been 75 bucks.
But they had sent me my health insurance card.
These people have easily.
And I got my prescription for 10 bucks.
And so I saved like 65 bucks and I got to go back to the warring to get my money back.
That's a great day.
That's the best thing that this place has ever done for me.
Excellent.
That's probably the only thing I'll ever do for you.
They got your car yet?
No.
No.
No.
They want me to drive.
They're driving to Europe for me and that's not going to happen either.
Here's Johnny Morales.
They got bad news for you Johnny.
Give me the car or I'm not going.
It's simple.
What do you want to do to deal with?
You're going to be waiting for Johnny Morales to get you a car.
No.
I'm going to ask you what century is it now?
I got competition going between Johnny and Jeff Hyde.
Who's going to fall over first?
Oh yeah.
You got the heavy hitters on your side now, man.
Yeah, thanks a lot, Neil.
Now that you've gotten me in a foul mood, have a crappy day.
You two scot's here.
This is South Florida's only real 40 jam.
Tell you to wait and buy a new Ford Lardy on a reasonably broadcast quick-train.
www.qam.com
We're going to go for it.
We're going to go for it.
The other worker in the front is a bunk butt buddies.
That's QAM for you now.
Larry King and they don't come.
Any better than Neil Roger.
Hi there boys and girls.
Today you can have a very extra special friend, Stout and Vi.
The show is all about something legally special.
I can't remember the door right now.
Come on in, you little slight back.
How are you, Lardy?
Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you.
I wonder what it is.
It looks like a...
I'm going to push with a kick-tower.
That's me back, boy.
What the fuck?
Hey.
Can I catch it?
Sure, go ahead.
Run your hands over here.
That's... that's...
Ah!
Hey, like velvet.
Hey.
What's this right here?
That is my blowpipe.
What do you do with the blowpipe?
You blow it, Lardy.
You blow...
Hey, you put your mouth around it and your blow.
Oh, can I do that?
Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, Lardy?
Oh, can I?
Sure, go ahead.
Okay.
Come on Lardy.
You got to put your mouth around it, Lardy.
Don't be afraid.
It's not going to break.
All right, like this.
Hey, that's a boy.
Stick it on the way down your throat.
It's getting bigger.
Hey, it means you're doing it right.
What's this over here?
That's Mitch Shander.
What do we do with that?
What you do with that, Lardy, is you put your both hands on it,
you cover the hole and you run your hands up and down the shaft.
Real quick.
Oh, you're not going to do it, right there?
Hey, run your hands up and down it there.
Now what you want to do, Lardy, is you want to blow on the pipe.
You want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle.
And then you want to run your hands up and down the shaft.
Real quick.
Right, okay.
All together all at the same time.
Okay, here we go.
Good Lardy.
Hey, there's good Lardy.
Sure.
There's good Lardy.
Keep going.
No harder, Lardy.
Harder.
Squeeze the bag.
Squeeze one.
Let me run your hands up and down the shaft.
You pick faster.
Run your hands up and down faster.
You blow.
You blow.
You blow.
You blow.
You're not going to do it, you're not going to blow it.
You're not going to do it.
You're not going to do it.
You're not going to do it.
You're not going to do it.
I'm going to kiss you, but it's maybe.
Maybe 10 or 6 at 5, 60 WQM, happy Tuesday to you.
Very important announcement here.
Oh, look at this.
Look who's going to be there.
Wow, wow.
Rainy's going to be at this thing.
Are you excited about that?
All right.
Bush Farewell tour 04 protest today.
5 p.m. at the Hyatt Hotel, Pier 66 for Lauderdale.
We're a black shirt, bring a white cross representing a soldier killed in the rack and or a sign.
For information called Robert, and I'm sure that's not Robert Greeper, by the way.
561-222-9140.
For information.
The directions you take on 85 to the people of art, East, East, East, South, and East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East,
East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East, East
Do we have a program directors like about 10 years old, who is involved with? Like a bunch of UM children, like Robert Grieper,
We have a program directors like 10 years old, who is involved with? Like a bunch of UM children, like Robert Griepert.
Carreteny, or W convenience
Here's a poll that the Sun Sentinel is taking. I love it. I love it.
Results, man, the public, maybe a little bit slowly where can people have
it finally catching on. Yeah. Catching on,
El President, hey, I'm delighted that he's in South Florida.
I hope that somebody passes along the message from the show.
We hate you like poison. Okay. You suck.
Rondia. Some of us have been on them for a hell of a long time,
since they stole that bogus election two years ago.
Pulling the Sun Sentinel since President Bush is asking for another
$87 billion to fund operations in Iraq,
which would push the federal budget deficit to a record $562 billion for 2004,
our Bush's fiscal policies out of control.
There are two choices, obviously. Yes, his tax cuts and spending plans of
transformed a budget surplus into potentially ruinous deficits or no,
no, Bush has been doing what's needed to shepherd us through recession
terrorism in the war on Iraq. Well, guess what? Guess which one has 70.9%
Yeah, that's the one. Yes, his tax cuts and spending plans of transformed a budget surplus into
potentially ruinous deficits. 29.1% say no, only 29% Bush liquors now in a
Sun Sentinel out of 3,500 30,500 responses. How do you like that?
I like something good enough to make here grow on your ass,
but not to make me vibrate.
Public is starting to finally catch on, Bush,
okay, they're on you. You're out. You're absolutely out.
You got two chances none and much less than on so forget about raising all that
guy, they money. You know what really frost my fat ass? I give up.
Far we others, there's this British, I forget the name of the group,
put it anyway, the story it's coming out today is about how the Elkite is
stronger right now. The reorganized, they're stronger now than they were before 9,
11. We still have a Gato Sama Yamama. We haven't gotten mullabullo Omar.
They're stronger and they're like, got delt kinds of devious plans as our
governor told us he had year ago. They have devious plans for us.
But in the meantime, what are we doing? We're wasting billions and billions
and billions of dollars and hundreds of American lives in a war against a
phantom enemy that was never a threat in the first place.
Can you imagine if we were spending those billions dollars on real
homeland security? Can you imagine that? Yeah, imagine it all. I'm really a
security and really going after Elkita, but we have that problem of the Bush
family and the Bin Laden family. You know, it's Bush in the house of
Saudi is really what it's all that's the background of all of it.
There's a real, real chigger in the wood pile with this whole thing.
That's what it's all about. Oh, no, but there were raki's nine level.
Where they know they weren't. It's kind of like the Humpty Dumpty syndrome.
You know, it's like all the pieces are broken. Now he's trying to put it back
together again and can't do it. And now he's running the same people.
He was thumbed as knows that you know, you either with us here against us.
Those, oh, well, come on. Won't you help us out now? Come on.
Send in some troops and in some peacekeeper sentence of my money.
Please because we're drowning in a sea of debt based on this phantom
war that we thought was going to be so easy. How come I'm getting so serious
already today? You know, I don't know. I like it. Good.
Because they got a whole bunch of crap here. Okay. I'm not no mood for bull
crap today after hearing about Robert Gryper's temper tantrum.
Here's a guy's got more lives than the ever ready cat. Yeah, at least.
That's right. Can't stand at punk. Joe Costello was right about him.
Joe's a pretty good judge of people. You know what? Yes, he is. He showed blows,
but he's a good judge of people. I like Joe a lot.
And when he said Robert Gryper ought to get his ass canned man.
He had his thumb right on the magic switch. Get him out of there. Clarence.
Start breaking up this little band of boys. It's like the boys in the band.
That's what Clarence has going there. Remember that movie?
A hundred years ago. That's a fact movie. That's what Clarence.
He's got like a gay club going on there.
Gay. That's exactly correct.
And you know, reason we don't see Clarence anymore. He's busy.
You know what he's doing? You're looking for glory holes. That's what he's doing.
He's out there looking for freaking glory holes.
Because at least they can't run away. You know, I'm sitting like stationary.
Once he starts humping, they can't get away from him.
Although the room around town is that even a glory hole.
So they kind of like seal up when they seem coming.
1186 votes on yesterday's pool. I why am I so worked up on it?
So I have no idea. Good. It's your responsibility.
The vitamins. You know this call in popinos going to be bogus. Here's popinos. Hello.
How you doing, Neil? Pretty good.
I just was wondering how much is going to cost us taxpayers during a rush hour to shut down all the major highways around the airport.
Shut down the airport and shut down the intercostal.
But he probably made ones. You know how many?
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's ridiculous and you know, he's going to suck somebody out of his rich friends.
But all of those middle class people are driving and from work are going to get stuck.
So let me tell you something where you use the appropriate term when you think about this president suck is the appropriate term.
He sucks.
Yep. No doubt I have in for and I sure I won't be voting for him this time around.
Amen. In fact, next time those of us who voted against him last time are going to vote three times just to make sure this time.
Hey, in Florida, you can do that. Why not?
That's right. F and A man. Okay. Good luck to you.
Thanks.
See you.
That was a real call. I got it.
It's a pissed off and fired up on the stop.
Let me do the well on you little faith.
Of course, I didn't have no faith either.
Still about half of the town is laying out their gone and who the hell can blame him?
13 past 10 will give you the poor results from yesterday.
We got a poll today that doesn't need any and I don't think it does.
That'll find out. I think it needs no addition to you.
No, even put the new one up here.
I naturally printed off the one from yesterday.
So it doesn't like escape me.
Because Thursday, two days from now is the second anniversary of 9-11 and this al-Qaeda business.
How come all these vignants at all are being wasted and they're stronger than ever?
Were we here in just a few months ago that we've cut off the head and that basically they were like disorganized and they were no longer the threat they used to be.
And yada yada. Were we here that crap?
Guess what? Surprise!
Those evil doers are out there.
The real evil doers are the ones that we haven't been going after.
They're separate of ones that were feeding McDonald's down there at Guantana Gitmo.
That's what they all want.
They want to get Mo for their money.
And you'll get Mo a weight loss with balance for life.
You know, the beast I've written him off for the last time.
No more chances.
Maybe he can look with Robert Grieper and Clarence.
They have like a three-way they can work off the way.
That's the only way that fat tub of crap is going to lose weight.
No. Were you fudge-packed?
Are you one of the millions who built twisted and bloated and constipated?
I am so constipated! I haven't gone in a week!
If you have a Cora and a Zalmul pain or discomfort,
Glater and constipation see your doctor.
Stop! You gotta help me!
It feels like I gotta poodle up my ass!
Wow, you do have a poodle up your ass.
Ask your doctor about getting you leave with Zalmul.
Zalmul, keep me from putting poodle up my ass!
No marion won't, but it makes it easier for the poodle on the way out.
Zalmul, eat yourself again.
10, 19, 5, 60, WQM, happy Tuesday, 2, we got the mad dog at 2 of the Humper in the studio at 4.
That is, how many witches have been since the Humper has actually been here in the studio?
A third man!
Another tough assignment for Hank.
He's got two and a half hours show, 4 to 6, 35, because the Marlins on deck,
the wild card leading Ty would affiliate some marlins.
How do you like that?
You ready for that?
What?
Marlins at 6, 35 on deck, then the game at the Metza 7, 10.
Each game becoming more and more important.
Now, Eddie K follows the game and Joe and Mark overnight,
and then maybe Mo will be back tomorrow, but we can certainly hope not.
Absolutely.
Because he's got bad crack rot now is what the deal is.
So he was out sick this morning like a real pussy man.
Every time he gets a hang nail, every time his wife looks at him and cross-eyed,
oh gee, I can't come in no Mo!
We can only pray for that, you know?
So here's the result he has today's pool.
Who was the greatest fictional character in movies or TV?
We asked a long list here so I give him all the way out.
James Bond wins no contest, 286.
Can't argue with that really, right?
No.
How many years of James Bond been going?
BOT TURDEMAND!
Yeah, how many different actors have played James Bond?
BOT TURDEMAND!
Archie Bunker 101.
That's good.
I like the way Archie Bunker moved up the ladder there into a good second place.
Superman 97.
It's a bird, it's a plane, it's a Tom Walling's foot.
Why?
He's got big feet, he's got size 14 feet.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
You know what they say about a guy that's got big feet like that, right?
Big hands.
Big hands.
Oh my god.
Big shoes.
Wow.
Can you even imagine?
What's that thing he dragged through the tomato soup?
I don't know what it is but by now, probably a sure tasty.
Darth Vader 84.
Bugs Bunny was a late addition on there.
Thank you very much to the guy that recommended Bugs Bunny's got 72 votes.
That was brilliant.
That was brilliant because ordinarily he wouldn't think of a cartoon character
necessarily.
Right.
But Bugs Bunny is legendary, he's been all over the place,
sucking down them carrots.
Indiana Jones 63.
Shylock Holmes 55.
I love Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce.
And anybody else who plays Sherlock Holmes are we like, uh,
there's another John Kerradyne rule.
Then he also do that?
I don't know.
He was like a rip-off, he ripped off everybody.
I know, not, was it Peter Cushing.
Peter Cushing, I'm sorry.
Peter Cushing, poor man.
Yeah.
Hammer Studios.
Peter Cushing.
Michael Croyoni 45.
And like I said,
probably would have done better except for the fact that, uh,
you know, there were other characters in the same movie who were, uh,
more prominent.
Well, let me tell you something, my crud,
Nick Brandt.
Exactly.
Even a horse's head, I think, was like more prominent than Michael Croyoni.
Not gonna race him though.
Cartoon.
Cartoon.
Dirty Harriet 42.
He was just a cartoon character.
Michael Croyoni 45.
Dirty Harry 42.
Batman 36.
To the matma be a robin.
And by the way, adjust those tight,
something's flopping out.
Dracula 32.
Inspector Clousseau had,
you know what?
Inspector Clousseau had?
But, good man.
That's exactly what he had.
See, I almost passed up that opportunity there.
That would have been bad.
Captain Kirk 29 votes.
Lucy Ricardo.
Now that's interesting.
Eric actually put her nice last name on her.
Like there would be some other Lucy.
And again, what?
He's right.
Cause it could be Lucy from, uh,
peanuts.
Wasn't right.
I emailed him Lucy Ricardo just to be thorough.
Spick.
Lucy Ricardo 23.
That was the characters.
I know.
Just don't get all out tight.
Like I said, uptight little spick.
Ralph Crandon 21.
Mad Max 19.
How is that?
Is that where we got that thing from?
Where we got what thing from?
That was a nice.
Oh, that's the great race.
That's, uh,
Keenan Wind.
I know.
I love Keenan.
When I like Edwin,
he shows you how old I am.
Even even even even even when I have no idea how.
I watch old TV.
He was a panic man.
He was a funny, funny guy.
He was goofy.
He's dead.
Fred Sanford.
He's also dead.
Bullwinkle J.
Moose who still lives 16.
I think that's underrated.
I think Rocky and Bullwinkle
was the greatest show in history.
It's television.
You know what?
Even, uh, uh,
and it's older than me, obviously.
So I was watching it in syndication.
Even at the time,
my peers that was going over their head.
Nobody liked it as much as, uh,
like I did.
And just a few of us.
Now,
Dudley Dewright was a separate show, right?
It was, uh,
it was, uh,
it was, uh,
you know how they had the Bullwinkle adventures.
The Rocky and Bullwinkle.
And then in between,
they had all these other features like, uh,
fractured flirty, uh, flirty tails.
Right.
And Dudley Dewright.
And we're never in Horton,
narrating.
Right.
Who was that?
And Hans Connry.
Oh my god.
You know something?
The,
like I was telling you before the show this morning,
I need a lobotomy because my mind is so filled with you.
That's correct.
And the important stuff.
That it is the horse racing.
Yeah.
Hans Conn,
now the horse racing is very important to me.
You have no idea.
Me and Harnas racing are like, uh,
butter and bread.
Nobody cares.
We are tight.
Lucy Ricardo 23,
Ralph Cramden 21,
Mad Max 19,
Fred Sanford 18,
Bull Jacob,
uh, I'm reading him again.
Bullwinkle James,
Moose 16,
Mr. Spock 15,
Spider-Man 14,
George Jefferson,
Godzilla,
Colombo, Rocky,
and Freddie Krueger,
head 10 apiece.
Carza 9,
eight only eight for Frankenstein.
I, I don't,
I'm sorry.
I mean,
the audience did pretty well on this,
but I think all the eight for Frankenstein
is like, uh,
selling them a little bit short.
Old hat.
What does that mean?
Old hat.
He was a popular monster
back then.
Yeah.
But that's true.
They don't,
they haven't really like
in a long time read any
Frankenstein movies.
That's one of the probably
young Frankenstein.
Wouldn't you think?
No, they made the, uh,
Eugene Wilder,
which we love Gene Wilder
and we still feel really bad
about Rosanna Dana.
Why the hell couldn't it have been
aliena Rosanna Dana
that would have gone to that big,
uh,
right wing bullcrap thing in the sky
and left the Gilder Radner alive?
I love the Gilder Radner,
man.
She was, she was great.
You know,
and Gene Wilde,
you feel bad.
You know what I mean?
She died a long time ago.
You see what I'm saying?
I'm getting, I'm waxing nostalgic now
in my old age.
Frankenstein 8 Wonder Woman 6,
Norman Bates had only five,
Rambo 5,
the fugitive 4-0 head,
4 Charlie Chan had a pair,
and King Kong had one out of 1192 votes.
Standard 1200 votes.
I'm kind of like an
incipient pullaway,
the DDS today.
By the way, for our listener,
George, that's George with a G,
who uh, inquired and thank you.
Well, read the facts because it,
you know, sucks my ass and why not?
I like that.
It's just good morning.
First thanks for your show while you're welcome.
Yesterday around 130,
you read something written by James C.
Moore, I believe that is absolutely.
Absolutely.
Correct.
I love my comfy,
but I hate my president.
It was the impression I was left with
and it was fabulous.
It's fabulous, almost like cross-dressing.
Fabulous.
Oh, the feel of that bra on your,
made on the male breast on the boo.
Have you ever do that?
Yeah, neither, but there are guys who are like,
so heavily into that.
I'm talking about straight guys.
I still don't understand that to you.
No.
What is the title?
I don't know what I find out.
I'm talking about guys that have like a real wardrobe.
I'm talking about really, really like to dress up,
you know, and they've got the whole outfit.
Not just a bra, anybody can slap on a bra.
In fact, a lot of guys,
like Joe Rose, who admitted he needs a bra.
You know, a lot of working out,
and he doesn't do it for years.
He starts getting real saggy.
He's got bigger breasts than his lovely wife.
Anyway, since I was,
it was fabulous.
Looked on your website and searched Google,
but couldn't find it.
Well,
we got it and it's going to be on our website.
Anytime Americans around,
it's on BuzzFlash.com.
If you don't want to wait for it to pop up on our website,
you can check BuzzFlash.com right now.
And it's like, I believe the second article on there
from September 8th from yesterday.
And it's called, I love my president,
but what is it?
I love my country,
but I hate my president by James Seymour.
I have it right here in my hand.
It was co-author of a Bush's Brain,
How Carl Rove Made George W. Bush Presidential.
See, by him coming to town today,
that doesn't mean that we're going to slack off.
In fact, if anything,
we're going to lay it on real thick
because we're onto UW.
We're onto you and all your fascist right wing lunatics.
Okay?
Like John Ascroft and Hermann Gehring-Rumsfeld
and all of these people in Wolfowitz
and Pearl and all these Gray Robbers.
Not to mention the friends at Halle Burton
and Beck Tell and all these other goyem.
Oh, look at this.
Minister arrested for trying to lure a teen online.
Yeah, that was on the news.
And in Dave County.
Right, that was on the news.
That must be a...
Can't that be a...
Oh, look at his name too.
While he'd naster.
Yeah.
Sounds arrogant.
Wait for that after the break.
We got a lot of stuff here today.
Good news though.
Yeah, we hit...
I beg your pardon?
It was a girl.
Oh, thank goodness.
Yeah.
Oh, but it's only a minister anyway.
It's not a priest.
Oh, we got the latest update on the priest's situation
from ABC News.
Got lots of heavy-newly stuff today.
We don't want to put a lot of pressure on you.
We had one call so far.
It was a winner.
Let's quit one more time.
One for one.
Let's quit right now with a phone.
After the last couple of days.
Well, there's half of the town is gone, you know?
Well, look at that.
There's city pulses,
athlete of the week.
Holy crap.
What the hell's his name?
27 after 10 at 5, 60 WQM,
VIP sportsbook.com is South Florida's best sportsbook.
You know, this time in the year,
with football underway right now,
will be some teams are playing.
Some haven't really started yet.
They're supposed to, but they haven't started yet.
Every sportsbook out of the sun is advertising,
shouting, and you only make all kinds of bogus claims.
But 99% of these bookies,
you'll find them.
Maybe you'll find them in the jungles of Costa Rica.
They're hiding under those under the lush tropical forests.
This year, move up in class to VIP sportsbook.com.
People you can trust.
The oldest and largest sportsbook in the world famous Netherlands.
100% legal in license as well.
So if you want to make sure that you get a square deal
and that you know where your money is,
and that you wind up getting it,
call VIPsportsbook.com right now.
1-866 VIP bets are log on online.
Because VIPs sportsbook.com is South Florida's
very best you can trust them.
Sign up right now.
You can bet all the South Florida football
and basket ball teams free juice free all year long.
You want to bet on the dolphins?
100 to win 100.
You want bet on hurricanes?
100 to win 100.
So forget about the vigorous.
All sunups get a 20% cash bonus.
Not some stupid funny money match play bonus.
You get the real deal.
The emis as they say in Nigeria.
VIPsportsbook.com is at Niger.
I'm sorry.
VIPsportsbook.com.
That's how you find them online or call them toll free.
1-866 VIP bets.
That's 1-866 VIP bets.
Be sure you mention you heard about here on
Crusty QAM,
home of the clearance fraternity.
VIPsportsbook.com,
where you be the VIP.
VIPs.
I am low.
This is which way you'll bite to be the QAM.
By James C. Moore, Eric is the best.
It's already up there on our website.
Be afraid.
Be very afraid.
OK.
I don't like all the hard burn.
Don't don't.
Every time.
I see.
That three-hearted dimwit.
My TV.
He's president from
Repel against muscle.
I don't know why they won't want this.
What President thumb ****?
Oh what I get too.
Got one small
Yet you'll want this.
Stupid
I'm this drunk in which he is
Even
He's president
Yeah, don't care what it's up
You got a man by hooker broth
I know
You and I will have no fear
We've got a great leader here
With president dumps
You know, when he did that
To try to pedal to some world crap
And try to like, uh, undo some of the harm
Or just a racquet pack on Sunday night
I didn't watch it of course, but they showed the clips
And from the moment he walked out
He had that bewildered deer in the head like looking
And then he starts like blinking
It's like blinking, and then not or whatever the thing is
It's like, there's a nod to clue
They flutter
He's got fluttering blinking eyes
Man, who is this man kidding?
How is it possible that there were any of you no matter how partisan you are politically
Could be bush liquors at this point, huh?
Other than maybe self-hating little fags like Ms. Fudge
And his little girlfriend and coater that frustrated old bitch
But other than that, and Bob Novak of course, who's got a guy named, uh, I think he's a card-carrying member of the Nazi party
But other than that, that's with a small n
Or is it with a big n?
See, Hitler's filmmaker dies, he was 101
Oh yeah, nobody cares
Oh, how many of these pre-stories are you gonna send me my god?
Here's the poll for you day by the way before we get married in a sea and don't let me forget
Bush aides admit Iraq missteps
Oh, that can't be true, can it?
Made mistakes?
One day after President Bush gave the nation a cautious view of rebuilding efforts in Iraq
Senior Administration officials for the first time yesterday
acknowledged that they vastly underestimated the damage to the country's infrastructure
And greatly overestimated the amount of oil revenue that could be used to help rebuild the war-torn country
Yeah
Yesterday sobering announcements came as members of Congress are contemplating
El President's request for $87 billion to stabilize Iraq and Afghanistan
And calling to question earlier pronouncements by administration officials about the size and cost of this job
The disclosure is coming on the heels of Bush's prime time address marked administration's strongest acknowledgement to date
That it failed a fully comprehend the complexities of rebuilding Iraq. This was gonna be a cakewalk
You know a good PR mefer. Hey look at this we're fighting terrorism
Of course, you know there aren't no terrorists there that we need to be worried about. They got nothing to do with us
But nevertheless we're fighting terrorism. It's part of the war on terror in all his crap
It's a shameful fruit
And in the meantime like I said the 87 billion out of all you we got kids we can't even have kids go to school for high school for four years anymore now
Which we'll get to that eventually today
Oh yeah, let's just skip senior year we can have more and more on Zot
We can't even in four years educate the kids so let's do it like in about a week and a half would be good. Look at all the money we'll save
So we can get all the backtelling halibut and that sounds good
Maybe we can revive Enron again for Kenny boy, Kenny Lay
What do you say Kenny Lay?
It's criminal. This the impeachment proceeding should be underway now as I speak
You're talking about a country that was whipped up into a frenzy about a couple of blow jobs and here's a guy who is lied who is who is slaughtered
Countless thousands of innocent people in Iraq who is who is set up for human sacrifice hundreds and hundreds of young American people
Without having any plan any clue any follow through who snubbed his nose at the rest of the world
Well, we're gonna go in there us in the brits of course because we got naked pictures of Tony Blair in a goat
We're gonna go in there. We're gonna do our thing in scrawl
You're either with us or against us. So it basically sets us up into brits in a bunch of little countries that nobody ever heard of before and that's it against the rest of the civilized world
And now that we're up to our ears in debt that we realize that we're up to our noses in the crack we can smell it
Well, we need some help. What do you think and they're running to the you win?
Running to the freaking you win, which we said was it was going to trivialize itself by failing to pass that resolution to support our Iraq attack
Our illegal attack on a sovereign country. We don't need them now. We don't need nobody else, but now all of a sudden we need them all we changed their mind can you help us out?
For all times sake. Yeah, you know, remember old Europe and new Europe and in other words anybody who's with us is new Europe and a boys against us is old Europe
You know in small countries like France Italy Germany these right yeah fastered
Anyway, here's the poem see you can let me get all whipped up to a friend. Look at all the response on the phone near nothing
That's okay like I said we have one great call. That's it. So we need got me rolling. I'm a mullin. I'm just I'm rolling. I'm just like CCR rolling. I am I'm doing it. I'm rolling one right now big fat one.
I think I'm gonna smoke it right during the show today the hell of it. Hey you can't I can't that's right. I can walk out on the street and smoke it here. They don't give a flying crap. We don't have the guy named pot police here.
We don't have the we don't have the fag police. We don't have all this other crap. We don't live in a country here in Canada where we got a bunch of repressive Nazis running a country.
How do you like that? Hey. Take your pipe and smoke it and stick away to Mondo and shine clear and rock. Don't robber creepers at. We already did.
What's getting pretty crowded in there?
What's your take on this Thursday's two year anniversary of 9 11? It's our poll question today. By the way my weight is 186.7. Start right in my way down even though it has nothing to do for balance for life for them up here. They have a similar program here. It's not not their company. It's another one with the same thing.
But I'm not doing that. But anyway 186.7. Start keep a track of my weight or really hell with a beast. He can go to hell. How many times can you try to help somebody out? You know what I'm saying?
But we're already up to about 40 with him. Came in today hops on the scale and gained three pounds. You're hopeless. Okay. We don't like you beast.
He's for real hates you like boys wants you off the show. I think you ought to go to a loat with parents and Robert Gryper. You have a three way. Eat everybody pick a hole.
What are you laughing about? Fish and hole. Pick it. It's like when you go into a new place of work. Everybody pick their own orifice.
What's your take on this Thursday's two year anniversary of 9 11? That's our poll question today and it's only two days away by the way. I don't want to get anybody nervous. I mean there's some people have started.
Get a real hysterical. You know just because there are a lot of evil doers out there looking to do us bad. Okay. Here's your five choices so far. I think I covered. I touched the bases. We'll see.
Bad Schmidt will happen. Nothing will happen. I won't travel that day. I'm staying close to home all day or what? Me worry. That's what I voted. It's me too.
What's your take on this Thursday's two year anniversary of 9 11? We got the so far 76 votes been up there a few minutes. Nothing will happen.
39. What me worry 27? I'm staying close to home all day for. Bad Schmidt will happen three and I won't travel on that day three.
And I'm assuming when they say won't travel. I'm not talking about going in a car and going to the supermarket like that. You know on your list. I know there are people who will be under the god damn bed. You know what I'm saying? No question.
There'll be a bunch of pussy's clearance will be under the bed probably with the beast and robber creepers.
My mind and local. Your sports video 560s you a.m.
And now on the campaign trail with George W. Bush.
Today America's candidate addresses the unionized workers at South Carolina's turbine town factory. Right to be here in Nevada.
South Carolina Nevada. I want to be your president because I can relate to the ignorant blue collar worker. Don't say that. The ignorant worker all over the world.
Hey Bush, what are you know about working? I never have worked today. My entire life hands smooth silky palm olive. You're soaking in it.
Let's go to the next question. Yo, man. Yes, sir. Yeah, well you go.
Good question. Important substantive marijuana legalization. No, absolutely not cocaine. Yes.
I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that.
I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that
for a long time now or you think you think you think you think you think you think you think you think you think you think you think you think you think you'll be lying and we watch yesterday we say yesterday we say yesterday by the day at seven o'clock today closing the restaurant dishes is really nobuy, but that's not the end of Tuesday or Friday.
But that's not the end of Tuesday or Friday. Until Wednesday or Monday or Friday. I 한국 in London. Until Wednesday or Friday. I 한국 in London. Until Wednesday or Friday.
I 한국 in London. Till Wednesday or Friday. I 한국 ship is diese
this stage of the game to media continues sucking Bush ass.
It's just, it's just amazing.
Howard Dean came under fire yesterday from two rivals
with the Democratic nomination for saying
the US should not take sides in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
And somebody faxed and says, Dean just committed suicide
question mark, I don't think so.
No.
I think this is somebody that has the balls.
Five days after Dean told supporters in New Mexico
it's not our place to take sides in a conflict.
Senator Jew Lieberman accused him of advocating
a major break from the as long-standing policy
of explicitly signing with Israel in the Middle East.
That's the biggest problem our policy in the Middle East.
How can you negotiate a settlement
when you're at one sided?
Of course, Jew Lieberman, he's got real credibility, don't you?
No.
No.
Why would you say that?
Oh, brother.
Put on the policies and go rap your fill in or something.
Whatever, no, go whale.
Get lost.
You go to the wailing wall.
President Bush is scheduled to be John F Kennedy
today to bring his first visit of Browitz
into the controversial 2000 election recount.
Part of a swing through Florida that's expected to raise,
oh, I said a million more than two million it says here.
For his reelection campaign, a million in Browitz
but two million during his swing, he's swinging it.
Bush will make a four hour visit to the Hyatt
Regency Pier 66 resort for a $2,000 a person fundraiser.
Kennedy 58 took over General Manager of the hotel
on Monday and quite pleased with his visit
coming my first couple of days.
He said local Republicans in hope to raise at least
a million dollars from 500 guests for Bush's reelection.
Oh, you know something.
If he gets reelected next year, that's it.
Terrible constitution burned the Declaration of Independence
and everybody just closed the doors on a way out.
I think they'll do it on a big assembly.
We are looking forward to contributing to the presence
reelection said William Sheerer, a four-law today
a lawyer and want to several fundraisers who
organized today's four-law today a event in Republicans
hope to raise another million dollars earlier
than they in Jacksonville in Duval County,
a real Yahoo redneck nose picking place.
Bush has made Florida priority since winning the state
by just 500 votes.
No, he didn't.
After a month-long recount in a court fight,
since his lackeys in the Supreme Court said,
oh, stop the counting.
It's getting too close.
He's visited the Sunshine State 16 times
since his election including major fundraisers
in Miami and Tampa since announcing
in the Spring Heat Seek Re-Election.
And on and on it goes.
Jim Lay at all, a spokesman for the BSO,
the anxious B.S.
Oh!
Wouldn't reveal what Rhodes Bush will travel on
or when he'll be arriving or leaving the hotel
for security reasons.
He did issue a warning.
When the president moves, we close roads
in front and behind him lay it all said,
anybody who has been in the area would be advised,
best advised not to be on the road
on the president's traveling.
Pier 66 is on the 17th Street Causeway
and the event is scheduled from 530 to 730 in the PM.
Both traffic will also be kept at the
bird's tenders pissed off about that.
Both traffic will also be kept away
from Pier 66 when the president's in the hotel.
Absolutely correct sir.
For Kennedy who said he gets kinded about his name
constantly, the president's visible being a
exciting way to start his job.
A veteran hotelier who wants managed
the bottom-entry resort in question,
Kennedy's met presidents before Bill Clinton
and Richard Nixon, yaddy yaddy yaddy.
How do you like that?
This article in the Sun Sentinel
by the anxious homophobic buddy Nevin's
that little piece of dirt who looks like he just jumped
out of a dumpster.
Looks like a weasel.
What's that word?
Hotelier.
Hotelier.
Don't tell your friends.
Embarrassing.
Anyway, don't forget to Bush farewell to
her O4 protest today at 5 PM at the
high hotel on Pier 66.
You're invited to wear a black shirt and bring
a white cross representing a soldier killed in a
rack and or a sign saying no more.
I think that would be appropriate.
No more bush.
Yeah.
Bush no more bush.
Enough with a bullcrap.
OK, enough with a killing.
I'm not making human sacrifices out of American kids.
No money for education.
No money for homeland defense.
All kinds of lies and bullcrap yellow alerts,
orange alerts flags and a sonet up and down the old
greased pole.
But in terms of really getting after al-Qaeda
really far apprehending Osama Yamama.
Can't do it can't do it, pal.
And now they also admit the other day which it was
on our website I ever talked about it.
They finally admit oh yeah, well we let the we
let them in lot in family to leave even all the
other air traffic was closed down four days after
nine 11, two years ago.
We let the we let them be spirited away to Saudi Arabia.
I mean God forbid we should ask them any questions,
right?
Well, we could call them up.
No, yeah, we can call them on the phone.
We could check about you have a little chat.
Go into chat rooms on the internet.
Yeah.
Any American public is buying this bullcrap.
There's anybody out there that's buying into the shame
on you, man.
Just like Michael Moore said at the Oscars shame on you.
It's bad enough that we shame on him,
but the fact that the public is buying into this crack.
Oh yeah, when you know Iraq,
they represented a real threat and they had all those
weapons of mass destruction.
The they did, huh?
Where are they?
Oh, here they're they're around.
Okay, let me just calm down so should we take a call
or two because we're already one for one?
Sure.
We should.
Here's candle. Hello.
Who's saying a politician?
He won for two like I said.
Here's a coconut grove.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I just want to go.
You know, I want to put my voice in because I say
what I think can happen in 9, 11, absolutely nothing.
What's going to happen to wake up?
The sun's going to be shining and the weapon of mass
deception will still be occupying our white house.
That's the problem we're going to have.
And they finally delivered shock and awe.
And $87 billion bill.
Yeah, I'm in awe of it and it is shocking.
You're right.
It is shocking.
I don't know.
It's amazing to me that the flush limbo of Sean Hannity
brigade is able to keep them marching clones going as they are.
But it's a stunning because they.
But when you watch those pull numbers dropping like a
boulder from a tall building, you realize that they're not
keeping the numbers what they were.
They're dropping big time fast.
I talked right to the chat room.
The other said that George Bush's approval ratings are
dropping faster than Drew.
I've a Ronald Reagan's chin.
What's that?
Don't get off.
I bet you Nancy wrote that.
OK, thanks a lot, fellow.
Oh, Nancy just say.
Oh, next time he starts making those valuable noises.
See, that's insensitive and bad.
Just because he's got Alzheimer's, then you're going to make
some kind of nasty crack about Charlton Heston.
You son of a bitch about Moses, you know, what about
Don't mess with Moses.
Oh, you heard me.
I beg your pardon.
He's going to heaven.
What can we do to it?
Former Naples priest faces criminal probe in Miami.
I won't get back to that one.
Let's do the other one first.
So many minister and priest stories and so little time.
You know what I'm saying?
I think I took that thing off of there.
I had to make room for some of the other stuff on my 360.
So now if I want to play this, I got to do that.
Well, it's on yours though.
Yeah, ain't it?
Because instead of that, I got all the crap you can unwrap,
all the slime, all the time.
I'm not.
So we got like mixed in match.
We got whatever we got.
Anyways, Dave County, a Florida minister is under arrest
and accused of using the internet to commit an unholy act.
Hey, police caught up with the preacher in South Florida
at AD Barnes Park.
This is in today's seven news, Channel seven news.
They have a lot of credibility.
At any rate, though, it's a real story.
When Walid Nasser, founder of a ministry in Tampa,
was not telling the church business,
police say he was online looking for underage sex.
Detective Juan Del Castillo of Dave Police
says he thought he was dealing with a 14 year old female
in this chat room.
He was actually dealing with one of our detectives
with one of our dicks.
How do you like that?
He thought he was dealing with some hot little 14 year old babe
and he's dealing with some dick.
40-year-old Walid Nasser was busted on kidney porn charges
after police say he used his home computer
to get in with young girls internet chat room
and lure her online for sex.
The indicator he wanted to have sex with this person,
he thought was a young girl, a 14 year old girl.
Investigators say Nasser, who lives in St. Petersburg,
arranged to meet the teenager at AD Doug Barnes Park
on Bird Road in 72nd Avenue.
I guess he wanted to show her his bird.
He drove all the way down from St. Petersburg
to meet her at this park and instead
we had a female detective waiting for him
and when he approached her we arrested him
and said Detective Castillo.
Nasser charged one kind of felony computer pornography
with the rest of yesterday last night released on bond.
Stay with Channel 7 News for more on the story.
It's his at the bottom of this because it's
on Channel 7 News website.
So obviously they're not gonna say,
turn over to Channel 4 because they got a better story
and they got better reporters
and they got Angela Ray Laffon or ASAP
or turn over to Channel 10 and see quite a lot of
the lick and anzans.
They're not gonna do that because they're gonna say
stay with Channel 7, right?
Right, because it's on their website.
Am I just rolling here like a lunatic?
That's great.
I'm on a fucking alarm clock.
You know the hell these, and at mouth breather
if Scott puts him on one more time
we're gonna put Scott in the middle of a circle jerk.
We're gonna make him the pivot man with clearance
and a beast on the outside running around the Robert Grieper.
Oh that's right, Robert wouldn't be doing something
like that, Robert's like a unique.
Robert doesn't have a penis.
He doesn't have a penis, he doesn't have a vagina,
he's just got a smooth spot.
He has, you know that.
In fact when I first came there he said,
oh Robert's abreast the border, he's an old smoothie.
Little did I know what they were talking about.
Robert Grieper, a man with no instrument.
Yeah they wanted him to play in a band when he was in school.
You know how a lot of the kids in a band
are really nerdy, but he couldn't play in a band
cause he had no instrument.
We hate you Robert.
We can't stand you in that temper tantrum
you threw into this morning.
Unacceptable, your ass is gonna be fired.
We're all gonna go around and say,
it's about time, maybe it'll send a message
like Joey Zaza, like those guys
who got shot in the Lanzas Barbershop,
send him a message.
He's gonna get a promotion.
You know something, when I get down under 180
which isn't that far away,
I'm gonna be so dangerous on this show,
I'm gonna have so much energy,
I'm gonna be so freaking dangerous.
Then they will fear me, you know what I'm talking about?
And now I'm just a dot ring old fat fat,
but once I get under 180 on the scales
and I start getting my blood sugar really under control
and I really little bit energy again,
then I'm gonna be really really dangerous.
Be afraid, be very afraid.
Absolutely correct.
Man, you know when a tent comes to have your carpets clean
and looking just like brand new,
like you just got new carpeting laid right on your floor,
dry concepts that a host you wanna call,
over 20 years they've been cleaning carpets in my houses,
my homes and my joints,
and they'll do the same for you,
a fantastic unbeatable job.
They dry clean your carpets,
nobody anywhere, any place does it in the universe.
It's an exclusive padded method,
and when they get done,
your carpets smell emity first,
they dry in a couple of hours,
they look just like brand new is laid on your floor,
and it's amazing,
they give you a written guaranteed price
before they start the job too.
Unlike most carpacliners,
where they have those per room scams,
all the other BS,
no BS with dry concepts,
just a stupendous job on your carpeting,
your drapes, your furniture,
your poultry, all whatever you want.
And right now dry concepts continues offering you
during these last weeks of summer,
a chance to say 15% on your next carpet cleaning.
Just call dry concepts toll free,
1-800-248-507,
one has to be put on their stand by list,
then dry concepts will call you next time
and they've got an opening in their schedule.
It's like when you fly standby,
it's the same deal.
If you're available when they have an opening,
they'll knock 15% off the price for you.
So call dry concepts today,
ask to be put on their stand by list.
When you decide to call,
they might even have an opening for you
the same day you call,
and they'll slug you,
be a 15% off the price of that job.
So if you want a fantastic job
at a guaranteed fair price every single time,
if you want your carpets looking and smelling
and feeling just like brand new,
it's a fraction of the cost,
call dry concepts 1-800-248-507-1,
or check them out on the web at dryconcepts.com.
My, my, and my,
and look all this is for real by city.
You ain't too way, yeah.
Hey.
Stench of power manure covers over this performance
by the golfers.
You never know when the power might go.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, no, dammit.
I was almost there.
This is the worst power outed in American history.
And we're at a battery.
What do I do?
What do I do?
Introducing the Hummer H3 Solar Powered Vibrators.
Oh.
Oh, that's it.
That's it.
How the world?
Need more power than you should get the Hummer H4
Nuclear Powered Kickstart Remote Control Vibrator.
Oh.
Oh.
Hummer, alternative energy vibrators.
They won't leave you and.
Love about 205 60 WDQ.
I'm speaking to the Hummer.
He'll be on right after the mad dog for this afternoon
in the studio making his presence felt.
You told me he lost a little bit of weight to Hummer.
That's what he said.
Well, I mean, not that's what he said.
I'm talking about if you've seen it.
What do you haven't seen him in a long time?
I see him every once in a while.
Well, you go to report tomorrow.
You'll measure his growth.
I got my ears.
Here's a call from Deerfield.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What we got here is a failure.
Yeah.
Failure to get rid of these chronic causes.
What we got here.
Okay, asshole.
You know, some of your scratches out there.
We see Mo was nodded because he was sick.
He had the crotch rod acting up again.
Go away.
Don't go away.
Man, just go away.
Scott, by the way, doesn't deserve to get paid yet.
At least start screening out of these bad voices.
See, if I'm clearance, I mean,
they're right now with the paperwork.
If I'm a clearance, I let go of the beast.
As just long enough to get the paperwork together.
Go in there and say, Hey, Scott, just fill out a couple of forms.
Here you'll reach on the next payroll.
That's what I'm doing.
But no, and you notice how you don't see clearance at all
because he's laying low.
He's standing because he's embarrassed.
He's humiliated because he's a bullcrap artist.
He's a little wannabe.
He's a little quiz, like a little sports nerd who's,
you know, like got a little fraternity of children there.
Here's hi, Alia.
Hello.
Okay.
See, we'll just run through these because there's no real calls on here.
Anyway, here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
When is this?
I'm not.
Okay.
Okay.
Let me ask a question.
Do you have a difference with your decor?
In the.
Okay.
Great.
Okay.
We'll do one more.
See, there's nobody got anything to say.
You know, all the stuff that I've been talking about.
It's the same old stuff in the first hour.
Nobody has anything.
Nobody cares.
Nobody's concerned.
It's just about to the usual jack balls that we got, you know?
Much of people try to be wise guys.
I think people that think they should have their own show.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
And what did I tell you?
Like weeks and weeks and weeks ago, even before all the summer stuff started.
If we're not sitting here building a pole.
Right.
Oh, well, I say Dracula.
I say, you know, one of those like we did yesterday was killed four hours easy.
We're not doing that.
These people got nothing to say.
And you wonder why the country's been taken over by a bunch of fascists?
Why you ask holes or asleep?
You wonder why?
Pretty goddamned easy if you ask me.
You can't complain about education in America because generally speaking there isn't any.
You didn't want a bunch of functional illiterates.
We're worried about a goddamn football game.
More than about, you know, what the hell's going to happen with their kids and with their lives.
And with their jobs and where their next paycheck is coming from, they don't give a flying crap.
That's what we're talking to every goddamn day now.
Okay, that's what we get on this phone.
They could take this phone and stuff it up clear and since it's a mess for my part.
Okay.
Because your calls generally speaking suck.
They blow, they bite.
I'm embarrassed.
I'm humiliated.
I'm degraded.
What did you have to see span in?
Right.
I'm sure you're right.
So you can humiliate and embarrass yourself.
But it calls, you know, all these brilliant calls we get from your people.
Oh, brother, your people.
If it isn't about alien or merisses greasy ass and they got enough of the say.
But they sure are supporting in Marlon.
Right.
Now it's the same.
Well, they've never going to change.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
See you.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, you know what's happening with all of fun here?
She's going to sue.
Yeah, I got it.
I got it.
I got the story.
I got it.
Listen.
And by the way, I just left you in your front counter the best of me on 95.
A whole bunch of brand new concerts for you to sell and Rick and so.
If you go, where did you get those?
We just know.
Yeah.
Well, if I'll give George my number because if I tell you now everybody will go out and get him and you will make any money for.
For your fundraiser.
Okay.
All right.
But I think I was just for you to know and for us to guess.
Well, no, I'll get it for you.
No, that's okay.
All right.
Okay.
Well, we appreciate it.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Don't hang up on it.
Why not?
I want to get his number.
Oh.
All right.
Hang on.
There we go.
Get his number.
You want to get his number for what?
To see what else he's got.
I mean, like drugs.
Okay.
He didn't say anything about having any drugs.
But if he does have any, by the way, George could sure use them.
He didn't say anything about not having any.
And probably Scott could use them too because he can't afford to buy his own drugs because that's what I'm on a paper.
No, seriously.
I'm tired of this crap.
You know, today is the day because I'm really wound up today.
I just, I actually have lost enough weight.
I could see my penis this morning.
I'm so excited about it.
Well, I'm not going to hire him now.
You're not going to hire who now?
Scott.
Why not?
Because he had that tip with Robert.
He had the tip with Robert?
They both had the tip with Robert.
Scott assembles up for Robert's music.
Right?
Well, who the hell is Robert to be telling for Raul to be telling a host what the hell music he's going to play in a guy named Redroin?
What the hell is that?
Got all mighty.
Who now has Robert freaking grippered that little piece of crap that quizzling that little bush looking idiot that's self-hating, oh god.
Piece of turd.
You could smell him a mile away.
That's Robert.
That's Robert gripper.
Even a mad dog knows it.
You turd.
Right.
I flushed better crap down the bowls here last a couple of weeks than Robert gripper is.
This is the problem.
You know, you got a bunch of little quizzlings running around.
And they all got an attitude and they got authority.
Well, I'm not going to do that.
He's like a five year old child in the sandbox that kid.
How the hell old is he?
I would say.
Fuck three men.
And close to it.
There we go.
Yeah, get ready to get away.
He's like a five year old child, Robert freaking gripper.
What the hell kind of a place is that?
I heard about that.
You got a guy like Ferrell and he was worked in New York.
He's worked in Atlanta.
He's working like big markets.
He's like a real broadcaster with a scratchy voice.
But he's a great guy.
And I'm going to have big numbers for us.
He's already got to that morning goose stuff in spite of his leading.
And what is he has to contend with some little childless crap?
First thing I do is I get this asshole out of here.
Okay.
Put a guy down producer in here, a board off who, you know,
without an attitude.
V-O-W-A.
Remember Larry Voa?
No.
Yeah, B-O-W-A.
A board off without an attitude.
That's right.
That's what we need.
Less attitude and more work.
That's what we need.
More cooperation.
Instead of having to fight against some little...
Yeah, I don't want to.
I don't want to.
That's him.
That's Robert Creeper.
Like a five-year-old child.
You know what I'm talking about?
It's the truth.
Yeah.
Can't even speak.
He's like, he's like some kind of a...
Like a spaceship landed and he crawled out.
Like somebody scraped the barnacles off the bottom of the ship
and he like, top to the guy down top.
With all the scum over him.
He ought to be like that boy in a bubble.
Remember that?
And then he should be in it.
Because he doesn't...
He's like anti-social.
Just the ambiance of his whole existence is like anti-human.
So we have to like put him in a plastic bubble.
I don't want to burst his bubble, but nevertheless.
We hate you, Robert.
You make us sick.
God.
I already got forced again.
I don't think he's even really Jewish.
There's not many, huh?
Here's a call from Northgate Village, hella.
Hey, Newhouse is going.
Pretty good?
I am pissed off and fired up, man.
I've only got a candidate that is worth the crap, you know,
with Howard Dean.
You don't win the nomination after all it's said and done.
And you continuously have the media with the right hand.
Right wing, forcing it on our face like Rush Limbaugh on ESPN.
I mean, what is this all about now?
Well, what I don't think that the people who are watching Rush Limbaugh on ESPN
are going to bother voting the next November.
I don't think you have to worry about that.
But they're forcing it down.
They're too busy drinking it.
Part of why is it?
They don't care.
But I don't want to see Rush Limbaugh on my football.
Yeah, I'm going to watch them watch the pregame someplace else.
That's the point.
Don't watch ESPN pregame.
If everybody turns it off, then Rush Limbaugh will be gone just like Dennis Miller.
But it's not until battle anyway.
I mean, you get all these other, you know, MSNBC and CNBC, you know,
with their agenda.
Yes, with the Bush-looking agenda, with this super patriotic flag waving
where Fred is hello to the administration and Jenny, you're right.
Exactly.
And that's what I want in the CBC now.
And then we'll see, and he's true to all mentions.
There you go.
But he finally said it, man.
He finally said where everybody's thinking.
We have no business being anywhere over there, whether it be Israel,
whether it be Iraq, we just said it.
That's right.
I give him credit.
He's got the balls.
He's not going to pander into the Jewish lobby or anybody else.
He's telling it exactly like it is.
And that's what I've said.
We ought to be right down the middle.
There's no reason we should even be involved because there's no our legitimate interest to have
nothing to do with the Israelis and the Palestinians.
Let's, they want to keep killing each other.
More power to them.
Have a good time.
Exactly.
And then you would know what?
5,000 years.
We thought our last night was just even to, or he had the balls for a little bit.
But it looks like Dean's really going to come through with him long run.
And I hope he wins the election.
I hope the people really wake up and get with him.
And that's all I got to say.
Take a take.
Amen.
Thank you, Paul.
God bless America.
And that sounds good.
God bless America.
God bless America.
He always mumbles.
Oh, gee, all of these.
Oh, there's so many of these priests and charmelisting things here.
It's unbelievable.
I can't stop.
It's how you can't stop.
Unbelievable.
I know that they obviously neither can David Paul.
David, by the way, got his finger caught in where that whole where his brain used to be.
It's a man.
Greg.
Maybe they can like meet in the middle because Greg got the finger caught in where his, but his holes at the top.
See, David, it was up through the nostril.
If you're underpaid over works like poor Scott, they're a vendor.
Appreciate it.
If they feed like some kind of a limbing like the furniture.
If you're sick and tired of that, how about getting a new high-paying career?
And you can do it before the year's end.
Even though it's already September.
Call Fast Train toll free at 1-866 Fast Train because they can have you trained and certified before the end of the year.
The demand for computer professionals continues to grow.
So there's no better time than right now to get you a new high-paying computer career.
Get you some skills.
Get a big paycheck.
Get a life.
Fast Train offers job placement assistance, convenient evening weekend schedules.
And now with six Florida locations, four in South Florida, there's probably one very close by you.
Pick up the phone and call Fast Train today.
They offer your financial assistance to people to quantify as well.
1-866 Fast Train.
There's no excuse to say you did end job another month.
Check them out of the web at fast train.com and then call 1-866 Fast Train.
Get you some skills.
Get a career and get you a life.
My life and local.
This is 4-3-0-560.
We'll see you in a few days.
We'll see you in a few days.
We'll see you in a few days.
We'll see you in a few days.
We'll see you in a few days.
We'll see you in a few days.
We'll see you in a few days.
We'll see you in a few days.
We'll see you in a few days.
We'll see you in a few days.
We'll see you in a few days.
We'll see you in a few days.
We'll see you in a few days.
But I'm afraid that the line won't be very long.
We'll meet again with a hope that my bed
Civil rights will be restored one sunny day.
We'll meet again if we don't find a bed.
We'll meet again with a hope that my bed
Civil rights will be restored one sunny day.
I sure hope I didn't do a Schmidt can.
I think about the big protest that's supposed to be taking place tonight.
It looks like a Schmidt can.
I saved it.
OK.
I saved it.
I'll let you read it later.
Over and over and over again.
A view settlement terms reached.
I should have had to sign a last hour.
But we had so many important call to take.
ABC News has learned that the Boston Arts High School
has reached a tentative settlement
with more than 500 victims of petafile priests.
The settlement terms total 85 million
with each victim to give between 80 and 300 grand,
depending on the length and severity of views,
but how long it was.
For the settlement to go into effect,
80% of the victims have to agree to the terms.
It's expected that the announcement of the settlement could be made as early as 11.30 AM,
which is about 13 minutes and 10 seconds from now.
Not to be too precise.
Bishop Chano Mally, who was installed in July as the new Bishop of the Arts High.
She was personally involved in the final talks,
which took place Sunday and Monday.
In fact, I had an earlier story that they were like secretly having these talks.
Yeah.
Remember that? How much shall I pay you?
Remember that inzo?
It wasn't inzo the bigger was who was it?
The undertaker.
Now the undertaker.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
How much shall I pay you?
That was the opening scene for crying out. What's wrong with you, man?
I'm slipping.
You're slipping, man.
Just like they've done.
The down all the respect was slipping.
How much shall I pay you?
It was...
Oh, the undertaker.
Oh, the undertaker.
Come on.
Bishop Chano Mally, Yariani.
O'Malley, Paula H. H. Hattigan, Jr.,
lead attorney for the Arts High,
sees Joe Mars Jr.,
and the Gordon Fraser Jr.,
with mediator Paul Finn of Commonwealth Midd...
and Walter Ross Jr.,
of Commonwealth Mediation and Consoliation of Brockton Mass,
from conduct of the settlement talks,
with a steering committee of lawyers representing the victims,
the church's initial law proposed last month was 65 minutes.
And then they said,
not any good enough, how about 85 minutes?
Okay.
That's what they said.
Okay.
Okay.
As they try to squeeze in every dammit,
I can't out of these child molesting,
grave robbing, lying, and thieving bastards.
These phony baloney, tax-free elunatics,
raping and pillaging the world
for their own fun and profit and whatever.
Hanky, punky.
And...
Church worker,
charged with abusing eagent team.
Where in hell is eagent?
What, oh, Minnesota?
This is from the start tribune,
the Minneapolis.
A 30-year-old youth director
was charged with sexually abusing an eagent teenager.
He met through church.
Roger McFarlane, a student from Trinidad.
Oh, look out for those Caribbean perverts,
man, they're the worst.
Huh?
Yaman.
And not only that, but they smell bad.
Yaman.
Was booked in the Dakota County Jail Friday,
after being detained earlier in the week
while attempting the inter-Canada by vote,
eagent police said,
attempting to enter Canada, and we said,
no.
Go back, eh?
McFarlane was charged with a 30-degree criminal sexual conduct.
I wonder who smells worse, those of Pakistani people.
Pastor Roland J. Wells Jr. said McFarlane was working
as the youth director at St. Paul's
of Evangelical Lutheran Church in Minneapolis until,
last week, when the allegations surfaced,
McFarlane was fired.
McFarlane, whatever his name was.
According to the criminal complaint,
the boy who was now 16 had multiple sexual contacts
with McFarlane in Dakota,
Ramsey and Hennepin counties
when the boy was 13 to 15 years old,
he had multiple orgasms.
McFarlane also provided alcohol and tobacco to the boy,
and showed him pornography to complain to him.
How do you like them, apples, huh?
The search warrant affidavit includes information
about alleged earlier incidents that are not cited
in the charges.
The church had been sponsoring McFarlane
because he was an international student studying
at Metropolitan State University,
planned to start the seminar next fall.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
He was arrested by Canadian Immigration
Official September Turd, after trying to vote across
rainy, river near international falls,
and they nailed his Trinidadian ass.
How do you like that?
He was trying to be a Canadian,
but they nailed his Trinidadian ass.
Now, for how many of these are there?
About third, man.
God.
Willi Romero, the former Naples Florida priest accused
of sexual misconduct in three parishes across South Florida,
is under investigation now by Miami prosecutors
for possible criminal violations involving a 10-year-old,
altar boy.
How do you like that?
Huh?
It's just teenagers.
A 10-year-old, altar boy.
Barney.
What's your hope for no other boy?
I'm a Catholic.
No.
There's an open investigation on him,
said David Mayer, an assistant state attorney who handles
sex crime prosecutions in Dave County.
Romero, 66, was sued and laid
June by a 38-year-old New York man who contends
Romero raped him in 1975 inside an orifice
at St. Augustine Catholic Church in the Gables
and Coral Gables.
Are you ready for them, apples?
No.
Soon after that alleged encounter,
Romero was sent to a St. Ann Catholic school in Naples
where he was youth pastor and,
well, that's always good.
And a catacasian teacher for less than a year
before he had another transfer,
his fourth and nine years off a lot of transferring
going on there.
You know what I'm saying?
Back and forth side by each up and down in and out.
At St. Ann Romero used church rituals
while molesting his victims in the church rectumry.
Back them!
Two former students have told the Daily News
in firsthand accounts.
This is the Naples Daily News,
a prestigious publication of ever there was one.
And two weeks ago, the former priest who resigned
from the clergy earlier this year in the midst of an internal investigation
by the Roman Catholic Dyshees of Venice, Florida,
was sued by three siblings who alleged sexual abuse occurred
while he served that same Joseph the worker,
Catholic Church in Morehaven, from 1982 to 1989.
You know where Morehaven is, don't you?
Yes, I do, been there.
When you take that shortcut across to the alley,
and you go through Morehaven,
you'll have to take it.
That's an innocent child molesting priest.
While the church near Loko,
while at the church near Lake Okitobi,
Romero organized a week-long boat trip from Palm Beach to Miami,
according to the lawsuit filed by the two brothers and their sister,
on that trip, Romeo co-voted in the nude
while his victims took photos of the priest.
He also started molesting the girl who was loving the suitcase.
So at least he spread it around.
He wasn't just picking on the ten-year-old little altar boy.
Lots of relief.
Huh?
He was kind of like Clarence.
He'd stick in any office that he could.
When West Palm Beach attorney Jason Weiser went to prosecutors
with the complaint,
he said he was told that illegal sexual mutation
prevented a prosecution of the decades old abuse under state law,
sex abuse charges involved victims who are minors but older than 12 generally,
must be fouled in three years.
And it goes on and on.
It's a very long story, the second page of which I never got,
but that's okay for the two of us.
How do you like that, apples, huh?
A lot of apples, I keep saying that,
and the reason being that I like a good apple now and then.
Cold.
Yeah.
I heard them tell about it.
I heard it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless life.
California crowd hostile to Maria Schreiber.
How do you like them, apples?
Good.
Oh.
Man.
A lot of crap going on baby.
Lots and lots of crap in a good old USA.
And the public is going,
boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, like that.
But the good news is that slowly but surely,
there are more and more people waking up every day, you know?
Like a little light bulb went off.
Like right on top of the head, like Ron Reagan used to say for GE.
That's it. Like a little bell started ringing.
Oh, guess what?
There's some heavy-duty crap.
They've been lied to like crazy.
And they're like fleecing us all kinds of money
and they're giving tax cuts to the rich.
And all of our tax money is going like this phony baloney war.
And killing all of our kids.
And butchering thousands of innocent people.
Oh, look at this.
A parent suicide bombing your army base in Israel.
Oh, how unusual.
I'm shocked.
Like I've said for years, let us get the hell out of there.
Let's start taking care of really important business.
Instead of pandering to this group and that group and this lobby and that,
let's start taking care of our own business.
In fact, if we to keep their nose out of there for a long time,
it's going to be butchering each other up and nothing any would be any different.
If it said we'd be a hell of a lot less aided, then we are right now.
If you catch my grip, I caught it.
Here's the call from Delray Beach. Hello?
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Okay.
You know, this is just an opinion of a guy.
I'm somewhat conservative, moderate.
And I supported the war and I were active at the beginning.
But now I tell you, when you look at retrospect, I don't care how you look at it.
The fact is that the United States got sucked in by Saddam Hussein.
So bad.
We were this whole thing about weapons, demands, destruction, and all that.
How they really aren't there.
And he had us all of our intelligence totally duped that it is there.
And we look like a bunch of people.
No, no, no, no, no, you're wrong.
He didn't have anybody to.
We knew that it wasn't there.
We had Zidians reports that we knew that he didn't have any weapons of demands, destruction.
The inspector's told us that, huh?
Wouldn't they, I mean, wouldn't that be so stupid to know that and then go in there and do this anyways?
Knowing that you're not going to find anything.
Sure, I hate to burst your bubble because you sound like an intelligent guy, but they lie a lot.
Just like LBJ lied about Vietnam and just like the media helped him out.
The same thing here.
The exact same thing.
The administration lied in the media.
With MSNBC and CNN Operation Iraqi Freedom and all these other, and then they had the big wall on MSNBC.
All the heroes coming back up.
Hearts and flowers flying to flag, playing the hearts and the stars and stripes forever at a violin.
You know, the American people have been led down the garden path they lied.
And now they're caught up in their own lies and they have no way to extricate themselves from it.
This is a quagmire that we're in now.
Oh, there's no question about that now.
The people that you've got to feel sorry for are the troops over there that are getting, you know, blinded.
Exactly.
And how come this war on terrorism, how come Al-Qaeda is stronger than ever?
And we still haven't got Osama, and he's still making up video and audio cassettes and threatening to do this and do that.
You know, something, one of these days they will do something else.
And in fact, they've been doing it all over the world.
They've been doing all these things.
And it's just a matter of time before they do it on US or again.
I agree with that before.
I think that there's a fact that we're over there now is exactly what Saddam is saying.
We wanted that.
That's why he's hiding out now taking pot shots.
Because this is the only thing that's...
He wanted, in fact, after we went into Iraq, the anti-war people were taking out as in a paper with a picture of Osama saying,
thank you very much, Mr. Bush, for doing exactly what I wanted you to do.
Yeah, absolutely.
And now you notice that we do all of these militant terrorist groups into Iraq who weren't there before this war, before the attack.
And we've made it a hotbed for terrorism, was it wasn't before?
What a concept.
But you don't even think that even if the higher up in the Bush administration had it to do what we're getting,
if they would not do it, if they knew it would be outcome was going to be?
Not if they knew they were going to get caught with air, just like Tony Blair with their pants down.
And it's heavy duty, man.
It's how you have to be terrible.
Amen.
Hi.
Hang in there.
See, there's a guy who, you know, just conservative moderate, he and kind of vote for Bush, you're going to even have to ask him.
No chance.
No way, Jose.
We got over a year.
We have over a year for the public to wake up to see how they've been just snookered head.
And yet in spite of that, like I said yesterday, 69% of the late is full, 69% of the American people, the Dodo birds out there,
think that Iraq and Saddam Hussein had something to do with 9-11.
Did they?
Absolutely nothing.
Zero.
Zipity Duda.
15-19 damn hijackers were Saudi Arabians.
There wasn't one Iraqi in the bunch.
They hated each other, but now they're buddy.
Now all of a sudden they have a common cause.
27 past 11 at 5, 60 WKM, are we going to change the world on this show?
No.
But at least I'm not going to get out of my system.
Okay, I'm going to get you raccolate.
Oh man.
How low can those interest rates go?
That's probably what Todd Drek is wondering what now.
Now the financial group is doing the limbo rock under the lowest B Finance rate.
You ever be here enough.
1.95% sounds damn good.
And it's true.
Now you can refinance your home or buy you a new home and get a super low.
1.95% financing rate with a friends of financial group.
Call full free and check this out.
1-800-940-LIN.
If you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate, you ought to be called net number.
1-800-940-LIN.
To talk about savings, if you have a $100,000 loan, your payments are only $368 a month.
If you have a $200,000 loan, your pay only $736 a month.
It's outstanding.
It's amazing.
So call financial group.
Toil free, you got nothing to lose.
1-800-940-LIN to get the low low rate you've been searching and praying and hoping for 1.95% all time lows.
Call right now and get this stupendous 1.95% rate from financial group.
1-800-940-LIN.
That's 1-800-940-LIN.
The B.S.E.M.D.
mentioned Todd Drex, the Renegal Housing Monitor.
Credit Restrictions apply rate subject change monthly 5.19 APR.
5.6.
This is 5.60.
The rate is all yours.
You ain't.
He started out a regular guy.
Who joined the directory.
Welcome.
And made the ultimate sacrifice and bracing celebrity father to.
Or amen.
Fun, home and food.
Fun, fun, father of youth.
All three boys a day.
As time went by, his earthly needs compromised his choice.
He found the way to get really by altering young boys by the road to.
Hey man.
Fun, home and food.
Fun, fun, father of youth.
All three boys a day.
He was happy and gay till he got caught by some cattle sale.
Then the Vatican paid.
Everyone off and he didn't have to go to jail.
Father of youth.
Amen.
Fun, home and food.
Fun, fun, father of youth.
All three boys a day.
They sent him to a priest retreat where they can you flex and pray.
If it was you or it was me, they'd lock us up and throw the keys away.
Father of youth.
Amen.
Fun, home and food.
Fun, fun, father of youth.
All three boys a day.
Fun, home and food.
Oh, amen.
Fun, home and food.
Fun, fun, father of youth.
Vocal Brian, a kind of genius.
A man with a whip that's so great that it's immeasurable.
You know what?
He's the best.
1133 at 560 W.
Q.M.
So somebody sends us a car to and here's a priest at the World Conference of clergy speaking.
You notice the other two priests who look under the face of their stigaring.
Yeah.
He says this morning we'll discuss the very serious issue of child molestation.
How can we keep doing it and not get caught?
This is obviously from Hustler.
Absolutely correct.
All right.
Nice go on pops.
How can they keep doing it and not get caught and very easy?
Because they'll put out a big dog and pony show like they didn't Dallas a few months ago.
Was it was last summer, right?
Right.
Time flies when you're having fun with little boys.
And they put on a dog and pony show it all.
Well, this has to be stopped and they have a resolution saying this.
Of course they put me while he's more concerned about stopping those gay marriages here in Canada and Europe.
All these things, you know, to ruin the world.
That's right.
That's the kind of stuff he's worried about.
Because then he's afraid of things a lot.
That's a switch guard will find you know fall and love and it'll like all the little abandon them.
The switch guard, you know, always real hot looking young guys that have to meet certain standards, have a certain penis length.
Even they even measure their force can I understand.
That's why they call them the switch guard.
Anyway, here's the fact that says I'm astonished by this because I've had no complaints about our internet connection.
The whole thing with our streaming on the internet, I don't even know how it works.
Are we still we're still cutting out the spots, right?
We don't know.
I don't know.
It's something's happening.
Well, that's great.
I think they hear this.
I mean, our highly, highly, highly attended and viewed and checked out website.
We ought to have a little more input and output and I mean, Eric's doing a phenomenal job.
He got that story that James C. Moore's story on air.
In fact, then you can say douchebag.
Well, remember, he said you can say, be an aboeu a revive him.
The internet, you think we ought to have a be an aboeu a revival?
Are we already did?
Yeah.
Anyway, go ahead.
You were saying the internet screen is not Eric's doing.
We're just talking about Eric.
I understand that.
I'm saying he's doing a great job on his end.
It's in the building there.
I know that.
And nothing.
So they're the ones that feed whatever it is that's happening.
So it's probably Bob, her move in George Corso teaming up to make it a piece of crap, which is typical QA style.
It's probably highlights of old Canes games.
No, but seriously, in other words, the brace, anybody who's listening on the internet,
please send us a factor, call or do something.
Okay, so we have some idea what's going on there.
Well, Eric listens on the internet.
Yeah, well, so what happens when we go into the commercial breaks?
For example, when I do a live spot, how does it, it doesn't automatically cut out?
What's, uh, I don't know.
What's the, huh?
They hear this.
Yeah, well, that's not bad.
It's their improvement over more.
Absolutely.
It says the internet connection your show has been terrible for a week.
It keeps cutting out every two or three minutes.
Regardless, I've been meaning to thank you for introducing me to balance for life.
I quit smoking tobacco this February game 20 pounds.
I've been on the balance for life for a month.
I already lost 10 pounds.
I'm paying good money and it's worth it.
I can't believe that losers like the beast, that fat little tub of crap
who's busy sucking clearances ass on what ever else he can suck,
refuse to take advantage of balance for life for free.
It says the money I'm saving from not buying soda and fast food and candy is also better from the program.
I'm renewing for the next month.
I'm going to look so good.
I'll be doing all sorts of hot people by Christmas, unlike the beast.
Excellent facts.
Keep it up, baby.
Keep doing it.
Let that little fat pig just stick in there with a human clearance.
Okay?
20 years from now, they'll be like a walking hand and hand on a beach with a tin cup.
Tragedy, pathetic.
He's off.
I'm going to tell, don't let me forget when Troy Stradford comes in tomorrow morning.
He's blown his last chance, his last opportunity.
Okay.
Now, if it's an embarrassment, it's a great sponsor.
A lot of people have done well with it.
The food is good and he's getting it for free.
This spoiled little rich kid with his rich parents who have spoiled him and they're doing to a fat little
whatever they have waddling, whatever he is, piece of mung.
And he doesn't carry.
He doesn't want to do it.
You know what it reminds me of?
What?
It's like a fat beaner boy.
It's the same thing.
How many times can somebody lead you down the garden pan?
About 30, man.
And you finally don't just say, hey, the hell would it get lost?
Well, we'll do it for somebody else.
I like to find somebody else in the building.
I'm not a fat boy because he's a lost cause.
I'll research it.
Because as soon as I say that, remember last time, as soon as I say we're cutting the beast out for the free food, there's fat boy.
Hey, Pally, I'll take it.
Yeah, of course, the only problem with that is he eats in addition to what he usually eats.
Hi, Pally.
See, that's not how it's supposed to work.
He eats the five, the three meals and the two snacks in addition to what he usually eats fat boy.
We call it the snack sack.
Yeah, I got a sack.
Somebody can snack on it, not him.
Don't even get near me.
Okay, don't get close.
Here's a call from the Redlands.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you, sir?
Okay.
I called to inquire about your ret.
The last Friday when you were talking about it, I couldn't get through.
Yeah.
And I have to deal with a ret.
You know, living on a farm twice a year.
Planting time and when it starts to turn cold.
Yeah.
And where there's one, there's many more.
Right.
Well, they caught eight and then they came back over the weekend.
They did the ceiling up the thing and they checked up there again and there were no more.
So they were produced like every month.
Like rats.
Like 28 days.
Is there something like that?
And it's scary.
And the ones we have out here are big old Norway rats.
And they're like eight inches long.
Geez.
And not including the tail.
So we all have.
I've been effectively been able to control them.
It was dry bait, not with peanut butter for crying out loud.
That's food.
They eat the dry bait and they go search for water.
So somebody called in the other day about the blue block thing that you put up there,
which I guess is what you're talking about.
You divide different configurations in pellets or blocks or whatever.
And warfarin was off the market for several years now.
It's back.
And that's the most effective point in the use.
Warfarin?
Warfarin.
Isn't that a blood thinner?
Yes.
And what happens is the organs of the animals collapse.
They go right.
Excellent.
And they literally poop their guts out when they die.
But you don't want them doing that up in the attic.
No, no, no.
They go outside for water.
Why?
They go outside and search for water and they poop their guts out literally.
And like there's all their spleen and all their rape like all of them.
Yeah.
And they get the greatest.
It's a horrible death.
It's a horrible death.
Good.
That's what we want for the rats is a horrible death.
But you don't want to put food in the damn attic.
No, because it's like a lore.
It's like a lore.
Yeah, exactly.
What happened to it here, I was making a house and I cut the screens down.
And blood, the black, where the grackles got in there.
And I put the screens back up and the grackles ate through the screens.
So I had to control that.
I had about three nests up there.
I had to go and get out.
It was horrible.
Life is a bitch.
Yeah, it's a horrible death.
You mentioned Bufotodes the other day.
That's a gunshot.
That's what I can call it.
I mean, if you live out on a country, you can do that.
Yeah.
But when you live in a house, you can't even with your gun.
You can't be gun.
You can't be so.
Yeah, you can be.
But they don't touch them.
But I'll tell you one thing.
I damn your lost a little blog about two or three times with those Bufotodes.
Bad news.
Well, good luck.
Good luck to us.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks, man.
There's a guy who has got his rat problem under control.
He's using Warfarin, man.
He's fighting Warfair against the rats.
So it's against the rats.
And of course, there's all different kinds of rats.
We got the right wing rats.
We got the religious fanatic rats, certainly most of the same.
And then we got the crawling oozing, sneaking rats.
Looks like we got them under control for the moment.
We'll see you with crispy critters.
And tell your friends at ATM to calm down a little bit, okay?
And I'll be calling the house and giving John a song in a dance.
Well, we feel we're so hurt.
We love ATM.
How many free plugs do we give them like every week?
But third, man.
Because we appreciate Steve and the ATM people do the best.
They're great, okay?
But he didn't know.
I left the card.
You misunderstood.
He thought they only liked the bug stuff.
And so we called it crispy critters people, you know?
And they do.
They put batter on them, which is really delicious.
In fact, you see that SARS-DM.
They got another SARS case in Singapore.
They're probably eating rats.
What?
They do.
They eat rats over there.
They do, man.
They do.
They absolutely do over there in Asia, different parts of Asia.
They eat all these exotic, you know, they cook out.
They put like, that's where he saw us and the kid Korean.
And then before you know, I think I got like some disease.
And they're spreading it around.
I say we just shut off all of Southeast Asia.
We don't let no more people in the Western hemisphere.
Okay.
Is that sound?
Okay.
Okay.
Let's.
18th of noon at 5.60 WQM.
The mad dog Jim Maddits who still whipped up and pissed off about that dolphin game on Sunday.
He'll be here at two, man.
Oh, I didn't hear him talking that much about it.
I heard him, I only listened to a few minutes.
He was going on about the Herakun game.
On the herak natuurlijk, he just wiII try to look at Philip.
Not on his vocals.
He's like Mike SeahEmplew had trawiI win on the show tonight.
AIlT
HumI
because you've got an ugly bald spot like the mole man.
And if you want to put a dead weasel or musk red on your head,
here's the answer for you.
It's the Charles Alfieur, a natural hairline system
the best in the universe using the latest technology
Charlie produces sensation results for guys who need a lot
or just a little more here with the most amazing natural hairline.
And what we call natural hairline, what that means is
it looks like real hair.
Now that's the difference, like real hair that's going out of your scalp
as opposed to an obvious stupid looking piece
or like a dead animal fell out of the ceiling on your head,
things like that, or like plugs in your head
that have the blood running down your forehead.
Mother, in business, I'm very important.
Blood.
Psycho.
Does anybody understand what this man is talking about?
In business for over 25 years working with a famous and infamous
everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee.
You wear the system for 30 days if you don't love the way it looks and feels.
If you're not getting hit at least 10-20 times a day, Charlie,
give you a full refund.
Did we get the answer on our website by the way on the streaming?
No.
Call today and take advantage of your $200 Neil Rogers discount
at the Alphierry Studios.
And don't forget, Charlie also services and repairs all types of hair systems
while you wait for only $25 or $30 to make some look a lot better by the way.
Call today and get your hair back in the start look and younger and better
than you dreamed you could again, guys.
Call 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413.
Or log onto their prestigious website, CharlesAlphierry.com.
We're supporting you 5-6-7-7-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
We're gonna say no, no, no, to expensive home furnishing feels feels feels feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel
feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel
feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel
feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel
feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel
feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel
feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel for a quick interview.
was in New York. It's where the Fags went nuts. Stonewall, he probably knows about it.
You don't want to know. You let him know. You think you know something?
You are the most clueless person when it comes to sex. You know Mr. Eden Asset. You have no clue.
You're clueless. It's not about factory now. You need to get around the world and say get
out a little more, okay? What I would do right now is pull a bank heist to something.
Get you some money and travel the world and see what it's really all about. You're so clueless.
It's sad. It's sad because you know you're a horny little back through. Can't get any at home.
But you know it's it's sad. Okay. If only Annamarie would come back from LA.
Here's one that's annual for only Shannon would come back. But I don't think you'd miss pass
up that opportunity this time. Not that you necessarily did last time but we'll never know.
Because George's wife listens to the show and they got enough problems already like that little kid
that he didn't want. Here's the fact that it says on am I contributing more to the problem? Huh? What? Oh.
Just trying to help you out. How come these phones are so weak now? We went through that little
flurry like people pretending they had something to say and I do got a couple of calls on here. I don't
care. I'm so used to it man. It's the same old pirates. Oh. Sound floor to the cesspool of the
universe. You can smell it. I crack open my window here. When the wind is blowing in the right
direction upstream I can smell that aroma. The cesspool that is sound floor to. Here's the
fact that says on the internet during your show we hear your live spot a quick QA near
Roger's bumper comes on and then silence until rejoin jingle in the comedy bit or just silence.
Well that's not good. The sounds of silence apparently during the rest of the day if
here out of QA message comes out of break commercial break silence. Sometimes the sports interview
is played which can get really ponderous if it's from a previous sports season like if it's
Larry Zonka and Jim Kik talk in a rick weaver it's a little bit dated. You know what I'm saying?
If it's like Bob greasy instead of Brian greasy it might be a little bit dated. By the way Brian
how's that thumb coming along? Thanks sweetheart. Poor Brian greasy he's fallen down.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. I can't wait for Thursday morning. I'm going to get up early
to let me forget so I can hear the J. Feedler show with Mojave David at 6 45 to 7 AM on Thursday
here to what that's going to be like. It's going to be a suck fest man. Absolutely. Get out the old
prep page for that one. Wow. Get out some extra supplies depositories for that deal.
As Mojave just sucks J. Feedler's ass Thursday morning. Well J we know if wasn't your fault the
team the defense played crappy. But Bob and everybody throws a dead quail at the end of the game anyway.
Here's the pull that we got going 300 votes what's your take on this Thursday's two year
anniversary of 9 11. Nothing will happen 175. What me worry 88? I'm staying close to home all day
14. I won't travel at day 12. Bad Schmidt will have it only 11 people are concerned that bad
Schmidt will happen. You don't think the American public is complacent doing it. Just because it's been
almost two years now. It's the first grotesque episode. And just because we're spending billions
and billions and billions of dollars in a guide them efforts to try to put the pieces back together
again. And we had no business being there in the first place. Man it's unbelievable. It's
criminal like I said the impeachment proceeding should be underway now. Forget about a couple
of blow jobs. We're talking about blowing people up is what we're talking about. impeachment right
now. Okay get the real elected president in there. Let's you know let's go back a couple of
years. He may as boring as he is. I'd rather have boring than this. You know what I'm saying?
Absolutely. I think you do. Dangerous. Here's moral gables. Hello. Why are you so miserable?
Two and a half words. Here's Halondale. Hello. Halondale. Hello. Yes sir.
Yes sir. This is Steve of a first time caller on the ex-over of Harnesway. Harnesau,
fine. What's the problem with Harnes racing? Give me a break. Okay. Let's add Dick Feinberg.
Put him up to that. Come on Dick. Quit thickening with our show. What are you laughing about? It's
true. That's the kiss of death. It's even worse than hockey. By the way I haven't seen the
rimers since they've been here. I have no idea when they're leaving but I hope it's very soon.
I thought they were positive. They were listening on the internet when I was ripping them and
asking you the day and deservedly so. I don't want to schlep them to Ruth Chris in this place
in that place and buy dinner for a whole bunch of their whole family and the strangers and that.
I'll pick and choose what I'm going to take the dinner. I'm sure it's going to be them.
I still can't get over that after you have to you constantly lose this enormous in my life like
a fortune. Not a small fortune but a big fortune and then you expect them to schlep you to dinners
and pay for it. That's not even Hutzbutt or they haven't invented the word yet to describe it
and whatever whatever ten levels beyond Hutzbutt is that's exactly what it is with the rimers you know.
Hutzbutt. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey Neil, a collection. It's a wine greasy's toe. That is dumb. You stupid dummy.
Yeah, it's just throwing out of stuff. You know what? You can break your toe fallen down too.
Who gives a crap? See that that's what these people are concerned about.
Brian Greasey is it is told is his thumb is it is the left nut? Who gives a crap? Okay.
Quick fallen down Brian. 5 6 7 0 5 6 8.5 6 9 another obnoxious New York bastard.
Many kick him off the streets of Brooklyn probably 20 years ago.
Comes down. It's probably panhandling right now. It's probably even out of the dumpster.
Here's the call from Bokeh. Hello.
And that's because the dumpsters are better than the rest of the South right now because that's
what everybody from New York thinks. Yeah.
Well, what about you know when they talk about $87 billion dollars years ago when we first started
giving contracts to companies to build things for us in privatizing all this.
Most of the government supposed to be like a nonprofit organization.
Out of the $87 billion how much of that is a profit going to whatever bushes buddies are?
How would the government the government is not only a nonprofit organization is a gigantic
losing organization with this gigantic deficit but the companies like backtell and halibut
and other ones that are making billions and billions and billions and they're laughing up their sleeve.
Hi. Well, what's that that's what this was all about.
It's the same thing as the Star Wars crap.
You know, so they can hand out these gigantic multi billion dollar contracts to all other buddies
in the defense industry. That's what it's all about.
But you have to get Randy Rose was getting people together to send packages of bandages
and sudden care of you know, sun tan lotion stuff to the troops over there because they wouldn't
provide anything to them. Yeah. You know, what kind of crap is that?
You know, they put that they get the kind of crap is that Randy Rose is organizing bandages
in the sun lotion? No, I mean, she was not a person.
Yeah, she's trying to provide her environment and stuff but no, she just having a rally today.
That's her doing that up in Fort Laundry.
We had that on. We had it on about 80 years. I wasn't listening to the whole thing.
It should be. I know. I apologize. That's okay. Don't do it again. Thank you.
You'll I won't put that in Fort Laundry again a couple of times. I said that she was going to be
there. I didn't bother with her thing and more power to her.
Good for her. Nice going, goddess. Whatever to hell your name is.
Right? Right? I got it. You got it? Well, after the end of the next hour and then again,
the one to two hour. We get what it's on the website too.
Maybe we can put it on a website to make sure everybody sees it and shows up there and let's
push know what the hell we think about him and his racket tack and ping all of the
billions down the toilet while the the rich get more and more tax breaks. It's unconscionable.
It's impeachable and a public is sitting back. It was Brian Grease's throw. It was his throw. You asshole.
But now you've been here about laminated to wrestling how laminated with flooring from laminated to
wrestling. The easy the low maintenance, the smart alternative to very expensive natural wood flooring.
Laminated to wrestling is the best place for you to find laminated with flooring from Peridor
Pergo Wilson Art Unifluor and Quicksett. They've got all the top names all installed by Pergo
certified in stars. Here's another reason why I'd be calling laminated to wrestling. The prices
are so low it'll probably flurry. You'll hit the floor right now you can get their September
kickoff special for just 1995 bucks. That's correct only 1995 gets you up to 380 square feet of
beautiful laminated wood flooring. It is positively unreal. Elaminates to wrestle match any legitimate
written offer to you can't beat him with a stick for a free and home estimate call laminated to
rust toll free 1 87777 3336. What could be simpler? They give you a free carpet disposal free
furniture moving a 25 year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy to take care of laminated
wood flooring call laminated to rust today toll free and tell me crusty old Neil Tordy to call
1 87777 3336.
This is Mark Morgan it's the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M. It's 11 30 in the morning you just
take in a 15 minute nap you won that game of dodgeball you've cleaned all the erasers recesses
almost over and you've just done duty in your pants it's no more time
hey what's this thumb not as tell you idiot I mean I was the other way around yeah 1203 nobody
cares okay 1203 at 560 WQ way and this isn't even a nooster anywhere I'd mentioned it before
there was the blurb was on there and explosion went off near an army base in central Israel
in Jerusalem today killing at least three people and injuring dozens police and rescue officials
be seen security sources said the attack was apparently carried out by a suicide bomber
I wasn't in the explosion occurred at a bus start near the Asaf Haforah hospital and the
Sephirim to Elinah or whatever it is you know the Tel Aviv suburb of Rishan let's you on see
well we don't need any go and we don't need any Jews we don't need any atheists we just need people
okay cut the crap that's the only hope for the human race okay is given of this foolishness
insanity you know the guy was talking about the rats puking their guts out from eating at the
war for any you know yeah you think that they're going to like rat heaven when they get done after
they puked their guts out all over the place lots of cheese and I mean what are we talking about
here I mean it there's just too much riding here on the future the whole god damn planet okay and
of course we know there's no such thing as global warming which is why 12,000 people just croaked in
France in 14,000 in Holland because of the fact that it's 125 degrees in the shade when it's
supposed to be about 75 you know there's that thing there's a great piece by the way if you go
to our bedtime stories today there's a great editorial in the New York Times today about George W. Bush
that's something that everybody ought to be required reading not to be forced to read it
and a public distance back like this keep a mock you pie keep them stupid keep a mock you pie
keep them busy keep them scrambling since Dick Nixon walked away where you've seen the pictures
when he got on that chopper yet he got on the top step yet he's like giving that salute you know
and that was it farewell audio sent up your ass since that day we haven't had anybody in that
oval or that oral office as anxious as this one and not just him because he's just a bubble head
he's just a frontman like they usually are but this group of right wing lunatic extremists that
surround him dangerous dangerous and out of control I think rumsfeld is like on the vertical and
over the edge yeah his performance in Iraq over the weekend was enough to scare to crap out of
everybody including the troops over there said hey don't bring him near us we don't want to hear him
speak we want to help we want to go to hell home or try to be in lied to not only is the American
public being lied to but the kids over there being lied to also in terms of how long they're supposed
to be there all right it's gonna be a piece of cake we'll go in there do a little cleanup we'll
turn it all over to the Iraqis we'll let them run their own country we'll have elections and all these
crap who are you kidding don't forget it's worth it it's all worth it yeah it's all worth it
because we're fighting that war on terror against the evil doers the most irresponsible
ministry and like the article that I read the one that we put on the website by James Moore I
mean Nixon you know so we lied about watergate and the dirty trickster with like yeah because he
was so paranoid and insecure and hated the media I mean he could have been beaten by government
this hands-by behind his back yeah but nevertheless so that's basically what that was all about
which isn't the only horrendous thing he did but nevertheless compared to this guy he was a
prince small potatoes he was small potatoes the transgressions he committed not to mention of course
the right wingers tried to drum Clinton out of there because he interrupted he peed on their parade
he interrupted their agenda for eight years see bush one with all the the coast of the same
characters generally speaking with the wolf wits pearl uh chainy connection and rummisfeld all
these other goyem and Jews they had their hands on the uh the keys to the kingdom and then all
of a sudden Clinton came along and oh took it away from him for eight years that that's why from
the minute he got in there you notice every appointment he did every nomination of shutdown
and then of course we had the monica business which we wasted sixty seventy million dollars
of taxpayer money and of course a Kenny Kenny star with his bull crap there where we're writing
a pornographic crap to the public on the internet about blow jobs and the public says well
a segment anyways in oh yeah you're right this is immoral we can't have this and so now we have
this kindler gentler conservative compassion fascism we have a bunch of Nazis running your country
is what we got we got a freaking movie actor not even a good one running for governor of the
biggest state in the country and he just might win a goddamn thing Arnold Schwarzenegger
a sick twisted right-wing piece of turd who's illiterate been in the country for how many years
I can't speak the language although I do like way says kind of foreign you I do like that
I get I get I get I'll get excited when he says I got a rumor don't you get emotional when he says
that by the way there's these second anniversary in 9-11 next Thursday since nobody seems to be too
concerned about 9-11 next Thursday is another arbitrant trend an arbitrant yes some ratings for
June July and August which there'll be two months two full months of foril in there fat I think
right see that's right there'd be like two and a half months right two months of the new schedule
us being back on in midday and foril being on eight to 10 and you know all of these things
although August is it just a horrible month you can see it on our website all there's nobody there
and generally speaking for whatever reason our crowd is the one they're the people that leave town
the only part of our crowd that stays in town of the misfits the ones that we hear from everybody
the mouth either the the whisper in of that crowd that's just the quarter you know they're not going
having got two nickels to rub together they can't even do like a grasshopper they can't even rub
their legs together I wish I had two nickels yeah that's right I can't believe the clearance hasn't
been in there yet you know something I'm gonna go on strike I'm serious I'm taking off a few days
unless clearance derro aka Josh whatever hell his name is from bum fork unless he comes in
there out damn soon and get this screen now see here's what a scam that the beesleys pull
the previous guy we had the beater boy there he was on the payroll he was getting paid
gun only knows where that money was going but we got a pretty good idea but he was getting paid
so it's not like we're adding somebody new on there like I said the other shows they've got
zillions and zillions of people to produce this show how many people and not only that but like
the first team back when it was Joe and D.Fo and uh Gildi we have three guys doing the show
and about 15 people producing it my god
so we got two people and we got like one uh board up there one funky I mean one the guy funky
cake you paid button murky so there's what they're trying to do is like save the the few the
minimal scrapings there I mean it's too embarrassing to even talk about the amount of money
talking about by not putting Scott on a payroll not paying him clearance you can suck my fat old
pimply ass okay get your act together and get with it why is it that this show always get
short-changed huh they can't spend enough money on a morning show as they got a guy in there
from five eight o'clock in the morning couldn't get a number if uh his life depended on if you
suck a guy then ooze up his pimply old ass I could tell you the other answer is their answer is
what why you know why we get short-changed quote why is that all because we know we pay
Neil all this money and we build in studios everywhere this is what we do for the Neil Rogers show
I see and the fact that I'm making the millions and millions of dollars in profits so that they can
do their fun and games and all the sports crap to make great sports yeah yeah
right that's right don't respond what anything it makes too much sense because the beesleys can't
respond to that because you know damn well I'm not still on ear on this radio station because of
the fact that they like my looks or they like the way I talk about them or they like me in any
way shape or form they even like the way that I smell even by long distance they don't want any
part of that they want those big numbers they want the big revenue not just that comes in on this
show but that comes in on the show surrounding it as a result of the just by association you know
what I'm talking about sure dude the sponsors that don't want to be on this show because it's offensive
and disgusting but they sure want to be on the station because we got every guy they have my male
in town listening to QAM and so as a result they're like you know auxiliary to this show
and all we ask is just take care of our people that's all and they can't do it and muff is in it
oh gee I don't know I'll talk to Claire it's I don't know muff is in a no changing his bra and panties
got nice nice outfit by the way s mornin George was a scrabbing muffs outfit and detailed
yeah but poke it out bra and silk panties but why green well maybe he's getting ready for St.
panties day it's the way off and you never start too soon or maybe he's just green with envy now
that cleanses the PD and he has no authority over him you do know that don't you yeah I know
you know that he's not too happy about it I know that's it he was crying and wailing and just
carrying on a few months ago and just I thought he was gonna have a nervous breakdown
but how they made this little punk kid who can't get laid in a whorehouse they made him the PD
and now they they give him a title operation vendor he's he's like a man without a kingdom
you know what I'm saying yeah I know he's like Robert Duval in network
remember that scene mm-hmm after Howard B.O. went on the screaming about the deal with C.C.A the
Saudis isn't it ironic that there was the Saudis no less huh oh man Patti Tsiaski for present
even though he's dead wow I think Michael Moore is a reincarnation of Patti Tsiaski what a brilliant
guy so far ahead of his time him and there in fact Patti Tsiaski was even on the spielkeys Narebi
before she was born 12 minutes past knowing if I'm does anybody understand what I'm talking about
no that's the idea that I like that no seriously it's better than you know these calls oh
see I had the right idea last year I just had the wrong way of going about it you know
I have the right idea because phone calls are they suck
especially when half of the town isn't there what do we have to draw from you know I mean this
show should have been syndicated a long time ago but you got Norma Kent who's worried about being
a baseball maven who's worried about oh Greg won't pay me don't call me anymore to norm fight
your own battles down here okay everything with me is just fine my check show up on time it's all
I care about I'm having a life of Riley I love it you can't get paid by Greg Reed
Sue is ass okay Sue is freaking ass putting the goddamn newspapers buy an ad on the front page of
the heralds say QMR bunch of cheap bastards and I can't get Greg Reed to pay me again for the
eight minute time he could talk about it on the air that's ready can talk about it all and he says
to me in his conversation a few days ago when he called and bugged the crap out of me for no good
reason at all he says oh I can't believe I didn't even show in the last trend now we can't believe
it either because everybody downtown and for Lauderdale and me in the courthouse they're listening to
the norm you know how many people are in the courthouse that's his audience all his fellow
shills their his Florida bar uh goofball associates partners in crime 12 14 at 5 60 WQM you need to
sell your house fast fast cash home buyers buys houses fast hassle free fast cash home buyers buys
houses in any conditional location for any recent you need to sell your house fast is your house
maybe need a new roof floor and your other repairs well don't go throwing bad money after good
house that go good money after bad something costly repairs hold on today don't be throwing money
away call rod today at 1 866785 fast for a no obligation hassle free offer at fast cash home buyers
they help you solve your house problems maybe you've got you a vacant house maybe you're tired
of dealing with a problem tended where you're going through a nasty rotten bitter divorce call fast
cash home buyers are you one two or three payments behind or perhaps you inherited a property you
just want to dump the want fast cash home buyers can help you out so call rod today full free
1 866785 fast and let fast cash home buyers give you peace of mind fast cash home buyers will
buy your house today and keep it in mind again you won't have to pay a penny in real estate
commissions so call rod and check this out it's 1 866785 fast 785 FAST for a hassle free offer
and let fast cash home buyers solve those house problems
slide and look over here sports video 560s you and you a m
importantly and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers
now here's a little song about being kicked after school forget and trouble
to go to do some like this now i'm not trying to be rude but hey pretty girl
back at school but doing things we shouldn't do in class a pack like the fool i'm always
running down the hall smoking in the bathroom style i got caught by my teacher for trying to give a
girl a feel they're keeping me after school yeah keeping me after school so many spitfalls i
blow the teachers can't take no more the tensions where i will go i'm on my way to detention next
time there is a spent time they call my mom and dad their purple man you talk about tension next time
i won't be done in the fortune game drunk i must be continued i was only having some fun
sauce by greasy doing 12 18 at 560 wq on tv at 62 votes what's your take on this Thursday's
two year anniversary of 9 11 nothing will happen to 113 of you say that very confidently
what me worry 108 they just showed a push again there i saw blurb of him walking in there for
that speech Sunday uh-huh i mean anybody who can't see that blank back i mean there's nothing
there there's nothing there it's obvious i mean how can you be in denial of that even if you tried
to like him there there's nothing there i'm staying close to him all day Thursday 16 say that and i
won't travel at day 13 bad smith will happen all day 12 so confidence is high nothing going to
happen and you'll notice they haven't raised the from yellow to orange any of these things have you
noticed that yeah maybe they're waiting they're waiting for what the morning of they're waiting for
something bad to happen or the morning of is like more dramatic you know okay everybody on edge
which is what they're trying to do keep everybody terrified because it's a lot easier to control people
that way and push things through like pay for your next parts one through a hundred and take away
everybody's rights california crowd hostile the Schwarzenegger's wife you ready for this i can't wait
a crowded of mall in california's capital of sacramental boba a great place i love sacramental it's
a beautiful city have you ever been there no why not uh stelae polywood that area nah sorry
you want to see those for daddy plastic places like la there's no there's only Koreans and
vietnamese and chinese people in l.a. now oh look at this here's another cute card to
here's a priest walking a young man a student obviously down there maybe a who knows what a
student arm around him and he says you must never play with your private parts to me that's my job
there you go do you suckers out there go back to those confesibles man and sit there and tell
all about your private and about how you yank this and you whack that and you were thinking about
this and you were having all these all the stuff and believing there's no construction going on
next year in the booth next year in that confesional maybe in a wretched right lots of hammery
lots of they're getting hammered in there drilling right nailing a crowded of mall to california
capital created Arnold Schwarzenegger's wife Maria Schriver with hostility yesterday she made her
first solo appearance in the unpredictable gubernatorial campaign the austrian born republican
actors generated very positive reaction in public since the announcement he would run a
replaced governor grade davis in an october 7th this is in the washed and posed what a stupid
him what is that with many clamoring for an autograph on a handshake what does that article mean
yet opponents of the recall including union members gathered outside a Sacramento Wal-Mart
to shout carry placards and otherwise expressed their opposition to the recall when shriver
appeared in a voter registration booth at a wal-Mart she's showing up ready for that high class
she's over here promoting a company that's refusing to pay health care for its workers and bill
camp executive secretary of the Sacramento Central Labor Council she should be ashamed her
grandfather would be appalled appalled damn straight wal-Mart the world's largest retail chain has been
the subject of numerous lawsuits in california regumina to our candidate kuzbustamada recently
attacked the company's labor practices were for crews baby there's nothing like a good cruise
tell you oh
send you sold on the devil i love siria
not feel better not come back it's been so long since we've heard those dulcet tones
Wal-Mart the world so i just got through rednet uh shriver grandtotter of jokinat
niece of president jfk as a member of the country's best-known democratic family but is back to
republican husbands entry into politics in california i think that more people are involved in
political process the better even if it's picketing she told a crush of reporters and onlookers
before cutting her visit short i think that's what this great country is all about yadi-adi-adi
how do you like that good in the face of renewed focus on old sports and eager interviews about
his fast life as a bodybuilder in the seventies shriver could help widen support for a husband and
grief from archie's book of the defuability of maintaining a normal family life for their four children such a campaign
so now they kidnman had a right-wing guy finance this whole recall thing this is just a scam it's
another power grab by the right-wingers in this country who are attempting to do another bloodless
coup in california just like they did when they stole the election in florida one by one sit back
and watch with amusement and amazement and disgust and contempt as they continue stealing up elections
turning over to your will of the electorate and just uh... we would just you'll have a dictatorship
and then 50 years from now people look back and say how did this happen you know
how did this happen of course they won't say that within the boundaries of the u.s. because
they won't be allowed to be the paperback will put them in jail if they say that they have days
yeah we have aes and don't forget you understand the stupeg keeps track of everyone right keep
that in mind too how appropriate that hittler's propaganda filmmaker how she died at 101 today
how appropriate i'm the name of president bush is coming to south for what's the uh... we got that
she because i think i smith can mind this i do what's the info well call robert at five six one two two two
ninety one forty is the short answer five apart i don't want the sure answer i want to tell the
date the time it's five this afternoon at the uh... i don't know if he's sixty six where black shirt
bring a white cross or sign on ninety five davi boulevard east u.s. one south on u.s. one to seventeen
i don't think about directions if they can't find pier six these six they have no business
going or anyway parking is on the west side at quayside shopping center and publics or harbourside
at south side of the high east side of the bridge you are a mumbler you know that yeah mumbler's
got well i'm picking through this thing no i think clearness is probably the best pd i've ever
worked for in this business i think that scott's got some nerve expecting to get paid for sitting
in her as and just after scott for well you know this sneak them in there try to sneak
him in the back door so to speak i think that i'd be like at least an eight month pro
probation period before even expressing it paid don't you judge twelve months no two years
you see if you want to play those games scott it's going to cost you the long run but then again
i'm sure that for else taking good care of you know you rent i think you're part of
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t and for rise and wireless line
parents ought to be ashamed of yourself okay i guess scott's not putting out for you is that the
deals that what it's all about yeah that must be it maybe if you just let's like i said before
let's have a sneak it as private maybe you'll put about a payroll what do you say uh-huh okay
that's what it'll take just wave it at him okay so it takes to get him excited five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t and for rise and wireless line here's cruel gables hello
hey me oh yes are there any movies now we can go to the gady and masturbate together with
yeah okay sounds good to me five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t
and for rise and wireless line i'll see you there at eight here's Daniel hello hello Neil
yes sir where are you getting some of these colors at oh my god i gotta follow that
that that's that's it that's south Florida man it's a cesspool that's what you got much idiots
give me the ball give me the ball right that's all right right and this last guy who wants a
circle jerk he's probably doing it right now i know question about it if he had the equipment
hey this is where the finest programs i've heard you do in a long time really vintage nil rogers
oh i got chills up and down my arm you're ripping everybody from what you're ripping everyone i love
good i'm in a mood for it i'm in a great mood i'm happy life is sweet
hey have you been watching the campaign financial reform uh the
the supreme court the supreme and iana rosset it's a bad idea don't do it did you see how it split
down the middle now who do you think it against the campaign reform there couldn't be a rank
question that crowd from east of lia can be those right wing nazis that we have in there the
same ones who said stop counting the vote it's getting too close to push one yeah now guess who's
the lawyer the get who's the lawyer for one of the groups that wants to overturn the law
can start oh my god you you read too i don't believe it yeah i don't want to go in do you think
it's just a coincidence well they don't want just like all of these child molestation stories
they're just coincidences they don't want the democratic process right away every crank call
that we get on the show is from the catholic church go ahead so i'm sorry they don't want the
democratic process they want to take over the whole process yeah but if you let's what's
happening in california don't you understand oh of course and i mean the guy who went it by hooker
by crook will just uh... will have another bogus election and then we'll stick somebody in there
who's like a popular movie star just like Ronald Reagan part two only disguised illiterate
well one of the people brought up and just give two polish on his here i could you be elected in
november and they want to throw you out in march yeah i mean if they hated him that bad why would they
elected for four months they don't understand that he was the one responsible for n-ron and all
these other things not but you know don't confuse the public with the facts yeah one more thing
abc news poll was just on the bottom of the n-screen right you feel safer with the iraq or
does this make a safer with terrorism forty eight percent said terrorists will strike us more now
forty percent said we're safer so what did i get you know all those people dead for no reason
all that money spent listen i'll see you on friday after you come off from under the bed okay i'm
still under there okay he's under it twenty eight past noon at five sixty w.w. q. m. announcing a big
a new one
full-winkled jay moose he conquered television he conquered movies well sort of and now he's
conquering the world of heavy metal it's full-winkled sings azzy
yes america's favorite moose pays tribute to america's favorite reality tv dad azia's worn in
bullwinkled sings azia featuring such antler banging classic says warmosans
he
but today the one my big shanel classic cartoon character meets a classic rocker who's become a
living cartoon you get whole-winkled sings azia with songs it equals you to hear like
times it's a and kind of strange if i come but i hate the same
the
and you want to come home with this CD it's full-winkled sings azia
best of all you don't need a permit to hunt down this collection make a moose call the
your local record store and pick up a copy today
from thirty four five sixty w.w.w.m. happy Tuesday two we got the mad dog coming over to
hank in a studio at four in the marlin's and the mess big big game tonight seven uh
ten after the pregame show here's a call for now how come i notice the scouts i pick it up
line nine anymore i think he's watching that guy wq weigh in my
timeline and see there's nobody even on there he's getting all panicky but it couldn't possibly
be that guy could it sure could you don't want to give him his eighty five seconds of fame you
want to give him two three hundred calls a day his due well he's just not gonna get paid if you
a block down another number. This gentleman, I was trying to be court see the word
the word this asshole don't try to be funny because you're about as funny as
cancer than he can't be not funny this asshole is the expression he's doing
what now you call block that he's just using the other line now is what you
trying to say well that's pretty interesting he's back though on another line
he's got a whole bank of lines wqa and crank line
hola this is Carlos
that's he was a good call what's wrong with you man
we're we're aching to get an update I know everybody comes in and says to
George oh how is the peanut boy doing house cross and we say we don't know
and we don't care and I think that's as honest as we can be about that situation
you're not certainly we don't know we don't care we don't want to know we don't
want to hear that name no more the flyers to be rated for risk level that you
tell me about this before the show today yeah here's the story from the
Washington Post in the most aggressive and some say invasive step yet to
protect air travelers the federal government and the airlines will phase in a
computer system next year to measure the risk posed by every passenger on every
flight in the US of a hey except it on CNN they said flyers will be sorted
according to color right that's what the little right the little captioning
if the darker you are the deeper in the back of the plane you've got to sit and
if you're real real dark you're way back in cargo separate plane the new
transportation security administration system seeks to probe deeper into
each passenger's identity then is currently possible comparing personal
information against criminal records and intelligence information passengers
will be assigned a color code green yellow or red oh but I'll tell you one thing
if you're colorblind in America now you're in deep crap based in part on their
city of the departure destination traveling companions and date of ticket
purchase based on their city of the departure destination traveling companions
and date of ticket purchase notice it says based in part they're not telling you
the other part most people have recorded green and sail through but up to 8%
of passengers of ordinations 26,000 daily fights will be coded yellow I guess if
they're Chinese and we'll undergo additional screening at the checkpoint
according to people familiar with the program an estimated one to two percent
will be labeled red those who are flying to Cuba from Canada and will be
prohibited from boarding I'm pretty prohibited from boarding yeah these
passengers will also face police questioning and maybe arrested if we don't
like the way they look the system will provide protections for the flying
public said TSA spokesman Brian Termail was at turmoil that also we keep
passengers from sitting next to a terrorist we should keep them from sitting
next to wanted axiomer to us to we said well let me ask you a question the new
system called computer assistant passenger pre-speeding system to caps to which
I think is kind like that P we're talking about on Monday has sparked so much
controversy among both liberal and conservative groups that the TSA struggle
to get it going Delta Airlines backed out of a testing program of the agency
earlier this year and now the TSA will not reveal which airlines will participate
when it tests a prototype early next year if all goes as planned the TSA will
begin the new computer screening of some passengers as early as that summer
eventually be used for all domestic travelers this system is going to be
replete with air is said very stun-hard director of the ACR use technology
and Liberty program you could be falsely arrested you could be delayed you
could lose your ability to travel yadda yadda yadda in a partridge in a
poetry so it just goes on and on and on and like I said you better not be color
blind otherwise crawling of the bed and they'll come up because between the color
coding of the passengers and a color coding on the alerts and then we got the
the is it what is it the orange alert for the missing children of amber amber
alert I'm sorry and we we got so many goddamn colors and of course who
now knows what's going on especially in soft water where red means go at a
traffic light right don't make any off-color comments either exactly otherwise
you're going to be in deep do do here's Miami when is this music La
music that we're here here's top of the well hello hello Neil yes sir
what's your phone voice to me that says honky a horn at the listener Neil
Roger nobody's honking nobody's honking not even that duck that your
honking is asshole with a phony voice what an idiot what a dumb honky here's
Merimar hello that was Dennis here's for Lauderdale hello oh Neil God yes sir
thank you for thank you for like 10 to get one real call I think we have one
here thank you for taking my call well thank you for making your call
um first of all I'm gonna be there with my blog today with you what wearing all
black okay 17th Street and so we're we got our little things going on for
that I'm I'm jumping in on that I'm glad you brought up about the PSA yeah I
personally was one person that has that was in the test program that Delta
decided to Schmidt cam well based on what you sound I would say that you read
definitely read well I think I was because the the person that worked for Delta
actually told me that I was on the list and he did a little maneuver to make
a little easier for me mm-hmm and they they searched me five times before I got
on the plane mm-hmm and finally they did let me on the plane okay well thanks
for the good news never good time there tonight was that a sitillating or what
what I don't know that was I wouldn't let him on a plane not after that call I
think they just changed your color status okay pal purple 12 12 41 at 5 68 he
sounded like one of the purple people leaders to me of course you know about them
Delta I'm not just Delta all the airlines right flight attendants no talking
about the meal flight attendants no what the ones who fly without the plane oh 19
till one at five sixty WQM if you want to lose some weight balance for life
could be the answer you've been searching for for many many years because I know
what it's like to be fat trust me when I tell you I know my fat in fact it's
really near and dear to my heart it's surrounding my heart if you're tired of
being fat unhealthy lethargic if you diabetic or on a verge of it if you want to
get back in a good shape you want to put some real size clothing back on and
you just haven't been able to stick with any of those other diets balance for
life is a great way to do it because they take all the guesswork out of it for
you there's no cooking no shopping no cleaning no calorie counting no carb
counting they combine the knowledge of the zone diet with special emphasis in
the glycemic values of carbs and they put together fantastic food for you and
they deliver it to you in a little black sack every day right at your door by
six and a.m. you get up in the morning you reach out and you work at your
home where you are by six and a.m. and there's three gourmet meals two delicious
snacks in your black sack the only thing you have to choose from is two
alternatives for each meal every day that you're on a program you fill out a
little menu once a week facts it over and that's it and they do all the cooking
and they're preparing for you everything is fresh delicious ingredients no
preservatives no chemicals no crap just delicious great stuff and plenty of
food to keep you full all day long and stay on a program you'll start seeing
results within a matter of days so don't be a loser like the beast or some of
these other disgusting slabs kitchen stuff in a really good shape and start
wearing real good clothing instead of those top 10s let balance for life do
it for you call 9 5 4 5 6 8 3 2 2 2 9 9 5 4 5 6 8 3 2 2 2 2 9 or check them on
the Wicked World Wide Web at BalanceForLife.com
My and local this is 4 3 0 5 6 2 2 a.m.
John Aaron McCarty, Carbohydra, Federal Park
you look that mean so quesically I could tell she was in the dark so I acted out
my puncture in with my arms the trees I made no bugs speak English anymore
I went down to my ear and met which weather weather business and sunny I walked into a
little store to gather talks real fun I asked for a pint of Holtion Beamy's
as not the end of what doesn't mean the butter's using this can't anymore
that corner deli hell I think I'm in Pakistan speaking with smelly or you can go back to
my rags I came here many years ago learn my ABCs I don't say much is
grossiest I said pretty please so get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now
stop making this big you know about it speak English
twenty seven and five sixty W.D. Q.A.M. we got the short show tomorrow really
depressed about that aren't you really short got that big Marlon's meds game tomorrow
and of course every game now is really really big and the pregame shows a 1235
tomorrow game is at 110 from Shae Stadium so we got an early exit tomorrow 1235
which were really broken up about and then Thursday of course is 9.11 so we do
miss show I'll be like high number the counter here right I'm going to
phone it is and George will phone it in from a prestigious Hollywood where he'll be safe
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty we had one woman called a day no
it's just it's amazing it's mind boggling the number of people who are listening to
this program and yet the the clawing the gnashing the pulling the yanking the
drilling the it's just thirty years of this crap man and look what we got now
we got two calls on the board here's here's Davey hello hi Neil how you doing okay
sir good yeah not in this pass break but the one before just heard a promo for the
new would be goldberg show I would don't pay any attention no oh man I just brutal
I mean you know it's like every you know just brutal what I don't know what you're
talking about very old type of just you know they're just pulling everything out
to the most base humor they can possibly go for anything you'd expect from what
be goldberg yeah not even trying to shoot I have a suggestion for it don't watch it
I don't watch what be goldberg she makes me just looking at her makes me sick
to my stomach I can't even stand looking at the bitch but why would somebody call me
bellyache about whoopie goldberg what's what's the point I watch it no would you watch
it no not a Chinaman's chance in purgatory route into that right now don't watch it
pal you live a lot longer you'll be much happier guy okay hey before I forget
whining and bellyache she's this she's not funny just don't watch it yes like the
people that hate to show don't listen before you see her right now they hear that
then the silence I guess oh no wonder people don't want to listen to me and all
that scratching and puking in there trying to be clever that sounds like cramp
probably something Bob her both put together over there in the Naples got all mighty
what a mugwomp concept that is why couldn't it just you know like have a little
music and say you know we'll return to the new Roger show momentarily and I'm
like repeated a couple time like when you're on hold you know right when you have
that bitch with a little you notice anywhere you go in the world that same
bitches voices on there when you're everywhere she's on who is that bitch I don't
know but we can have some great hold music do you think she's like a real
person I don't know you know I'm talking about that bitch the number you are
calling has been and it's the same every single one of those recordings no
matter what the message is it's her maybe she has a contract guess who is here
at sears the other day introducing her new product line Martha's Martha Stewart
and how come there weren't zillions of people out that's because the people
are too polite you know protesting screaming you know I'm hearing on that would
be five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 and T in Verizon
line if we don't get a lady on this phone before two o'clock today this is it
I'm throwing in a towel that doesn't mean I'm not gonna do the show tomorrow I'm
just gonna throw the towel into what the bathtub here's pepper of pine
hello how you doing pretty good yeah I'm not gonna have a problem with I don't
have a state and about the gate school opening the opening up the opening up
okay my point is anyway let's wait a second I'll look at you can I ask your
question are you being held hostage now just far we allowed if you're being
held hostage now we'll be able to smell it give us your location where are you
I'm a pepper pine no more specific than that you being held captive like it
the Walgreens okay okay how did publics I said but all those old
the enters in Pembroke lakes are being held there listen I look at how it's
starting this morning that's that's why you're talking this way now yeah no
no but anyways they don't have the school open it to all day school right right
that's not that's not a bullet everybody knows that story so I'm getting so
hysterical about you sound like you're ready for a stroke okay the problem I
have is one of his interns okay went over to the school and the people were
there were protesting and the people they bought their their kids so the
internal is in here and they're speaking of evil people they're called baguettes
evil those this unbelievable eight and ten year old that just goes to show you
how parents are so ignorant they bring faster kids well let me ask you
something here what do you think where do you think kids learn hate from we just
don't they learn it they learn it from them they learn it at home exactly you know
that's the thing I always like kids like that I have a gay friend we were not me too
and I know and then I was brought up in Miami and I I'm a people first you know
I mean you know you know it's just it's just it's just it's just it's just
still go by the book it's thirty thousand years old we need to get a new book
because that says that what's going on in society today I'm gonna write it I'm
gonna let you know what it comes out here the name but near Roger's DNH I'm
writing a new book the good book says the good book said now which book are
you talking about well whatever book happens to be convenient at the time to
make whatever point I want to make to justify my archaic grotesque
Neanderthal hateful attitudes that's the book Oh that would that's the one the
the Old Testament, the New Testament, the Goethe Testament, the Book of Mormon.
Sure. Whatever it is. Pick a book. Pick a line. Pick a phrase. Pick your nose.
It's all the same book, right? Like I told you before, religion must be eradicated before it's too late, before we blow up the God damn world.
And this president still got us well on a way to do it, by the way.
With all these evil doers. There's a lot of evil doers, the only problem is he and his cohorts ought to be looking in the mirror every time they say evil doers.
I think maybe they've been drinking a little bit too much evil doers myself. How's Brian Greasy doing by the way?
I've called out again, Brian.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. And we got a lady on there yet, Scott.
Almost like a lady in Kindle. Hello.
Lady in Kindle. Hello. Yes, ma'am.
Can you hear me? Okay. I'm on Verizon. I just want to let you know I'm a lady if you use that term loosely.
I love your show. I love you. I'm not within your demographics. I'm about a year younger than you are, but I love listening to you.
Well, everybody's younger than me now. See, I know if I stay down here long enough, I'd like to be older than all of my audience, which is good.
Speaking of things that happen anyway, June's buried. You ever followed the e-commerce?
Not every cartoons. I'm just too intellectual for that.
But did you hear about recently the one that they would not allow to be shown in many of the newspapers?
No.
It was about men who masturbate regularly have a lesser chance of getting...
Prostate cancer. We had that stay on a few weeks ago, right?
Right. But this was in the cartoon.
Yeah.
And a lot of the newspapers around the country would not run the cartoon.
Well, I'll be damned.
Goes to show you. We're still in a stone age, huh?
So is that true then?
Well, I see that time. Remember Wolfman would lawn-chainy?
Yeah.
That's what happened to him. He was masturbating too much. He started growing all that hair on his palm.
The hair on his hand.
Right.
I know that one.
We're living in a stone age.
I love you, and I gotta go.
Good luck to you.
All right. Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you. Bye-bye.
There's a lady. Okay.
Okay.
Doomsbury says that if you were Yankeeed a little bit too much.
No, see, and we had that stay remember?
Absolutely.
And it said if you masturbate a lot between like 20 and 30 years of 20 and 35 between those ages,
that like keeps your ducts clean.
So you don't have to go out and buy a whole bunch of duct tape?
Keeps your ducts low.
Oh, you know, that would have been...
How can we need another choice on a pool today?
I'm so sorry.
The other choice Eric, I apologize at this late point.
I'm buying duct tape and viscene today.
What?
Nothing, just so we can say viscene.
I mean, I love it.
It's coming up the second anniversary this Thursday.
I think a lot of people are going to be going out to Home Depot.
What's the other one?
What's that other one?
Do we have it in South Florida?
Builder Square.
No, not Builder Square.
There's another big loz is at it.
I don't think we have loz in South Florida.
That's another big home builder type chain like home.
But whatever.
We have them up north in the South.
They're going to be run into Home Depot, buying viscene and duct tape.
So that's the other choice on there.
I'm buying duct tape and viscene right now or something like that.
Whatever, however, Eric wants to put it out.
Let him use his own living and pivot imagination.
1256 at 560 WQM.
Most squeeze a collar too out of this crowd today.
I mean, a real one.
You'll see.
When it doubts, squeeze it out.
VIPsportsbook.com is the place you want to be doing business with during the upcoming football season and audio long for all your plunging and peace.
Because this time of the year when football season gets underway for serious, this is the time when the sports books all come flying out of the closet.
They're all looking for your money.
Most of these outfits 99% of these bookies are located in the jungles of Costa Rica with a bug man.
This year, move up and class to VIPsportsbook.com, the oldest and largest sports book in the Netherlands.
And if they're in the Netherlands, man, they can't be all bad.
I'll still believe 100% legal and license to.
So listen to me and call VIPsportsbook.com.
Don't settle for second best.
Call them right now.
Until free at 1 866 VIP best because their software is best.
Sign up right now.
You can bet all the software to football and basketball teams juice free all year long.
You want a bet on the dolphins?
It's 100 to 100.
I'd be betting against them myself.
You want a bet to hurricanes.
It's 100 to 100.
So forget about the vigorous.
All son of a 20% cash bonus.
Not some funny money match play bonus either.
So check them out online at VIPsportsbook.com or call them tool free at 1 866 VIP bets.
And be sure you heard.
Tell me heard about it.
I'm WQA.
And be sure and mention the Gary Sarner is a major asshole.
VIPsportsbook.com or you be the VIP.
My name is local.
This is five sixty.
The radio's all yours now.
You am.
I'm Celia Cruz and I am dead now.
But I remember when I was alive.
I was living in the world.
I was in the world.
I'm tired of the same boring old communion wafers at holiday mass.
Open wide and prepare to receive by savior.
Oh geez father, oh Mally wafers again.
Now Billy, this isn't just any wafers.
It's not?
No, through the divine miracle of transubstantiation, I've turned this ordinary wafer into the divine blessed body of Christ.
Why does the body of Christ have to taste so yucky?
Spice of your next communion with new Christ Aroni.
Christ Aroni is a special blend of rice, spices and seasonings, plus a bit of the body of Christ in every fluffy fork fork.
And Christ Aroni cooks up perfect every time.
As he should.
Hmm, can I have some more Christ father?
That's Christ Aroni Billy.
Amen to that.
Christ Aroni, the transubstantiation tree.
It's a minute past one at five sixty WQM, our big one to two hour on a Tuesday.
We got, I see that opening that one to two hour opening.
I love it but what does it have to do with the one to two hour?
I am Celia Cruz and I am dead now.
But that green under when I was alive.
I will listen to the new one when it's alive.
I actually heard him say one to two hour.
Oh, he did?
Yeah, slow down.
I am Celia Cruz and I am dead now.
But that green under when I was alive.
I will listen to the new one when it's alive.
I heard it all that time.
Oh yeah, he did say it's a one to two hour.
It's almost like, I am from Elie and I'm rust-laden.
And I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the new Roque Amunista Hour.
One on two at five sixty WQM no matter how you cut it, no matter how you smell it,
it's the one to two hour.
Southern California couple of face charges and videotaped the child molestation victims as young as three possibly raped at it.
Rancho Santa Margarita California, a couple of allegedly videotaped and photographed themselves molesting girls as young as three,
have been charged with numerous felony accounts that connect with the assaults.
What do we do with a bunch of scumbags who are molesting a little kids like them?
Shoot them in the leg.
Right, and if you have bad aim, well so be it.
David Shao-hi Huang, HW-A-N-G Huang, 32, and his wife Sheila Kierfolkatt.
She's one sick cat, 23, were arrested last Wednesday for investigating search their home on anonymous tip.
Police found more than 100 videotapes and pictures of three to nine year old children being molested.
Police believed some of the tapes that may go back as far as ten years were filmed in Marrito, Texas,
where Huang lived before moving four years ago to Rancho Santa Margarita California.
A case like this will sick any of the most seasoned investigator Orange County Sheriff's spokesman Jim Amor Mino said Monday.
Sick cat was released from custody over the weekend in lieu of $150,000 bail,
while Huang remains in jail without bail.
The two were charged Friday with two counts each of using a minor for sex acts.
Huang was charged with 21 counts of loot acts upon a child.
Sick cat faces four counts that had charged according to court records.
A Monday children saw a eliminated and raised scooters and bicycles up and down the block of large.
Spanish colonial style homes with a couple lived while adults express their shock.
Their shock.
Shock and awe.
Here's an interesting thing speaking of our shucks, our fat.
Off a lot of fat around in the dikes.
Our fat.
Oh yeah, yeah, I noticed that.
Lesbian sticker around the middle of the U.S. study.
Janet Reno is not fat.
How do you know?
She wears those really baggy dresses.
Well, are you saying that she's a dike?
Is that what you're saying?
No, no, no, what were you saying?
She drives a truck.
Oh, are you saying she's a girl?
No, no, I would never say that.
A lady.
Well, lesbians are fatter and have thicker waistlines than their heterosexual sisters.
According to a you go sister.
According to a new U.S. study leaving the scientists to explain the findings.
They were the loss.
Although lesbians eat, smoke and exercise about the same as their sisters.
The study found a what does it keep saying that?
This is in the national post here this morning.
The study found a carry significantly more abdominal fat.
This puts them at increased risk of heart disease and diabetes.
One explanation might be there's a genetic difference between lesbians and their heterosexual sisters.
There's that word against the lead researcher Stephanie Roberts, a San Francisco doctor.
Doctor Roberts said the reason could be hormonal linked to the reproductive issues or to higher levels of cortisol,
a fatening stress hormone that's often elevated in members.
Cortisol isn't that one of the things that they pedal on those phony infomercials?
I don't know.
Yeah.
You haven't seen that one with a real pasty set where it looks like you're sitting in front of a fake plant.
I don't see any of them.
Oh, you don't watch infomercials.
See, that's where a beener boy had you beat by a mile.
He liked the infomercials, especially the ones where they pedaled drugs.
It can also be a cultural difference, you said.
In the lesbian culture, there's been a long history of fat acceptance.
That's what Shirley Tweeders used to say.
Remember that?
No.
Gypsy, Rosalie, whatever her name was.
Gypsy, what was her name?
That's phony name she used.
She had a second timeline with what's it in?
She was fat, two as a matter of fact, from power 96.
Miss Cleo, low grip, no, I'm full Griffin.
She was fat.
And the...
Wait, over you.
This personality.
In the lesbian culture, there's been a long history of fat acceptance, size acceptance, and body acceptance in general.
And dining's been perceived as something that's not accepting of your body.
Studies have consistently shown that lesbians have a higher body mass index than heterosexual women and U.S. national average.
But until now was unclear where the lesbians were more muscular.
Ha, ha, ha, ha!
More muscular had more fat tissue.
I would like Charlie on passions.
She thought she's not fat.
He didn't even have a bag of sugar around her poop.
Oh, you've got the Roberts.
A bigger pardon?
Nothing.
You know, you don't watch the show, you don't understand it.
Okay, he just did what like Beth, she's got a bag of sugar, she's pretending to be pregnant.
Dr. Roberts and a team of academies from the School of Nursing at the University of California,
San Francisco surveyed 324 lesbians and 324 of their heterosexual sisters closest to
them in age.
Oh, see this, I guess this really means sisters literally.
See?
Okay.
I think.
Don't you think?
No, I think they're just generic.
Yeah, like cousins.
Like kids, though, girl.
Yeah.
Each woman was asked to measure herself and weigh herself.
Lesbians had a significantly higher body mass index, waisted her comforts, and waisted
hip ratio than their sisters, she said.
This suggests that difference in BMI is fat, not muscle tissue.
So if you think that dicks are more muscular, forget about it.
The survey published today in the Journal of Women's Health issues found the lesbians were
slightly better educated and ate less red meat and more fish.
I'm not making that up alone.
I am not making that up.
Okay.
Wow.
I have just tasted just now.
Get out of here, Henry.
You sickle perv.
But these did not appear to be important factors.
It's the fact that they're eating more fish.
Oh, God.
Thanks for ever to get that taste and smell out of your system.
I know that really.
I don't want to hear about it.
5.6, especially it's so close to my lungs.
5.6, 7.0, 5.60, pound 5.60 on the AP and T line.
What's your take on this Thursday, two year anniversary of 9.11, they're 441 votes.
Nobody's buying duct tape and viscene.
Eric got it on there, but nobody's buying it.
Bad Schmidt will happen only 15.
I won't travel that day only 15.
I'm stay close to him all day 19.
What me worry 133?
Nothing will happen to 159.
All right.
I say based on this audience is very astute observations that it's going to be a coast
is clear.
Be afraid.
Be very afraid.
So it's up here.
Either be afraid and panic and get all bad out of shape or just go about your business.
That's what I say.
Just go about your business.
I got a great article here from CNN about which flat screen TV is best.
Remember that?
I mentioned last week.
Right.
The plasma.
And nobody, we had like two responses.
It's good.
It's bad.
Yeah.
And how far is fire?
See, one thing I've discovered over the years, generally, once in a great while, there's
an exception, but generally speaking, if you count on the audience for any advice about
anything like killing rats or any disease, by the way, speaking of disease, the heels
spray I've had on my right heel for ages now for months seems to be going away.
Just like when I had that, what do they call that?
That plantar fascist fascist?
OK.
On the bottom of the same heel, about a few years ago.
And it, oh, man, hurt like hell.
And if you don't do anything, it goes away.
If you do all kinds of other crap, you just waste a lot of money and a lot of time.
You get aggravated and doesn't do a goddamn thing.
I just mentioned that in the past.
Here's Volka.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Pretty good.
All right.
I've got a couple things in the media right now to talk to you about.
Yes, sir.
OK.
I called it down Mariah Carey being one of the youngest people in celebrities out there.
Right.
And I just want to say, she's coming out with a double CD now.
All her songs remake.
That's it.
That's it.
And instead of like, you know, she should just end her career by just doing that one playboy shooting and ending it right there.
That's it.
Get over with.
Money, take the money and run.
Right.
OK.
But she's got a real ego problem.
She's been turned down and you're cracked on by so many people.
I can't stand her, including Luis Miguel.
She just can't handle it no more.
She really thinks she's a big star.
It's unbelievable.
Just do your one 10 health playboy shot and take the money and don't ever let us see you again.
Invest in a lottery or something.
Right.
Get it and get rich that way.
We don't have Marie Carey, your Ohio State superstar running back who destroyed his whole school.
He's going to jail now.
He's never going to play for Ohio State again.
We ruined our whole program.
And I say great because you know what?
Now, Martin is going to win another national championship.
Well, that's very important stuff because if Miami wins another national championship, then we can all feel a lot better about ourselves.
Can't we?
Don't you want you to join?
If the raccoons win another national championship, I tell you one thing.
The way they had to start on a come from behind against that rotten Gator meat, the other damn.
Not so sure about that.
Of course, they are playing another girl school this week in East Carolina.
East Carolina is a girl school for the blind.
So that should probably be like, you know, walk over just like the dolphin game against Houston.
Just like that dolphin game against Houston.
Holy counter.
Didn't I just dream that lately?
I've been having experiences and I feel like I just I just dream these things.
They couldn't possibly really happen.
You know what?
Right?
I mean dolphins losing the home opener at home, no less, for the Houston Texan.
Hey!
Oh boy.
Stance of palminor covers over this performance by the dolphin.
Absolutely correct.
Wow.
That's why everybody's so down in town, you know.
People are down in town.
Lawlet's students for a go a year.
This is one of my favorite stories.
Pizza.
I got so much stuff here and I've been taking a lot of calls.
Germany complains idly about Hitler wines.
That's that is shock.
He's in the white.
You might mention my name to rights master Gary.
Well, you know, that Mussolini.
I don't think he ever really left.
He's still hanging around.
It's 12 minutes after one.
What was his, she wasn't his wife.
What was her name?
Her, his, uh, Mrs. Mussolini.
His squeeze.
I don't know.
I don't know what her name was, but they hung the both of them side by each right there in the middle of Rome.
It was a, maybe it wasn't in Rome.
I don't know where I was.
Where did they hang Mussolini?
I thought it was in Rome.
In Rome.
Are you sure?
Yes, I am.
Are you really?
Yeah.
Oh, so in other words, we actually got somebody that knows something and they're that is scary.
They hung Mussolini in a room and there was Scott to tell us and he didn't even get paid for it.
No, I just, I can't, no, no, you're laughing.
It's not funny.
It's, it's pathetic.
Well, guess what I'll be doing on 9-11.
Panhandling.
Right.
I wouldn't, wouldn't surprise me.
Yeah, be real good day to be out there in the streets with your hand extended.
Well, the, the nice know-in-you.
I've got a rag you can wear on your head.
Do you know that in Toronto here we've got people that have like franchises for different street corners and locations?
Okay.
I really believe it.
I think they bought a franchise somewhere because I've seen some of these people for years.
It's just, it's just amazing to me.
It always looks like a lot of competition.
And they always look like real to shovel everything.
Then they get in their guide.
They're mercury.
They're marquee and they drive away.
Show for a dreaded.
First of all, your pants down around your knees.
We'll back from your desk and spread them on your feet.
Burned, we wrapped your hands all around your knees.
Then we'll up and down, we'll up and down and jerk that knees.
Keep the keyboard covers so it won't splatter.
And the club and the two wipe it off your lap how you could be.
And just like the cheese.
Oh right.
Oh, you're bestowed and be joy.
What's 17 to 560 WQM?
Here's a lady in somewhere in Hollywood.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Pretty good.
How you be?
I'm just fine.
Thanks.
I know you think you don't have a lot of female listeners that you do.
You have so many.
But good man.
Yeah, baby.
We don't have the time to call.
I was going to tell you I'm going to the protest this afternoon or this evening.
I put a lot of down.
And as far as you pull, 9-11 really doesn't have a lot of bearing on me anymore because the terrorists know that the government likes our government likes to keep us in fear.
So they did all they needed to do.
All they have to do now is make threats.
They don't even have to make good on them.
Because wish is going to constantly keep the people in fear and order to keep control over them.
So I don't think there's going to be a time.
Working too well lately though.
If you look at us poll members, it's not working the...
Yeah, I need dropping.
The thrill is gone.
I hope it keeps things as drop till next year.
Okay, we'll have a good time.
All right, thanks.
Two good jobs, Jim.
I mean, I don't want to prevent anybody from going to that thing.
You know, they're doing their civic duty and they're expressing their view point.
But of course, that in 40 cents will buy about a third of a cup of coffee.
You know what I'm saying?
40 cents. Where's that?
Like I said, about the five bucks will buy a third of a cup of coffee.
All of that reiterates pitch in threatens lawsuit.
On the eve of the Broward County's first budget hearing,
election supervisor Miriam Elephant renewed her plea for a partnership with the county,
but threatened to lawsuit at the same time.
How do you like that?
She reminds me of that traffic lead.
We used to have it packed in.
Elephant called the news conference yesterday to reiterate her budget requesting
she's taking her case to the community, including the Broward Legislative Delegation,
the League of Cities, political candidates, and groups of need be.
The governor ran a secretary of state.
If all that fails, and Elephant doesn't get the money,
and helps she's looking for when the county finalizes its $2.5 billion budget September 23rd,
Elephant said she'll take her case to court, the appeals process for election supervisor
who feels she's in adequately funded.
But Elephant has only 32,300 eight bucks in her budget for legal fees,
gearing up for the final matches between her orifice,
and the Broward County Commission, which begins its formal budget hearings today,
and are probably doing it right now.
Elephant met with county staff members yesterday.
She wanted to go to the whole thing.
I think we have this on our website, yeah it is.
If you want to read the rest of it, it's too ponderous for me.
I can't stand that bitch.
Another one of these people who's going to like,
it's you might be a little bit of Mo.
Absolutely.
She's going to continue threatening her way into her position.
Let's see, here's a fact that says earlier,
some of your callers are complaining about bush limbaugh and right wing pricks and sports.
They don't get it.
I got my thing on it though.
The reason they NFL out there's significant things are getting so hyped up by these fascist is
because they want the intelligent people of this great country to pay attention to more important things than the garbage.
They're doing outside of the Scoyote, Adionne.
The American Masters can't wake up on Monday and go on with life and real issues
after Dave wants that and J. Feetler lose a ball game.
I like sports to go to some games, but life goes on.
I'm not in line to jump off the due to the turtle because J. Feetlers and Abbot quarterback
and want that should be coaching high school football.
Every time I hear the hysteria with some of these idiots over analyzing Feetler and Heracune,
the Gators and all these things, I want to get that out of here.
Is it too much to ask that you separate sports entertainment from real life issues?
Yes, too much to ask and so forth.
Since I can just hear these kids asking their parents for help with their homework advice on issues in their lives and dad screaming,
can't you see I'm speaking the more Howard David I need to tell him how upset I am with Feetler.
Sports!
And then, yeah, that's the important stuff on QAM.
Around 9-11, we had like an extra hour of sports because the Gelly was sitting there with his finger up his ass.
What are we going to talk about?
We have nothing to say about it.
And we're still talking sports because Duff was running around the halls.
Oh Greg, what do we do?
What do we do, you know?
Duff who can't decide which hand to wipe his ass with.
Good guy, but a real pansy, you know.
Here's a story, a poll count support for California recalls stalled.
Support for the recall, our governor, Gray Davis has stalled a new poll suggests.
While Lieutenant Governor Cruz Bustamani is open to slimly to the Republican Arnold Schwarzenegger in California.
The field poll set the release today, while I guess it's the release today, isn't it?
Eh!
Well I'm gang, as soon as I said Arnold likes their gagging.
Found that 55% likely voters support the recall down from 58% in the August poll,
but the difference remained within the poll's margin of error.
40% said the oppose to be calling again a three points from last month.
Meanwhile, a month ago, Bustamani and Schwarzenegger were about even,
but Bustamani's not open a small leave.
He's got a small opening, 30% to Arnold's 25%.
Senator Tom McClendon, a state senator,
leading conservative in the race, has strengthened his third place,
but getting 13% again in four points in recent weeks.
But that also within the margin of error.
Former baseball commissioner and business man, Peter Uburoff came in with 5%,
and colonists, Ariana Huffington, got support from 3%,
she's still Huffington puffing.
We see support from recall fading, said Gabriel Sanchez, a spokesman for the Davis group.
Schwarzenegger spokesman Todd Harris said the poll showed that a monk candidates to replace Davis,
it's a two-man race in Schwarzenegger's the only Republican with a chance to win Arnold.
It's a lie, it's not a two-man.
How do you like that?
Oh, it's scary, it's frightening.
It's one thing to be all, I have fun with it, if you laugh with it,
but the idea that there's somebody can take it seriously is so phenomenal.
It's a mind-bubbering, you know?
Yeah, it's amazing.
Well, what are all these taxes just pouring in here?
Facts?
I see.
Says, can you imagine a presidential election scenario where the only two candidates to pick from would be W and Julie Berman?
No.
No, I can't.
And it won't happen.
For the amount that I despise in low W, Julie Berman makes W's leadership skills look like Vince Lombardi.
See, you're going to football stuff again, I'm up two with a fact.
It's the same guy that affects yellow.
It's the same guy that just affects the other one, it's the same apprentice, the same type.
A-hole!
Scott is full of crap and based his author on his authoritarian manner of speaking needs to go on payless probation a bit longer.
Okay, no problem.
Here's the guy to suck, okay?
Okay.
During the last days of the war in Italy, dictator Venito Mussolini attempted to escape the advancing Allied army by hiding in a German convoy headed toward the Alps.
Parties and stopped in search to convoy at Dango.
Huh?
Dango is kind of like the Congo, but more white folks.
They found him in the back of a truck wearing a private's overcoat over his striped general's pants.
The partisans took him for his neighbors later joined by his mistress, Tera Patachi.
A few days later, both were executed near Mizegra.
Then on April 29, 1945, their bodies were hung at an SO gas station in the Pizzali Loretto in Milano, not in Rome in Milano.
The Pizzali Loretto.
Piazzali.
Got it?
Got it.
Along with several other fanshuth leaders.
It's always in Milano, not in Rome.
They were been in Milano, Rome?
Scott?
No, sir.
Try to know what you're talking about.
I've been in both of them, buddy, like that.
And I've also been in Bologna, which I think is what you're full of today, but that's okay, no one else can pay.
And you see, the way he said it, like he knew it is a fact, you know?
Do you have any idea how far Rome is from Milano?
Do you think they're like close side by each?
That's not how I remember it.
He was there.
That's not how he remembers it.
Well, it's kind of like all these palies weeks one day.
You'll say, oh, I remember that.
You'll be awarded it as one of those soldiers.
What's your take on this Thursday's two-year anniversary of 9-11-Raska today on theoranges.com?
So far, pretty blase, 485 votes.
We got four hard-buy duck and viscene right now.
They're out there grabbing it up.
Bad Schmidt will have an 18.
I won't travel at the 18.
I'm staying close to home all day in 19.
What me worry 140 and nothing will happen.
286 of full almost almost 60% of this audience are positive.
They would bet you a moose life on it.
That nothing's going to happen Thursday.
Absolutely.
Sure.
What do they got to lose?
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
So, dicks are fat.
You have to be guys.
Straight guys are like obsessed with dicks, but I don't think they want to see fat dicks.
No.
The other, you don't want to see old dicks.
They don't want to see fat dicks.
They want to see hot young dicks.
He looks sick, lesbian, not the butch truck driving diesel dyke.
Thank you very much.
Right.
Are you picking on Janet again?
There he goes.
Let's think about that.
Here's for a lottery.
Hello.
Mama, I'm in.
Okay.
Let's try Miami.
Hello.
Miami.
Hello.
When is this?
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No chance.
No chance.
Cisco.
566705 with that poncho.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
It's grim, man.
Really?
You're right.
You know something.
I got all these articles sitting here.
And for whatever reason, I don't know, maybe because it kills good time.
I feel compelled to take these idiotic phone calls.
See, I like that seven months, and I don't want to hear that you like that too, because it sounds like ass sucking.
Oh, you know what article I want to get into here?
I love this.
I didn't think I actually printed this one out.
From the British newspaper, the Guardian, just say no to abstinence.
I love this.
This is great.
I can't believe I actually have this thing in my hand.
26 past one at 560WQM.
How low can those interest rates go?
That's a question that people are asking everywhere you go.
How low can they go?
Now the financial group is doing the virtual limbo rock under the lowest prefinance rate you ever be hearing of.
1.95%.
That's right now you can refinance your home or buy a new home and get that super low 1.95% financing with the financial group.
Call them today.
When in doubt, check this out.
1-80940 land.
If you're even thinking about refinancing or buying real estate, you really ought to be looking into this.
Call financial group and 1-80940 land.
Talk about savings.
Listen to these payments.
If you have $100,000 loan, your payments are only $368 a month.
If you have a $200,000 loan, your pay only $736 a month.
So call financial group toll-free 1-80940 land to get the low, amazing, astonishing rock bottom rate that you've been scraping and searching for 1.95%.
Call financial group toll-free 1-80940 land.
That's 1-80940 LED.
Be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck told you to call the Renequal Housing Letter.
Credit restrictions apply.
Rate Subtíted Change Monthly 5.19 APR.
I am law.
This is 420 Abyssin.
QAM.
Tonight, a conversation with former President Bill Clinton on C-SPAM.
President Clinton, at what period of time can we adequately judge how a president did in our office?
I think you can make judgments all along, but I think those judgments will inevitably shift.
So how will history view the Clinton presidency?
I was counted to be one of the two or three worst American presidents.
I was a corrupt, drunken, I think the public isn't talking about that.
How much do you think we need to know about a president or a former president?
The story of his or her life.
I was a fraud for the beginning.
Illegal activity.
Will you have taxpayers money?
But quite a lot.
If people don't like it.
Will you deal with all of this in your memoirs?
Oh sure.
Oh, OK.
Well, I'm busy on the Internet.
OK. I'm looking at the thing out.
But I will take this call in line 9 all of them.
Very dubious.
Here's Indianapolis.
It says.
How you doing, Neil?
OK, sir.
I don't think anything's going to happen on September 11th.
I mean, that would be, that would be a little foolish, don't you think?
What do you mean it would be a little foolish?
What does that mean?
Well, if it's going to happen on September 11th, don't you think that something that will be expected?
I don't know.
I see we really don't know.
It could happen on the 11th of 12th, the 13th of the week from the circus.
We don't know.
We never know.
I heard George here the week complaining about some of the chronic.
Yeah.
What do we ever do to him?
Oh, yeah.
See, why do you believe these people?
I told you about off the way they did.
Hey, did this guy's a regular part?
He didn't.
That's why we wrote a lot crap up there.
Oh, anyway.
So I'm looking on the Internet here.
And let's say the word didn't end as big as mistake.
Yaudiane.
Oh, this is a long thing.
When a German surmited in Northern Italy in April 45, he was arrested again.
He and his mistress Claire Patacci were removed from the jail at a Julino demagritte mesegrin
lynched by the local communist partisans.
And they were hanged in Milano, like we said.
Okay.
What do we have to rehash that?
Oh, there are always number of hash in this because I actually believe what you wrote on there.
See, Scott, I'm finding out is an idiot.
You know what I'm saying?
I thought he really is.
He's an idiot.
That's just making him a bad guy.
He's just a moron.
You know, I could have told you that.
Oh, okay.
Well, I didn't realize that.
I thought that maybe you like knew something or had something to offer.
So I think generally what we're going to do is like on the days that he's doing, we'll just take the microphone out.
So because, you know, even if holding by accident, he might say something when we don't want that to happen.
Now, when a bad line rang before, and I noticed there was a lengthy conversation with that,
was that parents to tell you about signing the papers to get paid?
No.
Who was that?
That was Norm.
Wanting what?
Pictures of you.
Tell that fact to leave me alone.
Okay.
Tell them.
Don't call that radio station ever again.
I'm not giving them no pictures.
I'm not doing no Bobbillhead does.
I don't want to be bothered by him.
Okay.
First, I took here are the rumors, which is great.
And I'm picking here at him.
Leave me alone.
God.
Bapapapapapa.
This man lives in such a fantasy land.
It's just unbelievable with his fantasy baseball and his fantasy life and his fantasy of Fagoria.
Just leave me alone, Norm.
Okay.
Life is wonderful.
Oh.
It's like, you said it the other day.
It's like somebody is stalking me.
It's like, you know, if it's not a rumor, it's Norma.
The stalkers.
I did like that show.
Those stalkings a lot, but I guess you know that.
Yeah.
Man was he hot.
But anyway, just say no to abstinence, right?
Zoe Williams in the Guardian today.
He says abstinence, this is too long to read the whole thing.
Let me know when it gets boring.
Oh, now.
No.
Abstinence is a very American phenomenon.
It's always making news over here, not in terms of shopping or food or anything else.
The abstention from which might do the world any kind of favor.
And we're talking about abstinence from sex, specifically teenage sex, which is coincidentally
the only perpetually renewable resource known to mankind.
The onslaught on teenage sexuality is twofold.
There are the evangelical roachos that preach abstinence to marriage.
These are a full of Billy Graham style hysteria from excitable girls, but attendance is not
mandatory.
So even though they receive government grants, they constitute no violation of the constitutional
though not popular law against including religious beliefs in a public school system.
Abstinence training in schools is subtly different.
Because of that law, many of the programs don't even mention marriage.
They just say wait.
I once asked Andrew Donnerger, director of health in Rochester, New York, how long people
were supposed to wait?
He said, we don't specify.
We just say wait.
I said, what, you just take the time you want to have sex, add an unspecified amount of
time and then have sex?
He said, you're a pain in the ass, you know that?
I'm reading it.
I said, you're a pain in the ass, you know that?
Other programs have a Judeo Christian overtone, but being unable to make any concrete statements,
they concentrate instead on the rather nebulous idea that it's nice to be clean on one's
wedding night like Apollonia.
Painting virginity is an ice gift to bestow.
This business predates bush by 20 years, but predictably enough he's always been a
doubly believer.
In 1996 when he was governor of Texas, his state had the largest abstinence budget nationwide,
which he justified with the declaration abstinence is not about saying no.
It's about saying yes to a healthier, healthier, happier future.
Funding for just say no campaigns, now outstrips that for safe sex campaigns almost three
fold.
There are needless to say a lot of things wrong with this.
First many of the campaigns are absurdly scare mongering, which puts them up, puts the
wind up teens whenever we do have sex and makes them less likely to seek medical help
for treatable conditions.
Second, most of the dumb slogans like if you don't aim to please, don't aim to tease,
puts the onus on girls to act as gatekeepers to sexual experience, which is misogynistic.
Third, the overwhelming emphasis on teenage pregnancy expressly excludes homosexual
from the debate and a health conference organized by the right way medical institute of
sexual health in 2000.
A young female doctor was asked how she applied the abstinence message to a young homosexual
coming into her clinic.
She said, I would tell him that he was sitting against my lord.
Over here in Britain.
Over here in Britain things are very different.
The latest literature on the matter is entitled just say no to abstinence campaigns.
A substantial part of the budget remarked for teen sexual health is put to an educating
and supporting teenage mothers so that their predicament need not necessarily create
a cycle of poverty.
This is treated as a class issue rather than a moral one and rightly so since girls from
poor backgrounds are ten times more likely to become teenage mothers than girls from professional
ones.
This is the definitive comparison in any debate about the role of religion in the political
process.
Evangelical opinions so often get levels backs up on individualistic issues, homophobia,
misogyny, so-called family values, which castigate the very people, single parents, who
are taking the greatest responsibility.
In fact, where faith intersects with politics is almost always about class and poverty, this
is why the religious writings just where the religious life doesn't know and ever crusades
for the very poor on a biblical ticket.
Politicians draft in faith-based opinion where they want to reframe an issue of underprivileges
one of immorality.
The social consequences of inequity can be then put down to the fact that some people
are just born bad and also by malign coincidence born poor.
We always take a great deal of interested American and the shifts that are implicitly religious,
we view them as an exotic quirk like French presidents and their mistresses or Austrians
and their fascists.
But there's nothing exotic about the way Evangelical Christianity in particular operates
in American society, it's just a predictable function of right-wing policy-making.
As Alistair Campbell memorably remarked, over here we don't do God, we don't do God at
all.
This must be the most valuable distinction still ex-extend between us in America, that
we have yet to fall back on bogus concepts of morality to explain why some teens sleep
around in chocolate and some don't.
Sorry if that sounds like Trumpolism, but God knows we don't have much.
Pretty good I'd say, eh?
Yeah, but I would have rather heard some calls.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Jordan once there are some of those good calls.
Tom Baht, Tom 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Maniko, here's Hyalie, that's always good for one.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you, Neil?
Okay.
Well, talking about September 11, you know, it's funny how people still refuse to
hear like, you know, terrorism and all of this crap.
Basically, you know, first of all, we got to look at who benefited from 9, 11.
And it seems to me it's very obvious who got the benefit from it.
And who is that?
Well, the government, US government.
The administration got the benefit from it because they got to go to war and all of
these corporations make money because of it.
So what are you trying to say to the government was responsible for 9, 11?
Well, definitely they have something to do with it.
Have you know that?
Well, they're definitely based on what?
Well, there's a lot of inconsistencies like what happens to the black boxes of the planes.
Yeah.
They could never found those that say they were destroyed yet again.
They found the leftovers of apparently a passport from one of the hijackers.
BBC reported it on their website that some of the hijackers are actually alive somewhere.
Yeah.
It seems pretty odd that all of those things that we have in place, having the most advanced
intelligence, having, you know, monitoring the light and satellite.
Well, what happens is that we have the most advanced intelligence when George Tenned was
the director of the CI testified just a few weeks ago that there's no connection.
There's no evidence whatsoever.
Any connection between Iraq and Al Qaeda?
What happens is that we have it and then the public gets lied to.
What's the point?
What I'm trying to explain it, I'm going with you, meaning that they're telling us all
these lies when in reality their plans are very, very different.
And all of the media, it's all geared to manufacture consent, so to make people believe that
the lighting and all of this.
We've been feeding, we've been fed the lighting for years.
And then all of a sudden, this happened and the clear blame had to go towards them.
And still they still haven't found them.
Saddam Hussein is nowhere to be found.
And we keep on now, now they're trying to gear themselves for another attack.
And I wouldn't be surprised before the elections 2004.
Surprisingly, there's another attack and then we got to go to war to Iran and to defend
this country.
And supposedly these elections, which there were never elections in the last elections,
because this guy was placed there by his father.
By the Supreme Court, yes.
And what makes us think that now that they have computer voting, next time we go to the
elect to the polls, is just going to be a formality, to make people believe they're going to vote.
And we're still going to have to do it, because it's a good point.
I think they probably already have to print out what the numbers are going to be in each
state.
You think that Jab has got the Florida numbers?
We probably got that.
We had an article on a website a few days ago about that, about these computerized machines
and how there's so much easier to fix than the other ones.
Yeah.
Mom, I just mentioned that in passing.
Not that there are any fixed elections in America.
I just mentioned that for you.
Never had been, never will.
No.
Not in America, baby.
Land of the free in home of the naive.
What, so what the hell was he trying to say?
Why, in local, where sports radio 560's, you a, you a, m.
For David's, a bitch.
Okay, so Georgia, in fact, as me says, we got a new bush bit from Bokobrine.
You want me to fire it off?
Sure.
Music
Music
He was the damage in that period.
Who's once in a hole?
Bustinks
Yeah, yeah
Bustinks
Yeah, yeah
Bustinks
Yeah, yeah
Bustinks
No question about it, which is why I stay away from it as much as possible.
529 votes, what's your take on Thursday's 2 year anniversary of 9-11?
11 say I'm buying duct tape in this, and now the WQAM.
Oh, wow.
Somebody had reset this machine.
Well, I'd like beat the crap out of them.
I'm buying duct tape in this way right now, 11.
I won't travel that day, 19.
I'm staying close to them all day, 20.
Bad Schmidt will happen, 20.
So just, you know, a smattering.
But what me worry 146?
And nothing will happen to you after 13.
See, the guy that called me four and said, well, I would be too obvious them doing that.
Well, maybe it wouldn't, maybe it wouldn't, you know what I'm saying?
Right.
The general feeling is that, oh, well, they're not going to do it again on the day that would be so obvious
is to repeat on the second anniversary.
Just like last year, they were, and of course, you recall last year, he was using the tragedies of 9-11
to pump up support for this arachitech, which subsequently they went and done.
Under the guise of, well, we're fighting in the war on terror is never ending in all over the world in Yadi-Adi,
so they can go in there with the Iraqi oil pipeline, all the other crap, you know.
They couldn't get the Afghan pipeline going, so now it's the arachitech.
The only problem being that we just decimated the country and killed Zidians of people,
our people are dying over there every day, and we got nothing but chaos, and it's coming unglued and unravelled moment by moment.
I just wondered, though, in the midst of all this.
Yeah.
Why is it that most people live in trailer parks listen to country music?
Oh.
You know, one gets the other.
Is that what it is?
Sure.
I don't think you go to a trailer park in here, Aero Smith coming from the speakers, or Elton John.
It's a typical hippo.
Huh?
Oh, they have those trailer parks too.
I'm talking about...
Well, this is how we're going to say the people on Jerry Springer, but then again, are there black trailer parks?
Without a doubt.
Get out of here.
I'll help drive you to someone when you come back down.
No.
There are black people living in trailer parks?
There are rural black people in case he didn't know.
I'll be damned.
By the way, Peter Uberoth dropped out of the race in California.
I forgot what he just dropped out.
How many votes did he have?
About third, man.
I don't think so.
El Paso is what he said.
The former baseball commissioner, Peter Uberoth.
He said his name was a little bit too confusing, unlike these simple names on there, like, you know, great Davis and Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Hello.
Law suits blaming airlines, the Port Authority and the Boeing company for injuries and deaths in the 9-11 terrorist attacks can proceed if federal judge ruled today.
This just in.
The defendants had argued that the suits should be dismissed because they had no duty to anticipate and guard against deliberate and suicidal aircraft crashes, and because any alleged negligence on their part was not the cause of the death and injuries.
In his 49-page ruling, U.S. District Judge Alvin Hellerstein said the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which owns the World Trade Center property, is not shown,
that it will prove its defense of governmental immunity as to negligence allegations made by WTC occupants.
What is that?
It's not shown that it will prove its defense.
The judge also said the evidence he had seen does not support Boeing's arguments, that the invasion and take over the cockpit by the terrorist fees it from liability.
The plaintiff said Boeing should have designed the cockpit doors to prevent hijackers from invading the cockpit.
The plaintiffs had also argued that the American United Airlines and the Port Authority were legally responsible to protect people on the ground when the hijack aircraft smashed into the twin towers, causing them to collapse.
The ruling was based on the cases of about 70 of the injured and representatives of those who died in the 2001 attacks on the WTC depending on the crash of a hijack plane in Pennsylvania.
I still realize that I'm a skeptic, call me ignorant, call me dubious and suspicious, but I'm still a little bit curious about how that long lag time between the first and the second one,
whether any and no interception, no respect, and then the long, long lag time. What was it like a half an hour?
Sure. Me before they hit the Pentagon.
I mean, you know, just thinking out loud again.
And look, this is Port Real by City.
WQAM
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to the Dhamma people killed with the gas that we sold him.
The first time a dresser nation and the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea and the nooks there toe to never right wing is drilling it over and over into our head.
That Iraq has some weapons of past destruction.
The Middle Eastern world will be destroyed by the war against the U.S.
Our now forgotten, let's exploit them instead.
Hate their oil to be cotton going after satan to play kato sama.
There's no longer mention of the name in Latin, but no one seems concerned of.
Come be in complacent, believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our heads.
That Iraq has some weapons of past destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the ash drop this saying.
I have nothing to hide, table talkers all are saying.
Blind obedient cattle don't have any reservation.
South and promote battle and world annihilation.
Old regime must fall in hallowed virgin itself with no objection at all.
Then the crap don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our brain wash pad.
I rack has some weapons of past destruction.
Only I rack has some weapons of past destruction.
What a great job Eric did on our website.
Did you see that?
That's the stuff is up there.
I'd like to explain more on how we feel our president is in town today.
The sac known bush bear weld to our 04 protest today.
High at hotel, pier 66 and 4 lottery.
It'll be there at 5 o'clock.
We're a black shirt.
Bring a white cross representing a soldier killed in a rack and a sign of protest.
Randy Rhodes agadas.
It'll be there.
If you want more information on a call Robert at 561-222-9140.
Maybe you want to wear your 22.
The mad dogs neck.
Bye bye bye.
What is that?
I don't know.
What the hell is that?
I think it's a communist plot.
Can you watch a show on 5th?
Who did you weigh in?
Miami for Lure Hale.
Our from Boka.
Big giant blue dark ass.
