This is Sunny Clarkson, I listen to the O'Rodges because I can hear the word asshole.
Alright!
Baby, let me see that we're lacking in the form
I'm a provider at life that will be you by the dawn
You say it and say it's the one again
Now that I've only one big day to live
No point without you gone, we got a bad way of hoping and saying you got a good way
But all the taxes don't go, we got it, where it's most likely
You say money level is what they got you to believe
Can't get any double but a one party card to believe
You believe what they say, like the call
Like the call of the lawful, I say you my name
I'm scaring a state to the core, with you
All the election law without a push is got it, where it's most likely
Get them on your knees, you got them, yeah, yeah
10 out of 2 at 560 WDQ and that poker brine is a freaking genius
You know, they always talk about the fine line between insanity and genius
Yup
He's it
Anyway thanks, Bokeh, I got your CDs that he sent me, I got a thing from Amazon.com and I'm here yesterday
And I wonder what the hell is this, I didn't order them on these
And there they were, one of the movies was Tucker about the car, yes I thought that
And then the other one was like mother Tucker about the guy with the bow tie
I don't remember what the other one was, it's in the other room somewhere
Thanks Bokeh, I got them, that's for you
Anyway, we got the Scott Jr., we're going to send out today in fact, now that we found Sodom
The next project for the administration is going to be to find Scott Jr. in a QM van
I think they got a better chance of finding Osama than finding Scott Jr.
That's a big story in Neverland and it's not the one that CNN is hocking right now either, it's in New York Post
But we'll get to that momentarily
So do we know where we're going to send him and when or not? I know that's a silly question
I haven't heard yet
Okay, Miguel's working on it, that's what I heard
The girl's working on it but seriously, crack open a champagne because my prediction is
I rarely make predictions on these ratings things but if the diaries fell in the right hands
I think if we got a decent November
And keep in mind the trend that's coming out today, every month we go through this
Folks just be happy no matter what you do for a living, you don't have to get rated every freaking month
Every month, not just every three months, every month we go through this garbage
And we're dropping off a really bad August, how come Muff didn't remind me that when she came in this morning
She left it out
She had bigger fish to fry, huh?
Left it out
Well, he left it out
And I said put it back in
But at any rate, that's what Clarence had put it back in
So at 1 o'clock we got the trends coming out and I think that because it's all pre-for-rel
It's all like through about the November 18 and what day did he get canned?
Look on the calendar
It was on a Wednesday in November
I think what was the Wednesday?
Josh has looked at the calendar but he's looking at December, he hasn't flipped it yet
Flip it, Josh
Well, how can he flip it? Didn't you turn November off already?
Yeah, we turn November off
Huh, how about that?
So like I said, I get a calendar here
Yeah
It's not really that big of a deal but if you want to stall it, kill some time, that's good with me
Yeah, no
Let's kill some time till the ratings come out of 1 o'clock
And it will see
And if George has an OCD, he ripped November off this one too
Yeah
So we always ate about the 17, 18, something like that
So the point being is that Farrell was with a story that had whole period of time
And it looked like he was just taking off like gangbusters right about the time they fired his ass
And now we got, you know, we got the little dog in there which is great, everybody likes Joe
But of course it's the sports nerd festival
Man, they were just foaming at them up
They wants that blows and the J-Feeler sucks and then off ends this but
I like the one of the last guys that called her this morning
He says, every time I get upset about the dolphins, I think I just want a world series
That's what he said, I just want a world series
Not the Barlin's one a world series, he says I want a world series
Does he own the team?
Which is even better than when Dan LaBastry said in 97 that the Cubans won the world series
But I mean this guy is even more like personal, he won it
So who the hell just send that punch pack in which they already did
We don't need him or anybody else because this guy won a world series
I'm impressed
What do we have that under?
What do I have this?
David Samson
How the hell would you know?
We did it!
What's the other one he said?
We won, did he say we won a world series?
I don't know where they held it
Anyway, let's take a look at yesterday's poor result
Which of these was the greatest active hypocrisy?
They had quite a shindig there, quite a solid dance
In fact, what was she on last night?
One of the shows, 60 minutes 2
The daughter, S.E. May, LC May
And they asked her and they showed some of the clips from Strom Thurman
Some of his really racist grotesque
One of the debates with Hubert Humphrey
And I mean just the nastiest, most hostile racist
The getting the back of the bus and drink from a separate water fountain
Kind of segregationist, some bitch
And they asked her, well why didn't you come forward during that period of time?
And like say something
Why didn't you come public in the admonition for his grotesque?
Well, I didn't want to interfere in his life
And it's his ill, pretty lame
Pretty weak
But there's always going to be the apologists
You don't remember what they were with us?
Don't confuse the public with the facts
Because in South Carolina they liked Old Strom
He was right up there alley
In fact, I guarantee you that if they could prop his body up on a goddamn coffin somewhere
They could run him again
How many votes we have yesterday?
We had the 1200 and some odd, 1278
Greatest active hypocrisy, Rush Limbaugh, Illegal Pill Popper
Winds hands down, 421
Nobody can touch Rush
This crown hates the old Rush Meister
Races Strom Thurman, father of illegitimate black daughter, 268
She wasn't really black, she was kind of like Mocha
Koch, who's how George W. Bush lectures about morality 241?
Reverend Jesse Jackson, father's illegitimate child, they all love child, 146
Jim Baker, Ripsoff, his father turns out to be a pervert, 89
Jimmy Swagger, it sins with hookers, 53
Philandering representative Henry Hyde, lectures Clinton on morality, 52
I guess they don't remember Henry Hyde, and that poor guy out in western whose wife Henry stole
And lied about it and said he wasn't married, they don't remember that, do they?
No! No, how soon they forget, just like they probably don't remember the guy who had the Butterfly ballot
And Theresa LaPore in Palm Beach, and the old Jews voted for Papu Can and probably most of whom are dead
Huh?
And in last place, Born Again, see, I mean the geezer, he got a few votes, he got seven
But he's small potatoes compared to these other guys
Born Again, John, the Beeservant Beeservant calls one of his players his goalie, Amnigger
And then got kicked out of the league, seven out of 1278
So Rushwin's hands down your pants, now get into the Michael Jackson thing
Actually the thing that our first pool deals with is John Hinckley
You really got to wonder, what's it all about?
How can they possibly be letting this man go unsupervised?
Especially in 1999, after they decided this once before, and then four years ago he started like right into Jody Foster again
First of all, let's just tell you right off the bat, any guy that's obsessed with Jody Foster doesn't that tell you he's a little bit off?
Like you'd expect maybe Scott Jr., he's the kind of guy you'd expect to have like a Jody Foster blow up the hall somewhere
Right?
Oh, I'm telling you, he's exactly the kind of guy, I hope that QA and Van doesn't cost him a lot of money
Because he's the kind of guy that you just expect one of these days is just going to like be a suicide bomber in a QA and Van
You just know it, right?
He's going to go into some office building somewhere and lock himself in with like two AK-47s
They just start just blowing everybody away, I'm telling you that's got you and you're aiming right?
Probably this building
He seems like the type, well that's one more good reason not to be the nice go-neel
Oh, good
Thank you
Anyway, so we're going to send him out Miguel, oh that's right, I know where we're sending him right across the street where he can't get lost
That was my idea, am I thinking that we usually knew pretty good in that hood
Because there's a lot of money in the neighborhood, a lot of people got some leftover from their drug deals
So right over there by Chuck's on the sub-center, a corner of Ivesdale Road in 441, look for the QA and Van
We'll be giving you a TBA the time with our best meal merch and nice
And you can also drop off some toys for Joe and Mark's toy drive for the, what is it for?
The Joe DeLagia's Children's Hospital
The Joe DeLagia's Children's Hospital, new and unwrapped toys alike
No more stuffed animals though, right?
Yeah, what was the rationale for that we don't want stuffed animals?
It's because Scott keeps those
Oh, because some kids have allergies to the what's in the stuffed animals
Hey listen, you'll take whatever we give you, okay kids?
Don't be choosy
Anyway, speaking of that, King of Pop, this is amazing, a New York Post exclusive this morning
The King of Pop is restarting himself, Jacko X
Michael Jackson last night became a member of the Nation of Islam
And sources told the Post this religious changeover comes along with a shakeup of his personal stand
See, I don't want to say they're going to make it into a raffle thing
High ranking members of the Nation of Islam have been working to bring Jackson into the Reverend Louis Perrican's flock
And Jackson's conversion is well known now in the NOI, the Nation of Islam community
Exactly why Jackson converted wasn't clear to the post sources
But Fox News' website reported yesterday that Jackson's brother, Germaine, who converted to Islam in 1989
has been seeking to in favor with his more famous sibling
In other words, he wants back on a gravy train
And his brother, Farrakhan's chief of staff, Leonard F. Mohamed, and Jacko's inner circle as a bodyguard
That's just one of many changes underway in Jackson's inner circle sources said
Word of Jackson's religious conversion comes as prosecutors prepared to formally file charges against him
And a California child molestation case and his authorities agreed to return Jackson's passport to him
So we can travel to Great Britain this weekend for two and a half weeks
He'll be back, won't he?
Well, maybe
No
Jackson isn't expected to return till January 6th, lawyer said in court papers
They also agreed to put off his arraignment for five days till January 16th
He's got duens in Britain
Maybe he and Prince Charles are getting together
Although there's talk that some in Jackson's camp ought to replace defense attorney Mark Garagos that mustan-showed asshole
The high-priced Hollywood attorney appeared in a firm control yesterday
And met privately in the afternoon with Santa Barbara County District Attorney Thomas Stedden
Stedden said he plans to file the charges personally this afternoon for a clock eastern time at the courthouse in Santamaria, California
The king of pop has vigorously denied the molestation charges
LA County Social Awareness just goes out where we know that
Santa Barbara County Sheriff Jim Thomas said he believes the alleged Santa Barbara County molestation took place after that LA County probe
See, that's going to be the thing they're going to be looking for is the date
Because the initial probe, if you put an expression to replace in February of this year
And they're going to say that, oh, I guess what? All of these charges took place post that date
Post, got it?
Yeah
So I'm sure that we're all going to be sitting around with our fid and cherries, fish food, coffee, coffee, crunch
You like the coffee, coffee, crunch? That's my new favorite
Yeah, it better than the stuff I had last night
Oh yeah, and Beast had some stuff last night, he had some of that really good low carb
Barbaric Barbaric Barbaric
Ice cream, he should have gone to the lights and gotten their carbolite
I don't think that has any of that stuff in it
But Beast went to the supermarket and got some low carb
Ice cream and after he ate it, he thought, well, I better look at the ingredient
And the first ingredient is he dropped the container on the floor on the way to the magic room
Turned out to be a servital
I scored Beast-o
So he's about a pound and a half lighter today, hell of a way to do it
From it it's after 10 to 560 WQM, it's a big day, man
Get the cakes ready in the party favors and the balloons
And all the other good stuff
Get Carlos from out front there, he can blow the balloons
No
Big news, Halette Pontiac, he said he'd cheer like to blow yours up
No
Halette Pontiac GMC is now AutoCity Pontiac GMC of Pinecriss
Expect the same great Neal deals and customer satisfaction, you're accustomed to for about the 5,000 years when they were called Halette Pontiac
And right now at AutoCity of Pinecriss, it's an end of the year, Clue and Cerela all remaining
2003's in stock, take advantage of 0% financing for up to 72 months or save up to 9,000
Brand with rebates and incentives, they'll save it again, save yourself up to 9,000 dollars at AutoCity Pontiac
Attention lease customers, ask AutoCity of Pinecriss about their lease pull ahead early termination program
And there's even more great Neal deals than ever at the brand new AutoCity Pontiac GMC of Pinecriss
For a limited time to sign and drive home your new GMC Cerela with absolutely positive leave
Absolutely no money down, it's the new AutoCity Pontiac GMC of Pinecriss
Same great location, no 13411 South Dixie Highway that's US 1 across from the falls open every day of your life 7 days a week
If you want more info call the Neal deal hotline toll free 1,885344211
That's 1,885344211 all offer subject credit approval
See the folks at AutoCity for details, the brand new AutoCity Pontiac GMC of Pinecriss
Low prices without the high pressure
We're sports video 5608 UAM
A stench of palminor covers over this performance by the dolphins
You and I went to the bar we drank some whiskey from the jar
We got drunk all over town then I asked you to go down you goptest like a master but soon there was disaster the food sure went down easy
Now you're saying you're queasy it felt good to go down the bar
Just like it should but then it's gone cause you were drunk you spilled your guts
Pugin on my nose
This drunk in horror is really wack I woke down to see her last snack head come right back
Pugin on my sack
I thought I could get a decent hammer but dinner on my boner is a bummer
And now my lap is full of crap cause my monster take all your tonsils fill your guts
Pugin on my guts
I was hoping for a decent PJ but now I am wearing Chinese buffet
All my bones were getting louder now my lap looked like cramped chowder and that's the slut
Pugin on my guts
I should have held back my frust you lost your lunch now my lap has turned to disgust
Oh Pugin on my guts
Dumpin all your lunch
Pugin on my nose
All right
1019 at 560 WQM happy Tanuka, Merry Christmas, Jappy New Year
And all those other religious things aren't they all about New Year ain't
Yeah it is as a matter of fact isn't it? Cause the Jews got their own New Year and the Chinese got theirs
Everybody's got their own different thing
Anyway we already got 40 votes on the new pool just astonishing and shocking to me
There is another category I would have put on there but the beast and the Josh don't need the secret service knocking on the door of the studio today
So I won't put it on there
Thanks
Anyway here's the pool the first one we got another one coming up later
What's your take on the decision to allow John Hinckley to have unsupervised trips?
Only in America while I'll read you the result is so far because it's already on there
Nice going Eric
Only in America it's insane 22
Why not he's been declared fit 10
He should have been executed 7 that's what I voted he should have been an oft
And who's John Hinckley won out of 40
What is Chris Darden?
The one extra charge
Nice job on OJ by the way Chris
You have a minor perhaps the only thing that I can think of Michael how I'm not a motorcycle
Chris
Well you know that in and of itself in terms of it being the charged defense is minor
You know that is contributing to that
See that's the problem doing it with minor
I don't give a sh**
Okay Chris just come down
So that's our first pool question today only in America it's insane
Why not he's been declared fit he should have been executed in who's John Hinckley
It's just amazing
The kind of crap that we turn loose out there in the streets
And just like the thing with Michael Jackson
They're going to file the formal charges for this afternoon and they're going to say
Oh and we agreed to give you your passport back and you go to Britain for two and a half weeks
And we're sure you'll be back
Right
I can just envision another OJ again can't you?
Only this hand can be a Bronco chase up and down to Hershey Highway
It'll be more difficult than looking for a Scott Jr in the middle of a Haystack
A federal judge said yesterday that the man who shot President Reagan could make unsupervised visits with his parents away from the mental hospital
Or he's lived for more than two decades
A Justice Department official speaking of course like everybody does on condition of anonymity
Said US district judge Paul Friedman issued the order granting John Hinckley Jr's request
Hinckley 48 has lived at St. Elizabeth's Hospital in Washington since he was acquitted in 1982
By reason of insanity in the shootings of Reagan presidential press secretary James Brady and two law enforcement officers
Reagan was nearly killed and Brady was permanently disabled
Hinckley said he shot Reagan to a press actor Jodie Foster
During five days of hearing psychiatrist testified for Encle the government of a hospital
Said his mental health had improved to the point where he wouldn't be a threat to himself or others
If he would leave the hospital for visits with his parents
But government lawyers opposed the request insisting that the would be assassin was still dangerous
And trying to deceive his doctors
Hospital officials have said there have been no problems with Hinckley on a supervised trip to such places as a bowling alley
The theater in a shopping mall, the secret service watches Hinckley whenever he leaves the hospital grounds
The psychiatrist said allowing Hinckley to leave unsupervised was the next step in his recovery from his mental illness
Reagan's family and Brady's wife Sarah Brady of a Poet Hinckley's request
Sarah Brady sent later the judge Reagan's children Patty Davis and Ron Reagan Jr. made their opposition known in the media
In fact, Ronnie Jr. is doing his dancing attack dance in all over the place right now
He's so pissed off and fired up can you just see him in his valley tights again Ron Reagan Jr.
And the Nancy was pissed off and fired up too she said just say to John Hinckley Jr.
And they didn't do it. They didn't just say no like anybody else nobody else just says no because Nancy says so but they won't do it
See this business about this the psychiatric stuff is all about your bull crap you do realize that don't you why because it is how about how about Ted Bundy was he saying
No, no how about Charles Manson is he saying no no how about so what's the difference in other words when somebody this this business of the insanity
Play just like they tried with his leave Malvo by the way is gonna get the he's gonna get his it's full crap it's just an excuse no if we really cared about mental health in America
Then we wouldn't execute anybody because nobody in their right mind can do the kinds of things what about John Wayne Gacy was he saying no of course not crazy person
How about who did we just execute the Oklahoma City what that was his name come on don't have any idea
Who blew up the goddamn federal building in Oklahoma City that we executed not that long ago come on let's go be
Geez come on I can picture him too you can do it he used to play for the Rams tight end
Used to be a center for the Maple Leaf I can't come up with it oh my you can't come up with it you see what kind of a radio station them on folks hey I left the other one
Miguel's here with the this is Miguel Miguel unless it is the name ends in zero he wants to have a date with today all I mean
Go ahead and go I do you know this he's not happy I ran him out he's not happy with what that I
Then ran in a mod like it's a big surprise like it's a big secret that just because he looks good that don't mean he's not a dodo bird
We know how bright he is the
He's like tall like he's got brown hair I can't picture I can't go no the change since I was there executed right glasses yeah I okay well
We'll keep we'll let you keep working on it I'll work on was he saying no did we fry him yes how about to the Univomber
Ted Kaczynski was he saying no no so this business about world he insanity play in our businesses to rehabilitate him that's
Bull crap that's not the way to justice system works at all by the way yes Timothy McVeigh very good now who told you yeah he went out to the hallway
I knew he did oh man he stuck his head out there so until he made Vanny wasn't even speak Spanish had he like that talk one up from a girl now speaking of crazy people
Where we said in Scot Jr. I think you just got the facts I just got the facts
Oh he reached right back here and here it is in my hand right now it doesn't say though it just has a big question mark
We have to decide we have to decide what where we're going to send lost in space we already decided I just got
To announcing it only moments ago across the street I thought you just asked yeah crosses street to the corner of a 441 and I was very
Road right by Chuck subs is Miguel already forgotten that we discussed it before the show asshole no no he didn't forget it was my bad I see
From now to when he going over there realize it'll take him like at least 30 seconds to get across the street and make that left turn from whenever he gets there to two well
That's that's not good enough let's let's not jerk the audience around you can jerk Scott Jr. around believe me that don't take much but don't
You know let's give them some idea when he's going to be there so they'll come driving from the hinterlands to pick up our merchandise and make a nice donation and then find out that he's not there somewhere
Let's say 11 o'clock okay he's not here yet so we have to wait for Scot Jr. to get here
Anyway he'll be there sometime as soon as he finds his way to work and he'll be there at 2 o'clock right across from the prestigious QM studios right across from Kentucky
Fry over to the Chuck sub center on a corner of 441 and I was very well going get a sub and a bunch of stuff from Chuck's while you're waiting
It's good guy later today Josh Cordis will have the best stuff with him at Tony Roma 7 to 9 love them in US one in South Miami right by the old WNWS studios net old beauty parlor
Where they started holding up the convenience store across the street every other night after the Maryl boat lift got in don't give me started on it again and then tomorrow
Boy, this will take this will kill the whole rest of the show this promo page
We got 48,590 which means we're just 1,410 bucks away from 50 grand for abandoned par rescue
That's about half what I hope for but you know something away things are going with charities this year and everybody's tight with a cash
I'll we'll take it and then of course whatever else comes after that that's like the gravy train right it's like the frosting on the old cake
We got the cake yet to celebrate for the big rating party this afternoon no you ought to get some food in there I don't want to be like force feeding
But I'm as fat as a pig I got to admit I just have ballooned up like a cow I hate to say that but it's true
And that's the beast working with a beast all week is inspired me to do it
Noon to tomorrow you got little George who's on vacation
But still the yeoman that he is because he needs the cash she'll be working noon to two he'll be at Fort Lauderdale Harley on federal just south of open park Boulevard
Also free food from Atlantic City subs as well tomorrow noon to two with George
Fort Lauderdale Harley and tonight the Joanne Mark show starting at two in the morning is live from cafe Aguana
And they'll be collecting toys all night long and throughout the day it'll seven o'clock tomorrow night new and unwrapped toys to benefit the Joanne
As your children's hospital and because they've bigdened pleaded we'll put them on here for about 30 seconds tomorrow how many seconds
But third man and I'll be more than enough ten twenty eight at five sixty WQM
Hey, it's the 25th anniversary sale going on right now at Brandeys shoes in Pompe no Beach
You always save a ton of cash there because and that's what I've been around so long
They give you unbeatable prices the top brand names and a business to slap on your feet friendly personal service to make sure you get a perfect fit every time
They got rock ports echoes Mephisto Timberland Clark's floor shine S.A.S. All the top names in the shoe business and they got as far as sizes are concerned
You couldn't beat him with a stick they got men size six to fifteen women's five to twelve
Whits from the very narrow to the very wide so no matter how big or smaller stranger
Pecule your your footies they can slap something on it for a perfect fit Brandeys shoes. They're still in that same great location
12-90 North federal highway pop it'll be to open Monday through Saturday 9-9 in every Sunday 10-5 and
During their 25th anniversary sale was really a great time to buy floor shimes at Brandeys because all this week at Brandeys shoes
Save 25% off on all men's outstanding floor shine styles so stop into Brandeys this week for sure or check them out in the web at Brandeys shoes dot com
This is 20-06 UAM
I want to bang you in the butt honey
Dink crash
Oh, it's turned up to the IRS
Janet Reno and the ATF
It took a beat to him the press wide
He plays that bomb and cause so much strife
Will he get the chair or instead will he get life to the day
I've annoyed about the USA
Her room or that he might be gay according to my 48
I hate the government just as much as most of you
But I'm not ignorant though I have a low IQ
Militiamans
Most of them are doing 8 to 10
They can have their weapons in the pen
Worked in the midfay
Be joining them
Yes
And John Hinckley should have been sitting in the clinic with his wife
Eggnobas stick about it
Lunatic and let's give them some unsupervised trips
I mean the bowling was okay in occasional movie or two here and there
What's the most violent movie you can think of?
How about Killed Bill?
Maybe that was one of the movies they led John Hinckley out to watch
Killed Bill
Really sad
And anyway he'll be out and of course there will be some people watching
Make no mistake about it
They call unsupervised all they want
They'll be watching they'll be looking over his shoulder
Scott Jr. is here
Scott Jr. is there so send us ass across the street if he can find
To give him a cup of syrup map of the search party
And see if he can find Chuck Subcenter right on the corner there across the street
Right kitty corner where he's sitting right now
Miguel told me to go to a shell station
Let me say it again if you're not across the street by 1045
I'm using map quest that should be there in time
Excellent
Getting in the van first to be a good idea
Anyway the QM van will be on the corner
Ivesderry Road in 441 from about 1036 until to the Sanctuary with our Vestinium merchandise
And also drop by your toys for Donemark
Anyway see there's a pissing contest between the Miss Fudge and Bill O'Reilly
About who sold the most books and who's the biggest liar who's compulsive and all this other crap
And O'Reilly says that let's see there's no other cure than the Kill Mad Roger
O'Reilly said I'm this this morning
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
What a couple it's like a snit fit is what it is
And what caused all of this is because Bill O'Reilly is usual as a liar
Everybody knows that
Mixed crap up
On NBC's today show Monday this week he said
Oh we outsold Frank and all over the place
We're running against Hillary for most copies of nonfiction books sold this year
Guess why
Just have a lie from Bill O'Reilly
Guess what the top selling nonfiction book of the year is going to make you want to die
The South Beach Diet
My parents are on it
One of the biggest frauds it's just a cheap rip off of the Atkins Diet
It's the most stupid I've got to book right in the other room I bought it
You know my dad lost 9 pounds the first week
Woo!
Well good for him
So in other words your whole family is fat
You know he's big but he's not fat
He's not like me
Fat not completely overweight
My mom is like fat family
My mom lost 80 pounds when she was younger
She's now out of the world
She also is fat
Fat runs in your family
And that's why they're force feeding you
And want to keep you fat which is why you screwed us over and balanced for life
A whole bunch of times
Fat third man
Even though we were making your slimming shrimp
First of all your problem is you're afraid to be a thin
You see I'm not
What do you mean afraid to be thin?
You're afraid to be thin
What does that mean?
It means that you're afraid you cling to your fat
Because you want to be this waddling little round
Because you're afraid that you might actually be physically attractive
I know you got that hot date tonight
I do
Nothing's going to happen
She couldn't find it if she had
If she borrowed Scott Jr. search party
She couldn't find it
She said she's all about personality
She said she could find it?
No she didn't say that
Well she hasn't tried to look for you
It's only the first thing
Believe me, trust me
She ain't going to find it with both hands
Anyway, South Beach diet
And number two
Purpose driven life
I have no idea
That's another one who's stupid
Living history by Hillary Clinton number three
A million over a million copies
I have mine right here
I bought that
So I bought two of the top three
In fact let's see
Four
Five
I bought five of the top eight selling books this year
That's amazing because I don't really buy a lot of books
I like to get them for free
Living history by Hillary
I've been reading from it on the air a few words here and here
And that was enough
All the minute wait solution by fat Phil McGraw
Total phony
Total fraud
Lies in the lying liars who tell them
Al Franken's number five
I got far out selling Bill Riley
Franken's book 674,000
Bill Riley, 430,000
That's number six who's looking out for you
And way behind Hillary not even just over half
In fact less than half of what Hillary's
Assault and due to where's my country's number eight
Michael North 165,000 copies
Anyway the big story I'll be for the big story
US soldier killed an ambush in Iraq
An American soldier was killed an ambush in Baghdad yesterday
The first American combat related
Casualty since Sodom Hussein was captured
A US central command statement said the soldier
From the first armored division was ambushed while on patrol
In the Iraqi capital and other soldier and Iraqi interpreter were wounded
The big story of the day 9-11 Chairman says attack was preventable
Sawed on the CBS evening news last night
You see it? No
For the first time the Chairman of an independent commission investigating
The September 11th attacks are saying publicly that 9-11 could have
And should have been prevented report CBS news correspondent Randall Pinkston
This is a very very important part of history and we've got to tell
The rights of Thomas Kane
As you read the report you're going to have a pretty clear idea of what wasn't done
And what should have been done he said this was not something that had to happen
Meaning 9-11
Appointed by the Bush administration, Kane a former Republican governor of New Jersey
Is now pointing fingers inside the administration and laying blame
There are people that if I was doing the job would certainly not be in a position
They were in at that time because they failed
They simply failed Kane said
To find out who failed and why the commission is navigated to political landmine
And threaten the subpoena to gain access to president stop secret daily briefs
Those documents may shed light on one of the most controversial assertions of the Bush administration
That there never was any thought given to the idea that terrorists might fly an airplane into a building
Which is even a bigger lie than the ones that Bill O'Reilly tells
I don't think anybody could have predicted they would try to use an airplane as a missile
A hijacked airplane as a missile said National Security Advisor
Condoleezer Rice on May 16th, 2002
That lightweight bitch
Oh, you can't say that it's Dr. Rice. She's a very distinguished lady. Dr. Rice, like I said, that miserable lying bitch
How is it possible we have a national security advisor coming out and saying we had no idea they could use planes as weapons
When we had FBI records from 1991 stating this was a possibility
Said Kristen Wright-Wiser won a four New Jersey widows who lobbied Congress and the president to appoint the commission in the first place
The widows want to know why various government agencies didn't connect the dots before 9-11 such as warnings from FBI offices in Minnesota and Arizona about suspicious student pilots
If you were to tell me that two years after the murder of my husband we wouldn't have one question answered I wouldn't have believed it, bright wiser said
Cane admits the commission also has more questions than answers
Ask whether we should know at least if people sitting in the decision making spots on a critical day are still in those positions, Cane said yes the answer is yes and we will
Cane promises major revelations in public testimony starting next month from top officials in the FBI, CIA, Defense Department, National Security Agency and maybe President Bush and former President Clinton, how do you like that?
That's the story of the day, make no mistake about it
So all of this other window dressing, all of the shadow boxing, all of this bullcrap, this bait and switch that they did from Osama to Sodom was saying
This is all just a diversion and it's working great by the way everything they do works like magic like a charm
Huge spike in a president's popularity will get to that huge spike way up there
Because the public man all you need to do is just show them those pictures over and over again they're looking for the lights in the hair and they got the tongue to press over in there
We got them, we got them and that's it
Because the public reacts to a caca that's all they're too busy with bullcrap
134 votes on a poll, what's your take on the decision to allow John Hingley to have unsupervised trips?
Only in America it's insane 77 and you're right he should have been executed 26 and you're right
Why not he's been declared fit 23 and who's John Hingley eight?
Who's Tim McVade the beast voted for that?
You wouldn't know Tim McVade if he came in there right now. I would know Tim McVade I'm not dumb as I was
If they dropped his ashes on plate in front of you'd probably put some ketchup on it and eat it
At least it wouldn't make you crap like that ice cream
What kind was it? Is there a brand new one?
It was called Carbsmart I don't know the exact one
Not so smart I guess they were smart because they peddled it to your fat ass and you weren't so smart because you ate it in the middle
Great diet though I mean if you eat that stuff and then you lose it
No it is not
Do you have any idea what that does to your innerds man?
Can't be any worse than I've done to my innerds
Tears your guts up no I'm serious those let me say it again do not if you have sensitivity those sugar alcohols as they call those
Yes you've got three grams of that sugar alcohol stuff in it
Atkins and doles, current and now do the ice cream at least taste good?
No it tastes like a fake uh you know
See that's not a big deal
But the atkins and doles bars are delicious they taste like a cross between snickers and oh Henry
Right I mean I've had the and doles peanut butter cups that are tasty too
But these are oh forget about those these are sensational
But man I had four of them
Now the size of your thumb they're like the little tiny mini candy bars here like you get in the bag of a thousand
Right
They're that size so I had four of them I figured this is a nice meal replacement
And then I look on the back of the box and it says multitall and big jug and a glen
Not really in little tiny letters they don't warn you
And I thought to myself you know something I hope Dr. Rackens has a bad fall that's how pissed off I was
I mean I had two hours of the most I don't want to keep rehashing it so to speak
Two hours of the most moving experience in the history of my life
1042 at 560 WDQM let me tell you about a fabulous place to take your automobile
EF Tarenauta Repair you'll find them at 50 83 North Federal Highway just a mile and a half north of Sample Road
In Pampino Beach and EF Tarenauta Repair experience the difference that experience makes all the EF mechanics know their stuff and their ASE Certified Technicians
Current with all the latest technology and most of them with the EF team for almost 20 years in fact
The EF team has got over 200 combined years of experience
So like I said they know what they're doing need an oil change right now stop by EF and ask them about their NEO Rogers
1295 oil change special to hear in me right for only 1295 you get a complete oil change
The EF team only uses the best parts and top of the line cash troll GTX motor rower
You couldn't even buy the parts for this amazingly unbeatable low price of only 1295
EF Tarenauta Repair there at 50 83 North Federal Highway in Pampino Beach called 954 426 9926
That's 954 426 9926 when you talk to our friends they'll be sure and ask them about their 90 days same as cash
No interest credit card too
EF Tarenauta Repair nationally known as one of the most successful automotive repair facilities anywhere in the entire USA
And please don't forget ask them about that 1295 NEO Rogers oil change special at EF called 954 426 9926
My life in local here sports radio 560 she went to a. M.
God come and listen to my story about a man named kid a Harvard graduate here and voices in his head
And then one day he was feeling kind of weird he moved to Montana and grew himself up
He was scared crazy that is cycle path screen size
Well the first thing you know that begins to prove can folks said test that's a uniformer dude
Said California's where the trials gonna be so they loaded up the shack and moved it carefully
Exhibit a jury pose weird smells
His lawyer says that has the craziest if you don't believe it just read his manifest
Ted says he did it cuz he hates technology and that's why he mailed all those people to you and say
Mail call letter bond ducking cook
Well now it's time to say goodbye to his defense he would like to thank you folks for paying the expense
They're all about it back again that this locality to buy the first edition of his autobiography
Soon to be a movie HBO Jerry Springer y'all come here now you're here all right you know what most psychiatrists need
What a good psychiatrist true to see the movie happiness no
Anyways 1048 I'm not asking you any questions anymore because unless it's about the red socks or the
Hercones you have no idea what the answer is or the other patriots area patriots the AFC champion
Capably will be make no mistake about that and probably the Super Bowl champions again when you see one thing I've noticed
You have to be blind not to see it is that it's not important for the often fans to win because they realize that they haven't got a
Tournament chance it's important for the patriots now see it used to be the bills and of course it was the jets far more than anybody else
But now it's the patriots because now the patriot people are the anti-Christ so it's the jealousy factor
It's like all that crap all season long from Gellie and Moe oh they've been very lucky all season long
And this isn't going to continue and the dolphins will go up there and Foxboro and kick their ass
Absolutely and she feel a renauer gonna be doing it after the game
Absolutely and they didn't work out maybe that's why Howard hates me
Is that what it is because your patriot leanings? I don't think so where my hatred has you because you've told the truth about him
You're the one that spread all that poison that's why he called you from his cell phone I still can't get over that
That was that just blows me away you're the reason he said I was the reason why the audience was turning on him
Yeah I told him everything is always somebody else's fault
This is this is the sign of a real goofball of a real just a wacko
He's a sociopath he is incapable of working an environment with other people of coexisting with they just can't do it
He really has so and of course like I said we're talking about shrinks anyway and about crazy people
I think he's a little bit like that maybe he's got his lid on too tight
Before the show the beast would tell me about Moe's hats they's been wearing the last couple of weeks
I think he's losing it I think since the dolphins have lost it I think he's losing it too
Goes with the territory got a loser written all of his forehead 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line everybody all across the world is talking about John Hinckley Jr
No relation to Joe Mars Jr. and the fact that we're going to like to let him have unsupervised trips on a weekend
to go visit the folks and you know Moe's year round maybe you check out how Jodie Foster's latest movies doing
WDQAM
Nice talking to you that's our first call not a good omen man I noticed the lines were flashing frantically before
Did you see that and then they stopped 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T
By the way theoretically yes Scott Jr. should be at the place right now
Great should theoretically he should be there across the street and if not so be it
WDQAM line 6 always you know what it is QAM
Yeah how you doing okay speak to Neil speaking Neil how you doing pretty good
Good place up Neil we're gonna go up there in the offseason one the dolphins season is over
We're gonna beat the Patriots behind big time yeah down to you right now
You don't want to see me when the sea is starting to tell around we're gonna make them look silly up there you watch
Oh okay brilliant there you go that's an R&D offense man like that I don't blame them I can understand
You start losing it yeah it's December it's always the big game and it's always the gagging choking sounds same
Old neurotic repetition it's Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy and now it's now it's Dave and Jay and Jay and Brian and all of the
Southern crap you know same tired moaning and groaning and wailing that guy don't I called Joe and said though you know
When I start thinking about that now I have to stop and think to myself I just won the World Series
I'm surprised he didn't say so aren't I blessed down here you know aren't we blessed
See when a quality of life is dependent upon the winning or losing of your sports teams in a given locale
That that that tells me about the people doesn't tell me anything about that area it tells me about the people
About their whole concept of life and what it's all about WQA and
People tell yes sir good morning I don't I'm doing great great you hear anything about Don King buying a
Palm Beach that's the room right there that's an old story man it's a right ancient story oh geez my God and George
Washington just chopped down another cherry tree would you get with it he did remember how many weeks ago
We heard that story about the Don King was inviting the the Marlins the plaintiff's dating in West Palm Beach
This like month old that's a reason that's older than Don King's hair okay God WQA and hello male yes sir
Hey I'm curious as to why George is a poopy WQA and hello
WQA and hello
Oh you're belly WQA and hello yes sir who you calling
I'm going to QBA La Cumanissima when I was this when I'm bringing porn hello yes what can I do for you
I can you order no you got that cozy over the phone we don't talk to people over the coat with a cozy over the phone probably John Hinkley's boyfriend
5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the on it with a second pole is going to be by that 9 11 stuff
Sodom capture boost bushes ratings this makes me want a bar but it's so predictable you know
Sodom was saying captures cause the sharp spike in president bushes approval ratings according to the results of AC and
USA today Gallup pull released yesterday the president also was got a lead of more than 20%
It's points over Democratic frontrunner Howard Dean among pull respondents interviewed Monday and Tuesday
63% said they approved a Bush's job performance 34% this approved the approval ratings is highest since June and a significant gain of
Rating of 50% a month ago 63% by contrast and a pull done Thursday to Saturday before news of Sodom's capture the approval rating was 54% with 43%
Disapproving how do you like that disgusting as far as Howard Dean is concerned Bush leads Howard Dean 60% to 37% with 3%
Undecided and pulling directly before Sodom's capture was 52 to 44 for Bush now it's 60 to 37 a gigantic spike because they got Sodom
Which has nothing to do with 9 11 nothing to with making America safer nothing to do with anything really except putting away one of
Our former buddies for a hell of a long time and maybe frying his ass which would be fine with me but has nothing to do with the price of peanuts or oil
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line let's get in a whole bunch of like maybe a thousand calls before one or one
15 because once those ratings come and you know how rating intensive we get right here you're really heavy duty into that crap WQ I am Uncle Neil yes sir
Oh I great the devil in the kitchen in the panther's game last night about two minutes that was more than enough yeah I heard that I have
In the first period on the radio there was a point in the game where they had to stop play there was something on the ice yeah okay and I was listening to was it was a
That's it was but they couldn't tell right away from where Jake and Randy were sitting and Jake opens up a mouth and he says it's a roll of pennies and chef
Rimmers on his way down to make sure they get to him wow I thought that might be good 10 56 and you wonder why we're not going to have a hockey team in
South Florida time right not going to be too much longer I think this season will be it 10 56 and 5 60 WQ way if you ever tried some of
Those so-called diet drinks man they got that chalky taste most of them make you want to puke your guts out if you want something
We did land also look on the ingredients and see how much sugar they got to how much crap now there's a great tasting product that even the beast likes and is
Drink it up all my freebies down there to as a matter of fact they're tasty it tastes great it sugar free it's
Interrex diabetic the best you can have all you like okay they'll send us over all we want their wonderful folks I know I'm going to take a few cases home be my
guest there's all my answer to I'm all for it and we'll make you crap your brains out either
Interrex diabetic is the best tasting newer placement drink ever made for people with diabetes and those looking for a
Reduce sugar intake like fat round tubs of crap sweetened with splendid brand sucrelo so there's no nasty aftertaste like you with all those other drinks
That are loaded with saccharin or asperate aim interrex diabetic is a complete balanced nutritional supplement that provides fiber and
Antioxidancy it is low insaturated patent cholesterol interrex diabetic is also gluten and lactose free and eight ounce can provides 237 calories of deliciously
Healthy nutrition that's internationally recommended by doctors and dietitians all of a like all alike don't sacrifice proper nutrition when you're
Sure on time try interrex diabetic ones and I guarantee you I'll venture clearances life on it you'll never go back to whatever you used to drink before the
makers of address diabetic are so positive that you're going to love it they're giving away free samples just for the
Xing go to interrex diabetic calm ENT or EX diabetic it's all one word interrex diabetic calm or call them in
Tundit Neal sent it for the free sample of the delicious one interrex diabetic call 1 866 368 37 39 that's 1 866 368 37 39
39 and look all 6s 4 trail by 6
You weigh in. It's
my every time at 566 WQ
with the passing of full assignment 85 year old art bar Funko is wasting no time at releasing his double CD set Paul is dead.
Why did you die? Why the hell should I?
My son's new home. Why did you die? I want to just get you right. Excuse me. Right Paul. Yeah. The
Revimes that was sent at the post I mean not me. I said another woman's woman's room. There isn't no
bench at the flea market you want to go there sit down. I could be wrong with that. We'll take my marquee. Good. Let's go.
All right. Don't forget your bongos. Oh yeah. What's not to like? Probably at the festival flea market don't you think?
1101 at 560 WQ go forget Scott juniors in a QA and Van he's there right now. I guarantee I bet the beast life on these over there now.
No. Right right on the corner. No. A 441 and I agree is not there now. No he is actually the owner of a sub center came out gave 100 bucks already.
Chuck your the best Chuck love Chuck. Thank you. He's a great guy. Go in there and buy some mostly got good food at Chuck sub center.
Why do you wait out? In fact maybe you want to feed us. Scott. But I don't know what you feed him. What do you throw at something looks like that?
Scraps. Here are some table scraps at him. Rodney. Oh Gary Ridgeway is expected to receive 48 light turns the green river killer.
Don't you think he's a little bit crazy? See I mean we don't we don't care about that. The American justice system has never made exceptions for people who do
ever with things that you know clearly will justify them as crazy. So we have all these psychiatric experts on the defense side then on the prosecution side and whichever psychiatrist make up enough good stories and
convince the jury then that's what we do. So that's what happened with John Hinkley. He shouldn't have gone to like a mental institution. He should have been executed.
Damn near assassinated the president destroyed James Brady's life forever. I don't know about the two cops. I know whatever happened to them. But I mean this guy is a scumbag.
And we're going to let him the world rehabilitating him a taxpayer expense and he's well on his way to recovery. So now the first step is the next step is to let him lose on a weekend to go home and visit mommy and daddy.
Let him hang out watch old Jody Foster movies watch silence at lands that'll be really good. That'll be inspirational when you think.
I'm going to get some key. Now it would be excellent and maybe some father beans. God almighty. Hey there you go. Beast. There's a suggestion for a bottle of Keati and a few father beans.
It'd be good next time you get inspired for get you know get 20 for ice cream instead.
Oh. That'll change your ways. 205 votes on a poll. Once you take on the decision to allow John Hinkley to have unsupervised trips. Only in America it's insane.
166 of you say that. Why not? He's been declared fit 39 fit to go. Good to go. He should have been executed 36 and who's John Hinkley 14 14 morons 14 puns. I guess if you're not how one of a year that happened 82 or three right.
Wouldn't that be about right? Yeah, but I was I was only seven and I still have a clue. Yeah. And how about when we had the Oklahoma City bombing with Tim McVe and Terry Nichols. How old were you then like 20 and you still have no clue.
That's because you were too immersed in her. Who in the sports you're in my cousin. Tell all the other her at Kuhn Booster. Selva there at the E. of M. All those other grand little children who top like this.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless wireless line. Hey listen. I look let's face it. I'm going to vacation this weekend for like 11 days. I'm getting the hell out of the whole radio industry for the end of the year.
You know we're just killing time till his ratings come out and going to fake our way through tomorrow to. We at least this is the one show we don't lie about it.
But no pretend we're going to sit here and change the world and that every day we're on the edge of our seats waiting for something really spectacular.
You know, it's just ain't going to happen. We're not a Jose Padea. What is this? Any sort of lawyer. He's not been able to see any family, any friends since he was arrested.
The federal court order where we are. Where is the release of Jose Padea in the 30 days? This went all the way to the appeals court here in New York, the second circuit.
Another one of these fascist things your government is doing now with John Ascroff and your other Nazis in charge just just rounded people up based on some wild suspicion or maybe not even anything specific.
And just you know, astonished that the government would be asking essentially for a complete rewriting of the law which basically they wanted.
They were saying that immediately after 9-11 Congress passed an act giving the president powers to go after terrorists and holding people in this way was one of those powers.
But these judges had said no, that's not the case. A lawyer for Jose Padea said it is reassuring that constitutional protections that we are all entitled to as citizens were confirmed.
There you go. So at least we still have a little bit of constitution left. Okay. And the public says, oh, we don't care about the constitution. We just want to be safe. And now Bush got sedoms. So we're halfway there. Let's put push back in again. I mean, just deal with idiotic people.
And how our team comes up and tells the truth and says we're not any safer now than we were before Sunday when it captured Sodom. And he's right and right away.
Oh, he's supposed to apologize for that. And he's getting ripped to shreds for that by assholes like Jew Lieberman.
I'm going to tell you if there is an anti-Christ Jew Lieberman's it. I'm telling you that right now. He is it.
And Wesley Clark says that Bush lacks the will to find bin Laden. He said if he'd have been the president, he would have had bin Laden's ass by now. And maybe the rest of them too.
In a blistering critique of the commander in in in Chimp Clark said that capturing Sodom was saying doesn't change the fact that Osama bin Laden is still on the loose.
He said the president hasn't shown a lack of will in pursuing Osama Yamama. If I'd have been president, I would have had Osama bin Laden by this time. Clark said a news conference in Concord, New Hampshire, where he was campaigning for votes in the first primary January 27. Just over a month away.
I would have followed through on the original sentiment that the president gave us Osama bin Laden dead or alive. Instead, he executed a bait and switch. He took a priority off Osama bin Laden. He shifted the spotlight on Sodom who's saying the retired Army forced our general also said that if Bush questions the patriotism and national security credentials and Democrats in the coming campaign, he wouldn't hesitate to match his record against the presidents.
I'll put my 34 years in offending the USA and the results that I and my teammates in the US Armed Forces achieved against history years have failed policies any day said Clark, who was NATO supreme commander during the 99 year campaign, Kosovo. He added, we've got a president who will go halfway around the world for a photo opportunity, but won't go halfway across town for a funeral for an American serviceman.
I've been to those funerals, I've comforted families. I don't think you can make good policy at the top if you don't understand the impact at the bottom of your organization he said.
Excellent job. You go west and by the way, we got some really good pastrami sandwiches waiting for you to come on and if you show up tomorrow, we got potato pancakes and brisket from corkies because the beast called up corkies and mentioned a hands name a few times.
Didn't mention my name. I mentioned your name and how you did and they said Neil who? They said they knew you to when they knew they knew the load. They said the takes a load off our minds. How did a new one today?
I forget what I was it. I have to have to be really great to beat the tot in the load. I have to go ask Robert. I don't remember what I was. I bet you I'm inspiring now. I have no shame. I'll admit it. I think it's the only decent thing he's brought to the table in a year and a half. The tot in the load. I can't stop. Absolutely. WQ I am. I'm not sorry. I did. WQ I am. Hello. Fuck off. Oh.
Dump old Gilbert. There you go again. Gilbert's back head to game Gilbert Solomon. Round him up. I think what's we fight or something? I'm on the we're going to put the search out for Gilbert Solomon. Strap his ass up. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T horizon. We're just lying.
See what I mean about the crazy people. There are other millions of them running around on the loose. Most of them called us show WQ I am. I'll do show. Q. I.M. Yes, sir. How come your show sucks so much? Yeah, suck this. WQ I am. Hello.
How are you doing? Pretty good. Nothing worse than a chubby bag running around a baseball game with a camera with a big lens and a cut off T-shirt to show muscles he doesn't have. And I just want to understand why you let that guy represent you as your agent when he looks so ridiculous.
Are you talking about normal again? He is just a disgrace and he looks like a pedophile taking pictures in a baseball place. Yeah, okay. Great. Well, I tell you one thing, man. This is what I mean about South Florida.
Just all it's December the 18. It's a week away from Christmas day tomorrow is the first night of Panuka and the goodwill and the love and the compassion and the you can feel it. Can you smell it?
Man, just a just a torrent of hate. Keep it coming folks. I love it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT. I feel sorry for normal. That's the answer to your question. Okay, Schmuck. He probably got turned down by norm.
Which is rare. WDQ I am. WDQ I am hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I like the way that guy comes.
By God. His thing over the phone. Yes, sir. How you doing? I was wanting to call you for a couple of weeks. But listen, I wanted to mention something about back when the Reagan movie was everyone was complaining of how much of a non homophobic.
I let me tell you something. You're so there's another chronic. This guy is so boring by the time he stammers it out. Just go away. Okay. Don't go away, man. Don't take it personal as you want to. But just go away. I'd rather hit these other crazy people in you. You are such a stammering clown, man. You just you just bug me. You know that voice. I'm telling you, there's only like 20 or 30 callers on all the shows, not just on the show, all the shows. They just do different voices. Well, Jim, I'm going to tell you this is the week that we're really going to do it. I mean, we're going to turn it.
And isn't that what we blessed to be here with a world series champion? Well, you know, it's all the same clowns. 5 6 7 0 5 60 Craig and Miami says we missed an obvious suggestion for the poor yesterday. What about Catholic church priest molesting little boys? Isn't that worth you being on the list? No, because they're at least consistent when they say, Oh, God, that's good. Whatever the hell they say. But when they admit that they like to alter boys. This business going back to yesterday's pool Craig. Yes, sir.
Today's pool is done with. Okay. It's time to move on to today's pool. Catch my drift. Now, who's this bimbo that you're going out with tonight?
Female. Yeah. I don't even want to name. But I mean, where did she come from? Is this somebody you met on the internet?
Is that what I heard? Well, that's what I heard this morning from from Joe that you met some young lady on the internet. In other words, you haven't met yet. Is that what you're saying?
No, we've talked on the phone. You've talked on the phone. You haven't seen each other in a flash. Not yet. So you didn't see the movie happiness. I did not see that for anybody who saw the movie happiness. This young lady, if anybody remembers the gigantic neighbor that Paul see more Hoffman head, the big neighbor that he wanted playing on the bed.
They were like faced in the opposite directions. I wish you lots of luck. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon.
Arles London. Good thing is you got that brand new King. Carl mattress. I put you clearances out of town for a couple of days. Who knows the beast market lucky will get a full blow by blow tomorrow right here on this show? Won't we? No. WQ I am. Where's George at? Wait, one day?
What's up, Neil? Yes, sir. Happy Kwanza. Back to you. What can we do for you, sir? They've got an echo on his phone. Now I just want to see if George is coming back. He is still on the show.
No, he's outdone. He's finished. Seriously? WQ I am. Hello. Neil. Hello, did I have Mr. Rogers neighborhood? Yes, you do. Thank you. May I expose first name only one of your closet listeners? Yeah.
He's a prominent land use attorney. When it comes to his clients, the price is always right. His name is Stanley. Yeah. And he heard me on your show last week. You have more professionals listening to you. Yeah, professional lunatics is what we got. Yeah, those two, but you got high end professionals than you would believe. And we got rear end professionals too. You got me.
I'm not perfect. I never great today. There's another guy. See, he's a celebrity now. We heard you on a radio. We heard you on a radio. Crack it up. We allow palace to the sound of your own voice.
I should write a book on it. Seriously, everybody's always telling me I should write this book. That book. I should write a book on a psychology of talk show collars. You know what?
It's a science. It's a very definite science. Do you think that most people you know? Do you know anybody who calls? I'm talking about personal friends acquaintances family who calls talk shows. I know someone that maybe maybe called once in their life. Yeah. I'm talking about like regular culture. No. Oh, wait. Yes. I do it from the calls every day. The calls every day. Yeah. This show. No. Sports shows. Yes. He doesn't go to university. Am I any does he? Or maybe he's a graduate? No.
Not a not a herculean person. Well, he likes the canes, but he's not a hurricane. You know, affiliate. Oh, well, he likes the canes. That says it all for me. 248 votes. What's your take on the decision? We'll allow John Hinkley to have unsupervised trips. Only in America. It's insane. 136 say that 54.8%. Why not? He's been declared fit. He's fit. Good to go. 47. He should have been executed. 47. That's what I voted. And I say that I second my emotion. And who's John Hinkley?
18. What's that schedule look like today, man? We got like a real patchwork deal this week. We got the bowmaster, Kimba Bo campers of two. I'm going to tell you what a giant manages. I'm serious about this.
Like when I go on vacation, George fills in, right? Yeah. When Moe isn't here, it's guilty. Right? Sure. But when mad dog isn't here, it takes a whole staff of people to fill those big shoes. All right. We had boog for two days. We got bow today. We got Curtis tomorrow.
It takes like a whole goddamn team to fill out that big jockstrap.
My life and local. This is 42056.
You weigh him.
In record stores now, it's the most repulsive Christmas album you'll ever hear.
Ali McFeele purges all the Christmas favorites.
Listen to it while eating fruit cake.
1118 at 560 WQM. Happy holidays to you. We're getting all the festive people in at the holiday spirit calling in so far today. This is good.
I'm going to make you feel like it's a really special time of the year in South Florida.
5607 0560. Keep him coming.
11.560 on the 18t and Verizon wireless line.
WQM.
Yes sir.
Going in.
Oh Neil. Yes I am.
I think you're the only one who works with George Bush.
He could as well.
He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be.
He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be. He's got to be
Postman. What was that? What was what? What was
Please Mr. Postman? What did I do? What was that? Where'd that come from? What was that? Where'd that come from?
I don't know. I didn't hear it. Hello world. You know, as the week goes on, I'm having this feeling of like
disconnected. Today I'm going to think there's no ratings going on this week. I just got through here
like the beginning of Please Mr. Postman by tomorrow. Let's what was that? Who played it? Where did it come from?
I don't know. I didn't hear it. You didn't hear it? No. Okay, I just I just must have made it up.
WQM. Hello.
Can't hear you, pal. It gets yourself a bus. Have somebody give me a phone for the holidays, man.
Sounds like you're underwater. By the way. WQM. Hello. QAM.
Hey. What's my beach? Let's go to North Miami Beach. Hello. Yeah. Neil explain to me how
Bush is not held for treason for giving up a CIA. I see I agent's identity. Yeah. And why?
If that were to happen to Clinton, can you imagine it would be in the front days every day? Yeah.
They'd have been holding it. They'd been holding another impeachment hearing against Clinton. That's correct.
You know, I mean, it's amazing. The media controls us all about what is decided to be in the front page news and on the first five minutes of national news.
Right. That gives a that gives public public public sensation.
Legs and that there ought to be impeachment hearings going on against this president right now and instead his popularity is going through the roof.
That tells you what America's all about. Well, it shows that the media is not live. It's not a liberal media.
It's really controlled by conservative. It's not a responsible media. Sir, it's a media that's owned lock stock in barrel by the far right.
Make no mistake about it. Five signal. Anybody? What was the beast? I got it. I got it. That was my fault.
Why would you pretend that it isn't there? What is your story this week? What is the deal with you? I hand picked you.
I had a thousand candidates. This is an air and filled Georgia shoes this week. I said, Oh, put the beast in there.
Okay, he's gone. He wants to come in there and show his fat ass to the world and you're doing it, man.
Wait a minute. I wasn't in here. That was Josh said he didn't hear it. Yeah. I was in the
you weren't in there. Well, how the hell did that happen? Was it like spontaneous combustion?
And it just come out of your ass? Are the Marvelettes up your ass? Where did that come from?
It was I was in the other studio attempting to dub something into the vault. Why is that?
Because I found something that would be of interest. So I was trying to marvel at some. Please, Mr. Postman is of interest.
That wasn't what I was looking for. What were you looking for besides food? That reminds you to be honest with
the audience. Okay. You're out there. There's probably food on that table out there by clearance is best.
You're probably out there scrounging for leftovers. Why does you admit it? No, that wasn't it.
What were you looking for? I was looking for what Howard said this morning about what he called you to.
Look, why all I see for the like I said, good job, Beast. And I didn't realize that because I took that studio off
line, yeah, figuring it didn't go over the air. But I guess the wiring that goes up to you, like you heard it,
even I was supposed to. Yeah, that's why I just and Justin here nobody else to tune. Everybody said,
oh, and he's losing that man. The old man is losing that he's hearing Marvel. That's it is the earpiece.
So in the next break, I'll go into a different production studio and put it in. Yeah, you'll put it in.
All right, you're already sticking it about half. Boy, and
garages in here. So we don't have to worry. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. This is so sad.
And on a day when we got those big numbers coming out in the one o'clock hour, it's going to be big. I can smell it.
Now everybody who's turned the station off since for well left the call in.
Everybody who is not listening call in 5 6 7 0 5. How what? Let me ask you this. How much do you think the
impact is going to be? We won't see it today because this is a for all book, but the next book,
the next the next month. This is going to be the entire fallbook. In other words,
you it's going to put the fall in the fallbook is what you're saying. Yeah, wow. I think you could be
right because we saw this phenomenal drop off. I mean, spectacular on the number of hits on our
website every day, almost immediately the weekend starting that weekend after for all God can.
It's like about 30 or 40%. What percent? About 30, man. Even more than that. It'd be audiences Van Moose.
Just in disgust because you're you're driving the audience away. Greg. Okay. See people. I hate to
break the news to Greg read and anybody else who's in charge over there, but people are creatures of
familiarity. They like they like that comfort of no one they turn on the TV or the radio. Who's going
to be there at a certain time? And even with this show for you're going to have going nine to one and
doing this and doing that and follow with this one and follow whenever it's like musical chairs, man.
It's like a revolving door at Q.A.M. like our sales department revolving door. Not good. WQ.A.M.
Yeah, for for Nielpley speaking on the. Yes, sir. Yeah, I miss your place for
else. I thought he was one of the best things to come along in radio in the family. He was he was
he was you know, when he came along, I thought that he had you know, he put the life back into the
radio station again. This station was like dying on the vine. They had me on at that nine to one
time, which wasn't working following that crusty old man. And then the station was just wilting,
you know, he came along and joked that a whole new bunch of life in there. And now here we go again,
you know. Excuse me. Yeah, well last week, last week you were talking about Lake Wales and
Ava and Park. Ava and Park, right? And I want to remind you right next to there, there's a town
called Poshproof that your friend Catherine Harris is from. You remember her. Right. And if you
go to these towns, what you'll see is a lot of like 13 year old, 15 year old Mexican kids that
live in trailer parks at her granddaddy farms that are picking oranges. Right. So you know, and
then she's against anything that's going to loosen the subsidies for their cultural producers. He
has a lot of, but officially she's broke up. She's free trade all the way. Right. She's such a
hypocrite probably like that cheap labor, baby. That's right. She probably a helping Kathy Lee out with
those sweatshops in Latin America. Have a great day, pal. I have a good health.
Have a good buddy. Bye bye. Catherine Harris, he wants to be the senator. Oh, guess who else has
been around for Senator? Who? Right. He? Huh? Who? That big fat tub of crap from New Hampshire,
who's an acarpid beggar that Bob Smith, remember that right wing, a piece of crap. Former New Hampshire
or a senator Bob Smith, hoping to represent his newly adopted home state, said yesterday that he
plans to seek the seat of retiring Senator Bob Graham. Smith, the Republican and move to Sarasota,
and may told the Associated Press he'll formally announce his candidacy next month. I'm going to
run a campaign, which I basically offer my credentials to the people of Florida. My senior,
already my experience in the Senate, Smith said, I want to help President Bush. This is a critical
state for the president. We got to steal it. The two year two term senator was defeated.
Linced his Republican primary by John Sanunu in June. He took a job selling high-end waterfront
real estate in Longboat Key. He has a big tub of crap. Man, who I despise Bob Smith. But anyway,
he's also throwing this thing into the ring. Catherine Harris says she was going to do it, but
but the Bushies aren't too happy about that. They're not too pleased because they're pissed off that
if Catherine Harris sticks her ass in there again, then it'll rehash all of those memories of how
they fixed the vote in Florida three years ago. And they're not too crazy about doing that. They're
not keen to do that and also investigating about her involvement with Jeb and all the stuff that
they were doing who was putting what where. Five and a local. This is five cities. The radio is all yours.
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
She raises her to her bill, la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
1132 so that's one small victory for mankind President Bush doesn't have the power to detain American citizen Jose Padilla seized on U.S.
Orals and enemy combatant a federal appeals court ruled just a little while ago.
The decision could force Padilla held in a so called dirty bomb plot to be tried in civilian courts.
In a two to one ruling the three judge panel of second U.S. Circuit Court of Appeal said Padilla's detention was not authorized by Congress.
And that Mr. Bush could not designate him as an enemy combatant without the authorization.
Padilla's accused of plotting to detonate a dirty bomb which uses conventional explosives to disperse radioactive materials.
The former Chicago gang member was arrested in May 2002 and within days was moved to enable Brigham Charleston, South Carolina.
As this courts it's only a short distance from where the world trade centers stood.
We are keenly aware as anyone of the threat Al Qaeda poses to our country and the responsibilities the President and law enforcement officials bear for protecting the nation.
But presidential authority does not exist in a vacuum.
In this case involves not whether those responsibilities should be aggressively pursued but whether the President is obligated in the circumstances presented here to share them with Congress had it.
The Padilla case is only one of several testing the broad law enforcement powers claimed by the Bush administration in the war on terrorism, the Nazi and Chief.
Meanwhile, U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney's former company Haliburton facing demands to pay back the money.
It's over Charged Sea American government for petroleum in Iraq is one of 222 million dollar contract for work without competitive tender.
A no-bid contract, in other words, this is in the Brit evening standard.
The contract was awarded at Haliburton subsidiary Kellogg Brown and Root, the ones that are feeding those filthy meals in the filthy kitchens to our troops in Iraq.
Last week at the same time as a Pentagon, audits showed a charged $61 million more than the market rate for fuel in Iraq.
To avoid having to put the work out the bids, the contract is being funded from the development fund for Iraq.
Contracts paid out of the $18.6 billion recently approved by Congress may only be awarded after a competitive tender has tricked you that doesn't apply to the development fund.
So far Kellogg Brown and Root's been awarded a total of $2.3 billion with no competitive bidding.
The new contract is for the restoration of essential infrastructure of the Iraqi oil industry, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers said.
Haliburton, again yesterday at night it was guilty of overbilling for oil and gas.
They've been bringing into Iraq from Kuwait and Turkey. Welcome further reviews and audits of its work.
As the rape of the American public continues and a president's popularity rate goes zooming up there because the American public likes taking their pants down and bending over agony, rape did it.
You know what I'm saying? Absolutely.
So we find the the thing or what? Yeah, we got it in the ball. What are you saying?
Power David here on a Thursday, Goldium vacation for a couple of days.
Doing his extensive Christmas slash Hanukkah shopping.
Kim Bo camper comes up by two o'clock to Saturday afternoon.
Yeah. Between low life and high life.
That's weak. That's weak. I agree.
Put it while you're ahead Mo. Can't beat the toad in the load.
This thing that you just passed me, I wasn't aware of this. Were you about to the Hinkley family and the Bush family?
No, I didn't.
John Hinkley, Jr., who shot Ronald Reagan in 1981 is about to be partially released from confinement after testimony from government psychiatrist.
Hinkley's family and the family of President George W. Bush have long complicated ties that have been little reported.
Hinkley's brother was scheduled to have dinner at the home of the current president Bush's brother the day after the assassination attempt.
How do you like that?
Everything is all like tied together.
It's all enough to make you want to barf.
I'm not going to its pages and pages. I'll stick it in the bottom of my pile.
Here's one that says to the Hinkley family, look it up.
I say Germany.indiemedia.org.
Link between Bush and Hinkley at the time of the shooting.
Okay, thank you so much for your 80 pages with a pretty interesting craft.
5607.0560.com.560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
303 votes on the poll. What's your take on the decision of a large Hinkley to have unsupervised trips.
Only in America it's insane 164.
He should have been executed 60. Why not? He's been declared fit.
53.
Who's John Hinkley 26? Calm down, load.
WDQA and hello.
I ain't here. How you doing, buddy?
Pretty good, sir.
I got two things I'll discuss with you.
Going ahead.
The first thing is, give me the tell me that the Bush might your pop wire is getting more popular
because it captured a man who ran a country who we accused of being involved in 9-11.
Yeah, the answer is yes.
Yes, you can't go too early.
They'll go the accused of...
And have a great day.
5607.0560.
The 0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
A little bit convoluted there.
Station that's his tail.
WDQA in.
Nobody there. WDQA in. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
Okay.
About Michael Jackson with the pills and all that thing that came out.
Michael Jackson with the pills?
Yeah, you hear about that this morning?
Well, that's what he's done.
He drugged the kids.
He hanged it all the time.
No, it's old news yet.
He hanging out with Bill Tanner.
Yeah.
And yeah, good call.
5607.0560.
0.560 on the AT&T.
They all seem to be coming from the same place today.
This must be Norma's boyfriend's eternal.
Maybe kicked him out for the holidays.
WQA in.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm going to Canada next.
But actually you're going to be in Toronto.
Actually just outside and this is Saagha.
Yeah, this is Saagha.
Oh, yeah.
And so I've never been to Canada.
I'm afraid number one that I'm never going to want to come back to this hellhole.
And number two, what's the best restaurant to go that I miss Saagha?
The best restaurant in Miss Saagha.
They got a fantastic burger came man.
Steinemite.
You're kidding me, right?
How big of a pardon?
You're kidding me.
Yes.
No, I'm man calls cops to it.
When you shut up, man calls cops to report cannabis to them.
I might just get up and go in the living room
and just go on strike the rest of the show.
I might just do it.
I'm like right on the edge.
I got like a toe on the edge.
If you're for those ratings coming out,
Adelaide Australia, what a dopey call.
Police on Tuesday arrested a man who phoned officers to report these breaking into his house
to steal his illicit cannabis crop.
Police in the southern city of Adelaide said they arrested four men early Tuesday.
Is they tried to steal the plants which were being grown in two rooms at the home.
They also had the homeowner who made the call and judges of illegally
cultivating 16 cannabis plants in Australia.
Sound under.
56670560, pound 560 on a 18 TNT in Verizon Wireless Line.
We've taken about what, 670 recall so far.
We've had one or two.
How many QAM?
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Happy shocker con, you know.
Thank you.
All those good things.
My contribution of the show frankly,
and I love you for the entertainment value.
It's just cops.
The Goldie caricature that we do,
unbelievable.
I wreck my truck every time.
It's gotta be one of the funniest little things.
I like dick a lot.
Here you go, Neil.
Thanks a lot.
Love you, man.
Happy holidays.
And back to you, pal.
He likes the Goldie stuff.
See, not the real Goldie.
He likes the Goldie that, in fact,
everybody likes the Moe and Goldie that Vogue of Brandeis.
The real ones that can't stand.
But the caricature ones are fantastic.
Up the butt.
See, that's the real Goldie, you know.
Take them or leave them.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T,
Verizon, Stadium Tax.
Maybe in fact, they're doing it right now.
I would think.
When you?
What's that?
Come on, your Mr. Sports.
Get on top of these things.
They're having a whole day.
Half percent sales,
half-cent sales task.
The City Commission is holding their meat right now.
It's City Hall on the Grove.
And the Stadium Tax may be put before the voters.
County voters can be asked to pay a half-person.
I'm all for it, by the way.
You people that they'd county,
hey, more power to you.
Build a stadium on every street corner in arena.
A stadium, have a good time.
County voters can be asked to pay a half-percent sales tax
for a new Marlon Stadium underplanned being pushed by some Miami City officials.
They're scheduled to discuss it.
They're meaning it's going on right now.
To discuss the language of a referendum question to be put on a ballot at some time in the future,
sometime in your lifetime.
City Commissioner Johnny Witten said yesterday,
the commissioners may ask county commissioners to place the sales tax question on a future ballot.
Sometime in the next 500 years,
the tax would gelast between one and two years would help the Marlins round out the financing they need.
For a $325 million retractable real stadium in or near downtown Miami,
are people who live in Broward going to go to downtown Miami?
No.
Are people in Palm Beach County going to go to downtown Miami?
No.
You go ahead and do it.
Have a good time.
But the proposal has a catch.
Major League Baseball would have to guarantee the public would get revenue for the stadium for 30 years.
How many?
About 30, man.
That way, if the Marlins moved away or went broke before then,
the public would still get revenue from the new park.
Remember, contraction said Johnny Witten, the major point is for Major League Baseball to guarantee it.
Major League Baseball, by the way, says we haven't ever done that before and we are going to do it
because to ask Baseball for a guarantee would be a significant obstacle and we're not going to do it.
But we'll think of all kinds of creative ways to help the team.
In other words, the answer is...
No.
We're supporting you 5-6-0.
U-A-M.
In Toys Thores Now.
It's the hottest selling toy this holiday season.
Bracket Row!
The Ozzy Osborne Action Figure.
From the scene on my Barbie's playhouse.
Was he just jade old, why are it's rightest pills?
I knew it!
He just bit the head off of Sparky.
The Ozzy Action Figure speaks unintelligibly just like the real Ozzy.
We are...
We are...
The Ozzy Action Figure.
Of a control ATV sold separately.
I'm 45 with 560 WQM.
John Hinkley, June, this is some pretty interesting stuff and I'm sure a lot more interesting than these bogus calls we're getting today.
John Hinkley, June has been hospitalized in shooting President Reagan in 81.
Received permission yesterday to visit unsupervised his parents' home.
Hinkley's family and the family of President George W. Bush have long social, political, and economic ties
that have been little reported.
Hinkley's brother was scheduled to have dinner at the home of the current President Bush's brother,
Neil Bush, the day after the assassination attempt.
Vice President George Herbert Walker, Bush, father of the current President George W. Bush,
assumed the duties of the presidency briefly after the shooting and nearly became president as Reagan
almost died from the shooting of bullet missed his aorta by less than an inch.
The Bush and Hinkley families go back to the oil while-cating days of the 60s in Texas,
ironically they go back even further in a genealogical sense since they have a common ancestor in
Samuel Hinkley who lived in the late 1600s. The relationship was much closer between George
Bush's senior and Hinkley's senior whose families were neighbors for years in Houston.
John Hinkley's senior contributed the political campaigns of Bush's senior all the way back to Bush's
run for Congress and he supported Bush against Reagan in the 1980 Republican presidential nomination race.
Bush's senior and Hinkley's senior were both in the oil business when the Hinkley oil company,
Vanderbilt oil, started to fail in the 1960s, Bush's seniors Zapata Oil financially bailed out
Hinkley's company. Hinkley had been running an operation with six dead wells but began making
several million dollars a year after the Bush bailout. Scott Hinkley, John's brother was scheduled
to have dinner at the Denver home of Neil Bush, Bush's senior son and of course the current
president's brother the day after the shooting. At the time Neil Bush was a Denver-based
purchaser of mineral rights for Amico and Scott Hinkley was the vice president of his father's
Denver based oil business. On the day of the shooting NBC News anchor John Chancellor Ibrowse
raised informed the viewers to the nightly news that the man who tried to kill a president was
acquainted with the son of the man who would have become president had the attacks exceeded.
As a matter of fact, Chancellor reported in a bewildered tone, Scott Hinkley and Neil Bush have
been scheduled to have dinner together with home of the then vice president's son Neil the very next
night. Do you know any of this? Nope, got it all. The story of the Bush Hinkley connection was
reported on the AP and UPI newswires and some newspapers including Houston Post which apparently
originated the story. It also was reported in Newsweek magazine. Then the story about one of the
strangest coincidences in presidential assassination history simply disappeared.
The AP story is quoted in its entirety at the end of this article not for commercial use but
sold to be used for the brief kind of distorted thing they had on TV whatever the hell it says.
Neil Bush used a similar line denying he knew John Hinkley. I have no idea he said I don't
recognize any pictures of him. I just wish I could see a better picture of him when he showed
him the picture. Besides all the family tales Neil Bush lived in Lover Texas throughout much
of 78 where Reagan Shooter Hinkley lived from 74 to 80. During this period in 1978 Neil Bush
served as campaign manager for the current president's unsuccessful run for Congress. There's pages
missing here that's why it doesn't sound like it makes any sense and doesn't it either. So I'm going
to let go online after the show and I get the whole thing. Pretty interesting crap and it just
I guess another one of those coincidences right when you agree. Yeah just a lot of strange coincidences
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. What's your take on the decision will I John Hinkley to have
on supervised trips 335 votes only in Americans insane 177 he should have been executed 67. Why not
he's been declared fit 63 and who's John Hinkley 28 8.3% of this audience says who's John Hinkley
alright WQAM hello QAM
WQAM hello
Hey Neil how you doing okay listen no it's not going to be a big conspiracy I remember when that
first came out I was I was just going in the military then Air Force when the shooting occurred
and they tried to investigate that for I tied down but you know you know also about Dean and Bush Dean's
grandmother or something was best friends with if they're all connected all this money he's old money
old money power right each grandmother is at each other's weddings I can kind of like the
bushes in the bin ladens again well that's not what yeah well I was always like a bad son somewhere
bad seed I guess but oh is that what it is yeah good luck okay Pallie 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 by
the way any connection between this is a real radio show today and anything we've ever done
the past purely coincidental man come in a QAM hello you're speaking to him Neil how you doing okay
first of all just letting you know that I don't know if you knew it or not but I went into my
favorite head shop a couple days ago and find out that Ken Jennings rated all the head shops
and says all the bombs and bowls and everything all right now we're safe coach got rid of I can come back
yeah isn't that funny that happened 9 11 I get your lips on here and complete anime why he was out
catching bomb smokers and don't forget the Raiden the swing clubs do and the swing clubs you got
nothing out there to do and if he's not the most disgusting ugliest person you've ever seen in your life
he's the possum ever seen how he possum to get the same position Neil love your show buddy keep up the good
have a great day pal a good luck to you can get that out of there before it's too late
they're gonna come and take away your bong and your dong and anything else you got to look like one
that's America for you just like that woman in Texas on the dildo dragged her ass off the jail
for selling a dildo 5 6 7 0 5 60 I'll I guess you didn't have the one you pump up like we saw in
Playboy Channel yesterday what they were pumping it up
keep your finger on that button
where's the rest around is that Bruce where over there next best skinny girl from that TV show
yeah he sure is ugly too by the way 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
WDQAM Neil yes sir I like go clean
WDQAM hello one of your people hey yes sir
I'm talking to you speaking I was going to eat it's going pretty good hey oh hi hey I want to call you
the other day I try to get through but you guys don't answer the phone or stuff my guess I don't know
now we don't like cell phones we got a predileucing against them all right I'll try I'll watch it
the uh that article by Tom jicca yeah this is gonna piss you off I know go ahead
I was gonna learn I listen to the morning when he goes off I do it over to you yeah and uh
I listen to that other fact I knew because I find a minute are cany I know he's completely opposed
you and him are diametrically opposed politically and everything but yeah I know you hate this
don't you but I I could care less what's the reason why would I hate it what do I care
you hate Russian I suppose if somebody tells you that they listen to you
doesn't so let me tell you something if I had if I had one percent of the audience that he's got
if I made 10 percent of the money he's making I can run by a lot of pills too I'd be I'd be
retired right now well you know uh are you rolling tape in my rolling tape no I'm not rolling tape
this is a guy's got a hole he's got a whole a stick going here it's gonna piss me off he's got
something to say that he wants me to tape so we can play it over and over again so we can hear
the sound of his voice sir I in fact I hope you would listen to uh tapes of rush between
whenever the parties you listen to the show have a great life don't go away mad just go away okay
as in bye bye bye exactly who cares see each one of these people in their mind they believe that if
if they would call here and say oh your show sucks or I'm gonna listen to rush what what do I care
I don't get paid anymore or less whether this guy listens to the whole show or any of the show
and my rolling tape oh man absolutely oh of course as soon as we heard the sound of your
voice man a Josh jumped right on it man he got that audio vaulting going where they're got every
the every piece of equipment in the building is like uh smoking now we had Linda tripping here
getting ready right she was she's even she's taping it god and what what about that new push that
she's got more good god she got a whole new push she's like that the bitch on cmbc whatever
to hell her name was which is worth her greater than sustern which one looks worse yeah uh oh
morning call with Ted David look at that the Dow is a 56 and a half the Nasdaq's up 21 the markets
are soaring the presidents numbers are phenomenal they're going through the roof miss fudge is rippin
bill or riley what's not to like the right wingers are in control baby and good luck y'all
56705 you have to tape roll yeah rolling it I noticed line one hasn't been uh or you want to
know what's not ringing it doesn't work that's a surprise is it yeah what a shock hey
I fix it I hate to break the news to you but line one is effed up again okay just mention that
in passing I was starting to take it personal because I like line nine my favorite the person
when nobody got it damn it w.a.m. hello are you rolling they were rolling it
rolling a big fat one oh god listen Neil I'm a hardcore Republican all right man I listen to you
on a regular basis just for just for last just for amusement yeah went when you go on your rampage of
liberalism I click the rush and that's it you know I mean it's a matter of uh you know you switch
it on you switch it off it doesn't matter I mean I don't take it personally when you start doing
your thing and well see one thing I'll say at least your people having so far taking away the
freedom from people listening to whatever they want although they're doing their best to try to
make sure that only a couple of companies that agree with them on all those patients but so far
least they we can still say what we want I think and I think it'll continue that way I don't think
that's gonna be going away anytime soon that's that's a constitution yeah right and you know
you're right up their arms is there too so you know and and then farting just uh Osama is
full money going okay Gandhi 56705 60 pound 560 on the AT&T by the way roll that tape baby I
here we're gonna get some great cars that knew in the one hour knew in the one is just some foreplay
for that big ratings hour we got the party favors and the balloons and all that stuff to uh uh uh
I'm telling you I rarely predict these things but just based on logic and based on the fact that
uh for well with their all not the whole month in November but the whole rating month which went
from like late October to the middle of November for weeks just when we thought we had things
really going and then Greg screwed it up again nice going Greg you jackass
these cinnamon to the phrase oh this is good this is right up bus grants alley if I can say that
back to them it says the cinnamon to the phrase one of the pink one of the stink is the following
2004 Republican presidential election slogan one in the bush one in the tush says Ray and
Miami Springs that's gone Ray
YEAH
you weigh
this is morehow a baby did but the only thing funny other than rape of it is that pipe
smokers throw the one hour
ho
Grandma got one over at
the Walmart
Oh Ziggy
ap hold on their shoppers greedy feet getting out of my way you KURBY it was on the day after thanks
Oh, poor grandma didn't know she'd be dead meat.
Every beer we've had was right.
All she wanted was a player.
Congratulations.
You've ruined Christmas.
More the DVDs she owned.
Merry Christmas, kiss me.
But when those faithful doors won't open...
Well, then why?
She was stepped on and banged up straight to the bone.
Grandma's now quite out of action.
In the hospital she sits.
After a body is in traction.
And she even needs a nurse to take us...
Buh-buh!
Buh-buh!
Grandma got run over at the Walmart.
He did awful.
Tramp under shockers pretty feet.
It was on the day after Thanksgiving.
Don't!
Poor grandma didn't know she'd be dead meat.
No, I'm a winner.
Give me the number for 9-1-1.
Merry Christmas, everybody.
Watch your ass.
Okay, here's another fact you said to me.
That's a story that we have on a website.
Pope likes Mel Gibson's film on Christ's Passion.
It's on our website.
Thank you so much anyway.
Thank you.
Of all the things in the world I just despise that people do.
It's fencing us stuff.
It's like, you know, back at you.
You want to mean?
Sorry.
Here's the...
No, you had no way knowing that because you sure as hell wouldn't be looking at our website.
Readin' them stories.
That's no chance of that.
Nothing about the hurry coupons on air.
I like the pictures.
Do you like the pictures?
Them cute little pictures of Rumsfeld chicken hands with Sodometscube.
That's still on air.
Them cartoons.
You can have Josh read you some of the words in the cartoons.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'm telling you this is...
I'm telling you this is...
If we could just take...
Not because I'm anxious to get out of here today because quite frankly it's almost the end of the week anyway.
But I'm just so curious about this trend coming up.
Now granted, the Arbor Trends, which is a rolling three month average in a ratings,
it doesn't...
You know, it's not the entire book, but this will be two thirds of the fall rating book and...
I think it's just going to be significant because like I said, it was the last vestiges of Pharrell.
Pharrell on QAM.
Which we were going through to Roof at that time.
This station was like just smoking.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
And now it's just like...
You just see like the little...
How is Scott doing by the way over there at the sub-center?
I don't know if we've heard yet.
200.
But 100 of that was from Chuck, right?
Correct.
Well that's...
Now what the hell happened on that total?
Didn't Miguel...
Yeah, here it is.
So we're getting more creep in there.
48,790.
We need another 210 today to get to 49,000.
We sure this all can do that easy.
It's my fault.
I haven't been promoting it because quite frankly we're Scott Jr. is concerned who wants to think about him anyway.
Makes me lose my appetite.
Maybe we can have the Scott Jr. diet.
You know, just have a picture him paste it on your refrigerator.
Boy, he is just...
Strange.
But we don't like it, Jr., it's just that you're strange.
Which he would admit to that.
He's not one of those people in denial.
Like what's not to like?
He wouldn't say that.
He'd say...
Like that.
Oh, damnler Chrysler's Chrysler division bowing to critics said...
See, everybody's came in and forth.
It was Abercrabby and bitch.
This is what really frosted my fat ass.
Is that everybody's a whim.
Damnler Chrysler's Chrysler division bowing to critics said yesterday it was abandoning plants dispenser.
A Super Bowl Sunday televised football game featuring underwear clad models.
The lingerie bowl 2004 attack a football game played by 14 women models wearing brazen panties.
Wasdoo been spotted sponsored by Chrysler's Dodge brand and broadcast pay-per-view TV at halftime
during the NFL's championship game on February 1.
Halftime has never been this sexy reads one headline from the events website.
Dodge, whose advertising features the slogan Grab Life by the Horans,
was to have had its Ramshead logo embraced on bras worn by the models.
Critics dubbed the event sexist, however, and senior Chrysler officials have been distancing themselves from it since last week.
Proceeds from the event were originally due to benefit the American Foundation for AIDS research,
but it also severed ties with the game.
A source close to Chrysler said conservative lobbying groups had flooded the company's email system with complaints about the upcoming spectacle.
You've got at some point to decide, okay, maybe we made a mistake.
Let's pull the plug the source set. What a pile of crap!
In a statement formally announcing the withdrawal of Dodge's sponsorship of the lingerie bull,
George Murphy Chrysler's senior vice president of global marketing dismisses as a distraction
that had taken a spotlight off the company's cars and trucks, he didn't elaborate on a controversy which first came to lights ever weeks ago.
A spokesman for Horizon Productions Inc., the lingerie bull's producer said it was disappointed that Dodge had withdrawn its sponsorship,
but that the game would go on anyway.
Not a bunch of crap.
Everybody's cavein' in, cavein' in, cavein' in, ever-crabby-and-fitch, the sexiest catalog in a history mankind,
something everybody looked forward to every year.
Oh, well, we're not going to put one out anymore because we're cavein' in.
Everybody hears the not just the handwriting on the wall, they hear those goosteps outside their door, they can hear them coming.
Fragic, and speaking of that, Pope John Paul, and this is on our website,
has seen nuggets and controversial film the passion about Christ's final hours and said,
what's not to like?
That's what he said.
The Pope saw the film with his long time, Pola Secretary, Archbishop Stanislaw Dushbag, about 10 days ago.
The source also confirmed reports the Pope told the secretary after viewing the film, it was, it is as it was,
meaning he considered an authentic portrayal of gospel accounts of last-hour Christ's Love, as if he knows, right?
He was there, like Walter Cronkite would say, and you are there, not, it is as it was.
Boy, oh boy.
The film which is due to be released in February has been shown to a select audience of Catholic officials
and several private screenings in recent weeks.
The 82-year-old Pope viewed the film on a video monitor and his apartment, the source said,
Abraham Foxman, US director of the Anti-Defamation League, said the group would respect the Pope's views.
This Pope has a record of history and history of sensitivity to Jewish community and is a clear moral voice in understanding
when it comes to anti-Semitism, Foxman said,
we hope that Mel Gibson has heard our concerns and those of Christian Jewish scholars and religious leaders who expressed unease
about the earlier version and its potential to fuel rationalize them, legitimize anti-Semitism, he said.
So in other words, they cleaned it up like a Reagan thing, they cleaned it up, they polished it off, and now it's acceptable.
And he gave it his stamp, his seal of approval.
What a pile of crap.
Anyway, the QM van is at the sub-center, our good friend Chuck thank him for his nice check.
He's on the corner of Ivesderry Road in 441, right there at Kitty Corner, the QM studios, and right Kitty Corner Kentucky Fried Chicken on the other side,
and Pollo Tropical and the Amaco Station.
What else we got over there? And the Walgreens back there in the Strip Shopping Center?
What a great hood.
Now what's that Kitty bar on the other corner there?
Tootsies.
Tootsies?
You can see, tootsies go by and gotta look at, buy buy and gotta look at you like, ah, like that.
No matter what you do here, look at you in the same way.
He's got our best and the merchandise, you can also drop off some toys for the Joe Mark toy drive, get those more Howard David and Keychains.
200 bucks, we got to get over 49 by two o'clock with him.
See what I'm saying? Then we got a shot to rest that they would all these other things, because Josh Cortis will have the best of with him at Tony Roma 7 to 9 tonight.
I'd love them in US one. Tony Roma's 8 there many a time.
For those of the days, WNWS.
And tomorrow with George, noon to 2 at 4 Lauderdale, Harley on Federal just south of Oakland Park, Boulevard, free food, and the Atlantic City subs, and the lovely George.
You can always have vacation this week. He'll still be working his little ass off tomorrow, because he gets paid for it.
And tonight, Joe and Mark show from 2 in the morning until 5 from Cafe Iguana.
They'll be collecting toys all night long and throughout the day till 7 o'clock tomorrow night, new and unwrapped toys to benefit the Joe to Maggio Children's Hospital.
So everybody's trying to do their part of this time of the year, and we've just been receiving today a torrent of good holiday wishes and good cheer from the lovely wonderful, friendly folks of South Florida.
What a culture shock it is, you know, from the, from the show ends at 2 o'clock, and I walk out, not even just walk out the door.
When I get in the elevator and run into people in my building, everybody's friendly, good afternoon, how you doing?
My, my, my courteous, hold the door for you. Everybody's pleasant, they're smiling. Everybody's in a good mood.
And then you come in here and open up that phone man 10 o'clock in the morning.
You know, it's the same old, various forms, but it all comes out the same.
You know what I mean? You know exactly what I mean. I hate that ice cream. It's a various different forms, shapes and sizes and letters, but it's all the same.
Oh yeah, I know. You know, here's the new poll by the way, the final tally on the other poll, 285 votes.
What's your take on the decision to allow John Hinckley to have unsupervised trips?
There's get instant professional care.
Yeah, well, yeah. Only in America, it's insane. 205 said that. He should have been executed 79.
Why not? He's been declared fit 71. And who's John Hinckley? Look at that.
About third man. 7.7% of this audience 30 people said who's John Hinckley?
Now, I know there was another choice, but for obvious reasons we couldn't put it on there.
Here's the next poll. Which of these do you most strongly believe?
Five choices. George W. Bush had advanced knowledge of 9.11.
Visit as I said, BJ shop.
Other Bush officials had advanced warning.
Nobody in government had a clue.
Heads out a role at the FBI and or CIA for failure to prevent line 11 or GW Bush would be impeached for lying to Congress in the public.
Five excellent choices. Which of these do you most strongly believe?
GW Bush had advanced knowledge of 9.11.
Other Bush officials had advanced warning. Nobody in government had a clue.
Heads out a role at the FBI and or CIA for failing to prevent line 11 or GW Bush would be impeached for lying to Congress and the public.
Now that one guy that called a little while ago, he's obviously if he didn't already turn over to Bush, he's racing to the dollar turn over to there right now.
Can you believe that? But that's okay. Like I said, have a great life.
Free country at least so far.
Keep channel does know everybody was stationed yet.
We don't have all right wing shows on all the time. Although WIOD I noticed another right wing asshole from Tampa or used to be in Tampa to their lineup.
So it's all right wing all day.
Everybody's cave in in Nucleon under.
And all this money that we have to spend on the next next year's election. Why even bother you know what?
Look at all the money we could save. Let's just call them all off.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I better vote I guess.
Did you vote yet? Not yet.
I just voted. WDQAM happy Thursday.
Any how you doing pretty good schedule a little for off for Bush and Hinkley and a piece of that bitch.
You like 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
That's the same guy that called it the end of a Joe show this morning. That's Kevin. He calls every day.
On the year he calls every. Yeah, but he's really his name's not Kevin. He's actually this guy's like Mike Mark.
Can I ask you this question? No, seriously. I'm not trying to like run anybody else's show.
But I've been doing this a long time. And why is it that the sport and I already know the answer because it ensures a steady flow of never-ending calls.
I do understand that it's called a cop out. It's easy way out.
Are you about to suggest cutting out the comics? Yes. No. Why? Why is there this insistence?
This is what I could be wrong because you've worked on the various shows of the sports shows on the station.
Is it all the shows do that when they talk to anybody who calls every day? Because if you cut out the comics, this is what a phone call would be like.
Really? I mean once in a while you get a couple new people, but otherwise it's the same people.
Oh brother. And over. And over. And the best part is like the colors think that they're doing their own talk shows.
They call up and they interact with the producer. You mean one from a little Havana, for example?
Like what will be on like the phone with Zach or Giepper for like a half an hour before he goes on the air?
Making buds and friends and chitty chatting. And whose decision is that? Is that the individual host decision or are they the people?
Because I personally, if it was me, I mean I would have fired as much as I like Zach and I can't stand Robert Giepper.
I would have fired both the rest a long time ago because to be honest with you, anybody producing the show that puts the same people on their every single day.
You're just not doing the job. You're not doing a job.
Yeah, but then you don't have any colors.
How do you listen? How do you know that unless you try it?
Because shows that encourage people to same wants to call every day. Not only don't have any colors, they don't have any listeners.
Nobody wants to hear the same chronic voices every single day.
And the other thing is all the colors are stupid, but they're not that stupid. They change their names.
They use different voices. They call four times during the show with different accents.
But the fact of the matter is that our people will talk to them every time they call.
Because even after the first few seconds and you realize all of a sudden it's that chronic Joe or it's chronic Kevin or it's chronic one from a little of that.
Who out of hell is a Reverend Jones? They keep talking to him like no problem.
It is coma inducing man.
Absolutely.
It's a new honor.
Actually the only guy that's pretty strict with his colors is Eddie Kay.
Well, Eddie Kay bitches everybody out.
Yeah, which I do like that, but he bitches everybody on.
Well, look at the initial response on his poll.
31 votes, which of these you most strongly believe George W. Bush had advanced now to 9-11 only two.
Other Bush officials had advanced warning three. Nobody in government had a clue for heads out a role at the FBI and or CIA for freighted a friend of 9-11-5.
And George W. Bush had been impeached for lying to Congress and the public 17 in the early gold.
Why in local your sports radio 560s you a.m.
For the time.
That's the crack they played on the whole.
That's power.
Oh, God.
The kids today don't know what's good.
Like that song, I'm happy I live in a split level head.
You remember that?
How can you listen?
I'm happy I live in a split level head.
I'm happy I live in a split level head.
You don't remember that?
No.
Why am I surrounded by morons?
Come on, howie.
Don't you call me howie.
There are nothings of poor nation from you pal.
Ow!
You son of fattle.
Okay, that's it.
You're all fired.
You bet still be the fool.
You listen to me.
You're fired.
You'll think that goes for you too.
You who I am, I'm the king of paradise.
I came down here after losing my child.
To the affix fish.
In a little pond.
When they kicked me off the STM they told me don't come back again.
I had some problems with my guys who advised I moved to paradise.
Oh, really?
Biot.
That's very clearly no Louis 9.
I think I was fucking your own bion.
And I hope that kids got some dives.
I hope he dies.
I hope you all die.
I'm a big fish and a little pond.
I'll see you.
A big fish and a little pond.
A big fish and a little pond.
A big fish and a little pond.
Yeah!
What is anybody into?
Absolutely.
Prop 20, but my psychic powers have kicked in today big time.
What did I say to you?
Was it before the show?
When I was telling you about this Michael Jackson finds Islam?
Yeah.
And what did I say about playing the race card?
You said it would happen.
And who did I say the probably get as the attorney?
I'm looking at the fudgery.
Cochran.
I'm looking at the fudge report right now and in red.
When it's in red, if you go, wow.
Uh oh.
Anytime we see any headline and red on the fudge report, everybody goes,
it's report super lawyer Johnny Cochran to take Michael Jackson case.
How do you like that?
As Neil psychic powers kicking again.
If you tune in late, shame on you.
Because we expect everybody to listen all four hours every day, five days a week.
Don't wait.
Of course not.
I'm going to read this morning's New York Post.
The king of pop is restarting himself, Jack O'X.
As Johnny Cochran in a whole bunch of it because obviously now,
see if there was any doubt in anybody's mind.
Once Johnny Cochran starts into a case like this like,
oh, Jators, one word that comes to your mind.
What's the word begins with the G ends and why?
Guilty.
Got it beast.
Got it.
What is he eating, Josh?
He's got to be eating.
You have got to be eating.
I'm not eating.
You probably got to cheer with your back to Josh.
Turn toward the wall.
Stuff and stuff into your purse.
I guarantee it.
No.
Yes you are.
No, no.
Michael's old brother.
Talk about it.
Yeah, listen to that.
Tittering like a little girl and some chicks going out with you tonight.
Boy, wait till she gets a load of your act.
A load?
Yeah.
She ain't getting no load from you.
She got a load of crap.
In fact, why don't you eat some more ice cream before your date?
No, no, thank you.
Michael Jackson last night became a member of the Nation of Islam and sources told the New York Post his religious change over comes along with a shakeup of his personal staff.
High ranking members of the Nation of Islam have been working to bring Jackson into Reverend Louis, Farrakhan's flat, flat, flat, and Jackson's conversion is now well known in the N.O.I. community, the Nation of Islam, the N.O.I. community.
Exactly.
Why Jackson, the Verde wasn't here to post sources, but now we're starting to see the race card on the horizon.
Fox News's website reported yesterday that Jackson's brother, Germain, who converted to Islam in 1989, has been seeking to win favor with his more famous sibling.
He wants in on that cash and has brought Farrakhan's chief of staff, Leonard F. Muhammad, and the Jack's Jack O's inner circle is a bodyguard.
And although there's talk in Jackson's camp that they want to replace the Pennsylvania Mark Garagos, the high price Hollywood attorney appeared in firm contort yesterday.
But the world famous Fudge report says in red no less in red.
Oh my God.
Report super lawyer Johnny Cochrane to take Michael Jackson case.
Even Bill O'Reilly would have to believe that even as much as he and Miss Fudge are Smith Smith fighting.
Not great.
So if you thought we had some ugly bunch of crap, see I don't understand how somebody can play the race card when they're wider than you are.
They're wider than your ass Michael Jackson.
He's been bleaching and bleaching and bleaching.
Forget about the nose and all the other body parts, but he's been bleaching that puts his for years now.
He's as white as the fallen snow in goddamn Mrs. Saga.
So what else he couldn't.
By the way, you know any good restaurants and Mrs. Saga?
Is there my teller?
Tell the guy to call up Don Sherry and he'll he lives in Mrs. Saga. He'll tell him.
Let's see thought this might be of interest for the Martin's before stadium.
Who's this from? Who signed that bird?
I guess I'll yeah.
Brett.
But it says don't underestimate development at X and it's a long thing about leaving a new city stadium.
Okay, thank you very much, Bert.
But boot whoever you are.
But it's a kind of ponderous.
I'll read it in my leisure time.
So this is the shocking news of the hour that it looks like Johnny Cochrane is going to step into the breach, which means guilty.
Comes to mind, not that I had any doubts to begin with.
And the four o'clock this afternoon they're going to officially file the charges and you can be sure all the talking ahead.
Networks will be breathlessly awaiting and keep your eye on a bouncing balls.
Keep your ears and eyes open for the dates of the alleged stuff. Got it?
76 votes in our second pool.
Effective to file child molestation charges against the pop star Michael Jackson.
I just said that wolf.
You fascist.
You bush-licker.
76 votes, which of these do you most strongly believe?
George W. Bush had been impeached for lying to Congress in the public.
36, 47.3%.
That's what I voted. What'd you vote?
I voted, uh, actually, you know what? I couldn't vote.
Why not?
It just the poll came up.
Like, I think someone else in the building got to it before I could.
Good.
Heads out of roll at the FBI and or CIA for failure to prevent 911.
17.
Nobody in government had a clue.
10.
Changing again.
12.
George W. Bush had advanced knowledge of 911.
We got eight people believe that.
And other Bush officials had advanced warning on other six.
But 38, 46.3% say George W. Bush ought to be impeached.
We don't have the impeachment hearing to go on right now.
And instead, what do we get?
We get his ratings are soren through the roof.
His popularity is 63%.
He's 20 points ahead of Dean.
Twenty-three points.
60 to 37%.
And if he likes him, we're right now.
Thank goodness it ain't.
We talked to one defense attorney who knows Mr. Snett in the prosecutor up here quite well.
And he says that if there are heavily graphic details in the documents released today,
that that could be bad for Mr. Jackson.
Uh-oh.
You hear that?
Heavily graphic details.
Squirt, Squirt.
Look out.
56670560.
Oh, it's going to be so ugly, you know.
And wouldn't it be something if we had simultaneous, which you know they wouldn't do it?
If we had the Sodom trial going on, Nick, because they said it could happen next summer,
and the Michael Jackson trial too.
Wouldn't we have to let go on FM and be in stereo?
Have one trial out of it.
One trial on the right channel, one on the left channel.
That's what I'm thinking.
56670560.
560 on the AT&T line.
QAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Good afternoon to you.
Hey, now, why do you think they would play the race card to avoid riots if you found guilty?
Yeah.
Right.
To avoid riots if you found guilty.
There you go.
Just like what OJ did.
Is that what they did to avoid riots if he was found guilty?
No.
27th pass note with your first vacation's crowd at QAM.
My, my, my, and look all this is 43560.
QAM.
Coming next year, the King of Thought prevent for your hometown, touring to benefit the Cardinal Classy School for wayward boys, if Michael Shatson.
I'm a good lady, isn't picky.
I've got a very happy time.
Michael Jackson, Minimum and Siwa.
Because I've found you, and he tried to let it go.
But he's back all by.
Michael Jackson.
Yes, Michael performs all of his great hits from only for the Jackson 5.
I'm getting down on my knees.
Removing the dumb goose.
Babies, please follow me.
Baby, you and me.
That's right.
From the time of tunes of the Jackson 5, to the Classics' solo work, Michael Jackson's benefit to her aims to please.
The people of Suram, are so prepared to be in Nile.
Some call me big brother, some are better, while.
And there's no one to defy.
I just sit for a while and be defeated, be defeated.
I can't not talk.
I need to be defeated, be defeated.
Michael Jackson.
Sometimes I'm through the present I just sit around.
So can we be poor or cold when we call you cold again?
When I'm home alone sitting naked by the phone, I need to be defeated.
And be one of the five lucky boys to receive backstage passes to hang out in Michael Jackson's dressing room.
Michael Jackson's gonna be the showroom.
Hey, yeah, Michael.
Yes, Bobby.
Is that your real skin color?
Well, it's inside with counts.
But I know a game that we can play to find out.
And since you fly, you know, it's time for free willy.
Say, say, say what you want, but you know who I am.
Give a picture of me.
Don't know how to read what fits all boys give me a reaction.
And here the rousing finale.
Yes, Michael sings the song he wrote for the show and of the world.
With the Vienna Boys choir backing him up.
I don't like girls.
I like male children.
They are the ones who turn me on and hate.
I hope they will live.
It's a choice of making.
I like to have their lives, but it's true.
They make a great display.
Here are other great Michael Jackson classics.
Like Billy's jeans.
Do you know how to tell time?
And of course, smooth criminal.
Just a Michael Jackson's tour to benefit the Cardinal Classy School for wayward boys.
Get your tickets now.
Boys and your ten of them are free when a copy by no one.
They are free when a copy by no one.
They are free when a copy by no one.
They are free when a copy by no one.
They are free when a copy by no one.
They are free when a copy by no one.
I don't know what you are going to do.
I don't know what you are going to do.
I don't know what you are going to do.
I don't know what you are going to do.
I don't know what you are going to do.
I don't know what you are going to do.
I don't know what you are going to do.
I don't know what you are going to do.
I don't know what you are going to do.
I don't know what you are going to do.
I don't know what you are going to do.
I don't know what you are going to do.
I don't know what you are going to do.
I don't know what you are going to do.
I don't know what you are going to do.
I don't know what you are going to do.
I don't know what you are going to do.
I don't know what you are going to do.
I don't know what you are going to do.
But you looked away.
You used the person waiting in the bend raise.
I was waiting in the bend raise.
It was a question.
You are going to be breaking loose.
going to be mighty huge. WDQYM.
Good one. WDQYM, hello.
Hey, how's it going, man?
Pretty good, sir?
Good. Listen, I went over to one of the American's on Saturday, I picked up your CD, it was
pretty good. The only question I have is where do you get the old archive ones, like the
old back in the day?
Can't do it.
Can't do it no way?
No, God's.
Listen, one more thing. You know when you play that about 30, man thing?
It's not like 30, man.
Yeah. Isn't that from who wants a millionaire or something?
No, that's from that, yeah, it's from that bit we plan who wants someone in our
right.
But 30, man.
Which is coming up soon.
Okay, thanks, Neil. Take care, man.
Have a great day, Pali. Yeah, we haven't played that in a long time. Regis and whoever
to hell with this, who is that with Regis?
That's P.D. and O.D.B.
Regis and what the hell is that called?
Uh-oh. I don't know what that thing is called.
Beast?
I don't know.
What do you mean you don't know?
You're supposed to be on top of everything.
How do I know what George puts it under in this thing?
Is it called who wants to be a millionaire?
How do I know what George puts?
Maybe it's P.D. and Regis, huh? You think?
Puff?
I'm looking at Puff the Magic wrapper.
Puppy with Regis millionaire.
I think it starts out like something like that.
It's coming up soon.
56670560, pound 560.
Listen, when you've got about 25 million bits in this thing, it's a miracle you can
remember anything.
I think it's a great testicle to our sanity.
48.6% say we want the impeachment starting right now before the weekend.
Before Johnny Cochrane throws his hand in the ring.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Y'all have their candy cane.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Speaking.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hello.
W-D-Q-A-M.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Going once or twice.
Yes.
I think that you're right when you said that this occupation is amazing on life.
That guy who was caught last Sunday wasn't a star.
He was sent to cause.
Yeah, okay.
5607-0560, pound 560 on a QM goofball line.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, what's going on?
Not too much.
You can hear it.
Yeah.
B-Q-F-B-Q-M.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Hey, there was a spot on the wire.
You found it.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Yes, I like to, I like to impeach that bastard.
How about Bush?
Yeah, I'll ask a talk about it.
Oh, okay.
5607-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T of Verizon.
I'm all waiting for some more.
He's really good calls.
They're on there, but they will come down.
Matt Bivens in the nation in the daily outrage column writes, they're not so long arm of
Saddam.
Very short.
He says, back when we citizens were struggling to follow the debates of whether to invade
Iraq, a comment often heard, often in a half-doubting, half-hopeful tone, was they,
meaning the foreign policy elites in Congress and the White House, probably know some things
that we don't yet.
We assume that no one would be foolish enough to drag us half-assed into a land war in
the Middle East.
Indeed, the very fact that even as rank-and-file Democrats were saying no to war, congressional
Democrats were reluctantly saying, yes, seemed to support the logic they had been told
things we hadn't.
Now comes the potential blockbuster of a claim.
Democratic Senator Bill Nelson of Florida says the Bush administration-wise, year told
him in about 75 other senators that it classified briefing that Iraq not only had terrifying
weapons, but also a means to deliver them to East Coast cities.
Nelson wouldn't say who made that sterling behind closed doors claim, though the White
House directed questions about it to a title of Pentagon, but aside from this claim of
an Iraqi long-range threat to the East Coast apparently having been totally wrong, it
was also far more alarming than the claim that was a far more alarming claim than ever
was put before the public.
It was also likely a claim likely to have been ripped apart by non-government experts.
Why was that why it was only whispered in a few senatorial ears he asked?
Isn't the time for senators to speak out frankly about what they were told about Iraq?
After all, it sounds like they got a different story than the rest of us.
Then asshole Lou Dobbs that fat-faced the self-aggrandizing puts on CNN last night
had the James Woolsey on there poop-pooing out of this.
Well, Bill Nelson wasn't really told that.
He didn't really understand what they were telling him.
And he already got it.
Bullcrap, okay?
Bullcrap.
They lie like it's like most people breed the fresh air.
It's kind of like Greg Reed, you know what I'm saying?
It's like a way of life.
My, my, and look all this is for real high city.
Where you lay at?
Fun.
Fun.
Fun.
Fun.
Fun.
Fun.
Fun.
Fun.
Fun.
Fun.
Fun.
Fun.
Fun.
Fun.
Fun.
Fun.
Fun.
Fun.
Fun.
the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the
46th this crap he just facts me from this bushlicker this David Powell howl guy whatever
he'll his name is thought you might like some positive in post since you have trouble
finding any no I don't have trouble finding accurate information okay David I don't
read the national review and watch Fox News all day notice here's blacked out the website
I just came from yeah probably from newscom newsmax.com but anyway to make a long story
short he's got all these different pointers here about the first battalion of the new
Iraqi armies graduate on active duty he hasn't mentioned the fact that like a half of
the Iraqi military is already resigned hasn't talked about that also doesn't talk about
the fact that there are no traffic lights operating anywhere in the city of Baghdad none
zero bill hump her head that on a show day last night on CNN again he also I'm we're supposed
to be proud of the fact that they restored over three quarters of the pre-war telephone
services and over two thirds of the portable water production oh isn't that great how
about all the rest how about the electricity that's out there are 4,900 full-service telephone
connections expect 50,000 by year and so not at all out and then let's put it back together
and let's let back tell in Halliburton all our other good buddies put it back together
again Humphie Dumpty David you're whistling into a dark place baby into a vacuum God wasting
your time I noticed by the way just caution you on this because I noticed that Miss Fudge
is fudging her bets now on the Fudge report instead of red on area changed into black and
now it says US mag US magazine says super-loryr Johnny Cochrane to take Michael Jackson case we don't
know what magazine that is because Miss Fudge ain't telling us yet but now US mag says
it said it went so on see what I'm saying so I'm just passing that along because
sometimes Miss Fudge effuges a little bit here and there that's what Bill O'Reilly said and
Bill O'Reilly said she ought to be dead 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
13 minutes away from that big moment man when there's numbers there coming out look who's on
CNN right now are they not afforded to save rights as any other human being I think it is a
former segregation to talk about gay rights or gay marriage and gay anything separate than any
other part of the human family they ought to have the same rights as anyone else in the human family
you go out there you go he says all the right things out sharp and that's the problem you know
I mean he says all the right things but then you look at him and remember one thing that bothers you
he's out sharp and nobody to Q.A.M. Tell sharp and that's the problem you know
hello
going once hello yes sir what's up Neil how you doing sir what's going on buddy
what's your love stop Florida WQM hello
WQM hello yes sir it's calls like these today it's days like these when all the
excrement of the human right here just come and squirt and right through our phones that's when
I love it to most you can smell it all the way up here it's a beautiful thing
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line how's that pull coming
while these calls are building up to a frenzy 162 votes which in these you most strongly believe
George W. Bush had advanced knowledge of 11 14 other Bush officials had advanced warning 14
nobody in government had a clue 18 heads out a role of the FBI and or CIA for fated to prevent
911 34 and George W. Bush had been impeached for lying to Congress in the public 50.6% 82 are saying
that right now WQM the famous lie 9 hello I'm never happy we can tell WQM hello oh yeah Neil
yes sir this is George how you doing okay I love this though I listen to George when George is on
my find him very entertaining I just want to let you know I am a Christian but even though I am
I still love listening for entertainment yes sir yes great and well why why do you tell us that
you're a Christian is there any special significance to that I mean you're not going to bring in
hell for listening to show are you because I don't want to like do anything that's going to
know no chances huh it's not that it's just that you guys seem to be very very hard on
Christians you seem very hard on the group's period of anybody who seems to believe at all in
God in fairytales yeah that's right I'm not giving out fairytales we like fairies but not
fairytales I understand that you have the right to say that I just enjoy the show I can thank you
a lot Pali and God bless you and happy Christmas you too thank you and the happy quanzan Maria Hanukkah
and all these other ridiculous things five ain't listen it's good for business it raises a lot of
money everything is about money the world is a business and all the other stuff is just window
dressing just don't ever forget that that's the one thing we can all agree on if you got half a
brain everything is about business religions a big tax-free business all the holidays are just
to generate more business and of course the drink a lot of food get drunk all of these things
and maybe get lucky like the beast hopes he will the night but I doubt it I don't think you're
getting any don't get your hopes up could happen could it could happen no you won't have the
customer's date I'm not that you made on the internet is she like one of these like shut-ins
really desperate that's never uh huh no has she ever seen a penis I'm not talking about a drawing
but it's she ever actually seen one like live it in person I'm sure she has your positive I'm
positive well I'm glad I'm glad she has in the past because five six seven oh five sixty I don't
think there's anything on the horizon for her this evening that's the first date of course not
wqa hello it's the first date of course not that I really hear correctly oh man what a joke that is
what how many qa hello that's not my clearance told me qa am all right man I'm here it sounds like
you yes hey let me ask you a question go ahead I never had a chance to catch the end of
requiem for a dream and again missing it anytime it comes on cable without giving up too much on it
yeah what happened at the end of the movie well how far did you get I got to the part where they
committed the the the mother right and I got to the part where this was Harry at the hospital yet
that Harry make it with a purple vein in a hospital I don't think so oh I was watching it one night
and then my son started crying and I missed the last probably 20 minutes of it my hold is your son
you just turned two today oh well today happy birthday son
I love you love you love you love your drop he loves your Roy and he loves your about 30 man drop
roars
fuck three man excellent I don't want to worry man you got to go right to it's you got to see it for
yourself all right now okay in fact go to your kid he'll never do drugs if you're showing that one
hang on there paling have a good holiday bye bye
this is perfect for these calls today man in fact this last time he made the best call of the day
at least one of them anyway it's not like the accident was almost rational
we've got a lot of pressure man they got to buy gifts all the poor Jews they got to buy
different gift every day for eight days for Chanukha real scam if I ever hurt one
although at least they buy the gifts also and at Christmas of course you got to buy something
really big and stay on the tree I love this now you see the movie right no you see have you
seen anything besides hurricane bumpy yes I doubt it I actually just not gonna move the other
night what was that with Kevin Spacey plays a death row in major's a philosophy professor does the
movie have a name or something about David Gale I forget the something on the lines of
David Gale something rather I give you and Sarah Goldfarb together in the in the joint man what a
nice maiden heaven great you
I want to give you a kiss of you
all right
you got me did it because there weren't any cues in it so must see Requiem for Green one of the
great movies of all time and I see it's not one of these things where it's like debatable
the girls comment was well I just don't get it what what what's the point what's what's the point
1254 at 560 WDQAM QAM hello good afternoon good afternoon to you sir yes just one holiday
go ahead would you please ask Santa for a new wardrobe yeah very good very good that's the
guy who finds some different creative way to get a good shot and they're about to fact that I'm
a slot I really don't care about my wardrobe and you shouldn't mind so much either you can ask
Moe for some pants I can get some checkered pants for you probably at least loan them to me for the
holidays oh why don't they're like that muskrat here on my pants I kind of it's a pain in the
old brush off 5 6 7 0 5 60 hate your mo hate your life poison even during the holidays there ain't no
difference okay nobody's ever letting up on the moment it's just sick isn't it no it's real
serious hate just like you and him hate you despise him you wish that something evil and horrendous
what happened his grotesque ol ugly ass you know you do see and there's no even denial there's no
they know right you can say it he's not gonna be on his show again what do you care
here's the poor result 177 votes on a poll so far this hour and a second poll which in
these you most strongly believe George W. Bush had advanced now to 9 11 14 other Bush officials
had advanced warning 16 just change again nobody in government had a clue 23 well of course you
can interpret that different ways heads out a role of the FBI and or CIA for failing to prevent 9 11 37
and George W. Bush should be impeached for lying to Congress in the public 90 out of 182 49.4%
but heads it's the one to two hour
so
anytime they see that we're lacking in the
they probably have that will lead you by the
the
the
well
we got to
we they
You say 9 or 11 is what they got you to do with me
Can't get any cover but a home party cut on the beach
You believe what they say like the fall
Like the fall of the waterfall
As they unite the state of the fall
With two of the election law
We got a push and sky in game
We got a hit on your knees
We got a hit on your knees
We got a hit on your knees
Look at these initial numbers
They mean nothing
They mean nothing
I also got a great column here
It's a beautiful thing
I'm not as good as these calls were getting today
But it's fantastic
Number one station in South Florida
For September October November
Overall 12 plus WLYF
Slush
5.2 share
There's always number one
You want it to win because every doctor's office
Every dentist's office
Every secretary's got life in the background
WCMQFM
Oh this means it's a big stick trend
WCMQFM
A 5.2
WDR drops from first to third
4.9
It's the suppose against the suppose
It's one hell of a battle man
Who's bringing these numbers in McGill
Did we ever get our 10 additional bus
Over there at the trucks
We now have 400
We're doing it man
Even with Scott Jr., there's enough to drive anybody away
So that's 400
So that's oh wait a minute
Maybe I'm wrong
Maybe I'm adding wrong
48,990
How did I get my math all screwed up
We have 400
Correct
We started the day with four
I think I had a trucks 100 twice
We have 48,990
So we're still $10 short of 49 grand
For $1,010 short of 50 grand
Which we'll do that this week easy
Why feel a lot better now don't you
So we wouldn't have done 50 grand
There'd been a lot of heads rolling at place
McGill
Anyway, let's see who might look at WPO
Power, well who cares about power 4th 12 plus
W, a QI radio mom B is 5th 4.7
Radio Amor
Hot man, spores and spores is
Anybody speak English anymore
Man, besides that slush music station
Lifeless radio romansia WIOD
3.3 in a summer book
And the first trend is still got a 3.3
WQM, a 2.9 in the last trend, a 2.9 in this one
So it's not too exciting so far
See what I'm saying
But we got something
There's 12 plus, there's the first
Which gives me a golden moment here
Golden shower
The sneakiness article by Martin LaFave
Okay
No, it's good, it's excellent
It was a Hutu-Wats American media's salivate
Oversatams capture acting as though
Their militarism and showvonism have suddenly been vindicated
CNN, NBC, CBS, ABC, Anchors
Could barely contain them a Cobg Lee
Wolf Blitzer, a Pentagon favorite leading
The blitzkrieg of CNN reporting could barely contain himself
He delighted in running down the list of Democratic candidates
And politicians jumping on the hooray for president Bush and our brave troops bandwagon
Pandering to the Pearl American sensibility he giddly intoned
Sodom didn't care about anyone
That gets the word for most assinine statement by a major US commentator Wolf
Lou Dobbs, who can always be counted on to be the most shamelessly jingoistic of CNN's anchors
Pontificated about how Iraqis have no sense of gratitude
Just a sense of entitlement after all the good and great things America has done for them
Meanwhile, displaying an inability to connect even the most obvious dots of darkness and deadness of this country
Dobbs continued his comedic syncopation by lamenting about how there's a noticeably absent christmas spirit
In many communities around the country
Abandoning all journalistic restraint he declared that the tyranny of the few such as the ACLU
Is pushing aside America's history, culture and heritage
Like the BMoth of America itself, he ludicrously lumbered on
Might this impact retail sales?
Just when you think they've hit rock bottom, they go and dig a new bottom
Yes, Lou, Jesus would certainly agree we capture the boogie man now let's see more sales
President Bush is the cheerleader of these dantian forests
Would you use the same words that 80% of the world would use next November
Good riddance this world is better off without you
Some questions are beginning to take hold after this defining moment of meaninglessness
After this defining moment of meaninglessness does whose sains ignominious end just to buy America's war of choice
Was it worth thousands of lives and upwards of 150 billion dollars to capture this rat in his hole
Unfortunately empires are undone not by spelling the blood of their soldiers and other country civilians
But by bankrupting their own treasuries and their insatiable quest to maintain and extend their power
Fortunately for humanity however George Bush doesn't believe in the federal government
It actually wants to see it bankrupted as a way of shrinking its size
If you think that sounds a tad contradictory given his belief in the exponential growth in already of seen military
Then your guilty of reason
In a halfway civilized world Bush and his henchmen would also go on trial for crimes against humanity
War is never a means to freedom peace and democracy God may have uses for war but men and women cannot
A principle that will be embodied in the emerging international law that Bush openly scots at is this
When quasi elected leaders of formerly democratic countries invade week countries ruled by evil tyrants
They become evil tyrants themselves
Finally there's the question of justice
We will work with the Iraqis to develop a process to try to try who's saying
Spoke the corporate dummy about America's puppet regime
Translation we caught him so we'll try him but we'll use the Iraqis to do it so it doesn't look like victor's justice
The Bushites actually believe they can square executing who's saying with international law
When even America's closest said to what you went on boy we would have no part of a tribunal or a process that had the death penalty is one of its penalties
Who say in struggle reflect and appeal to the basis instincts in human nature it'll be sickening to watch even in small doses evil trying evil
Martin Lafayb and the scoop good articles on our website today okay what do we got here
Good news or bad news
Persons 12 plus 6 to 10 am these see these 12 plus numbers mean nothing but it kills him good time
Radio Amor I told you say spongebob train man radio amor is number one 5.5 you anybody listen to radio Amor no
W HQ T hot is number two 5.4 radio mom B no speaking English 5.2 in the morning 12 plus all his older cubanos
Big 5.1 big jump up there big WBGG the Howard station
Life where the hell is everybody else W I O D in the morning 3.8 where is Q I am I don't find them on the second page
Uh-oh but again these are 12 plus numbers dropping from a 2.7 to a 2.4
You see that you know who's gonna be upset about that absolutely
Uh-oh probably was for well don't you think oh yeah it was all for us
But this is only 12 plus what do we care about that small potatoes okay these are just some initial numbers to keep the audience uh
It's like an appetizer you see what I'm saying just a little tease until we get the important numbers in really people who care
About these numbers that are people in the business
Everybody else screw off you know it's a holiday's leave us alone
5.670560 oh here comes the midday 12 plus numbers I bet you these are gonna be weak
Not our demo man 12 plus we don't care about 90 year old Greeks
90 year old Greeks we got plenty of people are all calling in today
Let's see W life midday 6.7 look at that they you can't be life man
It's on like I said in every all the elevator music you ever listen to life never
Not in your life I don't even know what station that is
I think it's 101.5 oh we're pretty flat here let's see 12 plus midday 3.4 to a 3.3 about the same
W I O D though midday is 4.3 to a 4.4 that must be the return of rush oh
We got sure us now baby with the return of rush do you think
Number one station 12 plus midday life CMQ FM is second love
94 is third with a 4.9 woo and radio Amor 4.7 Amor
I like rolling at the tongue like that makes your tickles your tonsils
So there comes those see until we get through these 12 plus numbers I don't even know why I have your send these to me
In fact, why did they bring these in even I don't know do we care about these the afternoon time's way
The afternoon 12 plus okay in the meantime let's take some important calls because that because until we start
Into the many team plus near the demographics this is so meaningless it's a cruel on usual punishment
To keep this upon our vast audience company Q and hello
Yes sir yes sir I want to talk about the kidney transplant from
Alonzo Alonzo yes you have the money you can pretty much get anything don't you agree yes that's right good point
And how many other people do you think are I know this waiting ahead of the zone
And if you hear the books to show yesterday me why did not he took the dolphins need to go to a higher power I guess he was looking for the great one
Yeah, there you go
What he was trying to say to you what he was trying to say to you sir is they haven't got a prayer is what he was trying to say in a nice way
Being the gentile gentility is a good guy and he just don't want to like pile on you know anybody can pile on now it's easy
Here comes those active no numbers 12 plus baby life they're just demolishing the market man life they're sucking up the audience they got a 6 point
Their number one in the afternoon 12 plus the demographic that nobody cares about power is number two WDR WMIB men in black with a 5 point
Number four ever listen to WMIB yeah I do actually want to know you listen to what yeah like I like the hip hop
Yeah, you're really you look like the kind of guy who needs to hop first you start first you waddle and then you graduate then you start hop and they actually like walk like a human being as opposed to like
Shuffling down a hall like a schmoo
Love 9444 I'm looking for a station that we ever heard of before is there an AM station on this first page no no
Second page in the afternoon let's see WIOD 35 down to a 34 not much of a change pretty much flat doesn't look like any major changes
QAM 32 32 flat so nothing going on here you want to be a deal finally or what I'm making a part of you want to men 18 plus money through Sunday
Have you got it 6 am to midnight yes yeah number one it's on the way yeah we're number one we're number one
All right well it's about time we got something that meant something instead of all this damn stinkin for play for Christ's
Where number one the overall that would you tell me we're number one we're number one excellent okay that's how we care about is getting that bonus money
This is only 2 thirds of the book keep in mind okay this is just a trend nobody really cares about a trend but it kills some really important time on this show number one
And number two the other people are working in business who work their asses off working for a peanut's most of them they like to find out if they still got a job man or if the format's going to change next week
I think we can fairly say that we still got a job some of us now you're factoring the nights 12 plus Jesus got all might you know what is this September October November
Well there should be I don't know because the Marlins and now see 2 4 to 2 6 there was a little bit of a blip there because everybody watch the world series on television right
Plus who the hell wants to hear the world series with Dave Ann boring am I right absolutely I know you don't want to say anything because you like hope to get his either his hair piece or his wife or both
But you got no chance to get neither one of them that's what Dave told me so you got there you go we got all the 12 plus numbers and quite frankly who's number one tonight all radio mom B W A Q I all in World
Down here a domino park more like just like that that's what they're doing 113 to 560 WQ have if your hair is gone by by here's the answer for it don't take one of them pasty look at
Muscrats many make you look like a clown absolutely don't get yourself some real hair oh I ran out of paper one moment please okay in a
Box machine are you there I have morning so I'll wait on that okay I don't know this is all very exciting I don't know what to do with myself I
Could give you a suggestion we don't have time for you to find it anyway if you're looking for your hair if you got a search party and still can
Fight it chuck Alphyr is the guy you want to talk to because Charlie's got the most fantastic that technology calls it the natural
Herline system and when you finish with his piece it looks like real hair like it's really growing out of your scalp as
A post to like straw as opposed to like a nasty looking dead animal on your head as opposed to holes in the head all those
Implants all those other grotesque things no dangerous pills to take just a great looking head of hair and you have nothing at all to lose
But that shiny ugly bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 days
Here in tea after 30 days if you know of the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting more action
Then you ever dreamed you could handle then the Charlie gives you a full refund no questions asked and be sure
I mentioned the arrages when you call because it means an extra 200 bucks off your already reasonable price
So if you want to get your hair back and look like I mentioned look younger and better than you ever dreamed again
Here's the easy way to do it forget everybody else call chuck Alphyr a toll free at 1-800-321-2413
That's 1-800-321-2413 or log out of their prestigious website Charles Alphiary dot com
We're supporting you 5-16-2-am
Pretty depressing numbers baby. I'll take that this will be in
The beginning
In control and when you say Miami you're talking toilet holders there the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teens in a week?
32 Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins don't bet on them you'll always lose
They don't know how to tackle they don't know how to block their coaches ought to tell them to
And then they would run much faster and even in defeat when we go to the stadium
We'll see Miami and there the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teens in a week?
32 Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
The team that hasn't got a clue
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stands
They watch the game and all they do is mone and gripe and bitch
I wonder how Jo Rabi got to be so goddamn rich and they're the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teens in a week?
32 Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
I hear the crowd begin to boo
The dolphins have J.Fiedler that quarter backs at you
Run down the field and he will throw a pass over you
I'll never win a Super Bowl you shouldn't be surprised
When he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was circumcised and there the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teens in a week?
32 Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
J calls his signals in Hebrew
The dolphins have no defense and their offense is a joke like George Bush eating pretzels
You know they're gonna choke they'll always just a point you when they're in a playoff race
With fewer points than Pac-Marx on high zingas ugly face and you're the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how what the hell 32?
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins now they're through
Wow these doubters are just a disaster this is the master of the satchel on the face of it they don't so bad
Did you stop faxing me by the way the afternoon?
We had a bit of an issue what was the last thing you got?
First page of three to seven I don't really need the rest of them it's kind of a mood point
Okay because I can refaction
I don't need anything else as a matter of fact I got everything I need so don't waste any more of my fast paper
Weekends are good
I beg your pardon? Weekends were good
We don't we don't care about the weekend
So we really care about the weekend? No no
That's the least of our concerns
None of it was good even though we're number one or all three day parts how could you possibly be so negative now
Real easy because I extrapolated the monthly numbers and November was a disaster
Mornings
Or for all let's see overall
Number one or number one or number one in the morning and men
Overall 5.5 WQM is number one and men and 18 plus WCMQ this was such a heavy-spot and shroa treadman
They couldn't find any white people to speak English
CMQ FM all the way up to number to what kind of they play music?
We have no idea what WCMQF what is it?
Hootie Cootie? No idea
5.2 the number two WQF audio mom V a 5.3
Boy what's this other stuff you're sending me now?
Beast that might be nice I'm not sure the fact I don't want nice how much persons 25 54 would be nice something something that I want
Mid days we're still number one mid days but boy just barely by a let's see mornings first big how it's firm goes way back up again
He's not only still number one he goes from a 7 1 in the last round to an 8.1 for howie
Radio on P number two 5 9 WQM drops from a 5 2 in men to a 4.7 in the morning and this is with still with for real
Although actually in the month of November they did better than any of the rest of us
W I D right under heels with a 4.6 mid days mid days WQM number one from 10 to 3 with a 6.3 that's not from a 6.7 the individual month November
For renders a nightmare we got a fall book going on that is so bad it's going to be brutal
Time for a second CMQ FM and I O D with a 6.2 right in our ass you see that?
And men 18 plus in the afternoon Q a number one only place we went up actually from a 6.3
to a 6.4 nice go on that dog right nice go on the hopper the load the load is number one that was
So like I said it's time for them to carry carry the load you got to put it up to 54 now
Okay it's time for the afternoon to carry the load is what I said I think it's a good idea
Been carrying it on my back for too long for six years long enough
Five Choking on you know what I'm doing what's that
I'm eating halls meant to live this for my throat and you have to you suck on too much
Got to wash that down it starts getting like a chalky in there you know what I mean
So we're number one but we're not too happy about it how do you like that what a tough
Have to say that she's to her nose and I heard anything oh man he's got to be
Moaning and groan in there these are these are a precipitous decline man gun nightmare WQM hello
WQM hello sound like he's in a barrel Q.A.M. Hi is this Neil yes it is hi yeah I think
I wish it in peach that this lexic coke snorting recovering
Okay you do prime colors on hero came in go away go away she drives me nuts we had like about three women
Colors and it's all the same ones five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 and team Verizon
I was fine I'd rather have no calls than calls like her see you got to be a little bit more selective although
What turns does it make now man these numbers are like we're on a precipice of a fall like you said you had a your psychic
Premonitions were kicking in again when you said the fall book is going to sound like that I think you're right unless unless we bet
I would have gigantic December and of course that's already over with the week ago yesterday it's already
I've done deal so the diaries are already in and our fate is sealed in the hands of this audience man for so
Far and a fall book at least in mid days we are like a death's door the old time worst five six seven oh five
60 pound five sixty on the 18 and team I think it's high this could be the first time in six years that we don't make the bonus in mid
Day and you know what tough city let's see persons 25 to 54s for the whole week let me take a puket this this is so
Meaningless this stuff you sent him you now W I O D dropping from a three to a two nine nearby flat where's Q a M are we
Did we make the cut are we anywhere on the sheet Q a M three out of a two eight see all the way around here I was in one night
I'm dropping off a bad August we're dropping off a bad August so if November was decent we should have done pretty well was it decent no no it was it was
bad so you know the mighty have fallen we were all used to be great here on Q a M and then it kept screwing it
Line up and jerking the audience around and now we're on a way out of business so your place I think you're part of it yeah tell
Your fault it's my fault there's no question about that if I was there if I was there to like lead everybody by the nose around
Probably could like stick everything back on top am I coming back no not soon because you're out of touch how big your part
Yeah, you're out of touch touch this 26 after one at 560 WQM
Hey touch the phone man and call our friends at Dalmatrism give a great gift idea you don't have to go shopping
Fight the traffic all the parking hassles just pick up the phone and make a gift certificate from Dalmatrism a great gift idea for some folks you really care about
Call them now at 1 800 mattress and give the gift I'll be thinking you for night in a night out
Dalmatrism got gift certificates in any denomination and a new master bedroom bed makes a perfect gift you'll both enjoy for years
It's Dalmatrism no phone promises no bait and switch just great discount prices every day on a brand name you know trust and love now including
Stearns bananas foster Dalmatrism got the guarantee laws prices anywhere on
Stearns and foster hewitt when you call Dalmatrism 1 800 mattress you pick the day in time for delivery
Any two our windows seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 at night believe me you'll feel a difference on a sales
Practices fantastic service every day low prices same day delivery plus free setup and move all these things make it simple to see
Our Dalmatrism is the best anywhere is customer satisfaction
So for the best service go anywhere call Dalmatrist tool free like everybody else at qm is doing call 1 800 mattress
1 800 MATTR ES or check them out online at mattress.com happy holidays from the good folks at dial a
Mattress
you
The simple life is good TV
There is help in them the core it's
No more fashion shows the fancy art better get used to shopping now that wall bar
To rich girls living on a farm cows buts is where they put there are
Two little foil trust one chick won't have any time to make portal flicks
Oh
No
There's hate a bail
Don't break a meal no maize these one day
131 at 560 w kimbo. This is a death nil this trend. You know what this is just I'm actually duffus hiding under the bed right here actually
Is he really yeah, well the nice know on you what are we are gonna do now
After all these years got to come up with some other kind of a lot of work maybe a floor sweeping
Chef on a restaurant spitting the soup. I'm looking for a new mate at the house. Yeah
No thanks
This is bad. Can you believe how bad this is I
Am I just extrapolated and I see what you're talking about. Oh, I see what you mean
We got a four four and men in 18 plus a midday in the afternoon. They got a four nine
Even the mornings got a five something the five six mornings. They did the best of all
And that wasn't so great
Wasn't bad
And 2554 I'm looking at this person's 2554 we fell off the end of the map four Odeo a three four
I means we did like about a six six five and men
So when ain't good man we got a pray for a big December
We got to have sandy clothes bring us a big month of December or we're in the crapper some reason
I don't know what it is, but the fall book on this station has never been good for me
I don't know what that is. I've always been number one, but it's always like a touch and go. It's always like in the crapper
Plus this is such a heavy ethnic trend man. The waiting on this thing is unbelievable. Am I right?
Who knows
What what do you mean who knows take a take a puke at it man the way the
Yes, it looks a little on the Spanish side
A little on the Spanish side
persons 2554 in the morning hot 105 went up to a seven three number one
Radio Amor is third radio rhythm always fourth big is second. That's Howard
I mean the ethnic thing honest if you're not either black or Hispanic you forget about it in this book
I'll have to know the the mad dog in a hop right toward it. It's all on near big square shoulders now the
mad dog in the load. They got to carry the load the rest of the way
All you need is an eight share for December
To do what to do about a five yeah, no, no, no, no, no. We have two really crappy months going in there man
Four four. What kind of a number is that might a 65 and a four four?
Yeah, I know exactly what they are man
You're not messing with some kind of an amateur here
And we still have a crap number. We still have a six one with an eight. We still wouldn't even be anywhere near number one
So let's like I said it's the nice knowing you and out the all the pressure
I'm just easing back. I'm easing off. I've been doing this long enough
I'm just gonna lay back to the best I can get about a two-three share and they're good luck to everybody
It's all over all the right wingers are getting the diaries all the rush people can't compete with it because the liberals
Well, you got for liberals you got old Jews right do we have any old Jews no?
you got
Dark folks do we have any dark folks listen to the show? No, and that's it
That's why liberals are outnumbered this country now because they strictly amount already and a few fags
Here's a fact speaking of that that says after going to the dolphin games for almost 20 years now
I couldn't believe my eyes what I've been seeing this year at tailgate parties young Julio's and young Julio's has set up their portable
Domino tables it seems these
Specification of Miami is now complete. What kind of assholes play dominoes?
It says sick of dolphin football fan in Miami who lives in a trailer park with other asshole gringos
Well good for you amigo. Why were you at sea inside a lot? I just wouldn't show my push too much outside
There's the and haven't I've been saying now for the last couple of months where the hell is everybody?
Where is the audience? Where did everybody vanish to maybe it's just our audience because I look on at and and to be honest
With a December I think it's even gonna be worse. I don't want to have nervous breakdown another one
But I'm just telling you right now. I think December's gonna be bad
Because I look on that website. I think our people are all gone. They bailed out. They're probably a mississauga
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
What a shot in the head. I think if George would have been there day. We did not okay. I don't want to blame beast
I'll take the blame. Okay, it's your fault WQ a.m. Hello
Yeah, hey, you guys have lost your signal on Hollywood completely. Maybe that's part of the problem
What do you know about that? Yeah, as a matter of fact, though. We're we're off the air right now. Okay
All right, wait a minute. We're off the air right you're just gonna ride the time you let that we're off the air right now
Well, basically the sit the signal on the air the engineers are hard at work right now, but we're we got a blank signal right now
See Josh, I don't want to break the news to you, but there's no such thing as a blank signal
We have a blank signal on the stage. We have a week signal
But it's your on the air off the earth. Not there's no such thing as a blank signal
That's into when I haven't quite heard that one before we have a blank signal. So
How long would it that happen? I was just informed actually they just walked in told me
So no, there's gonna happen like a half an hour ago for a minute
What's it be good because then the audience couldn't hear how crappy we did in the book?
Yeah, it started with Joe Costello calling me and then I got more people telling me yeah
Yeah, George of course he said George Corso's on it right now. Oh, well that should take care of it right there
George Corso's on top of we should be back on I'd say about about 455
Just maybe a five 56 and time for the Humper to say here's Bino
We got the big internet audience still going
Well in that case, uh, I don't dare say it because I don't know for sure when we're gonna pop back on it with my
I would like to do it, but especially now after seeing these numbers, but I don't really care
It's not out of the stage of the games. No, especially not a day and a half before vacation not a good idea
So what do we do? Should I play some music should we put on the record for dream again?
Should we whistle dixie should we say more than a minute?
Yeah, that's a warrants. Well, can I go check on it put the playboy channel?
And now that's a real that's an even worse idea
I'll just put CNN I'll put pulse the news on here. Okay, and you can hear that you're on our weather for cast iron oh
No, it's just Cape
67 kilometers now we chill of mine is nine Qt. He's 67% and the pressure is
100.3 kilo pass gals and rising so expect today tomorrow and Saturday to be quite cold and then warming up a little bit quick
A bigger burden with the kilopack out
And your business
Canadian thing, eh?
That's it might have some rain for his journey on
Who knows well, that is this edition of city Paul set noon be sure to join Gordon and for Toronto's news on city Paul sets six and right now
It's time to hear from you live on city online. I've got that coming up next to ground
Welcome to city online. Thanks for sticking around while it's supposed to be the most wonderful time of the year
But when you just get stressed out during the holiday season give us a call 416 8707716 or 1 800 295
5463 with your questions on coping with stressed
Is it the raining raising there is like the end of the world or
It's cold out maybe a pigeon dropped a load or something. That's why we went off here
Well, I hear that there's a if like one of those little lizards gets in there and
You heard the lizard story didn't you no?
Yeah, I'm the STL
Beast is laughing this actually happened. Oh, I believe that anything is possible without equipment
How could you possibly laugh in the sun? I saw the words a lizard 8 the wizard 8th
The string in between the two tin cans is that it started chewing on the string absolutely
Next week, Beast
Jeez, well these numbers are just appalling these are horrendous
But the internet audiences getting in on me. This is like a private phone call
So no, what did you think of the trend they sucked?
There were pure unadvariated
Schmidt
Well speaking of that, how do they do in the afternoon are the 4950 a flat third?
You know
Don't make it off a lot of sense. I beg your pardon. I know I'm something your male
Go right ahead fan belt go ahead
Good for life
Boy, this is just gruesome because we were dropping off a horrendous August so I thought we had to go up
Little I realized but no
Meek and August looks sensational by comparison
Well, see this this is part of the problem too when you get this really partisan thing
It's like it's like an election year, but it's not you know, I mean because the war thing going on
If you look back at 2000 the fall 2000 with the election thing took a giant hit there too because if the if people that
Unagree with you don't get the diaries they won't put you down
So it makes me think let's not talk about politics anymore. Oh, right. Let's sell out
Let's sell out to the right wing not
Can't do it can't do it if we work it down to a point three it's still a two-head
I get something for a buyout
50 cents on the dollar sounds okay making those choices in terms of how am I going to spend my time and what's most important to me right because all of us feel we don't have it
I want you to pretend you're fucking me in my ass
Okay
Got the point
Who has their hand on the dump
We need to arch your butt
Okay, wait for you know people to walk by make a face like like you're coming
Okay, let's see them
You
Become this is my penis okay, yeah, that's what the beast is gonna say pretend that this is my penis
People doggie Sally you bend over like doggie still on four that would be big opposed, okay
Wow doggie style with candle drip
I have a confession. I'm not just modeling at the store. I actually also modeled for
You
You've got no good mail great while we don't have any audience let's talk when we have any mail
So what's the deal here? This is like for us debut that day. This is like sync crap all over
This is his revenge right now. Is that it for us revenge? Yeah, he flew back in Chicago to
And boy here's I'm sorry
I
Got news for it. He couldn't have had that big of a month because if he would have had a Howard sperm wouldn't have gone way up like that
Because that's that's where you get the indication
So must have been mo mo must have had the number anymore. Yeah, which is would be a good reason why I wouldn't get anything and my
Afternoons got some most they probably mad dog
That's it that's it. I'm sure you think
Yeah, well when mo gets his people on there were the rest of us are gonna get screwed
We're taking it up the ass when mo gets his diaries
How to how can that be possible
I mean when you look you look at the stats on our website and
The weekend after for real got canned. It's like somebody turned to switch off like like we are right now
I dropped about 40% on the hits on our website every day hasn't returned at all. Yeah, it's come back some but not not great
Still way down
And I thought that a lot of people run a town for the holidays or some because George kept telling me others no traffic
There's nobody here. Hey, you know Billy Frederick who? Billy Frederick. No
Well, you send a checker for a minute per rescue a hundred bucks. All right. Nice go on Billy to Neil George greetings from
Somewhere in Amsterdam. Damn rack. Damn rack right
He's wearing a QEM shirt there
49 9 90 that means if we have another 10 bucks for a 50 grand of this pretty good
He sent them in the gilders and gildi. Yeah, he sent the gildi. Are these the stats for you fell
49,990
Mm-hmm. Good thing I'm going to email it. I'm money
That's your same cat. Right number eight is formal event formal event going out for the human barn
Maybe put some vivid double feature on later at it. Okay
And alone, but I'm definitely feeling a little freaked out me
Now I put met
Oh
These baby how do you hear it in you? Oh look at this county good on the internet and Jupiter maybe now Joe Rose
What is it now with Joe Roy? You'll have a good lead in it says oh
Ain't that interesting hey hide away Jupiter on the internet
Couple of holiday scenes ago you played a bit Hank the hammer Goldberg singing the 12 Days of Christmas never heard of it
So I almost messed my bridges last I never heard of that
Hank the hammer Goldberg the 12 Days of Christmas. I don't know about that. No such thing
Hmm
So anybody listening on the internet we're all done here at QM next we're going back to country western music
Gonna get some of that smit kick and music on their free maybe get christen bootback some key Toby key
Toby Keith and the christen boosters show
Maybe we can have CJ Silas on a grotesque and grotesque trend this could be
One of the all-time worst months ever so the church sent you a Christmas card who did
The Catholics United for life. Oh great. Well to them. Okay. Scrum
Tell him Cox a hoise. I can't I can't even imagine what the moze gonna say tomorrow. Oh nils done
I don't really give a crap what Moe says how do you like that?
Yeah, he's I'm listening
Somebody in the Maryland sent you a CD here. I got something for you Moe all the crap you could unwrap right with a big bow on it
But the beat what the beast left after his ice cream feast the other night. Oh don't remind me of feast from the beast. Oh
For the mode of munch on just the bloating and cramps and yep you got it
Then I'd eat those Atkins bars. I thought oh my god. It's never gonna stop. I went to bed and if it still was you know, they hit just kept on coming
Make a man in there
Well, I'm gonna hit my celebratory lunch. What is it?
No
Nah come on you think we're gonna be back on this but this probably a multi-hour thing
Probably the government is not to solve the earth or not go stepping with the party line stuff wouldn't either confirm nor deny the multi-hour comment
Yeah, but he's hoping
He recommends we play tunes
It doesn't really make much difference because we're not in ratings anyway. So you know, that's you don't really care
We're not in ratings now and we don't have any plus we got all the live spots on we got a few most of the spots that are left were trades anyway
One two three three the last six spots were trades so so when's the next book come out
Uh in a month
In January January 15 somewhere around there take every one. Be getting any money
Don't look like no bonus money for us. No, I don't get a bonus anyways
Since I get still get paid hourly looks really grim
And the thing that's bizarre is we had this great September
I mean sensational then all of us in October but I think the September was all marlin a lot of marlin's no
No, that was October I'm talking about me. I had a gigantic September after I came back from the summer thing
Yeah, you're four four pretty much sucks
No, okay
Oh shit
Actually book in this market. Uh-huh. Oh, I have no idea KAT we used to I mean KAT we were back in those days
They only had like date and brow art books were separate
So KAT had no brown audience or we were like, you know, we get like a three
12 plus I mean our audience was all over the 80 100
Hello, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I really don't care. I've given up caring at this point
Just take the money and run take the money and run what happens to me one share 95 share what that'll definitely
Plus I think I think what's going on right now is appropriate. I think it's the death of QAM
Can you smell it? I can smell it all the way up here
Put on the
For the people on the internet they're Malone. I don't even know for some
No, it's because he's awful because how about the BBC other
That's silly with that defense is enough to save him from a lengthy ban is being argued over by the football association
His club and his union just worry with what they're giving Jack go back his passport
Yeah, I know I already had that on it right at 10 o'clock
I just know you're busy at doing Doreen, but we already had that news on let's be a long distance thing
And Johnny Cochran. I wonder if from as far as you got any update on that story
I like the way he like kind of hedged his bets on that
Uh, no, it still says us mag super lawyer Johnny Cochran take over Michael Jackson case
Press conference at four charges to be filed
Did the sky never call back in now
Oh
We need another ten bucks for a 50 grand
He might not even know we're up there. Yeah, yeah
Guys probably listen to a magic
Well, I guess I can put my CDs away
Mm-hmm
Mm-hmm
By the way if anybody listening on the internet all 20 of you wonder for what we say is true about scruan. Yeah, she's a bitch smelly bitch
Yeah, I think when you look at these numbers man on the um on the stats page
You can see the day that it ended the day that's where I got canned. It was the end of QAM
We made this big jump back you saw in September
Had these gigantic
Well, I don't have to tell you how many people in the streets told me they won't listen until they bring them back
You really oh, a total of people. Yeah, really? How can we just tell me this now? Well
Well, that makes a lot of sense to me
I think it why not punish Neil because they fired for well. I had lots to do with it. That's great
You know, it's always your fault. Yeah, I want to make some teachers to say that on on November 13
He got canned on November 12th. So the last week
The last week of the let's see Monday Tuesday Wednesday would that have been right wait a minute
The 19th of the 26th to the 3rd to 10th
I
Can you do it?
three
No, it couldn't possibly because he got he got canned on November 12th right and the next day we had
Not record breaking but close to a gigantic
Respawns on our website because we had to pull about him getting fired and everything right
And then the next day also big because we were still talking about it and then after that starting with that weekend
And it started dropping and dropping and dropping and um
Dropping really bad and then like in the last week it started coming back
But boy, it's been ugly really ugly. We'll see what for Elle is
I'd give people come up to me all the time so I hate back out the bad boys
But did you hear what he said uh, you know, yeah
And you can't keep jerking the audience around
I mean we got a different guy to inform it on every freaking five minutes every time you're hearing around
We got a different one doing eight to ten. We got me on it one time on another time
We got most sticking early in the morning and you know, it's a joke
By the way, I mean obviously this is not coming off the mount with the tablets, but
I mean after a while
If you're any normal average human being you just can't take anymore feedler one step
Right, I mean, I can't do it. Well, so what does that have to do with me though? No, no, I'm just saying it
Why would that affect my audience and if that's the case? How come the afternoons are still uh?
Although they had a bad November two, but how come they've got that you know big number in there
I think a lot will hammer will always be hammer and get his numbers. Yeah
I don't know what you mean by that he had some really crappy trends several months in a row
Yeah, but as much as people out there complaining all he hung up on me
He's an asshole. I'm never gonna talk to him again and I hear that all the time
But they keep calling they keep lifting
The only the only complaint from you. I get from people out from women
Well, fuck them. Oh, excuse me. Well, if they look good. Yeah. Sorry. You people on the air you find a got one
I don't know to be honest with you. I don't think we're on the internet anymore
You what? I don't think we're on the internet anymore. Why not
Why would we be off of there?
If there's anybody listening on the internet facts to say a facts real quick because we're going away anyway soon
out soon enough
Yeah
Three to seven took off in July. I really don't know why
Um julian is when we went back to this different scheduler was mad dog in the hank so mad dog certainly helped a lot
But that seems to be the combo that's kicking ass
Let me break this in four four. Whoo. Nice job
Too bad
Tough to the
Just for that we should put on George on next week
There you go there it is the rating saver savior Georgia bring them back covering those young demos back man. We're on now
We are on yeah, we're on the internet ericis called who says oh we're on the internet. Okay
Well, that's great Eric if you only had a few diaries man you could lie and tell me live in the Hollywood
Not that we would do that
Are we sure needed we need something?
Anyway, let me just put on city pulse and I can see when I can get my ass about of the chair and leave turn the lights on in here and go with the mix on my Chinese takeout
Get some new clothes. Yeah, get some new clothes that might I think that's it
That's the poll for tomorrow. Sure wardrobe. That's it. That is the poll for tomorrow
That's one of the one of the choices on there
Uh, why let's see let me write the poll why do you think
Neal's audience
Is disappearing
A lot of good choices they're moving to Toronto you're right you're out of touch man. I'm out of touch. I'll know September
I was up here the whole month in the head each year. Let's see he's um he's out of touch
He's too liberal
Too liberal
Wait a minute he's out of touch in Toronto
He's too liberal too old
Too old he needs a new wardrobe. Yeah, that's I mean that's what I'm going to go without saying
I'm gonna haircut you need a haircut. No, I just got one not my haircut. He needs a new wardrobe
As nice as I can get new wardrobe
You get some uh Tommy Hill figure and some CK Hill figure
Right, I don't wear a pack. Oh, it's some zania bryoni can I say nia and dania
That's he has nothing. What's the peter? Uh, what's that?
Fashioned the peter Kent? Right
What about him? No, he just misses says one of the things in there
Well, how about that spot for capiccio is that oh who is that that does that spot? Is somebody from uh one of the fms?
Which spot oh, that's the most horrible spot. He must pronounce his every Italian word on there
And I just cringe through that whole spot. It just drives me nuts
Spaghetti bowl and yeats and he's trying so hard to sum so Italian. It's like a little twerp
God, I hit that spot
Is that a paid spot?
Like I said, it's a great restaurant. All you people on the internet. We had our kisses party there
Oh, that's like I said, we love them a lot because they're pretty upset with us
Not with me though. Uh, let's see. Is that a touch in Toronto? We still have released two old. He's a new wardrobe
Um, what else? Oh
The for ralthing
Hey, just to let everyone on the internet know we will have a sports update at two
This special on the internet special internet sports update were pissed
That for real got fired
Is if you know and then one for parentheses, it's the next fault
Must be
We might wait we might have something we want to have one actual air run here. Oh, yeah, we're on here right now
I just he can just after the beast said like that
Now what are you getting all emotional about? Oh
Scott called said he could hear us
Well, if Scott can hear us, we must be on air was that pack when the beast said the effort a couple of times
That's good anyway
We apologize profusely for being off the air for like a long extended period of time
But I think it's ominous. I think what it has to do with when we saw these ratings that came out is all like a death
Now it's the death of QAM as we once knew it, you know
Anyway, one good thing is though we up to 49,990 for abandoned pet rescue
and
Always needs another ten bucks. Did Scott get anymore for there is he laying back? Yeah, I don't think he
Got anymore. Well, I'm sure Scott will be more happy to put the ten bucks in to put us over 50 granted if not
We won't see him no more anyway. It's been a real treat especially the last 20 year or 25 minutes
The boom is through is coming up next
Nothing like a touch of host holding a big black gold bell. You're trying to do an update
Absolutely
