June, who's your mouse?
I'm the same thing everybody.
I think he's annoying about 10-30.
I know the letter that he gave me.
I just bummed out.
Just keep going away.
What happened?
You could have a freaking party here.
And it was gonna go...
It's a day to remember the fallen 9-11-2001 in New York City
in Washington, D.C.
and the people that died outside of Pittsburgh
were always made to be made to be 93 crashed
in the hills of suburban Pittsburgh.
And the heroes that were involved.
So we honored them today on this show.
And we hope that everybody remembers them today.
And it's also Stephanie's birthday, 34th,
happy birthday.
The best you can make of it on a daily basis.
Welcome, great-bye.
This is your birthday tomorrow.
He's a good man.
He's a great man.
Just keep going.
Don't forget to like your friend, Papa Joe Shavalli,
and birthday tomorrow.
Bye-bye.
I love to all those people.
And I'll go off and have sex later.
Sure, no problem.
So the bottom line is...
Neil, is he there already?
No, I'm not here.
Okay, don't bother me.
I'm just looking to keep going.
You're on a roll.
I said he'll mid-byte sounds good.
Do you want me to play some bets for you or anything?
What are you talking about?
About something about fist.
He stuck his fist where and clearance is...
What the hell are we talking about?
He never said there was a fist or a thing in the rectal area.
But I'm not going to look into that until later as a...
So in other words, the asshole sitting in there don't have me on the air.
I've been rambling here for like two minutes.
So you're on the air.
Just got in here.
You're on the air now.
There you go.
Yeah, I hear you.
Well, that's because who had me on the audition?
I need never have got auditioned.
You're a star.
Your punks, your punks in a control room.
They're Robert Gugler sleepers.
No, we had it right in here.
I don't know what's going on.
So who had it in Echo?
Maybe that was the hit of one.
Everybody is absolving themselves of blame.
I remember the banning time with the money back to 10 and you just rambling.
I love it. Just keep going.
What's going on? Is it there?
Three minutes past 10.
It's only 703 out there so you've got another three hours to go.
My watch is wrong.
It's five of. I need another one.
Let me ask you a question. What time is your show on 8 to 10, right?
It's on 8 to 10.
So in Vegas now it's 703.
Yeah. So you've got like almost three hours to go.
Just keep going.
Okay.
The mile is way to begging.
Marlins are 60 over.
They're 80, 165.
I ran into the MGM.
I ran to the sports market five.
I love the MGM.
It's fancy. I can't even imagine how nice my room is.
So anyway, I go to the sports market.
I play a bit on the bridge and they beat the Phillies in the first bet I placed in Vegas.
I hit.
Oh right. So I won a bunch of money and I think that the
Marlins are up again.
You get my call together, DeGenerate Gamblers. We have on the station.
You realize that nobody on QAM has ever lost a bet. You do understand that, don't you?
Oh, I lost a lot of bets like the Dolphin.
You're in the olden London because all the chronic gamblers we have on the station, which is most of our people,
is you know, gamblers only talk about the bets they cashed.
Not the Zidian ones that they lost.
All right. The first thing I do on Monday is I'm in there and talk about all the ones I eat.
Yeah.
I mean, some of my picks are so bad. Like I do a show in Atlanta.
I'm in the top.
Do I have a room service at the MGM?
Do I have I ordered it yet?
Yeah. I'm thinking about it.
Room service is awesome there. It's like going to a gourmet restaurant.
That's how good the room service is.
Well, I'm going to have to do that today on my girlfriend's birthday.
And you know, the best part of every meal I eat is I'm going to give the builder clearance.
And what does that restaurant I mentioned yesterday but it escapes my memory because I have all
the Alzheimer's today. What the hell is that?
I'm not talking about it in there.
The rest, the great gourmet restaurant down by the Imperial Palace.
What is it, George? I always forget the name of it.
I had it yesterday.
I just wanted to get rid of it.
George, get rid of it.
Rosewood Grill, you're reading in there?
I didn't get the Rosewood Grill. They got great lobster.
Go down there and mention my name. They'll laugh you out of there.
I had a restaurant at a place called Hugo Seller in the Four Queens, Down on Freedom,
which is a great state tour.
Oh, Queens, yeah.
And then the other place I'm going to take them to is in West.
What's the name of the place is the garlic realm of your head?
That place is over like the West.
You got 3, 4 C. Who else you're taking?
It's me, dear. I got so France, a good Jew with me.
Oh, Scott is with you?
That's what I talk about. I mean, Zach.
You got so good in your show for no more.
Zach, Jesus, why you take a fat cow like that out there with you?
Because he likes it, and you're 55 years old, and that.
You eat a meal or two.
Somebody who's emaciated and scrawling, if we had anybody like that working,
like Theran's would have been good.
Tomorrow's show, we're going to dedicate it entirely.
You would barely see it, but like Theran saw hide under your bed, let him watch.
He was obsessed with it. He liked to listen.
Everybody wants to have sex with me.
He doesn't have the balls to touch her, but he just would like to listen to the sound of the sound.
He did touch her at a myelin's game. He felt so up her leg.
Did he really?
Yeah, he did.
From the scroll in front of a single verse that's gotten him laid so often.
He worked and then go out with her.
He reaches right out and tries to like grab it.
So tomorrow I'm going to do gambling all day.
I'm going to bet on every college game and every program.
We've just tried that every other day.
What about you?
You said he was a tough handful to handle.
I heard that Clarence does love a handful, speaking of fisting.
Anyway, Neil, have a great day.
You too, Scott, by the way, if you want another couple hours, just keep going.
Oh, thanks.
I'll do it tomorrow, do it all six hours.
All right.
I love you.
I love you.
See.
Birthday, Troy. You're our only hope.
Are you ready for some football?
Our old Mars vote presents the Nazi football league.
Tonight, a mighty Christian area,
take on the week liberal dissenters.
And now, do I be the government with Heinrich Himmler and Russ Wimbong?
That would be the best.
The third or the last time I was in the league was the most blue.
And Bill Antolli gave me that film.
This Heinrich, my friend, is a good night for football and this glorious administration.
The identity of the House of David.
Oh, you are so right, Heinrich.
It's your part and the fun.
But the dissenters acquired some light people in the draft.
You know how well they're bred to rock.
They go east to the Mainland, get some interesting fun.
And Bill Antolli had even said that.
The dissenters hard to point onto the field.
They could tell by the reaction of his crowd.
The Mottelman.
And they can lead them to the Mainland and put it to a whole new world, definitely sweet.
It's not so not a fear of it.
And here comes the mighty Christian Arians.
The Indian Arians are both from the North.
And a perfectly dead one for Lee.
With the new rules in place, Arians will start this game.
So the people who grow to have to get in there.
Both teams are lining up.
The flag is down and.
The mighty Christian Arians wants to get March 2 victory.
The Mottelman.
Bring it in.
This portion of the Nazi football team.
It was brought to you by Citibank.
A line out of ten Saudi terrorists prefer Citibank to any other underground funding.
10-09-560 WQM Happy Thursday, too.
It's September 11th, so we have to remind you that.
No.
That wouldn't think so.
The news networks, of course, are just inundating the public with wall-to-wall, round-of-clock,
reminiscing and hand-ringing.
It's one thing to remember, but nobody's ever going to forget.
I don't think this is one of those days when we have to say,
let's remember the heroes and let's reflect back.
Do we really have to do that?
No.
Unless you do.
I think we have to.
No, I think we need a four-hour moment of silence.
Sounds good to me.
Let's start right now.
Speaking of moments of silence, this is not the way to build a railroad.
We figured out what happened.
No, but let me express this before you interrupt as usual.
I never have any idea when I'm on here, because you know,
or clearance is little boyfriends in there, they open up the pod.
Let me stop you now.
Whatever the hell they feel like it, yeah.
Please.
For help.
Please.
Didn't have his headphones on and or up.
In other words, he couldn't hear me reverberating from the walls of the MGM grand.
We sent him out.
They're not listed in my show at the MGM grand in Vegas while shame on them.
Probably a bunch of glam.
He wasn't listening to himself.
It didn't occur to him that that's the only way that he was going to be able to hear you.
He was caught up his hands.
Because everything was fine on this end.
Oh my God.
I'm looking like a shot.
That is pretty amusing.
But no, even when he's there, a lot of times I have no idea when I'm on,
because when a little hand hits the big hand, it gets to be 10 o'clock.
That's when this pod should be open.
Okay, the kind of money that they're paying me, they want to get the full four hours.
Okay, Robert, you little quizzling, you little pansy, you silly little goose, you,
who should have been fired a long time ago if they could have pictures of clearance in the beast?
God, that kid's a piece of crap.
Anyway, now what that was I just saying, oh that I never know when a hell of a mom.
That's okay.
So it was Scott's fault.
But he's a little bit wound up, you know.
I liked it though.
I had the feeling he was never going to stop.
He just was, it was good.
As only he can do.
Anyway, here's our poll result from yesterday.
I'm delighted to see that I did it very well.
I'm dangerous.
Other than George W. Bush, who is the most dangerous man in the world today.
Osama, your mom, my nut.
Osama was in about third place most of the day.
And then the announced that they had received the videotape and the audio and a whole deal there.
And I guess that inspired people to like say, oh my God.
Yeah, he's dangerous.
He's still alive.
Isn't it something all these bastards who are still alive?
Didn't somebody once say that we were going to get him better alive?
You heard that other cowboy talking all out of the baloney, you know.
I'm going to go out there and chop off the head of the snake and all this other crap.
He's still roaming around there.
He looked pretty good health to me.
And Alzo Azohari, whatever his boyfriend's name is there.
It looked like they were just in the pink of good health.
So anyway, after that tape came out, Osama moved into first place.
Out of 1142 votes, the most dangerous man in the world other than our president day is Osama with 207.
Dick Chaney, though, a very respectable second for a guy with a heart that beats once in hour, 191.
Donald Rumsfeld, who's absolutely lost at 177.
John Ashcroft, 158.
Now, we added him late and we apologize for that, but isn't it impressive the way he steadily moved up?
He goost stepped up the ladder?
Yeah.
He had those jack boots on.
Kim Jong-il, 107, which is pretty impressive too, considering about 80% of the audience hasn't got any ID who that is.
Moe Howard David did 74.
He didn't do too bad.
Absolutely.
The Pope 67, yours truly, Neil Rogers 46.
I'm proud to be that dangerous.
Even more dangerous than Fat Ariel Ciron, only 36.
Rush Limbaugh 33.
Small potatoes now, I guess.
Especially now that he's, uh, hockin' with a pigskin.
Jerry Falwell only 18.
Paul Wolfowitz 14.
Pat Robertson 12.
And Richard Pearl only two.
Guess what, folks?
That's, that was your mistake.
Richard Pearl should have been way up on the list.
Yeah.
But they don't know who that is.
On top of Dick.
He should have been ahead of Dick, yeah.
So anyways, already 12 past 10.
And we're just, uh, poor, I like those, for all those long, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, like that.
It's great. Now some of our audience, we got about a few people with no sense of humor.
About third man.
And they don't like that because they hate him.
But of course in South Florida, everybody hates everybody anyway.
You can't, you can't have anyone.
Even Britney Spears, there are probably some people that hate Britney, you know?
Yeah.
Couple of fags.
How could you hate Britney?
I don't know.
Well, maybe just for revenge on the fact that she allegedly was doing Justin Tinkerbell,
I'd, I'd guarantee she never touched it.
Never saw it.
Okay.
Huh?
I'm talking about his vagina.
He certainly doesn't have a penis.
Yeah, yeah, sure.
So you really believe Justin Tinkerbell has a penis?
No.
Oh, come on.
Yeah.
Why do you think they call him Tinkerbell?
Remember the summer of 42 went ahead to tie the bells around their privates?
No.
You never saw, and not the summer of 42, the class of 44 was the sequel with Gary Grimes?
No.
Well, what do you know?
You never saw that movie?
Does that the fraternity one with the guy died?
1013 at 560 WQA.
And hey, guys, if you spent the entire year last year avoiding mirrors like Bella Legosi,
because you're sick and tired of seeing a giant bald spot.
Well, here's the deal for you.
If you're constantly looking back for the baseball cap to cover up that ugly glaring shiny spot on your head,
time to call my good buddy Charles Alfieri for a lifetime.
He's been putting out the best hair in the business using the very latest technology.
It's called the natural hairline system.
And it looks like real hair.
That's the difference.
It doesn't look like a dead weasel on your head.
It doesn't look like somebody drilled holes in your head with a blood dripping on your forehead.
You don't have to take any dangerous pills that'll really propish you off.
For over 25 years, Charlie's been working with a famous and not so famous.
Everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee to see, I've never lose, but that big ugly bald spot.
In fact, the 30 days you don't love the way it looks and feels.
If you're not getting ahead, 24 hours a day.
If couples aren't stopping in the middle of the street, just dragging you home.
Charlie, give you a full refund.
Call today and take advantage of your $200 Neo-Rodger discount.
Charlie also services and repairs all types of hair systems, while you wait for 2025 to 30 bucks.
Here's the toll free number to call 1-800-321-2413.
After you wear the natural hairline system for a month or two, you'll be amazed at how your fingers smell.
Call 1-800-321-2413 or log into that prestigious website, CharlesAlphere.com.
Live and local.
We are Sports Radio 560s, UAM.
New York.
Hey dudes, hey man, you have a haircut that's short on the top and long on the back.
Well you know a mallet.
Let's all take care of it properly with Mullet Shampoo.
Mullet Shampoo.
We're all hell yeah.
Mullet Shampoo adds body to the spiky part on the top and a lustrous sheen to the flowing locks in the back.
Business in the front or in the back.
Dude you bitch, and Mullet Shampoo is perfect for all kinds of Mullets.
Like the achy breaking band, the staking, the lever paddle, the comaril cut, hockey hair, the neck warmer, the soccer rocker, and the all fired Kentucky waterfall.
Not to mention the Tennessee top-ass.
Oh but dude, will Mullet Shampoo work on my eighth thread?
No problem, oh, shorty long back.
But don't take my word for it.
Listen to Mullet Shampoo, some celebrity endorsement.
Howdy.
I'm Billy Ray Cyrus.
My escoral pal made me the number one country star between the months of March and June of 1992.
And it's all because of Mullet Shampoo.
No, I'm Billy.
Yeah.
So hop in your I-Rot T28.
Pull the whole shot, sir.
Hope we're done store for a final of Mullet Shampoo.
Mullet Shampoo.
Just because your haircut is 20 years old doesn't mean your shampoo has to be.
Just saw a preview for a temptation island all I can say is holy crap.
Wow.
Yeah.
Got push-and-goody.
Okay, here's our poll for today.
Now we do this every year after the summer.
Now we've had a couple of weeks of the audience is, you know, it's fallen out, fallen back in.
They're falling, they're, they're boot stepping along.
And we do it every year to see how Georgia's coming along under my tutelage.
He's gone from horrendous grotesque, embarrassing, and humiliating, and bush league, and mumbling to be awkward.
To what, I know, I voted for, what's leading right now.
Look at that.
I voted for that and probably so did you.
No, I voted for Okales.
Well, then I'm looking at that then.
I've got five categories here.
How did George do filling in this summer?
Here are your choices.
Great job.
Best ever.
Fabulous.
Time for Neo to retire.
Okay, I listened.
Week, I really listened or awful.
I stopped listening.
Now just, just went up there.
We only got seven votes because then needless to say, we like catching them off guard.
Plus we didn't realize there.
Look at that already.
Uh-oh.
I said, well, we'll see how it shakes out.
But that's a good sign.
Three say, time for Neo to retire.
So if that wins, what I'm going to do, because I can't afford to retire yet, but I'm going to do like semi-retirement.
Okay.
And, no, seriously, I'll take your role.
I'll be like the, I don't want to say the passive.
It has like sexual connotation.
I'll be like, you know what I mean?
You'll be the silent partner.
I'll be the silent partner.
And you'll basically do the show and you'll take the, well, I'll punch up the call, but then you'll talk to him.
Okay.
And I'll hit the drops.
And I'll hit like that.
You know, well, I'm going to try to do as much with the kind of money they're paying me.
I want to do a little bit of something, you know.
All right.
By the way, I found an article.
I got lots of articles.
I'm going to read some stuff today, which I know they get upset about.
Well, in the honor of 9-11, we can do something and like maybe educate people a little bit.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, I mean, I said a little bit.
All right.
But I was looking for this the other day.
Remember, I was asking you because I saw Blurban City Pulse here and I couldn't find the article.
Here it is from the Guardian today.
The British newspaper.
Actually, it's from Tuesday, September 9th.
So I must have found it on one of our, one of our websites.
Academic says al-Qaeda stronger than pre-9-11.
Okay.
Don't let me forget that.
Also, somebody that I thank good, you know.
All right.
By the way, I found an article.
I got lots of articles.
I'm going to read some stuff today, which I know they get upset about.
Well, in the honor of 9-11, we can do something and like maybe educate people a little bit.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, I mean, I said a little bit.
All right.
But I was looking for this the other day.
Remember, I was asking you because I saw Blurban City Pulse here and I couldn't find the article.
Here it is from the Guardian today.
The British newspaper.
Checkmarks there, Scott.
I don't understand what happened to my phone.
I see Chuck Martin.
Please don't turn it.
He's working here.
Everything works.
No, here it's not.
All the checkmarks just went out.
You just, the monitor did a little blurb like you were saying.
Oh, okay.
This relaxes you to a plate.
Everything came back.
Just come back.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Leo.
Yes, sir.
What's up, buddy?
How are you doing, pal?
I love calling when you got something going on about George.
Hallelujah, pal.
Yes.
Yeah.
He's the absolute worst.
You should have a category on there, unlistenable.
Yeah.
What we do?
We do have.
It's an awful, I stop listening.
Oh, okay.
Well, that's good.
But I mean, I'll be, you know, I'll wake up or I'm going to work on.
Oh, Neal's on.
I turn it on and as soon as I hear that, that, that...
That's mumbling blur.
He looks like he looks like Yoda is what he looks like if you ever see now. He's real. He's like 311
Yeah, but please keep him off the air put on I don't know
Jesus
In fact, you must be you must be a pressure because Jesus will be filling in next up about wicked studs
What about Rick and Suds they want to get paid how bad Carlos?
Have a great day pal
He was good. I like him. He's enthusiastic. He hates you like poison and how come that didn't drop out? Uh-oh
Assistant produces currently not connected to a server so now I got out this hasn't happened a long time, right? I think it's sabotage
Let me click that should I click this off and go back to it again whistle a tune do something
Do something doing something
One more place
Okay came back now I see the clock and
Now the check marks came back and the clock is staring to tick but the names of the cities are not next to the I see four check marks
Is that correct? That's correct, but I don't see well, let me try line four, but it doesn't say my am here
Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. I got a defend George on this one here take all the time you want
All right, well, you know
First of all, what else is there on the radio to listen to the side of the board? You want to speak and talk to your Lord?
Nobody wants to listen to the block war the other thing is
Let's say I'm a right wing piece of crap rush limbaugh
Nobody can replace you Neil your God. We all know that but the next best
No, I'm not stupid please not amount 11 anniversary. Anyway George is a self-hating stick
I I hate when he knocked himself down at the point. Please. Okay. He's got it going on pretty much
not nobody's perfect right so why I like am I listening to him whenever I can
nobody replaces you but he's alright he's okay he's okay okay well said
pali have a great day and Miguel says that's a morning show chronic
the plantation what's that oh wait what do you stop what I'm reporting stop
knocking to people just because they're ripping you and ask of course he's
a chronic we know that every time your name comes up he calls and riffs you
and ask what no I'm just gonna never get what I talked about how George
takes these things personal let me ask you something you can pay it any more or
less and believe me mostly less in your case you could pay any more or less
depending on what these are not on the phone entirely you keep on it still says
it's not connected to a server during the break I'm gonna have to like
diddle with that yeah this is a driving me nuts put close the whole program
and reopen it no from the break no no what do you mean close the whole
program I already did that there's a social producer I took it again the clock is
working nicely I got three check marks on it but I don't have the you have the
cities kept it out here I do and other clock is like a set huh reset what Miguel
he's gonna be on your end
right brighthead
that
I'll make you don't even know why
They blocked investigation and information's better but
They got your sword and you find a him blind
And so many more will die from his deceit and lies
Who's calling the shot and really running the place
Why is it so many already up?
Bush stinks, Bush stinks, Bush stinks, Bush stinks
They have to be you, Bush stinks, Bush stinks
They have to be you, Bush stinks, Bush stinks
He wants us to admit he'd not be me yet
Who's once in a hole? Bush stinks, Bush stinks, Bush stinks
They have to be you, Bush stinks, Bush stinks
They have to be you, Bush stinks, Bush stinks
They have to be you, Bush stinks, Bush stinks, Bush stinks
Bush stinks, be sure watch your hands frequently guys and girls
with anti-bacteriological soaps and liquids and detergents
20,040 we had for the best of meal up stuff on that through Sunday
And here it is like Thursday and we still had only 20,040
20. This has got to be the worst, the most inept fundraiser I've ever been involved
with in my life. I mean we're now like into the period we're almost coming up to an end
of a full month. Yeah and it's a pretty lame. Great nothing happening. Now I do see we
have a van hit tomorrow at the Yershall station Sheridan Street just west of I-95. It has
no time again. See this is this is a problem. Is there we're trying to like do this in a vacuum
and it's not working out all that great. So you'll have the best of the merchandise there
at the Shell Station on Sheridan Street just west of I-95 which I'm sure it probably has
like a name the place where it is you know. Is that the one by where we used to be?
Okay. By where Paxen used to be? I reckon by the Cox building there on Sheridan Street just
for nobody. Are we do we have a communication problem here Houston? I think what we have is a
is that far too. That's the kind of relay information as we're talking. I love it one.
Yes that's the the Shell Station you're talking about and 111 is the time. 11 to 1? Yes. 11 a.m.
to 1 p.m. tomorrow. Okay. Because we need to give this thing rolling for a band and pet rescue
because it is really really lame. You got your Mohar David Keechane. Absolutely. All the other good
cramped that we got. Best of the Eel CDs. We didn't even put one out last year. So we got two
years worth and not everybody can make making copies. Look at that. I got that thing working again.
Oh. The internet was down. It was on your end. Right. The internet wasn't down here. It was on your
end. Right. In the bus we want to tell you. I know why because even on that computer I clicked
onto the internet explorer and it came up like instantaneously like faster than you could take a
cramp. How do you like that? But it's as usual we have technical problems on your end in some
photo. It's so sad. It's so very very sad. What do you mean the internet was down in the building?
No way. No way. You know. So in other words my studio here's like a stepchild of the kind of
cheap crap you got down there. That's the problem. Because my internet here never goes out and
it's lightning fast. It's so quick. Look at that. It's just a George Corso's an asshole. It just
printed it out automatic. Automatic pilot. 129 votes. Man, they're whipped up about you.
See one thing about George even as much as he mumbles and is low key and is boring as some people
that is the fact that the matter is he engenders a phenomenal response. There are a few people who
have no opinion about George Rodriguez. Let me tell you that right now. They either love him
or they hate him. They either love him like crazy and they have like some special thing with his
eating ass routine or they just hate him and find him obnoxious and humanly unacceptable on a
visceral level. Don't you love saying that on a visceral level? That's a good word. I love that
word. Anyway, here's what we got so far on our poll on George's performance. We got 140 votes
in less than half an hour. You follow me? How did George do filling in the summer? Okay, I
listen 42. Say, no, let's not care. Okay. So they say why did Joseph Yankee?
Awful. I stopped listening 35. Week. I rarely listen 33. Great job. Best ever 23. Fabulous. Time for
time. We started out with four like in a very one of them was mine because I would like to be
Terry if I could get paid for it. Don't you think I've earned it? I've paid my dues? Sure.
I mean, with a kind of Paul NC, I don't see a name on line six. Now probably a good reason.
Here's line six. Q. I. M.
Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, good morning. How are you doing?
Good. Listen, I think he's doing an okay job. I guess you would have to check with your ratings
if you see how they are, but he's doing great. Joseph, I want to touch base.
I can really hear the call, Scott. I think it's you if that pod is probably
where Jared smoked it. Hey, Neil. Yeah. Yeah, you know that tape that Osama came out with or
allegedly or what? Right. Well, what do you mean allegedly? Didn't you see it? Yeah, but
I think is it really him? I mean, you don't know. I mean, he's got body. We don't know what we
don't know when it was made. They're saying they think it was made in April. I have no idea how
they know that. Okay. They said he was even pacidic he candy or something. So they think it was in
April. Well, one thing, you know, it's really scary what they're saying is that, you know, because it came
out during, you know, September 11th today, yesterday came out. Right. And they keep on saying with,
you know, what Osama keeps saying with, you know, we keep backing Israel or whatever, but we back all
sorts of countries. What's the difference to we back? I mean, you know, do you understand what I'm saying?
Bobby, you can't rationalize the crap. Well, that does make a difference as far as the
billions of dollars and other 87 billion just asked to get now to fight a fan to try to put the
mess back together that we created in Iraq, which has nothing to do with any of this. This is,
this is one of the most frustrating parts of this whole 9-11 anniversary to me is that here we are
and everybody's, you know, bowing their heads and doing the obligatory reading the names of the dead
again. But in the meantime, the billions of dollars we should be spending to nail bin Laden and all
of these lunatics who are left and get rid of al-Qaeda once and for all, we're not doing that. What
we're doing is we're wasting the money in Iraq so that they can have their pipeline get
hold of their hands on the oil and do the rebuilding job with our friends at Bechtel and Haliburton.
It's criminal. Exactly. I agree with you and that's what they were saying yesterday on the
youth, but they had to retain that, you know, all these millions of dollars are going in Iraq and
they'll go after Osama. They're not even doing it anymore. So not only are we destroying our economy,
but we're making the country weaker and more dangerous for the American people. It's an
insult to the memory of the people who died on 9-11. It's a slap in the face. Yes, sir. Okay, thank
you. Have a great day. Have a great day. Yeah, don't let me forget when we come back, al-Qaeda
stronger than pre-9-11. I knew I saw this story on CityPulse a couple of days ago. I couldn't find
it printed out and here it is in the British newspaper, of course, the Guardian Unlimited in the
Brit paper. So if you want the real news, forget about CNN, which stands for Certainly Not News
or MSNBC, which stands for, hey, how can we away the flag and be more right-wing than Fox?
I forget about it. You're not going to get it on the American. We're sorry you're going to get
this problem as they continue waving to pom-poms and just to give him propaganda. In other words,
a bunch of bullcrap. My life and laws. This is for trade-off by City.
You way, you way.
Yes. The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to domative
people killed with the gas that we sold in.
Warmer's time, a crescent nation and the only one that's going. Now more blood will be spilled
to get that oil going. Forget about Korea and the notes there tell to Namba,
right-wing is drilling it over and over and to our head. That iraq has some weapons of
mass destruction.
3000 people killed. I now forgot let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be counted. Going after September 2.
Plankato Sama. There's no longer mention of the name in Laden but no one seems concerned all.
Come be in complacence. Believe in every word of this cartel of
administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation and the right-wing is
drilling it over and over and to our head. That iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now.
Not the ash drop this sand. I have nothing to hide.
Tables, partners, all are sand. Lino-pedian cattle don't have any reservation.
Out of provoked fatiless. World annihilation. Old regime must fall in
hell and burden and stout with no objection at all.
Till the crack don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our
parade was passed. I rack has some weapons of mass destruction.
Only I rack has some weapons of mass destruction.
Probably the greatest sanctuity in the history of the human race. That should be played from
loud features all over America today. Real, real loud. Don't you think without a dude?
Without a dude? By the way, you know that cell station where Miguel is going to be tomorrow
between 11 and 1 in Hollywood. It's kind of like Moe. Here's an easy way to remember where it is.
It's like Moe. It's over the hill. Right? Very good. Right? Sure enough. I thought that was
kind of cute. Absolutely. Look at like Moe. It's over the hill. Because when you like going
along on Sheridan Air, when you're heading west, east, I mean east, right? And there's like
a little incline and I hope you're inclined to stop there and buy a bunch of merchandise.
If we don't get $2,000 there tomorrow, I know it's only two hours 11 and one. But if we don't raise
two grand for Best of Neal and abandoned Pevrescu, I'm going to be parked off. And when I get parked
off, I get dangerous. It's big and dangerous. Yeah. How come how come I? Oh, I see.
I just have that sitting here. Well, just in case. The Marlins are 16 games over 500. We got to talk
sports. Okay. Here's a real shocker for you before I get into that other story. A Kennedy is
finally found a Republican to vote for. What a surprise. Kanoel. President John F. Kennedy's sister,
you, you and his Kennedy Schraver came out yesterday to back her son-in-law Arnold Schwarzenegger
as California governor, even though we're famous Democratic family as long battled Republicans.
Schraver, of course, is the mother of Maria Schraver. In other words, she's his goddamn mother-in-law.
This is a story in Washington Post. You people ought to be ashamed of yourselves. Okay. This is a
new story that his mother-in-law came out in favor of while hallelujah. Oh, happy day is the
Edmund Hawkins singers would say. Isn't that pathetic? That's the right. In the Washington post,
which is supposed to be a real newspaper. Anyway, the Guardian unlimited, which is a real UK newspaper.
UK. Okay. Says the Al-Qaeda terrorist network is stronger than before the 9-11 attacks in the
Westled War on terror has so far been a failure. A British academic concludes in the study published
Tuesday. Paul Rogers, no relation to Professor of Peace Studies at the University of
Bedford in England, said the U.S.-led coalition's military successes in Afghanistan and Iraq have
failed to crush Al-Qaeda's structure or stem its recruitment. Al-Qaeda and its associates have
managed to plan and often undertake irremarkable ranger activities with these collectively showing
a capability that exceeds the existing, though that existing before the 9-11 attacks Rogers wrote.
On this basis alone, it's difficult to accept any claim that the war on terror is being won.
But other terrorism experts said the U.S. Senate's allies had scored significant victories against
Al-Qaeda. They cautioned however that the chaos of Port-Ware-Rak represented the setback.
Rogers report was compiled for the Oxford Research Group of Fingtang specializing in arms
control and non-proliferation issues. In his report, he said that while U.S.-led anti-terrorism efforts
had succeeded in preventing some terrorist plots, Al-Qaeda linked a tax of killed more than
350 people injured almost a thousand in two years since 9-11. The attacks include the October
12,000 to bombings on the Indonesian island of Valley that killed more than 200. Car bombings
are residential compounds in the Saudi capital of Riyadh that killed 26 in May and the August 5th
Car bombing in the Marriott Hotel in Jakarta in Indonesia, which 12 people died. They're stronger
today than they were before 9-11, but we're winning the war on terror is what a president is telling
and by the way, look at me, another 87 billion because we're in a quagmire in Iraq.
The American public should be foaming at them out, but instead they're spending today listening
to a bunch of kids, reading the names of the dead people who died for absolutely no reason on 9-11
two years ago today, for no reason. Total absolute ineptitude and incompetence all the way around.
And all every dime of this money could be spent for Homeland Security, for real security,
for really battling Elkite, for really going after Osama Yomama and Mullah Bula Omar and El Zawari
and all these other far-bison Muslims. Yeah. And let me say it again, I'm really concerned a little
bit about how the all the air traffic stopped but within the day or two after 9-11, here was the whole
and not just the immediate family, but it was like a 40-some odd and they were odd of the bin Laden
kin on a plane over to Saudi back to Saudi Arabia. That's where the Chigra and the Woodpile is,
forget about Iraq. That's where we should have been heavy duty. In fact, we know something we
should be in Saudi Arabia, we should be in Riyadh right now, we should be running the country,
we should have occupation in Saudi Arabia and send those Shmataids back to the where the hell they
came from. What were they doing? Were they picking cotton or were they just cotton picking
the Saudis? They're helping candles. Is that what they were doing? Sure. As long as I'm on a
rule, I've got a lot of heavy duty stuff here today. Let the audience be all whipped up about George.
They are whipped up on a website. Now I'll tell you, you in gender response that is so amazing.
How did George do filling in this summer? Look at this, it's not even 11 o'clock yet and we put
the pull up about 20 after. In a little over half an hour, we got 215 votes already. Is that we may
set records today on our website, which I hope when you go to our website, you'll click on a band
and pay rescue and get the best meal stuff and put dick in a round. If we don't raise 100 grand
this year, I'm going to be really porked off. Then they will fear me. You think I'm danger? I was
dangerous yesterday and I pull away until after then and you'll see dangerous.
How did George do filling in this summer? Okay, I listened to 73. Okay, not great, but okay,
that's not bad. We accept that. We take it as long as you listen. As long as you listen to
and you wrote it down. You know what I'm saying? I'm sure I'll have to buy those FM stations.
Write it down. You know, like a subtle hint. Like when you get your Arbor Tron diaries, be sure and
write it down. Don't forget us. And so we say, don't forget us. Offal, I stopped listening 50.
Week, I really listen 47. Great job. Best ever 38. And fabulous. Time for Neil to retire.
Out of 215. So let's see. Let's add the good ones is 73 and 38 and 7. 45 and 73 is 118. And the
other negative is 97. How do you like that? You got a slight lead there. Wow. In a current
plantations probably like doing cartwheels up his ass. He's so pissed off and part of a boom.
Seriously, he's probably inserting all kinds of rectangular objects into his body. I'll be visiting
his workplace. Well, you've got to see. You've got a few of those guys. It's just the hate you
like poison. I've got many of them. I've got oh boy, sure. Look at that poll yesterday. Right.
Thank you. Out the Rush Limbaugh and Ariel Sharon is being the most dangerous piece of crap
bag in the face of the globe. You're an evil doer. That case after the overthrow of President
Salvador Ayende and the imprisonment of thousands in Chile, Professor his journalist and
activist around the world continue to expose the full role of the then US government and funding
and promoting the coup. Just like we installed Sodom in there, we helped to stick his ass in
there. Back when it was expedient for us and helped prop him up against the Iranians against the
I. African tola. And of course, the reason the I. Tola got an urge because we had stuck the
shot of Iran in there and then see we just keep doing this all over the world. And then we have
to pay a wicked price for it. Thousands of secret US documents now declassified have been
synthesized in a book the Pinochet file. How do you say that actually and be careful
are you said Pinochet? Now, but actually they always say Pinochet, which I don't know because I
know that's not how you would say it in this fun. You'll. But anyway, the Pinochet file by Peter
Cornblu of Washington's investigative national security archives. You know him? No. You do now.
The documents detailed the crude workings of Washington during the Cold War. It is firm and
continuing policy that Ayende be overthrown by a coup reads a CIA document from 1970. It is
imperative that these actions be implemented kind bestently and securely so that the US
government and American hands be well hidden. Two days after this document was written,
top CIA officials proposed a terrorist campaign to stun the Chilean people that were accepting a
military regime. Concord giving Turk gas canisters and gas masks, working on obtaining machine guns
reads the CIA memo. Conservative Chileans argue that a coup was a hungroere affair, but anybody with
a brain in IQ larger than their penis realizes that's laughable at best. Don't let me forget,
we'll be come back after the break or at least sometime very soon. I want to read this Robert
Fisk article 20 or 30 times. Don't forget, especially on the anniversary of 9-11, how freaking
important it is. Not that I'm going to change the world. I'm not turning into like a male Randy
Rhodes. Even though her heart's in the right place and has good intentions, think I'm going to
change anything on some little horse ball sports station in Miami. And it's going to happen.
But the Robert Fiskian, did we ever figure out how we're going to get that on our website?
No, I'd searched and couldn't find a free copy of it. Now I couldn't either because I
checked Buzz Flash and Smirking Chimp and all of these things. Oh, maybe we can get it from
precious on passions today. When it up, we'll check her out.
Come on baby, come play with these titties. One minute you're in the club and everything's fine.
Then it strikes.
The silent dance floor killer CRD Caucasian rhythm disorder. We've all seen someone displaying
the classic symptoms, the flailing arms, the face-to-skin, and ability to find the beat.
Millions suffer with the shame and embarrassment of CRD. But we know Caucasian rhythm disorder
can be cured. You can help keep the beat alive. Call the center for rhythm disorders today and
make your tax deductible donation. That's 1976 offbeat. Please, though carefully, send a
buck to save the beat. Call the beauty of the universe day. And to make him stop that.
111 at 560 WQIM. Now here it is the second anniversary of 9-11. We're talking about the great job
or the horrible job George did this summer. We were listening to any of your observations. I'm
sitting here ranting and raving and there's one call on the board and it says, my me chronic me
things is a Scott probably one of those retire or one of those or maybe it's the whisper of the
breathing heavy breather you know let's find out. Well let's find out online six. Here's my Emmy. Hello.
Hello. Yes sir. Don't be tired. Yeah. Whatever happens. Okay. You're eight men. I'm it. Yeah.
You have two letters on. 567 open. Why? Maybe not the first two letters. It already said I'm
it but I know he meant something else. I'm sure. Well he was good and you see you thought he
was a bad call. He was just want to call lick my cheeks a couple of times. What's wrong with that
Scott? All right go answer one three then. Miss Mr. Hockey expert. I'll take the calls. You just
relax. You're hopeless. Study. Get your hockey handbook out and start doing a little studying. Okay.
Tell me about Portia Selming. Okay. Borgia Selming. Oh please. We should have taken that little
trivia challenge this morning. I beg your pardon? Yeah you should have taped that. That was really good.
Joe Bowen. Yeah. Yeah. Joe Bowen. He's going to be in gold this year. He's telling me about Kujo is
playing gold for the Leafs. Oh brother. I'll see you answer the phone. Why did you do that? He didn't take
you seriously. What a schmuck. You got a ton of things two or three times. I see. You're an idiot.
You're an idiot. You're an idiot. You're an idiot. Okay. Let me read this article and let's get
serious. These people got nothing to say. Remember going to change is it? There it is. By the way
you were wrong on Tuesday. You people have voted. Nothing was going to happen on the anniversary
night. Look at all this stuff. It's happened already. Right. You got to assimilate. Here's a kid playing
a violin. Gohan is sproking. Serranya Schwindwag. Fitzroy. Yeah. All of this ritual and all of this
song in advance. This is not getting the job done. This is not how you honor the memories of the
people who died. We ought to be taking care of business. And I got to story about how ABC once again.
Once again showed that the the borders are a joke. For the second year in the row,
US government screeners failed to detect the shipment of depleted uranium in a container
said by ABC news from overseas as part of a test of security and American ports. You can't
complain about the security at the airports and the ports because generally speaking, there isn't
any way. Then we got the air cargo. They sparse it at the hit himself and a goddamn box in a crate.
Or there's so many lines you could use for that. You know. Oh brother. Hey, maybe you wanted to go
home and pick cotton. I don't know. That's the way we brought the black people over back when it
was expedient. Oh, I sure wish I had that thing from you got it there. I'm not going to play it
from bowling for Columbine. You know that cartoon thing that brief history of America. We do. Oh,
it's on a cassette. It's on a cassette that's in the thing right there. But we don't need to do it.
I'll load it up at some point. You will probably queue up right now. It's probably screwed up.
Anyway, Robert Fisk writes in the UK independent. Folly taken to a scale we haven't seen since World
War II. When the attacks were launched against the World Trade Center in the Pentagon two years ago,
whoever heard of Fallujah or Hila, when the Lebanese hijacker, Flouist plane into the
grounded Pennsylvania, who would have ever believed that President George Bush would be announcing a
new frontline in the war on terror as his troops embarked on a hopeless campaign against the
guerrillas of Iraq? Who could have ever conceived of an American president calling the world to
arms against terrorism in Afghanistan, Iraq and Gaza? Gaza? What are the miserable crushed
cruelly imprisoned Palestinians of Gaza have to do with the international crimes against humanity in
New York, Washington and Pennsylvania? Nothing, of course. Neither does Iraq have anything to do with
the 11th of September, nor were there any weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, any al-Qaeda links with
Iraq, any forty-five minute timeline for the deployment of chemical weapons, nor was there any liberation?
No, the attacks on 11 September have nothing to do with Iraq. Neither did 11 September change the
world. President Bush cruelly manipulated the grief of the American people and the sympathy of
the rest of the world to introduce a world order dreamed up by a clutch of fantastic, how do you say
that? Phantasists advising the Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld. Phantasists. The Iraqi regime
changes, we now know, is planned as part of a Pearl Wolfowitz campaign document to the would-be
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu years before Bush came to power. It beggars believe that
Tony Blair should have signed up to this nonsense without realizing that it was no more or
or less than a project invented by a group of pro-Israeli American neo-conservatives and right-wing
Christian fundamentalists. But even now, we're fed more fantasy. Afghanistan, it's American-paid
warlords, raping and murdering their enemies. It's women still shrouded for the most part of their
bookers. It's opium production now back as the world's number one export market, and it's people
being killed up to a hundred a week. Five American troops were shot dead two weekends ago. Is a
success? Something which mentioned Bush and Rumsfeld still boast about. Iraq, a midden of guerrilla
hatred and popular resentment is also a success. Yes, Bush wants 87 billion to keep Iraq running. He
wants to go back to the same UNI condemn as a talking shop last year. He wants scores of foreign
armies to go to Iraq to share the burdens of occupation, though not, of course, the decision-making,
which must remain Washington's exclusive imperial preserve. What's more, the world is supposed to
accept the insane notion that the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, the planet's last colonial war,
although all mentioned of the illegal Jewish colonies in the West Bank and Gaza have been
erased from the Middle East narrative in the American press, is part of the war on terror.
The cosmic clash of religious will at present, Bush invented after 911. Could Israel's interests
be better served by so infantile gesture from Bush? The vicious Palestinian suicide bombers
in the grotesque implementation of Jews and implantation of Jews and Jews only in the colonies
has now been said in this colossal struggle of good against evil, in which even Ariel Sharon
named this personally responsible to the 1982 sovereign Shantilla massacre by Israel's own
commissioner of inquiry, is a man of peace according to Mr. Bush. A new president's are set without
discussion. Washington kills the leadership of its enemies with impunity. It tries to kill
Osama bin Laden and Mullah Omar and does kill Uday and Kusay Hussain in both of its prowess,
in liquidating the al-Qaeda leadership from rocket firing drones. It tries to kill Sodom and
Baghdad and slaughter 16 civilians and admits that the operation was not risk-free. In Afghanistan,
three men have now been murdered in the Western Terrogation Center at Bagram. We still don't know
what really goes on in Guad-Tanamo. What do these presidents mean? I have a dark suspicion.
From now on, our leaders, our politicians, our statesmen will be fair game too. If we go for the
jugular, why shouldn't they? The killing of the UN Sergei Overea del Mello was not, I think, a chance
murder. Hamas's most recent statement and since they've been added to the Bush circus of evil,
we should take them seriously, are now more than ever personally threatening Mr. Sharon.
Why should we expect any other leader to be safe? If Yasser Arafat is driven into Wazal yet again,
will there be any restraints left? Of course, America's enemies were a grizzly bunch. Sodom saw
this country with the mass graves of the innocents. Mullah Omar allowed his misogynist legions to
terrify an entire society in Afghanistan, but in their absence, we've created banditry, rape,
kidnapping, guerrilla war and anarchy, at all in the name of the dead of 9-11. The future of the
Middle East, which is what 9-11 was partly about, though we're not allowed to say so, has never
looked bleaker and more bloody. The US and Britain are trapped in a war of their own making,
responsible for their own appalling predicament, but responsible to fertilize of thousands of
innocent human beings, cut to pieces by American bombs in Afghanistan and Iraq, shot down in the streets
of Iraq by trigger-happy GI's. As for terror, our enemies are closing in on our armies in Iraq and
are supposed to allies embag that in Afghanistan, even in Pakistan. We've done all of this in the name
of the dead of 9-11, not since the Second World War have we seen folly on this scale, and it is
scarcely begun. Robert Fiskin today is UK Independent. I sure wish we had a way to get that on
our website, but we can't find the other way. I'm sure there will be a way, maybe just not right now.
Where there's a will, there's a way, right? And our courage in a way? I mean, I'm going to maybe
read that again later on. I have to. It's just that. It's good. Too damn good, and probably I'll do a
better reading. And look at that. Look at the phone. Yeah, there's not one call on the board.
Screenless, no less. Screenless we're doing, no less, not one call on the board.
Why don't we bring C-SPAN in to hear the reflections of the public?
Maybe they're observing a moment of silence. Is that what it is? A Euro silence in South Florida?
A lifetime of silence? A lifetime of indifference? How did George do filling in this summer?
We're not even as emotional as they are on a pool, and much less than now we got over 300 votes.
Boy, you get him whipped up, man.
1024 votes. How did George do? Okay, I listened. 96. Offal, I stopped listening.
Week, I rarely listen 69. Great job. Best ever. 57. Fabulous time for Neil to retire.
Eight. That's what we got so far. I don't know. We're 300 votes. You got him whipped up, man.
WQAM. Hello? Yes, sir. I felt George did a good job, Neil. I was listening to him over
the weekend, and he actually tried to do a radio show over the weekend. Yeah, he'd get a Saturday show.
He was playing music. He thought he was an arch-boy. He was a DJ.
Oh, this is Reverend Jones. WQAM. Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good. Listen, Neil, you're a little too smart to believe some of those things you read.
I know you agree with a lot of what that guy just said that's that story you just read.
What part of it don't I believe? Well, not don't believe, but you know, he's the guy sitting in
ivory tower just writing about, you know, I just, it's part of what he did, what I just read is incorrect.
Oh, that was just said as much as trigger happy GI just blown people away for the good of it.
Did that happen to Vietnam? You damn right. It did. And a lot of people shouldn't have happened.
Listen, we're there and it's terrible. And I 9, 11. Well, let me ask you this. Why are we?
Why are we there? Why are we in here? Sir, sir, why are we in Vietnam and why are we in Iraq?
Well, we dropped up that that's goofball administration in Vietnam. We shouldn't have done that.
But that's why we prop up a goofball administration in Iraq.
No, listen, it just happened, Neil. We just, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Why can't I have a conversation with people like you? Didn't we prop up a goofball administration?
If that's the word you want to use and saw them who say in Iraq?
Yes, we did. Didn't we sell him chemical weapons and then we were, and then say nothing about it
when he was gassing the curves? Then we do that. Well, well, there's a certain thing that didn't need
to happen. I understand the world more complicated than you try to make it out to be.
You know, it's like Michael Moore. You like that guy, right? You want him for president?
I saw bowling for Colin Bein. It was very good. I understand.
I mean, we shouldn't have finished. We did. Let me ask you this, sir. Who do you think has got a
better grasp? Who's got a better intellect and a better grasp on the realities of life in the
world today? Michael Moore or George W. Bush? Probably Michael Moore in his sense. But I don't
Okay, thank you. In his sense. In his sense. I mean, you know, this guy's just getting all
emotionally not saying anything, not saying anything. Well, you know, we didn't Vietnam. Yeah,
we butchered people in Vietnam thousands and thousands and thousands. We brought 50,
thousand American kids home and body bags. We're bringing kids home and body bags right now.
Not in those numbers yet. Air every single day. Not to mention, of course, the fallout.
We had this story on our website yesterday about the quality of the air in New York. Right.
On the former site of the World Trade Center and the crap that the people breed
in then and what they're still breathing in now. And you can imagine about the quality of the
air in Baghdad and other parts of Iraq. We're not just talking about what's happening right now.
You know, Agent Orange didn't want to kill people in a couple of weeks. It's the cumulative
effect of these things. But this administration doesn't care about any of those things because
just like Robert Fist and it said it so well. This was all planned before Bush even stole the election.
Right. By a bunch of right wing lunatics by a bunch of crazy people.
They stole it in a bloodless school. They stole your government from your right and broad daylight.
And here's a guy rambling on, wow, do you really believe Michael Moore? You know,
when are you going to get a brain, sir? When are you going to get a life?
When are you going to stop with a partisan political horse crap? Because that's what it is in
Americans. I'm not your horse crap. And John Kerry's running around. Well, you know, he didn't have
any follow through plan and you leave him and running around. Well, if you were against the
more than you're some kind of a far bus and a goi. Whatever he's talking these days, you know,
they're all full of crap. Democratic Party is just as guilty. They set back and they like
rubber stamped all of this crap because they were terrified of the political fallout.
Now that it's expedient that we're stuck at a quagmire and that people are dying every day in
a certain Americans. Now it's become fashionable. Only Howard Dean was the one right from the
beginning who said, this is an infomalia. This is unacceptable. It's all based on a pack of lies,
which it was. It's not even debatable anymore. And here's Colin Powell with his bull crap
about, well, we have these maps and he's holding up this stuff at the UN and then we're telling
you when that well, if they don't go along with his resolution that they're going to be just
a paper tiger, they're going to be meaningless. Nobody will take them seriously. And now we're going
back again and say, hey, can you give us a helping hand? Can you have us out of this mess we got
ourselves into? For all time, say, yeah, for all time, say, I'm a cat lick. And of course,
don't forget about that road map. 14 past 11. How about those ball games, man? 14 past 11 at
560 WQM. Hey, how low can those interest rates go? I'm sure you're wondering that right now. Well,
right as you speak, the financial group is doing the limbo rock. They're sneaking under that
free financing rate that was low before, but they're sneaking a peak under it. 1.95% is right. Now
you can refinance your home or buy a new home and get a super low 1.95% financing rate with our
good friends at financial group. Calm toll free. 1 890 40 land. That's 1 890 40 LED. If you've
been thinking about refinancing or buying real estate, call the financial group and 1 890
90 for all end to give you an idea of the kind of money you can save. Listen to these payment
amounts. If you have yourself $100,000 alone, you pay only $368 a month. If you have a $200,000
dollar loan, your payments are only $736 a month. Even George can, well, almost.
Call financial group toll free at 1 890 40 land and get the low, amazing, astonishing,
shocking rate that you've been searching and hoping and praying for 1.95%.
Interest rates are at all time. Low so do the smart thing. Call financial group today and hop
on a bandwagon 1 890 40 land. 1 890 40 LED. The Reneku housing lender.
Credit restrictions apply rate subject to change monthly 5.19 APR.
We're supporting you 5.16. You AM.
Hang in the butt, honey. Are you sure?
Yes.
Okay.
Back in the day when someone done us wrong, we didn't take their crap.
In Pearl Harbor, when the jabs dropped their bombs, we bombed them bad.
And now the Saudis, they hit us hard. And on our cards, our little flags wave.
As that Saudi woman retarded, voice of our lures the wrong way.
And of embarrassed to be in America, where they followed us like she.
The United States of Americans, led by Bush and his family,
Green they got this country up, hammering toys to the largest seas in our history.
I don't want to be a tax America in the goddamn USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives? Stop living in the past.
If you want that SUV to drive, you're gonna need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They train us to believe.
And anyone who says that, obviously, ends up for to leave.
And of embarrassed to be in America,
Oh, where we paint triadically, with a flag in one hand,
with our head in the sand, and blindly follow the powers that we have aesthetic.
Of washing stains from you, who's on a 65 inch screen,
scratch your balls and find everything's okay.
In the goddamn USA.
God bless America.
1121, fun for the mindless, that's what it's all about.
The mindless masses, answers, 5670560, pound 560.
Look at this, you have generated over 340 responses in an hour.
That's a few polls, but no.
I think that's a record.
I think that may be a post-Aleon record.
Well, there's similarities.
How did George do?
Yeah, but he had a larger penis.
That's what the albuela said.
Yeah, they ain't seen nothing.
They were yank of it.
How did George do filling in this summer?
Can you imagine what it's like now?
No, he's probably got an inning now.
He's probably like, uh, uh, George did okay.
I listened to 110.
Oh, he was okay.
Okay.
Which is all you can ask for, okay?
Okay.
110.
Offal, I stopped listening 83.
Oh, good news.
What's that?
Nothing to interrupt you, but this is really important.
You interrupted me.
Yeah, no.
Jim is offering to email the text of the article to Eric.
Would you, could you please, uh, Jim?
Please do get it.
Right?
Right.
ErickantNeilRodges.com.
Thank you, Jim.
That's Eric ERIC.
Eric and NeilRodges.
Well, no.
I mean, what does he know?
It could be with a K like a Viking.
There are people named Eric who spell it with a K, okay?
K.
Now, what the hell was I just doing?
I was reading the results.
Here we go.
Okay, I listened to 110.
Offal, I stopped listening 83.
Week, I rarely listened to 75.
Great job.
The best ever.
Nice going, George 65.
fabulous time for NeilRodges.
And look at how many we got on that.
We got.
Yeah, yeah.
Probably Robert Creeper voted about five times.
You little creep.
Creeper to Creeper.
You little scumbag you.
See, I was thinking about that.
Now it's 10.
He just voted again.
Out of 348.
I was thinking about these similarities between clearance
and his little crew of sports nerd misfits.
Clarence the beast and Robert Creeper.
What do they have in common?
Can't get laid.
Why can't they get laid?
Well, first of all, personality defect number one.
Number two, at least that with women anyway.
Homos don't do women.
Number three, if you don't have a penis,
it's kind of hard to get laid.
Notice his strap on on.
Maybe you want a little clearance
that big black piece that
bruh.
We're so obsessed with.
Which one we got a couple.
Oh, the one that's Karan was so obsessed with too.
The one with the handle.
She fell in love with it.
Yeah, the woman had a big plunger.
348 votes and let's see.
Now the positive ones for you, 122, 187.
So, in Nevatoria, 161.
You're a little, you're ahead.
You're ahead.
Not by a lot though.
It's nip and tuck.
It's close.
And of course, the future of George's broadcasting
career as marginal as it is, is hanging on this vote today.
Absolutely.
WQYM, hello.
Yeah, Neil, what's going on?
How you doing, sir?
Listen, man, seven out of 10 people believe it's not a per se
and as I'm going to do it in the World Trade Center.
Right, because the public is stupid.
I read it in either the Washington Post or the New York Times
that I only lived a couple days ago.
Do you have a hint on our website a few days ago, Ryan?
I'm just based on that.
Unbelievable.
Just that alone.
I mean, you've got to pull the metal and your teeth
to your hair up, man.
It's absolutely insane.
Yeah, I'm spinning my wheels.
I'm doing a Randy Rhodes.
Fun.
They leave a ball.
Right, I mean, I should just be sitting here going.
I'm a little bit like that.
They like that a lot better.
I don't know.
I really don't know what to do, man.
I mean, we're going to move to.
You can't move anywhere.
I think Toronto sounds good.
You have a six-spensive there, though.
No, it's not.
Well, I have a Canadian dollar.
Canadian dollars only worth 73 cent American.
And so it makes it very affordable here.
That's not bad.
All right, we'll take care and keep your head up.
Okay, we're getting you two.
I'm trying to keep my head on it.
Only if they take their hand off the vacuum and you know,
let me kind of steer my own path.
Algebra errors purported bin Laden tape.
The audio tape says the real battle hasn't started yet.
On the eve of the second anniversary of 9-11 attacks today,
Arabic language news network Algebra broadcast yesterday.
What it said was that new video.
Oh, you know what?
Other tape they showed yesterday?
If I can interrupt myself now.
Which I loved.
I wish I had taped the audio of that.
God, did you see how the cranking
a rumsfeld in his speech to the press club?
No.
You didn't see that?
No!
Oh, it was green.
There were a couple of young ladies up there with huge protest sign
about the bloodbath in Iraq and about the soldiers that are dying.
And he's in the middle of his speech and she yells out,
Mr. Rumsfeld, you're fired!
And he looked up all like Starland.
He started going off-man and about you're a butcher and a murderer
and American troops are dying every day.
And this is an illegal war.
It was all based on lies.
And they finally, of course, security.
It took a little while.
They were like upstairs.
And the took security about 30 seconds to get up there.
But yeah, they had a city pulse here in Toronto.
They showed the whole thing.
Oh, you got to just roll a tape.
Just keep going.
I wish I had the audio.
It was fabulous.
And then, of course, you know, trying to be the wise guy.
He always is the thing.
And she finally gets dragged away and he looks at the president.
Well, well, you know, and just picks up where he left off
from the prepared text.
How witty.
It was a beautiful performance.
Nice, God, sweetheart.
Whoever the hell you were.
Naturally, they dragged them away.
In typical, fascist fashion,
just like a scene from the Vietnam era,
the tricky dick all over again, and LVJ.
Anyway, Osama, let me read it again.
I mean, even the second anniversary of the 11 Arabic language
news network, Al-Jazeera broadcast yesterday,
when it said was a new video type of al-Qaeda leader,
Osama Yomama Bin Laden, and his top yet be in the radio,
voiceovers urging Muslims to interact and devour the Americans.
They're going to eat us.
In the audio tape accompanying the video, a voice
purported to be that of Bin Laden's chief deputy,
Iman Al-Zawari, warning that the battle with the US
was far from over, and exorted fighters
in Iraq to bury the Americans in the graveyard of Iraq.
The purported voice of Al-Zawari was also saying
the US is so far experienced, just the first skirmishes,
and has not yet begun to realize the two volume of its casualties.
Those fighters in Iraq, we greet them in salute them,
and support them and ask God to bless their efforts in their
bravery and fighting crusaders.
He said, and we tell them God is with you,
and the nation is supporting you,
dependent rely on God and the audio-dead.
It warned that the real battle hasn't started yet,
prepare yourself for the punishment of your crimes,
we recommend to the mothers of the soldiers,
if you like to see your sons,
then hasten to ask your government to return them,
rather than coming back to you,
and coffins the voice said.
27 after 11 at 5, 60 WDQM,
if you're underpaid and overworked under appreciated
like the US military,
how would you like to have a new high-paying career
before the years end?
Pick up that phone and call, fast train,
toll free, and change your life forever,
call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
The demand for computer professionals
continues to grow,
there's no better time than right now,
this moment to get you a new high-paying career.
Fast train offer job placement assistance,
convenient evening weekend schedules,
and now they have six Florida locations,
a couple up in Tampa and four in South Florida,
so there's bound to be one convenient
to where you're hanging it out.
Fast train offers financial assistance
for those who qualify too.
Pick up that instrument right now,
stick your finger in and call fast train at 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
That's 1-866-FAST-TRAIN,
or no excuse to stand a crappy dead end job,
working for peanuts for some schmuck-like clearance
at other day.
Check them out of the way,
but fast train.com and call them,
toll free, 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
Fresh train.
Hey.
H third.
Alternate babies.
Kidding.
That's not enough, because I'm a virgin wearing a G-Straight baby.
If the world don't know I'll want it to be known, and now I'm hotter than yesterday.
My body's up, my ground butt's still awake.
I'm fit to know what I'll be here to see next.
I'm hotter.
All right.
Love a 32 or 560 W here I'm speaking of.
All right.
Get mad at your one at two.
Whatever the hell time is on.
Two to four.
See I'm back in a time more, I'm forgetting that 9 to 1 that abortion that they had us for a year and a half that they settled us with.
Shame on you Greg, you idiot, you quizzling.
How did you manage to to four?
Hank Goldberg for the 7th and a Humber in the studio, 5 to 6 that Bino for the cook show.
Don't ask me why, but Clarence has a lot of people listen to that.
Do you believe it?
Did he really?
That's what he said.
He said they get big numbers.
They've checked out 5 to 6 when Bino was on.
He said, about 3rd man.
People listen to that.
Hercoun hotline from Tony Romas in a Gables, 7 to 9 tonight with Josie and Don Bailey,
Jr. and all those Hercoun silly people, probably the Beast too.
He'll be over there sucking up some free food, fat slob.
9 to 2, a 5 hour show for Eddie Cake as the marlins have a travel day off today before they come up against the braves tomorrow.
Joe and Mark overnight 2 to 5 is a lead-in until you know what, you know.
Absolutely.
The week one.
Tony Faxusen says CNBC reported the Tuesday night that Bruce Bernie Eber's
others who ran World Com are born again Christians.
World Com he writes it.
They thought that God would straighten out their mess.
Well, how do you like that?
Born again Christian.
Rippin off the public.
What a concept, huh?
I bet the Jimmy Tammy Fair proud and Jimmy Swagrid and Jerry Falwell,
and Charles Keating and all those other four-nie below me and the Pope.
All the other religious fakers.
When is the public going to wake up and I'm sitting here on a sports station in Miami,
Cuking my gut side.
I might as well be talking to the guy at the M. Wall except I'm getting paid a lot of money.
I mean, what's it all about, Alfie?
You know, what is it all about?
And there's Dumbled right there.
Look at that.
There's El Presidente attending church services.
What we do?
I got news for her.
We ain't got a prayer.
Not with him in there.
560-560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon World's Thunder doing screenless because Scott's under a lot of pressure
he's having an emotional breakdown.
Trying to find out why Boria Somme and then he gives me crap this morning about the Panthers
are going to do a run-of-standard cup because they signed Joe Newandike.
The Leaf signed Joe Newandike.
Okay, silly person.
Silly goose.
I have no right.
No wonder he re-clearance the one who pay it.
WQAM.
Hello, I like the stage of the meal.
Go ahead.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I have a prediction about six months or so before the next election.
Yes.
That's where they're going to find Adam Hussein and Ben Laden and maybe even some very
weapons of mass destruction.
Very treasure, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, like that.
And put his, you know, push to look good.
It'll be helpful if people would be yes again.
And one other thing for your charity, I got a good thing to connect some money.
Okay.
Remember all how-to-duty puppets?
Sure do.
You push the embushes of puppets, you know, make, put some strings on what it owes and make some money.
We're just making a Mr. Bluster with a bush head on it sounds good to me.
Remember Mr. Bluster?
I think I have herpes.
Okay, well just calm down.
Okay, it's a family show we don't want to talk about it all year.
Especially transmitted diseases, okay?
I think I have herpes.
Okay.
That's God punishing you for being a Jets fan.
Everybody knows, everybody's on to him.
They know he's the whole family's got the green and white to Jets colors painted on.
You're full of nobody, Mo.
That's who you're looking for.
No, Mo.
Now line nine, what do you think that is, Scott?
I just want to see if you're learning anything, line nine.
All right, could be somebody who's not genuine.
You mean like you?
Here's line nine, Scott says you're not genuine.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing, buddy?
Are you genuine?
I am for real.
Are you like a real living and breathing caller on line nine?
Let me mark this down.
I'm keeping a diarrhea.
By all means.
Okay.
Indeed.
I'll tell you what, I don't mess with politics or religion, so I have nothing to talk about there.
What is sex and money, man?
That's where it's at.
Money and sex.
Sex and money.
That's what you're glanding in.
This has to do with sex.
I actually am getting engaged here soon.
I thought you had good news for us.
Yeah, exactly.
Thank you.
I know nobody's for it, but God knows.
You got to do it sooner or later.
Yeah.
I'll lose my dowry.
What happens is the rings are ready today.
I was thinking about doing it tonight and then I realized by listening to you with September 11th.
Will this be a good or bad thing?
I could make a happy September 11th or something.
I would screw my brains out whether without the rings or what kind of ring you're talking about.
I can't see.
Yeah, I don't know, but it's about 10 grand and I don't want to lose it over the weekend either.
I go for it.
I go for it because the way I go right now, especially with these Nazis in here, you never know whether the weekend is going to be finished or not.
So just do what I can.
Yeah, Bush is going to bomb us before we say bomb us.
Do it until that thing falls off, man.
That's my best suggestion for you.
You got it, buddy.
Okay, good luck to you.
Have a good one.
He's plugging it.
He's plugging the gap.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
Seriously, a section money, that's where it's at.
Of course, if you haven't got any money, then what?
You're me.
Oh, what a concept.
What a concept.
By the way, thanks to Jean for that fact before I'm sorry, you waited half an hour on hold, but it's the way it goes.
I had a lot of important crap.
I'm going to read that Robert Fist article again later in a 1 o'clock hour.
Don't let me forget.
And I know it's not going to change a damn thing and we will get it on our website, but it will feel good.
It makes us feel like we're doing something.
Just like today's when I did the 7 months without any phone calls and I thought like I was doing something that was a moron and idiot.
See, I think that might have been a format that would have worked like, you know, if we had, if we were on a bunch of stations,
if the show was syndicated, like every other talk show in America, except that I got Norma Kent who's a silly person with his bobble head dolls, who's an overgrown child.
Let's see, here's one that says that Democratic presidential ticket for 2004 should be dean and gram because of the only ones with balls to stick it to Bush.
P.S. It says don't let Donna Shalala hear that.
Yes, she gets upset with years about balls.
She don't like balls.
She likes breasts and things like that.
She said it's breast by test.
Silly as bitch.
Donna Shalala to you of them.
You know, that whole episode is so, it's so unconscionable.
It's so amazing.
So I so unbelievable that the president of the University of Miami raised the stink that we had to take the logo off a couple of billboards because it's a WQM.
We've got balls, which is a line used by every sports station in America.
I mean, you think we got anything original?
Of course not.
We stole it from all the other guys from some other agency.
And Donna Shalala.
And, Daily, you know, probably busy.
I would like to be waxing Janet Reno Shalala right now.
She's a makes a big stink about it.
Get our name off the billboard. That's disgusting.
We've got balls.
That's grotesque.
It's absolutely unbelievable.
She blew nose assholes at the U of M.
They ought to change the colors of U M from orange and whatever the whole of his green.
Just a blue as in blue nose or maybe brown eye or something like that.
What a bunch of pink.
Really, seriously.
Even though I broadcast those baseball games for about a hundred years over there, what?
I learned. I really learned, man.
I got to see the inside of what that place is all about.
The alumni and the blue noses in the, just the whole operation.
You have to make your pick your guts out.
And then they're playing another girl school and football.
The East Carolina State Polytechnic Girl School for the Blind.
A bunch of amputees they're playing this weekend.
What's the, yeah, seriously.
That's the kind of schedule they make up.
Oh, we're number one.
Look at it.
And the town's never going to change.
It's still the same horse wall.
Place it always has been.
I'm going to tell you right now.
And I'm not pretending to be a Marlon's fan or a baseball fan because I'm not.
I could, could cure less.
But the fact that he's guys had done the job that they've done.
And they brought in this 90-year-old manager, Jack McKeon, who's coming here and done a hell of a job.
And they're like 16 games over 500 and they're leading in a wildcard race with only 15 games to go.
The fact that they've done that is a major accomplishment.
And I've got to tell me they're expecting 35,000 games for the Braves, which I hope a lot of those.
And who's more going to be rooting for in those games, by the way.
Mr. Braves fan, which they already basically got the division clinched.
They don't need to win any of those games.
He'd then better be rooting for the Marlins or we're going to root his ass out of town.
That's absolutely.
Toronto, Tonto.
But if there's any empty seats in those games, that's going to be bogus.
It's going to show up the town for what it is.
They'd better be packed to the Raptors.
Am I right?
They better be packed in them in there.
Yeah, screw you, Moe.
You silly old goose.
You nasty rotten, anti-human piece of turd.
God.
How did we ever get saddled with that thing, huh?
Tell us, sir.
We Mr. Weaselhead.
How did George do filling in this summer?
That's our poll question on eorogers.com.
401 votes in an hour in the 20 minutes, George.
We're going at a record pace here.
Conceivable, we could top 800 votes just during the show today on this poll.
That's how emotionally they are about you.
That has never happened.
What?
800 during the show?
I don't think so.
Maybe I may be, but I don't think really.
I don't think really on days.
I don't believe so.
Is that?
Thank you, everybody.
Yeah, see.
401 votes.
How many tours do you fill in?
Okay, I listen to 133.
Like I said, it just changed again.
Out of 404.
3 Moe.
Awful.
I stop listening.
99.
Week.
I wear a listen 84.
Great job.
The best ever.
76.
And fabulous.
It's time for Neil to retire.
12.
2.9% want me to retire.
Okay, no problem.
See, I'm figuring 150,000 listeners at 10 bucks a piece is a million and a half.
So if you least contribute 10 bucks a piece tax-free is, you know, no problem for the rest of my life.
See?
Okay.
I'm telling you.
I'll share.
I'll even share some of that since it's tax-free.
Few thousand.
530, man.
Yeah.
I'll keep you alive.
And maybe a few bucks for Scott too.
How many bucks?
530, man.
Yeah.
Which is more than he's making now.
Yeah.
I agree.
It's 30 more than he's making now.
Thanks to the clearance being in there.
Hey, clearance, you know, you're put on a good act, but we know you're a plus.
That's why that's why every and what was it?
It was 34C.
It was for Relsa Grophane.
He tried like put his hand up her leg.
Who are you?
Talk to her.
He really did that?
That's what the story says.
Yeah.
Now, it has slacked his ass down so fast.
Get your hands off the merchandise.
You little quizzling.
You little fairy.
God.
Who are you?
Kidding.
You know, it's one thing about being in the Appedis position.
Accumulate.
So we had Andrew Asson woods.
We had Muff.
And now we have clearance.
You see a pattern developing here?
No.
When the time comes to have your carpets cleaned, you can go on open the yellow pages and take Russian
Relent, you know, play all kinds of games and get ripped off.
Or you can do the smart thing like I've done to my house for over 20 years.
Call the best people in the universe, drive concepts.
They are sensational.
They are fabulous.
What a great job they do for me, including I think about a month ago it was there.
And when I got home, I took a look around and I said, no problem.
Same beautiful job they always do.
Your carpets look and feel and smell just like brand new at a fraction of the course of the
cost.
They give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job.
Soon I have to worry about getting ripped off.
Drive concepts is offering you a chance here during these final days of summer to say 15%
extra on your next carpet cleaning.
Just call the ride concepts at the usual toll free number.
1-800-248-5071 has to be put on their stand violinist.
Then ride concepts will call you and extend it got an opening in your schedule.
Just like when you fly stand by if you're available and they have an opening, they'll knock 15% off the price.
So called ride concepts today has to be put on that stand violinist.
They might even have an opening for you the day you call, like today perhaps.
And they give you 15% off the price of the job.
And I guarantee you'll be amazed if you ever use these folks before.
How stupid is your carpets will look?
They'll be drying a couple of hours.
They'll smell a mini fresh.
And like I said, look like they had brand new lead right there on the floor.
Call toll free 1-800-248-5071 or check out the price.
Click on the worldwide wicked web at dryconcepts.com.
Live live local, your sports radio five 60s, you and you AM.
Brave young men who shave their chest, spray 3M to mouth-fake breasts, trim their nuts with burning pain.
So they can be queen for a day with weak plates upon their head.
Smooth nylon lace and a slutty dress.
All right.
Who got their cheeks and bodies gray now they're ready to play.
We've got a day, some link out in five and a month.
Who go hobbling about the clothes in the home of getting laid so they can feel like we've got a day.
Meeting friends at the cabaret or the duty garland.
The ones can have a day.
The cabaret is spent like this.
So fan and day holding on the stage.
We tore a day.
Okay.
And counter five of trunks for a fan.
Who said, hey, baby, I want to be your man.
Perhaps a club, but people don't play.
It's a take-you-take.
I'll be the queen for a day.
Okay.
It's 11 till noon.
It's not required.
It's a rhetorical question.
11 till noon at 5.60.
And I was always talking about the old people in the bad driving.
Yeah.
Making drive-throughs driving into buildings and pizza shops.
Well, we're trying to even out a little bit.
Change of demographic.
Palm Beach Post reports this from Tampa.
Authority set a toddler slipped out of his mother's lock motel room, climbed into his family's car, and accidentally drove it through the room's door and window.
Rex Davis, too, was not injured in the accident yesterday morning.
The Holtbrook County Sheriff's Office said his mother, Gina Hopkins, was taking a shower at the red roof in when Rex left the room.
It's almost unbelievable that a two-year-old could have done that.
Said Holtbrook County Sheriff's Lieutenant Rod Reader, one detective dubbed him Little Houdini after the accident.
Reader said while Rex's mother was showering, the youngster managed to get the car keys, unlocked the motel room door, go outside, enter the unlocked car.
Once he started the manual transmission vehicle, this is a real story.
Huh?
It was a manual.
Oh, that was the problem.
Maybe he read about it in the manual.
That's even tougher.
No, you have to start on the manual transmission vehicle.
It lurched forward about eight feet, crashing through the door and window over 133 Reader said Hopkins had left the car in first gear.
Reader said nobody was in the room at the time.
No one was hurt. Reader said a motel employee saw Rex timing out of the passenger side of the car.
The accident caused about two granted damage to the motel, Reader said Hopkins declined comment.
Kelly Johnson spoke to one of the Dallas-based Red Roof in chains and motel officials won't investigate the accident.
Decided whether anybody should be reliable for monetary damages.
Right now we're just thankful nobody was hurt. Johnson be saying.
She said watch out for your Johnson.
The child was well cared for.
The door was locked and the mother has to take a shower sometimes.
She said she did everything right. She just has a very percussive child.
Two years old.
Can you imagine by the time he's about ten?
What a talent.
He'll be stealing Janet. We know as a Mac truck.
A little rent truck. Poor Janet.
Poor Miss understood Janet.
By the way, Eric is the best. He continues to amaze and astonish me.
I just checked our website. The Robert Fist story is already up on there.
All right.
How do you like that? It's the lead story on theoranges.com.
Folly taken to a scale we haven't seen since WWII.
I mean he lays her right out there for it. It doesn't pull any punches.
It's right there for you. I'm going to read it again in the one to two hour.
Excellent.
So sick and tired of all this propaganda.
They certainly not news network.
An MSNBC with her flags and her pom-poms and the pictures on the wall
and his glorious operation Iraqi freedom and all the other bullcrap.
Stop the lies already. You people in the meeting make me sick.
Make me sick to my stomach.
Dean takes slightly naive a pull.
Shall I come down a little bit? I think just a little.
No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No
No. No. No. No.
with or without his tits and 2% Ohio representative Dennis Kassinich. Florida Senator Bob Graham,
Carol Mosley Brown and retired General Wesley Clark each had 1%, Clark's expected to decide soon
whether he'll enter the race and I don't see a desogny polite I want to go through the other numbers.
Speaking of Wesley Clark here's the interesting part okay for anybody who might care. Democratic
presidential candidate Howard Dean is an astronaut Army General Wesley Clark to join his campaign
if the former native commander does not jump into the race himself next week and the two men
discussed the vice presidency at a weekend meeting in California the sources from anywhere
the discussion said. Clark and a telephone interview yesterday
he didn't want to comment about the private meeting asked about reports that the two men
have discussed the wide range of issues including endorsing Dean joining the campaign
possible roles in the administration of his presidency said only it was a complete tour of the
horizon. Later in advisory advisor quoted Clark is saying I have only one decision to make
while I seek the presidency I think that ticket can't lose Howard Dean Wesley Clark.
Leslie after Wesley Clark was so strong I meet the press several weeks ago because if you're
strong I meet the press you know I'm saying did you see that show that meet the presser
looks red and pasty and Irish which he is he's red and pasty and Irish Tim Russell makes me ill.
So there you go there's the possibility there's a new president president Dean
no kind of Jimmy Dean or Timmy Dean or even dizzy Dean. This is very disturbing the story from
ABC and let me say it again on the day when everybody's like waving a flags and we're hearing
all the names red you know that's all well and good you know we're big on ceremonies on ceremonial
crap but in the meantime how about taking care of business right yeah that's what we ought to be
doing with all that money that we're wasting over there in Iraq and that guy that was fumping and
stumbling around that call me earlier try well I knew you believe some of the stuff you read yeah
no I read it because I don't believe it okay because I'm a fantasist like it says in there how can
you only read stuff you agree with yeah oh that's cute and work hard tunes from our friend there
just calm down Gene here's the facts that says from Josh says the thing that really frosts my ass
and I can't recall anyone else being this up is the fact that Bush is using these tax cuts to pay
for his reelection bid the economy is in the crapper and this douchebag thing he's going to
stimulate it by giving rich bastards who spend as much money as they already want more money
unlike Bush Karl Roe was no moron he knows that those rich bastards are going to donate a good
portion of their booty in other words tax cut right back to George's reelection campaign in other
words he's siphoning it back into his own ass that's right he's literally putting it his reelection
campaign on the national credit card like I said Josh says frost my ass and then it says no
George you cannot frost nor eat my ass no worries no worries Josh as far as Georgia summer
performance review I'd give him a grade of B as in focus no B is in better than nothing
okay better than tapes bigger as in bigger not bad most of the time I enjoy listening to him his
best day was the one where he was refusing to shout some QA M dirt and one of the colors
go to them and letting it all hang out figuratively it made for some great radio
whatever that mean what was that all about I forgot what it was about but I wasn't going to say
anything because I was afraid someone might get pissed off and then it occurred to me that I'm
going to be fired to be in your contract anyway so who cares yeah but in the meantime we got
three years plus to go right how long did they make your contract full I got another two years
in change it was three years in February I think I see well I think I'm March 1st of that last
year that's a good time for me to hang it up and retire retire and all these people all these
negative reassles out there the ones who claim to hate this show the ones who listen to hang on
every word that I say every single day on the 20 days of year that I work oh what are you going
to do then huh we're smarty pants all you need to reiterate people what are they going to do then
fire they're going to be praying they're going to be begging me to come back they're going to be
bringing bags of money to my house only problem is I won't be there right I'll give you a PO box
sketch small bills tax free tax exempt like the pope 150 votes say you were okay I listen that's
a little over a third out of 4 4 looking at number 4 4 4 and you know something that this really
is a staggering rate of which these votes to be pouring in because we didn't start to like about
quarter after 10 20 after 10 with this new poll right send it's not even so that even
close to two hours yet and we got 4 4 4 okay 150 awful I stopped listening 107 week I really listened
93 great job best ever 78 fabulous time for me to retire 16
notice our last number is sneaking up there no sneaking and outzing speaking numbers a 2003
new charges blow out sale going on right now at hell at Pontiac GMC my friends Tom Lamin and Joe
Prieto over there have a model when in doubt blow it out here's neodyal number one save up to
seven grand seven thousand dollars with the highest rebates of the year plus deep deep discounts
way down into your pants neodyal number two get 0% financing for up to five years and listen to this
least us two thousand three grand pre GT2 for only 279 bucks a month with 36 months with 12,000
miles a year and two thousand bucks is all you pay out of pocket how it's also got great deals on
you cons and it only's two Tom and Joe invite you to test drive any vehicle on the lot and get
you two tickets to Saturdays Hurricanes East Carolina style game Hurricanes against the girls
school Hurrie and because supplies are limited and of course how it continues to have the best
selection in town of certified pre-owned cars trucks SUVs depend of dependable vehicles that you
can count on and speaking of counting on you can count on the fact that you'll get a deal made
over there even if your credit record isn't perfect because they're not picky and how
they want to cut your deal it's the two thousand three blowouts sale going on right now as I speak
and our friends Halopodiac GMC 134-01 South Dixie Highway that you us went across in the falls
they're legendary they've been doing people right for 35 years plus in South Florida they're
open every day seven days a week too for more info on these great neildeals right now call the
Neildeal Hotline Toolfree at one triple eight five three four forty two eleven that's one triple eight
five three four forty two eleven don't forget all neildeals subject to credit or publicity our
buddies at Halopod details at Halopodiac GMC you'll agree with me they really are professional grade
and Osama bin Laden and whenever I am in Miami I listen to neuroadjustes with two known baby
launch a couple missiles oh tour place we know yes and aim a madame who's first name begins with
oh there's one thing we all understand al-Qaeda won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan
and all right we could chase around forever with our tanks and all our troops but special forces are
so tired of jumping through them who's you don't need another plane so let's cut out all the nonsense
and go blow up Pakistan okay how can a need to nuclear tank why don't we stop pussy foot
and go blow up Pakistan
yeah
Jeffrey on hot girl Canadians 12 or three at five sixty W.D. Krim friend educates Scott
a little bit of hockey he knows nothing he's absolutely illiterate when it comes to hockey and
we're sad about that we are delighted over the fact that he isn't a sports nerd we're thrilled with
that yeah aren't we George well I'm not so sure what do you mean by that maybe he's a one of
these sports nerd oh no we don't want no sports nerd or you don't want to be sports nerd there's
that fat headed jury notman on MSNBC with Lester hold I do like Lester hold I mean he doesn't really
say anything but he just got a great centurion voice you know he commands respect because he's got
you know I mean he's got a good presence he's got good presence all of George does give good
presence I usually just give him away though this is very disturbing from ABC News no less border
breach question mark as customs fails to detect depleted uranium again for a second year U.S.
government screeners have failed to detect the shipment of depleted uranium in a container sent
by ABC News from overseas is part of a test of security at American ports did they pass the test
I think this is a case in point which established the soft underbelly of national security
and homeland defense in the U.S. said Senator Diane fine-stine a California California who's been
urging the Bush administration to do more to enhance port security the ABC News test was
criticized by officials at the Department of Homeland Security who assigned agents in at least
four cities to investigate ABC personnel and news sources involved I think you're a news reporter
who's trying to carry out a hoax on our inspectors homeland security assistant secretary asshole
Hutchins until Brian Ross ABC News is chief investigative correspondent for report to be broadcast
today on world news tonight and prime time Thursday the ABC News project involves shipment of
two Los Angeles of just under 15 pounds of depleted uranium a harmless substance that's
that's legal of important to the U.S. uranium in a steel pipe with a lead lining was placed in
a suitcase for the shipment if they can't detect that then they can't detect the real thing
explained Tom Cochran a nuclear physicist at the National Resources Defense Council which lent
the material ABC News for the project Cochran said the highly enriched uranium youth for nuclear
weapons would with slightly thicker shielding give off a signature similar to depleted uranium
in the screening devices currently being used by homeland security officials at American ports
the ABC News suitcase containing the uranium was placed in a teak trunk along with other furniture
put in a container in Jakarta Indonesia a city considered by U.S. authorities to be one of the
most active al-Qaeda hot spots in the world the container was shipped to LA and late July just
a week before the bombing of Jakarta Mary out hotel to kill from people homeland security secretary
Tom Ridgis they major improvements in port security in per apart because of enhanced vigilance overseas
so that our borders become the last line of defense that our first line of defense for its
seventh speech last week he said the U.S. was increasing security thousands of miles away
long before a container is first loaded on a ship but in Jakarta ABC News producers David Scott
and Rhonda Schwartz found that the chest in which they had placed the depleted uranium was never
open to respected before being sent on the LA how do you like that I took us only a few days to find
a ship or willing to send a container to America with almost no questions asked said Scott
we didn't tell a company about the depleted uranium said Schwartz and they never asked
don't ask we won't tell the shipping was handled by Merst logistics part of the giant
Merst shipping company based in Copenhagen ever been in Copenhagen no I love Copenhagen
to finish a Merst company officials say the procedures do not require the
agents to inspect containers loaded outside of the pure area Merst provided what it calls
door to door service which allowed the container to be loaded in a furniture store we rely on
screening government authorities to validate shipping content say Merst security official John
Hyde in a statement Merst said the ABC News findings had caused it to investigate and review
its procedures overseas thank the Lord thank you God any important deviations from formal
procedures will be rectified immediately the statement said furthermore security procedures
will be reviewed again in order to evaluate with any other adjustments could be because they got
egg on their post they're embarrassed okay this is the kind of security we got and we're spending
billions and billions every day and sacrificing human lives in Iraq we're fighting a clawed
reigns the invisible man in Iraq and yeah then we got the traveling man Charles McKinley no relation
to William McKinley how's William McKinley doing he's still dead but not Chuck Charles McKinley he
showed him what a bunch of assholes they are a man who dodged a $240 round trip airplane ticket
by having himself phone to Texas in a crate has helped critics of the nation's aviation security
dramatically illustrate their concerns hand himself shipped in a crate Charles McKinley 25 of the
Bronx New York was discovered Saturday morning inside a crate being delivered to his parents home
in the Soto Texas delivery driver Billy Ray Thomas of pilot air freight told police he was unloading
a crate when he noticed eyes looking in him from between the slats and the cargo crate startled
Thomas for open the crate expected to find a body startled yeah can you imagine no not really
crap my pants would you really well take about it I'll be damned McKinley emerged thank Thomas
for delivery when inside the home thank you pleasant trip Thomas reported the incident to the Soto police
the officer discovered that he was wanted in Dallas County in two counts of theft by check
and one traffic violation as of Tuesday afternoon late McKinley remained in the Dallas County jail
the crate was flown from New York JFK to Dallas for worth in the pressurized cabin of a Boeing
727 freighter by Kitty Hawk air cargo TSA spokesman Mark Handfield said his agency the FBI and law
enforcement officials in Texas and New York are conferring about what charges to file against
and privately officials said it's not clear he broke any federal laws McKinley could be prosecuted
for fraud in New York he charged the shipment of the crate in which he hit to his employer
550 bucks the AP reports this is just one more proof that we don't have a clue what's in our
airplane said aviation consultant Michael void while passenger security measures have
improved since 9-11-2001 credits like voids say air cargo needs more attention let's don't
get carried away people don't ship themselves every day is very dangerous the guys lucky to be
alive boys had but it does show that the back door of the airport is wide open we're no more
safe than we were two years ago that's why airports around the country are just like clearance
their back door is open Hatfield says the incident validates the emphasis we're not putting on cargo
operations for the past month several TSA tiger teams made up a former CIA and FBI agents and
retired members of the military special op units have tried to beat security procedures in the
cargo rampair is a busy airport she said the teams had to report to TSA Chief James Law in
Erlangtober and bring him the bad news I mean nothing is perfect okay there's too many people
too many too much stuff going through you know but it's it's it's a joke it's a joke it's a
dog and pony show just like I told you back in the months right after 9-11 it was a dog and pony show
they're putting on a good act for you oh yeah we're really working for you man we're
gonna secure you we're not gonna let any of these things happen again the lonely absolute
bull lonely how's George doing on there well I'm gonna take a peek on here see how we're doing
with that especially not even so much how you're doing formed a need to vote we're gonna go over
500 votes in two hours 18 more to 500 that is impressive how did George do and and every time we
take a poll that has anything to do with you we always get this phenomenal response if only if
only they like to yeah yeah oh you know what same with Moe I'm sorry that was a shot but I
didn't even hold a candle for absolutely he would like to go ahead and say what oh I don't
want to tell you like to burn off your foreskin with one the 482 votes how did George do filling
in the semons a way to do it okay I listened to 161 that's almost exactly a third 33.4%
for you couldn't do better than I mean you turn wow awful I stopped listening 118 that's almost
ever 86 almost 18% fabulous time for Neil to retire 17 3.5% out of 42 I'm sure when I
refers that we're getting really close to 500 now I have a feeling and epitomized stomach that
it's gonna be shocking 487 now see 400 87 vote on the emotion draining George right that's
because of that eating a stuffed that's when you start getting all whipped up into a frenzy okay I
was yeah that was kind of pass it was okay once let's see but that once what we discussed it once
you discussed it in cloud and time since I only nearly once because then it ran its course
then it ran its course when the BSO started shutting them all down or rating them that's when
it ran its course the ass if was up to Georgia be a swing club in every street corner oh it's
only I could go I'm looking something and I got there I give a pink slip so he can go out you'd
love me if I hear it to you that if you're underpaid overworked under appreciated how do you
like to have a new high-paying career before the years and I bet you would say yes when you're
yes George what he's sick and tired of working for peanuts but he'll take it pick up the
phone call fast train toll three at one eight six six fast train they can have you train and certified
before the end of this year even though it's already almost the middle of September September
the demand for say I know my months I know my numbers I don't speak in no other language but I
know some meaningless words the demand for computer professionals continues to grow there's no
better time than right now to say goodbye to your boss and your crappy dead end meaningless job and
get you a new high-paying career change your life for serious for the better fast train offers
job placement assistance convenient evening weekend schedules and now with six Florida locations and
four in South Florida is about to be one close by you and don't forget fast train offers financial
assistance for those who qualify so if you'd like to get more info and if you really would like to
make an effort to change your life and get you a real income here's a chance to do it call one eight
six six fast train that's one eight six six fast train there's no excuse to stay in that crappy
meaningless measly dead end job one more minute check them out of the web fast train.com and make
that call you've been waiting and thinking about do it today one eight six six fast train
whatever else we got what do we got all kinds of things all kinds of crap all kinds of best
deal stuff and the benefit they have to benefit band and prep rescue all the proceeds we got 20,
thousand four twenty three yesterday it's pretty lame let's consider 10 grand of that is mine
that's pretty weak pretty weak guys let's get with it hop onto our website neo-riders.com order
the stuff today look at that we're over 500 votes in about two hours are you ready for that
I guess I have to be 509 509 is the George Paul continues you listening your response from the
public the likes of which has seldom been seen in a place where people have no passion for all of
us anything except early bird dinners and freebies but also for little George there's that fat
jury knockman again up a billion dollars oh they just can't get his fat ass off it around MSNBC
well it probably works cheap 509 George did okay I listened to 170 awful I stopped listening 127
week I rarely listened 106 great job the best ever 89 and fabulous time for Neil to retire 17 out of 509
so let's let's add them up let's see 106 276 positive got it 276 got it negative 132 33 sorry
I think you're pardoned you're trying to like yeah yeah I'm full on a bush now you try to like
folding up the numbers long to and what did I say 276 to 233 I got a listen don't mess with me with math okay
one thing my feeble mind but still loses the numbers oh wait I don't think I won't do well I see
a good number believe me I know it whoo 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T like I've told you so many
times when I see a flaming queen I know it okay where are we going 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT oh
by the way in case you're curious Americans are flying today at slightly lower than usual numbers but
not like any gigantic drop off okay okay I'm just passing that line it was just on the blurb
there on the bottom of the screen which is where we're supposed to be fixated you know to see oh
and also they're warning that there may be because of the tape the Osama Imamate and the coincide
of the 9-11 anniversary there may be a taxi against US interest abroad the only thing I'm thinking
it was like in Europe on the in Britain now it's like 520 in the afternoon on the main land at 620
and of course in Asia it's just even later than that to what I'm saying so I'm not saying that it
can't happen but it's getting a little late it's if the day is getting a little better hurry
they better hurry up now don't be saying crap like that okay now you're gonna get like Scott
for well and you're gonna get everybody you get them all bent out of shape right I mean what
I'll be say this morning I don't even repeat it I don't want to be here and the beast is in there
oh is that bad was that bad oh yeah smell this beast was it bad take a whiff
wqa am hello speaking hey Neil how you doing pretty good how you well first thing this
morning you know you get in your day to with the whole American flag stickers and everything and
it's just kind of interesting to me that I mean I know I'm pretty sure to acquire but you get this
we will never forget or remembering in the question I have for everybody what are you remembering because
nothing has changed this has happened right and today I mean I probably look like a schmuck but
I took a plane to you shirt I just wrote on it and you know 9-11-2 years later no answer no justice
no weapons of mass destruction no Osama wake up American and peach bush oh right excellent I love it
you know I mean I might I might look like a schmuck but I'm serious nobody's asking the questions
and you know what I'm I'm I'm turning blue in the face and he just says something really
interesting about the times on differences and we're worried about American interests abroad
there's a thing that we kind of slap into into the media real quietly and happens in every aspect
is that we're shifting the world like the United States is the world and the United States is not the
world and we do that it's 9-11 over here and it's 12 o'clock in the afternoon that means it's 12
o'clock in the afternoon everywhere it's not yeah well you remember most of the American people are
very myopic they live in this little this tiny little existence of theirs and most of them don't
even really know forget about going other places they don't even know where to find them on the map
you know it's I like I said I just want to let you know that you know there are a few rational people
out there and and I don't care if I look stupid or people want to come my head up but hopefully
just one person understands that or at least we'll just get upset about something that you might
say at least investigate it themselves the answers are out there and you know what a year ago I
thought there was no way that Bush is going to lose this election and I'm honed out hope it might
happen I think it's looking really strong man I mean as long as he's con we keep on taking the
dump like it is we might have a chance because you know the bottom line is still money not
right good job pal keep it up bye bye thanks there you go see we got some really good calls
last couple of days I was great I like that I liked it a lot because there are people out there
with an RQ larger than their kneecap and they go they're thinking they realize they're not
fooling everybody and the poll numbers continue dropping like a rock like a rack oh no seriously it's
it's just you can fool people for so long but when you come when you concoct this whole scenario
all based on a pack of lies and it can be so easily shown that it was all bull crap and here's
colon power you know the highly respected colon power with his very light complex you know sitting
there with the you went and he's got all these documents and all these photos and all this other
it's all bull crap where is it where was it Hans Blitz said yesterday it looks like what the
Iraqis told us in the first place was right there were no goddamn weapons of mass destruction
they couldn't find any we aren't finding any crying out loud march april may june july august september
already they haven't even had any time they've been able to concoct any yet much less find any
and a bull crap of a Tony Blair over the 45 minutes they're gonna be here and they're not gonna
attend Downey Street whatever our weather their gas they're gonna give us the gas yeah you got gas
all right Tony I guarantee his pass a lot of gas these days you know all those british with a
diathlete would always crap they the bangers and mashing spotted dick you can only imagine
they're kind of ranked gas their passing over there in the UK don't leave out the toad in the hole
on the toe in the old hole look out for that baby I hear it's a boofo 5 6 7 0 5 60
down 5 60 on the 18 it's it's you know you don't know what it'll affect her cry because it's so
predictable you know what was gonna happen today where we're talking about it before the show
this morning they're all waving a flags they got the ceremonies and the kids are deciding the names
but it's just another you know another exercise in being a sheep being a professional sheep
and you got a small percentage of the public about 30 man a lot less than that you realize that
only like 23% of the American people who got a passport no no no no no no one I you know it
less than a quarter of the people in this country in America see I keep saying this country
excuse me I have got a passport which means that 77% don't go nowhere you know their idea like in
South Florida I mean if we go to Port Saint Lucie oh man that's a big outing that's a heavy duty trip
or trip to the keys to go get dropped if you really know it need to go to the keys together
can you tell me why anybody goes to the keys I think I'm just gonna get buffered go get drunk
and cheeseburger and purged us and I'm gonna show you how stupid American public in
immediate how continues perpetuating it what do you think they were talking about on crossfire
yesterday which I watched about 10 minutes of and I don't know why you know the Democratic debate
the the estimate their favorite song I mean what a brilliant question yeah what's your favorite song
turkey and so then on crossfire they're talking about this and there's a little mother Tucker
Carlson with a stupid ass bow time at baggy look on his post and he's going on what about your
and then he's telling about how he's a big jury what's your call grateful dead fan Garcia
if he would have said cherry Garcia and I'd say hey at least he's got some good taste
but in juries the jury Garcia that's taste and then there's a little B.D.
odd Bobby Graham talking about Jimmy Buffett at that point I said well no wonder he's got 1%
Jimmy's Buffett with his cheeseburger and paradise and so they're asking like they're be they're
going to a break and they say and they're asking the audience to vote they have these little
electronic things now for audience participation other than they cut the shirt out in 20 minutes
uh what what do you think president bushes favorite song is and at that point my dial change so
god damn fast you couldn't say crap you can even take one you ready for that what do you think
president's favorite song is yellow stripe of Texas yeah something like that I think it's the
twisted cross of Berlin five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T in Verizon wireless
26 past no we got the mad dog coming up into we got a pretty pristine schedule today we got
the hopper in the studio hey stop it with the being all cooked I beg your pardon Joe Rose in it too
today why am I finding this out now is this another clearance thing is out this is another piece
of clearance is ineptitude what happened to that child he he was he was really doing it man he
was on top of it if I can say that and I think he just slid right off he seems to be just coming
apart of the seams that little clearance well maybe he had a big Mac attack right them attack
maybe that's why he's coming apart of the seam so Joe Rose for the mad dog it's too well you know
we don't want to get the mad dog working too many days then he have today offered him our
game yesterday is are we caught nice going mad dog we like it all right more pay less work if you
want to see the best in horse race simulcasting here's where you ought to be watching it and plunging
pompato park harness track pompato park is open seven days and nights a week featuring the best
in harness throw bread and highlight action from all across north america for you to watch and
plunge your guts on and general parking and admission always free too enjoy plenty of free seating
hundreds of TVs to view your favorite track from where you can get a private box seat with your own
TV monitor for just two bucks and it's all done in a smoke free environment if you're really lucky
you'll go there on the day when the fat riches there you know how he lost 300 pounds just this week
come watch and wait you this Saturday September 13 on the five hundred thousand dollar maple leaf
tried in mohawk raceway here in Toronto eight or the million dollar orange and blue steaks night at
Belmore Park in Chicago you ever been to Belmore no don't and don't forget racing fans
pop it'll park will be back connection with the start of their 40th anniversary season of great
live harness racing starting Friday October 10th I can't wait its Bruce Ranger running outside
here comes Brian Sears and here's Kevin Wallace slakin through along the inside hit him again Kevin
and there's Wally Hennessey the doddle along at the back of the pack and Rowan Brainered out
there 15 yards in the center of the racetrack Pompadot Park a block do you have any idea what I'm
talking about good no Pompadot Park a block south of Atlanta pull apart on Powerline Road for
daily summer casting race schedule call 954972 2000 or check them out of the web for the full
schedule at Pompadopark Pompadot Park Pompadot Park Pompadot Park Pompadot Park PoppinGoodPick.com
by the way who drove PoppinGoodPick Scott Joe Mark Jr.
Hi guys fallen baby my friends
we put a retarded girl in our own human should to be sure you will enjoy
where
our agency thought this would move some product out of the showroom
look at her gal this is funnier than watching retards at the park
you
if someone that's a yearly retarded you can have that much fun and it is
she's having a lot of things
oh
12.33 at 5.60 WQM 27 to 1
living in a park a licked a poppa of a
apocalyptic fear pop a dot
pop a dot fear
I hate it when I do that
that's what the Toronto star says Tim Harper in Washington bureau says two years on
the shock has dissipated the memories more distant but the fear remains
oh
after pull released on the eve of today's second anniversary of the terrorist
rights on the york and washington fight Americans more fearful and fatalistic
than they were a year ago when they need to honor the victims to plan to the
recurring vision of another attack
everything else which spiked upward in the immediate aftermath of 9-11 the
2000-month suicide hijacking support for the government returned to religion
even a trust in the media has returned to pre-attract attack
normals everything but the new normal says Carol Doherty of
Pew Research Center the prevalent view in this country is that if they can strike
again anywhere anytime and the government can't stop it
the apapa apapa how come I can't say that all of a sudden the apocalyptic fear is
definitely here to stay at least the foreseeable future pop a uma mount
it's like they muja hadine i beg your pardon
that fear returned yesterday when the aerobic tv channel else is here to show
that videotape of Osama Yamama and i'm in alzoari
who vows to bury american troops in iraq
if americans are fearful says harpers magazine at her
lewis lapamay leading american comatator it's because they're being sold
fear by the government of george w bush pretty well all the bush
administration is got going for it now is this foreign war lapam said fear
is something the administration's been selling for two years you should
aid the populace with a drug of fear and maybe the electorate won't notice
what a mess you've made not only of domestic politics but also our
international relations in order to conceal disguised
restaurant and components they beat the constant threat of war and fear
how do you like that
yeah i'm just like passing out along for you to
by just speaking of the moon
yes look at book about all the questions we're responding in afghanistan
to remove the Taliban and and put al-Qaeda on the run in a matter of months
the road fell your fire
your foreign policy is based on rights
the order of unjust and illegal and the occupation is in war
all you have to understand your rights
all you have to get away is kill you
bring the troops home now
when they come to go tell the president you know how we wrong
maybe they're wrong
hey how's it all these days how many children did you get today
how many children what do you say
how many children do you have to say hey
i love it
today that's what i'm gonna say
oh no i wish you could have seen it
oh man
drag them off i mean really drag those girls off of their
forcibly you know
were they hot
i don't know how warmer was inside the uh it was probably a lot hotter
when i think actually the other one was pretty uh good
well good for her
yeah a couple of boobs
well the biggest boob was down around the podium
and he had he had this like uh deer in the head like kind of like the one
uh i'll president he usually has you know when he
cuz he know whether the screen read their banana
i think they came in from the banana bar
but at any rate there you go i mean polka brongada thank you polka you're the best
as usual that's the audio from yesterday's rum spelled speech to the press club
in dc and uh these protestors came out i don't know how they
they're sputtle at sign and they had a huge sign
folded anti-war anti-blood bad sign
that was great it's a little bit about how many times today
but third man i love it absolutely love it
more and more you start to see the rumblings okay this is only the beginning
is just a little yeah just like in Vietnam took a long time
and then like college campuses you started seeing a protest and you start
getting bigger and bigger than of course we have
Kent state and the national guard said well we don't think so
come back and protest another day if you're still alive
and then finally finally after we brought home about the 48 000th
kid in the body bag we said you know maybe there's really something wrong
over there what are we doing there in the first place what are we
accomplishing i don't know i'm not
butchering all those innocent men moving in little children
all those real dangerous people in their huts
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and for rising
wireless line line six is always a hoot qa m hello
hello niel yes
oh niel i'm so sorry you missed your buddy for thamusan every day
yeah i mean i mean you talk about it like we're
we're is it that we've removed this guy where is he
well that's what i like to know yeah i'm gonna go find him and have a chat with him
okay and bring him over for lunch for some halava my buddy siddhan who's saying
you're an asshole man you're an idiot you're an imbasil
how about our buddy pinochet huh there's another one i just had that story
before but he didn't know pinochet from ricachet
from rica you're an imbasil man you're a moron
eighty seven billion more so we're talking about now a couple hundred
billion dollars we got these gigantic deficits the rich keep getting richer the
tax cuts for the rich the god damn vectel and
halibut and all these other right wing buddies and he's ludicis
oh your buddy siddhan musang yeah and by the way hate to break the news
there was your right wing friends have put him in the first place the first time
around when he's when he's grave robbers had a
control of the regime five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the
AT&T and Verizon wireless line
wqa and hello yes i'd like to speak to Neil speaking how are you i'm doing good
i've got a comment on nine eleven yes sir i just would like to say that i'm
heading to vegas i've had enough of this what does that mean
does that mean sir what does that mean you're heading to vegas you had enough of
what i've had enough of all the stuff they're telling us on the radio okay well
seven eleven sounds good to me to have a beautiful seven eleven are in vegas
it's got all the up with the neon glitzy sign you know
we got a nice McDonald's it's got the same the big golden arch with the
emmonets got all the glitzy and yeah i like you know and vegas is all neon so
seven come eleven see we're even doing screenless i was going to tell
Scott don't put anymore old farts on your liking but
and Scott's fault anyway he's psychically attracted that old cadre just
call have a good time in vegas say how does Scott
forl maybe let your rubbers ball spot
21 till one at five sixty wqa and brand issues celebrate in 25 years and doing
people right in south Florida taking good care of them and their feet
you can't beat your feet on the old meat at brandy's it's a treat
25 years in doing a right they got the top names in a business they got five
ports echoes but festo tibalon Clarks s a s floor shyman all the other big names
and no matter how big or tiny your feet are maybe little and petite they got all the sizes you
need they got men six to fifteen women's five to twelve and woods from the very very narrow to
the very big fat and wide and their professional sales staff at brandy's this is one reason
people have shoppener they give you a personal friendly service they want to make sure you get
a perfect fit every single time brandy shoes you'll find them at twelve ninety
north federal highway pump and obi open daily nine to nine some days ten to five
and all this wicked brandy's new balance shoes around sale take 20% off man's and women's
new balance shoes and brandy's got a humongous election of all the styles and sizes that you love
so stop into brandy's this week and take advantage of really of unbeatable prices on new balance
shoes or check them out of the way that brandy's shoes dot com
oh
we're sports video five six you a m
sick baby only in Miami
the n radio
a totally in control with lives in this information
they don't want you to know about the globalist assholes
bang from the hold animation
the economy took a crap getting slaughtered in a racket
and the push decayed a trade
of all the few that want to know there's only one way to go
you gotta regen newspapers but
no
what it says about the
sale
there's nobody they just want to be in front of that TV
thinking what happens to them
ain't gonna be happening to me
nobody cares about the land
holy apiates to late
yeah then they say what did you say
when they were never gonna believe
y'all anyway
don't bother me with too much information
i don't want to leave it
i don't want to believe it
don't confuse me with the facts
i'm getting a fair of violence
say the mentally challenged
believe others few would fox news
they don't lie
no
what it says about
yeah
everything's just fine
so why do few people die
i can't be concerned with that
i'm busy picking things up i have
i don't say i didn't want you
don't take a look at California
as you
fuck all of them
what's wrong
all day
yeah
1245 at 560 wdqm happy thursday
2nd anniversary of 911
they're all pontificating all the networks
all the talking ads but it
but it won't put all the stuff
581 votes before one o'clock we're
gonna have over 600 dj it's scary
yeah
it's a scary
here's the fact from oskey and homestead
says enjoying your show while packing gold fish for a shipment
i'd like you in the list to know that the only way
can ship anything in the airplane cargo
or pass your planes to be a known shipper
this isn't that what Reagan said when one for the shipper
this means an airline rep or freight sales manager has to physically
and personally come and visit your place of
business and take that all put in information about you
once satisfied you're a legitimate shipper with roots of warehouse or
place of business at which you ship slash receive etc
you're certified as a security or pal number
hi pali
supposedly once one airline certifies you you're in a database but
every airline is to visit you on their own time and convenience
or your stuff isn't going to get on board except the course for those
hand grenades and american airlines overheads
the acceptance smaller lines were either too lazy or disinterested in visiting
you occasional shipments not enough volume in which case you must bring your
boxes to them open so they can physically inspect the
contents and at their mercy except the shipment
some airlines charge 20 bucks per set inspections others nothing
occasionally even as an own shipper the goods are
most airlines also use x-rays on top of everything else this guy who
shipped himself in a crate must have used some pal's number
maybe had a pal right there's simply no failsafe method and being an own
shippers about a safe as it gets no this though airlines that do not
comply subject to very heavy fines for each
infraction by the fAA glad you're enjoying the Toronto with this and plus i'm
not a fraud thank you ask you whatever that was and watch out for the goldfish
what do you faxing me a plethora of stuff here?
yes stuff okay here's one that says from franken
melbourne pretty interesting faxes is do you feel safe are you safe?
that's what frank wants though on the Santa
anniversary of 9-11 be afraid be very afraid this seems to be a
issue today and for some time are you or we safer safer safer than what?
safer than we were during ww-2 with german subs off the coast
safer than during the Cuban missile crisis when cashier at ICBMs pointed
our way safer than a draft age male during vietnam
safer than when Nixon ruled question mark franken melbourne says i feel safe
i don't live in a gated community don't have a home security system i'm not
looking over my shoulder if terrier restart the bomb here like they have an
ironland or israel i'd be on the lookout for a bomber but i'm not scanning the
skies and cringing in fear way and it went over a plain flies over i'm not afraid or
scared to go out and live my life what i do fear is this bush
administration mr. ascroft i fear howla burtan and ron and i want to see
kennelay prep walked into a federal courthouse to face his day in court i want
to see a democrat in the white house and see newt gongrich bush
chaney rove kandy russian ascroft on a slow board out of here
lastly i hope our leaders don't declare national mind at eleven day it'll
turn into another party in decade like the fourth of july things like that
excellent fast frank here's an ex chronic in deer field who faxes and says
well we're gonna as water case juniors oh my god
i can't believe this can you believe that well that's at a county fair though
ride your hammer one eleven races at the york pa fair
water cases record attend victories on a single race card you twice at north
field fell uh you two's day well not exciting
hmm ride your hammer it's the hammer can you see the hammer in the
sculpture man talk about a drag that was funny anyway
ride your hammer he drives at the meadows and outside of Pittsburgh you know
where what's his name calls the races roger uh what's his name more
five or more let's see you know that pompous ass the loud the
ranger houston used to work at pompino park he better start writing all
these things down take notes an ex chronic in deer field faxes as i have what i
feel are some non mainstream radical ideas about the nine-legged incident
and the concept of memorializing the events is a patriotic display to be
carried out by the blind faith public remember the alamo remember the main
remember pearl harbor remember the world trade center it seems that the war
lords never tire of the same tactic and never hesitate to recycle the propaganda
yes i'm believing the existence of conspiracies and we're like to throw nine
eleven on top of the pile i can't remember when or why the label conspiracy
theorist became synonymous with raving lunatic as an avid reader of non-revisionist
history our long go came to the conclusion that there are very few
coincidental natural events there always seems to be a guiding hand to
persuade the events much like hurting the sheep to market two years after
the cataclysmic events of nine eleven the deceit has become the greatest
perpetration of license the political assassination of the sixties never
underestimate these stupidity of the american mainstream absolutely correct
they will never let you down just the frustrated disillusioned cynic living in
a cesspool of an intellectual desert rights and ex chronic in deer field thank you
so much good luck you sir we'll need it five six seven oh five sixty we're
doing screenless today no respect Scott to be answering the calls he's under a
hell of a lot of pressure he's under the table he's under the he's hiding
out of the table right now
real pansy no question about that's probably why i got the job
i'm calling wqa m home he prefers a company of men who doesn't qa m
yeah here logically speaking yeah how you doing pretty good
how you hanging they're hanging straight up can i see them we're talking about
the musselinis yes did i see them yeah see this more on five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line he's got a no
CM w.a.m. meal it's so hard
maybe he needs to get together with a last guy wqa m hello
hey yes sir i'm looking on cnn i figure pardon what's going on on cnn are you
looking i'm looking at it right now there's an old guy that's a commercial right
now with a pizza box there's some kind of firefighting i rack going on and all i
see is like a united states vehicles all on fire and everything well i got
news for you sir i'm seeing and right now in the middle of coercion
breaking lester hold us in msnbc so i don't know what cnn you're looking at
but good luck to us okay there's a firefight that's the same car at five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
maybe things i don't get cnn in here guess what pal i get all the networks i
got cnn plus i got cbc i got bbc i got spca what's on the cbc
before a long time to come oh it's Ruth and Max is another commercial see
if no matter what's going on we got to get the commercials in you better get with it
that's our motto here on qa m this the world could be coming to an end but it'll be
sponsored by somebody and we'll be giving a lot of promos ahead of time wqa m hello
hey neal how you doing pretty good sir i got the bad case is diarrhea papa bad case
yeah of the mouth go to qa and hold qa and hello two-hour radio down it's it's catching
yeah yeah yeah how you doing man okay am i coming on soon you coming on soon where you're
calling from what um from for them going to work right now okay let's go to for
lottery hello yeah man neal yes sir how you doing what's going on bro same old crap all right man
turn that off you guys go with it yeah well this is the deal man you luminaughty fuckery
okay that was good five how did we anticipate that my down five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Marla's line you better get him to call you back okay he's
obviously got connections we got call the type the kind you're looking for wqa m hello
i just home all radio this is home all radio yeah this is the home of home all radio wqa m hello
i'm so wasted these are the responses by the way from the people are like agitated which i
noticed i'm also moving up a little bit on the pool there about time to retire i'm moving up a
little bit that's the response we don't like this we're pissed off we can't stand here in the truth
you shouldn't be on here saying these things even though we don't god damn well that's the true
because it's too embarrassing or much yahu's but your mug wants they're forming it the
much just look at the way look at the way the lines are ringing you see what i'm saying you can see
it frantic frantic frantic that's the word they're ringing frantically that's just your ordinary
pedestrian ring seven more votes for six hundred by the way and a pool we still got an hour to go
to two o'clock holy Toledo as Rick weaver should be saying if he was still alive i bet you we
could prop up Rick weaver's body and the broadcast pool to do a better job than most absolutely
wqaam hello scott for else taxes and josh deros beacuse wqaam hello
screenless neo god great speaking neo i was watching cnn last night on the crawl they had on
the bottom i'm sorry headline news yeah rumsfield said that um iraq could become a great vacation
destination oh yeah mm-hmm i almost fell off my feet i could i mean where would you rather go
vagus if you want to go to a place where there's a lot of desert vagus or iraq
believe it well you know i used to have my neighborhood we used to have at least fifty seventy percent
flags up after the nine eleven thing and now i'm jogging this morning there was one flag
about a hundred ounce i mean he who could have screwed this up better we had the world the country
united we call it has been fighting terrorism now everybody hates this and yeah bro there you go
nice job w he may not be good but at least he's consistent hang in there pal wave that thing
proudly in the flag too he's waving it in the breeze five hundred and uh ninety three vote
storage we're gonna make uh we'll do it we'll get to six hundred you watch one in fact it wouldn't
surprise me i'm gonna refresh it right now ah that's refreshing yeah five ninety five or do we
i thought we just have five ninety oh five ninety three well come on new people can do better than
that let's get with it how did George do filling in the summer we're getting a humongous response
this is the important stuff forget about all this other window dressing
okay i listen hundred ninety nine one more for two hundred on that day you don't know i got two
hundred a month you're full of crap you're lying tell me there's Michael Bloomberg i like his
a TV channel i'm waiting for it to be uh oh see another that's a little slow because they're
jamming on five ninety nine you got two oh one for okay okay i listen off the light stop listening
one forty five week i rarely listen one twenty two great job best ever one oh seven and
fabulous time for Neil to retire twenty four four percent four percent say it's time for me to
retire don't forget play now below just Neil Rogers wqmi it'll get to me small bills large bills
wherever you got i'll take it not just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon
oh we're over come that's shown to be the lockers out on a haunted screen if she's gone too
hell when and she left when she should the night that Gary can't to give it to her but good
they were out on a date parking Gary star maybe Gary had gone just a little too far he showed up
the motor turned her her and said how about it baby i could use me some dead maybe that young
intern thought that that wasn't right but the cocktails in their system made them feel so
like she'll try for a moment and said you're low class that maybe true said Gary but I still want
you're real spectrum over where can that show to be she ain't been heard or seen for so many weeks
if she's gone too heaven then she left when she should the night that Gary can't to give it to her
but good squirt squirt when he woke up the next morning some troubles not around
though Gary had noticed his pants were still down he remembered her points into her hard
yes Gary finally got bored he wanted last night she had opened the door winked at him and said
all we back in just a little bit to a while then she took off after he blew her a kiss
and no one including Gary has seen her since well the fact is she's gone these facts made
not be right if somebody knows the truth well then the truth will be night
I want to give you a kiss 103 at 560 Joe Rose for the Ahmad Dogga to this afternoon
the late lineup change there 622 votes on a poll for a George or about George or even about me
how did George do this summer filling in okay I listened to it at 11
awful I stopped listing 143 149 George week I rarely listen to 125 great job best ever 113 and fabulous time
for Neil to retire 24 3.8% of 622 well over 600 you think we got a shot at 800 it's possible I
didn't think it was when you said it earlier we got a shot you get on their vote okay right now
that's not a request it's a demand okay I'm going to go to the white man from your comment deer
and I got bad news for Eric though his intentions were great he did the best he could he put the
link to the Robert Fist story the only problem is that when you click on the link
it goes back to the same thing with the UK independent where you like to subscribe to read the whole
article you you get the blurb part of it yeah so I think probably is my duty on my civic duty on
this second anniversary of 911 I am going to read the Robert Fist article again
from today's UK independent how do you like that all right
Robert Fist writes when the attacks were launched against the World Trade Center in the Pentagon
two years ago today who had ever heard of Fallujah or Hila when the Lebanese hijacker flew his
plane out of the ground in Pennsylvania who would have ever believed that President George Bush
would be announcing a new front line in the war on terror as his troops embarked in a hopeless
campaign against the guerrillas of Iraq who could have ever conceived of American president
calling the world to arms against terrorism in Afghanistan Iraq and Gaza
Gaza what do the miserable crust cruelly imprisoned Palestinians of Gaza have to do with the
international crimes against humanity in New York, Washington and Pennsylvania nothing of course
either does Iraq have anything to do with 11 September nor were there any weapons of mass
destruction in Iraq any El Qaeda links with Iraq any 45 minute timeline for the deployment
of chemical weapons nor were there any liberation know the attacks on 11 September I have nothing
to do with Iraq neither did 11 September change the world president Bush cruelly manipulated the
grief of the American people and the sympathy of the rest of the world to introduce a world order
dreamed of by a clutch of fantasists advising the secretary of defense Donald Rumsfeld the Iraqi
regime change as we now know as planned as part of a Pearl Wolfowitz campaign document
to the would be Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu years before Bush came to power
it beggars believe that Tony Blair should have signed up for this nonsense without realizing that
it was no more nor less than a project invented by a group of pro-Israeli American neo-conservators
and right wing Christian fundamentalists but even now we're fed more fantasy at Afghanistan it's
American paid warlords raping and murdering their enemies its women still shrouded for the most
part of their burkas it's open production now back as the world's number one export market and
its people being killed it up to a hundred a week five American troops were shot dead two weekends
ago is a success something which messes Bush and Rumsfeld still boast about Iraq a midden of
guerrilla hatred and pocket of resentment is also a success yes Bush wants eighty seven billion
dollars to keep Iraq running he wants to go back to the same united nations he condemned
as a talking shop last year he wants scores of foreign armies to go into a rack to share the
burdens of occupation though not of course the decision making which must remain Washington's
exclusive imperial preserved what's more the world is supposed to accept the insane notion that
the Israeli Palestinian conflict the planets last colonial war although all mentioned the illegal
Jewish colonies in the West Bank and Gaza been erased in the Middle East narrative in the American
press is part of the war on terror the cosmic clansher religious will that President Bush invented
after 911 could Israel's interests be better served by so infantile gesture from Bush
the vicious Palestinian suicide bombers and the grotesque implantation of Jews and Jews only
in the colonies has now been said in this colossal struggle of good against evil in which even
aerial shiron named as personally responsible for the 1982 Sabra and Shatilla massacre by Israel's
own commission of inquiry is a man of peace according to Mr. Bush and new presidents are set without
discussion Washington kills the leadership of its enemies with impunity it tries to kill Osama bin
Laden and Mullah Omar and does kill Uday and Kuseh Hussein and both of its prowess in liquidating
the al-Qaeda leadership from rocket firing drones it tries to kill Sodom and Baghdad and slaughter
16 civilians and admits that the operation was not risk-free in Afghanistan three men have now been
murdered in the West interrogation center at Bagram we still don't know what really goes on
in Guantanamo what do these presidents mean i have a dark suspicion from now on our leaders are
politicians our statesmen will be fair game too if we go for the jugular why shouldn't they the
killing of the when surgery over here at Del Mehla was not i think a chance murder Hamas is most
recent statements and since they've been added to the bush circus of evil we should take them
seriously are now more than ever personally threatening Mr. Shiron why should we expect any
other leader to be safe if yes or arafat is driven to exile yet again will there be any restraints
like that all of course america's enemies were grizzly bunched Saddam soled his country with
the masquerades of the innocence mullah Omar allowed his misogynist legions to terrify an entire
society in Afghanistan but in their absence we've created vanditry rape kidnapping guerrilla war
in anarchy at all in the name of the dead of 9-11 the future of the middle east which is what 9-11
was partly about that we're not allowed to say so has never looked bleaker or more bloody the
united states and britain are trapped in the war of their own making responsible for their own
appalling predicament but responsible to fit lives of thousands of innocent human beings cut to
pieces by american bombs in Afghanistan in a wreck shot down on the streets of a wreck by trigger
happy g-i's as for terror our enemies are closing in on our armies in a wreck and are supposed to
analyze and bag that in Afghanistan even in Pakistan we've done all of this in the name of the dead
of 9-11 not since the second world war if we seen folly on this scale and it is scarcely begun
that's the article by robert fiscan today's uk independent
says it pretty well if he asks me he's got his thumb right on it
5-6-7-0-5-60 pound 5-60 on the 18 and teen for rise line over again the lovely Miguel will have
our best and eel stuff for abandoned pet rescue at the in the q-m band at the shell station
share it in the street just west of i-95 from r-11 to 1 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. you're going to have a
big turnout sure of course we're else we better have a big turnout we don't get too good oh you
know what else we haven't heard about in a long time not only where the hell's Osama and we're
sawed him but we haven't heard too much about anthrax oh yeah yeah which we don't have that
person of interest you know he's got a hat full of trouble Stephen but we haven't determined
who sent all of that stuff out who killed cock robin who sent the anthrax who shot you mama
who shot the sheriff nobody q-m hey can speak to nil speaking hey nil i don't know if you remember
a couple months ago i moved to california so jaz leaving yeah um i'm actually in california now
on my floor to cell phone i just wanted to say hi to my parents back at the store they're probably
listening right now and i wanted to say i miss you and i i can never get home in time from school
to get you on the radio here in california so this is the first time i've been able to speak to you
since excellent uh i hope you had a good time in here in florida i'm loving it out here again
i want to say i love my parents thanks again nil i'll talk to you later good luck to pali okay and say
how to aldon california i'm having a great time here in florida 567.0560 pound 56 on the 18t
and Verizon wireless line wqa and hello k a n yes sir mo no no mo no mo no mo no mo no mo no
wqa and hello yeah nil i don't yes sir okay um excuse me something my throat that's okay
you can go out man uh thing you read before it's tremendous man that guy's great um he's been
I've been reading harpers for like 10 years and that guy really like kept me abreast of things you
know um you guys read on all the time um the other thing is uh you're talking about the rats the
other day and uh you got rid of him or i don't know what happened but didn't jory renoel
have to hit out like in the 50s with yeah rats in my room jory renoel's and tomi shan and rats in
my room that is correct i can't believe that you have a room right huh do you play that for us
today well what am i going to find that i can play it for you today where am i going to find that
thing it's from a hundred years ago oh it's right when he was only coming good like him pal
could i play that for him today i play with this go out and play with a rats is that incredible or what
no he made that call before what do you mean he made it before you forgot yeah okay
that's unbelievable oh yeah before when like about a hundred years when you first started talking about it
rats in my room jory renoel's and tomi shan and okay whatever you say i don't i don't
see i i have this ability i keep the important things in my brain like joe marty jr and chak with soda
and a happy trip given by ray krunk remember ray krunk who he trained my first horse
comets god and my second horse cometsaurus anyway what are we doing on there six forty two we
got a shot at eight hundred votes on a pool if everybody uh uh gets on it hop on it hop on
that pool maybe and don't slide too much maybe we'll go around a little bit how did jorge do filling
in this summer okay i listened to twenty one we like that awful i stopped listening one fifty three we
do not like that week i rarely listened one twenty seven we resent that great job best ever one
seventeen excellent and fabulous time for neil to retire twenty four and like i said the checks
keep coming there would be nobody in the world more pleased than me please this punch to quote
the late Horatio hubert Humphrey or was it the other way around pervert haratio well it makes no
difference because he's dead he had like that public death remember that the public dying of hubert
Humphrey no well he did anyway let me ask you this question right now how low do you think those
interest rates can go well a financial group is continuing to do it do that diddle around man
they're doing the limbo rock under the lowest we finance rate look at the much as come slide
right under your dough one point ninety five percent is how low they've gone so now you can
be finance your home or buy new home and get super low one point ninety five percent financing
with the national group call today when it outfied out what it's all about one eight hundred nine
four o'land one eight hundred nine four o'lea and if you're even thinking about refinancing
or buying real estate you really ought to be doing this wait to hear the kind of savings you're
gonna have if you get a hundred thousand allone you pay only three hundred and sixty eight bucks a
month if you have a two hundred thousand allone your payments are only seven hundred and thirty six
bucks a month jump change so call financial group right now two free get all the information about
it about one point ninety five percent financing because rates are at all time lows call financial
group one eight hundred nine four o'land that's one eight hundred nine four o'lea and baby sure
met tell me crusty old Neil totally to call the renequal housing letter credit restrictions apply
rates up to change monthly five point one nine eight five five and look up your sports video five
sixty two eight two eight eight
goes in on queer street right now
here
he lives on queer street linkers round on queer street
absolutely he has a house and garden i would love to see
here at the floor where all the creatures meet i wonder what they're doing is there
he said he likes to jump by
you know jute like i know
oh
he lives on queer street linkers around on queer street
six hundred and sixty votes on our how did George do this summer for the
land pool six sixty we got a shot of eight hundred you know just like
you're just in seven got a shot you don't think so no why not maybe seven maybe seven
oh i don't think it's gonna get to eight okay we'll see we'll see how this audience comes
through okay how emotional they are how whipped up into a frenzy there here's a poll terror laws
for threatened freedoms see an end poll while most americans don't feel they've lost individual
freedoms because of anti terror laws passed after nine eleven attacks two third say they
worry that this could happen in the future according to an ap pool the survey also found
sharply partisan differences in how people view attorney general john ascroft and ardent
supporter of anti terrorism laws that he says of an instrumental in preventing another attack
against the u.s about two thirds of respawn and say there's somewhat of very concerned about
the possible loss of freedom from such measures on a separate question thirty one percent so they
think people's legal rights have been violated by fifty eight percent so they hadn't and yada yada yada
yada about half of those polls say the bush administration's been about right and using new
electrified terrorism while twenty four percent say the government's gone too far eighteen percent say
it hasn't gone far enough oh the poll also found fifty one percent of people believe it'd be necessary
for average people to give up some individual freedom as part of the fight against terrorism and
to please those people who think the other start giving up their rights got good news for you
president bush told congress yesterday to untie the hands of law enforcement officials and arm them
with wider legal powers to combat terrorists aim the groups that struck america two years ago are
wounded but still dangerous he's specifically called for expanding use of the federal death penalty
tougher bail restrictions greater subpoena powers that he said are available for other crimes
such as drug trafficking and bezeling but they can't be used against terrorism
yeah the death penalty would have been very effective at nine eleven wouldn't it oh yeah
would have all those suicide bombers in the zillion the hijackers that would have deterred them on
this disparity in law makes no sense bush and the speech at the FBI academy in quattico verginia
bushes appeal through the white house in a way growing debate over the anti terrorism USA
patriarch enacted after the attacks of nine eleven credit state laws too intrusive and a
threat to civil liberties and fear that the administration is trying to pass a second version
of the measure in piecemeal fashion even some house and center republicans have talked about
rolling back portions of the patriot act i don't think tom braides to happy about it either after
last sunday for the sake of the american people bush said congress should change the law and give
law enforcement officials the same tools they have to fight terror that they have to fight other crime
bush acknowledge that not all members of all congress agree with the need to tighten law but he
said a lot of them do the white house indicated bush supports tougher laws in other areas beyond
the three instances he cited the a c l u said that further erosions of judicial oversight and the
basic checks and balances are the wrong path to take and they of course are absolutely correct but
nevertheless don't confuse the american people because we have to be safe
speaking to be in safe scientists who analyze the aftermath of the nine eleven two thousand one
attacks on the world trade center say that workers at ground zero suffered brutal effects from
the fumes coming out of the wreckage the day b repile acted like a chemical factory said professor
Thomas kehl of the university of california davis it cooked together the components of the buildings
in their contents including enormous numbers of computers and gave off gases of toxic metals
acid and organics for at least six weeks he said professor kehl held a research group which
collected over eight thousand air samples between the second and thirty of october two thousand and
one a mile away from the collapse trade center towers the group produced report on those samples
last year but has not come up with a much more detailed explanation of what went on after the
catastrophe when the towers burn and collapse tons of concrete glass furniture carpets insulation
computers and paper were reduced to enormous oxygen four day repiles that burned slowly till
the semen nineteen in that hot pile some of the constituent elements combined with organic matter
and abundant chlorine from papers and plastics and then escape to the surface as metal rich gases
these then either burned or chemically decomposed into very fine particles capable of
penetrating deeply into the human lungs the university be saying professor kehl and his
colleagues identified four classes of particles likely to damage human health fine and very fine
transition metals which interfere with lung chemistry sulfuric acid which attacks cilia and lung
cells directly very fine insoluble gas glass particles which travel through the lungs to the blood
stream and heart and high temperature organic matter many components which are known to be carcinogens
conditions would have been brutal for people working at ground zero without respirators slightly
less so for those working we're living in immediately adjacent buildings professor kehl said the
new date has been presented to the national meeting of the american chemical society in new york
what about the air in the bagged-ed you think that's a no oh yeah but who cares well i think
we probably don't even care about any of the Iraqi people or the men and women and children etc
they're probably about our troops over there do we care about them oh i forgot yeah not too much i
guess the ones that we've lied to so much and told them oh you'd be gone oh man no time at all
surprise five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T six hundred seventy one
will make seven hundred on there by the bottom of the hour you don't think oh by the bottom
yet well so that gives us like a half an hour for a hundred can we do it no well we'll see
what's the prize you wqa hello qa m of course i think that we were trying to play in here
we're just like we're facing we're hurting one more
okay we're going to qa m hello hi yes sir uh can i talk to you
me speaking hi um are you well eat the syria stuff a lefty a what a lefty for what for what
sick and my finger up your ass yeah five six seven oh five sixty righty for a sick and my right
foot up your ass though so leave a little room leave a little room at the end five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line wqa okay nice talking to that one
although an improvement over the previous two wqa m hello yeah we know wqa m hello
i'm not you know it's really interesting i just got you reading that fist thing again
right for all you c-span fans all you people think that we're going to save the world from
itself here on these stupid radio shows there you go there's south Florida man there's the
respawns there's the respawns it's like we can't handle it we're crumbling from the pressure
and i'm sitting here reading articles man i'm a schmuck i'm an idiot i'm an imbecile
here but i'm also making a lot of money so do i really care no not really how are we doing on that
George pool huh six seventy seven we're not even gonna make seven hundred by the bottom of the
hour the way these people are going six seventy nine never never make it they're at six minutes
less than six minutes to make another 20 of votes on there never happen very depressing the
morelizing as we continue our attempt to save the world from itself and mostly the world from
south Florida w-q-a-m hello w-q-a-m hello q-a-m hello
w-q-a-m hola two slow online ones w-q-a-m hi there yes sir
g-w is the king of the world and he's on a grand the queen you w-q-a-m hello
hello yes sir that's just a minute speaking
w-q-a-m hello hello yes sir how you doing there Neil pretty good hey how can you never
gotten the positive for what this for it it just in general how can you never ramp or any kind of
what do i want to do that over there now plantation that old part uh what's the name of the mayor
there forever i have no idea it was a hundred years old i don't know and i don't care about plantation
politics i really don't know i just hear it say that kind of a plantation i tell you though i'm
kind of a cut and pick and uh smith this derby five six seven oh five sixty i mean if it's just
it's just a mind-bottomium speechless aren't you yeah yeah speechless speechless yes well we know
you're speechless that's why you got the job so just dummy up by the way what numbers tie dummy
i told him you for the show oh my twenty and Stephen George knows it you know
sky gear you're tragic you're pathetic i guess he already knows it twenty six after one no
wonder clearance don't want to put him on a payroll okay me why plan that far ahead if you're
planning ahead for like losing some weight here's the answer for eighty lights away spoke uh you
know if you're any addkins or a lot of those of the low carb diets they work very effectively but
the key is you got to stay on and how do you stay on them all it's pretty difficult when you go
in the supermarket because even though you can get all the basics for the low carb diets in your
supermarket what do you get to munch on i know no smart comments munch on this at the lights they've
got over nine hundred low carb sugar heat products all kinds of things they help you stay on your low
and uh locale and low carb diet and continue losing that weight they've got all kinds of low carb
pastas sauces dressings chips chocolates the real famous carbolite ice cream be sure and try that
low carb instant cup of soup all you do is pop uh water in it stick it to microwave and you got
a low carb cup and a meal and four delicious flavors try the unbelievably delicious low carb
muffins for a quick breakfast they got the individual size cheesecake judy's low carb peanut
brittle carbolite rated rate chocolate and milkshakes zillions and zillions of great low
carb items all waiting for you you can try any of them by the way before you buy them and don't
forget all addkins brands products are on sale all day every day add delights you love shopping
in this store if you're looking for low carb low calorie joints they're open daily ten to ten you'll
find them on the northeast corner of glades in 441 right next to Boston market column toll free
one eight seven seven low carb or shop them on a wicked worldwide web at lowcarb.com that's the
lights of west book at your official atkins retail center my my and locals this is 4205 60
I looked up crannies well congratulations get a light so jasica this will be the first of many
interviews I just want to get the overview of your story right now okay how did you sustain your
injuries on the battlefield I wasn't really on the battlefield I was working in support and supply
bringing much needed ammo to her comrades in arms well we heard gunfire and our driver panic so we
collided with another company explosions everywhere my freedom truck was thrown mercilessly across
the highway of death at that point I was not unconscious ever focused I returned fire upon the
bloodthirsty dean actually in a split second I was flying through the air a weapon in the crash at
least I think after holding off the heathens for hours I succumbed to their cowardly attack actually
they told me I broke my ankle in the accident countless bullets piercing my legs but still
able to speak I approached my captors and I was unconscious met with their military leadership to
counsel them on the American way of democracy I was in a civilian hospital the whole time knowing
he was going to hell to dom himself came to my hospital and begged forgiveness in a desperate attempt
at the way that's that's not how the story went at all I mean well we don't care don't
mess with the details 132 at 560 wda 744 we did make 700 just a few seconds after 130 I
checked it out on my atomic clock okay oh what I thought it was pretty interesting we're not
gonna make 800 though you read about that we only got like 20 minutes 704 votes so on there maybe
seven pity pretty emotional about George and the performance he did this summertime pretty emotional
about the calls the last few minutes two they've been really special uh more in doubt right because
I'm uh you know all the pope pope unable to complete speech aren't you upset about that on weeping
and you'd think he'd be feeling a little bit less pain these days because we all know that
the pub's pub's down but it don't seem to be a doon the desired job the probe showed
sides of exhaustion as he began a four day visit to Slovakia they was unable to complete his
opening remarks the 83 year old leader the world's brilliant catalyst appeared short of breath and
arrival speech in badly slurred voice early on in the speech he lost his place and asked an aid
to read most of the recipe for finishing the last paragraph himself he corrected himself several
times for stumbling on the words on other foreign visits aids are had part of his speeches for the
pope but never his arrival text Slovakian president premise or ensuring well wishes waving
small Vatican flags greeted the pope as his plane touched down it brought us lava's airport
among the crowd were gay and lesbian activists protesting what they can tell is a growing intrusion
of the church in public and private life too much intrusion in a pubic life by disfreaking
parabissing a Catholic church and this old lacustre the ca- uh a pope marine downrights now see
I either could take a lot of calls this last 26 minutes sure since it is the second anniversary of
9-11 we look to get the tremendous input from the doctorate audience where I could read the
marine down column also talk about the benefit wedding being postponed I'll give you even a they've
even come up with a name for it Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez Benifer I mean does this tell you
already need to know the benefit countdown came to a screeching holiday yesterday with only three
days left the bride and groom called the whole thing off I can't imagine why they call off the
whole thing that's H.O.L.E. Ben 31 and J.L.O. 33 planned to say I do a 3 p.m. Sunday in Santa Barbara
California the guest were thought to number 400 the gown was said to be Vera Wang
Park your magic wang or froggy flowers cake music all were in the works all next cake the news
first reported by entertainment tonight access Hollywood yesterday afternoon caused gossips the
gas from coast to coast from pillow to coast the couple's reason the media friends ages got
in too big plus you got to look at it and she said you call that a penis when we found ourselves
seriously contemplating hiring three separate decoy brides at three different locations we decided
something was arrived Ben said Jen said in a joint statement he said she said it said we began to
feel that the spirit of what should have been the happiest day of our lives could be compromised
but wait it says these are movie stars who should have known what to expect so speculation
immediately ranged on from they still went on Sunday in Santa Barbara this is a plurr
off the media they'll look this weekend or some other time they actually have split will not be
or they're both a couple of facts i mean or it's all just a big put on in who the hell cares
and we're sick and tired of this am i right about that absolutely oh my god benefit
help us please somebody throw us a life raft we're drowning over here with this crab marine
downrights we're not happy campers today New York times he says the Saudi religious police are
harassing Barbie we had that story yesterday by the way the commission for the promotion
of virtue and prevention devices warning that the Jewish dolls banned in Saudi Arabia for a decade
are a threat to Islam the AP reported that a message posted on the Mutna was website
cited Jewish Barbie dolls with a revealing clothing and shameful postures accessories and tools
are a symbol of decadence to the perverted west let us be aware of her dangers and be careful
this from a hypocritical desert kingdom with more lingerie stores and its mausole and victory has
secrets it's probably useless to start correcting me in bread Saudis on a pack of a German flusy
doll the place is so eager to protect itself from Jewish toys and the perverted west the breeding
ground of the nine-legged hijackers is still the Bush administration's close ally well some have
been raven surging the muslim world to pursue a jihad against America even as America pursues a
GWT in the muslim world GWT is how some Pentagon documents before the global world war on terror
they're out to get us and we're out to get them far from being the swift and gratifying lesson in
U.S. dominance the changing company predicted are encouraging into a record turning into a spun-out
scary lesson in the dangers of hubris democrats are combing through the twenty billion dollar part
of the white house request involving rebuilding Iraq trying to make sure that there isn't any
halibut and hanky panky i've actually gone to the point where i hope dick chain is in broad
and a clancy-esque conspiracy to benefit halibut because if it's not a conspiracy it's not
a fta in ideology and that means our leaders have used goofball logic and nausea assumptions
to trap the country into a cock-eyed replay of the crusades that could drain our treasury and
drain our military for generations without making us any safer from terrorists and they'd be putting
us more at risk a nine eleven second anniversary seven and ten americans still believe that
Sodom had a role in the attacks even though there is no evidence of it according to washington post
poll that's because the president has done his level best to conflate nine eleven and Sodom
and did so again this speech on sunday night Iraq never threatened u.s. security push officials
cynically attack the villainous country because they knew it was easier than finding the real not
eleven villain who had no country and now they're hoisting their own canard by pretending
Iraq was crawling without kada they've created an Iraq crawling without kada as donald rumsfeld finished
up and up the talk at the national press club here yesterday brushing off hecklers and calling
the global war on terror were well begun cable-beginnering fresh flinstones video of osama bin laden and
al-man al-zawari encouraging the Iraqi and Islamic fighters to bury american troops and send them
to their mothers in coffins the bush teams logic before the war was infuriatingly hell arrest
and it still is mr. rumsfeld who was so alarmed about Sodom's wmd before the war is now so
nonchalant that he said he didn't even bother was david k who runs the c.i.a. search for wmd in Iraq
what progress he'd made when meeting with him in Iraq last week i have so many things to do with
the department of defense when we told the washington post after the press club our intelligence
aimless did not predict the extent of a ratch's decayed infrastructure rummy said dismissively
they were worrying about more important things yeah like how to get to chaniel their backs
testifying before the senate on twos day on the eighty seven million dollar request tall wolf
awaits the pentagon official who pushed so hard to own a rack in control it said we have no
desire to own this problem or to control it there may not be much choice given
colon paul's pessimistic warning to congress yesterday that no allies want to help us pick up the tab
for rebuilding a country full of people who reveal us i never thought i'd say this but watching
dan quayles marble bust unveiled yesterday at the capital soon to join john adamist tomis
depers and spirul agnew i was not stouted for the days when murphy browns baby amounted to a serious
mess right to bring it marine doubt as nade york time that great she's great in the sunshine state
and the public out there is going like that like that like that that's it that's our
thought of for you man a wasteland assess pool as shabby human scumbag whole but i hope you
it's twenty twenty seven you know what that is it's like eighty one not a cloud this guy
how about that twenty two we got the mad dog out today he's having another uh
bustman's holiday doing it the way we like to do around here but we got joe rose he's got a big
hard on he's going to be filmed in for the mad dog from two to four to seven the humbers in
the studio four to seven with a bino cook show five to six what i was sure loud i like that
let me try it again basic you got the hurt can hotline seven nine joe zagaki dot bayley julienne
to beast a whole bunch of uh childish people then you got any canine to tell and joe and marks
because the childish over night two to five in the morning but they're good guys it is childish
you love their show and then of course it's no absolutely the ip sportsbook dot com south load
as best sportsbook invites you to come and plunge in peace everybody deserves a little p ip
plunge in peace not having to worry about whether you're going to see your money again and of course
on our station right now we've got about forty five thousand about thirty man a sportsbook trying
to get your money out of your pocket ninety nine percent of these bookies are located in the jungles of
Costa Rica and Guatemala and they got out one all kinds of tenth world countries you're probably
never hear from them again that's why you ought to be switching to vip sportsbook dot com real class
real dependability real uh reliability they're the oldest the largest sportsbook in the netlands
hundred percent legal and license to listen to me call vip sportsbook dot com right now at one eight
six six vip bets their south florida's best hands down your pants sign up now you can bet all the
south florida football and basketball teams juice free all year long you let them in the dolphins
a suckers board every minute it's a hundred to win a hundred you let them in the hercones next
time they play some little girl school it's a hundred to win a hundred so forget about the big
all sign up skit that twenty percent cash bonus been telling you about to not some silly funny
money match play bonus but the real thing a twenty percent cash sign up bonus vip sportsbook dot com
that's where you find them online or you can call them to tool free to plunge in peace one eight six
six vip bets that's one eight six six vip bets when you call be sure and tell me heard about it
right here on the home of all the gambling degenerates q a m vip sportsbook dot com where you be the
vip
suck it in and hold it
in the string of 92 like the string before you had done the interview
you heard a rumor all the angel was spelled it was a time i remember all so well
the
got
The old man was a dangerous cow.
Oh she lived in our TV.
Had a child out of weblock.
His blue dance reality.
Now he's wandering.
It pulls on a clown.
Had a hand in break and nothing come on me down.
Working dirty now after a explain.
When did he grow to become an agent for South of the sea?
The night that we watched her get round.
All of those were living, but now that we watched her get round.
It's water singing.
Your guilt will soon.
But maybe for now that she's taken part too.
147 at 5.60 WQM Joe Rose coming up at 2 o'clock.
As we're in the home stretch here, you're right.
We're not going to make 800 but.
734 votes on there.
Not too shabby.
A spectacular outpouring of emotion and content and disgust and affection and well.
Whatever.
A wide range of oceans for little George.
Who never suspected when we first came to QM that he ever even be doing a talk show.
No.
And one day I sat down and I don't remember when we started.
Do we do like tapes the first vacation or not?
I don't know.
I don't remember.
But I do have that.
I remember those awful times down there on the second floor and that awful awful grotesque smelly nasty of.
Whatever that building is.
Yeah.
That's the Tanner building.
Oh, sure.
I mean, down on the second floor, it's bad enough on the third floor there, but on the second floor was unfit for human habitation even a rats move out.
Those were the good old days if you recall.
No, those were the bad old days.
Why would they do good old days is when we had the whammy guy thing people in there and before that.
And nothing was working.
Whammy.
Got it sucks.
That's true. We were alone. Nobody was bothering us.
We actually had our own studio. They weren't coming in and dicking with all the equipment.
That part of it's true. All the equipment didn't work anyway.
Right.
Right.
I think the best part of that whole deal was like the weeks leading up to going on a year.
Like right after Duff call and said, oh Greg wanted me to tell you that the studio isn't going to be ready by the summer 30th.
And I said, well, tell him that if the studio is already I'll be on some other station on the summer 30th because that's when I'm going back on here after getting paid seven months not to work.
Yeah, I'd have packed some people.
That wasn't the only one. There were lots of good ones.
Oh, yeah. The quonset hut, the trailer.
Right.
Anyway, those weeks that we were spending in there working just doing our own thing putting all the stuff on those mini discs. Remember that?
Oh, yeah.
And then of course we finally got the DCS which arrived in parts from Philadelphia because they certainly were going to buy a new one where they are.
Oh, no.
From their station in Philadelphia and arrived like there a couple of days before and then hours and days and weeks of working over a goddamn hut, the computer.
Putting all that stuff.
And of course after seven months being paid vacation there from Paxon when we came back on the air we had like all that neat new cramp.
Yeah, you know, yeah.
And I would say out of all of the things that we had probably the most lasting and the most significant was.
This is Debbie.
Hi, Debbie.
I'm interested in going through operations done.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
And I was wondering if you had some tummy tuck and lip augmentation cosmetic vest.
Since I first hit all of these things.
And those wondering.
What would you like to start with?
Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No. Could you do breast implants though?
It can't be done but they don't know if they would do it right away.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
How much?
5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too.
Layser surgery.
Have the lambs stop crying yet, mommy?
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first.
And there's one looking at you. We can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
If you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Or should I make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay. There is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Okay.
My name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay. Let me get a little information from you.
Mommy.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for consultation?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
Would you like to make it appointment?
Or do you want to call me back?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I got my skin suit nipple I'd like to see.
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay, I will talk to you in the time, okay?
It puts a lotion in the basket.
No.
So like I said, it had its moments.
743 votes, he will do over 7 feet.
Pinks says hi, by the way.
Who does? Hank.
Oh, hi, hopper. How you doing?
Is he in there? Oh, he's in the hallway.
Oh, he's in the hallway. I hate him. Love you. Love, hold Hank.
And boys, he got a good scam. I mean, he actually is doing a whole three hour show today.
Although, he's got the one hour of bino cook, so it's like, and that's easy.
It's like falling off a log.
But, uh, yeah, Hank's gone. He's got a town pat mad dogs off today again.
We got it going on QAM. I've taught these people well.
My students, my disciples.
Less work, more pay.
Work a couple hours here, a couple of days a week, go off to Vegas, go to the Bahamas,
take a few months off here, and that's the way to do it.
You know, as much as we belly, I can complain when it comes to the bottom line.
Seriously, of course not for you, because you could pay crap and treat it like garbage, but beside that,
for some of us, those of us big fat celebrities, mostly fat, we're doing pretty damn good, you know.
Mm-hmm.
And you're, you know, you suck it off some good freebies here and there.
Here they're. Once it wants in a great while.
743 votes. I'm sure it's probably close to 750 right now.
Let me take a puke. Do we do the break?
Come on, look at that. Now they're jamming up on there. That's why it takes so long for this to a refresh.
Ah, it was refreshing though. 746.
How did George do filling in this summer? Okay, I listened to 156.
Awful, I stopped listening 177. Awful, George.
Mm-hmm.
Week, I really listened to 152. Great job. Best ever, 136.
Fabulous time for Neo2. Retire!
25. 3.3%.
Like I said, don't expect much.
Seriously, 10 bucks a year from each listener out there, and that's all I had.
Just for the rest of my life, and yet I'm an old fart anyway.
I might croak next week. The fart years.
Although my parents both lived in 90 and was still alive.
I just meant that it was a warning, okay?
So if you're going to make a commitment, at least they'll continue for another 20 years.
10 bucks. I mean, how much is that?
10 bucks a year. Mm-hmm. For 20 years.
200 bucks to get me off the air. I think it's a piece of cake.
Cake?
154 at 560. WDQ, I'm no forget we got a van.
And then, if QM van will be at the Shell Station Sheridan Street just right by on 95 there tomorrow on Hollywood.
11 a.m. to 1 p.m. and Gal will be there our best in the merchandise.
Bring lots of cash. Okay, one of these a lot of money tomorrow.
You know, by now you may hear me talk about Laminits Arustin and how Laminated Wood Flooring from Laminits Arustin is the easy the smart,
the low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring, which is so damn expensive.
Laminits Arustin is the best place to find Laminated Wood Flooring from the top names in the universe.
They got them all. Peridot, Pergo, Wilson Art Unifloor, and Quick Step 2.
All the top names all installed by Pergo certified installers.
Here's another real great reason why I got to be called Laminits Arust.
The prices are so low it'll probably flow you right now.
You can get their September kickoff special for just $1995.
That is absolutely correct.
Just $1995 gets you up to 380 square feet of beautiful, Laminated Wood Flooring.
It is positively and light bulb.
And Laminits Arust will match any legitimate written offer too.
For a free in-home estimate call Laminits Arust toll free new obligation
to on the crusty ancient deal to it.
You call 1-877-773336.
What could be simpler?
They give you free corporate disposal, free furniture moving,
a 25-year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy care Laminated Wood Flooring.
So check this out. Call Laminits Arust today.
toll free 1-877-773336.
Fire the local, this is $6560.
Radio's all yours now.
Piu-ian.
Tiliac, losing I am dead now.
I gotta remember when I was alive.
I will listen to the radio.
I can't worry when it's about to out.
Oh!
You're man.
If you're feeling for place.
I said you're man.
Once it date your own set.
I said you're man.
Here's what you must do next.
If you want to practice your fake young man.
There's a place she can chill.
I said you're man.
If you're a $3 bill.
You can't break that.
And then you make a bird.
They won't treat you like a bird bird.
Expensive way at the best.
expenditure credit money for all today.
Expensive way everywhere.
Expensive way everywhere too.
Expensive way at the best.
Expensive way at the best.
You can worship in peace. You can marry a girl named Steve.
A bitch, a culture. It's fun to stay at the best.
A bitch, a culture. Yeah.
Alright.
Young man, young man. We will let you run in.
Young man, young man. We sing shows who's not here.
Well, this has been a breath of pressure today. If you ask me, I'll tell you on this end of the show, I give it about a 55 on a scale of two, you know what?
Let me make you over and pat myself on the back. Nice going, Neil.
Yeah, good.
Thank you. Not bad.
Callers just sucked pretty all the earlier in the show. We had a lot of good calls, you know what?
Right. So don't press your luck.
Time's up.
I'm not talking for me though.
760. I'll just pretend I didn't hear him.
762. How did George Duder in the summer?
Okay, I listened to 63. Offal, I stopped listening 182.
Week, I rarely listen 154. Great job. Best ever 137.
Fable list time for Neil to retire.
26. Keep those checks coming, baby. The little dog, whatever the dog is named.
Bye, bye, bye.
Thank you for your show. I'm 560. He's a huge fan.
I'm fighting for Leonardo.
He's got a big heart on.
He's got a heart on.
Heart is moving.
World of interest and football.
