The late Neil Rogers coming up next, you have a nice weekend in paradise everybody on QAM.
Hey, cross that hood, Lowe.
This is South Florida's only real swan to get under a hood.
I'm gonna get rid of this fellow.
Peace and broadcast group station.
On at www.quam.com
Not that baby back home.
Don't walk outside but I think on the side of your head hangin' down like that.
Either you bestie.
Right.
I've got something to tell you all family.
Oh, quick, go get the other thing, Gordon.
The mills close.
There's no more work.
Weigh destitute.
Come in my little house.
I've got no option but to sell you all for scientific experiments.
No, no, that's the way it is my love.
They aim the Catholic church.
They're not letting me wear one of those little rubber things.
Oh, they've done some wonderful things in their side.
They've preserved the might and majesty even mystery of the Church of Rome.
From the sanctity of the sacraments,
the indivisible oneness of the Trinity.
But today let me wear one of those little rubber things on the end of my c**.
We won't be in the mess we are now.
Couldn't only have won some sort of festivity.
Not if we're going to remain members of the fastest growing religion in the world, my boy.
You see, we believe.
Well, let me put it like this.
There are Jews in the world.
There are Buddhists.
There are Hindus and Mormons and then.
There are those that follow Mohamads and Buddhists.
I've never been one of them.
I am a Roman Catholic.
I'm happy things before I was born.
And the ones they say about Catholics
They'll take you as soon as you're warm.
You don't have to be a thing for them.
You don't have to have a great brain.
You don't have to have any clothes on your
A Catholic from Mohamads that came.
For it's because
Every sparm is sacred.
Every sparm is great.
If a sparm is wasted, God gets quite irate.
Every sparm is sacred.
Every sparm is great.
If the sparm is wasted,
Morghians, wise are raised.
Let the people feel that
On the dusty ground.
God should make them pay
For each turn that can't be found.
Every sparm is wanted.
Every sparm is used.
Every sparm is sacred.
If you're never moved.
I've been to Taoist Mom
Still there just anywhere.
Lord God, those of dreams
Then Sieben will walk there.
Every sparm is sacred.
Every sparm is sacred.
No doubt.
Every sparm is sacred.
God gets quite irate.
Every sparm is sacred.
Every sparm is gone.
Every sparm is sacred.
In your night my rose.
Every sparm is used.
Every sparm is fine.
Lord gets every sparm.
Son, son, son, and son.
Son, son.
Son, son, son, and son.
Son, son, son, and son.
He's my son, son.
Son, son, son, brought me here too.
Son, son, thousand Quran.
Oh But yeah, that's it
It's got a short go home 906 at 560 WC I haven't even sat down yet
barely got my ass on the scene already he's
up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up
and also the traffic thing comes on and and you do understand I'm getting pre-delayed and if you can hear the way it sounds pre-delayed and if you can hear the way it sounds pre-delayed and if you can hear the way it sounds pre-delayedack.
Mark Morgan, you know and oh geez I just about crawl off the chair just pop off of that thing and then when he says gets to the end it says,
oh, Q-A-M oh Jesus God mark just tone it down a little bit baby early in the morning we don't want to be shocked at a bed like that,
Q a M Jesus lean back a little okay back away
I'll mark more good and I'm boobshabi. Hey, I'd love to sit here. They'll do a ball game together. You know, when that be great
It's the top of the third. What do you think can they do a mark? Hey, no problem on Q a M
Anyway, what do I do in that four because I enjoy it?
Enjoy them a lot. They're great. I like boobshabi's a good guy. We love boob
He's a great kind. He didn't get any of the weight back that asshole. I called that day. We hate you sir. We despise you
You miserable prick now mark Morgan. I know he could be a pretty good guy
He's just a puker. That's all out of guys in the business. They're pukers
Here's our pool for yesterday. Let's get right to it
We got a lot of business to take care of today. We're gonna get a thousand calls in you mark my words
Huh mark Morgan? We got Joe Rose for the little dog today for the big for the mad dog
I can't keep my dog straight and then we got Hank at three in the building now Hank came in yesterday
We had quite a discussion about these stand-to-cup playoffs didn't even come in to say hi
He's so embarrassed about his lack of knowledge about the great sport of hockey red wings get beaten three over times last night by Anaheim and
Brian Murray that might be duck. Oh boy two to one. What do you mean by that over time? Yeah, that's right
Exactly, but that isn't the overtime that was talking about did they get a point for that?
Anyway, yeah, a lot of upsets Washington beats the a lightning there in Tampa 3 nothing
They were in a comod lightning except for Vince the Vincey boy Vinny Le Cavalier. He was good
Holy the goalie made a couple of big saves, but under that tap it and show up. They missed a team bus to the arena over there
Almost every lots of upsets baby and of course tonight we got game two and filled it off you man
May believes they better show up tonight the ones that still can play
Either through health or just in ineptitude
Like for example, Aki Bergen, Yerke Lume ineptitude
1188 votes. I'm sure it's more than that now, but I can't we don't have time to popski around with it
We asked yesterday now that the US has taken over Iraqi radio and TV
What should be the first show on the year and of course in a very self-serving way the audience said the near Roger show 273 votes
We'll take it. No go bet. Why the hell not why not pat yourself on the back of the knee
South Park movie 169 Jerry Springer show 98 Baywatch 79 that put a smile under pus
Osborne 66 he ha 50
Phil Huntby show 48 okay
I dream a genie 47 Saturday night live 41 Benny Hinn 37
Let's watch Betty Hinn and they go to Benny Hannes. Are they still around Benny Hannes? I guess they are
I think they are they put on a hell of a show. I mean the food is good at Benny Hannes
But they they give you like little tiny like for a pigeon, you know
So go there and then after when you're finished say okay, what do we now after the shit floor show?
You know go someplace else for a dinner now. It's very good. They just give you a very tiny portions and an increments
Think of it like a little appetizer than a little this all in the family had 30 to go show and Hogan's heroes also had 30
Are you hot? No, you sure not 29 American Idol 22 prices right had 20 they would love to see old Bob Barker
They'd like to spin that wheel in fact maybe Miguel can go over there
We could let him you know join the the Arigis parade. We can let him spin the wheel for some QM prizes for them Q a M prizes
Oprah 16 wild on had 16
The Jefferson's 15 Culliante 13. Yeah, let's put some spict shows on over there
They'll really change their tune Dallas 11 happy days also 11 guns smoke
Head 10 I think they seem enough of that a passions 9
By the way Sheridan what's your name again McGinsey McKenzie what Westmore McKenzie Westmore McKenzie dash Westmore dot com
She's got her own website the beautiful blonde at place Sheridan on passions
So these are real macho guys that will don't want to be caught watching the soap opera
But really want to you know take a puke at what she looks like she is hot man
McKenzie dash Westmore dot com and none of those pictures really do her justice for justice. We must go to Tabitha
Tom Green show seven
Bedtime for Bonzo five three scum and a three and mod had three that was the pull yesterday
What should we let the Iraqi people the ones who aren't busy shoplifting and looting?
I guess you can't call it shoplifting because the shops aren't open for business. They're just slumping crap
They're sloughing stuff here's our poll today. We're gonna need a lot of help on this one
Before we get to the pool here's a fact that intercepted came on a wrong machine came for us
But it says Hank, but I think it's appropriate for us to it says
I hope they're reading our gust of never stop so the bigots in Georgia can stick the masters up their ass
Excellent fact that we intercepted on our machine
Yeah, stick it up your ass hoody and all the people that support you too, okay? I don't want to mention no names
On this station. Oh, yeah, the mad dog was going on hysterically yesterday about these broads and blah blah, you know
Like the guy said yesterday. It's it's a tradition. Oh, that wasn't it. What is it? It's hallowed ground
It's hallowed ground you don't understand mo. It's hallowed ground. Oh god. Will you people grow up with your golf?
silly people and checkered pants remember that have you ever seen pictures of the old-time golfers the Scotsman?
Yeah, yeah, with the hats with a little ball and the pants made this kilt look normal
The the baggy pants that flare away. I uh, oh my god. Are you kidding me? That's what a real man is up makes me feel real butch
I'll tell you
Makes me feel like hercules anyway
We'll do the real pull in a second for today and then we'll take a lot of thousand real quick calls
Get into some heavy-duty bedtime stories got that good one on the
By the way the sickest story of the day is that GI wives getting the host casually calls off
What what I would like to do to those people that are making those calls
Now what's that great story about the um
Halliburton contract we got that a lot of good stuff
Be sure and check out our website if you want to see some really gruesome pictures. Who was that in the doorway there?
Zach interrupting me now how many of those pizzas did you eat you fat tub yesterday anyway?
He ate five pizzas and he's serious. He's laughing about it now. Look at that. He's getting all the way back
Why look the booty? You don't rub the stomach you rub the top of the head not the poop it. Okay, you idiot
Yeah, he's rubbing both now go rub your ass by the way says most of puss
I'm sorry. I don't want to get you fired. He did say that though
913 at five he hates you mo of course everybody else does too. So you're like, you know, it's not like you're an exception
Hey, let me tell you about a place you'll love if you're a diet or that's the likes of Westboker
By the way, we do want to hope for the best for poor Dr. Bob. It's not looking to bid Dr.
Rankins took a wicked fall on the ice in the york and hit his head on the pavement. Oh
nasty critical condition
Anyway, we don't need Dr. Bob around if you're on the atkins diet just his books right that's the legacy he'll leave because sooner or later one day
He'll die anyway, but his books live on and if you're on the atkins diet
He likes a Westbook is a story we're gonna love because the whole story is dedicated to people on low-carb sugar free diets
The likes of Westbook is your low-carb super store coming in trouts of their newest bakery products like
Chocolate cupcakes and brownies by control carb with only one effective gram of carbs per serving and great taste
And don't forget to like some credible selection of low-carb pasta and sauces
They got some of the best pasta sauces you've and well almost no carbs amazing
Dressings cheesecake chocolates and their famous software of carbolite ice cream at the likes of Westboker all atkins brand products
Here some of the best news are 25% off today next sookas all day every day
Stop by talk of their staff who know what the atkins and all the other diets inside and out and don't forget they're open seven days a week
You'll find them on the corner of
They're open by the way 10 to 10 10 and aim to 10 to 10
Locate on the northeast corner of blades in 441 right next to Boston market column at 1 877 low carb or shop them on the web
If you like it low-carb.com please take this place out. You'll love it the lights of Westboker your official atkins retail center
Sports radio 560
What's the matter with lesbian golfers can't you tell we really love hit new balls?
The only thing that separates us from the men is the country clubs bathroom stalls
Let my girlfriend also daddy choose the film on the book she called me
Must die that five-tuney taco. All right. Still ladies golf to me
My favorite whole it doesn't have any number agree or a fairway
Don't fret me cuz I'm a snapper lapper. I play golf and I'm gay
Me tea time got heart in clubhouse
Let's me golf is the only time to tug out on day. Let's play L. U. G. A. Still a golf to me
And right is this great chips it on my face. It's still ladies golf to me
But I can see I'm on time a great day. You're looking a little bit better feeling better today good
He was under the weather the other day. I think a moza piece bit him on a cheek 918 at 560 WQ. I am
Okay, here's the pull question today. Let's get with it. Okay, cuz yesterday we did and look at how we were like only about
1200 votes on there
That's okay for an overnight pull
But we've been moving way up in a world over that, you know 14 of the day, right?
Definitely, I mean especially since George is out this week
I mean now don't be starting pick it on him again. You should hear what Carlos was saying about him before the show today
Just ripped him an ass can help myself. Yeah, well you were true. Well everything you said was right now
Here's the pull question today. Who do you think has the biggest ego and we need some help from the audience on this because I don't have a long list and
Somebody made a good point here today was yesterday morning when Mo was talking about I played the course 11 times and I you know
He's played it twice the broadcast 11 times from Augusta well
Congratulations Giddleife is Jennifer Remwood say you know who cares? Did you have say it again today? No, I wasn't listen
I wasn't paying attention to him this morning. I was waiting in fact. Yeah, I didn't hear what he said all he talked about was Michael Michael motorcycle
Michael Jordan this you know
Come on already it's old stuff
We had the hockey playoffs last night a triple overtime and a high-muppets Detroit
Of course Detroit lost the first two to Vancouver last night in a one-four in a row
But and then of course St. Louis shots out Vancouver
Six-nothing right there in Vancouver BC. They must have smoked too much of that good stuff
I'm gonna get a hold some bad stuff and he's on air about Michael list and Michael
So he was self-aggrandizing again. So he's the first name on list. Mo Howard David big astigal
Steve Mr. Ego Kane
Near Rogers I'll put myself on here even though I have no ego and that's the free-con truth if I did I'd be glad to tell you
Although this is a great show a George Rodriguez and that was Carlos has been a boy suggesting yesterday
He's put George on there. He's got a real swell head
Donald Rumsfeld
Hermann Gearing Jr
Definitely got a gigantic and a scary ego. I mean he's frightening and Hank Goldberg
I put him on her just you know because people like taking shots at Hank and plus he never came in here and discussed hockey with me
Huh and that's all I got I mean can you think of anybody any a well-known person that's got a massive ego the things
Their stuff don't stink there's got to be a whole bunch of don't say it because that'll take the fun away from the audience
They like building these pools, but we'll get to when we feel like it because I got a lot of good stuff here man
But this story really frost my ass more GI wives get host casually calls
Camp Pendleton can't pendleton California wives of Camp Pendleton Marines involved in the war in Iraq
Have been receiving crank calls from individuals claiming to work for the Red Cross who regretfully and falsely
Inform that they're spouses of it again killed in action. I'm tongue tied because they just can't believe it
Yeah, right very funny
In a statement Camp Pendleton remind reminded military families that genuine casual
Notifications are not made by phone or by the Red Cross
Individuals falsely identifying themselves as Red Cross representatives have made prank calls to Camp Pendleton spouses claiming that their loved ones overseas have been killed
The Marine Corps does not utilize the Red Cross for casual notification
Marine Corps Navy representatives conduct all casually notifications in person for Camp Pendleton
I honestly can't even fathom someone that would that mentality a marine wife named Julia told the San Diego Union Tribune yesterday
I can't even go there in my mind. I would assume a young spouse could believe that kind of call and her world could be shattered
Just six six six six six six six man
Frost my ass
Also if you want to have your ass frosted too those of you people like only selected images
You know the ones that make you reinforce whatever you want to believe I mean we saw the thing with a dragon
The statue down a couple of days ago and we even did a play by play on it here
We had some fun with it. I was it was great. You couldn't help but be impressed with that
But that's only part of it
So you can go to neorodges.com today only if you have a strong stomach if you're if you're grossed out by a very graphic
images of the truth of what reality is then don't look at that
Just skip that part where we got all those pictures
gruesome gruesome horrendous
uh, oh and
That we also have thanks to a beener boy a
List of all the names of American POWs and casualties
Name age where they're from so we can put a name behind and in other words make it real as opposed to just having a
Be a statistic on a page somewhere, you know one out of a hundred or whatever the hell numbers eventually gonna be
Anyway, here's the facts from Paul and for Myers who says he wanted to suggest Beverly Hill believes for the list yesterday
We left that out. Sorry Paul. You're you're right. That would have been great. Huh? See what I'm see what the deep South is all about
But see what about 60% of America's read all about all those red states, you know around the edges
The red states come on Easter
Oh the high cost of bush bashing
It's got a couple of stories about that
Joanne your graphilo's relentless bashing that would that call her Joanne?
Jeanne whatever name is Jeanne Graffalo's relentless bashing a president bush just might have doomed her ABC sitcom reports the New York Post
Graphilo said to play producer of a TV news magazine on slice or life
But ABC's been dead leads with calls and emails from viewers
Threading the boycott that I work in its advertisers if the sitcom gets on a schedule
We don't wish to see the faces of liberal Hollywood especially those that provided aid and comfort to Saddam Hussein one
Protester John Alpharez emailed ABC one of your people probably a beener will stand up and fight for a right to request of exclusion from the shows and sponsors that seek our attention
ABC reps had no comment
Graphilo declared to the Washington Post in January and one of her many outbursts the words a manufactured conflict for the sake of
Geopolitical dominance and on and on she went there's no evidence of weapons of mass destruction and so far
She seems to be a correct but nevertheless don't confuse these people of the truth and certainly don't let her express herself
And stung by anti-war criticism from Tim Robbins and Susan Sarandon here again talk about Bluenos assholes
The baseball Hall of Fame has canceled a 15th anniversary celebration of the film Boulder
I'm that was to feature the co-stars
bunch of Bluenos assholes
Paul president Dale Patroski simulated to Robinson Sarandon this week saying the festivities April 26 and 7 the Cooper's down the
Yorkham and called off because of their remarks
Patroski a former White House assistant press secretary under Ronald Reagan said recent comments by the actors
Ultimately could put our troops in even more danger
Reach Wednesday night Robin said he was dismayed by the decision he responded with letter
He planned to send a Patroski telling him you belong with the cowards and ideologues in the Hall of Infamy and shame
The weekend affair planned months ago was also the feature bold Durham actor Robert Wool and Ron Shelton who wrote and directed the 1988 film
Instead of commemorating the movie the Hall canceled the celebration letter to this into these scheduled
Participants in a free country such as ours every American has got the right to his or her own opinions and to express them
Public figures such as you have platforms much larger than the average Americans
Which provides you an extraordinary opportunity that have your views here
And an equally large obligation to write and speak responsibly Patroski wrote in other words to agree with his opinion
We believe you're very public criticism a president Bush at this important and sensitive time in our nation's history helps
Underbound the US position which ultimately could put our troops in even more danger
Which of course it did not and the kick-ass in three weeks. Okay, even though there's still a lot of crap going on
Robbins and Sarand in his longtime partner of an active in peace rallies to protest this war in Iraq and his letter
Robin said he remained skeptical of the war and told Patroski he didn't realize baseball was a Republican sport
Well, you better get with it Tim because of all the sports are Republican sports except for basketball of course, which has a lot of shfarts is
Huh, you know to think the NBA would probably be more Democrat and then also maybe some of the NFL
Well, all that money that that kind of change like I said it's a Republican sport. You're right. Good points about time
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T. I feel really rushed again to think because we got so much stuff to do so much to do
It's a little time. You know what I'm saying probably not. Okay. Let me vote on here
The biggest ego anywhere big popus ass could be me. I don't know
I'll vote for mode just for the hell of it just for something that you know
For him to remember me by since I'm the late Neil Rogers as a matter of fact mode
That would be a good idea. Just look upon me as though like I died
See we can look upon each other like we're both dead then that way we don't have to because you certainly don't speak to dead people
Although I will come and dance on your grave
Who do you think has the biggest ego? We got 36 votes already
I just cast mine. It's already up there. They're full man added Donald Rumsfeld 11
Dangerous the D in Donald Rumsfeld stands for dangerous
And also there's an A in his first name. We know what that stands for don't we stands for him track right
Moe Howard David had got eight. I think the two of them are gonna be battling nose to nose
Can't you just see that I'd like to see Rumsfeld reach over and be inked that piece right off Moe's head
God I get I pay a lot of money to see that
With that chuckle you know Rumsfeld has that dangerous laugh
Rumsfeld 11 Moe Howard David 8
Steve mr. Ego cane 5 thanks got 5 George Rodriguez 4 and I got 3 I'm in last place. I'm gonna have to run faster, you know
Get on and run and choose
27 past 9 at 5 6 and I told you Joe Zagaki was feeling for Maddo. Why do you keep saying Joe Rose?
Sorry, how do you an idiot? I know I mean he gets so little opportunity in prime time and like on a weekday to be on here
Joe Zagaki
Oh my oh my yes, and you're talking about the Joe Rose. We've had enough of Joe Rose
He's a good guy. We like him, but he's getting some tooth work done
He's getting some dentures put in
And I have been watching channel six news lately. I do not I will never watch channel four news again
I do turn over to Dan Rather at 6 30 and you know one of the reasons I never watch channel six news besides silly Tony's
cigarette oh why I
Xemons
Oh talk about an old funny dutty cash-off
They got Ike standing in front of the map. In fact, I think I still want to move so we can pick a hair pieces
silly silly goes Ike your silly person. Okay, you're ridiculous. Okay, that's one of the reasons channel six
We'll never have any quidibility people like Ike Siemens on here. I like Nick Bogart. He's pretty good
Don't bogart that joint by the way Nick
28 past 9 at 5 60 WQM
Here's a couple of great guys that you'll come to know and love when you shop for a card Hall of Pontiac
Tom layman and Joe Prieto a high-end Pontiac GMC want to pass along to you some exciting news
That is that there are three great Neil Deals going on right now
Neil deal number one get 0% financing for 60 months on every Pontiac or GMC in stock
Neil deal number two get you up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC in Pontiac in stock
Let me say it again because it's shocking, but it's true get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car truck in stock and
Neil deal number three if you're currently a GM smart Lisa smart by customer and driver Chevy Blazor and old to Pavada or GMC Jimmy
By release a new Pontiac or GMC and get an extra $1,000 off the price stop by Hallett and test drive the all-new and powerful Pontiac Grand Prix
too
Hallett Pontiac GMC and your find them where they've been for a hundred thousand years now
134 or one South Dixie highway US one across from the falls of recent years still there
Same place have been for 35 years is because they give people great deals and they treat you right to them
It can feel like a customer not like some kind of a victim open seven days a wicked hell for more information called the Neil deal
Highline at 1,885 3,442 11
That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven and don't forget all Neil deals are subject to print or privacy
The other four details. How many Pontiac GMC they most definitely are professional grades
Oh
It's much better
Oh
An
Instrás
I'm going to write my name right now, Harry.
I can just make you in here.
No tricks.
No tricks.
I'm 33 at 560 W here.
Mosul has a fallen by the way they're saying that's official.
Now this is the breaking news.
Iraqi army and Mosul has surrendered.
Aren't you excited?
Overjoyed.
Now let's see, don't be sarcastic.
There are some good things happening, but the view within the perspective, because the fact of the matter is that there's a lot of cramp going on as well.
But we have some people out there just can't do that.
The ones with the blinders on.
And I'll tell you another while a bunch of people with blinders on.
War protest signs tone down rhetoric.
What a bad mistake.
What a bunch of pussy's, man.
Well, a leader's urge followers to restrain from obscenities.
Well, that's one thing.
And the slurs against President Bush.
See, I'm not buying that at all.
I mean, if he was a goofball and a moron and dangerous a week ago, or two weeks or whenever or a month ago, he's still the same.
He hasn't changed.
He's not the one to call the shots with the military in addition, which there's a lot to be said about that as well.
Here's the fact that it says love the show.
How about for the end?
Why don't we think about this?
Got two already about Lord asked Limbaugh.
Biggest ego.
Lord asked Limbaugh.
He'll get a ton of votes.
Please place a Mickey Mouse today also.
I'll tell you, Mickey is moving up on a list on this show fast.
Oh, it's not.
Have a great day and please take care of yourself.
I certainly will sign S as in stupendous and also a big micronic visitor from St.
Pizza's Lord asked Limbaugh.
Thank you, big mic.
And don't let anybody in St. Pete know you're listening to the show.
Please for your own welfare.
For your own good.
Okay, let's take a few suggestions because I got a lot of stuff.
Don't let me forget to get every single one of these in here today.
Okay.
Yes.
Sir.
Puts.
The Mickey way.
Oh, it's the rainbow wing.
Yeah.
That was great.
Now was that Mark Morgano was in boot shop.
A Marlin's pull out of the ninth inning and it went four to three.
Does anybody care?
No.
At least they're consistent.
They have like a little over 10,000 for each of the last three games.
Those three games against the ms.
10,000 announced.
Which you know, there were like five or six thousand met fans there for each game.
So you subtract those five or six thousand people and then you take away the ushers
and the people that got the free tickets.
How many of you got left?
About 30, man.
Not too impressive.
Not too impressive.
They don't want to get the message.
That would be the QIM.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Pretty good, sir.
Happy Friday.
And back to you.
I got my 16 year old skipping school with me today.
And I got a shameless request.
Okay.
If you can play up dog.
Oh, I love up dog.
Okay.
Well, she started at home entire trend in her high school with us.
And it came from you and it came from me.
Excellent.
There we go.
See we're starting.
We're a trendsetters.
There you go.
The other thing is the facts beat me to it was the anything by the Mickey.
That was just hilarious.
Okay.
How could you forget your suspender wearing buddy as far as Egos?
Oh, my God.
Give me $50.
Thank you.
Thanks a lot, man.
You just earned.
You earned a bit.
All right.
Thanks a lot.
Larry King.
Larry King.
You know what we're saying?
Uh-huh.
What an ego.
Of course, it's hard to remember.
They've got a big ego going.
It's like slunched over there.
Like with the suspenders.
Crouched over like looking ready for death.
I hate to say it, Larry.
Don't you think Larry's not, I think he's on a way out.
You're not looking too good.
But he does have a massive ego.
It's a told him up.
I wouldn't put John Levin on there too, except nobody knows who he is.
You know, the news, the reader one I would do that used to be my producer.
I talked about the other day.
That I had the misplasia.
And again, I'm glad that this popped into my mind.
See how it all fits together.
Totally irresponsible.
Saddam is dead and his two sons are dead.
They were in there and NBC is reporting to us.
And my friends in the Jewish community and my friends in the Cuban community.
All of a sudden, crap.
You know, your full of crap, Levin.
You do a news and be like, you know, Heinrich Himmler,
reading the synagogue report for the week.
Doesn't make any sense to me.
Eric had a suggestion.
Did he really?
Howard Stern.
Howard Stern, of course.
How can you forget about O'Hauhey?
Suddenly, who took that wild turn to the right?
Howard Stern.
Okay, the list will grow.
Believe me, there'll be a lot of it.
There'll be a Schmidt load of names on there, maybe even Schmidt.
Even Tom Schmidt.
He's got a big EO.
Huh?
Sounds like it's not like a pompous answer to me.
Well, he almost breaks his arm, petting himself on the back every day.
That's you really?
Yeah.
Are you listening?
I'm not listening.
How does it tell you that it's on the radio?
You're not listening to the Humper?
How does it tell you that it's on the radio?
58 points.
Howard David had just pulled in the first place with 22.
Donald Remis fell to 16.
Steve Mr. Ego Kane 6.
Van Goldberg 6.
George Rodriguez and I are tied with four in Russian.
Donald Remis, I'm not going to have any votes yet, but he will.
He will, Billy, he will.
WDQAM.
Meal.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I love your show.
You make me laugh, but I just see it.
But I disagree with you on the war.
Man, reach his own, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, listen to that.
At least we're not going to come down here and take a dump on the front of the lawn here
because of this agreement.
I won't do that.
But tell me how to do that.
I did that on the way out today's matter fact.
I hope to work with you.
And smell it all the way up here.
Tell me at least you feel good for the Iraqi people.
At least that.
I mean, at least a free now.
I wish I could go to that.
I know, I said that the other day when it took the statute on it,
it said it was a very innovating and emotional scene and it was great enough.
But the problem is keep in mind that that was only a very small group of people
and a lot of them are still very suspect of what's to follow.
This is all fine and dandy as far as it goes, but let's see how we followed.
In fact, one of our stories today, quotes Hamid Karzai, the president of Afghanistan,
who's just having a fit because he says this looks like deja vu all over again.
And it's just the same kind of images that we saw.
And then they didn't follow through and they've done nothing in the whole country.
All the lunatics are back in power again, all of the warlords.
And they're right back to where they were before in Afghanistan.
So we talk a good game in the beginning and then we don't follow through.
I like Miguel.
You know, he talks about those promotions and never follows through.
Let me take a look.
Try not to look at this as a left-right thing either.
I mean, I hate how people just fall into that.
Look at Bill Henry's for the war. He's on the left.
Sir, no, he's not on the left.
He's an opportunist as what he is.
You think so?
He's a sell-out. I know him very well and believe me, he sold out.
Well, don't look at this as a left-right thing.
I mean, you don't have to agree with anything.
I mean, looking at it is a lot. I'm looking at it realistically.
I'm looking at it for what it is. I'm looking at the people who put it over on the public.
And I'm seeing again, you're trying to change.
Now, what did you call for?
Because you're not going to change my mind. I won't change you.
I'm not changing your mind on anything.
I'm just saying, don't look at that. You know, you're a real...
I just have to say it on me. You don't have to fall into line.
I don't understand that. I don't have to fall into line.
Move along, sir. Move along. I don't understand how that is.
What did you call for? You started to say something about something else.
No, that was it. I'm being...
Okay, thanks. Thanks.
No, he did. He was saying, and then he lapsed into this or right about that.
And don't do that. Don't tell me or anybody else what to do.
If you want to look at it, it is the left against the right.
The good guys against the men. In fact, isn't that what it's supposed to be?
The good guys against the evil doers. Us against them.
Anybody who doesn't... is not on our side is with them.
That's what your president has done.
So he's the one who created that. Not me.
And having I said that Democrats are just as much to blame as anybody else
because they're a bunch of whims. Having I said that a million times?
Yes, I have. Absolutely correct.
The useless party, man.
Useless. They're kind of like the Iraqi army.
And the just is dangerous.
They have done nothing. And they've sat back and out in ANSI Pelosi.
He says, ma'am, I'm going to meet you.
Nothing. It's over. Very, very sad.
But you know something, being a boy, don't look at it as left against the right.
I don't like that.
I mean, he can say that you shouldn't... I don't like your phraseology, sir.
You can say you shouldn't look at it like this. That's fine.
But when you start giving us... when you start instructing, I don't like instructions.
When you're a little kid, they can instruct you. Like in school.
Right? Don't pick your nose in class.
Don't throw a snap balls. Don't throw a... yeah, I'll lie crap.
Right? Don't snort too much a coke in class.
That's what George's problem was.
He had a rich, Norton Good Times, what he told me.
By the way, George will be back next week. Damn it.
In fact, you got his number in North Carolina?
He's self-ful.
I'm thinking about giving him another week off.
In fact, what month is it now?
No, just a joke, George. Don't get carried away. Just a joke.
What?
See, look at Miguel Miguel.
You're not fooling me. I started looking at your face.
He said, I hope so.
That's what he said.
I hope so.
Miguel hates you here.
Now, I never realized that. What do you hate George so much for?
No, no. I saw you mouth it. I'm a lip reader.
I do good lip.
Let me do the right.
Let me do the right lip.
Let me do the right lip.
See, I think Miguel hates George because George gets in his way of treasure island.
Tries to mess with his action over there. I think that's probably a big part of it.
Plus, the fact he knows George is a pus.
942 at 560 W.
Why are we ripped him this week or what? To which I say?
Oh, right.
Why not?
Knock him down a couple of notches, right?
Bring him back down to earth with his big fat little Julio ego.
Hey, I'll tell you one thing. Whether you're big and fat or little teeny and tiny and skinny.
Whatever you are, you need a great mattress to sleep on.
And if you get a good night's sleep, you feel refreshed and great.
If you have a crappy mattress, you wake up in the morning.
You feel like you didn't sleep at all.
Here's the answer. You should know it by now.
Dial a mattress. You should know the number by heart.
1-800-MATRUS. 1-800-MATRUS.
If you call him right now, in just a matter of hours,
they'll be there knocking on your dough when you want them to be there.
Any two-hour window that's convenient for you.
And you guarantee to great night's sleep for months and years to come.
That's what I always do. Just a one simple call.
The easiest piece of shopping you could ever do.
They carry the best in the world.
Seely, service, and king-coyle.
Every size, every sterile, unbeatable, every day low prices.
And the one you're looking for, the exact mattress you ordered, that's the one they got.
No bait and swish.
And dial a mattress gets more repeat-mry for all customers than anybody
because they treat you right to their number one in customer satisfaction.
I guarantee you, I'll bet your age is life on it.
Once you buy a mattress and dial a mattress, you'll never go back to a showroom
and that buy the old-fashioned way again.
And when you buy your mattress and dial a mattress, they even better part of the news is,
they set it up for you and take away the crappy old smelly bedding for free.
That's correct.
Dial a mattress sets up the new and takes away the old-for-free.
So make that call right now, dial a mattress.
Toil-free 1-800-MATTRES.
That's 1-800-MAC-TRIS for dial a mattress that's easiest possible way to get to a great new bed
and be sure and tell them that old Neil and fat, fat, fat boy told you to call.
My life in low-hole.
This is 4-Tradio-560.
You ain't a QA.
I-F-N-R.
What's your name?
Hey, man.
Hey, who's this?
It's Jeff.
Hey, I was in your restaurant and it smelled like updog.
What is updog?
I don't know. What's up, G?
Yo-yo-yo.
Get it?
No.
Okay.
Who was your speaking voice like to play Catering Order?
Hey, Richard.
Yeah.
I was in your restaurant, my wife and I, and she was commenting as I was,
then it smelled like updog.
Like what?
Updog.
What is updog?
No, what's up with you, G?
Get it?
What's up with you, G?
Hey, I was in your place and it smelled like updog.
What's updog?
Not much, what's up with you, G?
Get what's updog, what's up in dog?
Get it?
I'm busy.
What you want?
Your place smelled like updog.
Okay, bye.
Get it?
Yeah, how are you?
Good.
Hey, I was in your place and it smelled like updog.
What is updog?
I don't know what's up with you, G. Get it?
Ha ha ha ha ha.
You know, there's something screwed up with our pool.
I don't want to get Eric all hyperventilating, but it's stuck on 58 votes
and then another new ones have changed it all.
You see that?
Yep, over here.
I just mentioned that.
I don't want to get him all bent out of shape.
Get his knickers all nutted up.
Facts from Ricky who says what about George Bush's candidate for the biggest ego
or would that be disrespect of the administration?
What it be?
No.
He puffs out his testimony and walks in that arrogant smirk, leaning his elbow on a podium when he talks.
I can barely stand looking them these days.
If you think mine is bad, try for it.
Myers says, Ricky, love you in your show.
Thanks, Ricky.
And we put him on there right away.
Didn't we, George?
W. Bush.
Put a lot of other ones on here, but they're not going to need more votes.
What's going on, Eric?
What's the story here?
Man, maybe you have to bring it down to put the other ones up.
Don't bring me down.
He never did that before.
Well, maybe because he's put him on there in chunks.
So maybe he's spuing chunks up there in Orlando.
Probably too much of a breakfast.
So Zach, a five pizzas on his way over there with the blind people.
You should have seen that.
Did you see the bag?
Zach took a sack.
If you said five,
Mount Rushmore ought to hear yesterday,
I don't know how many pizzas were in that big sack, but it was overflowing at the top.
But third man.
Yeah, probably.
And I asked him this morning,
and they said, no apology, no guilt, no nothing.
But he holds up five fingers.
I held up one.
And he's rubbing his tummy like, you know, like the Buddha.
And of course, he takes him over to the blind people.
You wonder why they can't see how much he's eaten.
There's probably six of those blind people at that lighthouse for the blind or wherever it was.
And you know, he brings it, it takes one little pizza like that here.
Here's a slice for each one of you guys.
Rush each a slice.
And you saw for yourself, California pizza kitchen they brought 600 pizzas in yesterday.
Don't do it again, Doreen.
But the food was good.
I had my salad.
Huh?
Don't do it again, Doreen.
Here's the facts from Darren and Vince says.
We love your show.
Oh, and there was one other fact.
Oh, here it is.
Why does Miguel have the nickname beener boy?
You better get it right, mister.
Oh, it's some a cala.
My miss.
Ma'am.
Miguel is not beener boy.
Beener boy is Carlos.
I've heard.
Yeah, you should be wounded.
Now you should be complimented.
You only wish you looked like that.
Although at least you wouldn't fart that bad.
Why does Miguel have the nickname beener boy?
And also would you ever consider having a webcam placed in your studio?
No.
You can air it on your website.
Now, Calend answer is no.
Believe me.
You don't want to see me.
You sure don't want to see Carlos and you definitely don't want to see George.
Oh.
And most of the people that come in here.
I'm not the trope.
I don't know what you're talking.
You're hot to trot.
We'll see you at Pompo no Park in the fourth race.
We love your shows of late, especially the truth saying, please, please keep it up.
We keep your show playing loud in the orifice and drives the goose deppers crazy to which I say,
Oh, right.
Yeah.
We will keep it up.
Talk about annoying if not downright nauseating.
Our gym they air Y100 video.
That is nauseating.
It's almost as much as bad as here in Mark Morgan on WQ AM.
I'm Mark Morgan.
God is he just sickening.
Let's find out about him.
Does anybody know anything about him?
Well, he's friends.
He's good friends with Joe and Mark.
Oh.
That tells me everything I need to know.
God is he obnoxious on here.
Look, that hour in the morning nobody wants to hear anybody that happy.
Okay, Mark.
Happy is fine.
We don't want to hear grumpy in the morning like Mo.
But we want to hear a pleasant pleasant but not overly happy.
You know, because people are crawling out of bed.
They're getting their gears going.
Hey, I'm Mark Morgan.
Yeah, it's just a little bit over the top.
Over the top, like Booge.
Anyway, they're playing.
There's a song on WI100 in a semi-heavy rotation.
A slow ballot about serving the country or they gave their lives, etc.
Embedded with the instrumental sections are sound bites of GW newscasters.
Another spokesperson is plotting the personal sacrifice of our troops
of making direct references to the worthiness of their mission.
To listen to what makes you feel that you were listening to a commercial for the war
and not an elicitation of support for the troop send in a harm's way.
That's an interesting, that's exactly what troop send in a harm's way.
That's right on, Darren Invens.
It's exactly like the Celine Dion Titanic song that featured snippets of the movie's characters
whispering romantic epigrams.
This, at least to us, is a new form of advertising.
The Titanic people did it to sell more movies and recordings.
It also was done with some Bruce Brainstings song for some other movie.
The practices repel enough is a cross-media promotion but for a war.
And that's your right. That's what they're doing for the seller war and the next one too.
And the one after that.
Well, I forgot it's all World War IV.
That's what the Willsman said.
Pulled a Willsy over our eyes.
He said, Jorge is muy and credibly and Brian is a Machia.
PS, we love them.
And once they knew the one hour at Mo Bits, please.
And also they want to hear burp and oh boy, a lot of requests today.
I didn't realize it was all requests Friday, isn't it?
Okay.
What, what am I missing out?
Do you have a missing target?
An entourage of rapper Snoop Dogg.
Oh boy.
You know, there's a lot of dead rappers in the naked city out there.
Gunmen, Targety.
And Walmart, wholesale of toy guns in response to lawsuit.
There's some good news.
You fascist at Walmart.
We hate you.
That's one thing Jorge is absolutely right about.
There's still something to wheel guns, but no more toy guns.
In other words, if you're going to shoot somebody with a gun from Walmart,
we want to make sure that it has the intended effect.
God.
Now, how come they took that offer there so quick about Snoop Dogg-y dog?
We don't have any information.
Don't you think we had to play something on or that?
Hey kids, you tired of those old boring sing-along tapes?
Well, we got something for you.
It's fun.
It's silly.
It's straight from a horn.
It's Snoop Dogggy dogs, kitty songs.
Yo, Snoop Dogg in the nursery.
Snoop will help you learn your ABCs with a song, the ABC song.
Yo, pay to the beat to the CDEF.
J then an A, Chen and I, and a mother fucking J.
Phil sing songs about games you can play.
Ring, a round-ed-rozy, bitch.
A pocket full of posi for my peeps, where's Sae?
And you can fall asleep with snoops, or eyes.
Rock, goodbye baby, all their mother fucking treats her.
When their window blow, their cry dough will rise.
And if you call now, you'll get a bonus.
Snoop Dogg Storytime.
Here's Snoop Dogg, tell you the classic children's stories.
So, Snow White was a bitch, oh, you know.
Seven little brothers, one big, you know she's shaking that.
It's a rass, ain't it?
Yo, grumpy, why don't you come over here and help me?
So, call now and order Snoop Dogg Dogg City songs.
Call one, 800, doggy songs.
Yo, this is the album that puts the mother fucking back in mother goose.
Oh, yeah.
Order now.
Hi, 54 or 560.
We'll get as soon as we get more about that, because I'm sure
there are a lot of people concerned about that whole big concture.
Tom's, that's the big war going on.
The East Coast rappers against the West Coast rappers, right?
All of the stuff is small potatoes.
Here's the fact that says, good morning, Neil.
I've never been to the managers.
I've never played golf course, and I'm proud of it.
Please, no golf talk if you...
Yeah, golf.
Get it right, golf.
At QAM, hopefully the terminal will be rained out, leaving those red necks with their thing in their hands.
I know you talk highly of Mad Dogg, and I'm sure he's probably a good guy, but he's getting pretty bad on his show.
Yesterday, he pulled a hank and took a personal call on the ear.
He talked it up with his buddy Dennis for about five minutes.
As far as an ego to your list, how about OJI Kill Nicole Simpson?
Have a great weekend in back edge.
Can we put him on there?
I forgot to tell you something.
That's me, my bad.
Fan Asselin Ball, who's already up to us, five votes.
We got that thing ruling now.
Nice going, Eric.
Get with it.
OJ Simpson.
Got it.
Alex Pingapakane, your panellist.
Can we put him on or not?
Now, we'll put him on.
Get with it.
I'm not asking.
I'm telling you.
Okay, that's just the way we don't have time for me to ask.
Because now that I'm trying to play Butch Boss, I don't have time to wait for some wimpy response.
And George W. Voice, did we get the Bushmeister on there?
W?
Here's a frustrated listener who faxes.
What if faxes are pouring in?
God, it's somebody even mentioned to me yesterday.
But when George is there, you sound so much happier and to show so much better.
They're just picking on George, aren't they?
Although I think they got two excellent points.
Frustrated listener says, I'm Jones and over here every time you play that sensitive version
of the Condolese, the right song.
I try singing in words in my mind, but I can't remember them all.
Well, too bad.
Because you won't hear him here.
I need the job.
I need a fix, man.
I give you my, if I give you my PO box, will you send me the tape?
No, we won't.
By the way, Hank Wins hands down.
Frustrated listener, well, just keep working on it.
Okay.
Come on.
Keep thinking.
Keep thinking.
Chevron something.
Here's one that says, our soldiers have been ordered not to stare at the Iraqi women,
which would be one of the easiest orders to obey, ever given.
That's bad.
That's terrible.
But like I said yesterday, the Iraqi's out what you call them, especially as, as a people's,
as a people's, not a beautiful people.
They're not like the Swedes or the veins or whatever.
We've also been told not to write on our tanks with our legs hanging down as it exposes the souls of our feet,
another no-no.
Speaking of Miguel, by the way, have you ever noticed when the Muslims pray in the ground?
I'm sure you have one again on their magic carpets and they all, and they all get down.
And they, and they, and they, their ass is up in the air.
And I always wondered because especially when they're in those mosques and their large numbers,
if they ever like, you know, I'm sure it must happen.
Oh, I'll, I must be really pissed at that.
Huh?
You just can't help it when you're down in that position and your, uh,
rectum is up in the air like that, you know?
Oh, geez.
Meanwhile, it says here, Sodom may be hiding up north in the small area known as Herkut,
that we are attacking now.
Herkut.
I think he's an old kut with mo, all those old kuts.
In fact, he's probably not gusty with mo, the old kuts are hanging out together.
Why sure wish I had that to look forward to this weekend watching a lot of golf, man.
That would make my life complete, sitting around watching a bunch of assholes,
whacking a ball around.
Oh, boring, boring mo, golf.
That tells you everything you need to know about him, which is why he is the official dead man.
And I will dance on his grave.
Oh, you, listen, I'll put George to shame.
Are you ever seen anybody dance of a storm?
I'm already ordered the taps on all my other pair of shoes.
Yeah.
Tacked dance.
Like really T-ribs, man.
It's going to be great.
957 at 560 WDQM, all you homeowners out there, when it's getting a hotter,
every day, chilly at night, but getting a hot during the daytime.
Pretty soon it'll be 100 degrees in the shade.
And you want to go out there and do a lot of dipping in that pool.
But you take a look at the pool and you see it looks like crap.
Here's the answer for you.
If your pool is stained and dirty and cracking, don't look at that mess one more day.
Just say, please, no more ugly pool and call our good friends at Atlantic Marseille.
They're not just pool guys.
You see a lot of these pool guys got their little pickup trucks and they got that thing in the back in their little net.
That's a joke.
These are our real construction company folks.
Got it?
Who used full-time employees, not subcontractors.
Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation
at the pool business in a century, Diamond Bright.
Atlantic Marseille has been pouring on Diamond Bright for 12 years.
They are licensed and insured professional suitways to Pettis Unbeatable Job.
In fact, they're so good they even train other companies internationally how to do Diamond Brighting right.
And they'll give you the same price they give to the contractors it is unbeatable.
They serve North Miami, Browden, Palm Beach, so-called Atlantic Marseille.
They're the biggest and the bestest installers of Diamond Bright anywhere in town.
They'll come right to you, give you a free estimate with no obligation.
And they also do a super job of pool and decorations, custom lighting, pool heating and exotic water features too.
For the best job in the universe, call Atlantic Marseille Tool-Free, 1-800-558-883.
That's 1-800-558-883.
Diamond Bright do it right because Diamond Bright is a pool's best friend.
I am local, this is 560.
The radio's all yours now.
Q&A!
Why the, you bastard!
There comes a time in a young woman's life when she has to ask questions.
Mom, I have to ask you a personal question.
Do you do sh- sure I do.
I use vinegar and water.
Why vinegar and water?
Because, silly, I'm Italian.
Hidden Valley douche.
In Italian, French, French, or new chunky blue cheese.
Oh my! Oh my!
Don't forget Big Joe Zagaki, he'll be here at 1 o'clock to eat mad dogs on his way up north again to Michigan.
He's already put in his tough four-day week.
Certainly, he's got a better gig than I- well three.
Was he on on three days this week?
I think he was on four.
Wasn't he here on Monday and then he was in the- the masters for a-
Yeah.
Don't be selling in the-
He said he wasn't here on Monday.
He was not here on Monday?
Facebook game.
Oh yeah!
That McGill, he's on top of it, baby.
You're a what a tough week, man.
This guy's got a gig puts me to shame.
He works a day or two here, a couple of days there.
He drinks his green lizards up there in Augusta.
He's sitting in his peach cobbler with an ice cream and all the hog and does.
And then he's off to Michigan again to go up there and take showers with his older buddies.
By the way, Michigan lost the hockey semi-finals they've frozen for yesterday in Buffalo.
Sorry about that.
Also, Cornell got beat.
Got robbed of a bad call on the goal that should have counted.
But anyway, New Hampshire and Minnesota in the final.
Do you care about that?
Uh, no.
College of championships, man.
College hockey championships.
Oh!
No.
Still don't care, asshole.
Let's see.
Here's what it says.
How can you do a pull about egos and that include Rick Riley?
Excellent point.
Get him on there.
Rick Riley.
Spell it right.
How have you won?
Like life of Riley.
PS Mark Morgan is also Mark Maddix on 97.3.coast.
Hi, I'm Mark Maddix.
I'm not Greg Maddix and I'm pretty happy about it because he blows.
Hey, Greg, time to hang it up, man.
Poor Greg Maddix.
By the way, we got your article already on our website by Paul Kruberman, as always.
Thank you, Rich Pactiore.
But the interesting thing of Rich's thing here is the fact as usual.
It says, Phyllis conservative and always has been.
He just put on act for us, I guess.
Phyllis conservative.
Last night he went off on grapholo and anyone questioning the war.
Couldn't listen to him.
Not funny.
Clever anything.
Rest in peace, Phyllis.
Phyllis.
Phyllis.
Are you sure?
Yeah, we're sure we took a vote, Phyllis.
Scree.
I mean, you're entitled to your opinion, but it's just such a sellout, such a cop out for a guy who puts on his thing as being Mr. Cutting Edge, Mr. Antisablishment, Mr. Contra, Sam and Howard Spurman.
It's just, it's amazing to me.
How few people in this country have got the balls.
That's why I'll gene the geneing, grapholo and Susan Sarandon, any of these people.
I tip my head to him, I wore a head.
I'll tip your head, okay?
To these people.
Not just because I happen to agree with him, but because they got the courage of their own convictions, and they have the audacity to stand up at a time when everybody keeps trying to...
This is just like Vietnam all over again.
It's so bad.
And I understand we got a lot of punks out there who weren't alive during those years, but those of us who were, remember exactly the same thing.
Oh, you can't question the government.
You're going to hurt the troops over there.
No, it wasn't.
I said it was hurting the troops.
It was the God-dame government that sent over there to be butchered and slaughtered.
That's who hurt them.
God almighty.
What, like I said the other day, what is it that we're fighting for if not for the freedoms that we used to have?
And I underline used to have.
If we're not fighting for that then what's the point?
Are we fighting for like all the fast food joints? Is that what America's all about?
Another MacDeath on every street corner.
Another burglar king with a God-dame good year tire rubber that they sell as meat.
Who are you kidding, man?
When I was in high school we were studying the Vietnam War.
One of the biggest thoughts against my head is that that couldn't happen again.
We're too cynical now to let that happen again.
Right.
Now, look at this.
Talk about desperate.
This isn't from Joe.
This is from the New England Paul.
But I guess he figures I'm not going to read his facts and so now he's writing it with a different name.
I'm sure it must be.
What kind of crap we want to hear right now?
That guy right there is there.
No golf talk.
We're not just relaxed, okay?
All requests doesn't mean we're playing all bits.
So they just calm down and we live Paul and quit trying to pretend to be somebody else.
What the hell did Miguel just bring me here?
Oh, thank you.
Like I said, investigators say on three occasions, well, no, I got to go back to the beginning.
A date police officer who allegedly preferred patrolling the VIP lines of a strip joint to the streets of Dade County was arrested yesterday in charges.
He falsified his time sheets to cover his naughty encounters.
How do you like that?
Exposed, Sergeant Felix Martinez, a 19 year veteran of the North Dade patrol squad.
Investigators say on three occasions, January 28th, February 4th and 9th,
Martinez received new dances in a private VIP room at the Masters Generalman's Cabaret.
5325 Northwest 77th Avenue in unincorporated Dade County while on duty and in uniform.
While we didn't get his uniform soiled, the dancer was a stripper turned confidential informant who needed him to fix her driver's license of report states.
Martinez could not be reached for comment yesterday.
According to an affidavit file by the Dade State Attorney's office, here's what happened.
The dirty dancing took place in the club's VIP room, which rents out from about $200 a pop.
But the service was provided to Martinez for your charge.
Oh, Martinez 41 on the dancer age unknown worked out the details of the agreement about midnight January 24.
He was on duty and in uniform as was she.
Martinez said he would take care of two open arrest traffic warrants that exchanged for a personal show.
And she said, shown off.
Later that morning between 426 and 439 AM, Martinez won the Dade Policeman's Criminal Justice Information System,
obtained the dancers driving records or the driver's dancing records.
He later prepared a motion for relief regarding the two restaurants and followed with a clerk of courts traffic division.
How do you like that?
Four days later, she danced for him as promised. A week later, she did so again.
The next day, February 5, Martinez visited the Richard Gerstein, the Dick Gerstein Criminal Justice Building,
and paid the fees for the dancer to attend traffic school, that same day he reminded her she ought to make future dancing performance in March or April.
Oh, brother, this is beautiful.
By you see, times are tough for some of these guys since they closed down those whorehouses and their other cops were running a couple years ago.
With those underage for those 16 and 17-year-old girls, I'm sorry.
When Martinez became the prime suspect as being the leak in an ongoing investigation, police put a mobile tracking device on his car.
That's when police discovered Martinez lies about his daily activities and falsified time sheets,
investigators say between February 5 and March 20, Martinez, who has paid $33.22 an hour almost as much as Beener Boy, cheated taxpayers out of 54 hours and 53 minutes of his services, or $1835.32 cents of alleged duping.
He engaged in a systematic and continuous pattern of falsifying official documents with a corrupt intent to gain a benefit for himself according to the affidavit a benefit court score for himself.
As the motion he prepared in the dancer's name, investigators say Martinez falsified information,
forged the confidential sources signature and subsequently instructed a lot of the court regarding her previous failures to appear so that her testimony would be consistent with the falsified information in the motion for relief, which is what he wanted relief.
Police say Martinez may have leaked confidential information regarding active investigations, including what had masters, gentlemen's cabaret.
He's been charged with one kind of unawful compensation, nine counts of official misconduct and one kind of grand theft and he said it was grand.
How do you like that, huh?
Man, oh man, these are some of the same people I'm sure, who are busy pointing the finger just like up there and browing the good old BS.
Oh, and by the way, I don't want to pick on a BSO because that story, the guy that called yesterday, he had a stumb-on.
And thank you, by the way, whoever called me yesterday about the two scumbags that committed suicide.
Save the state a lot of money.
At least, you know, we don't have to go through the family, doesn't have to go through a long song to dance the family and friends of the trooper.
Well, what a tragedy.
How did you hear that, the guy was...
And the guy was accidentally there, he was filling it for something.
Right. It was the first time he had been in that location, a rookie cop, good guy, 25 years old, and they were stealing hubcaps from Cadillac, that was their scam.
But like I said, they saved the taxpayers in the state a lot of money by offing themselves.
And we were very glad they did that.
Pieces of crap.
Oh, look at this. Here we go. I told you it wouldn't take long NBC to make a movie about rescued POW Jessica.
Oh, yeah.
Saving private Jessica.
So, as here NBC is hurrying a development of a movie about the rescue of POW Jessica,
a lynx that works meeting with potential writers and producers for the May for TV film intended where early in the 2003,
four season, a network spokesman said yesterday, NBC's attempting an official rights to restore a willing to proceed with a script based on news reports, other public information.
Daily variety said yesterday.
CBS is reportedly considering pitches for a lynx TV movie, but as yet to decide whether to proceed.
So NBC's going to hop right on it.
Just like they did on the Sennam thing.
He's dead. There's two sons of that. Oops.
And even if they don't get the families approval, they're going to go ahead with it anyway.
Well, that's nice. That's really nice. Okay. That's because they can make some money off of this poor young thing who was traumatized and terrorized and had both of her legs broken and one broken arm and a couple of bullet holes as well.
Now, we can't let her just heal up and go on with her life.
Get out of here.
Oh, chip read. Yeah. There's chip read on the MSNBC who's also peddling the soft talk.
Yeah. There's no chaos here. There's no chaos.
And the background. There only a stealing stuff that they really need like stereo and TVs and pop up toasters and tires as big as you see the way to wheel in those big ass tires down the road.
Those will fit great under donkeys. Huh?
Or dockies will be happy as a pig in spit.
That's it. Lift up the hood, man. That's what we told the mold this morning. Lift up the wooden as piece fell right off.
And they open in the truck. They're just packing all kinds of good stuff. And in fact, I think what we ought to do, they brought back in Florida.
That thing where they have the tax tax free shopping days in the summertime during the dog days of summer.
They bring it back this year, so you can shop for a few days and I don't remember the dates.
I think what they ought to do is just have cost free days where everything is free since free is so popular here in town.
Just back your car up. Whatever your store, your favorite store is open up the truck and you know, take a bunch of crap out of there.
How's that sound? Sounds good. Let's you know when it's coming.
10 past 10 at 560 WQM the panthers and heat forget about them. They're done for the season. So as college basketball, the Marlins off to another four season.
Are they hit them for the season? I thought Michael Michael motorcycle was playing the night here. Hey Steve, well, if you better get with it, but they're done. Stick a fork in them. They're done.
So as college basketball done, Marlins off to a marginal start, although they won last night. Anybody care?
No, another putrid crowd. Anyway, there's still some live action going on where you can be a winner and have a great time.
Pompadopar Karnas track is open for great live harness racing four nights a week Monday, Wednesday, Friday, like tonight and Saturday too.
First post time 715 General Parking General Mission free. Come out to Pompadopar and enjoy the thrill of nighttime horse racing action.
Enjoy the sounds of the thundering hooves coming down the stretch and cheer home a winner from the rail.
Pompadopar is got the live horse racing action you want plus thoroughbred, highlight harness racing,
somal casting from all across North America, starting in new every day seven days a week.
Tonight is the 25,000 dollar final of the Valley Victory trotting series featuring stakes record holder suite count taking on M-Ranay LeVec, Zizi's balance and wild rush plus world class drivers.
Brian Sears, man Brian, you're unbelievable, baby.
You're the best Bruce Ranger who's pretty damn good himself. Kevin Wallace and Wally Hennessey, who's good money feels like it in every race.
And don't forget to be Wednesday at Pompadopar, his dollar night for draft your hot dogs, so does and more.
How's it going, Wally? How's it going, eh? Pompadopar, don't forget 715 this post time.
And I got a big card in the course again tomorrow night located just the blocks out of the 90 pullover on power line road.
Pompadopar, course power. You can plunge your guts out on bring a just bring a briefcase full of money.
We're supporting you five, six, you a.m.
With the sewer of this place.
Yo, yo, yo, let's rate.
Oh, three.
Yo, big shot.
Oh, that's how we pass the time away in the G.O. J.L.O.
Oh, my goodness.
I'll be shocking. Ah, he's declared G.H.D. on my callin.
What to do?
I have also suffered from the same disorder.
But Omar, how do you solve such a problem?
It's easy. Just start your day with a hearty boil of total fruit and fiber cereal.
It is jump packed with vitamins and minerals.
And it has all the essential nutrients that one will need when hiding in a bunker all day.
That is the plan I am putting into action because I am running like a Republican god chased by the first US Marine division.
Oh, here I go again.
Total fruit and fiber cereal.
Just what you need to stop the G.H.D. in your pants.
Pen 15.
Maybe that's what Miguel had before little G.H.D. in his pants.
Boy, he left some fumes in there.
Miguel was lighten candles.
He would have thought that it was a young kipper.
181 votes on a pool who has the biggest ego in the universe.
Ah, Mojah, our David, it's got 56.
Rush Limbaugh has moved it up very fast.
There was the late edition. He's up there to 29.
We're telling our loan from God.
Oh, God. I mean, how can anybody listen to that crap?
Just a big pompous bag of right-wing wind, man.
You can almost smell it right through the speaker.
I'm supposed to talk a lot of we can't hear.
That's right. Every time I worry about my plugged up left ear, I should think about him.
I should kiss the radio.
Rush Limbaugh 29.Romisfeld 27.
Every time I see Romisfeld's push on the screen, I hear it in the back.
I hear that boot jumping, baby.
Paramount's garing junior, live.
Leave ill, come and get you.
Powered to turn 14.
Neo Raju's 11th title, Hank Goldberg 11th.
Couple of fat Jews.
A Steve Mr. Ego Kane has got 10.
George Rodriguez 6. George W. Bush 6. Larry King 4.
Larry King 4.
Long me, first did I.
Donald Trump's got three rick Sanchez appear.
O.J. Simpson won. Rick Riley won.
And Alex Pinkham Picany, but I also don't have any.
I never thought about him having a big ego.
He's a putts.
All the way, he does want to run for the Senate.
Oh, there's something good to be said for that.
Get him out of town.
Get him out of town.
Get him out of South Florida.
He's still going to have a say in our crap.
I don't care.
He can do more damage here than he can in the Senate.
Plus, he's going to be a Democrat.
You don't understand that.
Even though, of course, he did that putrid that nasty in 2000.
Kind of like, well, he's nervous.
Very nervous about his constituency.
That's right.
A lot of his constituents, kind of like,
do step on the weekend.
They walk around there with their arm at that 45 degree angle.
I'm a little moustache as they paste on.
Anyway, here's the fact that says,
blue is rules.
Six-nothing to blue's beat Vancouver last night to Conucks.
Don't be nodding your head.
You wouldn't know the Vancouver Conucks.
You wouldn't know Eddie Jovenoski if he came here and high-stick you in the head.
Am I right?
You would know Trevor Lyndon from Trevor Richie.
Who?
Trevor Richie, one of the outstanding drivers on the O.J.C.
circuit up there in the Ontario A.
In spite of what my friend Dick Feinberg says about Randy Wapel's and Chris Christoff
Arru and Andy Courwin, all those other great drivers up there.
Steve Conrin, who you kidding dick?
Anyway, it says, where did George go on his vacation to Masters?
Yes, it's a matter of fact.
He's a little upset.
He's been rained out.
But like the man, though, while it's been pouring outside, he's been pouring inside.
A lot.
Add to your list, Wayne Heizinger.
You're absolutely correct.
You'll get a ton of votes.
They hate you, Wayne.
They hate you.
Phil and Mark in Mudgate says, he's, a lot of these people get an education now.
This is a very, a scary thing that's going on, boys and girls, especially with Chief Channel owning almost every guy at the Am
Station and wanting to own a lot more, wanting to own a lot more.
And Michael Powell just happens to be rolling coal and power, son of Trevor the FCC says, oh, sure, why not?
Like Dayton Allen used to say, why not?
You don't remember Dayton Allen.
He was great.
He was a panic.
Bokeh Brian remembers Dayton Allen.
Retro Bokeh.
Phil, anyway, says I was driving home from work yesterday, desperately searching for anything remotely worth listening to on the swill available on South Florida Radio after 1 p.m.
Don't knock the mad dog.
Oh, right.
I turned my dial to Big 106, all repeat all day classic rock when they started to play commercial of sickening patriotic pro war puke.
They do this all day.
It seems that I can usually ignore it, except this time they played some macho punk, whining that the war protesters are un-American.
I'm going to tell you something.
If that stuff doesn't stop, I'm going to crack right out there in the lawn.
I just can't stand that.
You're un-American because you won't go step along with whatever the government does.
It's just outrageous.
It's stupid on the face of it.
It's idiotic.
I found out later that Big 106, of course, is another clear channel station to which you are.
Absolutely correct sir.
And they're among the many other brainwashed far right media outlets.
Big 106, you suck and your music starts worse as Phil and Mubgate.
How do you like that, David Ross?
You jackass?
Huh?
Your music blows.
Your whole mentality blows the brainwashing of America.
Let's buy up every guy at the Am radio station.
And then of course, since we're buddy buddy with the administration with the goose staffers,
they'll let us buy up every other ones we don't have yet.
And then we can just continue pounding out crappy music and propaganda.
Non-stop 24-7 as they say.
You asshole.
Right. You tell them, Mo.
You tell them.
Speaking of same old, same old neurotic repetition.
In a herald, they are a column that's kind of hidden.
New Grammy fight brewing question mark.
I'm so worn out from this crap.
It's enough to make me want to get out of this town.
Oh, the Latin Grammys?
Yeah, what Grammys did you think?
Okay.
What other Grammys you think it was?
God, get with it.
You think it was something about Shenaiatwine?
The beta Grammys?
I love Shenaiatwine.
Anyway, look at this.
Most conflict of interest.
Now, what is this?
This is pretty interesting.
Let's read it live right on the ear.
It says, although there were a number of worthy contenders I voted for Mo,
because none of the others displayed levels of hotty self importance in pomposity
that the Moemistus, the Moemistus,
views over the areas on a daily basis.
Another thing, ever notice whenever anyone criticizes Jay Feeder,
Moe Jemston was defense and mutes the criticism.
My thought is having somebody like Moe who's involved in four profit commercial ventures with Feeder,
present himself as an impartial credible commentator and Feeder's performance
or more accurately non-performance.
Well, who said he was credible?
Anybody ever say Moe was credible?
No.
No.
It seems another sad example of Moe's nihilistic nebishness, what more can one say?
I think you said it well.
In closing, thank you, Neil God, for sending the rainstorm over Augustus,
spurring us more master's speak.
Oh, I worked on it very hard.
And the golf tournament too.
If it's not too early, have a happy paysock that says,
thank you, Robin, back at you.
Don't eat too much pacidicchi candy.
Not too much pacidicchi.
P.S. to George, you worked so hard on the North Carolina House.
Why don't you stand there a few months, Carlos has things under control.
We agree with that.
Nice facts, by the way.
Absolutely correct, sir.
I don't think we don't miss George.
I mean, we're not trying to pick on George,
and when he comes back, people begin to inspire reports.
Boy, the two of them really were just re-meeting you and asked when you were going,
well, why not?
He's used to it.
We love George.
Here's one that says, I have to agree with the earlier facts about Phil Henry's show.
I tune it last night hoping for the best.
All I heard was in whining about how braviess for having a pro-war opinion.
What?
Brave for having a pro-war opinion.
How he'll be blacklisted in this TV product rejected?
We're just hearing about all the products that being rejected for having an anti-war opinion.
Okay?
Has this man ever looked into the mirror?
I sure hope not.
He'd break it.
Nobody wants to look at this fat ball pasty face with the one half,
I have closed on TV.
There are a lot of ugly, successful people on TV,
but Phil beats him hands down.
He should be on your poll for the biggest ego,
because he's taking himself way too serious from now on,
I plan to listen to his show in the off position.
How do you like that?
Are you sure?
Yeah, he's sure.
Or here, or whoever.
Who's it from?
From Kelly.
Kelly, sure.
Kelly Arena.
How's Mark Morgan?
I can't get him out of my mind at Mark Morgan and move Shamby.
It's the radio pukester show.
Hey, everybody, hi, Edullen.
That's a great weekend.
The DJ from Frisero Island is also one of those racking rules.
Okay, but that's he's a DJ.
Okay, there's nothing wrong with a rocket roll DJ.
Although sometimes they would do a little bit like that car we got somewhere.
Let's see, here's the facts that says,
have you ever seen our women in uniform?
They're so hot, it's unbelievable.
CNN should put up, what is it?
I can't read the handwriting.
It's awful.
How will we attract these steamy females when they come home?
I don't think my Honda with it.
I don't know.
I can't read anything.
Okay, start.
Go take some lessons in what do they call your handwriting skills?
In handwriting skills.
There must be a word for it.
Penning ship.
Penning ship.
Anyway, new Grammy fight brewing question mark.
Same old tired crap.
All I can say is, oh god.
When in doubt they just wear us out with the same old.
Man, when you get something new,
Fidel's gotten everybody whipped up down areas.
All the dissidents, everybody doesn't like the way they look.
They're all getting in a slammer for 20 years.
He's losing control again.
I guess he wants attention.
He's jealous now.
I said, I'm got all the attention.
Now Fidel would like some.
I say, hey, I will go for that.
Just over the weekend we could take care of that.
Bearded piece of third.
But in this town, what are they worried about?
Not Fidel, not Saddam, not George W.
Not the future of the universe.
But South Florida leaders carefully negotiated for months
to bring the Latin Grammys award show to Miami this year.
But city commissioners still hope the organization doesn't invite
entertainers from Cuba to the Gala event.
Oh my god.
Led by commissioner Tomas Regalato, commissioners voted four
to zip yesterday towards Grammy organizers to refuse to recognize
or invite any Cuban artist because of the country's recent crackdown
on the vissions if it wouldn't have been for that it would have been
for some other reason having to do with Fidel.
Mayor Manny Diaz, who for months aggressively angled to bring the show to South Florida,
walked a diplomatic tightrope over the subject.
He said he agreed with the resolution where gave his assurance that he would
not pull his welcome with Latin Grammys if organizers do not comply.
So in other words, he's going to have it both ways.
He agrees with them, but he agrees with, you know, he's all over the place.
He's right down on the tightrope while the sun is printing up some more money.
He dispute over the location of exile demonstrations,
planning to protest the possible appearance of Cuban artists
and to throw over the show away from Miami in 2001.
This year, civic leaders lured back the show in part by convincing organizers
that the political climate had changed.
Oh yeah, the political climate in South Florida has changed.
Make them think about it.
Oh my God.
But Regolato said the city needs to punish the Cuban government for its human rights violations
and Latin Grammy officials should deliver a message that they too will not tolerate that type of behavior.
I didn't know that the recording artist were the ones who were called on the shots in the government there.
You know that?
I had no idea.
I didn't know Fidel sang this year.
That doesn't punish anybody but us down here.
This is not crazy.
This is fair Regolato said, asked if he would support protests against the ceremony.
He said, I wouldn't just support it.
I'd be protesting.
He'd be in it.
You're an asshole, Tomas.
If the Latin Grammys do invite Cuban artists, Regolato said he'll propose that the city not provide any funding for the show.
Here we go again for the show.
The Cuban government has recently taken while we know that.
Grammy officials declined to come in on the resolution because they said they hadn't reviewed it.
But it said we will not sway their position about inviting Cuban artists to the show.
Latin recording Academy spokesman Ron Roker said nominees will not be known to later this year but said all artists who are nominated will be extended invitation.
Well, good for you, Ron.
Regolato's sudden proposal at Thursday's commission meeting cut commissioners by surprise because no matter what's even on the agenda, on the agenda, when commissioner Angel Gonzalez seconded the resolution for discussion commissioner RTL Jr.
Shotback, there's nothing to discuss.
Other than Commissioner Johnny Witten who was absent for part of the meeting,
all the commissioners supported the resolution, of course, because they're all fearful.
But some said they did not respect Regolato's constituents, not because their personal stance on the issue.
They just go step in the law.
They don't have the balls to say, hey, this is crazy.
You're hurting the community again.
You're going to take away a lot of money and we're going to get embarrassed once again and look like the banana republic that we really are from coast to coast, pillar to coast, they'll yank it out, put it back in LA.
And we'll be sitting here holding our shawl in our hands.
That's what it's going to be.
Because this, this obnoxious little group of people of little dictatural minded assholes, they run Dave County, they got it in their hand and you live in Dave County.
You live in Dave County, being her boy.
There's I think you ought to we got some great under overpasses and underpasses and Browards.
This is sports radio, five six U.A.M.
Want to okay, I think we got the, let me get a little bit more compression going here.
We're going to love to hear myself the gravel.
I got fights there.
Hey 75 degrees in the magic city.
Hey, we're broadcasting live.
Hold on a second.
Let me, let me stop that over.
75 degrees in the magic city.
Hills of a great song.
Oh, you're ready.
Come on down with it.
We're going to get down tonight.
We're going to dread groovy.
It's the right time.
What the hell am I talking about?
You're a f**k.
You're a f**k.
You get to post, baby.
The puke.
That's an honor of Mark Morgan and Boogshambi.
The puke, let's have a puke in society.
In fact, I think we do have a lot of people when they look at those pictures you put on our website,
they're going to be puke in all weekend.
But they need to see him.
Who do you think has got the biggest ego that's our poll question over the weekend on our website right now,
you're on your rangers.com.
Mo Howard David, it has a firm hold on first place.
62.
Rush Limbaugh's moving up fat ass Limbaugh 39.
We'll tell that I'm loaned from God.
Tell that I'm loaned from.
Oh, good.
Romsfeld 38.
Oh, actually, I'm going to take that back.
I was looking like cock-eyed at that.
He then had the means of God.
It's not just a name.
No.
Can you believe that happened?
That's your fault.
How did you do that?
He wears it.
Yeah, he put an evil spell.
Look at that.
He's popping up all over the place.
Telepathic powers.
Bitch detergent.
I never even played that bit.
Where the hell did that come from?
That is a shocker.
I think he put an evil spell in here.
Like I said, Romsfeld's got...
BOT TURN, MAN!
Thank you.
George W. Bush has 20.
Howard Spur 18.
Yours truly 14 for Neil Rogers, 13 for Hank Goldberg.
I'm on ahead of the Humber.
Mr. Riegos, Steve Keynes got 10.
George Rodriguez, 8 Larry King, 5 Rx Sanchez, 3.
Don Trump's got 3.
Alex Pingapakany, 10.
Pinellas has a pair.
Tiny.
OJ Simpson's got 1 Rikwile 1 and we just put 8.
Wayne High Ping under.
We don't have any up.
But he will.
He will.
UCF Kenny, who alternately on order today,
he loves me, other days he hates me.
But today, he's got a suggestion for the pool.
At least he's listening.
That's all accounts.
Jenny with a butt.
I've heard tons of JLo stories about the way she treats people all
involving their phrase.
Don't you know who I am?
That's right.
Put her on her JLo.
She's a bitch.
She's what we're hearing.
I'm not saying that for a fact,
but that's what we're hearing from lots and lots of people.
You know how many people told me that?
530, man.
Cuba sentences last to 75 dissidents.
The last Yale sentences in a crackdown on Cuba's opposition were announced
as Secretary of State Colin Rowland Powell.
Condemn the campaign is despicable repression, despicable repression.
The series of trials none of them last any more than days been criticized by
governments and human rights groups around the world.
Cuba's government has said the trials are necessary to save its social
assistance from increased hostility from Washington.
The 75 dissidents have received sentences of up to 28 years.
There has never been anything similar to this in the history of Cuba said
El Azardo Sanchez, whose Cuban commission on human rights and national
reconciliation is moderately arrest and trials.
You know, this is where I agree with them 5,000 percent.
But when some of our South Florida Cuban community understands that
freedom in this country is really in jeopardy in Dave County, then we might
accomplish something first.
Let's take care of that first.
Then we'll get on the Fidel.
Makes sense to me.
People that scream a lot about freedom, but don't care about anybody else's
in their own community.
They don't hold much water with me.
Don't even know the definition of that word.
Yeah, that's right.
Liberty, partner Cuba.
How about for us?
How about for Dave County?
How about for everybody wants to speak their opinion?
Common East Act?
Common East Act?
Yeah.
It's the same old sack of tired crap that's been going on here for 23 years.
It's never going to stop.
They always be the same.
Always inflamed by the same assholes like Tomas Regolato and all the other
radio and TV commentators from the same pandering, the same old coods.
I was in Alta Boyle with Tomas Regolato Jr.
Oh, no.
How was he?
The priest said he was great.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Yes, Neil.
How you doing?
You connect somebody on the...
Well, let's go.
Let's get to it.
Rick Sanchez.
He's on there.
Oh, he is. I think the air I'm sorry.
Don't be sorry.
Have a good day, sir.
And back today, he's got three votes, by the way.
He's going to have four in a second.
This guy's going to race to the...
...and he's going to have four in a second.
He's going to have four in a second.
He's going to have four in a second.
He's going to have four in a second.
He's going to have four in a second.
He's going to have four in a second.
He's going to have four in a second.
He's going to have four in a second.
He's going to have four in a second.
He's going to have four in a second.
He's going to have four in a second.
We're playing Suzan's right now.
Yeah.
Moses.
inspiration for the Wayne Meister,
Pock Mark Ball headed geek that stuck in everybody,
and we still got pro player stadium over there,
and now we find out yesterday,
four years they've been on a business.
But he's too cheap to take the signs down,
put something temporary up there,
or even have the class to rename it,
you'll probably stay until they get a new sponsor.
Four years and they can't get a new sponsor for that stadium.
Like I said, Wayne, they all hate you.
W-Q-A-M.
Hey, Mr. Robinson.
Yes, sir, okay.
Listen, earlier this week you read
the article in reference to Carlisle Group,
and I went to your website to try to find the article,
but I was unable to locate it.
Right.
Can you give me the website that you are located at,
or I'll tell you what,
do we still have that story, Carl?
Yeah, we should have it in the features section.
I'll get it, and you can stay on the air.
Okay, just keep listening, I'll find it for you.
Okay, and I tried to click to the features section
because it said what you had on this week
will be on that section,
but I'm sure it wouldn't let me go to it.
And you said someone came from the Portugal,
so I'm not talking.
Yeah, that's right, from the Lisbon Portugal, right.
You know that we know the story, you talk about it.
In fact, I think I may still have it here,
I may have saved that.
Yeah, I just want you to get a copy of it in the short.
Okay, hang on one second, and let me thumb through,
let me stick my thumb in it.
Because I think I still saved that,
when I hope I did, go ahead.
And while you're talking from the reference
of the Fox News, definitely Fox,
I have been listening to you so much,
so I flipped over to it.
And at the end of the telecast,
I had to go ahead and notice the fair and balanced.
And guess who we had on as a panel.
Red Hume, Bill Crystal,
that kind of thing.
Where could I drag you in Fred Barnes?
Did he have to notice the fair and balanced?
Let the hell with the power.
All he needed was Heinrich Himmler to fill out the,
I can't, oh, here it is.
Here it is, right on the bottom, wouldn't you know it?
My luck.
It's from the Portugal News,
and it was on a common dreams website,
common dreams.org.
Common dream.
And it was the date was last Friday, Friday, April 4th.
Common dreams.org.
Common dreams.org April 4th.
Right.
Okay, you bet.
Have a great day.
US Arms Group heads for Lisbon.
That's the headline.
And I'm glad he inspired me, you know what?
Cause I have this other story about Haliburna.
It's not long, a bedtime story,
but it's very important.
By Elizabeth Becker with today's New York Times,
details given on contract.
Haliburna was awarded.
How do you like that?
All that business, my wilder, not gonna get in there.
Yeah.
The Pentagon contract given without competition.
Let me read that one part of the sentence again.
The Pentagon contract given without competition
to a Haliburna subsidiary to fight oil wells in Iraq.
Oil well fires is worth as much as $7 billion
over two years according to a letter
from the Army Corps of Engineers that was released today.
When are you people gonna wake up and understand
that a bunch of gypsies, trampes, and thieves
have taken over your country?
They stole the election.
Now they're stealing your tax money,
giving it to the rich and the big corporations.
And you people are sitting back there saying,
oh, all you, you're a bunch of un-American patriotic.
When are you gonna wake up and get the message?
What does it take?
Is there any hope?
No.
No, the uneducated message out there.
Manipulated by a few images they see
under little 23 inch TV screen.
God, how are Beale was right?
The contract also allows Kellogg, Brown, and Root.
The Haliburna subsidiary during as much as 7% profit,
which could amount to almost a half a billion dollars,
$490 million it says.
Half a billion, round it off.
The court released these new details
and led it to Representative Henry Waxman,
Democratic California, and one of the two senior lawmakers
who asked the GAO to investigate
how the Bush administration's awarding contracts
for the reconstruction of Iraq.
The reconstruction effort could cost up to 100 billion dollars
and become one of the most lucrative building programs
in decades.
No.
Are you listening to every word of this?
It could become one of the most lucrative building programs
in decades.
The contract to Kellogg, Brown, and Root
was cited in the lawmakers request of the GAO,
the investigative arm of Congress, Mr. Waxman,
and Representative John Dingbat, Democrat of Michigan,
asked that special attention be paid to allegations
that Haliburna has received special treatment
from the administration.
Vice President Dick Cheney was Haliburna's chief executive
from 1995 to 2000.
Many left the company to run for Vice President.
Mr. Cheney received over $30 million in compensation,
Mr. Waxman said.
Longing for Steeda.
Since the attacks of 9-11, Kellogg, Brown, and Root
is one significant additional business
from the federal government and the Pentagon.
It has built cells for detainees at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba
and is the exclusive logistics supplier for the Navy
and the Army, providing services like cooking, construction,
power generation, and fuel transportation.
How do you like that?
A bunch of crooks are running in the government
and everybody's running around waving a flag.
You flag waivers, man.
If it's for the troops, great.
OK, we love the troops.
We weep for the troops that were butchered over there.
And the ones that are still being held prisoner
and got on those, what's happening to them?
If they're still alive.
We weep, the real patriots weep,
for these people who have been used and manipulated,
whose lives have been thrown in a trash can
for a bunch of greedy ass robbers.
And that's what they are.
Robbers.
Pedal this damn thing.
And then they had a woman on yesterday
who was one of her relatives was killed in 9-11
at the World Trade Center.
And she's honor a black lady from New York
and she's carrying on about, oh, we have to do this.
And 9-11 and Sodom.
9-11 and Sodom, we can't forget.
What the hell did Sodom have to do with 9-11?
They have, they, you got to hand it to them
and they've done such an unbelievable job.
They made the linkage.
That's what they had to do.
On the anniversary of that, I remember that.
That's when they started doing it.
That's when they really went gung-ho.
They knew it would work.
How about that story that you have that, uh,
that Iraq's been planned for a long time before 9-11?
Right.
And how about the story we have from Hans Blixson
on our website today?
He says they didn't give a crap about
weapons of mass destruction.
That was just a ruse.
They were just plain with us.
Hans Blixson says that it's on our website today, boys and girls.
Oh, and you know what?
This is Grotesque, the Robert Fisk story,
but I'm going to read it anyway.
Where the hell have I got that here?
I got it right here, and I'm going to get to it momentarily.
Just a few bedtime stories.
Final proof that the war is about the failure of the human spirit
by Robert Fisk, it's enough to make you cry
and then take a look at the pictures on our website
that Carlos has been able to put on their head
and put blinders on to put them on their,
they're sober and keep in mind, those are just a few images.
We don't have the one in that little boy
with his arms blown off.
It learned her pits wrote about in the herald this morning.
Both arms blown off.
And he's saying to the doctors,
can you please get me my arms back?
Can somebody please get me my arms back?
And yet all some of you mindless assholes
can think about are the images.
Oh, you see them people parade around
waving their flags now,
they're saying to pull the statues down.
This wasn't about images.
This was about real living and breathing people
once upon a time, about real blood.
That not just a bunch of silly orchestrated images
on propaganda TV,
because everybody in their brother
and I was being intimidated,
except just a small handful of us
and a goose stepping in the line.
I'm disgusted.
I'm nauseated.
I am embarrassed to be an American right now.
I'm humiliated.
I'm degraded by it to see the level of thinking,
the level of lack of balls that exist in this country.
And then people have to come along and have balls.
Let's get them.
Let's book on them.
All that crap, okay?
As opposed to saying,
well, we disagree with you,
but you've got to write.
Now we can't just do that.
Same as the McCarthy era in the 50s,
let's black ball and let's have some witch hunts.
Let's get them.
Sick.
Sick.
And let me say it again,
like I said a couple of weeks ago,
each and every one of you who's supported this
in any tangible way,
just take a look at your hands.
Like that article by Jimmy Braslin said,
you can't wash the blood off your hands.
You can scrub with Ajax and Comet
and all the cleansed even five.
And you'll never wash the blood
of those people off your hands.
I'm not just talking about the Iraqi people,
the American people, the British people.
What am I getting so worked up about?
1042 at 5.60 QAM.
How many of you worked up at the beast?
The beast has lost 60 pounds today.
It's beast day.
It's beast day Friday.
And he better have a real good report
on this scale over here to my left.
He's lost 60 pounds.
The easy, delicious way balance for life.
And I want to tell you,
and this is the truth.
Since I've been back,
I'll tell you the truth like we said
on our podium today, to be honest with you.
The food this time from balance,
it just keeps getting better and better and better.
The rubin' wraps and all those great omelets and good stuff.
It's delicious.
So you don't have to figure anything out.
You don't have to go to the store and do any shopping
and ask yourself, what am I gonna buy?
What can I eat?
No cooking, no cleaning, no worries,
no caliber counting, no carb counting,
just great delicious food
that they bring right to your dough
by six o'clock every morning.
Your house, your work wherever you are,
three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks
are in your little black sack.
Nothing frozen, no artificial ingredients,
no preservatives, no crap,
just great fresh delicious meals.
And you get to choose between two choices
for each meal of you that you run
a balance for life program.
And the wait just pours off your body
and believe you me when I turn to this plenty of food
and you're to keep you satisfied all day long.
How long can you afford to be overweight
out of shape, lethargic, diabetic,
dyin' over there, stop it.
Lose the weight, look better and feel a lot better
too and live longer.
Balance for life is the place to call 954-568-3229.
954-568-3229, or check them out on the web
at balanceforlife.com and lose it once and for all.
Fly in local.
We're sports radio 560-CUA-G-A-M.
Ested.
Yes.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded
to dumb at people killed with the gas that we sold him.
First time aggressor nation and the only one that's going
now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korean.
The nooks there's no significant right wing
is drilling it over and over and to our hips.
That irack has some weapons of mass destruction.
3,000 people killed are now forgotten.
Let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be caught in going after satan too.
Plankato's sama, there's no longer mention of.
Unnamed is laudant but no one seems concerned all.
Humvee and complacent believe in every word of this cartel
administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation
and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our hips.
That irack has some weapons of mass destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the ass-crop business.
I have nothing to hide.
Cable's hawkers all are saved.
Blind obedience cattle don't have any reservation.
Bout of provoked battle ends.
World in annihilation.
Old regime must fall in half a virgin and stoke with no objection at all.
Timber crabs don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our brain wash heads.
I rack has some weapons of mass destruction.
Only I rack has some weapons of mass destruction.
Robert Fisk writes in yesterday's UK independent,
it was a scene from the Crimean War, a hospital of screaming wounded and floors running with blood.
I stepped in the stuff, it stuck to my shoes to the clothes of all the doctors in the packed emergency room.
It swamped the passageways and the blankets and the sheets.
The Iraqi civilians and soldiers brought to the Adnan-Karila Martyr hospital last hours of Saddam Hussein's regime yesterday,
sometimes still cleaning the severed limbs.
Are the dark side of victory in defeat, final proof like the dead who are buried within hours,
and war is about the total failure of the human spirit.
As I wandered amid the beds and the groaning men and women lying on them,
Dottie's visit to the circles of hell should have included these visions.
The same old questions recurred.
Was this for 11 September for human rights, for weapons of mass destruction?
An agend corridor I came across a middle-aged man on a so-tospital trolley,
he had a head wound which was almost indescribable.
From his right eye socket hung a hangar chief that was streaming blood onto the floor,
a little gurl lay on a filthy bed, one leg broken,
the other so badly gouged out by Shrepp Nelder in an American air attack
that the only way doctors could prevent her moving was to tie her foot to a rope
weighed down with concrete blocks.
Her name was Rawa Sabri, and as I walked through this place of horror,
the American shelling began to bracket the Tigris River outside,
bringing back to the wounded, the terror of death which they had suffered only hours before.
The road bridge I just crossed to reach the hospital came under fire and clouds of cordite
smoke drifted over the medical center, tremendous explosions shook the wards and corridors
as doctors pushed Shreke and children away from the windows.
Florence Nightingale never reached this part of the Old Ottoman Empire,
but a equivalent is Dr. Caldune Al-Bairi,
the doctor-in-chief surgeon, a gently spoken man who slept an hour a day for six days
and was trying to save the lives of more than 100 souls a day with one generator
and half his operating theaters out of use.
You can't carry your patients in your arms to the 16th floor when they're coughing blood.
Dr. Bairi speaks like a sleepwalker trying to describe how difficult it is to stop a wounded man or woman from suffocating
when they've been wounded in the thorax,
explained that their four operations to extract metal from the brains of his patients
he's almost too tired to think, let alone in English.
As I leave him, he tells me that he does know where his family is.
Our house was sitting in my neighbor's center message to me that they sent away some where I don't know where I have two little girls they are twins
and I told them they must be brave because their father had to work night and day at the hospital
and they mustn't cry because I have to work for humanity.
And now I have no idea where they are.
Then Dr. Bairi choked on his own words and began to cry and couldn't say goodbye.
There was a man on the second floor where the fearful wound of the neck.
It seemed the doctors couldn't staunch his blood and he was dribbling his life away all over the floor.
Something wicked and sharp had cut into his stomach and six inches of bandages couldn't stop the blood from pumping out of him.
His brother stood beside him and raised his hand to me and asked, why? Why?
A small child with a drip feed and it's no as lay on a blanket.
It had to wait for four days for an operation. It's eyes looked dead.
I didn't have the heart to ask its mother if this was a boy or a girl.
There was an airstrike perhaps a half mile away in the hospital corridor as echoed with the blast long and low and powerful
and it was followed by a rising course of mones and cries from the children outside the wards.
Below them in that worst of all emergency rooms they had brought in three men who had been burned across their faces and arms and chest and legs,
naked men with a skin of blood and tissues from the doctors pasted with white cream,
who sat on their beds with their skinless arms held upwards, each be seeking a non-existent savior to rescue him from his pain.
No, no, no, another young man screamed as doctors tried to cut open his pants.
He shrieked and cried and weaned like a horse.
I thought he was a soldier. He looked tough and strong and well fed but now he was a child again and cried, uma, uma, which means mommy, mommy.
I left this awful hospital to find the American shells falling in the river outside.
I noticed two similar to a tense on a small patch of grass near the hospital's administration building.
God damn it, I said under my breath, an armored vehicle with a gun mounted on it hidden under the branches and foliage.
It was only a few meters inside the hospital grounds, but the hospital was being used to conceal it.
And I couldn't help noticing the name of the hospital. Adnan Kerala had been president Sodom's minister of defense,
a man who allegedly fell out with his leader and died in a helicopter crash whose cause was never explained.
Even in the last hours of the Battle of Baghdad, its victims had a lion of building named an honor of a murdered man.
Lovely story, doesn't quite job at those glorious pictures you've seen last couple of days.
And you never see pictures of you see little tiny snippets of that on your TV news on all the talking head never swans and well,
but not too much because it's not good for business.
Not good for the image that we're trying to portray here in the pep rally known as the what we're calling it.
What was the operation Iraqi freedom? Excuse me, I can't remember it sick really sick.
Wally in deer field, one of our most chronic but most intelligent facts you says, you'll quote HL Mankin.
You'll never go broke under estimating the intelligence of the American people.
Isn't there a concept more evident? No, Wally, you're right.
Just put it on TV, pedal it morning, noon, and night, and they'll buy into it.
And anybody who disagrees is a scumbag.
Anyway, getting back to the pool, Bill O'Reilly somebody says pompous ass foxes own Bill O'Reilly. Amen. Got him on here. Got him. We got him.
Here's one. It says how about that evil self-centered domestic diva Martha Stewart and whatever happened with Martha Stewart.
She was going to go to jail. She was in a I still see that bitch on there all the time. Yeah channel surfing and even on the food channel teaching how to make little little little
Trots Max. Yeah, little yeah, Nick Max.
321 votes. Biggest ego of them all. Rick Riley one, OJ two, H. Wayne, how pingas up to four, but Sanchez four.
Alex Pinga, Picania, Penelas four. Larry King has got six.
40 50 dollars. George Rodriguez nine. Mr. Ego Steve can't eleven. Donald Trump eleven. Hank Goldberg 15. The O Rogers 22.
Woo. Howard Stern 24 George W. Bush 36. Donald Romance fell 36. Rush Limbaugh.
Lotta, lotta, lotta, 57. And more Howard David at 79. Boy, he is. He's just he's unbeatable. You know, on a pool like this.
He just opens up a five-legged thing. Lead and pulls away in the stretch. Just, uh, didn't even just with the whip up in the area. You know.
WQ I am. Okay, okay. Sounds like me. He got me a little off guard there. Good. I don't have any major input for your poll. How about some output?
But Martha Stewart. I either muffin. Oh, God. I did. No, please. Oh, God. Get out of here. It's almost lunchtime in this guy saying cock I like that.
Ooh. Put that finger down your throat, sweetheart. That's it. Give it out of your system. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 only AT&T and Verizon wireless line. WQ I am. Yeah. Yes, sir.
I want to talk to me. Speaking. Meal. Yes, I am. Yes, Bob. If we had gone to war like this two months after 9 11, do you think there would have been as much outpriced as there is now?
Why would we have done that? Well, as a matter of fact, we did go to war shortly after 9 11, but against the Taliban and Afghanistan, where the people responsible, why would you bring up 9 11 conjunction with this war? It's got nothing to do with it.
Well, I'm just saying if we had done this, but we didn't do it, sir, because now it's April the 11th, 2003. Okay. If took a crap and Carlos fell in it, you know?
I mean, this business, if we see this is one of the things about talk radio that makes me nauseous is people like this guy.
And you want to see one thing I've learned in my life, I've lived a long, long, sorted life, okay? I mean, interesting life. And the fact of the matter is one thing you must never do, like you cut yourself on something or you get an offender vendor and say, oh, if only I would have done, you can't do that because it's too late. It's already done. Yeah.
Try yourself not. Yeah, you drive yourself crazy. Thinking about, oh, if I would have just made that right turn a little slower, if I would have st-whatever it is, you know?
This war had nothing whatsoever to do with 9-11. The fact of the matter is 9-11 was the excuse. That was the enabling factor in our history that made it possible for this butchering to go on.
My and local. This is 4-0-5-6-1.
Way to way.
To Fudge back in.
Hello, Michael Eichert's office.
Eisner.
Yes, sir.
What the hell? Go ahead, finish it. What the hell?
Are you doing to me? Are you doing to me? That's right.
What did I do now, sir?
Piglet's big movie. Yeah.
Piglet's big piece of pink pole.
What an amazing success. We're so proud of the animation in that.
Something finished seven, Pfizer. Seven. Get all the money we spent on that runny little stuttering pig.
Like $80-90 million.
$93 million on piglet and open seven. It's going to take me nine months to make my freaking money back.
But- but sir, the animation is-
Oh, the animation is terrible. I don't know what you're talking about.
Hold on a minute.
Oh, yes, sir.
I got remus outside my-
Hang on, Pfizer.
Okay.
Remus.
Get in your bus. Remus, come in there.
Get in your bus. Stop jack-aboring, Remus.
What the hell are you doing?
Putting in a drainage system, Bob.
A drainage system?
Yeah, you know, a system of law and physical natural drains and ditches.
You know, used a drain of strip-buzz water.
I know what a drain is.
I don't need a drain. It's system in my office for heaven's sake.
I don't even have a water, Bob.
Eisner. Yes, sir. By the way, I forgot that.
How did the Oscars go?
Oh, funny. You should ask, guys. They're not my next topic.
Was it an amazing time?
What the hell? God had finished it.
Are you doing that?
Are you though in the me? Put me on stage with Jennifer Garner from Alias.
Well, we figured since she's on ABC.
I know what. I figure I do it just for the hell that it be fun.
I figure I get a little action afterwards.
You know what she says to me?
I'm married. I can't do that. You're my boss.
I don't want to go down that road.
Hang on a minute. There's an explosion in my office.
All right.
We're the...
No, Bob. We're the same as the white guy.
Rack! What the hell are you doing to me?
That black-root wall, Bob?
I'm not blasting through my walls.
I'm trying to have a phone conversation with my pub's president.
Get away from me. We just think like...
Come on.
Hi, sir.
Yes, sir.
What the hell?
Are you doing it to me?
Are you doing it to me?
But, sir, how did it go with Jennifer?
It didn't, I, sir. I got nothing. Nothing. Nothing.
You wouldn't even give me a hand.
Well, sir, you are a married man.
Ah, you know what? You sound like Minnie.
I went home. She said, oh, I saw her on stage with Jennifer Garner.
If you want me to watch one of your career, I said, I don't want to marry her, Minnie.
I just want to...
Bring it back. Come on.
Oh, Ramos! What are you doing?
Come and prove, Bob.
I'll get your crew out of here. I hear.
You're the only one.
What the hell?
Are you doing it?
Are you doing it to me?
Love it 03 and 560.
A day without Mickey is a day without sunshine.
And that would need a...
A need to use to say...
Who do you think is got the biggest ego we're going to add Madonna on there?
Somebody mentioned...
Sean from Hollywood mentioned that.
He also made a good point in this fact.
He says, remember, the campaign of 2000,
and they were screaming the out about how Clinton supposedly
decimated our armed services because he didn't spend enough on a military.
Right.
And now, the very same military that Clinton had during those eight years he was in office,
the very same military has just won his great victory in three weeks.
How about that?
How did that happen?
Huh?
This was the same military we were told.
I built Clinton just absolutely decimated.
The morale was down and they weren't getting the kind of...
It's just...it's just perfect.
Just tragic.
The swing to the right that this country has taken because of the propaganda
because generally speaking, a media now are controlled by a bunch of right-wing lunatics.
Who do you think is got the biggest ego?
Mojauer, David, 83, but...
He's got some big competition coming up.
That's right.
Rush!
Fadass, Lombard's up to 68.
Do we have that thing in here?
Oh, it's enough to make me nuts on it.
Not so, I don't know.
I have to get to this.
It's enough to make me play preparation, Rush.
Donald and Ramesfeld 42.
George W. has got 41.
He's moving up the list.
Neil Rogers 27.
Howard Stern 25.
Hank Goldberg 15.
Steve Mr. Ego Kane 13.
That's the reason he's only got 13 because nobody knows who the hell he is.
Donald Trump 12.
George Rodriguez has got 10.
Larry King.
Don't be 50 dollars.
Six.
Todd with Mayor Pingha Pakenia.
I think Larry's just an older version, an English speaking version of Mayor Pingha Pakenia.
With suspenders.
Rick Snatches 5.
Wayne Hive Pingha's got 4.
OJ's only got 2 and Rick Riley appear.
And Phil Henry Jennifer Lopez Bill Riley Martha's 2.
Riches Winup.
But they'll get some votes.
This is not bad.
Todd the Howard would also chronic says.
Good pull.
What country would most likely hide Sadama if he's alive after the war?
That's when we will do that next week.
Rumor is Russia.
We had that rumor yesterday, but he says France.
Didn't they put up Papa Dr. Valle?
France's never been addicted to they didn't love.
The French as I've told you for a long time long before all this rack business.
The French are pigs.
At least they're consistent.
Consistently pigs.
Maybe not the one I make he was just talking about, but pigs.
WQAM.
Hey, yeah, I'm hanging.
How about that Paul Cassinoa?
He's got a big ego.
Big Papa Sass.
That's an excellent one with no original material.
Yeah, and the other thing is he always tells everybody about how wonderful his show is, how big his boat is, his house.
He's got a big one?
Yeah, well, not really.
And the other thing is I don't know what ratio of school he went to, but he's always like, he doesn't know how he's a cost button on, you know, it's just terrible.
And that guy John Lovebid and all those people at IOD, whatever they do the news, they'll say the lead story and then they'll go, but first traffic and weather.
So it's like the world's going to end, but first we'll play with the traffic accident.
Right.
I mean, isn't that Peter Boulder idiot over there?
That's the one.
I mean, you know, breaking news, but here's the traffic and weather first.
That's right.
Anyway.
Bombs and homestead, but first here is the latest traffic, or it's sponsored by X-SIME.
I mean, it's the way I am.
You are.
And that John Lovebid didn't use to be on WS News.
He used to be my producer, sir. He is an unbelievable major asshole.
Well, you said it from your...
Well, he said it from another day and another time.
Okay.
And I have a... Hey, how about...
Do you hear about the Marlins with an F-Cheerleaders? Do you believe this?
I mean, what point do we stop?
I think Wayne's coming back to...
Now that they're teaching the Iraqis how to do the Hoki Poki is going to help out the new regime there. David Samson and the company teach the Marlin fans the Hoki Poki again.
Bring it back to the ballpark.
That's the right day.
Say goodbye.
John, no, seriously.
Because of the fact he couldn't drive...
I lived in Kendall.
The radio station was on a corner of Dixie and Ludlowm right down to her in South-Dade right near my house like five minutes drive away.
But because he couldn't drive...
I used to most nights I had to drive him home to North Miami at midnight after working eight to midnight, which I needed like a hole in the head.
Once in a while his wife would come and pick him up.
But he never let me know she was sitting out there waiting in a parking lot.
And he would sit down after the show and...
Back up while my friends in the black community and my friends are...
And they're going to this long thing about how when he used to travel with the doors.
And he used to think he looked like Jim Morrison.
And then all of a sudden I'd go in the...
We'd wander out in the middle room and I'd look out in his poor wife and be sitting there in a car waiting like 45 minutes later.
To drive him home.
I'd consider it.
And I'd think, well, better her than me.
Uh-huh.
Oh, what an asshole you are, John.
Love it. You're pathetic.
Nice job on Monday with that hyperventilating hysterical, funny report.
Jumping to conclusions.
Oh, Sodom and his sons were both in there. They're dead.
NBC says they're dead.
Are they dead? We don't know. We don't know.
Only the Lord knows. Only Allah knows.
And he works in very mysterious ways.
Only Vladimir Puntang and Jacques Syrac.
No, for sure. Where Sodom is hanging it out these days.
But there's John Love it.
This is what passes for broadcasting on Chief Channel, okay?
Because they got a bunch of guys that work Chief.
Only we got George and Carlos work Chief.
Everybody else here makes a couple of bucks.
Except for those. Well, like I said, most people here get paid squat.
That's because they got, listen, I can't afford to pay everybody.
They got to save it for me and Hank and Mo and I say, sure.
WQAM.
Yeah. You run it off your audience.
Yeah.
You're supposed to be.
Yeah, well, blow it out your ass. How do you like that?
Let me run you off right off the road.
I'm running off my audience when I subversive views, right?
Well, you know what? We'll find out.
We'll see if we have anybody left.
Looks to me, but a response on our website.
Somebody must be listening every day.
That we're getting about 200,000 hits a day on our website.
Somebody must be out there, Jackass.
Just because we're all not a bunch of those picking y'all who's...
Why don't you go up there and give Hoody Johnson a big French kiss.
I mean, a big freedom kiss.
Oh, sorry.
Yahoo.
I'm at it's after 11.
You know, I see some of my neighbors.
They got to make American flags on their doors.
They're fine. They're in title.
They couldn't intimidate me.
I got my opinions that I'm going to speak about.
Because I know what I'm talking about is correct.
And let me say it again.
A little less than a Froly on people out there.
Listen, let me say it one more time.
If you find yourself in agreement...
Nine times out of ten.
If you find yourself in agreement with the majority of people in this country,
you know that you're making a bad mistake.
If you find yourself way out on a limit of minority,
hey, I must be doing something right.
Keep in mind more people lead to McDonald's
than a Ruth Chris steakhouse.
Have you ever thought about getting a wireless phone?
Sure you have.
You know how valuable it is to keep in touch with your business associates
during the day, as well as being connected with your family at all times?
Don't postpone it any longer.
You get it done today.
Just call wireless city a team mobile authorized dealer.
Just call them now tool free at 1-888-22180.
And wireless city will deliver today right to your home or business.
Your new wireless phone ready to use.
Wireless city a team mobile authorized dealer can offer you service plans perfect for you.
Like their new 399 plan with 600 whenever minutes and unlimited weekends.
Call wireless city now at 1-888-22180.
Call today and receive the new small size Nokia 3390 with vibrating call alert and hands free.
Watch where you stick it.
Just call it 1-888-2218080.
Service agreement required.
See printed materials or authorized representative of wireless city for limited and complete details.
wireless city a team mobile authorized dealer call 1-888-2218080.
My life and local.
This is 4356.
You wait too way.
Third.
Still called day in front of my TV.
And I get mad at most of the folks I see.
I think their rather is not.
And Peter Jennings man what a price.
If you want my vote you should watch last year hold.
Shoo.
Shoo.
Shoo.
He works all day on MSNBC.
The wild Peter on that drives him up a tree.
Shepard Smith's a major tool.
And he ends there and brown is a fool.
If you want my vote you should watch last year hold.
Shoo.
Shoo.
Shoo.
Well he's so smooth.
It puts me in a dress.
He makes me feel funny in my pants.
Don't get me wrong I'm not gay but I'll tell you man if I was that way.
If he paradise just me less than hope.
Shamping all night and double like a dead vote.
I'm 15 at 560 WQM Happy Friday too we got the Josie for the mad dog of 1-7.
No, I totally always the guy here now Joe Rouse it's Joe Rouse.
Josie Gackie 1.
Hank Goldberg at 3 to hopper is in a million.
I guarantee he's going to have a lot of hockey talk probably talking for hours about that triple overtime game last night.
The mighty ducks of Brian Murray the mighty duck beaten a red winge 2-1.
Needless to say I watched part of the first overtime and I went to bed you know because and it's a good thing.
Because I'd still be sitting there.
Marlins on deck at 7 Marlins and the Braves at PPP Park man 735.
The Atlanta Braves.
Eddie K. after the baseball game and the SPN radio overnight because it's the weekend we don't have a lead in the motor.
You know have to worry about somebody says Jim Rome J and Tampa Jim Roman nightmare.
You go you're right we got him on there Jim Rome.
Roomy hey Roomy call me Roomy.
Isn't that what the the crow was his call me Roomy.
When do we I want to do what we call you Crow.
Anyway we got almost 400 votes on air.
Let me just a little instruction.
I don't want to any good because you can never get rid of the chronics like yesterday the two page which I wrote.
I can't wait about 10 words from Greg and from hunger.
First of all I don't read them when I see that it's the same old tired crap secondly if you're leaving if you don't like what I'm saying on the year.
I'm not taking instructions from any chronic or anybody else in the audience it doesn't work that way.
Just like those clowns for months we're calling.
Oh you know your show is so funny and we really but you know this political stuff a lot of your audience you know something not going to work.
I'm going to say I'm not going to be deterred from my appointed rounds and I'm going to do the show the way I want to do the show.
And I'm going to say what I want to say what I believe okay you can agree you can disagree you can listen or you cannot listen that's the point I'm getting to.
You don't need to fax me you don't need to call me okay if I'm driving you off all I have to say is.
Bye bye bye.
Have a great life thanks for listening to bad your whatever you have a great life find something else play part cheesy play with yourself go find something else on a radio get some CDs listen to some
or a chakowski whatever you like.
I don't care doesn't bother me at all okay I've been in this market for 27 years plus I have nothing left to prove here whether we get a one share or a 90 share to me at this point quite frankly I don't
give a crap okay I've done for these people in five years plus now we got to billboards thank you by the way great better late than ever but generally speaking with little or no support okay having to put together my own studio with 90% of the stuff in here that I bought
big than stole you know we've done a pretty damn good job here so I'm not I'm not some fledgling starting out here it's looking for to one of my doing the right thing you know I don't really care.
And I really mean that because obviously and especially with a response we get on our website every day those aren't people that are like subversives out there they're monitoring the show those are
people who are listening whether they agree or they disagree we have lots of people who call every day and say we don't agree with you on the war and I'm not going to change their mind that kind of
change mine but if you think that you're and especially these chronics I only wish you could let me show you let me show you let me show you one and you're
recognized even though you don't see the factors that much now it's not.
Oh this will kill some good time. Here you go you see this with a little tight this the little type with no address on the top ever you know this is the radio
chronic this is the one who only half hour ago breathlessly facts me the stuff about Phil Henry says this I don't care about Phil okay I'm disappointed in him but I don't
wish him any evil or any bad luck good luck to him okay he'll need it whatever I'm not a radio group I'm not interested but this is the same
chronic radio group about Orlando is going to do this in the monsters in the midday I'm going to and now he faxes to tell me he's leaving well let me say it again.
Oh that's what it took just like Greg from Port St. Lucie if this is what it took after all these years to get rid of your ugly and
Hallelujah hallelujah I have found the Lord for you would have known this sooner sweet Jesus I have found the Lord if this is what it took
to get out of my face you pathetic losers you you know lives who think that this is just your own private little club here who think that I'm just here to entertain you each and you know that's what they think this show is just for the for the
chronic the guy with the eyes the guy with a fanny pack the guy with a jack with a hands you know that guy I mean come on I'll say it again of course the morning show they don't get any calls anyway so when they do get a couple I got it they talk to the same
chronic everyday you know the more master chronic colors and factors are the kiss of them now we have a lot of fact about factors not so much because you can pick and choose you know but the
chronic colors are the kiss of death like baseball Steve and baseball Larry and the saying oh the pain is so great.
It's a big one oh yeah one my man my man how you doing my man not only man have a nice weekend Mo I hope that the masters if they actually do play hope it don't get to
exciting you want to flip your lid you know can you see that I wonder which PC wears at home in the house and I wonder do people are where two pays I mean bad ones or
even good ones that they take it off at night when I go to bed or they keep there's a glued on next to the dentures on the night stand right and would be bad like if you walk up in the
middle night reach over to like get your dentures and put them in your like put your hair piece in your purse oh talk about a furball WQ I am that this wall over you prefer
WQ I am. Yes sir. I got to go on. Okay. I don't have a computer that I'm at that to right now but I'd have to make my vote for you because when anyone
disagrees you don't give me a lot of time to kind of use their point. You mean like this 5 6 7 0 5 60 pot theaters and the
bunch of me instructions how to do the show okay we'll put you down pal that means I have a big ego what is that have they didn't even
understand the question he doesn't even get it maybe I'm an asshole okay that would be fine to be called worse. What is that I have to do with a big
ego look it up in the dictionary sir okay EG that's how you spell it EG Mo Howard David at 90 rush limbaugh 77 George W 46 down
to the number rumsfeld 33 I got 31 I'll take it Howard sperm 28 Hank Goldberg 19 Mr. Ego Stevekins
still with 13 because that's his audience that's it plus the people over the age of 100 that do listen to them they have no computer like this last guy.
You know low right guys like you sir that have no computer we have time for you so by by by WQ I am WQ I am. Yes sir.
Yes it is. Hey I think I'm coming through again it's my ego. I know I know I don't know if you saw the front line piece last night on the
P.D.S. or did not I was watching it. It was about how to deal with North Korea and how do we get this way with them it was
interesting to have a diplomat or a ambassador of South Korea and he said one of the reporters asked how did with the policy towards North
Korea and he said there is an apology right and then you go to Richard Pearl warmonger number one and and he says well that's not
true and that's not the way it is and you know we're not going to give them what they want and the
sanctions been worked and all this other than it was just interesting piece and you know but I don't want to
run for them I'm a million man army and and lots of weapons there so I don't talk on either which is kind of strange.
Yeah well they're a lot more dangerous than the Sodom was. Oh of course yeah and then Richard Pearl we should be on your
list. I've never seen anybody with a big ego and Ham who has kind of a problem. Yeah you're right he belongs on the
reason. Eric and the sneering piece of crap you're right. Many as he controls everything he's not in the
government but he has ties to everybody there and he pushes wars much as chain your own spelled you know
Richard Pearl P E R L A you know how to spell it so here's the story we got a facts from Jack thank you Jack love the
show he says he does one God's happy. Main suspects we had this on your website but from Fox News know less oh my
God so we'll have to check it out. Main suspect in US S. Cole bombing escape from Yemeni prison. You saw that
story where you must have because I had you put it on there. That's where they escaped from. Yaman Yemeni
30s were hunting for 10 of the main suspects in the 2000 bombing the US S. Cole after they escaped from prison today official
said the fugitives including chief suspect Jamal Al Badal we had been jailed in the port city of Aden since
shortly after the destroyer was bombed killing 17 American sailors. Officials that Aden's governor's office would not
say how to men escape early today but they quoted intelligence sources as saying security forces were out
enforcing a major search operation. Photos of the men were distributed into police and houses of the
escape men's relives were searched the official said on condition of anonymity official said the men might have left
Aden then headed to al-Qaeda strongholds in the northern province of Shabwa. Well it's an accurate okay see that's
who I'm worried about is al-Qaeda because they're still out there they're still there and hezbollah and Hamas and all these other terrorist groups that's why
I thought we were at war with. That's what we were told you know I guess there was a change of plan and nobody sent us the memo they didn't email us.
Let's see it says Rick Sanchez has been on MSC NBC for weeks now hopefully they fixed his ass. Yeah once in a while on CNBC they've been a gambling channel
they'd stick him over there for like 30 seconds for news update so they relegated him to the minor leagues because they are obviously well aware he is not ready for prime time.
The first time they saw him squat on the map of the Middle East they did I read now this ain't channel seven in Miami okay Rick this is worldwide MSNBC okay even
nobody's watching don't be doing that they couldn't stop it they give squatting every now and then he has that accident you know and when you eat all in burritos whoo Rick.
Anyways as I voted for him but it was difficult with Mohawar down the pool thank you Jack excellent choice.
91 votes for the Moe Meister the biggest ego going man the Moe Meister they love him almost as much as I do.
Rush Limbaugh big fat blow hard ultra right wing story maker just make it up as you go along flush George W. 47 Rumsfeld 44 yours truly 33 Howard's firm 29 Hank Goldberg got 20 votes Hank.
20 votes see we asked big ego we're talking about big girth come on Hank come on and talk some hockey Donald Trump 14 Mr. Ego Steve can't stop with 13 votes.
That's his whole audience under the age of 100 and was how to do a computer.
In fact let me put the period that's this whole audience under the age of 100 period George Rodriguez 10 see you put that under you put me up to that Rick snatches eight Larry King has got seven
Alex panellos six Wayne High Pingafor and then it's small things after that including some of the names we just put up there they'll move.
How's cash you know the cash you know we're getting a vote yet we don't want to leave old Paulie out.
He's got a vote only been on there for a matter of seconds.
And he's already got one for we don't want to leave because then he'll feel bad like we're leaving him out.
In fact he'll probably talk about this on his show Monday you see I got a book.
Get your own material will you Paul people are talking over God damn town about you will you.
Oh Paulie won't see him no more okay 26 past 11 at 560 WQM happy Friday to see we're in a good mood here today.
We try to interspersed lighten up a little bit then we hit you with somebody depressing stories but you need to know and that you know mix it up a little bit.
But you can't please them all in the faxes come pouring off the machine and they go right in a circular file getting pretty full.
Oh next I'm Roman air baby.
Take some room for some more good crap.
Oh look at this this this is the guy who was leaving moments ago you're a good looking guy but you know what you can rub your face in my turret.
How do you like that okay what do they think they're lying to with that.
Let me say this to you what do I if he is a good looking guy does that change my opinion welcome on that let's take a look at it.
Hey yeah.
Again every one of these people that threatens I can't listen to you anymore you're not going anywhere please please don't leave on bad terms.
Leave on any terms just go away.
Dr. Laura is on right now talking about communist or protesters.
Rush will be on it noon talking about the Clintons are murdering little babies.
I mean it'll be great.
Oh feel from Miami says.
Though I strongly disagree with your views I do not agree with people who wish to shut you up the freedom of this country lies you and me to agree or disagree without fear as a conservative pro or public and I support your right to the same freedom of speech.
That we're all entitled to in whatever form you were I wish to present no matter how or I else may disagree with it please be do me do me a favor do not stop do not relent keep on expressing yourself in a matter in which you believe I support you 100% I do wish to express my own point of view in the opposite direction and rest assured in the fact that neither one of us will change each other's mind but we can both support each other's right to speak what we truly great facts built for Miami thank you and you sure got your right like I've always said.
But I have a total of different point of view and I'm going to express it here's here's what America's all about right in that facts.
Oh it's in the basket but nevertheless that was a good fact very good guys got a brain that understands what it's all about.
Oh you're pissing us off the we don't agree with it fine fine get angry or just get lost but Bill and Miami gets it thank you Bill not an ellipse just on the cheek.
28 past 11 at 560 W.
Who I'm the Joseph Ackie pregame show is on here if you've got pets bark Avenue pet resort is the place to love your dogs will lick all over you
even if you don't want them to have to take them to bark Avenue because it's the only all natural pet resort in the USA.
It's like giving your pets a day at the spa your pooch will socialize all day with pals and soft-matted players and always under the supervision of
counselors who really love dogs these aren't just some people running a business somewhere they're going to throw your dogs in a cage like most places by the way like that horrible story we had about those golden
retreat that story almost brought me to tears that was a horrendous so if you don't want to play Russian roulette with a healthier dogs this is the place to take a
bark Avenue a full service five star resort offering boarding and large-towel sweets they offer daycare expert grooming on all breeds of dogs when you see the place online which I've checked them out you're going to be very impressed with the clean of this and when you walk in there with a lack of smell as well
of this 10,000 square foot luxury facility see for yourself at bark Avenue is all about you can check them out online whether you're just checking them out right now or whether you board your pet there when you go on vacation no matter how far away go online and you can kind of like
inspect and see how they're doing and everything is okay which it will be check them out at bark app pet resort dot com that's bark a VE bark app pet resort dot com and you can take a virtual tour or take a real tour and go inside at bark Avenue any
Monday through Saturday at 1400 South Federal Highway in Hollywood just one light north of Pemberton Road here's a place you can trust your love pets to bark Avenue pet resort
column at 9.5.4 9.25 bark 9.5.4 9.25 bark for boarding grooming and daycare be sure and tell them that old dog love a meal sent you by to bark Avenue pet resort
by the local business is five cities the radius of yours you am
who I am I'm all green I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders
just right back and you'll hear the tale of Peter our net the bumbling reporter set the stupidest thing yet he goes on my rackety
me and talks out of his butt now he can work the drive through with the bag that feeds a hunt should I kept his big mouth shut
and we see as heard of them they can't this idiot people seem no one in bed and rose dead on a spit the said it had a fit
to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to
be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be the right to be race has similar to one LP
or this
I'm going to show you guys a couple of things.
First, I'm going to show you guys a couple of things.
First, I'm going to show you guys a couple of things.
First, I'm going to show you guys a couple of things.
First, I'm going to show you guys a couple of things.
First, I'm going to show you guys a couple of things.
First, I'm going to show you guys a couple of things.
First, I'm going to show you guys a couple of things.
First, I'm going to show you guys a couple of things.
I'm going to show you guys a couple of things.
I'm going to show you guys a couple of things.
I'm going to show you guys a couple of things.
I'm going to show you guys a couple of things.
I'm going to show you guys a couple of things.
I'm going to show you guys a couple of things.
I'm going to show you guys a couple of things.
I'm going to show you guys a couple of things.
To which we say, yeah, I like it.
He's a hoot.
A lot funnier than Jay Leno, I'll tell you that.
Which in sin much.
Think of the possibilities the crossover demographics would result in
Tellemundo finally beating Spanish media giant Univision.
The Iraqi Information Minister, Muhammad Sayed Al-Sahaf on his own TV show
can lie about the Nielsen ratings.
In his own words, Tellemundo's enemy Univision and Duchess are competitor,
but they are louts, bloodsucking vasters, wet dogs, war criminal
and a bunch of creeps.
In addition to the fact that they are louts, bloodsucking vasters, wet dogs, war criminal
issues, tellemundo's show.
He would tackle tough local political issues like mirror Alice's analysis
not a crook.
How Barbara Kerri congestive our position with Dave County Schools?
Murriam Alonso and her husband, Leonel, were framed.
How the mommy airport projects are way under budget.
The Iraqi Information Minister, Muhammad Sayed Al-Sahaf
and his show would add an international flier by hosting world leaders
like Videl Castro with topics like communism, people who love it
and an era fat topic, those Dan Jews are taking my shoes and Syria the next
Middle East utopia.
The possibilities are endless not to mention the ratings.
At this time we would like to request you forward this email to all your friends
so our voices are loud and clear.
You have the Iraqi Information Minister, Muhammad Sayed Al-Sahaf
his own TV show. Please, and you are absolutely correct.
Thank you, Manian Coral Gablesus, his show.
But when there's another one for you, all you naysayers, that's two.
The last two facts is they love the show.
56670560,
and Verizon Wireless Line.
Well, I can't wait till Joseph Kacking gets on here one o'clock.
Now let me ask you this.
Since I had that half hour drive back home, what am I going to listen to between?
I guess I got a few CDs.
No, I mean, I can't wait till he comes in because we like to a lot, but on the year.
W-Q-A-N.
What am I going to do?
No.
Yes, sir.
Hey, what's up? I got a jackass call.
I'm not with Gossi.
Legassi?
Yeah, that was the fam guy.
So I'll eat this food.
Emerald.
Oh, Legassi!
Fam!
Yeah, you're right. Excellent choice. Thank you.
Emerald, EMERIL.
Got it? EMERIL.
L-A-G-A-S-S-E. Gassi.
Now he's calling the Gassi, man.
Remember the juicy man, when the 90-year-old guy with a big eyebrows like Andy Rooney?
The juicy man.
Who's only 35? He just drank too much carrot juice.
With a bright white hair?
Yeah, with a bright white hair that practically blows your eyes off. I balls off on your screen.
But, Emerald.
Fam!
Fam!
With that awful, awful, new England, I always study with New York accent.
But they tell me he's New England.
I thought he was New York, too.
They got a, um...
New England guy.
Bob Montgomery used to have a color on a Red Sox games on TV, and then I think he croaked,
and they brought in Jerry Remi, who sounded just like him.
That same awful, Boston song.
And now they got a guy doing a color.
They got that awful, boring, uh...
bald Sean Namikdome.
Doing a play by playing the college hockey tournament.
And the color, guys.
One of those stereotypical New England guys with that, an awful, awful, a heavy...
I mean, I love Boston. Don't get me wrong.
People are wonderful, and the food is great.
Uh, but...
Man.
Shout out, that's good.
That, but the sound of that accent is...
And this is on a national telecast, too, you know.
I can understand if it's a regional thing.
And by the way, is there a worse hockey announcer in the world than Dale Arnold?
Oh, my God. He makes Chris Morissar like Bill Hewitt.
Get him out of there.
Dale Arnold.
Fred Cusick would be...
I guarantee you, Fred Cusick will turn over in his grave when he dies.
Let's bring Fred Cusick back.
I put the Bruins 5 couple of games.
Three.
Sorry to my Bruins fan out there, but I do...
I warned you.
They got two shots, none.
Kind of like the Leafs in the second period against Philly, they got two shots.
One went in by the way, nice go to Ty dummy.
Oh!
Reported on ABC a news last night with that the Ministry of Oils being protected by US troops.
Oh, thank God for that.
Thank you, Carl.
Carl Amu, who's of course, Kindermario.
Another big hockey fan.
Time to hang it up, Mario.
Here's one.
Notice this writing?
Chronic Factor, but very good.
Yeah, we already had this WWJD.
What would George do?
Remember George used to work here?
Says Joe Z.
Question Mark, have you ever noticed he can waste about five minutes giving something as simple as a ball score?
He must get paid by the word.
Are you knocking our good friend, Joe?
Here's the guy he sucks, okay?
Okay.
Example.
Last night at Marlon's beat the Metz in the 9th.
What's the guy's name?
One Pierre beat the Metz in the 9th last night.
Oh, I said...
And he's just repeating it.
That's right.
Sorry for the awful handwriting, you're God.
WD...
What would George do?
What would George Zagaki do?
Huh?
Don't be knocking it because the audience is done.
I wanted him to start the show.
I don't want to ever tell people how to do their shows, but I'm really hoping somebody will pass this long.
When you sit down today, Joe, everybody wants you to say...
Oh, Mike!
Oh, Mike!
Oh, Mike!
Oh, Mike!
I'll guarantee you, I'll boost those numbers up.
Oh, here's an excellent choice.
How could we forget, especially haven't been in the news lately?
Been in the Fox right-wing news lately?
Haraldo!
Ta!
Haraldo, an ego that's bigger than life itself.
And an IQ that just like what he found in Al Capone's vault.
Empty.
Pathetic.
Got him on here?
He's on.
How about the...
What is this?
Oh, yeah.
No, I don't think so.
I don't think so, Scott.
There's a song he wants here that we ain't going to be playing no more.
Sorry, Scott, but you better get used to it.
No, because we're not even going to say crap anymore in here.
In fact, just one last time, okay, here we go, boys and girls.
That's it.
Well, here's that no more.
What are you laughing about?
Because it's funny.
And you can tell your little pudwack and Julio Buddy when he gets back that he better clean up his act.
No more that eating ass talk.
So what's he going to talk about?
Religion.
Palestinians.
Religion.
Palestinians.
He wants to get laid.
Religion.
Palestinians.
That's it.
No more.
No way.
Are you going to be out on your ass?
I mean, on your keystone.
What's that word that Mo uses?
Oh, Pitu.
You know, I'm serious.
I mean, you talk about Fuddy, Duddy.
I'm an old fart myself, but even I'm a fender.
Wanna hear something?
Just say ass, okay.
We can say ass.
Or butt.
What was that?
But Mo said Pussy today on the air.
Who did?
Mo.
And Goldie has had a fit.
He's like, come on.
Like all offended that used that kind of language on the show.
He said, the Geldier of Pussy.
Well, what's wrong with that?
I think he's right on target.
Even the Miguel just came in and said, we all know that.
Geldies are real pussy.
Yeah, look at that.
He said, oh, who's kidding?
Well, you know, he is.
He's got to sit there and suck up to that silly old man every day to keep his job.
He does it for a survival.
He's got a wife and a little kid.
He's got a very hot wife, I heard.
Does he?
That's what Miguel says.
What do you give him here?
Look, that's right.
I forgot.
He's got a hidden talent.
Right.
He likes to go yard.
18 till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
Get out of the yard and go to the Emerald Coast.
That's my suggestion this weekend.
All of these depressing and pressure things going on in the world.
It's like, it's like we're living in a goddamn pressure cooker.
You know what?
I thought you'd agree.
Emerald Coast is a place you can escape from all of these pressures
and go out there and just take your time, have a nice leisurely feast.
Not just a meal, but a feast.
I mean, they got so many different things to choose from.
There you'll be scratching your head which you eat first.
They got so many.
I think a lot more than that.
Six different soups alone at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffets with three great locations.
Dozens and zillions of succulent phrase.
Not just Oriental stuff, but other goodies as well.
Kinds of salads and beef dishes and chicken and seafood.
You name it.
Oriental surf and turf on a weekends.
New York strip steak all the time made a order in their great gourmet center.
That's a sizzling Asian grill.
See, I got to take this cough trap.
I'll, um, call them.
Well, I had a little scratch because I'm sitting here screaming today.
And we got some of these halls sugar free, which means I'll be going out of here real quick in a few minutes.
Let me see it again.
The Asian grill.
What is it?
The gourmet center.
A sizzling Asian grill with tear-deckly steak, shrimp, chicken, seafood, and hand-car-prime.
Cooked your order, by the way.
The Emerald Coast promote Southeast Living to no crap.
No MSD, no cornstarch.
And they use only cholesterol free oils and all of their cooking.
And the Ofea The Emerald Coast features a full salad bar, new suci bar, fresh room cocktail, and...
...if that isn't enough, Emerald Coast famous lobster festives back to.
Featuring lobster thermonors and lobster bisque.
Bring a big, hardy appetite and a shovel to put some in your pants because the dessert bar is amazing.
Pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream, all your favorite toppings, and even fresh root.
It is some kind of a feast.
Everything is fresh and delicious to no mushy crepe at The Emerald Coast.
Like I said, they have three locations for you in sunrise.
They're at Pine Island of 44th Street, on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd, north by Mebeach, and at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke Roads in Pembroke Pines.
Emerald Coast accept reservations, take on delivery available as well.
Call them at 9.5.4.5723822.
If you go under the one in sunrise and Richards around, just say, Gold Eve's going might not be a couple bucks off the price.
I doubt it. Just say Gold Eve's going, Richards, he'll put a smile on his push.
9.5.4.5723822 for the world famous, the best in the universe, Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
My name is Rilngar. We are sports radio fighters.
2 am.
What's that in your mouth?
No, here are several examples on how phrases and terminology from the Iraqi War have entered every day water cooler talk.
Hey, Bobby, Jesus, good to see you.
Hey, how are you, buddy? How are you, Bobby?
Not so good, not so good.
Really, what's the matter?
It's pops.
Oh, your father?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You hide him like a year ago, right?
Yeah, that's not working out.
Are you kidding?
Yeah, I'm gonna have to come loose.
You got a backdad?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hey, by the way, how you feeling?
You know, I'm doing okay.
You watch NCAA tournament last night.
Oh, I can't have the basketball on my house.
Oh, why not?
Well, my god, I went out for the high school team.
Yeah?
Things didn't go so well.
Oh, what happened? They cut her.
Oh, that's terrible.
By the way, what's wrong with you, buddy?
I'm a little pale.
Yeah, you look pale.
Terry, sweatin'.
What's wrong?
I don't know if it's a cold.
You know, I woke up, I just didn't feel so good.
Is it something, yay?
I don't know, I got a little touch and not so real.
But, but forget about me.
How you doing?
I heard last time you were in New Low on funds.
Yeah, I've actually been spending too much, you know, down to the casinos.
Yeah, you've been going crazy, haven't you?
Yeah, I'm gonna need some help, actually.
Need some doha?
Yeah, I can use a couple bucks.
Yeah, can't help you.
No?
I got a little case of shorts myself.
Yeah.
You look scared, though.
Yeah, I don't know what's gonna happen to me.
You scared?
You got the guys after you?
Yeah, Tommy downtown's looking for me.
You kick me?
Oh, yeah?
Oh, geez, no, what are you afraid?
Oh, yeah, of course I am.
Hang in there, don't be afraid, he's cat.
It's 1148, 12 minutes to load at 560 W on a pretty dang good Friday.
I'll say one thing, this week has been sensational.
Maybe the fact George isn't here, it's just a coincidence.
What do you think?
Now, what would you rather have, diarrhea or an azeria?
Join Marlon's broadcaster, Luke Shombie tomorrow at Noondah2 at Rick K. Sakurai.
Everybody, hey, located, I have miles south to sunrise on 441.
Stop by to win some prizes, register to win Marlon tickets,
and enjoy free food from our friend Ira at Atlantic City Sub's.
And the bread and all of that.
No more Scott at Atlantic City Sub's.
Get there early and get some free food from the Mughmeister.
Say, hey Mugh, do we need to talk that way off the air or what?
Because he doesn't.
Noondah2 at Rick K. Sakurai, it's a put on, that's all.
He wants to be the next Mark Morgan of sports.
I'm sorry, clearance, sports.
I'm getting pounded.
Yeah, you are, you're in first place again, Mughman, I'll tell you.
He owes me about 50 million from all the publicity I've given him on his station.
What's our record for votes just during the day before we get on the show?
Yeah, I'll never come close, I think like 800.
Oh, well, this isn't that kind of a poll, this is just fun.
Just thought we were doing great.
No, no, we're doing great.
Now, 800, this, this poll, not a what, about 10, I mean, 935, 940, something like that.
Right.
Let me say that.
How many minutes after nine did this poll go on?
About 30, man.
And you got 486 votes there.
That's in two hours and 20 minutes.
That's pretty heavy duty, Mr. that's not bad.
Oh.
Plus, let me tell you two more things.
On Fridays, they realize the poll's going to be up there all weekend long till Monday morning, okay?
So they're not like plus Friday is always the weakest day of the week are poll and I guess listening wise don't ask me why I don't know.
Maybe people are going away for three day weekends.
Maybe they're hiding under the table.
Maybe they're going up to the masters to boycott the other the tournament.
I don't know.
See if it's still raining.
We sure like to get some information about that because we don't have mad dog at the masters anymore.
He got that lot of there.
He said he said he had a great time, but he enough was enough like Vegas.
You know, when somebody says to me, I'm going to Vegas for a week and I look at them like, are you crazy for a week?
Throw money away.
I go to Vegas for three days, maybe four at the most.
To me, a nice three day weekend, there is fine.
Okay, I can lose plenty in three days.
No, seriously, but a week.
How could you possibly I can see people who don't gamble.
Some of the snores, okay?
I can see the people going there for the buffets and they got nothing else to do.
They'll stand in line for two and a half hours waiting to get their cheap buffet.
Okay, seriously, have you ever you never been to Vegas?
No.
You want to see the lines for the buffets and some of those places.
I mean, the lines that go around like from here to a Jupiter.
I mean, the planet.
I feel like three thousand different cheap places, good places to eat at Vegas.
And making a difference because the buffets are very, very cheap.
They give you like steak and prime rib and stuff like that for like $4.99.
You know, it's just a come on.
So now, see, I've never been able to understand that.
Some of these are, and I've granted, some of those people are snores.
They're getting our gambling much and they're just there for a freebie.
But most of those people are people who are plunging their guts in the casino,
losing hundreds or thousands of dollars.
And yet they'll stand online for two and a half hours to get a bargain dinner
when they can go to so many great restaurants in Vegas that you don't have to stand online for hours.
No, Tendo.
No, Tendo, a key.
Oh, I gotta play that.
I don't, I can't play it. I took it home.
Oh, crap.
I have to play it Monday.
Because I love that Bob and Tom see the, I have to put it in my little sack and I had it in the car.
Damn it.
Anyway, here's the fact that says, Dirty Old, thanks for rooting my day.
I have two young children can't get the image of that poor innocent child who described asking for his arms back.
He lost because of this war.
It made me cry.
I'm sure it made him cry too.
You think that Rumsfeld, Rush Limbaugh, President Bush, Tommy Franks, and Worcester Ball, Dick Cheney Careless?
You're right, they couldn't care less.
It's part of all these all we send our, and you'll notice he keeps giving condolences to the Americans
and the British who have died and their families.
He never wants to send anything about feeling sorry for any of the poor Iraqi people who have been died in butchered and their kids sliced up.
It's been bothering them.
Not a word.
Not a word, El Presidente.
What are they just collateral damage?
Is that what it is?
You jackass, you dumb-bo, what can you imagine on that station they put on the air?
When the first Iraqi people saw Bush on the one side and then they saw Tony Blair on the other side.
And there's Tony Blair, very articulate and speaking on a very, I mean, a brilliant man, even though it was sometimes ill advised, but nonetheless, a great man of words, a great speaker.
And then, well, let me just tell you, yeah, come on down, come on down on the ranch.
I'll show you a thing or two.
We're going to whip him.
We're going to whip him.
We whipped him pretty good.
We're going to go to Syria and whoop there ass.
What is that?
The beating that guy's ass.
I don't know what four, but this guy right here was kicking his ass.
Yeah.
Stereoca Par.
Again, it's a vast party official in that.
So a very angry mob.
This is outside of a hospital.
He's trying to climb over the fence there.
I ain't in it.
He can't go over to fence.
Apparently that crowd able to beat him on the ass of the show.
Doctors from the hospital, though, did help him to escape and some members of the mob.
Look at the size of that hole in the window in the hospital.
Nashed in order to conceal their identity.
But certainly a lot of anger residual.
A great surprise to buy debt at Sedams men, the original bath party officials.
So you see that scene coming to us again from Italian TV and somewhat disturbing those pictures.
Yeah, somewhat disturbing him.
I thought everything was coming up roses.
And that what we heard everybody smiling and their dancing, their dancing, the horror.
Huh?
It's going to be New Disneyland.
That's what I heard.
In fact, it wasn't that general gardener they sent over there.
I heard it was.
He's going to build a real palace over there is what I'm hearing.
Anyway, this fact says, oh, I think they found me.
There's a knock on the door.
And Frank and I are going to hide now.
Pray for us.
Oh.
Now what's that and Frank Bitt that we've got?
Oh, I know what it's called.
It's called.
In the tradition of the disaster musical comes Andrew Lloyd Webber's Jews in the attic.
The Anne Frank diaries.
You'll leave the theater humming those catchy tunes like no more beans.
I'm writing all this down.
Don't flush till a Nazis go home.
I'd turn in my parents for a stick of the odorant.
It's Jews in the attic.
The Anne Frank diaries.
CD available now.
Okay, well, guess what this just came in.
The biggest former Egos and Neils world the world, the bird number one six million votes.
Captain Dave about 30 man it says famous last quotes.
Dan the man.
Since this famous last quote, I thought Neil I would be doing the New Roger show together forever.
Said the bird.
Hey George, how's your vacation?
And I hear Treasury, Treasury, I'll need the back room of poultry cleaner says.
Dan the man.
Excellent job, Dan.
Long live the bird.
Rest in peace.
I bet he's still cackling somewhere.
He's cackling in the box.
USC UCF Kenny who's obsessed with this show even though he don't like my opinion on the war.
That's okay.
Like I said, you're entitled, even though you're wrong.
He says I heard you mentioned the monsters of the midday after being in Orlando for a year.
I'll rather throw him.
No, it's bad reading it with what these halls mental lip this with a sorbitol.
Which make you just crap your oil.
That's right.
I forgot you can't say crap.
Here it is for the last time ever before they come and get us.
I heard these guys a few times.
They're a bunch of corny, unfunny phoneies in the world of great radio.
It's Howard Stern number one to your Rogers number two.
Everybody else sucks the big ones as UCF Kenny.
I'll take that.
Huh?
Considering you only have one market.
Considering I have one little tiny market agent who's a stone all the time, who's busy going to ballgame,
is calling me and bugging me at home about stuff I could care less about.
That has nothing to do with me.
I think I'm doing pretty damn good for an old fart.
Okay, not to toot my own horn and have a big ego.
Now, I don't care what anybody says.
How you can work in this market like I have for all these years and have any ego left.
No, every day you do the show.
It's like what are you going to do first today?
What are you going to say today?
Like it's your first day.
Every day is like the first day because it's an unfriendly, basically, hostile town.
But on the other hand, there are those people out there who are loyal.
The silent majority.
The silent, whatever they are.
Huh?
The masses.
And you know what they say about the masses.
Let them eat halivas.
Know what they say?
That's what they said when they got into a bag there.
Let them eat halivas.
They said, fat.
Tha'in.
503 votes.
Emerald Agasse just went up there.
He didn't have any yet.
New is Jim Rome.
Come on.
Rome needs your help.
Haraldas got one Richard Pro. 1.
Rick Raleigh's got a pair.
Castronov is up to three with Phil Henry and O.J. Simpson and Martha Stewart.
Madonna's got four.
Jennifer Lopez five.
Alex Pingapicania's got seven tied with Wayne Heisenga.
Oh, match made in heaven.
I love it.
Rick Assange's with eight.
George Rodriguez and Bill O'Reilly with 11 a piece.
Larry King with 12.
Don't say that.
Let me 50 dollars.
Uh-huh.
Okay, please.
Mr. Rico Steve King 14.
He's moving up in the world.
One.
Donald Trump 17.
And now the stand things moving around.
I may hate that.
Trump 17.
Hank Olberg 24.
Howard Stern 35.
The Arranger 37.
Donald Rumsfeld 48.
George W. Bush W.
Heisenga 56.
Rush Limbaugh 90.
How do you like that?
Lardass.
And Howard David and 108.
Still in first place.
Rush can't catch a man.
A big tub like Rush just can't catch up to mold.
For an old coupe, that mold runs pretty good for like 75.
I'll tell you guys it's been a while.
A long time.
A good close personal friend Jeff Cohen at the pizza lot.
Don't forget, paysox is coming in a day.
That's what they call it in China.
Passover.
And for Passover for people who figure,
why we can't go eat pizza or lasagna or pasta?
Guess what?
Every Passover, including this one,
Jeff Cohen makes for you special.
That Mots of Pizza and Mots of Lasagna.
And it is delicious.
In fact, for my money, the Mots of Pizza is just a little bit better than some of the other kinds.
Three other kinds are great pizza too.
The world famous Fogazza Pizza with the Spice Onions, the New York original thin crust pizza,
and the Fixa Siliano.
Sichiliano.
And they got all your favorite pasta dishes.
Big fresh portions, chicken and veal and seafood, calzone, super subs.
Everything is cooked fresh to order.
It is delicious and one of the best parts about pizza loft is the prices right.
Not as low as the Rimmers pay, but pretty close to it.
You find two pizza loft locations where they do catering, where they have take out delivery waiting for you.
University drive between Griffith and Fod 95 is the original Broward Pizza loft with tons of free parking,
called 954-916-8880.
For lunch for dinner for late nights snacks, you can't beat the pizza loft with a stick.
954-916-8880.
And don't forget the same great deals and the same great food waiting for you at the brand new plantation location
of pizza loft, right behind Walgreens and the corner of Navhil and Sunrise.
For take out and delivery there, call 954-382-1999.
954-382-1999.
Tundra Old Neal sent you by for a whale of a meal at the pizza loft.
I am low.
This is sports when you'll face it.
You will, yeah.
I'm from O'Ele and I'm a rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
I'm the most attractive and available woman in all of Miami.
Golden Girls Gone Wild!
These hoties with hot flashes are going topless every chance they get!
Except when their arthritis flares out.
No, I'm never even open my eyes again.
It doesn't give any sexier than this!
But don't you think that's the most difficult thing to do?
Take our word for it!
Listen to what the Golden Girls are saying about each other!
She looks like he ain't for gold!
It's Golden Girls Gone Wild!
Watch it just one time and you'll agree!
Dark day in the history of mankind!
Golden Girls Gone Wild!
Colnow!
Provo 20560 WDQ, I'm happy Friday to you!
Paul Krugman's column, it's on our website today from the New York Times Conquest and the Glac-
I just want to read a little bit.
Can I do that?
I can't.
He says, one has to admit that the Bush people are very good at Conquest military and politically.
Focus all the retention on an issue, they pull out all the stops, they don't worry about breaking the rules.
This technique brought them victory in the Florida Reconqu Battle, the passage of the 2001 Taxcut, the fall of Kabul, victory in the midterm elections, and the fall of Baghdad.
But after the triumph when it comes time to take care of what they've won, the retention wanders and things go to pot.
The most obvious example is Afghanistan, the land of Bush Administration forgot.
Most of the country is back under the control of fundamentalist warlords, unpaid soldiers and policemen are deserting in droves,
remember that the Bush Administration forgot to include any Afghan aid in its last budget.
Oh, we forget that?
Ah!
Maybe we'll have to cut out some of those tax cuts for the rich?
No.
Oh, okay.
No.
President Karzai's brother, Ahmed Wally Karzai told an AP reporter, it's like I'm seeing the same movie twice and nobody's trying to fix the problem.
What was promised to Afghans with the collapse of the Taliban was a new life of hope and change.
What was delivered?
Nothing.
Everyone meaning the warlords, they're all back in business.
How do you like that?
And we got these towns calling me up, giving me, oh look at that, we got rid of the Taliban and now we got rid of Saddam, yeah, and then what?
Like we always do, which is why the Taliban got in in their first place thanks to our good friend the Pakistanis, because we haul ass.
Once we achieve our objectives, then we haul ass and leave the other, that's why Bush didn't say make any comment about the poor Iraqi people or the little kids.
No, you don't care.
We're in there for Haliburton and for Exxon and for a big oil and big business and for the friends of Dick Cheney and the Richard Pural and all of these go in.
And whatever else they are and Wolfowitz, that's what we're there for, baby.
Oh, but it's the glorious freedom fight, my ass.
And let me say it again, yeah, this is the same bunch of people that talked to you about duct tape and vis queen.
And people took it seriously, became one of the biggest jokes of my lifetime, duct tape and vis queen, even big boring Tom rigid.
Had to admit, well, you know, save it for next time.
I'm sorry, you're carrying small, I'm sorry.
It's small material, let me steal on for mode, Tom.
Okay.
And we're supposed to be believing anything they tell us.
We're still waiting to find those weapons of mass destruction. We're still looking.
Find them yet?
No.
I'll pest the cybers.
Pretty nasty stuff that can kill bugs.
Here's the fact that it says strong points for being pro anti-war can be made, but I have to admit it's easy to get drawn to the war you for you after seeing what the brutal duct tape has done to its people.
Nonetheless, how the hell can you emulsify so many groups with such uncivilized ancestral crap, spiced with a dash of religious fanaticism?
Last time I checked after our salvation missions, Haiti is still a corrupt toilet bowl, and F. Garb, Biggest Dan is a heaven haven for travel worlds, which I just read from the Krugman column.
I hope to be proven wrong, but there's something history has shown garbage in garbage out.
There you go.
Same old crap.
And they show these selective sites on air and man, hey look at that.
You see that? How could anybody poo poo that you want American son of a bitch? Well, guess what? You're looking again selectively.
You're not using your brain, whatever you got left of it. It's been emulsified like so many of those people.
How could anybody possibly believe their bull crap? That's what I just for the life of me don't understand.
I'm going to repeat what I said yesterday if you're a very, very ultra rich looking for your tax cut son of a bitch.
If you're a born again Bible thumping fanatic religious, if you're one of that crowd, that's the only reason you ought to be behind these people.
Everybody else ought to be saying, get me out of here, get them out of here. They ought to be screaming bloody murder if you pardon that expression, but they're not.
Because it's a pull driven crowd because most of the people are like lemmings like ostriches, like the flamingos at high alia.
They hear the whistle blow. Let's see you stick our finger out the window which way is the whistle blowing?
And of course you remember Bubba all in blow jobs man. He was evil. He was one of the evil doers.
They worked feverously from before he even got elected to get him out when pop up bush was obviously going down in flames.
And they said that they were going to lose that election in 92. They were working frantically at that point to figure out how to get this guy out to bring him down so they could get their hands on the testicles of government once again.
So they could get their friends in the military industrial establishment back in power again so they could do their thing.
That article, you know, I'm going to read it again. Oh no, you're not going to, I'm going to read it again if I can find it.
Famous straight. The one about Halliburton. No, no seriously. This deserves to be read every day.
I mean, it's not as important as the golf. Golf. Say it right. Golf. Sports. Right. How's he doing? By the way, haven't seen clearance today.
I think we got him laid yesterday. That's what muff was telling me. I don't want to say well.
And by the way, it's after noon, where's the beast? You know something? I'm starting to get real suspicious.
It's eight minutes past noon. I don't see that little puddle wacker over that Rulie Polly turned rock and walking in here. He's in the bathroom throwing up. No, come on.
Yeah, I'm going to tell you right now, just like Mickey said with Eisner, it finished. If he notes you're up here today for the way I'm done with him.
I'm going to make my contacts over there at balance for life. I'll have it go to somebody who really appreciates it.
I'm busted my ass to get him back on the stuff again. We're trying to save that little bastard's life.
And he's got I don't want to be premature. He's got till one. I think he's going to show up. No, good. I think he's going to be here. No.
I'll wash my hands. Yeah, Beast. Oh, let me do the break. Then I want to don't get panicking. Now I know it's it's a very short piece. It's just those one and a half pages details.
Give it. I'm contract. Haliburton was awarded for those people who really believe that this was operation a raki freedom. Oh my God. I want a puke every time I hear that.
Oh, don't say that again. Stop it. You know something you're going to do that one more time. Why did I did it?
Nine minutes past noon at five sixty WQM for a long time. I've been telling you about a great product called olio met. And now every day I pop some of that olio met blood pressure stuff in my push. And my pressure is a lot better than it has been ever in years.
Olio met really works. Olio met soft shells contain pharmaceutical grade olive oil combined with lots of great stuff super concentrated loaded with health benefits.
Olio met every day and your push can help reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol. Plus there are 14 different olio met formulas from which to choose each one combining the finest olive oil on a planet with vitamins, minerals and herbals to support specific health needs from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system.
Just pick out the formulas that are right for you. And now there are three new olio met formulas. One to help you sleep. One to help you control that disgusting weight that disgusting weight based and sell Q 10 for your heart.
You'll find olio met all over town because more and more people are popping their pussy every day. They realize that it really works. Pick some up today at public's,
Accurates, Walgreens, Whole Foods, markets, Navarro's or Sadanos order olio met online if you like it. Olio met American dot com. You want to get more info about their,
you want to get more info about their products and what they can do for you. Call them toll free and ask all the questions you want. No obligation. Call 1 866 olio met 1 866 653633 start doing something good for your health and pop in some olio met and your push today.
My mind and local. Your sports radio 560. You a. M. David's a bitch. Oh my god. It's a severed head. Yes, severed head. The new fad that's sweeping a nation. Everyone who's anyone has got a severed head. And if you think it's not for you,
then just listen to this dramatized version of an actual letter sent to us by a satisfied severed head customer. Okay, that makes $623 for all your Halloween candy.
$623. Isn't that a lot for a bag of candy? Well, it's our finest mixture. You do get the caramel corn balls, the tapioca sugar daddies and the juice filled wax pumpkins. Well, I guess it is a good deal. Except for this severed head of the middle of the Zagnut bar. Sweet, but geez, I'm so sorry. Please let me give you all this Halloween candy for free. You'd better. Yes, a severed head is your ticket to thousands of discounts in freebies worldwide.
So pick up yours today and remember if it's not dead, it's not severed head. Well, the party must be building on fire and bag that ain't as a process. Just a few moments. So we're going to stand by for that as well.
Meantime. Oh, here comes the dramatic music and that's in your commercial operation. I'm off of a bunch of crap. Another one of the 85 press conferences on Operation Iraqi Freedom, baby. Oh, give me a break. Anyway, Elizabeth Becker writes in today's New York Times.
Details given on contract. Halibut was awarded the Pentagon contract given without competition to Halibut and subsidiary to fight oil well fires in Iraq is worth as much as $7 billion over two years according to a letter from the Army Corps of Engineers that was released today.
The contract also allow I'm not going to read the whole thing just enough to make the point. The contract also allows Kellogg Brown and Ruthie Halibut and subsidiary to win as much as 7% profit. That could amount to $490 million.
The court released these new details and letter to representative Henry A. Waxman, Democratic California and one of the two senior lawmakers who asked the general accounting office to investigate how the Bush administration is awarding contracts for the reconstruction of Iraq.
The reconstruction effort can cost up to $100 billion and become one of the most lucrative building programs in decades. The contract to Kellogg Brown and Ruth was cited in the lawmakers request of the GA, the investigative arm of Congress.
Mr. Waxman and representative John Dingell, Democrat of Michigan, asked that the special attention be paid to allegations that Halibut received special treatment from the administration.
Vice President Dick Cheney was Halibut and Steve executive officer from 1995 till 2000. When he left the company to run for Vice President Mr. Cheney received over $30 million in compensation Mr. Waxman said, since the attacks of 9-11 Kellogg Brown and Ruth is one significant additional business from the federal government and the Pentagon.
It is built sales for detainees at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba and is the exclusive logistics supplier for the Navy and the Army providing services like cooking, construction, power generation and fuel transportation since the war where they racked began.
Mr. Cheney has been repeatedly questioned about his ties to world employer in the oral industry but of course he's always mum. Mum is the word. That's what he does is disappearing act.
The US they tried to demand the other day for one of those canned speeches in front of a very enthusiastic friendly audience and that's it. That's all we saw of Dick.
Okay, let's get back and then ramble it on here like a lunatic. 5-6-7-0-5-60. What do you look so depressed about?
I saw that picture that boy went up the arms zone and I found the story. We have it on our website. It'll be on there by the next point.
I mean I realized some of the stuff will gross people out don't say we didn't warn you. I felt like crying. He's telling the doctors can I have my arms barbed? Can somebody bring your arms back?
It's a little tiny kid. But we're not supposed to see those things and you know what war or this stuff happened. Well we knew that going in. Okay. We knew that going in.
We knew that the the fedaine were going to shoot some of their own people. We knew all of these things but then again we do wash our hands clean but we don't want to be held responsible.
And some jackass is going to say well are they better off with Saddam or without them? Ask the ones who are dead. Ask their families. Ask the ones who are running around.
Got one knows where they leaving all their possessions behind thousands and the night before the fall of Baghdad when it became obvious to even the most stupid of the stupid.
They got out of there as fast as they could. Where they going? Who the hell knows? Who knows in a city of 5 million people?
And try try to envision the tanks coming into Chicago and driving up Lakeshore Drive in Chicago and out on a Michigan Avenue.
This little kid's already said he's going to commit suicide if he can't get more hands. So it's a hop's skipping a jump away from that to being a suicide bomber.
So this is exactly where they're born.
This is what your administration has done in the name of regime change.
Of course that was that was only one that regime change didn't sound good because it sounded like we were interfering in the affairs of another country which is prohibited by the Geneva Convention by the UN by the US Constitution by a whole bunch of other documents and of course treaties, constitution.
This administration hasn't got any use for that.
Global warming you name it nuclear weapons, bands, things like that. We can't be bothered with that.
So now we're going out to try to make enemies of everybody in the world including countries we've been allies with for hundreds of years and now we're going out there to see how many people we can alienate and we're doing a great job of that. We're doing a hell of a job.
WQAM.
Hello Carlos.
Yeah.
Hey, I want to hear you.
This is Beener Boy. Where are you calling from?
I mean, I'm in cooking and creek.
Let's go to cooking and creek. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, one of them bring up a point. I think this might be happening in the future and it looks like the Europeans are so scared, shop list of bush, they may be putting together a their own cartel just to try to balance the power for the power for the United States.
I see an outside.
I mean, that's how freaked out the over the Bush administration.
Okay.
Good luck to us man.
I don't know if you read that but I mean, actually that's why the Russians and the French and all these guys are all meeting together because they're trying to balance their story.
I understand. I got it.
I mean, can you imagine the next Cold War is going to be the Europeans against us?
No, the whole world against us.
That's true.
Well, anyway, that's my two cents.
Okay, thanks.
Except Tony Blair, of course, he won't be in power anymore.
Now, I want you to look at this because I like to show you the, you know, who this is from carbon copy from yesterday, Greg from hunger.
See, and I have read one word all I do is see that it's the same writing that I already know and hate and the same two pages that he must have facts yesterday.
I don't know what it is and I'm carrying it up.
See what I mean?
These people need mental health. They need to be in straight jackets, the chronics.
I, I, I, and Carlos Binavoy is speechless, but now you're getting a real good education as to what these people are all about wasting two pages of my facts paper.
I goodbye, Greg.
Bye, bye.
Have a nice life with your wife and your boyfriend, Andy and his wife and your little circle, Jerk Club.
Have a wonderful time and Gilbert, I have a great time.
Go away.
Two pages with the tiniest little writing.
Right, what are you saying?
There must be 75,000 words that he wasted his time.
Again, I'm not interested.
Won't read it. Won't look at it.
I hate you like poison. Don't ever come in.
If you come near me at the track ever again, I'll make sure that they throw your ass on them.
What are you laughing about?
If this asshole ever come in, if you come try to sit anywhere near me in the clean the dining room, I'll have Alan Cohen throw your ass out.
How do you like that?
Make your sit downstairs with all the slubbers.
Words to where you belong.
God.
See, I'm no matter how much they threaten, we're leaving you now.
Bye, bye, bye.
They're not, never leave.
They will never, ever leave. They can't do it. This is their life.
This radio show is their life.
How sad is that? How pathetic is that?
Here's a fact that says I always pictured William F. Buckley's picture under ego and dictionary.
However, arrogance is always a bit sad when it has no talent at the back of the house and my foot will go to Mo.
Yeah, we put Buckley on here, but he's old news.
We don't see him anymore.
We don't see him no Mo.
How does the pool go on the old band you asked?
We're getting a lot of votes on here. Carlos is very nervous about that.
He's doing so much work on this website. I mean, he and Eric are doing so much work on a website.
559 votes, not too shabby.
We got 40 minutes to go. We'll go over 600. I guarantee you that or else we'll stay here.
We'll step on Joe's time if we don't get over 600 votes.
What are you laughing about?
Who the hell needs him?
Okay. Joe is a gacky. He's a good guy.
I like him a lot. But who needs him to sit in there talking about golf?
Oh, Mike. Oh, Mike. Oh, Mike. Oh, Mike.
Yeah, tone it down, Joe.
Okay. You've embarrassed yourself on O's Hurricane Games, man.
You and my good friend Don, the Bailey Junior Junior.
Time to get on it and magic carpet again, Don, and fly away. I'm in the two of them.
Woo! Bad combination.
That would be like pairing up boobshambi and Mark Morgan.
I mean, no, too much pukin. Enough of the pukin.
Oh, you know something?
I just want to play another of our good late friends.
He passed away last year, but her memory lingers on on his show.
We'll never forget her.
But thanks for calling, lady.
And now to tap the open.
There you go. See it?
I'll be there. Every drop in comes in handy for something.
And now to tap the open.
For boobshambi and Mark Morgan on QAAB.
Oh, he is just pukin-ducing.
And now to tap the open.
Right. You tell him, honey.
Who do you think has the biggest ego?
How many do you think we had?
559.
Well, let me refresh.
Let me doosh. I mean, refresh.
And see how many we got now?
I've actually, there's more now, Carlos.
565, see?
You have a little faith.
Moe Howard David in 116.
But right on his ass.
Lauren Asselin Ball, 100.
What a match made in Donald Trump 18.
Steve, Mr. Ego Kane all the way up to 17.
Which means some people don't even listen to his show voted.
Bill Riley, 13.
Jorge Rodriguez has got 12.
Larry King 12.
Alex Pingapeta, the Alpacanian panellas.
How do you say that? 10.
Rick Sanchez 8.
That's Rick Pingapeta, Sanchez with 8.
H Wayne High Pingo 7.
Geraldo Rivera 60 and for Lopez 5.
Phil Henry V.
Paul Castor over 4.
Madonna 4.
OJ3.
Martha Stewart 3.
Rick Riley's only got two.
Romi's got one. Richard Pearl's got one.
And we're all a gassy.
And he's got one.
Damn.
Oh, look at this.
Look at this.
This isn't that something.
Again, the little T here.
Here's two more.
And I'm not reading them.
Two more of the little typing you were talking about before.
Same thing.
Let's be Greg's voice.
Already passed.
Didn't get a homotussion this year.
It's probably why I'm still alive.
That would be a QAM.
Yeah, it got a name for Niels Poe.
And what might that be, sir?
That would be Oprah.
She has to go.
Excellent choice.
Outstanding.
The biggest Ego maniac in the world.
And Ego almost as big as that fat disgusting cellular
driven body.
Oprah, thank you, sir.
I love, I love Neil.
Okay, I'll pass it along.
Thanks.
You said I'm not his type.
Vouch up a little bit.
So what he said.
Now Oprah is a good one.
How can we forget?
Oprah.
Right.
She'll get a lot of votes.
She thinks her stuff.
Just because she got a billion dollars or whatever she's got.
And we have no idea why.
She thinks her stuff.
Don't stink.
All those.
The George's have that one great line about the.
What does he call them?
The shut-ins.
The the fat shut-ins.
The housewives.
The fact that I know who he's talking about.
But I thought there was another adjective.
When he comes back.
We'll find out from him if we decide let him back.
We ought to do a quick mini pull on that.
Should George be allowed to come back?
Because many people have observed.
Boy, this week has been smoking, man, on this show.
Neil never sounded better.
He's got some energy back.
Doesn't have that little Julio interrupt him all the time.
I'm going to tell you one thing.
Horried.
The best thing that your wife ever did for you.
Huh?
Was pulling that little smoke.
Sneak pregnancy on you.
That's the best, huh?
Yeah, got a lot of pity.
A lot of pity and job protection.
For a while.
My.
And local.
This is 430560.
You way, you way.
Why the, you bastards.
What's that?
What's that?
What's that?
What's that?
What's that?
What's that?
What's that?
I am no how it's a day of it.
Depressed and dimensions.
All of my old face are blue and red.
It's purple face.
I don't know why they hate me.
All why they always wait me.
It must be because I can't use blue and red.
It's purple, they hate me.
A very small, unmy arm like a ramic nowly map of Lacoat.
I got beans on my nose and nobody knows that under my clothes I wear fancy hauls.
Like that no bean, that I'm gay.
If you take my arms away and you wanna see my legs.
I might as well keep on smoothing shape to show a little glass the next time I'm raping it.
I could go through a surgeon, but that gives me the shivers.
I would not want the walk I'm looking like Joan Rivers.
Where am I?
I buy a little beast, the fat little freak.
I take him up paper now we care to fall to eat.
The reason I dismissed that stinkin' fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up and he can't play conestin'.
Hey, somebody talk over there, nobody talk from the rat.
I rap ten you talk.
Look at me, I'm thick, thick, high in no square.
I'm a ding-dong fatty man, I'm really dead.
I buy her any one I want, I don't care.
But believe they make me flip my wig later smelly green hair.
I get tired myself and even happens to the greens.
This one once said you get out of here whilst we break your legs.
So now I sit by the bull, life's as good as it gets.
With my paladin cocktail, placing bets on the jeans.
In paradise.
Paradise that I guess nobody's hacin' paradise.
No, no, no, no, no.
I'll be sure that I'm not as crooked when I get the jeans.
The greeners aren't ready with my lime green pants.
How long does it take?
Kelti calling the plate.
It was just a little thought, so what I left this day.
I think that's funny, I want another sandwich buddy.
I can do what I want, because the management loves me.
Can I tell you something, Mo?
Something you oughta know.
But the longest time I wanted you to be my home.
You ain't my type, pal.
Now we have straight, pal, no.
Who's the video door?
I don't take no for an answer.
What's it about?
But it's not you.
What's your bad attitude?
I have to.
Who the door door?
Who?
Who the door?
Who the door door?
Who the door?
Who the door?
Who the door?
Who the door?
Who the door?
1232-560W came and got another great story for our website today, Beener Boy.
I don't have enough time to read it.
It's long.
But it's great.
It's by Mark Morford in the SFGate newspaper, comments.
The Lion Liberation Cheering Your Mac use of just a diversion, folks.
Bush Company's real goal is only just beginning.
Excellent article.
Okay, I'll give it to you.
I'll pass it along.
Sure will be on our website.
Don't forget to join Marlon's broadcaster, Boob Shabbat, and our afternoon noon to two at Rick K. Sakura.
Located in a half mile south of Summers on 441, stop by to win some prizes.
Our usual low budget QM prizes.
Registered to win some Marlon tickets.
Anybody want those?
No.
And enjoy free food.
That's the PS2 resistance.
Plus, it moves a good guy with orange here.
Atlantic City Sub provides a free food where I wear and a bread make the difference.
And Scott is no longer involved.
Oh, man, what a great month this has been.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60.
We get PD Lenny out of here.
Oh, no!
We get rid of Scott.
Woo!
What do you think?
Mo, next?
WDQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Is the C. Get near Roger Shabbat?
Speaking.
Oh, OK.
I just want to do, I prefer radio stations.
And I'm a bone again Christian.
I'm so sorry.
Oh, that's OK.
And I believe with all my heart that we should be over there fighting the war.
Yeah.
So there are many Christians that have been killed on a bunch of schmatt heads for Jesus.
Is that what it is?
Pardon?
You say you do believe we should be there?
No, we don't.
Oh, OK.
I misunderstood you.
OK.
Yeah.
And I thought our president was a good Christian though.
Good born again Christian.
Well, I know, but the whole thing is, as many people have it deceived.
They think he's going over there to free the people, but it's all oil.
He's freeing up the gas pumps.
Yeah, exactly.
And then taking care of the Carlisle group,
which his whole family is involved with.
And Halle Hurtin and all of his other big of business friends, right?
Exactly.
You got it, man.
You got it, buddy.
OK.
I'll pray for you.
I mean, I'll pray for us.
Thank you.
Hey, he's a good guy.
He's entitled to be a born again Christian, but at least he's one of those people.
It's got his head on straight just because he agrees with us.
We like him, right?
If he didn't agree with us, we'd say that.
I promise I'd go.
You know, stuff like that.
Now, he's a good guy.
And what he's basically saying is how can anybody who professes to be a Christian
perpetrated such slaughter in the name of liberation, man.
Liberation by elimination, by decapitation, by palpitation.
Well, that's a little.
That's what you're talking about there.
Liberation by decapitation.
Chopped both his arms off.
Wouldn't Jesus be over there flying the planes and bombs?
No, he would not.
Boy, but don't confuse all these other people, though, because they're righteous.
No matter what you say, and this guy wasn't one of them, but some of the God squad, they'll
always find some quote from the Lord somewhere to justify the barbaric grotesque things that they do.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah, he wouldn't be too happy about it.
To justify their hatred, their condemnation, and the fact that they're not.
Whatever it is, because like I've always told you, religion is the root of all evil.
There are two things that they go hand in hand, baby.
Religion and money.
Hand in hand.
And of course, religion is all about money, because it's the biggest business on the face of the earth.
WQAM.
At least the biggest tax fee, one anyway.
Yes, sir.
Hello, Neil.
Yeah, Neil.
You may want to reconsider your position on the war.
No, I don't think so.
When the Pope and a Bornegan Christians are on your side.
Yeah, I don't think so.
Well, you know, no, I don't think so.
Maybe you want to reconsider yours.
Okay.
See, if you want to make a comment and discuss something, that's fine.
But if you want to tell me what to do, then at that point, I say bye-bye.
That's not a conversation.
And that guy might be the only Bornegan Christian against the war.
No, no, there's plenty of Bornegan Christians against the war, just like there were a lot of conservative Republicans against the war.
Pat Buchanan, with vehemently opposed to it.
In the beginning, and then of course there were a lot of others who later I'm lost their balls, because it wasn't fashionable to do it.
I may want to change my position based on, see, I don't make my positions based on, well, who agrees with me on this?
See, I make it based on common sense, based on what I read, what I see, what I know, not based on, well, who agrees with new disagrees?
W-Q-A-M?
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, by the way, you warned everybody two years ago, by the way, when the administration took office, okay?
Don't say, by the way, again, because George will get upset.
Oh, okay.
He's not even right.
Yeah, you said they had their own agenda, and we're finding that out now, aren't we?
That's correct.
Listen, I'm just trying to find out where can we go on your site to get the...
I was interested in the Michael Moore thing you read yesterday, the piece.
Can you find all this stuff on your website?
Yes.
Is there a particular area, place we go when we get out there?
Click on the features part.
The features part?
Yeah, it'll take a couple of seconds to open depending on how fast your connection is, because there's a lot of stuff on there, but click on it and let it go.
And it'll open up.
Okay, and click on the Haliburton thing to...
Absolutely.
The every day what we do is we put the new stories on there, and then the features page will connect you with all the stories from the past, which is a zillion of them, so you'll have to scroll through where you'll find it.
I mean, I'm making copies of all this stuff.
I'm going to just paste it on my post-pore stuff.
I've got a lot of people that need to go show this to all the ones who...
Excellent.
So, anyway.
Spread the word, be an evangelist.
All right. Good job, Neil.
Thanks, pal.
So, there you go.
Check out theuragers.com, anyilrggrs.com.
You want a little bit of the truth.
Oh, you should reconsider.
I mean, no, those people just send me, man, right to the bowl.
You should recon...
In fact, I wonder if maybe that's why he's in favor of the word, just because the Pope's against it. That's pretty brilliant.
Huh?
Well, what is that?
Well, what kind of logic is that?
Exactly. It's not logic.
And the board, again, Christians, at least the ones... the good ones who aren't judgemental or aren't pointing the finger in hating everybody, and condemning everybody who does degree with their religion to hell, well, more power to them is what I say.
Of course, we don't find too many of them because the media don't find them too exciting.
All right. Solid majority.
So, every time there's any kind of controversy going on, it's scary, fall well.
It's Pat Robertson.
It's Daniel Graham.
I mean, Franklin Graham and Billy Graham.
It's the same bunch.
Same crowd.
Over and over and over.
Because that's the media's dramatic repetition.
They know that if they bring certain well-known personalities on the air, it'll goose up their numbers.
It didn't work for Phil Donahue too well, but nevertheless.
That's what it's all about.
It's got nothing to do with reality.
Nothing to do with really a barometer of what people are thinking.
It has to do with, here's a bunch of assholes who you know are assholes and either agree with them or you hate them.
And we know that you'll tune in and get all bent out of shape, which is not the case with me.
I see that fat-faced fart fall while on there, and I go to another channel immediately.
Why would you dignify him with their time when you know exactly what he's going to say?
What would be the point?
Instigation.
No, the point is to try to get you because they know that he gets people crazy and they're going to get people to tune in.
That's the reason.
Instigating people to tune in and goose up their numbers.
Because don't forget that we're all horrors in the media.
I'm the only one honest enough to tell you that.
It's a whore business.
So that's why the whore business was part of the whore business.
That's right.
This frantic.
Oh, we got it first.
You know, that's one thing I'll say for CNN.
I can't say too much for these certainly not news network is that when they had the,
they dropped the four gigantic two thousand pound bombs on a complex the other night.
They weren't so quick to judge, you know, they weren't jumping right.
Well, MSNBC said though, you know, Fox, of course, was hyperventilating.
I didn't see it, but several people told me about hyperventilating.
There was no doubt that he and the sons were in there.
They're dead.
Yadda Yadda, Yadda, Yalaya, Gloria, and all this other crap, you know.
So I'll say that for them.
Although Aaron Brown definitely needs a new piece.
My, my, and Lord, this is Fort Real by City.
You ain't too way, yeah.
New.
Yeah.
There is a fairy, and he's gone.
We want to get some land and everything planned for this.
I mean, I didn't say that.
That's what the part that reminded me of the previous statements about things that are hard to point out.
She made her second-foss clear.
The cockatton is dependent on the believer of that country as well.
We are conferi, so he's got to get married.
There is a fairy, and he's gone again married.
Still hating homo, now he's got to get married.
So share of the white house homo.
Yay.
There is a, streamy, leafy, fairy, so he's got to get married.
There is a fairy, and he's gone again married.
Still hating homo, but he's gone again married.
Homo has to come for real.
Homo.
Homo.
Homie asked you how to keep waiting for these days.
I'm sorry.
I also seen the white upward below the right wing.
And then of course they go back in the closet.
Fort Iris, the other way round.
14-1, as David Brock at 560-WQM, asuka, miss, so what's your name?
Miss Grudge.
So our worshipful listener, Jane in Fort Lauderdale says,
the story about the little kid made me cry.
My Jackass boss came and gave me a funny look.
He voted for the bastard.
I wonder if he'll ever regret it.
I'm expecting to be laid off any day now.
Business is so slow.
He's going into debt to keep the place going.
Please check out the book, The Best Democracy Money Can Buy, by Greg Perlast.
It's where Michael Moore got his information about the election scheme.
Love you too, Jane.
Thank you.
And girl, look who's in the bill.
I saw him.
I saw him out of the corner of my eye, which it's hard to miss.
Now, what do you got since our smitty look on your face for?
Come on, let's go.
See, he doesn't want to come here.
He looks a scared.
And you want to know why?
Because he says big is a tub of crap.
Now, you look like you may have lost an answer, too.
I guarantee you, from noon until now, he was in the tea room in there just...
...tap it and puking his guts out.
Okay, purging.
The big purge.
Okay, wait a minute.
Let me give you an appropriate lead in here.
Here we go.
Beep is stepping on the scales.
The scales just broke.
You know something Carlos called it right on the muddy, baby?
Half a pound!
You know, let's see, it's 4-11.
I must be putting the wrong date, so yeah, the 4-11.
That's his height and the date.
That's the weight.
And the weight.
In fact, he started it.
I think that was his weight, 4-11.
2-24, we lost a half a pound in the last week.
You know something, you could fart.
Oh, you're going to speak into that thing?
Go ahead.
Tell the world why you're such a failure.
I have no excuses.
Huh?
I have no excuses.
No wonder Mall hates you like poison, and he does.
At least that I have a bad Boston accent though.
Yeah.
Is he from Boston?
No, but you were complaining before.
Because Dale Arnold and Jerry Rammie and all those people.
Who's the guy that does the color on his color is hockey game?
I have no idea.
Sounds just like Jerry Rammie.
Oh, he's just off at the same sound.
You know the sound.
It's a wicked pissa.
Oh, he's just awful.
High boy won't stop calling.
Don't turn around when he's around.
We'll stand you in the back.
Take your food.
You know something that's fat boy, if you ever call during this show again.
We're going to tell all the stories from Treasure Island on the year, okay?
You know something, as a matter of fact,
okay, you talked enough, get out of here.
As a matter of fact, that inspires me to play my favorite fat boy song.
Yeah.
You cover crap, okay?
There isn't anything alive that would touch the best party.
If they could find it.
If they could find it.
If they could find it, go.
If they could find it, go.
Just what he needs is free food.
He said, honey, got money for you.
Oh, when you take him in back, it's just a private food.
For the handdog.
Handdog.
Handdog.
That's it, handdog.
Take your food, don't you insist.
I brought a whole new town, a lack of food to finish.
Taking up a big roll of his fat.
You don't need by the smell, because you can't wear it tight.
Handdog.
Handdog.
Handdog.
Press and get handdog.
The girls just are handling big fat guys.
She know how to make the ball been fried.
That man changed to the shower in the house.
He needs a skid to walk on the tower.
Handdog.
Handdog.
Handdog.
That's it, handdog.
Handdog.
Handdog.
Handdog.
Let me ask you this, what was the excuse?
I don't want to waste the time with him, what's the point?
What's his excuse this week?
He had to go eat with his new lady love.
He had to go eat his new lady love.
And we're supposed to believe that.
Pretty sad man, there's the face of failure.
As a matter of fact, remember the movie Fats-O?
Parts of it.
And once he found his true love, he wasn't eating all the time.
That was the reason he lost the weight.
Not eating like a cow.
Mr. Tum.
Mr. Beast.
He's bitterly disappointing.
He has lost even 60 pounds.
But he started.
I don't even have the other sheets we already spent, can't I?
Like a year ago.
That's not all that bad.
But we got to get it in gear, man.
He's getting lazy.
He's getting laid.
Yeah.
Likely story.
W-Q-A-M.
Kildin and Corso.
How do you like that?
Look about a half-word.
I'm so quick today, man.
You ain't got a half a chance, sweetheart.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
You tell that fat boy if he ever darkens our door during the show again.
I'm going to report him to the SPCA, okay?
What a tub of crap.
See, that's what we looked like, Zach, when it was PCS today.
They didn't bring those for him.
They brought him for the morning guys from Mo and the Guilty.
I mean, the fact he works on it.
Show, okay, he could have had seven or eight of them.
Any did.
Any did during the show and any walk start here with a sackful and claims he's bringing him to the blind organization.
Oh, please.
Yeah, talk about the fat leading the blind.
Who are you, kiddin' mister?
Fat people in denial.
At least I admit it.
I'm working on it.
I'm trying very hard.
Those people just in denial.
Just, and now I understand more than ever before,
why there are a lot of people out there with no sympathy for fat tubs of crap, okay?
At least who we all lost 25 pounds.
I am burstin' into it and he gives me credit and now he's working on it, doing a nice job.
I'm not going to waste my time anymore with the losers like the beast and fat boy.
Josh Friedman, oh my god.
Oh, geez.
And then there are many more but time doesn't permit.
Five and a look off this is his five city.
Three years old yours.
QAM.
Cow, errands coming.
Little Easter's world will be exploded to dumb at people killed.
With the gas that we sold him, first time aggressor nation and the only one that's going.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea.
The nooks there told you that the right wing is reeling it over and over and to our hip.
That irractassum, weapons of mass destruction.
Three thousand people killed.
I now forgotten that's exploitem instead.
Ate their oil to be cutted, going after satam too.
Plankato's sama, there's no longer mention of the name in laudeth.
But no one seemed concerned all.
I'm being complacent, believing every word of this cartel administration.
That control this by fear for leading a manipulation and a right wing is reeling it over and over and to our heads.
That irractassum, weapons of mass destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the ash broth is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Tables, hawkers, all are saying.
Lino-pedian cattle don't have any reservations.
Out of provoked battle and world annihilation.
Old regimes must fall in haliburton and stoke with no objection at all.
Democraft don't have the balls and the right wing is reeling it over and over and to our parade watchtests.
I rack has a weapon of mass destruction.
Oh my god.
Only I rack has a weapon of mass destruction.
So, being a boy has put the picture up.
Now, what was that in?
Was that in the Astarl?
Like I thought?
It was all over the place.
Yeah.
The picture of the 12-year-old boy Ali who lost both of his arms.
And it's on our website.
I caution you again.
We got a lot of graphic pictures on there.
Very disturbing and nauseating and sickening.
But, you know, if you want to be 30 yourself since you were watching all those glamorous pictures of people marching and jumping up and down a wave of flags together, you really ought to take a look at this too.
War is sick.
War is grotesque.
It is butchery.
War must only be fought for the right reasons.
This, as so many people have said, was the wrong war at the wrong time for the wrong reason.
Great job this week, by the way, being a boy.
Thank you.
As a matter of fact, we're thinking about whether George may be coming back in Lombolcy.
See how it goes.
I'm going to think about it over the weekend.
Joe Sengakis coming up next to the mad dog.
Have a great weekend.
Oh, my!
Oh, my!
Bye, bye, bye!
The New World's Show on 516.
The UQA and Miami for my day off.
Hello, George.
Hey, kids, stop!
