BAAA!
Listen to me, this is Standbine's theme for sofa king.
And understand where everything is held to the high sofa king standards.
The selection isn't just huge, it's sofa king huge.
Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else.
And sofa king's prices aren't just low, they're sofa king low.
You'll never find them anywhere else.
Listen to me.
When I say sofa king as a beautiful store, I mean sofa king beautiful.
When I say staff is helpful, I mean sofa king helpful.
Listen to me.
Get to know the sofa king and enjoy a selection that's so fucking huge.
A staff that's so fucking courteous and prices that are so fucking low,
you'll never shop anywhere else.
But don't take it from me.
Take it from satisfied customer Frank and Stein.
It's so fucking good.
You said it, Frankie.
So fucking good.
How come you stole that from Howard Spurm by the way, George?
Oh, sorry.
That was one of my first faxes this morning.
It's a sarcastic shot at Howard Spurm.
It says that right winger.
Yeah, the new new new, uh, new, uh, right winger.
So I guess he finally discovered this bit.
How many years have we been playing this about three at least three?
Yeah.
From our good friend Bob Wolf.
I mean, we even know where it came from.
Right.
Lots of good things.
Exactly.
At least three years, maybe four from Bob Wolf are good buddy up in New York State.
At any rate, so Howard Spurm discovered it and you played it one day when I was out.
And according to this fax, somebody said, you're a student stuff from Howard's turn again.
Yeah.
We've been playing this for years.
Uh-huh.
In addition to which it's not his bit.
No, like you said, it's Bob the Wolf man.
It's a good friend of ours.
So at any rate, there you go.
Thanks for your fax.
I forgot yesterday many, many things.
Well, you know, there's so much going on.
We're 20 miles from Baghdad.
I would think it should be all over by this weekend.
The fax finally hope.
Definitely hope it's over by this weekend.
We bring everybody back, including the 19 year old, George.
You see that they rescue that 19 year old brother?
She's a cutie.
You sure glad they rescued her.
I don't want to make light of the situation.
And we're all delighted that they rescued one of these prisoners.
But the right to the matter is before they got her into one of those rape rooms.
I mean, we have seen those tapes in this story and the pictures over and over and over and over and over to the point.
South of where I am.
Oh, brother.
Just enough to drive you up the wall.
Enough to make you just take your TV set and put it in the bottom of the swimming pool.
Enough to make you change your whole perspective of this whole thing.
Oh, no.
Really?
No.
Anyway, so, uh, screw in our sales managers.
Put on another one of her embarrassing public performances.
Uh, and the one that's embarrassing embarrassing embarrassing to who?
To everybody in the human race.
At the moment, we're open on Monday in the Q&A box.
Evidently became a little bit intoxicated is what the story is around a building.
Nobody denies it by the way.
I'm sure she won't.
Even her good buddy.
Roy.
Would have been embarrassed and was falling all over one of the, we don't know what mentioned the name on here, but the some client in the box.
Something going on in that box.
There's been a lot going on in that box.
I'll guarantee you that.
But at any rate, so screw in our sales manager.
I mean, this, this is the kind of stuff that this company is famous for.
Okay.
Here we are.
Marlon's opening day.
Put your best push forward, which I guess is maybe what she had in mind.
And she just gets sloshed at the point of barely so the word had to go out to her husband who happens to be the sales manager for the enemy or cheap channel Todd.
What's his name?
Winick.
Winick. Well, that's the same as hers.
Well, it's not necessarily always the same around here.
It's very, no.
No.
And they had to put a call out to get him to the QAM box to retrieve her and deal with her dispense with her crappy old smelly body.
Boy, nice going, Skrann.
We're really proud of you, sweetheart.
Drunken bitch.
Anyway, here's a fact that says on other one of these, it says what's the deal Phil Henry has turned into Rush Limbaugh Jr.
Are you sure?
PS keeping the voice of reason on the war, it says, which leads us to today's pool.
But let's give the results.
Yes, today's first.
Okay.
We don't want to get ahead of ourselves.
Do we?
Well, we have to because it's Wednesday.
Yeah, let's get ahead of ourselves.
Let's put the cart before the way it's Wednesday.
Well, we're going to play a lot of carts or something like that.
Because it's new to one comedy or Wednesday, hump day.
Teehee.
Yeah, we like that a lot.
1218 votes on the pool yesterday.
And we still have waiting for the first call to explain to us how the Lord permits all of this carnage, all of this killing end.
We hate to break the bad news to you, but it was a US bomb and that the market and bagged out a few days ago that we were denying.
Marketplace deaths were caused by US missile.
One of the bedtime stories on our website today on NealRodges.com.
Identified by the remains of its serial numbers, no less, so there can be no doubt about it.
But we're doing this to save lives.
I see.
So our question in regard to that is all of these innocent men, women and children who are dying, plus of course the troops themselves.
How does God, rational?
Oh, by the way, there's that young girl being rescued on a stretcher again.
Just in case you missed it.
That she was safely taken out.
I mean, seriously, the media is sick.
These are crazy people.
And I begin to understand more than ever before how it, it's almost impossible for the average schmuck out there to review all of these things, to live through this experience, and not be just swept away with the propaganda.
Because that's all they, that's all they inundate you with round the clock, 25 hours a day, nonstop propaganda.
On and on, it goes as a matter of fact, MSNBC got so carried away, it said Iraqi Republican guard destroyed.
And then they finally put on there one unit of the Republican guards been destroyed, which is, you know, that's fine, but a little bit of an error there.
You know, just getting again the cart before the horse, the oligot.
Anyway, we asked yesterday, how does religion permit the carnage of the war in Iraq?
And your responses were out of over 1200.
Religious fanaticism is at the root of most of the problem.
638, over 52% said that.
Religious nuts, like that.
God doesn't care he's busy with ball games.
214 people said that.
Even the Lord loves neo-Rajus. 178 people were prespicucious enough to know that.
I know that the Lord even loves neo-Rajus.
It doesn't, the 10 Commandments say thou shalt not kill 108 people said that.
It's self-defense, so God will allow it 45, and God wants us to kill our enemies 35.
You had those last two together, it's only 6.4%.
Even with the alleged creeping that was going on.
You must not have a lot of Bible readers.
Jeepers, creepers couldn't have been too many creepers, you know what?
The Steve Cain creepers?
All 10 of them.
I was speaking of that, here's our poll today.
Let's hop right on it.
Which broadcaster has been most disappointing to you on the war in Iraq?
Let's see, I got 246-810, that's a nice number.
I may have let somebody out.
Neo-Rajus, Rush Limbaugh, Phil Henry.
Are you Howard Stern, Dr. Laura, Randy Rhodes, Steve Mr. Ego Cain, Peter Arnet, Bill O'Reilly, or Mohawar David.
Why, well you don't want to leave him out of there, he'll feel good.
No, we can't, we don't want to go out of the house tonight.
I didn't get a chance to bond with Moses more than I feel bad about.
Maybe that's all you didn't get your promo.
I thought yesterday we were like, no, I didn't get no promo yesterday either.
I don't think.
All day we're busy talking about those UM baseball tapes, I guess.
I got news for Mr. Mohawar when it comes to play by play sports, I could run rings around you.
Okay.
No, that football, Mr.
Yeah, at any sport, run rings around your old, gnarly ass.
But that's beside the point.
He's got an Ego problem with that, I was afraid that maybe I actually did do a good job on UM baseball.
No, he's, he would disturb him greatly.
And you know, after that bonding yesterday, and I looked into this morning, a couple of times, of course, no response.
But I looked in there as I walked by and I really, as I was intaking a leak the last time, I second leak of the morning.
I came to one conclusion, I'm not an evil person, an evil doer.
I don't wish people physical harm, but in his case, I really would dance on his grave.
I just, you know, that thought, huh?
That just came to my mind.
I would be delighted to dance on his grave.
Just dance?
Yeah, Kuzatsky.
Okay.
I would do the twist.
I would do whatever, you know, tango,
the last tango in the cemetery village.
That's a good idea.
Musical tombstone.
Yeah.
Musical tombstone for Mo.
I would dance on his grave.
That's the degree to which I find just nothing but contempt for the subhuman scumbag with bad Virakos van.
Would you pee on it?
I would pee on his grave.
I would even go beyond it.
I would pitch a loaf like that, broadside.
I'd pitch a juggeretic loaf on his grave.
Oh.
Give him something to remember me by the aroma of success at QAM.
In response to the tremendous job he's done,
giving us this great lead in for a little over a year now.
In fact, look at the phone there, huh?
It's a sound to have.
The sounds of silence.
Every time I go by there in the morning, now I look,
there's that phone in the bullpen that sits there so you can get a pretty good grasp on what kind of response is going on.
And there's nothing on it.
There is not a trickle, except for Larry.
We have a new chronic caller on the morning show, by the way, now.
His name is Larry.
Replacing, I guess, baseball, stuttering Steve,
spastic Steve, who used to call him a morning last year,
maybe Steve passed on with that big bullpen in the sky.
Maybe that's what it was.
But there's absolutely nothing going on in there now.
You're actually answering the phone today?
Then why are you doing that?
Oh, no.
We had such tremendous success yesterday without you doing that.
And you actually put one on hold here, which I think is,
you're watching see what it's going to be now that you messed with.
Well, it's line six, WQAM.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
It's a door.
We haven't even been on here.
Fifteen minutes, and right away, pottymouthed George, starting it again.
I'm here to put it in the turn.
Donna Shalali ain't going to be too happy with you, and either of any Jones.
Oh, you should have seen how red-pushed Jim Manage was when he came in here yesterday.
And admitted, he said he'd met a...
He said, he said, he said, I am a pussy.
He'll suck up to those dolphins.
He wants that color job on his broadcast.
He doesn't care.
He also helped make damn sure that Mad Dog...
Who would have us need to be speaking for the Mad Dog?
Is he like his puppet?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's all mighty.
And then...
And then to top things off and make it even worse...
Robert plays a Mad Dog drop-in, the one where he says about Manage.
Howard David's bitch.
Yeah.
He plays that this morning.
He should have played.
Howard David's the bitch.
No, they wouldn't do that.
12 minutes after 9 at 5.60 WQM.
Happy Wednesday to its hump day.
We got that big noon to one comedy hour today.
We're going to try to keep it light.
We're going to talk a lot about that 19-year-old American soldierist...
Who was rescued.
Thank the Lord.
We're going to show you that videotape over and over and over again until you got that...
Sand coming out of your ass.
Right?
Let's...
We'll show the video on...
There you go.
Hey, listen.
If you find yourself in a dead-end job like Todd Dreck, don't stick around it.
In fact, Todd, don't let the ad or hit you in the ass on a way out.
You schmuck you.
Well, I tell you, I'm bitter.
You know, just being back here this many days, I'm bitter with mo, I'm bitter with Todd Dreck.
I'm bitter with these salespeople coming in here.
Oh, can we have some food...
Again, this morning, can we have some food brought in for you to...
No.
What word?
Didn't you understand?
No.
Yet, no.
No.
Anyway, if you're in a dead-end job, get out of here.
Don't, I'm serious.
Don't come in here again.
Do not come in here.
Did you see...
Did you see...
He thinks it's a big joke.
Did you see who that was?
Hi, I'm Tally.
Do not come in here.
It's not funny.
I don't want to see you.
I don't want to smell you.
I don't want to know from you.
Just stay the hell away.
Okay, you're an idiot.
You're a lunatic.
You're a suicidal maniac.
I'm not going to join you jumping over the cliff.
Okay, I'm not going to hold your big fat, pudgy hand and join over the cliff and kill myself on your goddamn food.
You crazy fat person you.
In fact, I might just say fat and then dumb myself.
Oh, yeah.
Fat.
Anyway, if you're in a dead-end job, like Jeff High, he's dead.
He's in a dead job, or we'll be soon.
Call our friends at Fast Train, get trained, get a computer career, and start making a big fat paycheck.
Speaking of Fat Boy, big fat.
Call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
That's correct.
No excuse anymore because they got locations all over town.
There's bound to be one near-value.
They're in Miami.
They're in Kendall Pemberpines for Lauderdale.
And Fast Train also offers convenient to evening weekend classes so they can fit you into your schedule and the other way around.
Check them out on the web at FastTrain.com.
Get out of your dead-end job quit working for some moron and get you trained in a great computer career.
The demand is higher than ever before.
And don't forget to register at FastTrain.com to get you your free American flag bumper sticker.
Call our good friends today at Fast Train at 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
And don't forget to tell them that Todd Dreck and Fat Boy told you to call.
It's my life and look all this is 420560.
You weigh a few, yeah.
560WQAF presents Mo Howard David in a bridge too far.
Alright, come on.
Now listen up.
I got orders to pull up a bridge.
See? And that's just what we're gonna do.
Yeah, right.
Okay, now look at this map here.
This map here?
Yeah.
Now this map here.
Yeah.
Okay, Geldie, Zach, I want you to run the Vava Vavoo's at the Pace of the Bridge over there.
At the old 900.
You got that?
What's the name of the bridge, Mo?
It's the, uh, the Julia Toll.
Oh, why don't you want to blow that up for?
Guys, wherever you get an American, just stupid prick.
Stop!
And wait a minute, Mo.
That bridge is too far.
He's right, Mo.
We're here.
And there's here.
What are you, a bunch of sissy?
Stop!
What do you want to bang my sister?
Yeah, stop!
Why you wins a 420Bug hole?
I order.
That's what Mo's here, Geldie, far.
I'll tell you.
Hey, how you doing?
You like my new paisley dress?
What are you, some kind of transmission or something?
Yeah.
I'm just trying to get a section 8.
But since you ain't going to the bridge, you know you got nice shoulders.
Hey, bend over.
Come here.
I ain't bend there.
No, I'm here.
Boy, I've got something more over here.
Put them all up.
I'll have you quite mushrooms for this.
Yeah.
Watch this.
Hey.
Like that, eh?
Oh, my, yeah.
Oh, I didn't know I'd say you're pretty good at this.
Really?
Thanks.
And now it's just my nose.
Now put your ankles up here.
Oh, okay.
No.
That's a good deal.
Oh, we'll open here.
I love the smell of K-Y in the morning.
Let me go in.
Let me go in.
Take kitty.
Thank you.
Let me go in.
Geng-Rape is funny.
918 at 560.
WDQA, I'm happy Wednesday to you.
34 votes on a poll and only a matter of seconds.
How do you like that?
Which broadcaster has been most disappointing to you on the War in Iraq?
Phil Henry has got 13.
Yeah, but wait, yeah.
But wait a second.
Mo-Hower David has got six.
Howard Spurms got six.
Peter R. Net four.
Won't hear him no more.
Neo Rodgers, too.
Randy Rose has got a peer.
Rush Limbaugh has got one.
Dr. Laura, Mr. Ego and the Bill O'Reilly small potatoes.
None of those three have any.
They have none.
They have zero.
By the way, is Scrooan sobered up yet?
No.
Slip her across and push her a couple of times.
That might do it.
Yeah, Duff said he went back there to tell her about no more food in this damn place while I'm here.
And she just passed out under the goddamn desk, because what he said.
Unconscious.
WDQA M.
Now wait a minute.
What time was that?
Was that me doing that?
QA M.
Hello.
Yeah.
Do you have a talk this morning so far about the big day?
He's doing a rack.
The big news.
Oh, you mean about that girl they rescue?
No, no, no.
Corrado.
Yes, I did.
Oh, you did.
I was like, I had to.
Yeah, the Fox News agreed to remove him because Fox News is calling the shots, I guess.
Oh, so they did remove him?
Well, let's say they're going to, but he's slow to move.
You know, he says he'll leave when he's good and ready.
Oh, boy.
It takes her all to go and get kicked out like that.
The real asshole.
Okay, thanks.
At least he's consistent.
How can we miss that big storage?
Listen, cut the guy a little slack.
He didn't tune in right at 9 o'clock, which is shame on you, sir.
We need this audience, just like I told you before, we need a gigantic month, man.
We need March, April, June, Julio.
That's right.
What'd you call me?
We need loyalty.
We need this big because we're up against it.
You know, of course, case or ross or off.
It don't happen.
It don't happen.
But I'll just tell you what we need because we're up against the mainstream there.
We're swimming upstream because this is not these are not the things you're supposed to be saying in the public.
Even though a lot of people are saying it in private.
You just don't come on here at especially during a time of war, which I don't understand that.
Right.
I mean, weren't the protesters protesting while the Vietnamese war was going on?
Last time I checked, yes, and it turned out they were absolutely corrected.
And they have a lot to do with the ending of that.
Absolutely correct because their numbers grew and grew as the grotesque slaughter continued.
And we continued to be lied to day after day, night after night,
with all these briefings where they only tell you these supposed good news.
And the slaughter would have continued if not forward.
I think the Vietnam War would still be going on if we were for the goddamn protesters.
But boy, did they take some crap and then the troops came home and they took the crap.
So the public just dished out a bunch of crap, which is what the Vietnam War, of course,
wasn't anybody who was there knows exactly what I'm talking about.
And what's going on right now is also a bunch of crap.
For example, that story about charging for the water, that's just unbelievable.
Yeah, but it's the Iraqi.
Yeah.
Are the Jews getting fired?
This is in Umm Kasser in southern Iraq.
The US military came up with a solution yesterday for the penniless people of this port town begging for water sell it.
Despite general mayhem at distribution points, including knife fights,
the Army has struck a hasty agreement with local Iraqis to expedite distribution of water
to the roughly 40,000 people living in Umm Kasser.
Under the deal, the military will provide water free to locals with access to tanker trucks
and then we'll be allowed to sell the water for a reasonable fee.
Like you said, yes, the old roachcoach, the roachcoach is around there.
They got sandwiches.
Waffles?
Yeah, like a lot of them.
And water, vassar.
We're permitting them to charge a small fee for water, said Army Colonel David Bassard.
You Bassard?
This provides them with an incentive to hustle and work, he said, an assistant.
Yeah, we're teaching them the American work ethic.
That's like the trickle-down system.
There isn't enough incentive to be rid of that.
And maybe they work hard enough, they can go to work for Haliburton eventually.
He said he could not suggest what constitutes a reasonable fee and did not know what the truckers were charging.
You truckers?
He said the tradition here of haggling at markets would help the system work.
Another minor money Python deal.
Yeah, the thing he was haggling.
I didn't know how much of the gourd.
People know when they're being gouged, will deal with it, Bassard says.
Yeah.
But the population badly in need of water food and medical supplies, the arrangement drew a share of critics.
Several Iraqi Americans originally from this region who are working as interpreters and guides with the US military were incensed at what they consider an attempt to jump start a free market economy during a crisis.
This is Bolshmit.
This is in the New York Daily News.
Well, they have a line drawn there.
But this is Bolshmit, said in a Iraqi American, west to be identified only as Ahmed.
They're selling water and this is crazy.
Nobody has any money.
Nobody knows what money to use.
Iraqi money, American money, nobody knows.
A British military spokesman angrily objected to the water deal.
The British controlled the city of Umkasir while Americans are in charge of the port.
We're not going to have to be charging for water.
What kind of an aid plan would that be?
These people don't even have shoes, the spokesman said.
Ahmed and the other said they had seen fights with fists and knives among desperate locals trying to get water from the truckers.
How do you like that?
What's the name?
You want water?
We'll sell it to you.
We'll set up a bunch of approach coaches and we'll sell it to you.
To the highest bidder.
Let's haggle about it.
Yeah, while your kids are dying from some grotesque disease and can't get any medicine and while your family is starving to death.
Let's haggle over how much water you're going to pay for the water.
Oh, Doug just came and he said, screw-in is still passed out under her desk.
Allet.
How about you, Portland?
Howletpaniatcopy.
Great.
We'll bring it right on and don't just stand there and hold it up in the ear and they'll copy either.
Would you please?
People are starting to talk.
Go back there and kick her in the head a little bit.
See if it'll revive that bitch.
So here's some new copy.
That's good.
Getting copy in here.
This place slowly but surely.
You see, it took me being back here a few days to get these bastards off their ass again.
Everything was on low-mo here.
No-mo and low-mo.
Slow-mo.
Nothing going on.
I come back here and have to kick a little crap out of these people to get them on the stick again.
You know?
Especially that guy, the M.Sail's department.
You want some food, Neil?
No, thank you.
So how about some food?
Look at that pool boy.
That's pathetic.
Okay.
Which broadcaster has been most disappointed you on the war in Iraq?
82 votes, Phil Henry 28, Mohauer-David-D14, Peter Arnett, Neil Rogers H12, Howard Stern 11, Randy Rose and Rush Limbaugh 2.
Dr. Laura's got one now.
I bet it's a strap on.
Mr. Ego and Bill O'Reilly have the big.
Oh!
Kind of like their numbers in this market.
An amazing Bill O'Reilly.
He's such a big submissive that he's going to be on radio now.
The O'Reilly factor knows the old and no spinzel.
And he doesn't even have like a point anything.
You know?
So what's the point?
No, sirthay, the people don't want to hear Rush.
Yeah.
They're listening to Rush.
Lot of, lot of, lot of, lot of, you know, he's giving us all that propaganda.
Oh, look at this Cuban-Fairy hijacked international waters.
I wonder what it is.
Coming up at the top of the highway.
We're going to have a high-tier from the parents of...
I say, let's forget about this, you're acting.
Let's bring everybody home who's still alive.
And let's get after Castro.
Then we can have some parades.
You know, something we can all march together on that.
Sure.
Create little unity in this community.
Get everything back to what it was before the time you came back.
Get that commediate.
Get the fucking bastard son of a bitch.
Build a casinos back up over there.
You know, something I think...
I don't want to...
I could be just talking out of my ass as usual.
I think that Jeb Bush is a fiddle sympathizer.
You want to know why?
Because the reason that they don't want casino gambling in Florida is because...
There you go.
Other religious right.
And if Castro, if we get Castro out of there, we get freedom back in Cuba,
then they'll rebuild all of those great casinos.
It'll take all the tourism way where a little we have left in Florida.
They'll put a Cuba.
Sure.
So that's one of the reasons you don't want casino or you don't want Castro out of there.
Right.
Because the whole time they...
You can sympathize with Jeb.
That's what you sound like to me.
I say, let's fight our own god, damn war.
Let's go down to where kick Castro's ass.
It's really cared about the exiled community, for example.
He brought one phone call to his brother.
It could be done this weekend.
That's right.
In Ilyana Grossza, Rosanadena, instead of all his grandstanding, she's doing...
Yeah.
Oh, we had a preview though.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Even though it's not the noon, noon to one hour, yeah.
We had a preview this morning.
I am from Ilyana, Rosaladena.
And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from Jews.
And listening to the near roe, communist hour.
Chicken!
Oh!
I might just play that endless loop until noon.
That's just fantastic.
Yeah, she ought to be doing something about that, right?
Sure.
Instead of screaming in the order about the Sodom, or was it Sodom-y, she was yelling about it.
I think that's what it was.
Or was that Scrooan yelling about that?
That she liked it.
27 after 9 at 560 WQM, all you homeowners out there, you know, it's hotter and hell on the...
In fact, it's gonna be up in the mid-Az again all through the weekend.
People want to go out and enjoy nice swimming to pool.
There's nothing worse than going outside to hop in a pool and looking in there and staying holy crap.
This is hopeless.
The pool is staying dirty, maybe cracking.
Don't look at that ugly mess no more.
Just say no more ugly pool.
It's nothing like you flip your lid.
Call our friends at Atlantic Marseille.
These guys aren't pool guys out of a pickup truck or run a little cleaning service.
Who have got an idea what they're doing.
These are real construction company who use full-time employees, not subcontractors.
Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool business, Diamond Bright.
Atlantic Marseille has been pouring it on for 12 years.
They know how to do it.
They're licensed, they're insured, professionals.
They even train other companies internationally how to do Diamond Brighting all over the world.
And you get the same price to give to the contractors which makes it absolutely an unbeatable combination.
They service North Miami, Broward and Palm Beach counties called Atlantic Marseille.
They're the biggest installers of Diamond Bright in South Florida.
Got Diamond Bright in my pool.
It's a beautiful thing.
They'll come to you, give you a free estimate with no obligation.
And they'll also perform pool and deck renovations, custom lighting, pool heating, and exotic water features too.
For the very best, the most beautiful looking pool you've ever seen in your life,
called Atlantic Marseille, tool free, 1-800-558-883.
1-800-558-883, Diamond Bright do it right because Diamond Bright is a pool's best friend.
I'm a local, this is 560.
The radio's all yours.
You ain't.
We're in balls.
Ta-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da
We have any balls with red presents our team And we want our name off of the sign
Yes, it isn't very nice and though we want to verify The dolphins have no balls
Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da
It's 9.30-2.560.
Nobody came to hear that cute organ there at the end?
That was interesting.
Was it organ?
Nothing like a cute organ.
Here's a fact that says, speaking of our pool, let's take a look at this pool.
I think we're going to a resounding response there.
I could be wrong, but I don't think so.
117 votes already, in about 20 minutes.
Do you understand your following now?
No.
We asked which of these broadcasts has been most disappointed you want to war in Iraq?
Now of course the people who think that I should be here sucking the bushes of butt and
the goose stepping on them.
Well no, I mean, that's why I put myself on there.
I'm not one of these people that like, you know, just like the thing with the billboards,
we put them all on there on our website.
We didn't just put our own stuff on, or if the pad ourselves on the back.
We said, hey look at that, there's mose.
The moment a little away, hang it over the top.
In fact, the rumor I'm hearing is we're going to replace the dolphin and the hurricane's
logos on it.
We got balls with two of most pieces.
He graciously loaned them to the promotion department, to his good friend, Doreen, so
that he could hang here on the billboard where those logos used to be.
117 votes.
Most disappointing you want to war in Iraq.
Feel hungry.
35.
Mohawar david in 21.
Neil Rogers 19.
Oh, God.
Which I'm very proud of.
Peter R. Net 16.
Howard Stern 16.
And of course, he's still on the air, so that number may increase.
Rush Limbaugh 6.
Randy Rhodes appear.
Bill O'Reilly and Dr. Lorre have won a Mr. Ego, Steve.
You don't have any votes, Steve.
You better start freepin' your creeping.
No votes for Mr. Ego.
Of course, like I said yesterday, he has nobody in his audience under the age of 100,
so how do I hold to have a computer, you know?
Not too many 95-year-olds on the internet.
No, not too many.
In fact, that would be a great poll question.
How old are you and how long have you had a computer?
So then the people who are like over the age of 100 can't respond to it.
At any rate, here's the facts.
Well, that's a point.
Right?
We have these polls, like Rumsfeld said.
It's only a little slice.
He keeps saying that about the war.
You're only seeing a little slice.
A slice?
Rummy Rumsfeld, you know, Hermann Gehring, Jr.
The fact says, Phil Henry has been the most disappointed because I thought he was above
all the flag-waving nonsense.
I tuned in last night and he's still doing all war talk and reading bedtime stories.
Oh!
Weren't there people giving me a bunch of crap for doing that last seven months,
or whenever the hell I was doing it?
Yeah, lots.
Yeah, lots of people, oh, you sitting there reading on the ear.
How come we don't see a story about that in the Sunsat and Old Time, Jicca?
You jackass, you little bald-headed geek.
Who writes a bunch of goddamn generic stories about TV network shows.
That's all he writes about.
Those stories can come from some like a service in Chicago or somewhere, right?
Who now gives a crap about that?
Well, Neil Azada, touch with the community.
How will he be able to touch this?
Touch my ass with your nose.
Okay, Tom, you silly person, you.
God is he pathetic.
Anyway.
Doing all war talk and reading bedtime stories, no characters,
unless it's to mock people with anti-war opinions.
Now we know his true colors when he was in Miami who was liberal because he was sucking up to you.
Now he's conservative because it's convenient.
And because he's working for a cheat channel, by the way, Premier, clear channel owns it.
In a way, he's worse than Laura Azada, and he's ill because he's a shill for just the right price.
At least Laura Azada is consistent.
I'll say that for him, okay?
Yeah.
He's not all of a sudden going to become a liberal nicely because it's expedient.
It says you use the right word to describe him yesterday.
Rat.
Rat.
R-A-T, rat.
Are you sure?
Yeah, positive.
You can smell it.
You can smell the rat.
He's one of the few people I ever worked with who was uglier than I am, by the way.
Am I right?
No, it's frogface.
Oh, man, he's an ugly guy.
I mean, that doesn't mean he's got a face for radio.
That's okay.
I don't begrudge him, but the fact that just shocked.
I haven't heard one second of it, but I will not tune it in.
Plus, I hear he's doing six hours a night now.
Is that correct?
Well, why is that?
Six hours?
Who the hell does a six-hour talk show?
Hen.
Yeah, but wait a second.
W-Q-I-M.
Hi, guys.
I speak to Neil.
Speaking, sir.
Hey, Neil.
Hey, Phil.
He's been doing characters.
I mean, he's just kind of like, he'll do an hour of characters and then maybe he'll get into the war.
So I only generally hear him from time to time, but.
Yeah.
And then, you know, I guess this depends on his frame of mind, but it's not like he's just in all war.
But he had a tendency.
He kind of did the same thing after 9-11.
Just started getting into a little bit serious, but the lower the last couple of nights he has started doing characters.
Yeah, but he's become a right-winger now.
He's become a bush-looking goose stepper.
He went on the air and said he had voted for Gordon.
He still went that way, but now he just thinks that Saddam needs to be hauled out of there and that's that.
So, I mean, he's nowhere near a bush goose stepper.
Now these people are just stirring the crap.
That's not what the Carlos is saying.
He's shacking us in the other room.
Carlos listens.
He monitors it.
Carl, he may, okay, if he's listening longer than 9, then I would defer his expertise.
Well, he's an expert when it comes to a shills, man.
He knows what it's all about.
Hey, was there any talk up there?
And did you see the story?
It comes to what?
Looking, he knows it.
The Toronto stargets say about the guy that said, hey, Bud, this ain't America.
And it was complaining about the Canadian baseball teams having this in God Bless America during the...
Well, I watched that.
The 7th and the stress you have the night at the sky dome.
And quite frankly, they were, in fact, during the American National Anthem, they were cheering and everything.
When they ended God Bless America, there was a mixture of cheering and...
Right.
I saw the game.
I saw the G of the Yankee.
And I would say it is totally inappropriate.
I mean, talk about over the top.
Why in the world do they have to do?
They played both national anthems at the beginning.
Everybody applauded.
They cheered.
They were happy.
It was great.
And then they have to do God Bless America in Canada.
What was that all about?
I get Bud said it has to be done on opening night.
And it has to be done on Sundays and on holidays.
Well, one thing about Bud, he's consistent.
He's an asshole.
Yeah.
This was in the star yesterday, guy named Garth Wolsey did a column.
Right.
And there was, like, people were Tim and talking.
I just heard some crap about it.
Well, he better stay out of Toronto, old Bud Lighter.
We'll give him that SARS if he don't watch it.
And finally, on Howard's show, they're doing a different version of sofa king.
Yeah.
He's making such a big deal about, oh, this is so great.
It's so fun.
And the people keep calling him.
And you play the sofa king.
So he stole it from Bob Wolff and from us, which we've been playing for years.
And now it's like a big deal.
Yeah.
A bunch of suckers.
Yeah, I was wondering who it was.
I didn't know if it was a Don and Mike or Bob and Tom or whoever, but it was, um,
it was a different version.
It's not like with the guy's laughing in the background.
Yeah.
It was, um, yours is still better because it's the original.
Yeah, but he still stole the idea.
Yeah, I've just figured out some kind of column.
How are we doing?
He had something in common with Castronova.
Okay.
Thanks for the good news.
Thanks, Bill.
Okay.
There's a guy who's giving us a, that's great.
That was a good call.
The whole rundown, although Carlos says he's not accurate.
He said, Phil is just become a rambling.
Well, here's another fact that says I voted for Phil Henry because he's really the only one
who's disappointing.
Howard Stern is an idiot.
It says, I like his show, but how hard is it to have Lesbian kissing?
It doesn't take a genius.
The others are about what you'd expect them to be.
I guess that is just my take.
How would you like a porn video of Greg Reed going at it with Mo?
Oh, it says John in Vegas.
What, he's got a copy?
A evidently.
Scrooam was the referee as what I'm hearing.
She was in the middle.
Roy!
And duck by was says he still can't revive her back there.
He's used the smelling sauce, not his laughter in the pussy couple of times, and she's still
like passed out drunk under the desk from Monday night's game.
And here it is, when's doesn't have what it takes to revive her?
Oh, I know what we got.
There you go.
Where is it?
Somebody stole my device.
Oh, it's a, if it's any words in the bomb.
Oh, my God.
I know.
I think it's in, maybe it's in her...
Orifice.
20 till 10.
By the way, thanks for affaxing me these stories that I already have, which I appreciate the
stuff, but you know, and they have no way of knowing they mean well.
But the next thing I have on my pile here was McDonald's, and the, which is a horrible story, by the way.
McDeath.
I got that.
And then the California diocese, who's the boss, narcotics disease.
See, maybe if you look on our website, do we have any of the bed times stories up yet?
Yeah, we do.
And then you see that they're already on the website, then it will save you from the effort of
faxing and stuff that we already got.
Not that I'm ungrateful.
I appreciate very, very much, you know what I'm saying?
But now that I spent all this money on my own, and choosing for this nice computer, and we have this lightning fast internet connection,
George wants to apologize to Spiro Canton and the people at Bell Sound.
They still suck.
See what I mean?
Hard aspect.
56670560.
We're doing screenless today.
We're taking a very important poll.
Let's see.
I've moved into the second place.
That's good.
I'm very pleased.
161 votes.
Which broadcaster has been most disappointing you when the morning rack?
Phil Henry 48, Neil Rogers 28.
Mohawar David is on our ass with 26.
Howard Stern 22.
Peter R. Net 20.
You know, Peter R. Net.
I didn't say too much about that the other day, and then I realized it had forgotten because mad dog didn't ask me about that.
About my take.
Peter R. Net is an outstanding reporter, but he has a pension for always doing the wrong thing.
Like in Gulf War I, the baby milk factory.
He was the one behind that.
I mean, you'd have to be a moron and a cardboard hand made sign in English, baby milk factory, and he's on air for a day.
Oh, come on, Peter.
So in other words, this is a guy who goes along.
There's a fine job, and then all of a sudden it's like a horse that's got a five-length lead in the stretch,
and every race he lays down on a before the finish line.
He just lays down on the track, you know, two loose-la tracks.
So I don't have any sympathy for Peter R. Net to be honest with.
He just always manages to do the wrong thing, kind of like our sales department.
18 till 10 at 5.60, kind of like Fat Boy, you know, always manages to do the right thing, wrong thing.
Speaking of fat, do you like to Westboker, can help you slim down?
You don't have to want to be walking around like a big tub like Jeff Hyde.
I mean, he's disgusting. He's grotesque.
Little children run like hell when they see him coming.
Slimp down with over 700, in fact, over a treasure island.
I hear that people run when they see him.
They can help you slim down.
They've got over 700 low carbahydrate sugar-free products at Delights,
whether it's the number one atkins-dine or any low-carb sugar-free diet you may be dealing with.
Delights at Westboker is your low-carb superstar, an entire store dedicated to giving you all kinds of great tasty things.
Delights has got some brand new stuff.
Two light chocolate. What is it? Chocolate cupcakes and brownies by Contrulacarb,
which I noticed Troy brought in yesterday. Were they pretty good?
Oh, I don't know.
And they have only one of them.
Well, you know, I can't eat that stuff because I have irritable bowel.
For anybody who doesn't have IBS, they eat it. It's delicious.
And it tides them over. It's a nice sweet taste.
I just can't touch it because it just blows me up right to the bowl.
With only one effective carbohydrate per serving in these new chocolate cupcakes and brownies over at Delights.
And don't forget, he likes incredible selection of low-carb pasta, sauces, dressings, cheesecakes,
all kinds of other good stuff. Chocolate, they're famous, soft serve, carbolite ice cream.
Remember Delights at Westboker? All that can brand products are 25% off all day every day.
Stop by, talk to their knowledgeable staff when those dieting inside and out.
And you'll see why I've been telling you about this incredible store for over three years now.
They're open every day, 10 to 10.
You'll find them on the northeast corner of Glazeds in 441 right next to Boston Market.
Call them tool free at 1-877 Low Carb or shop them on the web if you like at LowCarb.com.
So if you're sick and tired of going into the supermarket and being frustrated because you can't find the low-carb sugar free products you're looking for,
here's an entire store dedicated to you Delights at Westboker, your official Atkins retail center.
We're sports radio 560.
You a-a-a-and-my-boot.
Always got a hot look at life is what we're here in Dave Van Bore.
Worst hair piece in mode, that's what Greg Reed reported to us.
Worst in the universe.
Number one told you to be good.
I'm Erin Summers, you know what?
You got me talking on the passion phone.
Tell me the story about how you got blown.
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow.
Oh, oh, ooo!
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
Are you sure?
I'm sure you're sure?
The lines are jammed up.
Yeah, there isn't a doubt.
Call up and tell me what it's all about.
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow.
Oh, ooo!
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
I got you down.
Here on the show, there's a new topic each night.
Who do you expect with a black or blue thing white?
I got you down.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, holy cow.
Oh, ooo!
I'll tell you once more before I hang up the phone.
I got you down.
Remember those good old days?
Boy, we sure do.
Those were great days, man.
When Phil was funny and he was a friend of ours and everything was wonderful.
You know, birds were singing.
Bob Green was running around.
You were taking him to the strip joints.
Swing clubs.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
But things have changed, man.
And of course, there are some corporate liqueurs who feel that they have to like go step in a line in order to maintain whatever other jobs or their credibility.
What, what happened?
See, if I jumped on that bandwagon, I would lose whatever little credibility I got left even more in this place.
I would.
Because everybody would know I don't believe it.
I mean, Gulf War I, I was all for it.
Sure.
He had to get in the attack.
He didn't even know we winked at him and said, hey, go ahead.
But nevertheless, he invaded the Kuwait.
And we went in there and we got to say, I saw it.
But then of course, a lot of us even at that point wanted, well, how come if he's so bad and if he's like hitler number two, how come we walked away and we left him there?
Right.
Huh?
Right.
If he sent a threat to the entire world and that was like 12 years ago and has he invaded anybody since then?
No.
No.
But 9-11, dude.
Yeah, right.
Did he have anything to do with 9-11?
No.
No.
But he could sell this stuff.
He might have somebody that might have a problem.
Wait, broadcaster has been most disappointed you on the war in Iraq.
How come I didn't put you on there?
I knew I left somebody out of it.
Damn it.
I put George Rodriguez on there.
And now with the late guy.
Come on, Eric.
It's George and it would late start here.
You can run faster.
You can catch him through a lot of old farts like us.
George Rodriguez goes on there right away.
Phil Henry's got 54 votes.
Most disappointing it was his comments on the war.
I'm second tied with Moharah David in 32.
See after we bought the yesterday, Mohanah like we're tight.
33 apiece.
You doubled that and you got his age.
No, that's he's a lot older than that.
Howard Stern 30.
He's right on our ass.
Peter on that 21.
Rush Limbaugh's got 10.
See, I don't understand that.
I put him on there because obviously there are.
But why would they be disappointed with us?
For the same reason that they do everything wrong all the time.
Like when we're pole building and they don't answer the question.
They don't understand the question.
They think the question is who do you hate?
His response on the war is exactly I think what you'd expected.
Right.
Exactly.
He's goose stepping.
But they're not reading the question.
Randy Rhodes 6.
Bill O'Reilly 4.
Dr. Loura 4.
I guess you still got the big.
How do you like that?
I can't believe that.
Not one.
Even with that desperate, creeping and creeping and stuff that we got to report on yesterday.
Just tell me what your problem is.
Wow.
You realize more people just heard his voice right now than years and years and years and years.
Two years.
Put together over there.
That's correct.
I will tip my head to him on one thing even though he's a real scumbag.
Low life, homophobic, jackass, suddenly born again, right wing,
phony body parts.
But I will say this.
For a guy that never had any numbers on any station in his market,
he certainly has to survive.
You know what?
Sure.
He's got 8,000 different sponsors, you know.
He's an inspiration.
Dollar a holler.
I'm a fan of station.
And he still survived.
After all these years with his baseball card shows, etc.
Dollar a holler.
Yeah.
So I just said.
I was wondering.
But the fact is even during our glory days at WS News,
even during those wonderful, glorious days when Jerry Williams was there and he never had any numbers.
In fact, the joke was he had a 3 point in the afternoon and afternoon drive.
And during a book when the rest of us had these gigantic numbers,
he had nothing even on IOD when he followed you.
The first book.
But that was just a slump over.
Right.
And then after they heard the contrivacy up for a couple of months,
they all kind of ran away real fast.
My very first daytime training session, I got to sit there while he and Nick Lawrence would discuss which position Steve should take based on what's going to get people.
Let me ask you this.
Who was picking what out of who's here?
I'm referring to.
You know, you're not a bad guy.
You're not a bad guy.
But to be an underling all your life life.
And of course Brian, little Brian, little Brian Craig.
This is Brian Craig.
I'm a radio announcer and I wanted to say just whatever Steve said, echo, diddo, diddo, diddo.
Whatever Steve said.
And by the way, Norma wasn't too bad.
Yeah, the wife, you know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You're not kidding me, Brian.
I'm telling you one thing.
You sure you used to look pretty damn good.
But anyway, that's what Norm said.
Jessica Lynch was saved by the way.
She was rescued.
Who talked about 19 year old Jessica Lynch?
Thank God.
That's correct.
She was rescued last night.
And we've seen and heard about it until Jessica's coming out of our earlobes.
We're delighted that Jessica, she's too.
Top management also said the awkwardness of the job.
The work of Illinois company would reduce the number of restaurants slated for re-imaging,
a process where restaurants are remodeled or built.
More sugar in the buns to better caramelize when they're being heated.
So they look like real toasty.
And then just load up with sugar when you're like, die in the middle of an arrow.
Okay.
Keep your kids away from McDonald's.
They're going to be died.
They're going to have diabetes.
Okay.
Keep them out of there.
You crazy people.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I thought we'd get a lot of calls today.
5, 30, man.
But the doing screen listen.
There's only one line ring.
And you know who that is.
I do.
Yeah.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Yeah, Neil, please.
Yes, sir.
Is this Neil?
Speaking.
Oh, hi, Neil.
I'm a funny story for you, Neil.
You know how you have those books on your website that you say here,
you use your good books.
Yeah.
I want to go by the Michael Moore book, all stupid white men.
Uh-huh.
And I went to the Barnes and Noble, where I had seen it on display.
You know, when you're walking on those big tables there and they had it right there.
So I went last week to say, you know, I'm going to finally go get it.
And it was kind of reminding me when I saw it on your website.
So I went to Barnes and Noble and I couldn't find it.
It wasn't on display anymore.
So I went to the counter with Andrew Helpedask and I said, I'm looking for the book by Michael Moore.
So I'm on the Neil Rogers website.
He's like, oh, we've removed that book.
I'm like, well, where'd you put it?
He's like, well, we've removed it in the back room if you want.
I can go get it.
I'm like, well, why is it on display?
He's like, well, from the comments he made on the Emmys.
I'm like, what is that I have to do with his book?
Well, he talked about stupid.
First of all, wasn't the Emmys or was the Oscars?
That's not one.
And that number two, the fact that he had all of that press and a publicity would increase the sale of the book by his
it. I thought they're in a book selling business.
Not in the guy that made a totalizing business.
That's what I thought.
Barnes and Noble.
Barnes and Noble.
Always like borders a lot.
You know what?
Yeah, they're both borders is the way to go, man.
Hey, great show.
And you'll keep it up, George.
You rocked it.
Thanks a lot.
See you, man.
How do you like that as they go in the back?
See, this is what America's coming to, man.
You people think I'm exaggerating or going overboard.
I'm not.
You have to be politically correct.
And if you dare open up a mouth and it's not goose-stepping the company line, you got real tourists, man.
What kind of a country is that?
What kind of society is it that you people want to live in?
Those of you bushlickers out there.
My discount card.
Once a month, we have like 100 bucks.
George is just cutting up his Barnes and Noble's discount card right now right in front of me.
Look at that.
Let's hear it.
Just cut it up with those sharp scissors in there that couldn't cut a turd.
But he just managed to do it anyway.
Not sees.
Oh.
Borders has CDs and everything.
Borders.
I mean, you know, I'm part of the novel.
I used to shop there a lot.
I used to go over to the one in the file of the shop, you know, because they do have a better selection of them.
I would have them.
But I wouldn't go there if they gave me the stuff for free.
I think they put it in the way in the back.
And they're magazine.
They can go to hell.
Okay, Barnes and Noble, we hate you like Poes.
Now, do you like that?
It's to you.
Okay.
I wish you had told me which one.
Here's a fact that says the worst and scarlet Carlos is absolutely correct.
Absolutely correct.
The worst and scary part is the smug tone of Phil's virulent warmongering talk.
And the total condescension with which he dismisses any dissenting opinion.
Well, little those uber screeners left through is disappointing at best vomit inducing at worst.
Vomit inducing.
How do you like that?
I'm leaving for Berlin later today, hopefully coming back.
No SARS there yet is there no.
Pray for me.
Georgia mains cool and Carlos is a fantastic addition to the show.
He is.
What's he doing?
Look, he's doing it right now.
He's sitting there with his stomach up in the ear for himself.
Yeah, we'll tell you where to stick that thumb.
Back to him.
In fact, don't waste it now because I think Clarence will be in a little while.
Well, after that experience with the beast, he likes that feeling of fullness.
You know, we do have those food handling gloves over there.
Mmm.
9.57 at 5.60 WQM.
If your carpets are schmutzy, man, if they're like full of crap, if they've got all kinds
of stuff in them and on them, if they don't even smell too good, it's time to do something
about it.
You know what you do?
You do the smart thing, call my good buddies at dry concepts.
Not only have I used them over 20 years, but all of my relatives, even my picky mother
used to dry concepts, we were talking about them just the other day.
And she said, why they really the best, they're wonderful, I said, yeah, just words lunch
and cut the crap.
No, but seriously, she used them and she loves them and so will you too.
Because they make your carpets look just like brand new, they charge a very reasonable
price and not only as far as price being reasonable, but they give you a written guaranteed
price up front before they start doing the work.
So you don't have to worry at all about tack ons, add on scams, which are notorious
in the carpet cleaning business.
They dry clean the carpets, which sucks out even the deep down dirt and the fibers of your
carpet makes them look and smell and feel just like brand new, they smell and let me
refresh, they grind a couple of hours and you'll think a miracle was just performed on
your flow.
They also do a stupendous job of cleaning your poultry and leather furniture, your expensive
oriental area rugs too.
Problems with pet orders, milled orders, caused by water damage, no problem for these folks,
they'll work their magic on those as well and make them just like brand new.
Yotes yourself to try these folks just one time, if I get you to do that, I'll have my
job done because you'll never call anybody else again.
Pull free called dry concepts at 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071 or if you want you can log onto their website at dryconcepts.com and
see what it's all about.
Dry concepts clean today, entertain tonight.
That all musters were created by Pax America, that's why you should try a brand new
for the great taste of hate.
Jim Madison won in a studio, I'll say it again, he admits he's a real pussy, he's scared,
crap was mad as to say anything about the dolphin organization.
But he admits it.
One to three with a mad dog, Hank at the Vegas again between 3 and 630, 630, it's the
Marlins on deck, 705 Marlins in the Phillies at the PP Park of the Street, and he can't
play the baseball game and Joe and Mark overnight.
How about those Panthers?
Loosen three nothing in Washington last night, they couldn't score into the ocean, the Panthers.
But the youngsters in the organization, the same old tired crap in the public and on
David J. Neal writes that puff piece about Rick Dudley on Sunday and the public is supposed
to get all whipped up out, I'm going to be really great.
I'm trying to think the last time this team doesn't ever make the playoffs.
The Panthers, they just, I mean you just forget about it, they don't ever make the playoffs.
They've made it, I think, one since they've been in a new building, which is now I believe
this is the sixth season.
Okay, sure.
No, no, seriously, I think in the history of the team, in the history of the franchise,
they made the playoffs three times.
I could be wrong.
There was the year they lost to the Rangers in five games, the year they got swept by
the Devils that, and then of course the year they had the big year went to the finals.
Those are the only three years I can remember the Panthers ever being in the playoffs.
I could be wrong.
You can correct me if I'm wrong.
But you know, what's the point?
What is the point?
Put a product out there, okay?
Quit belly-a-kin and put a real product out there, not just a bunch of kids.
Some of whom are going to be very good someday and of course by then you won't be able to
afford to keep them.
So it'll be more of the, often coming youngsters in your organization, you know?
It will be like us putting a bunch of kids on the year on a weekend on this, oh we do.
Like the big guy.
Oh, he and a kid, he's just an incompetent.
W-D-Q-A-M?
Yeah, Niel please.
Yes sir, speaking.
Oh, Niel.
Yes I am.
I'm from Boko.
Well nobody's perfect.
I picked that CD up.
You and Hank got a CD out now?
Oh, it's Reverend Jones again.
Oh boy.
Reverend Jones, yeah one thing about me with him, I got him down to his science, you know?
You and Hank got a CD out now, it always starts with like a question like that.
Yes, Hank and I got to say it's a real big fat one by the way.
Almost as fat as the number Georgia smoking in this other room right now.
You got a CDS is what I've heard.
Yeah, that's what I'm hearing.
Wanna pick some?
No.
W-D-Q-A-M with your keys.
Hello.
Did I miss something there?
I think you were talking with her like a click.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hey Niel, good morning.
Yes sir, good morning.
Where is the office?
Often I do agree with you about everything, but about this warning I don't.
But I want to bring something up.
You mentioned that you said that Shalela doesn't want to do that ball supposed to or she
does.
Yeah.
Okay.
No she does not.
She doesn't want to be involved in that.
She finds she's appalled by it.
All right, but the comment you said was that she had never seen a pair correct?
Right.
Remember she stayed at Sister Jean's house when the alweas were here.
We're in the alien so Sister Jean I think has a pair there sir.
Okay, I retract my statement.
There you go.
Thank you.
I stand corrected.
She borrowed it from Janet.
Janet's got a gigantic pair.
And I think the three of them are kind of like a...
Yeah, they pass them around like basketballs.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound.
I'm not serious.
I mean Donna Shalela of all people and not only that, but of all people, all the things
that she's been involved in, all of the causes she's been involved in to get snuck
it in by wacky Jackie Thompson.
Oh my God, Donna.
Somebody ought to straighten that bitch out.
Christ.
Well maybe he'll do it.
I know we're in Iraq.
We're asking on theorangeers.com today.
Getting a gigantic response which indicates to me that there's some diddling going on.
You know what I mean?
The diddler.
Sure.
This is the kind of pull that he loves or it or them.
249 votes in about 30, about 40 minutes.
Phil Henry 59 leading the way.
Are you sure?
Mohawar David had 45.
Neorangeers 41, 16.4%.
Howard Spurm 34, Peter R. Net 24, Rush Limbaugh 14.
Bill O'Rally 10, George Rodriguez.
We just put you on there.
Just moments ago and already he's up to...
Randy Rhodes has got seven.
Wow!
Dr. Roy V and a good news is Mr. Ego.
He'd be so disappointed he's got one.
Just wait till he gets his free present.
I wonder if it's a real one or if it's a transplant but he's got one.
WQIM.
Yeah, what's up, Bill?
Yes, sir.
What's with the transplant?
Speaking, yes.
Oh, sorry I didn't recognize your voice on the phone.
I want to try to get to you yesterday.
I'm tired of hearing people talk about if you're against the war that means you're against
the troops.
That's stupid.
It's the dumbest thing I've ever heard.
Even you earlier said something about Bill Henry said he voted for Al Gore.
No, I call her said that.
I didn't say that.
What I mean is you repeated it.
You said even though I voted for Al Gore, I still support the troops.
In sinuating that if you're a Democrat and you're against the war, then you don't
like the troops.
Which is just absolutely assamine.
The thing about the French, about everybody hate the French, let me tell you one thing.
They're getting their oil discounted 40% off wholesale from Saddam.
If Bush was getting this oil discounted 40%, we would not be at war right now.
Do you know how much money that would be in the United States 40% off wholesale?
Right.
So we would be supporting, well, we already did support Saddam, but we wouldn't be able
to blow it up their world.
Well, let's see.
The buck 60 and gallon 40% would be 64 cents.
Yeah.
That would be like how many million gallons a day.
96 cents a gallon.
I'll take it right now.
I fill it up right now.
Yeah.
But they would still be charged as the buck 60, though.
Oh.
But I thought they would be our buddies in that case.
No, no, no, that's the Bush liquor way.
That's what I was working for.
Bush would be like we're charging for the water in Iraq and I'm concerned.
Okay.
Have a great day, pal.
Thanks, sir.
Thank you.
Long time, Mr. Since 1990 says, oh, wait until you hear this, you're going to be very
distraught.
Okay.
Love to your show.
I think what they mean is love your show.
Well, they got emotional.
But please kill the noon to one all bits hour.
No.
I tune into listening to you.
Not some silly bits.
I tune out every Wednesday noon.
I rather listen to Russia's nauseating as he is because of work.
I can't tune in until 10 a.m. so on Wednesdays.
I only listen to two hours of your show.
These bits aren't funny.
You're funny.
You're right.
What?
What you're right.
What?
I'll be really distraught.
Distraught?
Distraught.
And sea strut.
Yeah.
Sea span.
See this?
Well, I will have to find out.
I don't know.
I thought we already did this and checked it out with the audience and the majority of them
thought it was a hoot.
They enjoyed it.
It comes on the middle of the week on a Wednesday and at Humpty Crap, which I hate that
term.
But it just seems like a natural, I don't know, like a little pedestrian.
It works in a while.
I will run into space like that.
Especially during these depressing times.
You know, look who's on it again.
Jessica Lynch.
I give them a little.
Great.
Thanks.
Here's her brother, Gregory.
A little kid.
And Gregory's on.
Thank you very much for that heroic thing.
Yeah, I mean, look, I don't want to demean her the whole thing.
I'm glad that she's safe and still alive although she's got the three broken limbs, right?
And shouldn't have been putting her arms away in the first place.
But the fact of the matter is all these puff pieces.
This isn't war coverage.
This is puff crap.
Yeah.
Like puff pastry, which I think the French make that don't they?
They're going to dwell on this until some other little positive something rather happen.
I see.
The thing that dwell on that and not show any negative.
Start a ring gear in homesteads is I haven't been listening to you for about two weeks
since the war has started.
A mistake.
I've been losing sleep.
Always in a bad mood.
I've been wondering why I finally figured it out.
I believe the 24 hour coverage of the war I finally tune into you and really realize the
pressure that's built up on me.
I only wish the troops were able to hear you also.
Oh, no, we don't want that.
We don't want that.
We don't want that.
We don't want that.
We don't want that.
We don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
I don't want that.
Are you starting up again?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Because I see you're moving up on the list, I think.
Let's see.
Have you got ten yet?
Or maybe just stuck out at nine.
Fuck third, man!
No, you got ten.
You're tied with Bill O'Reilly.
And you're a very late addition.
Yeah.
So George Rodriguez is moving up the list rapidly.
You're out of two hundred and seventy-five votes.
Wouldn't...
Oh, you're going to pass Bill O'Reilly and rush like
you're standing still.
I wouldn't...
Wouldn't surprise me if you pass Peter Arnett.
Huh.
And I didn't even go on Baghdad TV.
Probably surpassed Peter Arnett and look what happened
at his broadcasting job.
I don't want to...
I don't want to...
That's on threatening right now.
Huh?
Nothing.
You got fired in the same day.
I said, look what happened to his broadcasting job.
You're not listening.
As usual, you're not listening.
You're pretending you're listening, but you're hearing
selectively only what is convenient.
You're blocking out the important word.
What broadcast job?
Now, if you have a job waiting for you in journalism
and print journalism, I'm sure that maybe that would be great.
Like you could go over and write radio and TV stuff
for the hero.
Somebody's got something.
Somebody has to write a radio.
Maybe for the Sun Centrel you could take over Tommy Jikka's job.
Anybody could do a better job than he's doing,
which is nothing, right and puff pieces about network TV.
Was small villain last night?
Yeah, but it was a repeat.
Oh, thank goodness.
I was watching hockey last night.
Bork, great games on last night.
And more, you're an asshole, man.
Gelly was talking about what a great game the island of Ranger Game was like.
It was sensational.
Rangers tied it up late.
Went in overtime, wandered up a tie,
and of course some Rangers barely keeping their playoff hopes alive,
which they'll ever make it, thank goodness.
And at least in Jersey and overtime,
and Thomas Carverless scores the winning goal.
Nice going, baby.
Great hockey games on last night.
So I forgot all about Smallville.
And speaking of Small, there's one other expression.
If I ever hear it again, I'm going to start throwing balls around.
Small ball.
Huh?
Yeah. See, this is the new baseball deal.
I hear it on this station.
Oh, no.
It's because we don't have a lot of home run-hitters on the Marlins.
So the idea being that you score runs by getting a lot of hits, you know,
a lot of singles and doubles.
So it's Smallball.
If that isn't the most disgusting, stupid.
That's almost worse than, oh, he goes yard.
Yeah, Sammy goes yard.
Huh?
I'm going nuts, not going yard.
I'm going nuts.
I'm going to call Scotland yard.
And put it into this crap.
We're playing Smallball.
Yeah, we got, in fact, Carverless was just washing him off in a sink against thinking of Smallball.
Here are more great deals from Tom Leman and Joe Preato, our good close personal
piezons at Halopodiac GMC.
Put your ear to the radio and listen carefully.
Neal Deal No. 1 gets 0% financing for 60 months on every Potty Echo GMC in stock.
Neal Deal No. 2 gets you up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC in Potty Echo in stock.
You heard me right.
Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new car truck in stock.
Neal Deal No. 3 if you're currently a GM Smart Leaser Smart Pie customer
and drive a Chevy Blazer, Olds, Bravada, or GMC Jimmy by or lease a new Potty Echo GMC
and get extra $1,000 off the price.
Stop by Halop and Test Drive.
The all-new and powerful Potty Echo Grand Prix.
That's how they pronounce it, by the way, George, with an ex-Grand Prix.
I used to have a Grand Prix years ago.
Yeah, a great car.
I loved it.
It was a black, it was a beautiful thing.
Halopodiac GMC, they're at 134.01 South Dixie Highway.
That's US 1 across from the falls.
Open 7 days a week.
For more info call, the Neal Deal Hotline.
And by the way, Tom and I don't like, I don't like Grand Prix, but I don't want one.
I'm not one techie.
It was probably hearing me say that.
He would sell one up here for me.
I like Corvettes.
The Neal Deal Hotline Tool 3.
It's 1,885344211.
That's 1,885344211.
Don't forget all Neal deals.
Our subject to credit and privacy.
Neal 4.0 details at Halopodiac GMC.
Who'll be professional grade.
Ride and local.
We're Sports Radio 560.
You a-a-m.
Or David's a bitch.
Okay.
Yay.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
Seriously.
Yay.
Who'dish milk with a blow of dough of doughless dough
That's what he stole for, that's he brought home
And he never used to know the road
Oh, he's a screaming, licking fairy's doughies
Gotta get married
Very savoury and he's gonna get married
He's never paid in homo but he's gonna get married
Oh, my god
1019 at 560 WQM, happy Wednesday
There's Greg Rilland Sr., whose daughter was rescued in Iraq
Her name is Jessica Lynn, she's still alive
Yeah, wow, speaking of that
What about some of the bodies they found in that
Well, we're gonna get to that on this fact, you must be physically
Found at the end of an article on AOL about the rescue of Jessica Lynn says this fact
Senator J. Rockefeller, Democrat of West Virginia, called the rescue a miracle
God watched over Jessica and her family Rockefeller said through a spokesman in Washington
All the West Virginia's rejoicing
This is an amazing tribute to the skill and courage of our military
The facts who says, so God didn't give a shmit about that he sees people who are their families
That were found with her, 11 bodies were found with Jessica
But I guess God wasn't looking over them
The facts who says, I think the religionists are right, there is no evolution of the species they've made certain of that
Good point, and there's a great line in that area is a very bit that we just played
You know the expression con job
I think thanks to this administration we've got a new term, a new cliche, neo con job
Huh? That's what this war is? That's what this administration is? That's what the election of 2000 was? A neo con job
And are we proud to see all these people go stepping in a line as proud, mindless Americans, millions and millions of them?
The overwhelming majority, just go stepping right in a line
By the way, we already got Bush's voice of America about cheap channels on our website, whoever facts that
Thank you, already on here, create channel communications, the mouthpiece
So on TV they got Fox News, all fascism, all spin all day
And I'm ready with a cheap channel communications, which owns like 95% of every station
Right
It is a matter of fact, just in this market loan, you know how many stations they own?
About third man! Yeah, just in South Florida
Just in this county, I think they own
Let's see, here's one that says them all, oh here we go, well this is good, we're looking for some input
I'm also against the noon to one hour of bits, did you know that Randy Rhodes internet broadcast was off the year yesterday
The clear channel station said it was down for maintenance, conspiracy question mark, how do you like that?
The Randy Rhodes website was down
He says Eddie and Wingsburg, Virginia, who must be a really desperate listener to hurt, but anyway, says thank you for all that you do
You're welcome Eddie
Sounds like a freaking conspiracy, man, and this week we're calling Jag, Jag Off Web, right?
That's right
God
69 votes for Phil in the lead
Are you sure? Yep, looking at it right now, 69 they said Phil
Mohawar David at 57, Neorages 48, Howard Spurm 41
Which broadcast has been most disappointed you in regard to the war in Iraq?
Peter on F-33
Lordass Limbaugh 20, and you're up to Lordass, wow!
Man, you were Lordass, side by each
He's got a bigger gut, but I've got a perfective
And for the guy that wanted to buy stupid white people by Michael Moore in what was that store, Barnes & Old?
Yeah, which we don't want to mention on the air, Barnes & Old, to them
Somebody faxes me this, it said maybe it's a good thing he couldn't buy the book there
Section 215 of the Patriot Act allows FBI agents to obtain a warrant from a secret federal court
For a library or bookstore records of anyone connected to an investigation of an
International terrorism or spying, and of course they can decide
Are betrurally who is a spy who is not. Unlike conventional search warrants, there's no need for agents to show that the target is suspected of a crime or possesses evidence of a crime
As the Santa Cruz signs indicate the law prohibits libraries and bookstores from telling their patrons or anybody else that the FBI has sought the records
And the Patriot Act, the major expansion of the government search in surveillance authority was passed by Congress
Six weeks after 9-11, but in the last year, Section 215 is routed organizations of librarians and booksellers into a burst of political activity
And is being cited increasingly by critics as an example of the new laws intrusiveness
You can hear those boots stopping in a background big time maybe
What you read, what you buy, what you buy, what you think, all of these things
They're checking to see who's being naughty and nice and they're seeing even who's thinking about being naughty
Yeah
And they're not too happy about it either
5-670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Fills got 72 votes and more Howard David is the one giving them a race
How do you like that? Aren't you pretty disappointed in his commentary on the war in Iraq? I never knew what his politics were to begin with
Neither was he
It all depends on which piece he's got his head on that thing
And where it's where it winds up on his head
If it's farther to the right, he becomes a little more pro-war
If it tilts a little to the left, he becomes anti-war
He's got a left wing in the right
And if it's straight down the middle, he is whatever the hell he is
A schmuck
I would dance on his grave, I hate to say that
I keep saying it a lot because I'm just being honest with you
I can't think of anybody else I would dance on their grave
What kind of music would you dance to? Disco, show tunes?
Disco would be good, I think that would fit right in
Village people
YMCA, I could just see myself just doing it
Right there on his grave for the YMCA, the Village people
I'd be the Indian
56670565560
Maybe Defoe could be the Indian
WQAM
Hi, can I speak to Neil?
Speaking, yes, ma'am
Hi, Neil, how are you?
Fine, how are you today?
Okay
Good, glad you're back again
I'm not
I just wanted to say, I don't know, you may already have expressed in the opinion this morning
On this girl who was rescued, is it the policy of the United States?
I mean, now to put women on the battlefield?
Well, I don't know exactly what her function was, I guess we should all know by now
How about Cruz, who was the engineer?
Oh, she was part of the engineer, she wasn't in the combat, she was an engineer
She was part of the crew that was like, didn't that?
She was a supply clerk and she'd be apparently she was driving a water tank
She obviously was put in harm's way, that's the point
You know, she was in a convoy in the battle field
And I mean, I think it's deplorable, I'm not a unisex advocate
And I think there is a difference between men and women
And just think that, you know, that 30-year-old mother of two, mother of a two-year-old, the
cook, who also was a black woman, yes
And now this 19-year-old, you know during World War II in England
The unit can tell by my voice where I'm from
But women were conscripted and single women were conscripted at 19
But they were used on basis and headquarters, you know
And I mean, as I am pulled wrong foot to use women
I mean, I think this is a deplorable change of attitudes towards women myself
What do you think, Neil?
I think it's go test that this should be put in harm's way, right?
Right, okay
In fact, I think it's go test that any of these people should be put in harm's way for the administration to get what it wants
I agree with you, and why they consider a causing death and destruction, liberation is beyond me
Well, liberation by elimination, you know, if they kill enough of them, they can take over to hold down plays
Have a great day
You too, bye
Liberation by elimination
That's right, when it doubt will wipe you out
And then you look around and then they will fear you
5, 6, 7, let's hear about that noon in one hour because we can actually change our plan
It didn't bother me one way or the other
I can take it away from them
I mean, and of course you, since you don't have to answer the phone today
Right
You're just sitting there looking, you know, natural, I was gonna say stupid
And Carlos is over there laughing at you
I'd slap him around a little bit if I was you, keep him in line
He's starting to get a little, you know, since I gave him that bonus check there for the great work he's doing on the weekend
By the way, we do change our bedtime stories every day, seven days a week, even when I'm on vacation
Which I think was pretty magnanimous of me
Dan straight
It was, but what the hell am I here?
What was I gonna do with that hour and a morning?
Get up a little bit early, stick it on her, go back to bed
This is what I did
Yeah
Close the windows real tight to make sure I didn't catch no sawers
You're in here, you see that plane that American Airlines plane coming from Tokyo to San Jose yesterday
They said, you know the way to San Jose?
No, you can't get there from here, they said, go someplace else
And it turned out they get a little bit of a scare there and they had five people suspected and nobody was infected, nobody had sawers
And you talk about that here and I, what's that? What was that?
Severe acute respiratory syndrome
Kind of like Panamonia
The good news is that it's much less deadly than pneumonia
Well good
There's a 97-98% survival rate with sawers so the fact that so many people are hyperventilating getting really nervous
Especially like in Toronto, you know?
Yeah
I think I'm going back right right now
There's probably a flight
Oh, air candidate just filed for chapter 11
Oi
I turned it that before the show today
I don't think there are going to be any airlines left
American Airlines got bailed out the other day but they're right on the verge
Air candidate filed for chapter 11 protection
And I don't know how because with the fees that they did, the fears that they charge
Man, talk about a rip off
I love air candidate, don't get me wrong
How you doing, Helen?
Helen?
But they just
Gouge the public and they got that monopoly when they bought out what was the other one Canadian air?
Okay
And they're still losing their ass
Just keep flying long enough to get me back there, okay?
I just not come back, you know?
I might just go back all the way
I have to, I could just drive to Buffalo if he wants every few months to maintain my American citizenship
That's all they have to do
Go to Buffalo
Why don't you go back to Canada, you two bastards?
No, maybe
As soon as the coast is clear
29 past 10 as soon as they stop coughing up there
You know, if you get on the plane and somebody starts coughing
And if you're given a dirty look right away
It's tarlok
You just cover your whole face
You wear those thingies there
Sure do go math
I can't believe what's going to happen in this town on Monday, April 7th
This coming Monday, it's the last free spaghetti dinner night
All right
For the season at Pompadopar Carnest, is there nothing sacred left in this town?
Better make sure to get to Pompadoparck this Monday night because with every Pompadoparck program purchased
You'll get you a coupon good for a free spaghetti dinner at the 4th floor players lounge
Your dinner includes rolls and butter
Salad a heaping plate of pasta with marinara sauce
And with the way things are going right now
Nobody's got two nickels to rub together
The economy's in a cramper people are out of work
Here's a chance for a great free meal at Pompadoparck
This coming Monday, April 7th
Mark it down on your calendar right now
Pompadoparck is open for live harness racing
Four nights a week
Monday, Wednesday, like tonight
Friday and Saturday
First post time 715
And as always, free general parking, free admission as well
I don't forget every Wednesday, like tonight at Pompadoparck is Dollar Night for draft beer hot dogs, sodas and more
And if you're really nice to Dick Feinberg, he'll be a gale of stories from Batavea Downs
And tell you stories about Bob Bommar and Buddy Gilmore
Pompadoparck located a block south of Atlanta Boulevard on Powerline Road
For more information, go online at pompadoparck.com
Pompadoparck course power you can bet on
Don't forget post time tonight 715 at Pompadoparck
And my, and local, this is 420560
You way, you way, yeah
Again, go smoke your track, please
Alright, I was attacked by the monkey man
He was named my friend Boonjab
Oh no, I don't feel safe in India
Oh, I'd rather be in New York and drive a cab
Thank you, my friend
Thank you, my friend
1032 and 560 WQM
Here's one of our really chronic factors who says this morning I listened to Mohawer Davidit for about 30 seconds
He was giving away panther tickets, I guess to get calls
But to win the panther tickets he had to answer on an NBA trivia question
Huh?
Galdi kept his mouth shut the entire time he knew how it was ridiculous
Mohaust Go, soon, says the facts
Look at all the exclamation points on there
Mohaust Go
Well, I would dance on his grave, I'll tell you that
56670560, Pompad, we're gonna hear about this new into one comedy, but it's our,
it's a thumbs up or thumbs down
Huh?
And every time we ask for guidance on that, it's like, you know, I think that most of the items they're really cute
You know, they're listening regardless, some people enjoy it, some people figure out
It's a cop out, you do understand that
Right, yeah
And cop out, it's too hard to do all four hours of this heavy duty, save the world talk for that bitch
It's a cop out, George
Yeah, how are you doing on a pull-up?
Hold on, you past lard ass
Oh, oh, oh
Congratulations to Little Georgie
Phil Henry 80, which your broadcast has been most disappointed you on the war in Iraq?
Yeah, but wait a second
Phil Henry 80, Mohaust David had 60, Neo Roger's 56, Howard Spurm 45, Peter Arnet 38, former broadcaster
Little Georgie Rodriguez 24, Lardass Limbaugh 22, I totally had passed Bill O'Reilly like he was laying down on a floor
With Moha
Bill O'Reilly 15, Randy Rhodes 10, Dr. Law Six, and Mr. Riegos got five
Oh, yeah
He must have had Nick Must have voted and Little Brian
And Richard Essen, the big fat lawyer that's on her eating 40 or 50 breffuses
There we go, a slurping on here
No, seriously, one day a couple of years ago I found that station that he's on, tuned it in
Do you know how many meals Richard Essen ate while the show was on?
About 30 men
It was embarrassing
God
The always the same crew of, I mean like us, at least we added Carlos there, George found him out of the overpass one day
They picked him up because he felt sorry for him
But at least we like to change the beast, you know, he's a new character in the building
Right
As opposed to our old days and I would, but there's some people that always like they, they don't just go on the air with him
But they like live, they go out and make appearances, they're surrounded by the same entourage, you know
There is Steve, there is Nick, there's Little Brian, and you know what is that?
What is that?
Like there are appendages
Yeah
Everybody needs somebody
Everybody needs an appendage
God almighty, what is all this stuff coming in here?
Cheers
I'm trying to keep it a little on the lights side, you know Monday we had a heavy duty very, very serious show
I saved the world on Monday I thought and then come to find out that we still got problems
Now here's a fact that says from Phil the monkey man, now do we know who that is?
Yeah, who is the here and says and stuff, he's come to stuff that he says
Hey, Poodle, there's only one person that calls me Poodle, you know what you asked for that is?
No
Out that direction?
Oh, well that Carlos, not our Carlos, but Freaky Carlos
Hey Poodle, where does that come from?
That's screamer, that's what I'm asking you, I have no idea what that means
Is that some gay term?
Must be, well you're asking me?
Yeah, that's good to know
You're asking a macho guy like me about some fag term like hey Poodle, kind of pet names the guy that you like to use for each other
I can't handle screaming queens, man
Saylor
Cannot handle screaming queens, do you understand what I'm saying? Freaky Carlos?
Maybe he'll look with Tammy Faye
Anyway, Phil the monkey man says I love the Wednesday noon to one comedy
But it was because he's a silly person
Especially any monkey related songs, which is why I just played that
And especially anything from my good friend Boca Brian, keep it up, keep a miracle laughing and mucking around
So this is Phil the monkey man
Is he no Steve with a hand, is that guy?
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry
Yeah, pumpkin head
Oh, that's bad
And then of course we got the the the toad at Pompo no Park
David the toad
Oh
I thought that he did remember the one you don't have to put his last name on the top one
You're always getting us into a jack horror show on the air horror I said horror show oh wait a minute that's a horror show
Why you got me confused now
Yeah, he's bizarre guy. I thought he ran the car remember a couple of years ago
I thought he ran himself over in a car with somebody with the same name and probably else
Remember that he packed the car over himself
And then here are a few weeks ago I'm at the track and here's David horror standard right on the dick finder shoulder
Lose him dick lose him, okay, he's bad news. I don't know what what kind of news he just strange just a strange ghost shows up and
Pretends to be like one of our part of the cast of this program, you know
You know kind of like I'm fat rich from the near Roger show although fat rich is from the near Roger show right he's got a
He's got a hernia
Yeah, then he says waist about 20 pounds
That has to come out but they can't operate on that into because they just finished operating on the he had the other
Taker right so they he said this is the same thing that Morris Gibb had
The hernia yeah, and they operated on him too if don't remember he had a heart attack I thought he had an intestinal
But then they operate and he had a heart attack during the operation and then they operated too fast at least allegedly
I think they're suing Mount Sinai
Yeah, they are
And they said to our fat rich we don't want to make you into another Morris Gibb he never sounded to me quite like Morris
Kim he's got speaks in the lower register. Yeah, you don't know how he sings
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 or do you pound no I certainly do not
WQ I am
Good morning Neil. Yes sir
This morning you were commenting about your skills as
My skills
Yes, yes, yes, I was great and it brought up memories of the Marlins exhibition exhibition first games where you
Gave play by play for about 20 minutes. I did I was yeah, and I will tell you something I
I'm an old fart and I haven't listened to
The baseball on the radio for a long time and that was ribbing absolutely ribbing. Yeah, they don't know what they're missing
They really don't know what they're missing with with you and that's not just blowing smoke up your butt because you don't meet it. It feels like it. No, isn't
This guy
Knit yeah, he was I just I couldn't listen to Marlin game the other day and I happened to turn him on and
I'm sorry I got emotional go ahead. Yeah, well he was commenting about you and saying how he's number one in market
You should go back to Denmark and Denmark. Yeah, that's that's where he's at. He's number one in the market. Exactly. No, he's not. That's not his market. First of all he's not even in the market
He's broadcasting out of Tampa. That's number one. Secondly, we're not on the same time period. So what the hell is you talking about? It's exactly. I mean
That's what her channel is all about say anything you want and it gets over. Anyway, we love you Neil. Keep it up. You're the only same boys on the
channel. Thank you my friends here. Cubs win. So anyway, that's pretty interesting. The Schmidt Meister and this is after Dr. Laura after they repeat. So Chief Channel must be having a nervous breakdown. They would love for me to be off here because then there wouldn't be anybody with the balls except maybe the goddess.
There be nobody with the balls to out them and talk about what a bunch of fascist pigs they are and how they're like manipulating the entire broadcast industry for fun and profit and how they're
in bed with the bush, my sister and how they're Texas based by the way. Is he even the number one in any time? I think he was tied for number one in the last trend in the afternoon drive. I see. So he wants to talk about that. That's whatever though. Oh, I said,
Poodle to be a smart ass is a Phil the monkey man. Then he sends me a look at a cartoon of a monkey. He says, I'm not gay. I just like to play with monkeys.
Okay, he likes to monkey around. Okay, we're not getting any calls about that noon or one comedy bits are we better. We only got an hour into 20 minutes.
For the audience to help us decide. Lincoln called during the 12th and no, they can't. How the hell they going to do that?
You don't want to get cut off in midstream. Squirt, Squirt. That's bad.
Phil Henry 83, Moa Howard, David at 64, Neil Rogers, 58, Howard sperm, 48, Peter, Rnet 40, George Rodriguez, 24, Lardass is coming back on you. Oh, no, he's coming back on the inside. He's been flashing along the rail 24. You're only got him by one. Bill O'Reilly, 16, Randy Rhodes, 10, the old goddess. Just obsessed with her own importance. Dr. Laura, seven and Mr. Ego Steve Kane has got five.
Five. That's a pretty good percentage of his entire audience, which we know is about 30, man. 19 to 11 at 560 WQM March Madness is winding down even though it's April. Of course, the tournaments are getting to a close.
And if you want to plunge your gut set on the final four or any other kind of sporting event, you better know with whom you be dealing VIP sportsbook.com is the best. You know, Gary Sarner, I don't want to see you, but this piece of copy you gave me quite frankly, even a child knows that we're down to the final four.
And at the March Madness now that it's April the second, if I look at my counter, you know, I realize that you don't want to do any work back there either because you just another putt whacker who takes orders over to goddamn facts machine like all the others like Todd Dreck.
Will the real sales people at QAM please stand up, you know?
See anybody standing?
You can have complete trust in VIP sportsbook.com illegal and license sportsbook in one of the original online books and still the best in the universe.
You like high parlay odds? How do parlay odds of up to 2001? So I'm pretty damn good. How about free same day payouts? How about a 15% cash bonus ended your first deposit?
But most of all for the past seven years VIP sportsbook.com is earned a great reputation is the sportsbook with the best customer service sportsbook review.com is rated them number one numeral uno and customer service two years in a row.
Who knows it might be your turn to go on the roll of a lifetime, but you better make sure you're in the right sportsbook when you do that. Sign up online at VIP sportsbook.com and get yourself a 15% cash bonus ended your first deposit.
Nothing like starting out a winner. Not online column toll free at 1 866 VIP bets. That's 866 VIP bets. Please keep in mind the 15% sign up bonuses only available when you get online. So get your ass online and get that 15% cash bonus today at VIP sportsbook.com where you and Gary Sarner are the VIPs.
And look all this is 43560.
But you're not looking at my mouth you stare so long.
Something that's a bit further south and it's not my base. We're both your eyes.
Back to underneath my clothes. There's a great big booty bigger than J. Lo's is my huge for two.
And that is why nobody cares. The nice things so bring in funny.
You can learn me my clothes. There's a great thing I need when I try to take photos. It's anything but tiny. So nobody know the sense.
The nice things don't bring in funny. The nice things don't bring in funny.
Love your sweetheart. 1045 at 560. Nobody. Cremers or Facts. It says every fuse to listen to Moe anymore. In other words, you don't want to listen to Moe.
This morning, grab it and work. I'm listening to the dirty boys and Moe calls them up trying some comedy. Oh no.
It says I can't listen to QME 490 Moe. No, no one I'd rather hear you but bits are okay. They're okay.
Which is kind of like a lukewarm. You know, come see Kamsa. He calls. Oh, Jays calls up the dirty boys.
Wasn't he bitching behind their back about the fact that the reason his numbers are so crappy is because he sandwiched in between two non sport shows.
Meaning us and Joe and Mark in the dark. And now he's sucking up to their face just like he was with me yesterday a little bit.
Which I still can't get over. Of course, that didn't last. You know, I would dance on his grave. I'm thinking about that April Fool's day yesterday.
Maybe that was it after all. Yeah, I wonder which one was the fool.
567. Come on. Let's find out about this noon to one hour. This is something you want people out of feel very strongly about.
Don't you? Come on. Get with it. This is our freaking livelihood. Don't you people care? Aren't you like whipped up into a frenzy?
That's right. They're all listening to the loud ass anyway between noon and one.
I forgot about that. Right. They want to get the real low down scoop for any of you on the war in Iraq.
Phil Henry 87. Now we've had some really nasty spy reports about the connoisseur and against. He's doing on the air now.
Very little comedy. Little bit of the very little voices pontificating for six hours right wing propaganda night after night.
That's what a little freaky guy or a little Carlos says. Be an air boy. Right. Am I right? What he said? I don't want to put that because I don't listen.
I do not listen to him. No. I tried a while back. I told you I tried listening to rush during the baseball on last Friday.
That lasted about 45 seconds till his first lie. And then and that's it. I listen to this station when I can handle it.
When I can even listen to Mo come in the work in the morning. How do you like that? Huh? My good close personal buddy.
I hate to admit it even though I already have you listen to Mo come in the work in the morning. You listen to Mo.
No, that's not what I was going to admit. You Mo. George is admitting today. He's Mo. I listen to NPR.
Oh, yeah. Poor. I know. What does that tell you? Well, here's a comment by Joe Connison, the American server can bush handle panel's questions.
Oh, oh, this is about the 9-11 commission, which I noticed is finally finally getting their act together.
We'll save that for tomorrow. Can we save that for tomorrow? Okay. Well, we got enough bedtime stories on their day to kill it to Choco Horace.
And being a boy, I don't want to be bothered with any more. I'll guarantee you that.
And of course, when it comes to another check, I don't want to be bothered with that either.
Just a man, I'm getting organized here. Okay, there's too much crap.
Get a little organized over here. Well, I don't have a doubt of a science here like I do in Toronto.
I have like everything, even though this is a bigger area of the studio, there is just much more user friendly.
You know what I mean? Yeah, I do. Like compact and close up and I know where to stick this.
I know where to stick that. Back to when everything works out just fine.
WQIM. QIM.
Back to them. That's what I thought I heard. Probably some ass. WQIM.
WQIM.
Yes.
Neil, ask for the bits on 12 to 1 hour. I think you're a lot of funnier than the bits.
I mean, the only problem with that hour is maybe out of 102 or funny.
And Condoleezza and the backpipe guy.
And yeah, it's just, you know, I think the actual calls are funnier.
Like your best stuff calls, like wacky callers and you ripping them in there.
The best of calls?
Yeah, you should just suck your mic back because I think I once purchased one of your
CDs that he was going to be a lot of funny calls, but then you just have to sit through a lot of bad signs.
You know, what the hell wants to listen to a whole song?
Yeah, it's just, yeah, I think you're great. You know, listen to every.
I understand. Well, listen, I wouldn't have asked a question. I don't want people to just call
you and suck my ass. I want the truth, man. I can handle it.
Well, that's what you're going to worry for you, offended.
All right. Take care. Have a great day, pal.
Yeah.
I'm bitterly offended. I can handle it.
I don't want people just called up here sugar coating.
Oh, no matter what you do, I mean, that to me, that makes me sick, you know.
And it does. No matter what you do, it's great with it.
That's bull crap. That's not an honest answer. You know,
that's like saying, hey, where do you want me to stick it? Oh, no matter where you stick it,
I'll be happy, you know. That's bull crap. That's what's granted.
Roy!
Boy, can you believe what a slimy, drunken bitch?
Yeah. In the, in the, in the, in the QAM skybox at P.P. Park,
here were the Marlon station. I sure hope the Marlon organization doesn't get winded that,
you know, it's a wind of it. Seriously, look, the way these sports people are in this
town, they're so thin skin lately. I wouldn't be surprised if the president of the Marlon's,
if a old David Samson in Delilah, gets a wind of that. That screw-and-winek was up there,
drunk like a skunk on her ass, rolling around in a goddamn floor with a bunch of our clients.
Well, that's a good way to sell, I guess, I think they got a word for that.
What's that? Here's a fact from Rodney and Davy. He says, a letter written by a friend of mine on the war.
Oh. Oh, I see. And he's giving, I'm sure an open minded, no, I'm not the,
listen to your friend in the war and I voted for Neil as most disappointed.
Well, I'm real happy for you, Rodney and Davy, don't double park your horse anymore, okay?
Not interested. You're not going to change my mind, okay? My opinion has been based on,
on voluminous reading and I'm common sense and I'm knowing what the hell this is really all about.
Not what, I don't want some friend of yours wrote a letter about.
Yeah, God.
Oh, look at this. The time has come for the quiet majority of this nation to stand up and
loudly proclaim the purity of the mission. This nation is currently undertaking of our very future.
Right. The genetic purity. Uh-huh. The ethnic purity.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
What do you think about that noon to one hour? It's only an hour and a few minutes away.
We better get this down to a size of code wasting time. Will you please get with it?
W-D-Q-A-M?
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
How are you from Boyton?
Yes, Harry.
I like talking to Neil.
You're speaking to him.
Oh, this is Neil.
How are you from plantation?
Yes, sir.
All right. You know, I gotta say, first of all, I really do appreciate your intellect and your
point of view and your wacky humor.
But it wasn't for you and the goddess.
We wouldn't have anybody talking about the truth on the radio today.
That's correct.
I appreciate you. Thank you, Neil.
Thank you very much.
Like I said, sucking around a little bit is okay.
Did I just say that a minute ago?
There's nothing wrong with sucking around.
Whatever you do, Neil, is great with me.
You're the best.
That's fine. I like that.
We can do four hours of that every day.
Sucker.
No, this guy was good.
I'm not knocking him, but I'm just saying in general that a lot of people are called talks.
You just call to suck around like that.
Larry that calls him over every morning.
Larry, you're not fooling anybody.
And by the way, nobody cares about the Marlins.
Larry, let's face it.
Nobody cares.
Carlos does.
No, he doesn't care about the Marlins.
He only cares about going and getting a free tickets and a free hot dog.
He went there because he heard that.
He heard they had free weenies.
Right, I didn't know that at the time.
Yeah, that it was free hot dog day.
And by the way, speaking of weenies, you know, the Marlins are going to be,
I'm thinking, of course football players are pretty ugly too, except for Tom Brady.
But no, seriously, the Marlins, they've been in this, their 10th anniversary season, right?
Other than Matt Mantye, which they got him out of here real fast,
have they ever had a good looking guy in that team?
I don't think so.
I'm talking about a really hot looking guy.
You know, like a Dale Murphy, like a real, a good looking guy, like Biff Polk-A-Roba.
Well, you're just thinking about it.
Who?
No, seriously, I mean, most of the Marlins look like Charlie Huff, you know?
Well, I think of the Marlins, I think of Charlie Huffin and Puffin.
Old Charlie would at Nuckelball.
I was there that day, by the way,
opening day, first game in Marlins history.
I was a fan for about five minutes.
And I sat there when it stands and I listened to these idiots around me there.
You know, when a guy gets to first base, he's got to go back and tag up on it a bag
before we can take his lead.
I mean, these people would know.
It doesn't make, yeah, even George is laughing.
Even George, what kind of, of course, they were your people, by the way.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, they were.
Okay.
Oh, the Cubans, they love baseball, they love it.
They just don't know anything about it.
Okay, you know, it's spelled at B-E-I-S-B-O-L, by the way.
I know how to explain some games.
I just don't spend my life.
Yeah, I've heard you played a lot of games, right?
Not as many as you'd like, but I'm here.
Right, well, no, no, no.
I'm keeps trying yet.
Well, you're still alive.
That's what I'm figuring.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Huh?
See, they missed their chance.
They're golden opportunity to influence the programming of the show.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hi, I think you should keep the noon to one hour,
because it's easy to get new listeners.
When I tell my friends, you have to tune into this station
between 12 and 1 and tell them it's a comedy hour.
It's not the bad comedy.
I get more people to tune in and listen,
and it's important for them to listen.
Excellent.
Thank you, sir.
God bless you.
Thank you, your officer.
Thank you.
See that, and I need you.
That's through good bait.
What?
Yeah, it sucks in.
People have got to billboards going.
Finally, I don't want to tell the audience
the embarrassing call I had from Norma Kent again last night at home.
Well, you started, and didn't I say yesterday?
I forgot about that.
I said on a year, I don't want him ever to call me again.
I let's just an emergency,
and Pete Lady don't ever call me.
And an emergency or not.
He must not have been listening to it.
He heard it, and now that I think about it,
that's why he called.
Yeah, to prove a point that I would take his call.
Caused me about, well, he was the opening day Monday at the ballgame,
and he went through the program.
The Marlon program didn't see an ad for QAM.
Or ads for all these other stations.
And I said to him, why the F would I care about that?
What does that have to do with me?
Why do I care?
Well, I don't know.
I thought maybe you might have some ideas on that.
This is my agent.
This is why every talk host in the world is syndicated.
And I'm on this A.M. station that you can't even hear 10 blocks up the road
when the power lines are hanging when they're hanging real low.
Norma, don't call me again.
Okay, what word didn't you understand?
Call up Joyce Kaufman.
Okay, have a nice chat with her.
Send the more emails to your buddy, Wacky Jackie.
Okay, I think it's a match made in heaven to Tanya.
But just leave me the hell alone.
Aren't you concerned about why there wasn't a QAM?
See, personally, I'd rather have the billboards up all over town.
I'm really pleased with that.
Better late than never.
Somebody'll see those.
I see them every day, right?
I even see the Moe one.
In fact, I had to stop and straighten the hairpiece out on the Moe one this morning.
On a way to work.
I left the ladder up there for you.
Right.
To crank the lights out.
When in doubt, shut them out.
That's what the Panthers opponents always say before the game.
When in doubt, shut them out and they usually do.
Cheryl says, my vote is for Neil Talk and bedtime stories instead of the comedy bits.
And Neil Talk and all bedtime stories.
Uh-uh.
Sorry, Cheryl, we love you, but I can't listen to Phil anymore.
I used to be a big fan, but can no longer take his tirades and not not see views.
Say, Cheryl, how do you like that?
His not see views on the Phil Henry show.
You understand the Gestapo keeps track of everyone.
I guess so.
Here's the most chronic factor of them all who says.
The Marlins had the guy who played first base during the World Series who was married to Lin Austin.
Total babe.
Or total babe guy.
What?
Total babe guy.
What is this?
The Marlins had the guy who played first base during the World Series who was married to Lin Austin.
Who was that?
I don't know.
Total babe guy.
Orlando, uh, more, more test these distradda.
Poodle, Poodle, Poodle distradda.
The, the, the, the, total babe guy.
I don't think so.
And if you're going to give me a stuff like a, give me a name, okay?
Give me a name.
Give me some of the hang my hat on.
Something to grab onto.
So not only is screw and when it getting slashed out of her mind at the Marlins,
I'm embarrassed, you know, embarrassed.
Like Larry Lujan, you know,
you're embarrassed to work here, but we'll take the money out.
Like you were slashed and done.
No, but it just embarrassed to be associated with these people.
Screw and win it.
I think it's high comedy.
Man, oh man, what a slut.
1057 at 560.
Roy!
W-Q-A-M.
And Todd Dreck, aren't we embarrassed to work with him?
If he don't bring me some new fast-drain copy and I'm personally going to call up my friends at fast-drain
and see that some other AE gets you account.
What are you more embarrassed by?
Her or him?
Oh, him.
Not even close.
Because that has to do with business.
You know something, she is a winner.
She's my favorite compared to Todd Dreck.
No, because I don't have any accounts.
She doesn't handle any accounts.
Well, he's not the business end.
You know what I mean?
No.
Well, maybe she handles their business end.
I don't know what she's doing or who she's doing.
The monkey business end.
Yeah.
Anyway.
No, Todd Dreck is just a loser.
He just, he refu-
In fact, when PD-Lay and Lenny left here,
he- that was the one point he made.
That there's a guy that takes sheets out of a fax paper,
fax machine, and hands it to us and add the, here's copy.
You know, don't even look at it.
It doesn't make any effort.
He refuses to work.
He's a butt plug.
Todd Dreck.
I hate him.
In fact, you know something him and Moby,
we can get a two-for-deal.
I'd dance on both their graves.
Anyway, if you're looking for a real job,
and you want to really do a little bit of work
and make a big fat paycheck,
if you're tired of being a dead and crappy job
and working for peanuts,
call Fast Train Tool 3 and 1-866 Fast Train
and get started in a new high-pain computer job.
Call Fast Train right now.
They offer you a convenient day,
evening weekend classes.
Check them out on the web at fasttrain.com
and go out of your crappy dead end job
and working for some schmuck.
Unlike dictators,
computer professionals are in high demand.
So call Fast Train today.
They got locations all over town,
so no matter where you live,
there's got to be one convenient easy for you to get to.
They're in Miami,
Kendall, Pember Pines,
for Lauderdale,
gotta be one nearby you.
Register at fasttrain.com
to receive your free American flag bumper sticker.
Call Fast Train today,
Tool 3,
Tom Todd Dreck is a schmuck.
Use any word in the dictionary,
and I'll be more than happy to back you up on it.
1-866 Fast Train.
5 and the local
6656
The radio's all yours now.
2-8
I mean, the audience is right,
Darren Dalton,
but he was only here for like about 15 seconds.
Great looking guy, baby.
He got out of here while we're getting this good.
Love you, Darren.
We'll meet again
if we don't
want to die.
From the bush cartel
that left us all this way.
We fall then to
line us a code.
It was our doom.
As the bombs drop
from the stars
from far away.
Maybe we should
obtain attention
a little bit more
to the facts we chose to ignore.
The price of gas is declong,
but I'm afraid that the line won't be very long.
We'll meet again
with a hold
that by the
civil rights will be restored
one sunny day.
We'll meet again
if we don't
want to die.
From the bush cartel
that left us all this way.
We'll meet again
with a hold
that by then
civil rights will be restored
one sunny day.
Now we're 8
more to 4
50
who are there
edge

but
Oh!
G E E Riciously Different Merrill Wanna Phyllis
Sake Different Merrill Wanna
Teresa Scott is a single working mother of Peter Renten
provided loving care to her children her lawyer said,
but when she admitted she smoked marriage a wini,
the Summit County Children Services Board
removed the children August 2001,
the agency's decision was held up held in County's juvenile court,
the ninth Ohio district court of appeals overruled
that decision on Monday by a two-to-one vote.
While this court certainly does not condone a parent's use of
any legal substance or abuse of a legal substance,
parents have a fundamental right to raise their children
so that appeals judges Don Acar and William Batchelder.
Without some evidence that Teresa Supervision of her
children or her environment of her children has been affected
in some negative way by a user marijuana,
there is no clear and convincing evidence
that children should be removed.
How do you like that, huh?
It's enough to make me want to play the re-from-admisfits
all over again.
You?
You?
I got all the school-parent groups about the country,
and you must have no evidence on this,
and stand up despite the assessment of all you.
You can do it by bringing about compulsory education,
on the subject of my topics in general.
The Dred Marijuana is popular.
Oh!
The Dred Matter Wana.
How's the poll coming, man?
It's got 80 billion votes and I'm sure that Diddler is on air.
Who played the Diddler on Batman?
Which broadcaster has been most disappointed to you on a war in Iraq?
Phil Henry 91, Phil's taking a weapon
here their audience is really pissed off with him.
443 votes already.
Mohauer David in 76, he's taking a weapon just on general principles
because they hate him like poison and they'd like to dance on his grave.
Neo Roger 65, Too Bad, Howard Stern 54, Peter R. Net 47,
Fatass Limbaugh 32, and George Rodriguez 32.
I knew the two you had a lot in common.
Yeah, Fat, Death, Phil O'Reilly 21, big income, Randy Rhodes 11,
Dr. Laura Aiden, Mr. Ego is all the way up to 6.
Let's hear it for Steve O'Reilly.
Six big ones.
Should mention this, that American Missile identified from the remains of its serial number
was pinpointed yesterday as the cause of the explosion at the bag
that had marked last Friday night that killed at least 62 Iraqis.
Remember they were trying to say, oh no,
it was a surface-to-wear missile that they shot up.
It was something they'd done.
We didn't do it.
We did.
The codes on the footlong, shrapnel shard seen by the independent correspondent Robert Fisk
at the scene of the bombing in the Shwale district came from a weapon manufactured in Texas by Raytheon,
the world's biggest producer of smart armaments.
The identification of the missile as an American weapon is an embarrassing blow to Washington
and London as they try to match their promises of minimal civilian casualties
with the reality of precision bombing.
By the way, Friday night, and I noticed that we get very little of this information,
Friday night in the ongoing bombing in Baghdad.
Do you know how many people died?
Although it wasn't in Baghdad.
It was one of the other smaller cities.
But third man.
Exactly.
That is correct.
Oh, I'm sorry.
It was 50.
I'm sorry.
Well, it's close to 50.
And do you just see it on the little crawl at the bottom of the screen?
Yeah.
No discussion of this.
I'm not talking about troops.
I'm not talking about human shields.
Just the civilians.
Yeah, but they're Iraqis.
Just collateral damage.
Yeah.
Who are the QIM?
Yes, I'm home for Neil.
Speaking.
Oh, Neil Rogers, you're great.
I just moved out here from Washington, DC, and I listen to you all the time.
And I thought it was really fun.
You just mentioned a Russian involved.
I've never had a minister of cramp, but I know it one sounds like.
That's him.
Oh, absolutely.
Are we in the air?
I hope not on the air.
No.
Oh, good.
Listen, have a great day and go back to Washington before it's too late.
Oh, no.
I'm stuck out here for now.
Oh, damn.
Okay.
Good luck to you, Pellie.
I think you know, really, truly, truly enjoy your show.
Thanks.
I'll be sure to mention it on the ear.
Thanks.
Here's one that says from Alex, saying Neil, the baseball player, was Meridol and Austin, was a Darren Dalton.
I just got to you saying that.
Thanks, Alex.
He played first bass for the Maroon, until he retired some years ago.
And he was only on the team for like about five minutes.
PS, please play into those Mickey Mouse bits.
They love the Mickey Mouse bits.
I'll tell you that.
Make no end course.
So do we.
Eisner.
Here's one.
Stopping such a total chicken hockey of Moa Chance.
The two of you would make a great couple.
He's clearly a bottom and you seem to be atop.
I think that's the total fit.
Sorry for the six, Joe.
Please don't puke on the air.
What do you think of Pudge Rodriguez?
I think he has a Pudge in his pants.
He's got a Pudge in his pants.
Only it's in the back.
He's got the low.
He's got the biggest ass.
No, not a load like guilty.
You got the biggest ass.
It's a Johnny and Key wife.
He's got a Pudge in his pants.
Actually, he used to be a pretty good looking guy.
Pudge Rodriguez in a kind of a very strange way.
I guess maybe he still is.
I don't really care to be honest with him.
Do I care about the Marlins?
No.
No.
I don't care about baseball for that matter.
I do still like J.T. Snowdo on the Giants, formerly the California Angels.
What?
There's a good looking guy.
Great all-star first baseman, by the way.
Golden Glob first baseman.
J.T. Snow.
Sensation.
I don't know exactly how old he is, but he's been kind of old.
W-D-Q-A-N.
Q-A-N.
He's got me on the air.
It sounds like us.
Honestly, Dr. Menter and Adam know what his favorite movie is.
Who?
The newest Adam's favorite movie.
Let me ask you something.
Did I do the wrong spot at the end of last hour?
What did you do?
Fast train?
Yeah, that was wrong.
What was the right spot?
Wireless city.
Oh, well that's coming up next.
I keep doing that because I'm trying to get ahead of myself.
I keep turning the page before it's the time to do it.
So you know what, Sadon's favorite movie is?
I don't know and I don't care.
I'm not interested.
It's some horrible stupid joke.
I don't really care.
No, no, it's not a joke.
I don't know what his point is, but it's the Godfather, so I don't know what to think.
Oh, that's true.
I know it is true, and I'm glad I didn't listen to it because I heard that.
I heard that in the same place that this guy heard.
John Fido.
Yeah.
Does he really?
Yeah.
Well, maybe we can hit him five times.
Maybe we already did it in five times, and he's still alive.
I hope we're not too sure.
We don't know.
Didn't you drop yesterday for that press conference, by the way?
We've got a couple of suns for that speech.
You want to look like Fido?
The other one's the Ahmed?
Ahmed?
Right?
One's the war here.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
1109 at 560 WDQAM.
Phil, have you had 94 votes?
Are you positive?
I'm looking at it right now, Mr. Hot Shot, Mr. Right Wing, Mr.
You know something, he'd look really good with a little mustache.
And since he has virtually no hair anyway, even less than I do, we could, you know, put that little Hitler sing down on the side of his head,
and then the little shoe polish black him.
I can see it now.
I can just smell it now.
Let me tell you something, Mike Crouch.
Nick Frank?
Ten minutes after 11 at 560 WDQAM, we're building up to that big new into one hour, and I'm really still, I don't know what.
I'm between Iraq and a hard place.
I would like to play Iraqi in Bullwinkle.
Now, do we have all those back here, or did I just put them on the, I don't know?
No, you know what I'm saying?
Because I took copies of those all the way up to Toronto, and I'm certainly not going to be slipping those back and forth.
Right.
Don't know.
Have you ever thought of getting a wireless phone?
Sure you have. You know how valuable it is to keep in touch with your business associates during the day, as well as being connected with your family at all times.
Well, don't postpone it one more second, get it done today.
Just call wireless city a team mobile authorized dealer, call them tool free at 1-882-2-1-8080, and wireless city will deliver today to your home or business, your brand new wireless phone, ready for you to use.
Wireless city, a team mobile authorized dealer, can offer you service plans perfect for you and what you'll be needing.
Like their new 39-99 plan with 600 whenever minutes and unlimited weekends.
Call wireless city now tool free, it's 1-882-2-1-8080.
Call today and get you the new small size Nokia 3390 with vibrating call alert and hands free.
Just call 888-221-8080.
Service agreement required, see printed materials or authorized representative in wireless city for limited and complete details.
Wireless city, a team mobile authorized dealer.
Wireless city, a team mobile authorized dealer, can offer you service plans perfect for you and what you'll be needing.
We're supporting you 560, UAF.
I guess I should have known what to expect living in Miami with the kind of service you've get in this town.
I would have to leave to follow if I didn't eat that crab I swallowed.
Why can't you let me so you can ask why can't you lose us get it right you can't have over blocks inside my heart.
It can make my heart go out.
It can't just get that.
1115 at 560 WQI am happy Wednesday too.
Here's Rick from Tampa is becoming very chronic says the comedy hours okay to me but I think that today should be dedicated to MOBITS.
I think that an hour of that or even five minutes you get better ratings than the real MOB show.
Maybe you should have his peace on the show as a guest.
We could sit down on the chair over there.
I'm sorry Luis is sporting it.
Oh yeah that's a beauty.
In fact I see he's got a couple of spares over on a side just in case and hair pieces too.
Sometimes they snatch him right off your head.
Okay let's go let's we only got 45 minutes we don't have time to screw around here.
Okay let's get right down to the nitty gritty and find out what the story is.
By the way you see about Jessica Simpson or Samson.
I'm not sure.
Once her record coming out.
We got to send Jessica Simpson over to Iraq.
Yeah to perform you know entertain the groups.
Get her away from Nick.
560 okay let's thumbs up or thumbs down how are we going to do this real quick okay.
Here's the thing about getting rid of her all over Vera.
And then embarrassing the Fox News of all people.
These super patriot right wing assholes at Fox News.
They got a guy over there by the name of her all though who is compromising the safety of our troops.
How do you like that huh?
Yeah.
And they had to be requested by the Pentagon to get his stupid ass a grandstanding ass out of there.
Dan and Miami Beach says.
An article in the other view section of the health points out how the bushman has little capacity for intellectual curiosity and is intimidated by complex issues.
He wouldn't last ten what do you say WQ I am.
Q I M not there WQ I am hello.
Yes I am calling to speak to Neil speaking speaking.
Yeah I am calling.
Why are you laughing?
I am doing screenless here I am picking up the calls cold do I have.
Yeah I am interested in speaking to Neil about.
You are speaking to Neil right now sir I am picking a call let me say again I am doing a screenless that means I have picked the calls up cold.
I am speaking to you now.
Oh okay.
Okay.
I want to speak to you about.
I am.
And hockey.
Yeah.
Who of your favorite subjects?
Yeah most favorites of the hockey.
Yeah.
I don't I don't normally get a chance to listen to mo because I work afternoons and evenings.
Or what your missing man.
I know.
But I have listened to your bits on mo which I think are hysterical.
Yeah.
And this morning I had to get up early and get on the highway and I actually did have a chance to listen to him and
Steve Goldie Goldstein.
Steve Goldie Goldstein right.
Right.
And I am a big hockey fan.
Yes.
And the islanders were on my team and last night was what a great game man.
What a unbelievable game.
Yeah.
Probably.
I wish they all I reached with the score that late goal though I wish they had arrested up last night.
I know.
I want the Rangers out right now.
The islanders are still in decent shape but they make me live on Pepsi.
But but anyway the most important thing was this was the biggest game between the islanders and Rangers in probably at least a decade.
Right.
Huge game.
Huge game and everything that's great about hockey was in that game.
Right.
And I have worries but I mean if you are from the New York metropolitan area and I only range a game that big.
Yes.
I mean if that doesn't happen.
Okay.
Let's get to it.
Moist sitting the most talking to Goldie and the answer.
Goldie.
What did you boy?
Yeah I heard that.
I was coming to work out.
I couldn't believe it.
He had nothing.
He had nothing but the rocket to read comments about that game and why would he watch the team of overpaid the athletes like the Rangers.
See the fact is he hates hockey.
He's already said that he wouldn't watch 15 seconds of a hockey game but rather than admit that.
Why would he watch the Rangers and overpaid bunch of you know.
I see I watch the Rangers to watch them lose.
You know that's how you enjoy that tremendous.
But for this to be called a sports talk show.
Right.
And to have this mole run on the show.
That is correct.
Putting down a game that is the biggest game in in in the last decade in New York.
Oh, oh, oh, yeah.
And he has a much girls basketball.
Yeah.
He is a mole run.
He should be taken out and shot.
He got a little bit carried away I guess.
M-O-R-O-N.
But it's a thought.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 T and Verizon wireless line.
I mean he did it to me so I guess I should let it go but I'm just not that.
I'm not that.
I didn't think to help yet.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Yes, my suggestion for the 12 to 1 hour.
Yes sir.
Brian London at the War Desk at 5 16 W-Q-A-M.
Oh.
Brian has one thing to say to you sir.
Where is lunch?
That's all he has to say.
I still think we ought to resurrect that.
I don't know how we're going to do it though.
Where we're going to get the prizes for the acute couple or what did we call it?
Hot couple.
Hot couple.
Yeah.
We can start a collection when I come back from Vegas.
Yeah, I bet you want to start a collection.
I'm sure.
No, we got-
When you come back from Vegas, vacation.
He's going to Vegas or schlepper like him?
No.
Hank take any with him?
No.
Oh.
Go ahead.
Go into the hills where it'll be safe.
Are you going to North Carolina?
Yeah.
Oh, I hear that's what that SARS-R brakes coming up next.
There's nobody up there to outbreak it onto.
That's what you think.
When you hear the first news in the woods I'd run like hell.
So when you come back we're going-
Well, now where did they email those or did they mail them?
Yeah, they emailed them to the site.
We did a contest and you'll Roger that on the site.
How do they do that since we don't take emails?
No, we made a specific address.
Well, can we put that back up again?
Sure.
We'll come up with some prizes.
We have like dinner to pick someone up.
At least once every couple of yeah.
We'll put together a package of stuff.
About like once a month.
Right.
Once a month would be good.
For the hot couple.
I know.
I was having sponsors.
Other than the winners that we had the other-
Which here we got that nice package from NEMIA today.
Other NEMIA must have somebody human out there.
Huh?
If you search long and hard.
I mean, stop and think about all those appearances that you do.
Oh.
Huh?
Oh.
I've got a lot of human looking lovely hot people.
WQAM.
QAM.
Okay.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Why are you such a liberal?
Oh, God.
WQAM.
Comedy bit.
Yes.
Okay.
Good.
There you go.
There's one.
You know, it took me like 20 minutes to get them to respond.
He likes it.
Why are you such a liberal?
Why are you such a fact?
Why?
Because I am okay.
Because I feel like it's schmuck.
WQAM.
QAM.
QAM.
QAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Good morning, Anthony.
Good morning.
Speak to me, sir.
Yeah, the office.
Time is of the essence.
Yeah.
What are you?
Are you looking at a little of a chainsaw over there?
What's going on here?
Lumberball.
Good, God.
Where's the phone?
There's a camera.
There's a camera.
There's a camera.
We got the text.
They floored a chainsaw massacre going on.
Speak to me, sir.
Say something.
Please.
Yeah, I'll...
Too late.
Was that a lightsaber?
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, ma'am.
Yeah, this is the Neil show.
Yes, ma'am.
Well, could I say something?
Go right ahead.
You're on right now.
This moment.
This is your chance to shine or not.
You want me to shine, huh?
Or not.
Not as the case may be.
Whatever you choose.
Or as a good choice.
Probably not.
Okay.
What I'm calling about is a group called the defense group.
Bushers, little group of people that are supposed to be...
By the way, we got Maureen Dowd's column on our website.
Thank you very much.
Whoever wasted my fax paper without again, too.
I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
Pardon?
I said, what is it about Bushers, little group?
The defense group.
And Mr. Pearl from...
Crossing?
From global, from crossing your heart and hoping to die.
Okay, thank you.
5667-0560.
Call up Randy.
Okay, I'm sure she'd be delighted to talk to you for hours and hours.
Wow.
She was talking to Old Yentos.
Okay, ma'am.
Get out of here.
5667-0560.
M-O-R-O-N.
Pound 560.
Yeah.
And that's so far.
We got one vote on the Noodle 1 hour.
We're not going to let that one guy decide.
And I want sure.
We'll see.
W-Q-A-M.
Give me a second.
W-Q-A-M.
Hey, how are you?
Okay.
Hey, so I just wanted...
You were talking earlier about an entourage.
Apparently Joe Rose is an entourage.
He's done the killber.
That's why I heard that was the spirie port we had.
Pretty sad commentary.
Well, I know, but you know, I had the misfortune going to that $3.
I happened to live nearby, and I figured three bucks.
What the heck?
Give me a little bit like walks around while you're eating.
And this is you.
And what?
And this is you, yeah.
And at our appearances too.
So why are you taking a request for your comedy?
Sure, go ahead.
He's having a wild problem, you know.
I think his phone got stuck in his...
Correct him.
5667.
I mean, I had a little communication problem here today, boys and girls.
Even though we're in the communications business, as John Ford would say.
Paxing communications, remember that?
Yeah.
Let's see.
George is happy because her older brother is Puerto Rican.
Yeah, also, do you have any catch the three stooges?
Yes, they forgot about that.
They said...
We have to watch Larry Curly and Mo.
And Larry was supporting a little Hitler mustache.
I like the new one, but it's on Wednesday and when suds is it also.
And then it says,
PS Mad Dog, you big cho cho.
Yeah, that's right.
He is, he admits it.
Big cho cho.
Remember that song, the Beatles song, cho cho was a...
5667.
0560.
And next dolphin, all the dolphins, man.
Much of pussy.
Okay, much of pussy.
Yeah, and they've got that billboard.
It says we got balls and we don't have any.
See, I would, I would demand I'm taking it down for that reason.
Because obviously the dolphins have no balls.
Tom Brady, there's a guy with balls with big, gigantic waybos, baby.
Huge.
What?
Waybos rancheros.
Waybos rancheros.
Anybody ready for brunch?
Beasts this.
W-Q-A-M.
You're Roger.
Speaking.
Yeah, as I just called you, I'm the one from Washington, D.C.
And say, you kind of like cut me off and you know.
W-Q-A-M.
Comedy bitch.
Yes?
No.
No?
Okay, this guy says,
No.
Okay, not a bad job on the 0-2, too bad a step down here.
Sorry.
Here's one.
Oh, this is good.
How about this idea for a future pool?
Thanks for the ideas on the pools because believe me, I have to rack my brain every day to come up with something new and innovative.
I like doing good pool, man.
That's what life is all about is doing good pool.
We got a pretty good one today.
Which broadcaster has been most disappointing to you on the War in Iraq.
Phil Henry 108.
108th failure, getting buried.
Are you sure?
Mohauer David 84.
Neil Rogers 71.
Howard Spurm 62.
Peter R. Net 52.
Rush Limbaugh 37.
George Rodriguez only 34.
You're falling for it.
Damn it.
See, there was like a big splurk there in the beginning.
Bill O'Reilly 24.
Randy Rhodes 11.
Wow, what?
Dr. Laura's got nine.
And last place, as usual, is Mr. Ego.
Steve Keynes got eight.
Eight.
Here's the idea for the pool.
Somebody says, with a threat of a terrorist attack at a high level in the US, where's the most dangerous place in South Florida?
Home, Ballpark, Office, Cinema, Hospital Airport, Mall, Cruise Ship, Public's Parking Lot.
It says, PS, my votes for Public's Parking Lot, just about getting killed every time I go.
Yeah.
Noon to Juan, Bokobrine, doing Moe, it says.
And also when the bottom it says,
Yeah, good.
It could be the Moe show.
But it won't be.
You won't?
No, then what happens with that is you bury all the bits.
They just aren't that many of them, you know?
You bury it.
Although I will dance on the grid.
I will dance on the grid.
Twenty.
You know, I'll do your...
I'll make a pact for you.
Oh, he is just...
There are no words to describe that creature.
There's no words to describe what it is.
What it is, man.
Wow.
It's just a bundle of ego, just impossible.
It just cannot interrelate with another human being.
Impossible.
Twenty-seven passed eleven at five sixty W.M.
And of course, if you got a hair problem too, maybe that's the problem, you know what?
Maybe that moon's got a complex about those damn animals on his head.
I guess everybody would probably eventually, especially when even they won't talk to you.
Charles Alfier is the hair man, maybe over twenty-five years, and going strong.
Because he's been always having the latest technology available like his new natural hair line system
that makes it look like he got a real hair on your head instead of like some poor dead old animal.
Instead of like an animal farm on your forehead.
Charlie's got that natural look in here that looks like it's going out of your scalp.
That's the key.
And whether you're a billionaire or in between or even a slipper, you want to go to Charlie
because even the rich guys go there, they know that for no price in a world can they get a better and more natural look in the hair system.
And you mention the arrages and you get two hundred bucks extra knocked off the regular price at Charles Alfier.
You got nothing loose but the ugly shiny bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee.
If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells in the hair too.
And if you're not getting laid at least two, three, four, five, six times.
In fact, you know something?
The last person I talked to went to Charles Alfier told me he was getting laid.
Thirty-man!
Time's today.
Call this tool free number 1-800-321-2413.
Be sure and tell me that old Neil told you to call 1-800-321-2413.
Or check them out on that wicked worldwide web and get your hair back.
Charles Alfier E.com.
The Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
How come we never been invited to Shulestay House, huh?
I have to not buy it.
I pray that day when someone done us wrong.
We didn't take their crap.
In Pearl Harbor, her window jammed to drop their bonds.
We bombed them back.
And now the Saudis, they hit us hard.
And on our cards, our little flags wave.
As that Saudi-loving, retired voice of bombers the wrong way.
And oven barrows to be in America
where they follow those like sheaves.
The United States of arrogance,
and by push and its family,
we they got this country up.
And the length of the darkest days in our history.
I don't want to be a Pax America in the goddamn USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives
Stop living in the past.
If you want that SUV to drive,
You're gonna need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They train us to believe.
And anyone who says that obviously
And so forth to be.
And oven barrows to be in America
where we take triadically.
Wave a flag and one hand with our head in the sand.
And blindly follow the powers that be apathetic.
Up washing state for news on a 65 inch screen.
Scratch your balls and fire.
Everything's okay.
In the goddamn USA.
Don't let America.
1134-26 till noon at 560.
We got a real dialema going on here.
You know, we just don't know whether a scream or peel a banana.
We got two votes though.
One of them says, and the other one said,
No.
So we're like stuck.
It's like a quarter weekend standoff.
W-Q-A-M.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
You're a dick.
Yeah, great.
W-Q-A-M.
Dale.
Yes, sir.
Does that mean I can break the tie?
For the moment, yes.
A lot of pressure right now.
No, go to calls.
No, but no.
Okay, this here's a call that says no.
Okay, thank you.
Yes.
I don't know if you put brown on the cable channels on the war coverage.
Talking about hypocrites.
Fox News every five minutes will mention how MSNBC and Peter Reneck
kicked off the air.
They've yet to mention about their own man, Herald.
How do you like that?
Their own man that was given away military secrets and given away the coordinates
where the military, uh, uh, were B, etc.
Not one breath.
Compromising the life of our troops over there.
Yeah, you can find them.
I say everyone, let's make, uh, let's make Herald a human sacrifice over there.
What do you say about that?
All right.
We'll be the first one to put in the car.
Let's swap his ass for all the prisoners of war over there.
Let's swap Herald.
I'll even up.
He kind of looks like an Iraqi anyhow.
We'll send him an undercover.
There you go.
Okay, thanks.
All right, thank you.
Schmacht ahead.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Yeah, maybe Herald can make them famous now, you know?
Right.
He's got a Bella Figura.
So we got two votes no on the new to one comedy, but sorry on one vote.
Yeah, it's pretty weak.
Come in to QAM.
No!
Jeez!
Here's a man sounded like he was in pain, didn't he?
A little bit.
Infatic, kind of like, no.
Like that.
We're more like, no.
There you go.
Wild man.
Come in to QAM.
Hi, I would say no, Neil.
I like to hear you better.
Oh, well, don't sound so apologetic there.
I mean, you know, stick up like he didn't yell it out.
Also, Neil, remember Dave Magidan?
Wasn't he cute?
No, he was grotesque.
Oh, but he was such a nice guy.
He was a very nice guy, but ugly, like me, you know?
And Brett Barberi.
Brett Barberic?
Yeah, except when he had the big wand at tobacco in it.
Yeah, when he had that big wand, it just didn't do it.
Yeah.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
Thank you.
Thanks, you had a Marlon Soragui.
Let's face it, they were right.
Darren Dalton was a very good-looking guy, especially when he played for the Phillies.
When he came here, he got like a little ugly.
But he was married to that real hot, and they got kind of like a messy divorce.
Remember that Tracy Austin, isn't that her name?
Who?
Wasn't that her name?
He doesn't know.
That was married to Darren Dalton.
But whatever the hell, what differences make Paddy DuCostan?
I don't know.
So you don't just tell, you're just so far out of it, you run a different planet.
You're able to add North Carolina, Mendelian.
And baseball stuff?
I don't know.
I know what I'm talking about, Facebook.
We're talking about a hot babe, okay?
You should know something about that.
Who?
Just the fact that you was married to a baseball player, what is that?
I don't know, Paddy DuCostan.
Now, is there a husband and woman that's silly mustache?
Used to be.
WDQIM.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Good.
Well, first of all, my opinion about you is you're a big, overrated.
Good, good, great.
And we're real.
I'm not asking about your opinion, okay, asshole.
I'm a big, overrated fat.
Well, that's an important guy.
WDQIM.
I think I talked to you.
Speaking.
I feel like I'm already this morning.
Okay.
Hey, yes, on the VIT, I'd like to say that one song, I don't like that song.
What's that?
Not proud to be an American.
Embarrassed to be an American?
Yeah, yeah.
You don't like it?
No, I don't.
Well, we like it.
Okay, well, it's your show I like to show.
And we're embarrassed to be Americans during what's going on right now.
Okay, well, the other Americans in France, right?
A bigger party?
Better than Americans in France.
Well, that's pretty, pretty sad that we have to, you know, make that comparison.
If that's the best we can do, we got real problems, man.
Oh, well, have a great day, pal.
You've seen the old boy show.
Proud to be an American.
Let's hear it.
God bless this country.
Come on, let's hear it.
You want to sing?
No.
Come on, let's go.
Let's play the national anthem.
I'm from a sing that song.
All of that stuff.
Yes, we will.
Pledge of legions.
Is that in here, by the way, that Pledge of Allegiance?
What's that under?
What Pledge of Allegiance?
I pledge allegiance to that atheist one.
Oh, no.
There's two or three.
Kami Pinka.
What's it called?
Give me a clue.
Alternative religion, alternative lifestyle, alternative voice guts.
We don't have it in there.
It's not an Eric.
I don't know what it is.
Well, just sing it.
Five, six, seven.
Yeah, kind of like Condoleezah without the awards.
We'll just sing it.
That's a good idea.
See if I can find it.
One moment, please.
Okay, well, we're going to.
Is that what we're going to do, please?
Yes.
I hope this is the right one.
Twenty one till noon at five sixty WQ AM.
That noon to one hour so far we got two votes say.
The comedy bits and four say.
Oh, god damn, you know?
It was such a nice break, you know what I mean?
We enjoyed it.
We had a good time sat here.
Just of course we're not having any food in here anymore.
Kill them all.
Now we're not having no food in here. Don't be start with that crap. Don't be a weak sister. Okay. Don't start kidding.
I mean, won't be me. Even all of these offers. We've had more offers of food in here last two days. The poor Iraqis over there,
would be desperate.
I pledge allegiance to a non-specific symbol of our choice of the United States of America and to the Republic for
a rigid stance, one nation under a non-specific religious crisis.
Peace is crisis.
Yeah.
Divisible or indivisible?
It's ordered out liberty and justice for all.
It's not.
It's for some.
It's one.
Okay.
Just checking 20 till noon at 5.60 WQM. I think you're a fat, overrated piece of dirt. Yeah. Then I'll go find something to do.
Okay. Go play with yourself, Schmuck. If you can find anything, any equipment.
Hey, Brandy Shoes is celebrating their 2050 year in business.
And then any independent family shoes or that sticks around. In fact, any retail outlet stays around this town that long.
He's got to be doing something right. Like at Brandy's offering you a fantastic selection of men's and women's famous brand shoes like Rock Ports, Echoes, Mofistoes, Timberland Clarks, S.A.S. Floreshyme, and lots more.
And as far as sizes are concerned, even if he got teeny tiny feet, they got men's size of 6 to 15, even if he got big fat ones like Tom Welling.
Or women's 5 to 12 and widths from very narrow to the very wide.
Which share we run wasn't on, small for last night.
I forgot.
Oh. And don't forget the professional sales David Brandy's know how to give you a perfect fit every time with great service.
And with over 40,000 pair of stock in their 8,000 square foot megastore, you can be damn sure you can buy George and Carlos's life.
Now, whatever you're looking for, they got it in your size and the shape and width and whatever.
Brandy is a great place to schlep your feet for shoes. And don't forget it's a great time to buy Rock Ports again this week at Brandy's.
All this week, take 20% off all men's and women's Rock Ports and stock.
Be sure to visit Brandy's on a web too at BrandyShews.com.
You'll find Brandy's at 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach, open daily 9-9, Sundays 10-5.
Line by and local.
Your sports radio 560's you ain't.
You ain't the butt.
I smell it.
There may be 101 channels on your cable network lineup, but no matter where you turn, you can't avoid those.
Tampa on our yeast infection commercials.
The Lifetime channel wasn't enough. Now we have to put up with a Wii network and oxygen.
Well, here's a channel just for men.
Methane.
Methane is the only channel specially designed for men. This week on Methane, the world flat-gillin's championships from Guadalajara, Mexico.
Greg from Trenton, New Jersey has just finished 13 bean burritos and...
No more, that will put him back into the lead. We should receive excellent sports on that attempt.
And how about the wide, wide world of beer?
Now that's beer.
And every Thursday, tune in to Methane for its informative series How to Understand Chicks.
I don't want to solve your problems, Rhonya. I'm just here to listen.
You are the most wonderful man.
Thanks, Methane.
So if you want to get away from all that women TV stuff, call your cable provider and ask for Methane.
Methane. It's a win.
16.560 W.A.M.
Sensitive to the controversial war against Iraq, movie studio executive said yesterday,
they've changed an ad for a teen comedy that features a 16-year-old star flashing a peace sign.
This is so sad it makes you want to sit down and just cry and or puke your guts out and fill your bag twice.
What a girl wants, which they abuse in theaters this Friday with emerging star Amanda Bines,
has nothing to do with current U.S. military campaign, but ad executives at Warner Brothers decided to remove Bines' V-shaped peace sign on newspaper ads,
and instead have her placing her hand on her hip.
I'm hip.
When in the middle of a war we wanted to be sensitive to that, we decided to change it to avoid any perception that we were making a political statement.
We didn't want to burden the movie with that a Warner Brothers spokesman woman said,
no complaints about the original ad which remain on the billboards have been received.
No complaints, but they're still...
...wishing out.
What a girl wants as a romantic comedy aimed at young girls about an average teenager who travels to London to find her long-lost father.
Warner Brothers is owned by a media company AOL Time Warner, who's stock is about...
I don't know.
I guess down to about a few cents now.
About third man?
Yeah, something like that.
Two votes, yes, four votes no, and of course we should have had like 500 votes on this already, but that would have been too scientific.
We need some more support on this.
Although Mike Oxlong, as Faxton said, he wants to do the comedy bit. It's an out three to four.
WDQ-I-M.
Hi.
Hi.
That's Neil.
It sounds like it to me.
Oh, I've been found different.
Oh, I had to run to the phone.
I had to run, not walk to the phone.
Okay.
Sensorship?
We can't even have a peace sign now?
No.
We're not supposed to be for peace.
No.
Let me ask you something else.
See, first of all, that peace sign that's a throwback to the 70s and the 60s and the hippies and drugs and anti-war and counter-comment.
And then, you know, you know, you're going to have a lot of problems with the culture and things like that, all these bad things.
Did they realize that when some of the POW families or the troops that were killed, some of them actually were anti-war themselves?
Right.
And they said it.
So they're allowed to say it.
When I first heard your condolences.
Not anymore.
When I first heard your condolences a bit, the one with the duct tape over my mouth, I almost fell off my chair.
But I didn't realize that you couldn't play the real one again.
Right.
I'm really upset about that because there's too much censorship in this country now.
And anybody who buys from Barnes and Noble, I mean, books now, now we have the banned books.
Yeah.
I mean, it's crazy.
Stick, they got a stick Michael Moore's book way in a back somewhere because of what he said on the Oscars.
Have you ever heard anything so outrageous in your life?
But, well, you know, I argue just my sister about that the other night.
She said it's not the time and place at the Oscars.
It's been going on for as long as they've had Oscars.
It's been going on.
Somebody, whether it was Marlon Brando or Joe T. Scott, somebody is always, in fact, even the people from the Oscars, they said they've got 45 seconds to say their thing.
And it's a free country and they should be allowed to say.
Only the winners were allowed to speak.
That's why Susan Sarandon was a lot of.
But I want to tell you something about the, I know you don't like Aaron Brown, but.
Oh, no.
Wait, last week.
Have you noticed how the change in the color of his piece?
He used to have a red hair piece though.
I didn't know he had a piece.
Oh my god.
I know you don't say that, but.
No, it used to be a red muskrat.
Now it's a black beaver or something.
I keep looking for the theme.
Oh, please.
There's no seam. It just flopped on his head.
Last week he had a woman on that.
He's so winy and wimpy.
Aaron Brown.
Oh god.
In fact, you noticed they cut back his airtime.
They even put Paula on there in the evening to show up where that county chick used to be.
They put Paula on there.
She's not doing such a bad job.
Paula?
When I listened to you, I was like, she was a bimbo.
She is a bimbo.
She's a lightweight.
I like Bill Hammer myself.
Bill Humper, yeah, with for different reasons.
I know.
I got news for her.
I saw him one day.
Yeah.
I don't think it was during this war, but it was during some, maybe it was after 9-11.
And he hadn't had the makeup on yet.
Trust me.
He's, he needs a real good looking guy with a makeup on without the makeup.
He's, it looks like Liz Taylor.
Wow, we are.
We are.
But let me tell you what Aaron Brown said.
He had a woman who was a radio talk show host from Boston and she said that she was a liberal.
Yeah.
And he said, what?
He said, I didn't think there were any of those left.
And he said, I'll have to commend my booker.
So he was, he was actually, you know, saying he did admit that you can't find any liberal talk show host.
Of course not.
And I'll tell you, me and the goddess.
Wow, what is it?
And I'll tell you something else.
Well, I don't, about censorship, I'm surprised that David E. Kelly, they'll probably take the practice of the year because did you, well, you don't want to.
I don't want to.
Okay, the show on Monday was about a death penalty case and you know Massachusetts does not have the death penalty.
Right.
So they mentioned that Ashcroft made it a federal case so they could execute the kid and they even showed Ashcroft on TV making a speech about how they were taking.
And the lawyers that did the closing arguments or whatever you call it in the case mentioned that under Ashcroft we have made, you know, so many cases, you know, the federal has taken them over so that they can.
Yeah, because he wants to fly up to people.
So they can execute people in states that do not have the death penalty.
Right.
He's already done it more than the whole entire eight years of Clinton.
You know what Ashcroft said this morning on the today show?
He's covering up another bus.
Do you know what he said?
You might mention my name is Rice Marshall Gary.
Have a great day, sweetheart.
You too.
Bye-bye.
That's what he said.
Oh no!
Here's the fact that it's and also no to the bits.
I guess we're not doing a comedy bits anymore.
Oh well.
Well, I was all geared up for that today.
I kind of like doing extra hour and a whole four hours.
How come that old fart was a lot older than me?
I guess that must be the reason.
He only does three hours anymore.
That's all we can handle.
And he's got a not just like a producer like a puts like you,
but he's got a sidekick in there.
Yeah.
Yaldi.
Two producers.
And Robert and Zach.
Right.
Well, sidekick and two producers and apart and he got how he's with that food.
Right.
And Ding Dong School.
Yeah.
And Clarence said he'll take her to Ding and Duff said he'll take her to school.
Anyway, Deer and Dalton divorced Lynn Austin, the original hooter girl.
Do you remember Lynn Austin?
No.
Hot.
Hot, hot, hot.
Brett Barbary was married to Jillian Barbary Fox Sports.
I have no idea who that is.
And I remember what he said.
Oh, she's got, she's on some other show.
Who?
She's the most Jillian Barbary.
Oh.
She's the most obnoxious.
She's a direct female who's ever lived.
Oh.
Ever.
It's just I agree with a caller earlier about moving off in the morning.
His hockey overpaid player comment like NFL players.
And first of all, what Mona was about hockey,
you could stuff out of his hair.
Please never room for the Holy Rackie Army.
What's left of it?
And why continue pretending he knows something about it?
But again, because he can't lay it out there in the line for real.
And say he just doesn't care about hockey so he wouldn't watch it.
No, I just don't want to watch a hockey.
Well, there were a lot of other games on last night.
Leaves Jersey Game was a great game.
He don't care about that.
No, he's busy watching girls basketball or some crap like that.
Why don't you just admit it?
You wouldn't know a real sport if they stuck it up your ass mode.
That's the problem, okay?
You wouldn't know a hockey puck if they stuck it in your dentures.
I like to see that.
Anyway, the fact is one thing I really liked about the first game
was in the morning they would discuss a game that they either went to or watched on TV the night before.
You can tell that Mo never goes.
He just reads the paper in a box scores.
He probably has to go to bed by seven to drag his old bones in by six in the morning.
And also it says, to the bits.
Oh, the bits are getting buried.
But this one says,
Last Wednesday, you skipped the noon to one all bits.
And my entire day went on a cramp from that point on.
Please save my day.
Bits and Mo.
Bits.
Love Johnny.
PS Lots O Mickey.
What are you doing?
What are you talking about?
Last Wednesday was I wasn't that day I was out.
Yeah, I played Bits.
It says you skipped the noon all bits.
No, I didn't.
That's a George was on.
I think I heard it off.
I heard your voice.
W-Q-I-M.
Yes, yeah, I got three things.
Okay.
Yes, to the bit.
Can you play that kid rock one?
What's that one?
That one, that's your face.
I heard the other day.
And I have to be drunk to go to the Marlon Games too.
Good point.
Okay, thank you.
Excellent.
Good material.
The kid rocked one.
It's on there.
One of these.
He says he has to be drunk to go to the Marlon Games too.
That's screw-in.
It's a reference to that slut screw-in.
Who embraces and humiliates and degrades this establishment.
The people at Beasley Broadcasting,
I hope over in Naples you're listening and understand,
that your sales manager is over here.
Is conducting yourself like a slut at sporting events.
If she wants to conduct herself like a slut out in the street corner
and put her thumb out, we have no problem with that.
Okay.
Because even the Beatles said act naturally.
But as far as going to a ball game in a Q-A box loaded with sponsors
and hoidy, toyy, important people.
And maybe David at Samson and Goliath and the Delilah staff and buy.
And Jeffrey, I used to own Luria's, whatever his name is.
Going in there and taking a look.
And here's this broad just spasin' around,
drunk out of a ride, crawin' on a floor,
hoppin' on everybody's bones.
And this is our sales manager at CQF.
This is at a disgrace.
I think that somebody ought to be held accountable for that.
You know what I'm sayin'?
I can't imagine who it might be, but it just might be.
Great.
Yeah.
Of course, she's probably got the old pictures too
from the old days.
When she was the object of his directions.
Before she got old and sloppy.
Let's see, how's that pull comin'?
We asked on theorages.com today.
Which broad, or which broadcaster has been most disappointing?
Well, I'm thinking about Square-Anne, okay?
If ever the word broad was appropriate, she's it.
She is a nasty old broad, that's Square-Anne.
Wow, you can smell that all over the building.
Which broadcaster has been most disappointing
in his anoran Iraq?
Phil Henry 126, take it a whoopin' man.
Okay.
And deservedly so from the spy reports,
even little Beenerborg was giving me about how embarrassed
and humiliated he is.
Here in this crap, this right wing swill.
Coming from the once avant-garde cutting edge.
Telled with everybody else.
Telled with the establishment Phil Henry, you sold out.
You sold out Phil.
You sold out, didn't you?
Are you...
Mohauer David at 95.
Neo Roger's 79, 14%.
I'll take that.
Howard Stern's 71.
Peter Arnet 57.
Rush Limbaugh 40 and George Rodriguez 37.
You got a way to go to catch his fadass.
Oh, sorry, yeah.
Quite a way.
Bill O'Reilly 26, Randy Rhodes 12,
and Tide for last, each with...
Yeah.
Dr. Laura and Steve Mr. Egocane.
What a match made in the purgatory of that is those two.
What a match.
Ever seen it together?
No.
Same person.
5, 6, 7.
Come on, let's do it with some real quick ones.
Yes or no on a comedy bits in Noona 1 Hour.
It's very tight.
Yes, 4, no, 5.
Although I think I phony that up a little bit.
W to QAM.
My fault, bitch.
W to QAM.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, there.
Next I said, yeah, he said yes.
Didn't he?
I heard it.
Okay, he said, yeah.
W to QAM.
Yes.
This is the afternoon's bits and more bits.
Do it, do it, do it.
Okay, okay, he said yes.
Okay.
W to QAM.
How's it going, Neil?
Okay.
Hey, I got a fiery prayer for you, man.
Yeah.
Uh, Spiro-Pentin, no longer with Belfdoth.
Really?
Oh, yeah, he's a Comcast now.
That was disaster.
I think George probably chased his ass out of there.
Okay, we'll get him a Comcast now.
I got him at home.
We'll take care of him.
Yes, yes, on the boat.
And yes, on the boat again.
Okay, thanks.
That takes care of him right there.
Seven to five.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.
See, I told you if you're persevere, baby.
One thing I got to say.
I hate this place.
Oh, man.
Three minutes till noon at 5.60 WQAM.
Boy, we may be next week.
Well, we'll do a poll on it one day.
Which would be more scientific than just...
Another one guy that said yes.
He was going to say something else I apologized him.
Because he obviously had said it to the same.
But once he said, yes, Neil, I thought he was responding to our poll.
Didn't you?
We'll take it.
Didn't you?
Yes.
See, there's another one.
Three minutes till noon at QAM.
Hey, I'll tell you if your old bed is nasty and worn out
and you're not going to goodnight sleep,
there's a smart way to buy you a new mattress.
There are plenty of dumb ways to do it.
One of those being to hop into car and waste all your gas and time
and energy going to bed in the department stores
and getting ripped off.
The smart way, there's only one way to do it.
Make one easy call, sit right on your R-S right now.
1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS, and no guaranteeing a great night's sleep for months and years to come.
I'm one of the top brand mattresses in the universe.
You pick out whichever one you like the best in the size and style you're looking for.
They got Celi, Certa, Simmons, King Coral, all the top brands in the world.
Dynamite for his rank number one customer satisfaction.
First of all, as far as delivery is concerned, unbeatable.
They show up with an A2R window that you want when it's convenient for you when you're going to be home.
In fact, Dynamite for his has more repeat and referral customers than anybody because they know how to treat your right.
Once you buy your mattress and Dynamite for his, you'll never ever go back to the old way of Dynamite for his again.
I guarantee it.
And don't forget when you do buy your mattress and Dynamite for his, they set up the brand new one
and take away the crappy smelly nasty old bedding for free.
They might wear gloves, but they'll take away the crappy smelly old bedding and set up your brand new one for his for free north to charge.
So make the call right now.
You'll have that mattress installed in your home, no time at all.
And you'll be guaranteed a great night's sleep for you.
You know something I'm still going to be good on my dial amateurs extra good. You want to know why?
Why?
Not letting no dog out for time.
Oh, I know.
I know that sounds insensitive and tiny, resting pieces, but I mean, you know, it's great.
Call 1-800-MACRUS 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S for dial amateurs.
The easiest, the smartest possible way to get you a new great brand-name bed.
My, my, and look all this is 43560.
You ain't way, you ain't.
And for our alien our, rush laden and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the near roe hey, I'm gonna east that outer.
Sick iron!
Oh, this is crazy. It's fun like in that movie.
You're not pretty enough to be a leading lady.
It's the part I was born to play, baby.
In 1996, she hosted the Oscars as well as a birthday bash for President Clinton.
A movie?
It's like a long, bad movie, but you want to see the end of it?
Boos!
Boob, son-z.
These film makers are just f**king boos.
Showing no in a theater to use.
Number of films with both frontal nudity, four.
Number of films with full-sad nudity, three.
Number of films with rear frontal nudity, Christ.
When you see when I get bored, I make up my own movie.
It's here in the Oscar nomination.
Good morning and welcome to Movies Till Sunrise.
I'm a star, baby!
I'm a huge freaking star, baby!
You show me your movies and I like them too!
I don't want to work.
I don't want to make up my own movie.
Wow, a free movie, thanks!
I don't want to make my own movie.
You fooled around and liked the one movie.
I don't want to work.
I don't want to make up my own movie.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded
to dumb at people killed with the gas that we sold him.
First time aggressor nation and the only one that's going.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea and...
The nooks there told you, man, but...
Right, we...
Is drilling it over and over into our heads.
That iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
I'm a star, baby!
I'm a star, baby!
A lot is, but no one seems concerned all.
Come be in complacents, believe in every word.
Of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation.
And the right wing is drilling it over and over into our heads.
That iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
I'm a gun, I'm a sniper.
The last of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the ash drop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Tables, hawkers, all are saying.
I know, be the cattle don't have any reservation.
Bout a provoked battle and world annihilation.
Old regimes must fall, it's halvergen and stoke.
With no objection at all, temper crap don't have the ball and the right.
We've been drilling it over and over and over.
To operate wash pants, I racked hats up.
We've been the master's instruction.
Only I racked hats up when this is a master's instruction.
I'm getting pounded.
Mickey Mouse, oven, Mr. Mouse?
It's Michaelizer.
Michaelizer?
Hold on a second.
I'm going to do an answer in my phone.
Sorry, boss, it's Donnie Osmond.
Donnie Osmond, what do you want?
It's Michaelizer, sir.
It's not Donnie Osmond, it's Michaelizer, the Puts president.
Oh boy, I know.
Good morning, sir.
How are you?
I'm the most done with you, pal.
Sir?
I was looking at the waiting for this nightmare you had it's going through.
I must hold on to him, he'd get me out of here.
What a smashing successor.
What?
It was...
Everything was in the toilet.
It was unbelievable.
If you break down the demigradi...
You know what I say?
That I'm just happy it's over.
Sir, I believe the second go round will be much better.
The second go round, you must be on crack.
We're not doing that thing again.
Why do you want to bring that back?
Because the first time around, you barely missed,
toppling the entire network.
Well, sir, it's already done.
What do you mean it's already done?
Nobody ever told me it was already done.
Hang on.
Remus!
I'm on the wall with...
Remus!
What the hell are you doing?
I'm going to some condo in, ma.
Go with quietly, Remus.
That's not quiet enough, Remus.
A blue bird stinks like an arm pit.
Sir, our base sweeps will be amazing.
I'm a celebrity, get me out of here too.
Instead of 15 nights,
40 straight nights.
49th of all, the celebrity, get me out of here.
You're killing me!
And the celebrities 10 times better.
Oh my god!
We've got...
Hold on.
Remus!
Remus!
Yes, ma.
Take the harmonica, light it up your back and walk it out.
All right.
All right.
We've got Bernie Kapel.
Who?
Bernie Kapel, the doctor from the labbo.
Oh, for heaven's sake, he hasn't worked since he did the stop snoring spray commercial.
We've got a real hottie, Adrian Barbos.
Oh my god, jeez terrible!
And someone I know you'll love, Billy Bush.
Wait a minute, is that the president's annoying nephew?
That's the one.
Oh, for heaven's sake, you can't put him on there.
And...
Hold on.
Yes.
Remus!
Remus!
I can't hear you, boss.
Remus, I'm on the phone.
I can't hear you, boss.
Stop drilling!
What are you making?
Making a new credenza, boss.
What's wrong with my old credenza?
You should act, damn shot.
My shallack, M. Sharp.
It's right, slap, damn shot.
Oh, no!
Oh, shit!
Oh, I don't care who you have on this nightmare.
Well, we've got...
We have a major elixir, sir.
We've got Scott Bacchiora and Leonard Neymoy.
Even Remus doesn't remember Leonard Neymoy.
You're at the boss.
Remus, I wasn't addressing you.
Sorry, boss, he was following those things.
Oh, my god.
I'm surrounded by idiots.
Hey, Remus!
I thought I told you to put that harmonic off your butt.
Sorry, I farted, boss.
Oh, don't fart in the office, Remus.
What the poor boy's coming at me!
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
The medication's on work.
I've been here for seven years.
Nothing works here.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
The medication's on work.
I've been here for seven years.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
Special request for that in its entirety, I liked it.
My minutes passed noon at 5.60,
so I reprieve for the innuendable comedy bits of our ones.
They will do a poll on it, like maybe tomorrow.
Huh?
Especially after they hear it today,
and then they can evaluate and exaggerate.
And whatever.
By two parades.
Hey, if you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue
or any barbecue accessories, you've got to go to Barbecue's Galora.
Let me remind you to get a head start on the barbecuing season
with the perfect grill and accessories,
and you'll find them all at the Guaranteed Loas prices
at Barbecue's Galora.
They carry Barbecue's in every price range.
From the top of the line commercial grade stainless steel grill,
to the more portable Weber charcoal grill.
For all your barbecue needs at the Guaranteed Loas prices,
don't forget, shop Barbecue's Galora in Plantation and University
driving a fountain shopping center,
call 954-423-1400 for that location,
423-1400, and across Springs, you'll find them at 7485 West Sample Road
on the corner of Sample and Rock Island roads,
call 954-7576668.
954-7576668, Barbecue's Galora who beat the Barbecue's Specialist.
My life and local, this is 420560.
You ain't too way, yeah.
Let's do it all.
Let's do it.
Uh-huh.
I'm not going to be a man, I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man, I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man, I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man, I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man, I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man, I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man, I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man, I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man, I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man, I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man, I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man, I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man, I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man, I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man, I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man.
I'm not going to be a man.
You row day...
I hope you own it someday.
I hope you die today.
Yes.
I just wanted to say I want another agent.
Call me on the phone.
I just wanted to say I want another agent.
It's called me as a foo
Alright
Where the farm
Loco chains that won't stay on
The hair is blonde
Shake my fun and my turd guys on
But there's a place
Where all the guards can hide it
I can make guys grow
Right behind their seatbelt
I can make guys grow
With my mind and booty
That's where their bed flows
Close up such a beauty
It's one of those things I've worked for
But there's such a big girl
I can make guys grow
With my mind and booty
That's where their bed flows
Close up such a beauty
It's one of the things I've worked for
But there's such a big girl
But there's such a big girl
I can make guys grow
Most people are unaware that they have 7 to 10 pounds of compressed human waste packed in their bowels
You, at VC's hard packed in your bowels right now
Pounds and pounds of greasy filthy dung tightly packed snugly inside your body
Your intestines are lined with grease, mucus, undigested beef fat, hair, oil
And a cheesy substance known as skin fraught
Until now there was nothing that could be done
Introducing bee clean, an all-natural supplement that will within 3 days
Have you defecating your stale sour, musty tar-like ropes of manure
Making you feel lighter and healthier than you have in years
Call this toll free number now for a free video
And see for yourself an actual patient
Let loose his slippery, repugnant wall of bowel sludge
And the comfort of your own home, call today
Where are you?
A riot
Renting on the airways, horny, bitchy one
Fennies will have to do, you ain't getting on
Reality escapes you, you lie and you scheme
Randy, dream on Randy, you'll never have me
Sorry, steamboat Randy, little bitch with dreams
Going down life's sink in highway is that sad
Lonely clown
Everyone knows the only one who's he goes
In the clouds
Mad bloodshot and wasting
Talking trash
With a smile
Your heads up your ass
And a ln awhile
And a ln awhile
I'm in a wild...
Welcome back to the glittering pageantry of the Moju and David's show.
We have a full-ducket today.
Including the cavalcade of our articulate athlete of yours.
You know that pipe smoke is still at it.
Why?
Why'd we're singing those songs? Make it funnily.
They make funnily all the time. I don't know.
Why'd they talk to Dorothy?
They're there. Everything will be alright, Mo.
Get your hands off me, Ferri. You're queer.
You're a tomb chumper. Real men don't touch. Only during the game.
Yes, Master.
They won't sing. I'll give them singing. Get on a piano.
I'm a day.
OK, Mo.
Now, hit it.
Back in my day, men were straight.
The end day is... today.
That's why I can't tolerate.
Tis gunsling days.
Spoils were in day-back days.
Go to the stonker, Mo'eran.
What's the matter, Mo?
My wig fell off again.
OK. All right, where were we?
Poor Hosewell and Kate Adder.
I'll take it from here.
The guys that like the worship men.
Good thing we won't sing for them.
No way living that up again.
Didn't need those youth for us, Dave.
Or did it go heritage?
Jesus Christ, I really hate.
Jesus Christ, when God is.
Much better.
You must have been a space to be always thinking.
Traces to be respected.
Very good.
Oh, make it tenioche.
Oh, my God.
What's wrong with Christ?
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
All right, let's play who wants to be a millionaire.
Huff daddy, sitting in the chair.
I'll call you puffy.
Yo, yo, man. Yo, yo.
Are you ready?
Yeah. Here's your $100 question.
Finish this nursery rhyme.
All right.
Hickory, dickory, blank.
Is it A-Doc, B-Pier, C-Marina, or D-Inlet?
Whoa, man.
Is it $100 question right here?
You're kidding me, right?
It's $100.
For $100.
This ain't a million dollar question.
This is the first one.
It's only for $100.
Is this a black thing?
Would you like to use a life line?
Yeah, all right.
What do I got?
Well, we have the ask the audience, the 50-50, and the phone a friend.
Ask the audience.
Now, how many white people in here?
They're 50-50, ain't gonna help me.
Oh, you know, I'm gonna phone a friend.
Gonna phone a friend on the $100 question finishing the nursery rhyme.
Yeah.
All right. Who are we gonna call, puppy?
Oh, my boy. Oh, dirty bastard.
Old dirty bastard.
Yeah, dirty. We're calm.
Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line, and hopefully he can help you.
Yo.
Old dirty.
Yeah, man.
Regis Filman from Who Wants To Be A Millionaire? How are you?
Hi.
Got your friend here, puff daddy.
Yo, dirty was that?
Was that?
Was that?
Was that?
Was that?
All right.
All right.
Old.
Was that me?
Old dirty.
Uh, puff daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question.
Hey, the first time, man.
First question, and the next voice you hear will be his. He'll come on the line.
He'll ask you the question.
He'll give you four possible choices. Are you sick?
Hey, man.
Next voice you hear will be his, and 30 seconds begins now.
What is that?
Yo, dirty. Finish this off for me, all right?
All right, man.
Hickory, dickory, blank.
Is it A, Doc, B, P, C, Marino, or D, Illet?
Oh, oh, oh.
Come on, man.
Don't go much time.
I know this, man. I know it. I see this, P.
P, you sure?
B, B, 30, man.
Listen, a lot of money, man.
You're B, 30.
All right, man. Thank you very much.
All right, man.
Times up, uh, old dirty, said P, uh,
whew.
You still have two lifelines left. We are on the $100 question.
You know what, Regis?
Wanna poll the audience?
No, I like to add a lifeline.
I'll actually know there's only three lifelines of you, as one you have two left.
No, no, no. I get another lifeline.
It's a brand new one to the game.
And, uh, what is that, Puffy?
It's called Shoot the Host.
Puffy, you can ask the audience.
I call it Shoot the Host.
Puffy, use the 50-50.
Watch the answer.
Puffy, it's Doc. It's A.
It's Doc.
My final answer is Doc.
It's Doc.
And it's a good one.
You got $100.
Run you run you wife.
Run, run, run.
Show me your life.
Run, show me your life.
27 afternoons at 560 WQM.
Now, how are we gonna do that, um, hot couples contest?
We're gonna put the thing back up on there, where people can email it too.
Right.
And we'll get together with Miguel and Doreen, the Queen,
and put together some, like a package, you know.
We'll have Miguel put together a package.
Right.
Yeah.
Miguel's got a package.
And if you're the Weiner, maybe even take a look at it.
We'll win Miguel's package.
There you go.
No, seriously. So we'll set that up again.
We'll let you know. We'll give him more details, okay?
Because I think that was kind of a neat thing, you know.
See some of those interesting people.
Uh, hey, speaking of interesting people, we got a lot of fat people out there.
And it's like, God, and including the most of that one guy's name on the other thing.
Oh, man, he was a tub.
Anyhow, we got a lot of the beast in the building.
He better be here on Friday.
And I'm gonna tell you something right now, beast.
Oh, you better be like purging.
You better be on a straight and narrow path.
If he don't lose a least, seriously, if he don't lose a least,
another couple more pounds by Friday.
He's out.
He's out.
We'll put like a Zach on it or somebody, you know.
Julio will Zach be allowed to be part of that.
See, he raises his hand.
He weighs 48 pounds, soaking wet, little peanut.
But he wants the free food.
You little, I guess you're teaching him real well.
Anyway, balance for life is the great way to lose the weight.
That's what the beast is doing.
He's up to almost 60 pounds lost, even though he's like dicking around a lot.
No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no raise, just great results, man.
You'll be healthier.
You'll look better.
You might get a little action once in a while.
On the best part of it is, uh, you're gonna feel better about yourself too.
When you lose that disgusting fat.
Balance for life makes it easy because they make all the choices for you.
You don't have to count calories or carbs or anything else.
They do all that based on the zone diet.
And they bring you a little black sack every morning by 6 a.m.
In your sack, three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks.
They deliver right to your doorstep, at your home,
at your work if you like, wherever you're hanging out.
And believe me, everything in there is fresh.
Delicious made with the best ingredients.
Nothing frozen, no chemicals, no artificial crap.
And they let you, the only choice you have to make is they let you pick between two choices for each.
Me or every day that you're on a program, that's it.
So let balance for life take care of you.
Use column at 9.5.4.5.6.8.3.2.29.
9.5.4.5.6.8.3.2.29.
Or check them out on that worldwide web at balanceforlife.com.
I am local. This is five sixes.
The radio is all yours now.
Q and.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
If you cannot find no sum of bomb or rag.
The markets are a drama bomb or rag.
If the terrorists are frisky, hackers, pandas, looking shifty, North Korea is too risky bomb or rag.
If we have no allies with us, bomb or rag.
Okay.
If we think that someone's this is a bomb or rag.
So to hell with the inspections, let's look tough for the elections.
Close your mind and take directions bomb or rag.
Oh, oh.
Fall in line and follow orders bomb or rag.
For our might exceeds our borders bomb or rag.
This agree will call a treason.
Let's make more than enough of the season even if we have no reason bomb or rag.
Sorry, I told you don't bother me while I'm in here.
I sir.
Hello.
It's Mickey Mouse.
Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning.
How are you?
What the hell are you doing to me?
Nothing, sir.
You're freaking killing me.
No, not.
I got David Kelly calling me every three minutes.
Why did we move the process?
Sir, you told me to move the process.
I didn't tell you why you must have misunderstood me.
No, sir.
You said move the practice to Monday.
Hey, hey.
Listen, butt wipe.
I'm the boss.
I make the decisions.
You take the heat.
Right.
You move the practice.
Okay.
How are we going with it anyway?
I am mad.
Hold on.
Remaz.
Yeah, boss.
Shut the hell up.
I'm on the phone, Remaz.
Hi, sir.
Yes, sir.
What was your question?
I'm killing you.
I'm going crazy over here.
Between David Kelly and I'll make objects and call me every three minutes.
I'm going to go out of my freaking mind.
I'm going crazy over here.
Hold on.
Remaz.
Get him, boss.
Stop it, Remaz.
I'm going to fall, boss.
Stop, stop the floor, Remaz.
Remaz.
It's once this in my hand, Remaz.
That's your penis, boss.
My other hand, Remaz.
That's the phone, boss.
Right.
I can't hear anything, Remaz.
Stop sawing the floor.
Sorry.
I beg your pardon.
Sir, sir, the moves are working out very well.
The practice is forth in it's time, slot, and movement up.
What, what, what?
What, what, what, what?
You don't even beat him to WB?
Barely.
Oh my, god.
An Michael Jackson thing was a rating success.
Of course.
Hold on a second.
Remaz.
Rid the book.
What the hell you're doing with a harmonica, Remaz.
Wait a minute, little soul, boy.
No! Don't play, Remaz.
I'll jam the thing down your throat.
Get the full bird away from me.
Oh, come on, Bruno.
I'm allergic.
I, sir.
Sir, over 25 million people, sir.
Shut up, I, sir.
Listen.
Yeah.
You see me?
What I'm doing here?
Sir, you're on the phone.
I know I'm on the phone.
Do you see what I'm doing?
You're an imagination for crying out loud.
I'm moving my hands up and down, fly to side.
I'm the puppet, master.
I say it.
You do it.
Now Fox is going to air all the stuff that you cut out
all the Michael Jackson interview.
But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make them look like...
Stop it, stop it, stop it.
Puppet, master.
Me.
Idiot.
Oh.
Wee!
Wee!
Wee!
Wee!
Wee!
Wee!
Yes, we ever.
What's the hell you doing now?
Listen to Blowable.
It's nothing wrong with the floor, Remus.
What's this in my ear?
That's your penis, boss.
My other ear, Remus.
That phone, boss.
That's the phone, Remus.
Get out.
Get over the word.
Get off.
Isar.
Yes, sir.
Killin' me.
Killin' me.
I'm sorry, sir.
Killin' me.
Sorry.
Killin' me softly.
Blinded by the ride.
Bamboos of the douchebag.
The tasty moral ride.
Blinded by the ride.
Out of that like a douchebag.
Cause I usually wear a hat.
I know you may not understand what I did or who I am.
Most of you don't read any books.
So let me introduce myself.
I was a well-respected hard-right man
and trusted by high-level strokes.
I used to have a powerful,
Republican position.
High up on a poor row ground.
The holy Christians were in systems that I have
and they were just ready to live with any means that could be found.
We've seen a high-level durban straight down.
Cause I was blinded by the ride.
Bamboos of the douchebag.
The moral tasty ride.
Blinded by the ride.
Out of that like a douchebag.
Cause I usually wear a hat.
I had admission to the parties for my moralistic Christians
that growling there, taking on the road.
Why's that a rex-experimentic sister and cult
that raising sisters given power balls a cult?
My job was to welcome you to the right wing.
Point of view.
People might be easy to sway.
And now the hatred that I spewed at that minority's and thank your Jews
make me want to puke today.
I could have been in the fair with gay.
Cause I was blinded by the ride.
Bamboos of my douchebag.
The tasty moral ride.
Blinded by the ride.
There was an cult that she was naked on a pause
with two guys taking her.
A ride.
Keeping through the keyhole.
Watching mom and dad.
Keeping through the keyhole.
The most fun we ever had.
Mom and dad were playing tag.
My fair on the bed.
Mommy used her pullebies as a pillow for daddy's head.
Mommy's head was bobbing.
She almost got whiplash.
I don't know what she was drinking but she's got a note mustache.
It seems through the keyhole.
I'm sure what I see.
But I'm sure Jews like him on anything on TV.
Mom and dad were hooked together like my LinkedIn vlogs.
Last time I saw something like that.
Mom was yelling at the dog.
Dad was breathing heavy.
Mom was on her knees.
He must have had a poop or a costume where he pees.
He's been through the keyhole.
Watching mom and dad.
Keeping through the keyhole.
The most fun we ever had.
But we watched a little longer.
And I started to get sick.
If daddy's name is Albert,
my mom asked for dick.
Daddy grown in his eyes, rolled back.
Mommy wanted more.
She's going back on top of him but all he did was snore.
He's been through the keyhole.
Has a minute passed.
I can't wait to try this out on some girl in my class.
Well, I can't wait to try this out on some girl in my class.
Alright.
21 to 1560.
It's our enjoyable noon to one Wednesday comedy.
I'm enjoying it.
What's not to like?
Huh?
I always like it.
Sorry, I spilled coffee in here again.
Nice.
Boy, you guys are a couple of real slabs in there.
Anyway, I've been telling you about a really neat product that I'm using more and more now.
From my blood pressure, it's called Oliomed.
And that really works. That's the deal.
Oliomed, soft shells, contained pharmaceutical grade olive oil,
not ordinary olive oil, but super concentrated, loaded with health benefits.
Oliomed every day can help reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol.
Plus, there are 14 different Oliomed formulas to choose from.
Each one containing the finest olive oil and money can buy.
Combined with vitamins, minerals, orables to support specific health needs from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system.
You just pick out the formulas that are right for you.
And now there are three new formulas from Oliomed.
One to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight and suck you 10 for your heart.
Pick it up all over town.
More and more people are popping Oliomed every day. Pick it up at Public's Eckerds Wall Greens,
Whole Food Markets, Navarro since the dawn.
It was the order of it online, if you'd like, at oliomedamerica.com.
If you want to get more information, call them tool 3-1-866-Oliomed.
That's 1-866-6536-333.
Get your Oliomed today and start feeling sensational almost right away.
We're Sports Radio 560, UAM.
Any better than Neil Rogers?
A dour bitch on the radio, who found a niche with no life as host.
Judging women, red necked with sands, and bad ass bras in cellulite pants.
The constipation has pinched up her face.
What this hotel in nose a better way?
Self-aiding Catholic, Orthodox Jew, but she knows what is best for you.
Shack your moral of f*** her, sincestor a tishap herpa.
She's dispensing sound advice to morons with the brains of mice.
A doctor Laura, by the way, has your mother feeling today?
Laura, I would strongly advise to put your tongue in my brown eyes.
A doctor Laura, oh f*** her, A deputy has just recovered.
The smell of provolo cheese, oozing from her pony eyes.
Right, though.
There, paint's.
I don't think I like you anymore.
You used to watch me shave, now you do stare at the floor,
and don't dare penis, I don't like you anymore.
You used to be you and me a paper towel and a dirty magazine.
That's how we needed to get back.
Now it seems things have changed that I think that you're the one to blame.
There, penis, I don't like you anymore.
He seems.
There, right now.
I don't think I like you anymore.
Because when you get to drinking, he put me places I've never been before.
They're running, I don't like you anymore.
Why can't we just get a grip on our man-to-hand relationship?
Time to turn for truly how it feels.
If we put our heads together, we'd just stay home forever, there, penis.
I don't like you after all.
Oh, and run me while you're shaving, shaving my own.
I don't like you anymore.
I don't like you anymore.
I don't like you anymore.
I don't like you anymore.
I don't like you anymore.
I don't like you anymore.
I don't like you anymore.
Just bold and then stroking away.
Boy, make a little of your nutmeg.
Yeah, sound like a nine-year-old kid.
Only a macho mendicke.
You don't know this.
That makes me flip my wig.
If Ginger was a lover of mine, I'd bury my bulbous, rainy nose.
Inside is simply rearing to the day.
No, I would not be a sport pole.
Now, if I was not a closet to the face,
That's why a Ginger and Moe K Union would make me feel dizzy.
Everybody follow my cows and bulls.
Yeah, Ginger and Moe K Union would make my sorrows boney.
They ask you safe.
If we had a Ginger and Moe K Union,
Then he wouldn't have to get me raped.
They sold this radio station.
Now the future is in doubt.
We've been talking about vaccines.
Ever since Cox pulled out, now we'll work for Plexus.
The Pantomillion ever gone on work for Plexus.
He's like Waynewood More Hair.
Do not think that it's a bummer when Bill Henry's gone.
Are you sure?
Say goodbye to Aaron.
Someers say how to run and run.
They're gone on work for Plexus.
And that's a matter of fact.
They're gone on work for Plexus.
But he'll ain't changing his act.
I've said so born again, Christian.
Righteousness he can be.
He wants to change the stations, letters.
WGOT now will work for Plexus.
Yeah, good.
Plexus is the plan to fall on.
Plexus is the plan we've gone on work for Plexus.
Plexus will make the sign of the crop.
Let's go, Mordiel Lucky.
Penta won a class 60 WQM, the Mad Dog and won.
Hank from Vegas, in three this afternoon.
Then we got Marlon baseball game number two.
Marlon's in the Phillies tonight.
632 votes on a pull, which broadcaster has been most
disappointing to you on the war in Iraq?
By the way, speaking of the war,
what is Ron and Santa the markets going through the roof?
Are you worth that?
That was up to 220 some odd points in Azdaq 48.
Markets going through the roof.
You want to know why that's because what's your name?
Jessica Simpson Simpson is okay.
632 votes, who's been most disappointing on the war or talk?
Phil Henry 140.
Mohawar David 106.
Neil Rogers 84.
Howard Spurm 78.
Peter R. Net 71.
Rush Limbaugh 45.
George Rodriguez 42.
You're right on Rush's ass.
You're right on the edge.
My shop boil.
You're right on the rim.
Bill O'Rally 30.
Randy Rhodes.
14, Dr. Laura 13.
And in last place, holding up the rear end.
Yeah, Steve Cain, Mr. Rigo.
Sucking wind.
Anyway, it's yeah, before one.
What was there?
Might as well use it.
Hey, I'll tell you what else is there?
Your phone.
Use it.
Make a smart call.
Call our friends at Dallermatris and get you the best brand name mattress on of the Sun.
A very easy way.
This is the most simple piece of shopping anybody ever has to do.
Just one easy call to 1-800-MATRUS and a TT RE.
I should be talking to a trained vetting consultant who knows vetting inside and out.
They know it all.
And they got all the top brands.
They got Cili, Circus, Simmons, King Quill, Air V-Size, and Style.
You could ever imagine.
Instalk ready for just about immediate delivery.
You know, Dallermatris is ranked the best in the world of customer satisfaction.
And they got more repeating referral customers than anybody else.
Because they treat you great.
They give you that unbeatable customer service.
Delivery?
Any to our window that you pick when it's convenient when you're going to be home.
And once you buy a mattress and Dallermatris, they come in to take away the crappy old vetting
and set up your brand new one for you for free.
That's correct, Dallermatris sets up the new one, takes away the smelly,
sorrows stained, embarrassing crappy old vetting for free.
So, guarantee yourself a great night's sleep for months and years to come.
Make that one simple phone call right now.
Like I always do.
1-800-MATRUS, 1-800-MATRUS for the world flaming in Dallermatris.
I am low because this sports radio likes to see you.
You way out.
If anybody has opinion, dissenting from our way,
we'll place your name into the system as enemy of the state.
Don't even talk about who questions.
Just follow under faith.
Everybody's turning bad.
That is fascist USA.
In the ass of history, some people watching all of you.
Everyone does a speech.
So, what you do?
This is a formation.
And all you might lose.
In bush-botherland nation, fascist USA.
You got to hate those youths and flintens of our roasts too.
Believe everything we can do, understand, run you.
Bloodworn for a cornbread.
Fill up your escalade.
A roof and tiny bush bend you.
That's as USA.
We don't mind you see our jobs go.
A bad economy's good.
We're fascinated by chains.
No, don't be no stupid good.
Welcome.
All the world is waiting.
The packs of pirates in way.
Everybody's turning bad.
That's as USA.
Screw out.
You think blackmailing someone's alright.
A big blackmail.
A speciality is stuck between our thighs.
Screw out.
You don't think blackmailing a charity's role.
You'll then know the power and thought anybody's sweet and child-thulsing swaps.
Roll roll.
That's as you'll smell right.
What from up your ass is dying?
You'll be the bitch I banged to die.
I smack your hands and lose up your body the way you like.
Alright.
You get my phone your long and strong.
You carry their buttons to okay and no care if it's wrong.
Roll.
You love them, you wife.
You just be my son.
The kind of bitch we like.
You know how to do it right.
You gotta take with those edges out.
Go.
The temperature is zero.
It is cold.
It is so freaking cold.
And I cringe every time the wind blows.
In my pants something is shrinking.
I'm so cold I can't lip-sync.
That's because it's zero baby.
And I cannot feel my toes.
There's a tingling in my fingers.
And my pride that parts are frozen.
Oh my nose is about to fall off.
There's a cloud every time that I call.
And my hands are blue.
They are turning on.
They might amp you dead.
My thumbs.
That's because it's zero baby.
I can barely move my mouth forever.
I'm a red hot Latin lover.
But first I need to be thought out.
Yes I need to be thought out.
That's because it's zero.
I'm not saying it.
I know.
Anyway I enjoyed this today.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
I enjoyed it.
