I'm going, girl. You're a man, baby.
What a schedule we got today, huh?
Ah! I know what we knew.
That was mo!
I think I've heard these.
Well, congratulations. Get a life.
You fell in love with her when she was exploited for reasons of the version on the evening news.
And now, Terry Shiveaux is back, singing holiday favorites.
The whole family can enjoy, even if you don't have one.
Terry! Terry!
The whole family can enjoy dancing, where she can get a clean shot of that way, bal正, jいう dirgy,bourne, wha wahешekah...
But it's not possible for us to experience such Infinite IoT fields or around the world in such time as your native,
Let's Harry put you in a coma with this insipant standard.
What are your Harry Shimon holiday CD today and with happy holidays on the half of yellow
list everywhere. Happy birthday, Terry, such as it is. Today's your 40th birthday. Aren't you
excited about that? And I wasn't invited to the party. And of course, great minds work
alike. George's birthday is on Saturday, December 6th. Just a whole bunch of other people
in the building on December 6th. We don't know who any of them are, but at least this week. But anyway,
that should cover it. Happy birthday to all and to all of good night. Good night. Good day. On the
eva Terry Shavos 40th birthday last night, the independent guardian appointed for the Florida
woman at the center of her right to die controversy said in his court order report that she is in a
persistent vegetative state. Kind like Greg Reed would know likely to have improvement. Kind of like
Greg Reed. Dr. J. Wilson, the guardian odd lead him. Did you ever hear that before? Nope. Well, that
means legal advocate. I said and the reason I know that is because it says so in parentheses. Dr. J.
Wilson, the legal advocate for Shivos submitted his report to Florida governor, Jeb Bush yesterday.
On Monday, findings made public yesterday. Wilson also recommended that more testing be done in the case
to satisfy the contentious nature of the litigation. Shivos husband, Michael Shivos says he's following
his wife's wishes to let her die while her parents Bob and Mary Shivos are fighting to keep their
daughter alive. Keep that tube going, baby. Keep the old tube shooting. The doctor writes that all the
evidence in Shivos file supports the contention that she cannot take oral nutrition or hydration and
cannot consciously interact with her environment. Kind like Greg Reed. But he does not directly recommend
the governor rescind his executive order that reinserted Terry's feeding tube. Bush said in the
statement after he reviewed the report, nothing in Dr. Wilson's report leads me to believe that the
state should be lifted at this time or that Mrs. Shivos should be deprived of her right to live.
Her right to live. Oh brother. It's just pathetic is what it is. You need a little bit of a crazy
people. Yeah, like that asshole in Ohio, which is now not just happy going after the interstate,
but is also targeting elementary schools and what do I tell you, America? Crazy people with guns.
Crazy people with guns. 111 votes on a poll yesterday. Now before we get to the poll result,
I would like to say this that we have a checkered schedule today. Would that be a kind way of
putting it? What's going on in that place? Before we do that, here's our usual call on line 9.
No, good morning. I take it out. Take it out now.
Oh, Terry, happy birthday, sweetheart. Anyway.
Right. Oh, this is so cruel, you know, because it's not a funny story, but you might as well laugh.
What are you going to do? Sit down and cry. She's in bad shape to put it mildly.
Anyway, speaking of bad shape, that'd be a good poll question. What's in bad worst shape? Terry Shivos
are scheduled today on QAM. First of all, the moment was out again this morning and we're having
an investigation of that. He's got the crud again, I believe. Absolutely. And he was in
no show. You think it was something we said? Like what? Oh, I don't know what we ever say or do.
Joe Rose was there this morning between eight and 10 and we're here today between 10 and two.
And of course, being Wednesday, it's really like that phone. He wanted two hour. And then things
start taking a turn for the bizarre Curtis Stevenson does a damn good job. But he's on two to four.
Nobody has any idea where mad dog. He's in hiding. All right. Four to seven. The booster is on.
In place of the Humper. And all I can say is we like for. Yeah, we do.
So Blue Shambi would be on four to seven. And it's very appropriate. Duff was rationalizing that
whole deal because a lot of Marlon news last few days. And the Marlon's actually flying in the face
of the usual criticism of South Florida, the resigning cast, Theo and this one and that one of
the red river and the Mike Lowell and now they're on a verge of resigning. They don't want to send
Pudge packing. Right? Yeah. No, that's the worst incident. Pudge packing. So they're working on Pudge now.
And so it looks like the Marlon's are going to keep most of the team together. So I'm sure the
booster will have lots to talk about that. Plus his orange hair and his observations about Hank's
breast reduction and his predictions for success or failure. 111 votes on our poor yesterday. Who
would you like the most scene retire already? That was our poll question. I think a pretty good one.
Moe Howard David and Larry King were in a just in a lip lock there for the longest
damn time. You know what? They were neck and neck nose to nose, hair piece to the hair piece,
a spender to suspender, checkered pant to checkered pant, lime green, they were lemon yellow.
And all of a sudden Moe pulled away like Larry was just laying out. Who would you like most
to see retire already? Moe Howard David 314 votes. Absolutely. Wins by a mile. Larry King did well,
though 193. I'm coming in a very respectable, especially after we left him off for a long time,
a respectable third. I miss this a boring Don I miss a dead man in a chair. I don't know if they
got me. They got to have somebody watching sometime on MSNBC in order to justify keeping
that thing on the air. Don I miss 139 Jerry Lewis 114. Hey lady, my face is so fat.
I think Goldberg speaking of fat has had 63. Bob Barker 58. John Madden speaking of fat 49.
The O'Rider speaking of fat 44. I was like kind of in mid-pack.
Yeah, he pointed one percent. Mid-packing. Barbara Walters 41. I edged her out barely.
Paul Harvey 27. Regis Filvin 22. Dave Van Hornley had 19. Now that goes to show that there's
no interest in the Marlins. And Dan Moreno 18. Danny Boy coming in last place. Nobody don't like Danny.
But Dave Van Hornshut ahead. He probably should have beat out Moe when he came right down to it.
That call on the Marlins win in the World Series is so egregious, so unacceptable, so grotesque,
so bush-league, so pathetic. Even the rim man who's a friend of Dave Van Horn,
even he said it was just awful when he called me yesterday, written in the middle of passions.
Quick call me in the middle of passions. Okay, it's on 330 to 430 here, remember every day.
Don't be called me in the middle of passions. Call me any other time except during the show
when I'm awake. But other than that, is that 330 to 430 Canadian time?
A. Oh, you remember that expression? It's A. Okay. Yeah. Well in Canada we say it a little bit
different. We say it's okay. A. Okay. But anyway, now River Clawden, he was distraught over the fact
that I'd forgotten entirely about the Panthers being in Montreal over the weekend and the fact
that he was there and he was sitting his hotel room all a block away from my hotel. I'm being
else to eat the one of us Saturday afternoon waiting for the game just sitting there twiddling
his thumbs, bored his crap, whether it was horrible. He said we could have gone to lunch. Well, I did
go to lunch as a matter of fact, but I've been friend of my way out. We had a lot of great meals.
Oh, speaking of meals last night was my big kind of like mini reunion and you know what, it was great.
I've no regrets, no complaints. I must confess. See now a lot of people, if you have any,
if you're vain like somebody we know, then you'd be concerned to see somebody 43 years later
when they see how old and fatter and uglier you got. But I don't, I'm not concerned about that.
That was the least of my concerns because obviously he had dressed and looked away. I do. He can't be
concerned about any of that. But I don't know. I just was worried after all these years. What are you
going to have in common with anybody? Sit and talk about for hours and hours, three hours and 15 minutes
later we left and concluded a fabulous dinner at Ruth Krischstakehouse, which I bought last night.
Yeah, I bought dinner. Remember it was great. Man, I had maybe the best ribeye I've ever had in my life.
You're going to tear them apart. What? You're going to crush them. Who?
River. Why do you say that? That's two meals in Miss Town. I told them that yesterday.
I already said, Oh, which one? I said there's only one. It's the one in the Hilton Hotel downtown.
They're really good one. Oh, it's a beautiful joint.
And the check with tip came over 400 bucks. Can you name it?
And that's okay. I can handle it. I bought. I told them up front. I bought. And there was
nice of them because they didn't go whole hog. You know, I said order anything you like.
And whatever you want. And they both got the petite filet. And then we did have dessert. Oh,
man, did you ever have the banana cream pie Ruth Krischstakehouse? I might have. I had something
that I forgot what it was. It just like got the bananas are like glazed. You know what I mean?
Ugh. And it's not really traditional pie. It's got like a round pie crust underneath it. Oh,
I should have eaten that if I did. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Seriously. Ruth Krischstakehouse is outstanding.
I you know, you can give me a solid dance. All you want about shulas and I know we make a lot of
money from shulas. So we love shulas restaurant. But but the fact that the matter is I don't want to
eat in the steakhouse where the menu is on a football. Okay. It's just a little bit too sportsy even
for me. You know, even for even for a jock sniffer like me. It's a little bit too with the menus on
a football. Yeah. When you're supposed to go ahead and say to the waiter, give me the ball. Give me the
ball. Give me the ball. I just can't do that. They throw it at you from the other side. As opposed
to the beautiful ambiance of Ruth Krischstakehouse and believe you meet a one here is just oh,
gorgeous. Well, they all are. They're all nice looking. But the atmosphere is great and it's not
pretentious or stuffy. You don't have to go dressed up in a zoot suit. You know, and it's just
so anyway, these are two of my high school friends. Dave and Jenny that I haven't seen in 43 years
and we've been communicating on the wicked web on the internet. And they happen to be in town to
see a play and they said, Hey, let's get together. I said, sure, I'll buy a dinner at a great restaurant
which come to five hours only a block away from the hotel. They were staying at the Sheraton Center.
And so we meet at seven o'clock last night. Like I said, three hours and 15 minutes later, we had
the talk we had dissected and chewed up everybody that we ever were in class would. And it was great. It
was a fun time. I enjoyed it. And we'll do it again. You know, I mean, I see not having ever
gone to the reunion. See the reunion people. I've been going to reunions a lot for years. But
having never gone to any of those and then also having seen the pictures that Dave emailed me as
some of my classmates who could have passed for 7580 easy. You know, I was a little bit trepidated.
In fact, I want to play the trepidation contest. But it turned out great. So don't have any fears
unless you're a vain asshole out there and you're worried about, well, what do they think about the way
I'm going to look? And they looked okay. They looked older to me, which is not a lot older, but a little bit
I would say, which may be feel a little bit better. I'm fairly well preserved for an old fart pickled.
I'm pretty well pickled as a matter of fact. I am going in for my breast reduction next week.
First, I want to see how it works out for the Humphrey today. See if his settle into place.
10-12, we got a couple of good polls for you today. And let me just alay some of the fears and
rumors and the hysteria and hopes. But I don't really know. Did you get any response yet from our moles?
No. Okay, well, while we're waiting for that, about the FRL rumors, we don't want to talk about it too much.
I'm hearing that that's bogus. Now the reason we'll tell you when we come back, why that morning show on 9-40 is off,
we finally got the MS on that. 10-13 is 5-60 WQM. Big news, big important news. How the Pontiac GMC is now,
Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest, but the San Great deals have no fear because they're still here.
Our friend Tom Lamanate there, no more. He sold the dealership to Lumberto Perez of Auto City,
view of Pontiac GMC of Homestead, but General Sales Manager Joe Prieto, a great guy,
still in charge. And that's what you ought to be concerned about. Stop by Auto City Pontiac GMC of
Pinecrest for great Neal Rogers deals on all makes and models in stock. Take advantage of 0% financing
for up to 72 months or save up to 9 grand with rebates and incentives. That's correct. You heard
positively correct. The Neal Deals still continue with the new Auto City Pontiac GMC of Pinecrest,
134-01 South Dixie Highway. That's US-1 across from the Fall Shopping Center,
open every day, seven days a week. Only the name has been changed to Protect Bob Eisenberg.
For more information called Neal Rogers Neal Deals Hotline, tool 3-1-3-8-534-4211.
That's 1-3-8-534-4211. Keep in mind all offers are subject credit. Approvals here are friends at
Auto City Pontiac. I almost did. Auto City Pontiac... What I wouldn't care if I said
how late, you know where it isn't what it is. See them for details. The new Auto City Pontiac GMC
of Pinecrest low prices without the high pressure.
4-0-0. Sport holds a tall, low-brake disc.
Grab the morning Joe that low. One day the well-dressed Rick Reed has no gentile.
My CTS needs a new hit life. You mind if I borrowed your veins tonight.
There's another line that goes here. But I'm not allowed to measure it with our fluid.
As a movement, Mo-How we're not keep faster. Now speak cranky bit.
Turn it in. You turn over the cover.
10-17 happy holidays from all your good friends at QM. Those of us who are working today about 3.
And that's about it. And the Josh. That's about 4. And the Beast. That's about 5.
Well, it's just one of those days. Just about 4 in the middle of the week.
Huh? What? Nothing. That's about 6.
Oh, that's right. The Beast. That's about 8. He ate it.
Here's our first poll today. If Scott were on and this is based on a lot of these rumors that
are being circulated. Let me tell you the real reason. What's that guy's name?
Carl? What's he that was on the mornings on 9.48? Maybe Josh. No. I'm the last one that'll know.
Carl Schmendrick? I don't know. He don't know. He was looking at all the other.
Carl Marks. Carl Marks. Anyway, I guess because you know he was buying his way on the
year with that deal. Kind of like Mr. Ego. No, I didn't know that. Well, he was. He was
brookering the time. And most of his sponsors, I guess, were those offshore gaming things,
which come to find out that nobody can put on here anymore, at least for the time being.
These those his name. Carl Foster. Carl Foster. Was he came to Bud Foster?
I've been Foster. Foster Hewitt. Foster Hewitt. And what about the Steven Foster?
What did Steven Foster write? What was the song? I don't know. Oh, some great American song. Come
on Steven Foster. You don't know what song he wrote? Say it if you know it.
It didn't it didn't it. I don't know. Some great Americans talking to the midi in the other room there.
Anyway, there's a committee doing what? Trying to think of the name of that song.
Oh, I don't know what it is. Oh, you've got me. That's just embarrassing. It's like it's
American example pie. It's like see the USA in your share. Oh, what's that one?
I'll share really an apple pie and hot dogs. They kind of go together and dine ashore.
She's still dead by the way. And she was still Jewish even though she didn't want nobody to know it.
That was that was kind of embarrassing that you but not you but your life.
This is your life with Ralph Edwards. I told you that a million times. Her name was Fanny Rose Shore.
Okay. And when they brought her relatives on there and talked about her real name,
and it became obvious that she was a Jew. You know what I was that real honeydripping Southern accent she had?
What do you know from Dynasture anyway? What's on my talking about? See, I coast to show out. You know what?
You know what caused me to do that? That reunion last night. I see. Because now that I'm old and I'm hanging out
with my old friends for my old days in school 100 years ago. Now I'm like talking about old crap.
Pretty soon we're going to be talking about old people who died. What we do that every day anyway?
You're in a time of a Gertrude enterley. Oh, Steven Foster. I'm going to have to look it up.
What is it? I said I'll look it up. Nobody knows that. Nobody around but like you mentioned before,
no one's in the building. Well, like the mad dog and the Hank would know that was Hank might know it.
Thanks a man of letters. Steven Collins Foster, a versatile town professional songwriter.
Well here, let me check this out. Oh, this is WPBT. There he is. God, Dan, he was ugly.
But anyway, let's see. What are you right? Swany River. Did he write that?
I don't know. Oh no. Is there a movie called Steven Foster? I don't know.
Oh, come on. Apparently you can get you can get Viagra Online from Steven Foster. Can you?
Wow. Get a rise out of that. American experience, Steven Foster. The Steven Foster, the musical.
Steven Foster, home pages. Oh, Jesus. Do I hate the internet or what? The music of Steven Foster.
That's the one. America's famous folk songwriter died in New York, New York, January 13th, 1864,
just before the end of the Civil War. Okay, here's the music of Steven Foster. Do you think this one
will be it? Are you looking at the same thing? I am looking at search results and yeah, nothing.
Let's see. The most popular songs are, oh, here we go. Oh, Susanna. Oh, Susanna. But that's not what I was
thinking about. The camp town races. Hey, it wasn't that it? Sure. Old folks at home. My old
Kentucky home. Oh, man. Now you see if you are a horse racing person and you went to the Kentucky
Derby, they played my old Kentucky home before they put on the post break. They made us play it on
the recorder. She was like, Brown here. He didn't say where the hair was. General Annie,
beautiful dreamer and the voices that are gone. Now, which one of those is the one I was thinking
about? It certainly wasn't the Ossuzanna or camp town races. Must have been camp town races.
Get out of town. Maybe it was the my old Kentucky home. That must have been it. Anyway, how do we get
into that? Oh, because Carl Foster was the guy doing the mornings on the 940 and lost all of
his sponsors basically so that he couldn't afford to keep the thing going. That's the rumor.
So a lot of other people have started the rumors since they've been running ESPN radio or some
crap in the morning and Louis of a morning show. And the rumor being that for now and still
gots are going to be doing mornings over there. Well, I mean, the idea of still gots doing a show
anywhere. So just tragic. Although we'll fit right in over there in the home of the revolving
radio shows all the who the hell are we to talk today. But nonetheless, so here's the pool today.
If Scott for well one on the year on mornings on another station, how would that affect your
listening? Now, this is kind of kind of alluded. I think you're going to have to look at your
computer at your monitor screen and you're going to have to like absorb the choices. Okay?
Well, no, you know what I'm saying? How would that affect your listening? I'd still listen to Moe. I
don't listen to Joe. I'd still listen to Moe Anjo Rose. I'd listen to Forrell Anjo. I'd listen to
Forrell not Moe or Joe and no change. I'd listen to QM before 10 anyway. See what I mean? Very complicated.
Which I like. It'll make him. It'll get your juices flowing a little bit. Okay? Everyone
actually getting their juices. Gorgeous. Gorgeous. Glowing a little bit, especially early in the morning.
That's like that. Rubs fell rap with the no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no. We know what we didn't know.
I don't listen to Joe. I'd still listen to Moe Anjo Rose. Moe Joe. I'd listen to Forrell Anjo. I'd
listen to Forrell not Moe or Joe. See, I can't even keep up with this and I wrote the poll.
No change. I don't listen to QM before 10 anyway. That's a fabulous poll. The second poll will
take later is about that big fat dark guy that the police often since an anti. Which we do have
more on that later. Another dead GI in Iraq. A US military spokesman reported that a soldier
died yesterday after an explosive device hit his convoy is that a mate continues about the
number of Iraqi casualties resulting from US forces response to weekend ambushes. That whole thing,
you know, in the Samara. They got about 45 different stories about that. The soldier's convoy,
the one who was killed yesterday from the 555th engineers group of the Fourth Infantry Division
initially called in the wrong location. Delaying the arrival of a medical team to evaluate and
evacuate the soldier. Coalition official said the soldier was dead on arrival at nearby medical
facility. The incident took place south of Samara 75 miles north of Baghdad. The same location
as the weekend ambushes. Tuesday's death was the 441st fatality of US members in Iraq,
the 303rd and 3rd in hostile actions. 441. Now what number do we need to get to? A thousand,
two thousand before you people finally wake up and say, this is madness. This is lunacy. These people
are dying. Oh, freaking weapons of mass destruction. Not only were they not involved without
a kind of before, but now they are. And we've stood up the hornets' nest and now Iraq,
which before was nothing to worry about as far as terrorism was concerned. Now it's a hotbed of
terrorism and lunatics of fanatical groups and they're like coming from everywhere on the planet.
And we got Sirus, baby, in addition to which our people are dying every day for no reason at all.
I just mentioned that in passing. This in case anybody cares. You think most people care? No.
Unless it's somebody they know, unless it's a family member, a loved one, a friend, whatever.
They don't care. And that's why it's going on because the public doesn't care. Oh, but the economy
is going so good and the market is up again today. And Ted Davids out there since it's a good buying
opportunity. Yeah. See, if that's how self-esteem American people will come that they don't have any
value on human life of their own people, much less those poor bastards, Iraqis who were supposed to
be emancipating. What do I tell you? We emancipate by decapitation. We emancipate by elimination.
We're freeing them from life. And like my mother says, there ain't nothing like elimination.
All in case says, I'm often amused when I listen to your Miami bashing rhetoric. I guess in
part because I've always worn rose colored glasses. After hearing from my 10-year-olds son,
what happened in public school recently, I see where you're coming from. Well, I'm going to read
the rest of this after we come back from the break. Then that like me lead you right to the edge of your
seat. Nice teaser. Yeah, little teas. When in doubt, tease it out. Just like mom, maybe I'm always
busy teasing his piece before we couldn't come to work this. Absolutely. Yeah, we got a very
screwed up schedule today. No mad dog, no Humper, Humper's in there for the gigantic breast reduction.
Yeah, I can't wait to get to report tomorrow. What do you, what do you, it looks like after it gets
all finished? Because I might just go for it, you know? Well, let me to buy you a card. You know
what they tell me it does? It puts an ocean in the basket. That's what I'm hearing. And there's
nothing like putting the lotion in your basket. That's what Pavell told me. Or on it. 27 past 10 at 560 WQAM.
It's the most wonderful time of the year. Who sings that? That's the one.
Jesus. Johnny Mathis. Was it the African queen? I know he's saying a lot of Christmas songs.
Johnny Mathis sang it's the most wonderful. He had the most famous recording on that. I think
Stephen Foster wrote it. Ding. Don't. Unless it's not so great if you hate to crowded
Mauselong register lines, parking, hassles, all the madness that goes on during this time of
the year every year. So make your gift giving a little bit easier this year for you and your
loved ones and gift certificate from Dalai McAfrys. Call them right now. I think that's what I'm
going to give the Georgia and Louis of cash this year. What? Call them a mattress from Dalai McAfrys.
I got a mattress. Yeah, but always going to have a spare. That's good for you. Mama comes over for
a few weeks. Hey, Latouya. Call him now at 1-800-Makras and give the gift that they'll be
thanking you for year in and year out. Dalai McAfry says gift certificates in any
deromination and new bed for the Master bedroom makes a perfect gift that you'll all enjoy the
whole penny for years. At Dalai McAfrys, no phone, he promises, no bait and switch, just discount
prices every day on the brand names you know and trust in love. Now including Stearns and Foster
Huat. Dalai McAfrys has got the guaranteed lowest prices on Stearns and Foster anywhere.
And when you call Dalai McAfrys, 1-800-Makras, you know how it works by now. I hope you still
pick the day and time for your delivery within any tour window seven days a week from 8 in the
morning till 10 a night when it's convenient for you and they show up on time. They take a part in
and remove the crappy old stained nasty smelly bedding and they set up your brand new window extra
charge. How can you beat this dude? You can't. Honest sales practices, fantastic service, every day
low prices, same day delivery, free set up and mobile, it's easy to see. Even a moron can see
why Dalai McAfrys is ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction. So for service
like your new dream above, call Dalai McAfrys like I always do 1-800-Makras, 1-800-MATTRES,
or online check them out at macriss.com. Happy Holidays from all your Paisons at Dalai McAfrys.
And proud of it. It's hard to be a Jew on Christmas. My friends call them each
on in any games. And I can't sing Christmas songs or decorate a Christmas tree or leave
water out for a root all cause there's something wrong with me. My people don't believe in Jesus Christ
is in a king. No. I'm a Jew, I'm only Jew on Christmas. Honoka is nice but why is it?
That's set up past over my house every year. And instead of eating and my house you
eat kosher like these. Instead of siren, I'd unsteady new hafto coffee. And what the
f*** is up with lighting on these f***ing candles? Tell me please. I'm a Jew, I'm only Jew.
I can't be married cause I'm ebrew on Christmas.
Hey little boy I couldn't help but hear you feeling left out of Christmas cheer.
I've come to say that you shouldn't be sad. This is the one month that you should be glad.
Cause it's nice to be a Jew on Christmas.
Alright. You don't have to deal with the season.
Hello. You have to be on your best behavior or gifts of charity. You don't have to go to
Grandma's house with your alcoholic family. And I don't have to go to make Santa's class and have a
treat. That's on you. That's right. You're a Jew. I'm styling you. It's a good time to be a Jew.
Oi! Honkristen.
Yeah.
Oh I thought that he did something at the end of that. That's why I was waiting. Huh? No.
That's why the Merry Christmas era is something like that at the end. I'll be there.
Must have the wrong bit. I see. Well nonetheless we got to hear the end of that nice and clean.
1034 or 560. Getting back to Alan Kay's oboe before we do. Before we get back to the facts which I'll
read in its entirety. Cause it's very distressing and disturbing and typical.
Uh this poll is shaping up as a real barn burner. You know what? 78 votes real quick like.
And it is the last where I'll pull we'll ever take until the next one.
If Scott fell on the air mornings on another station, how would that affect your listening?
78 votes. No change. Hadn't listened to QNB410A in any way. 38.
I don't know if I phrased that right today. What do you mean? I don't know.
I listened to Pharrell not Moor Jo 20. I listened to Pharrell and Jo 17.
I'd still listen to Moor Jo rose three and I'd still listen to Moor but I don't listen to Jo
has got. Oh! Rhymes with Moor Jo the big O. Wow out of 78 votes.
That is just a barn burner right there now. You know yesterday he won the retire poll by a wide
margin over lyric King. Now maybe that was the deal this morning. Maybe we've always finally decided
in a rare act of decency to give everybody a break and retire and just stick with his
dolphin games and get out of everybody's face. You know just just take the mind of the bank
would be good. Sure. What? You don't think? No. I mean if I'm looking at especially if I had
a gigantic eagle like he does and I'm looking at this poll today if they put Pharrell on against him
which is the rumor we're starting big time now actor. See if the poll result even though I don't
think it's going to happen. I'd still listen to Moor I don't listen to Jo 0. 0. It's just changing
again. Maybe he hopped on his computer. No he's still out of 91 votes. He's still got the big none.
Oh you want to know why? I was singing that song because I saw the biography show on Andy Williams
a few days ago. Remember I told you? Yes. The most wonderful time in the
year. I couldn't think of it but yeah. And the most wonderful time of your
career was sung by Andy Williams. It said I would listen to
this is a fabulous fact. Thank you so much for putting a smile on my post-todden Hollywood.
Chronic. PS I would listen to Conor Red before I listen to Moor.
Absolutely.
Listening to Conor Red is kind of like watching the test pattern. Same thing.
And of course you're not old enough to remember the test pattern. Sure hey,
Heather. What would you like to do? Remember the test pattern? Not first hand.
I'm back in eight days. It's television but there was only like two networks I think. I think like
CBS and Dumont I believe. I don't know. But at any rate some of us
networks didn't come on until I three, four in the afternoon until it was how
do you duty time when we kids got home from school you know we said how do you
do duty. And before that there was just that test pattern was on all day. Is that the one with the
engine on it? No. I saw the one with the engine. The Indian? Yeah. What one with the Indian?
There was a test pattern with an engine head on it. Get out of here you're thinking of those Buffalo
head Nichols. Trust me. Anyway, Alan cases them often used when I listen to your Miami
bashing rhetoric. It's not rhetoric, Alan, as you're discovering. I guess in part because
I've always worn rose colored glasses. After hearing from my 10 year old son what happened
him in his public school recently I see where you're coming from. Yes, Toronto A.
Recently my son's class at a public school in Coral Gables was asked to write a short essay
other feelings about Christmas and presented to the class. My son who is Jewish.
Never less completed the assignment and during his presentation said among other things he did
not think Santa Claus was real. How revolutionary. With that the outrage teacher banished him from
the classroom and directed that he write an essay on his behavior. Thankfully my son stood firm
refusing to believe that his statement about Santa with some high behavioral problem. In his essay
he wrote that he didn't think he should change his belief because that was the way he felt.
Since when in this day and age are children in public schools required to write a
and talk about Christmas and punish for stating their beliefs. Can you recommend a good place to
live in Toronto A. regards Alan K. Hey. Good luck Alan. See you at the border.
We'll get you in we'll get you past that Sarza thing. Sarza Gate. There's a similar story that I
would print up in fact to you but for some reason this computer hasn't been printing. Has him in
behaving right. Well I think it's the I don't know there's something wrong with the connection. I
think since you start looking for them Steven Foster songs and that the the camp town races came up
if I'm like a shut down. But there was a similar story that that made the news saying one.
Oh there's a vote for I'd still listen to Mo but I don't listen to Joe. One out of 122 go ahead.
Oh I'm waiting for it to come up because I can actually read it off of here it's short. About some
Jewish kid being uh having his boss. Broward County. Oh and Broward County. How many of the kids?
You got to be kidding me mister. Broward County school officials have arranged for a visit from
Santa after a teacher told students he was not for real. School officials said that a teacher
a see at a see peri elementary was discussing childhood favorites like the two fairy with her
students when she was asked about Santa Claus and she told them don't be discussing fairies with
those kids teach he doesn't exist. The teacher has since received counseling and being more sensitive
to students. Broward officials made an emergency phone call and it have arranged for Santa to visit
the cath the cath the classroom on one day at 9 30 a.m. to help relieve the students concerns.
This is a public school in Broward in Broward County right and they're bringing in a fake Santa
to bring us to students that is a Santa's for real and don't be so concerned and don't have
an overshmit and it's said to be so to set them up for a big letdown later and I'm glad you
reminded me of that because every year at this time I enthusiastically and emphatically announce
even other kids are in the school now but I announce very loudly and clearly hey kids if you're
listening if you're out sick today like more there's no Santa Claus it's a fairy tale it's not a lie
your parents told you it's like the god bull crap the two fairy Santa Claus God all of these things
just lies that your parents made up because their parents told them lies before them
and don't stop perpetuating I think there's a public service on issue we deserve the honest
deserves better than more lies so while you 30 and 40 and 50 year olds out there I hate to
break the news to you there ain't no sandy claws okay there's plenty of fairies running around but
no sandy claws
don't you go back to Canada you do bastard the holiday season everyone loves Christmas
carols but until now no one has ever written holiday songs about that other big holiday this time
of year that's right I said until now introducing Panicca Carols on CD
Panicca Carols on CD spins like a cradle as it gives you powers and hours of holiday music to get
you into the other spirit of the season on V-day's ray of carnivore my mother gave to me eight pounds
shocked with her seven slabs of corn pre-six potato lockers five years of years if you're tired of the old
traditional song the holiday's here's the whole new tradition you'll get tired of almost before you know it you better buy gifts
again to my sale you know how we paint you pay retail
time that car is coming to town Panicca Carols on CD it's the holiday collection you just can't pass over
and 45 at five sixty WQA and once Hanukkah start December 19th or something like that I believe
and I could look at a calendar look behind you there Josh if you got one of them Jew calendars
on a wall back then look on the 19th there look at the art print and what does it say we're waiting begins
at sundown like the 19th yes well it's even 19th is two weeks from tomorrow from a Friday right
5th 1219 twist from Friday at sundown on Shabbos no life oh Chanukkah now you're going to be
spinning your draodles I hope you know it eating canadels and spinning your draodles and
having sex with young maidels lighting them in the door panthers bid to refinance arena debt delayed
the brown County Commission yesterday referred until later date a request by the floor of Panthers
to refinance the debt on the office depot center in sunrise no reason was immediately given
why the matter was pushed back although I think the store we had yesterday should give you some
pretty good ideas they've got some great preputation about that too the Panthers say we financing
the arena's debt would provide the team in the county with an immediate one-time payment of
$12.6 million since they got a real cash flow problem over the evidently the team proposes
is keeping 60% or about 7.6 million, with a county receiving the remaining 40% however,
the county would contribute 1.9 million of that 5 million in chair for a re-name improvements
under the Panther Plan.
So in other words, the county gets pretty much squat like they're getting all along
anyway, and the Panthers would get the Lions chair.
Our shouldn't have said Lions chair.
Roy!
Broward County sold $184 million in bonds to fund construction of the Re-1996, and you know
what?
It was a bad idea.
It's a beautiful building.
You ever been there?
Yeah.
You have for what?
Monster trucks.
See, there you go.
George goes there for the Monster trucks, and there's some concerts in there.
It's a beautiful building, but it was a bill of goods that they sold the public playing
on the euphoria of that big Panther Santa Cup final season that won glorious season in
the history of the franchise.
By the way, how about them leaves some first place in the division and almost in first
in the conference?
I just mentioned that in passing.
Six wins in a row.
How do I have no idea?
Here's another chronic.
Can you please play the South Park Mary F. In Christmas song?
Well, we'll do that in a one to two hour.
How about that?
A.
What about putting Carlos Arruca?
No, his name is not Carlos.
It's Francisco Arruca.
See?
Or maybe this is a different one.
No, no, it's Francisco.
He's confused.
The Cuban Communist on the Maxi 790 Mornin's 8-9 on your list.
I found myself listening to the little socialist bastard from time to time.
Says this chronic factor.
Francisco Arruca.
See?
Have you ever heard him?
Yeah, he just rips the exiled community, the right wing exiled.
He's like him already.
He just rips them constantly.
That's all he has.
Francisco Arruca is the best radio show I am.
What time is he on?
I don't know.
And he sounds like Ricky Ricardo, but his English is perfect.
Oh, so typical of these South Florida, no speaking English community, man.
Don't confuse them with the facts.
I don't know what time he's on, but he's really great.
I've never heard his show, but he's really great.
And he had a Francisco Arruca.
If that bitch had heard his show, she wouldn't have been touting him.
Yeah, well, you know what?
You know what he was probably too busy listening to?
I give up.
I'll give you a little hint.
OK?
It's an 80.
It's an 80.
And when the lads say the lads, the lads are the lads.
All right.
I want to tell you what.
I want to tell you what.
I'm begging on TV.
I want to tell you what.
I want to tell you what.
Sweet.
Oh, and it's now official.
Senior Cruz was a guy.
It's just official.
I just got the word came in right across my table.
I'm so redeemed.
170 votes on this poll today and things
ain't looking too good for Mona.
What are he down in the dumps?
You think of something we said?
Well, now, speaking of something, somebody said,
where have you got that Joe Rose thing?
Because I don't have it for me yesterday.
Oh, on me.
You got it on you?
Well, while I'm looking for it, thank you
to whoever faxed in the test pattern,
what the engine on it?
Like I kept trying to tell you.
Well, my test pattern, long before you were born,
didn't have no engine on it.
It just was like a round circle with things sticking out
from it.
And it just, and that was it.
Maybe you just didn't notice the engine.
Howard from Boca.
Oh, wrong one.
One last thing we all like to.
Howard, don't let Barry Jackson and this stuff about your show
is not entertaining.
Get to you, man.
I hate seeing you making comments about it every day
on your show.
Let it go, man.
It's OK.
You don't have to go around calling Barry Jackson.
All right.
I know he's not listening because when he's off the air,
he goes up to Boca and he's steady dead and listen anymore.
So it's OK.
It's OK.
I'm listening.
Uh oh.
OK.
I think you're in hot water now, Joe.
Anyway, 173 votes.
If Sky for RL went on the air mornings on another station,
how would that affect your listening?
No change.
How do I listen to QM before 10 AM anyhow?
74.
That's 42.7% of this audience.
Holy crap.
I listen to Forail and Joe Rose.
45.
Now that's pretty good.
They listen to Forail like from 6 to 8.
And then Joe Rose 8 to 10.
We'll take that right?
Sure.
What about that?
I listen to Forail not Joe or Moe.
Either one of them 39.
We don't like that.
I still listen to Moe and Joe Rose 12.
In other words, they'd stick with us all away from 5 and AM
to 10.
And I still listen to Moe.
I don't listen to Joe three.
Ha ha ha ha.
Three.
That's 1.7%.
So you got one.
Rich 173 votes.
One.
Paul De Nguyenland Patriot guy, which I'm embarrassed about that.
And who's the other one?
Oh, it's Stuttering Steve, the Marlin guy.
And then of course Richie from Bore's head.
Although they listen all day long because they're chronic.
Mark the Jets fan.
And a bunch of other goiim.
And anyway, that's a deal.
It's not looking to do promising.
And maybe some people in the audience have got some more scuttle
about what's going to be on 9.40.
Not that anybody cared until this day because Carl Foster
was on her singing Dixie or whatever he was singing for my old
Kentucky home.
But once he lost his internet gambling, his offshore gambling
deals, he just ran out of business and he couldn't afford to
keep that thing going.
I guess that's what I'm hearing.
That's alleged.
I don't want to say that is fact because we hear a lot of crap.
But I have that from a pretty good inside source.
Here is something really shocking.
But before we do it, better take a call or two because they
might have the information we're looking for.
WQM rumor line.
You son of a bitch.
Nah, nah, nah, nah.
And I must have been the teacher from that guy's kid and
Carl Gables.
WQM.
They had you doing get a star report.
OK?
You're wrong, please.
Speaking.
Woody.
If he could, but he can't say what he killed.
What if he had the chance if he could?
Now, how do you like that?
And you're telling me what were you saying about him?
I thought he was wrong.
I thought he was a crap.
He's much see Reverend Jones on occasion is amusing, even
though you can't stand him.
He on occasion is somewhat amusing.
All right.
He is.
OK.
Even though he overdoses it by a mile, when he says, you're
I mean, that's kind of right in itself as a.
Woody has never made a call that was interesting, amusing,
desired, anything.
And all the years that I've been doing this, 100 years I've
been doing this crap.
He's just an asshole.
That's all.
So you never saw him.
I did.
Remember when we were doing, of course, taking up that
asshole's parking spot?
But what's funny is he's funny.
One day I'm driving out of there at 2 o'clock.
And here comes this car around a corner.
And he rolls down the window.
And I, oh, hi, me.
Woody.
Woody.
It's Woody.
And as much of an asshole as he is on a phone, that's
exactly what he is in person.
What you see is what you get.
Major, major asshole.
And right now he's squeezing himself because I'm talking
about him and you're responsible for that.
So nice going, George.
Panelist Indian baby born in Bethlehem draws crowds.
But before we get that story, this goes to show you all
you religion is out there, especially at this time of
the year.
It's a good time to be passing along this message.
What a pile of crap it all is.
And fairy tales and silly garbage.
And people all over the world are killing each other because
of it.
Did you see in India again in Kashmir and
Kashmir and Taukhas there in Kashmir?
They had another big incident just a couple of days ago.
The Hindus and the, who is it?
The Muslims?
It can only be.
Yeah.
The Hindus and the Muslim Muslims were like killing each
other because they just can't get their stories straight.
A baby born in Bethlehem is drawn crowds by the thousands,
even more than at Rosalope's house.
Palestinians in West Bank town revered by Christians as
Jesus' birthplace had been thronged a little
town of Bethlehem.
That's Johnny Matriss.
He sings that to in any way.
All the going.
Revered by Christian as Jesus' birthplace had been
thronged into the adjacent Aida.
Aida refugee camp for a glimpse of the 11-day
old infant, many are calling a miracle baby.
Oh my God.
Wow.
The boys gained attention from being born with a large
birthmark across his cheek that roughly forms an
Arabic letters, the name of his uncle, Allah, a
Hamas militant killed by his ready troops after he was led
to a plan to suicide bombing.
The family devout Muslims called it a divine message of
support for the Palestinians against Israel, though
some local Christians preparing for a subdued
Christmas observance have quietly
dismissed as laughing any religious significance.
Yeah, these are probably the same people that are
squeezing the shroud of Turin and are running a
shlup and over to see that burial box would
geogimmy Christ in it.
When I was in Jimmy Christ.
That's right.
Jimmy Christ, are you back again?
The Israel just doesn't have the same impact, you know?
Jesus Christ, are you calling again?
Jimmy Christ, it leaves you limp, you know?
And Brad Pitt still wants to know what's in it.
The Israeli army declined comment, but one
security source said it sounds very freaky.
The family denied any hoax.
Wow.
The security source said the baby's uncle was shocked
at eight months ago with suspected of masterminding
a bombing that killed 12 people on a Jerusalem bus
in November 2002, cradling the baby in her arms,
the infant's grandmother, Aisha Ayad, 58, said her son
secretly joined the Islamic group Hamas, shortly
after he was beaten by Israeli soldiers.
She said the birthmark was assigned the soldiers
can kill our sons, but not our spirit.
Remember spirit, I got a sign on you.
Yep.
On your face.
Oh, I got a line on well, whatever line across your
post.
He voiced hope Israelis and Palestinians would make peace
and allow her grandson to grow free from violence.
As she spoke, as she spoke, I guess that road map
is still a little rocky and Israeli army patrol
fire tear gas that stone throwing youths nearby.
Just kind of like in a background.
Now makes good footage on nightly news.
We're five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T
in Verizon wireless line.
So all about your fairy tales, all your kids out there.
OK, don't listen to all those lies.
A lot of people who lie.
The day we share it in an important accomplishment.
There's another one chronic liar, even worse than Greg
Reed.
WDQ I am.
Oh, hello.
Yes, sir.
I was looking at the old chronic.
Oh, man.
Oh, I just want to sit and hold my head.
I'm sitting in my hands and cry.
Sit and hold it.
I told you at least he's amusing at times.
In a bizarre way, I like him.
OK, you remember in the hitcher that thing with Rucker
Howard and C. Thomas L and it was like something going on
there.
Mm-hmm.
Reverend Jones, it's the same thing.
I'd like to wipe the smile off his face.
You're like with a baseball band.
I know this is for 2020.
QAM.
Riddians, dumb ass girls.
This ex-mus, you don't want to offend anybody
on your holiday gift list.
Give them the new politically correct
non-denominational holiday record.
We wish you a merry non-denominational celebration.
We wish you a merry non-denominational celebration.
We wish you a merry non-denominational celebration.
And a happy change of the calendar.
Who could possibly take issue with songs like these?
I'm dreaming of all the wise, my kid is in love.
Yes, we've taken the unomorrow out of Christmas.
We're terribly in a rush, oh, we're terribly in a rush.
Make everybody happy.
Get your copy of the non-denominational holiday record today.
I'm never happy killing the blind.
Oh, right.
Well, I don't know what I want.
It's 560 WQM.
Now we're getting some people going to the internet
and getting pictures of these test patterns.
Who can believe that we get so much respost about test patterns?
Not me.
Now here's the one from KTWU in Topeka.
And this one has your Indian on it, right?
He got a man of 11 in Topeka.
But my test pattern, I'm telling you,
is more like this other one, the WHM and Rochester.
Channel 6, you notice there's no Indian on it.
The only Indian on it was Chief Thunder Thought,
who used to be on Howdy Doody.
Do you remember Chief Thunder Thought?
No.
And Princess Summer Fall Winter Spring and Mr. Bluster?
No.
And Dayton Allen?
Why not?
Boka Brian does.
Because he's an old far like me.
Anyway, WHM TV, Channel 6 and Rochester,
a Stromberg Carlson company.
I bet you never had a Stromberg Carlson TV.
No.
Well, you're lucky.
I've told you this before, but it's worth,
oh, and here's another one.
WTVJ Miami.
Right.
And it's got like a railroad crossing thing on it.
Stop, look and listen.
That's cute.
WTVJ, first, mine is kind of dark.
Mine is flurid.
And there's no Indian on it.
No.
But there's a poem, three.
Channel 4, it is like a very bad looking palm tree.
And then there's the railroad crossing signal there.
Stop, look and listen.
WTVJ, of course, used to be Channel 4,
and then it became Channel 6.
And Channel 4 became WFOR for why we don't know,
for some reason.
Just bizarre.
So anyway, that's the deal there with the test pattern.
One of them had the engine and everyone's did not have.
Right.
And probably the guy in Rochester
who put together that test pattern, he was probably a...
So that's why I wasn't on the test pattern.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on EAT and T in Verizon Wireless Lime.
And when you see the results of this pull man, you're going to schmit.
You're going to drop gigantic loads all over that chair.
If Scott Furell went on the year mornings out in other station in town,
which there's a lot of people spreading rumors about that,
but we're finding out it's highly unlikely,
how would that affect your listening?
221 vote.
No change.
I don't listen to QM before 10am, any house?
98, 44.3%.
44.3% of the Nearoges audience says,
we don't listen to QM before 10am, morning anyway.
That is... that's scandalous, isn't it?
No.
Now do you remember when Furell was doing...
And I'm not not good joke, because Joe is the man, you know?
Joe Rose, who's thinking he made to a permanent, maybe not,
and him and Geltie, and give it to somebody.
But at any rate, that's a quedend indictment,
because remember we took the pull when Furell was on?
Mm-hmm.
And it was a much smaller number.
But nevertheless, I listened to Furell and Joe,
which will take half a loaf as better than on 57,
I listened to Furell, not Mo or Joe 51.
21.6%.
A precipitous decline I think would occur.
I still listen to Mo and Joe Rose 16.
16 would forego the pleasure of hearing,
wa-ha-ha-ha-ha-la-ha-ha-ha-ha-da....
Big, rag, big, rag, big D...
Our friend Furell, most former friend.
And I'd still listen to Mo, I don't listen to Joe four.
One...
1.6% out of 236%.
You think it was something we said.
You keep...
5.670560.
the pound five sixty on the eighteen to the sun is shining here man it is
toasty and throughout all
for you people want to get out of south Florida with all his nasty hateful
angry people
it's already a toasty minus five Celsius and going up to a high of minus one
today you know what that is
with a sunny and no snow no rain no craps is nice sunny and crisp
crisp and queer man just way i like it
you know line nine's gonna be good wqa m
yeah um... you were talking about Stephen foster before right Stephen foster
he would be old song called old folks at home that's the exact same song that
goes way down upon fawnie river
right the same song well how come that was enlisted on that the thing that i
read their own the internet
that got me it should be a bit of that
the parentheses that they're also known as
of way down upon fawnie river
right that was Stephen foster i knew it
yep thanks palie
and also uh... isn't it ironic that on thanksgiving
the world's biggest turkey goes and visits direct
exactly
god i'll see you
yet it were uh... i don't want to go back to that thing again okay just so it's
nauseating the fact that anybody buys into that i mean such an obviously
staged event just like him a race you have not even been politically partisan
she went there with dog and pony chauffeur a
photo op at afghanistan and i rack but he upstage your in Iraq which
i still say that tells us that uh... they're crap in their pants about her
uh... seriously right i know that we both have difficulty understand why but
she's the dark horse man
she's got a just like a print sources about uh... what's your name what is her
name camella
parker bowls
apart her goals
he worked out and she goals but that she does well mean game she probably has
about a two thirty average
but anyway a hillary she just uh... you know
they got upstays there by the bush might because she's got the brainers
so he had a like a way and now they're saying that the british airways thing
that was all made up there's no
uh... british airways investigated unless the guys just absolutely terrified
not their pilots confirms any of that about spotting your first right
that's pretty those rivers or about the conversation any of these things
that that our government would like to us we know that
and more than your parents would like to us about things like Santa Claus and god
and jesus and abberhan and moses and no hard day but it looks like that
ancient things like that
Charles Charles and dear field beets as to my knowledge the test pattern with
the indian on it was never used by a license tb station as their actual test
pattern but in fact was used as a logo
for second cities tv show which air out of chicago in the seventies which
gives us comedy graces john balushi john can you several others who are dead
uh... who are named uh... not named john still live there's a short business
thank you Charles and your future beat down
so one that you sent me from uh... also was that not for real
i've uh... i don't know israel
right
to be cofure or israel you'll see the test pattern briefly tell your tv
blows up
right there
anyway here's uh... some good news for a fraud you for years out there
from the new york daily news may don't make things up like the post
good news for paris hilton lawyers may soon take a break from watching the
hotel iris's infamous sex tape to check out at home movies during baywatch
babe
gina li nolan
excellent
say i told you i had some good news in the middle of all the sudden depressing
stuff we got nobody working today they're taking a busman's holiday they're
not fooling us mad dog is off humpers get the breast transplant
uh...
mulls out getting a penal implant this morning i can't tell you what was
implanted
anyway gina li nolan
was talking to her lawyers after the after she was informed by the uh...
new york daily news
we informed her rep's that the explicit tape was due to the view on the internet
in the next few weeks
keep your eye appeal for it
the rest of the book about that expression keep your eye peeled
yet doesn't sound good
that's how to appear
god
someone who says he's seen the tape tells us no one made it a few years ago
she was still still married to great fallman a video producer
they made it at a hotel says our source
greatest operating the camera that he don't look as good as uh... paris hilton
so i've been but those is the number of solomon
come on jesus christ i uh... uh... to which you are a result i thought was a
hotel she's not married
well her boyfriend whatever she was bangin okay
how to fix solomon is a good looking guy jewish no less than an insolven
probably can be
anyway they made it at a hotel says our source figuratively speaking of course
greatest operating the camera gene is in a brine panties all right apparently
she recently gotten breast implants i've got to the hopper went to the same
joint today she got it
she's complaining she doesn't want to take off her bobby cuz her breast are
hurting her
uh... uh... uh... has been breast reduction
not implants you don't need those
uh... great and joe rose all the way by the way city with long-hang kids anytime
needs him
he was talking this morning about how he's got a big puppet and gigantic breasts
great gets her to take it off but then she doesn't want to take off her g-stream
because she has an appendectomy scar then he says
smile for daddy and she agrees
court your source fallen joins his wife on camera and assortment of
that's your to be every bit the erotic test being not lesbian test being her
former pay watch cast made
panel anderson was on her honeymoon tape
speaking of our gigantic phony breasts
but before long no one appears to tire the routine and bites fall men in a
sensitive area
uh... and it wasn't that could be sure that a quote or source
fallen the father of no one's on the spencer says he shocked to hear their
love making me reach the web
i had absolutely nothing to do with this fall until the national choir
absolutely nothing
if i ever did the type i certainly would not be involved in marketing it
two years ago report claim that no one had been learned into making a kinky
video nineteen ninety three by david fielor
david fielor
her husband one month her rep or jury chandrew said he was where only
of some embarrassing photos which were never published so keep your ip op
for dealing and all in a little bit of self-confidence about the sense of this
guys a video producer we can be sure that the lighting will be a lot better
than it was on that paris hilton thing
more than anybody wants to be pericilton even uh... i mean doing anything
just he's he's he's nasty got a nasty pushman all the good is as you can't
really see much anyway
all really it looks like it was shot with an infrared night scopes she looks like
somebody
put a nose clip on her schnauz for about six years in the end of the year maybe
was stuck in a vice for about two three months
we got more on the uh... since an adi business which will take our second
poll on that
we got a lot of important cause of a intake today that was
i still can recover from that was so perfect you know
and you don't like him
you despise him yes
wq a
a meal
yes sir
two things number one the reason that the palestinian christians are having a
subdued christmas
is most of them a lot
that will
they've buggered out man their muzzle buddies are just kicking their butt left
in the right
yeah
there's a lot of people fighting over that holy land you know what i'm saying
the holy ground there
meal i had a great for a long time
secondly
one of the funny things i heard on the radio yesterday while i was between
before your show
i went over to say that i was just thinking well this will be this for a
couple seconds with doctor war came on
all right
yeah well no i'll wait a minute o doctor war came on i would be
yeah
there's some of them her she's going to i know she was talking about that
and i didn't want to hear any of her uh... not to garbage right
so i turn over to say that in castor novo is interviewing hector macho
comacho
oh boy
it was like interviewing ahead of the letter
uh... that's my that's monday next monday he's doing that
yeah well it was about the same thing with like head injury helpline that i
would
i i i i i i i i he couldn't speak
he started singing some song
so i call him up and i said what the hell's going on they wouldn't let me
say a word they wouldn't put me on the air
we can't read the champ we can't read the champ
and i'm like what the hell you put them on there for
uh...
we're jettel said we're gonna do it
and i'm like oh my god that's why we're a reason that i'm so happy i'm not
there is because i can't hear that here not that it would anyway if i were
there but i just even by accident i can't hear that
i also have an accident on i'm not you five on this guy started singing to
some song and paul said that he's done man this dude is done
and and it was true the guy was totally out there like he was totally wasted
and he said they're going there yeah i got a box
and i got you know and this is the morning
i think Stephen Foster wrote that one
have a great day paul and have a happy
see you
too
i don't like you too they're uh... too average
anyway uh...
uh... i think it's hard to think see
yeah macho come on to he's gonna be on with us uh... week from circus
look at that paul are you astonished or what are you just almost breathless
like jureley Lewis 174 votes in an hour
less than an hour
if sky for one of your mornings on other station how would that affect your
listening no change i don't listen to you and before uh... ten am
hundred twenty seven forty six point three percent
of this audience don't listen before ten am not about the sports nurse
almost half duff
clearance
gregg
wow
i listened to forland joe sixty three forland joe rose
i listen to forland not more joe at all fifty nine
i still listen to moa and joe rose twenty all the way through maybe
i still listen to moe not to joe though five
moe no joe
five
out of two so de four that translates to one point eight percent
movement of very slightly almost perceptibly notice that
just a little we tiny bit
well i'm sure he's got the got the mishpaka at the house they're probably all
voting uh... one by side by each
as we speak we've got something to be said like golf
listen to the radio
uh... uh...
and call in on some of the shows and and also call up what's his name very jackass
they're probably brown bag and it for lunch right now that's probably what's
going on today
i'm listening brown bag and it would burn the jackass
just like your rose edmo quick making those calls okay get your ass back into
work do the damn thing they're paying a big bucks get in there and perform
admirable with gill even though he hates your life poison to
he imagine this imagine to add wreck
drowning in a bath tub of sulfuric acid
and the killing go right down the drain
oh man
imagine zero closing cost and the next morgan zero application fee zero credit
bureau fee zero discounted points
it's the last mortgage you'll ever need
it's the revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group now
with an interest rate of just one point ninety five percent
that's only seven hundred thirty eight bucks a month if you have a two hundred
thousand alone for example
when once you refinance or get you a new home mortgage from financial group
you'll never ever pay closing cost again so
fight out about it by making that tool free call there's no obligation call one
eight hundred nine four o'clock and grab real financing powers low rate mortgage
you can move to next property without further cost or expense
it's the only one mortgage from financial group for details it's one eight hundred
nine four o'clock it's a whole new way to buy their zero underwriting fee zero
dot fee zero prepayment penalty zero closing cost even when you move to another
property get yourself financing it's just one point ninety five percent
call one eight hundred nine four o'lander never ever pay closing cost again
call financial group today one eight hundred nine four o'clock
LED the Renekuil Housing Lender restrictions apply rate subterge change monthly
five point one nine
APR
4th radio five sixty two eight
you a
for you
a
Michael Jackson is backing up traffic
looking for anything for the graphic
pictures and videos packing boxes
they even took the thing away from the
the
never land rents like monkeys and lamas
little boys wearing those trapdoor pajamas
Michael with secretly watch when they pee and haul them up to that damn
thinking tree
back home
can he bears wearing tricolor vibrators under
a pad he's packed in the dumb waiters
liquorish come drops and superman rings
those are a few obviously pretty things
Michael jackal he's a black
gold he's going to jail
will this wrong be right it will he be
excited but his parents will
are you sure
but eighteen five sixty happy uh... Wednesday to avoid just beautiful sitting here
looking that sunshine a bright sun no it's crisp and clear to not a cloud in
the sky
i bet she's almost up to minus four already you know
but now you see your laughing this doesn't bother me and i'm not like i will say
this when it's windy and ash the in its snow and sleep like that Saturday
in Montreal oh my god
but still minus five it's just hanging in their study and tomorrow it's
going to be sunny in thirty five
Toronto
so i do that just a piss off cast on over he's given weather reports for
Toronto who cares about that will i do
and people live here do
on nice people by the way
see to go back to alham can that very disturbing fact we got the first hour by
this kid at crowgibles uh... school whatever school was
uh...
and i'm not hallucinating i'm telling you just the way it is i have no i have no
vested interest in telling people that the place that they live sucks it just
it just happens to suck i hate it i despise it
i will be out revolted by it
and i'll even go so far as to say thank you Greg
thank you thank you thank you for making it possible for me to have like a life
and enjoy it you know and there's no stress here you know the difference between
living in a stressful environment and a place where uh... you know the phone is
ringing every two minutes and a baby cracked on a carpet in the dog just uh...
had wild diarrhea in your hair piece and you know there's no stress
friendly people polite courteous people
nice people beautiful people unlike my friend
and just just a nice place to be that's all great restaurants like with christmas
night
track of the root christ there but i don't want to be there go to work with
christmas to do it here
how do you like that
with my old buddies from my high school i heard you do it there
i got it
but uh... the best of thanks regg
i've got you never thought you hear me say that
see i'm like you i don't dislike regg read i don't dislike
well wait a minute oh come on i don't dislike regg he he he he he he he he he he
it's you those right i thought it was like break it you
i just i just and troubled by the fact that he keeps doing these bumbling he is
kind of like the uh... i don't know like our carney was on uh... russian piece on
a honeymoon is kind of like a bumbling clown
that's great
he just keeps tumbling and bumming his way into a success i don't know how he does
it when we can all that money
got this gigantic building on his radio station with a bitch like scurrain and
charge of sales and her buddy
roi
all the other ones
but somehow we managed to fumble our way through
so he's and he's done some very nice things for me to know he probably didn't
intend to
presently when he does something for you you got to do something for him like
extended
a little more just keep sticking about sticking out
couple more years stick it out
anyway thanks regg
now what were to come from
all right sitting here looking at the view it's just a beautiful uh... you know
life is more than weather boys and girls i'll tell you that two things right
now i know for sure there's no freaking Santa Claus and number two
life is more than just a goddamn weather
like some famous philosopher i think it was uh...
Henry Theroux once said
the great poet
he said if it's uh... good i know it
what did he say
no so a confucius said
he said there's no such thing as whether that's too cold or people who are under
dressed
was it something like that
did he say that
i thought it was out for a while
no is bob weaver
below our few excerpt from a terrific uk side by darren meldram t-need
test patterns from around the world
they're inside includes test patterns from the bbc
and you see if you were a right right here right now you could turn on your
original cable
and they were difficult is a transport for players
the future is already looking right for iraq ranked number fifty two in the
world they've already been sincere and maroqo on their way to live in the
prince up the look up in south arabia
he had it like that things are going well the soccer team in a rack there's the
bbc for your right there you want it you got it
not amazing
after we wanted to see that
uh... probably the most famous american black and white test pattern like i
told you was the so-called indian head monoscope pattern
and it shows it right there with the i-c-i never saw that i don't know maybe i
did but how do i know
i don't know that pattern was originated by rc a nineteen thirty nine it was
designed to be generated using a special tube called a monoscope
a c-r-t which had a metal plate target
on which the pattern was printed same that'll play the dot zimmer's got in
his head now
the black lines of the pattern would interrupt current flow as the pattern was
scanned to provide the desired video output
these tubes can handle only black and white no shades of gray
hence they had to be simulated either with a half-tone dot pattern or patterns of
fine lines
the nbc test pattern is dated nineteen forty seven but actually dates back to
forty one
when commercial tv broadcast began in america nineteen forty one
and we didn't get our first tb said because i was important nineteen forty one
uh... our first tb until a nineteen fifty two i believe
and i never did tell you about the stromba cross and with a horizontal
that would be a whole
was either a stromba cross and a rwesting house
and then it was a nice piece of furniture with beautiful wooden cabinet and
you would lift the the tv screen up out of the air cavity on the sand
you would lift uh... with like a little handle and you looked at the proper
up you can't and
uh... you can't
no you wouldn't have had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had
it seriously
and the the picture of the horizontal whole was just constantly going out every
few days and it was just rolling and rolling kind of like cc our role in rolling
in
and the tv repairman's got a lot of time at the house
now from a moment of smart
but she wasn't
uh... and nothing has changed five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on
the eight t and tc back in those days you had the tv repairman in the ice
man in the amilk man can you imagine that
talking about old
the ice man who bring the big blocks ice and that was what would keep your
stuff of frozen in the fridge and air in the ice and every now and then you
open it up and Betty for nested be stuck inside there was incredible
w-c-y-m
uh... new
yes sir
afternoon or good morning good evening to you
you're talking about the bbc earlier if uh... you are dork can take a look on the
bbc website and type in
german criminal trial i think you might find it interesting
okay is it uh...
almost all of us that are
it's it's either the bbc or the court google either one germinal germin
germinal criminal trial it's about uh...
the first uh... criminal trial they have about the uh...
german canable
a german canable yes sir
you do it right now as you speak this is a weird weird story take a look at it
see what you think okay thanks i saw i saw story about cannibalism on here but
i realize it had nothing to do with germany
uh... literature on german law criminal law
uh... frenzy bills for german kriot yeah was the same story i didn't see that
for german cannibal trial let's get this out okay wedded out printed out i'm
doing it right now
germans have been both repulsed and iris is to be attracted by the story of
arman muice mues
m e i w e s how do you pronounce that muice muice
the country's first recorded cannibal ever since the newsbrook about his
unique and bizarre alleged crime
how do you like that put that had a little bit shame
when you think it puts the lotion in the basket
so i'm printed out right now
hey we got a lot of important craft the past along between now and one we don't
have our regular is the saffron were little irregular mom sorry about that
we got kirtis steve and some we don't apologize for courtesy to the block
estimate is good on the air criticism good guy
he's on two to four foot mad dog resisted of the like being in today you know
it's what is
he just don't feel like it
right like mnemon he didn't feel like it he's he's getting tired of being
despised and we've got everybody else
even though everybody does hate him like poison unlike the man dog we all
love him like crazy but he can still take off
then we got uh... at four the book the booster
the old redhead the book should be in from four to seven not red barber but
the book shambi
but i'm sure heavy duty marlin talk and whatever else was a great guy he does
a horrible radio talk show is really good guy like a malign
okay printed out that story thank you very much sir see i saw that and i
think it was about germany you know
because the idea of germans eating people
yes just a little bit huh they would never do anything cruel ever been eaten by
a german no matter what he said and passed eleven at five sixty wq m hay
speaking of eaten
let me tell you about the lights of west boka it's a treat to eat to beat your
feet on the mississippi mud and it's also treat to shop at the lights because
it's the only store of its kind anywhere they've got over a thousand
low-carb products for all you low-carb diners out there and i don't care what
anybody says atkins works for a lot of people some of the other low-carb diets are
great if you stay with them but it's hard to stay with them because they're boring
and that's where the lights comes in because they've got this fantastic variety of
neat stuff to keep you satisfied and happy with almost no carbs
bagels and breads cheesecakes and muffins brownies chocolate days pasta
sauces chips and dips soups ketchup that world-famous carbolite ice cream crunchy
pretzels by carb scents individual size cheesecakes and four delicious flavors
control carb brownies seven flavors waiting for you just chocolate and vanilla egg
creams the flaxo meal granola cranberry mac rages no multiple either thank the lord
duties low-carb peanut brittle blitz stoked mince champion light drinks and five flavors
they're back and la nuba jams seven gourmet flavors for you to jam on it
delights a west book also lets you try anything the store before you buy it too so what's
not to like they're open every day seven days a week from ten to ten you'll find them on the
northeast corner of glazed in four forty one right next to Boston market and keep in mind all the
atkins products on sale today all day every day even on suckest at the lights a west book
of you can call them one eight seven seven low-carb L.O.W.C.A.R.B low-carb run a web look them up at
lowcarb.com delights a west book of beyond a shadow of a doubt is your official atkins retail center
my life and love this is four trade-off i city
was the night before Christmas the whole house was mellow not a creature was staring
because i had my gun under the pillow when i found the roof i heard something
found
and yo yo keep it down when what's my wanderer and i should appear but the dawn of all elves
and ate friggin reindeer with a sluck to the snouts and a yank on the mains he cursed at his shouted
he called the my name your Tony your Frankie your Joey your veto a poly a vending
the raco a guido with slicked back black hair and a red silk suit
thorn Christopher was here and he brought the loot as i drew out my gun and hid by the bed
he flew through the way back and slapped me upside the head
what the hell you're doing on the top no more you getting this call you friggin moron
then point in a finger right up my nose he twisted his pinky rings and up the chimney he rolls
that i heard him yell out why least expected
marry friggin christmas the world and your butter show some respect
let me thirty one twenty nine till note at five sixty w two and so here's this story
uh german i'll read the whole thing in germans have been both repulsed and irresistibly
attracted by the story of arman news this country's first recorded cannibal ever since the news
broke out about his unique and bizarre alleged crime and the seven in the media is increased
in the final days leading up to the trial which was supposed to start today and seen as how it's
4.30 in the afternoon it's probably going on right now perhaps the biggest scoop uh
fell to develop on the sundaeg the world on sunday i see a newspaper which incredibly
claimed to have gained an interview with mr muas himself i have intense and positive memories
of burned the victim he was quoted as saying by the paper i guess mr burned got burned
and i don't need to have anyone else inside me he said huh
i
welcome i see in a further spine chilling comment
he was said is saying i have his face permanently before me that's the sign of a friendly
relationship the paper also reported that he received many visitors and went for a walk an hour
a day as he waited his judgment meanwhile a german tv station ran an interview with his former
girlfriend of the the former girlfriend of the victim who said he had no inkling of his wish
to be eaten i thought most guys wanted to be eaten right we had a normal sex life she said well
burned would never have allowed himself to be killed it was murder she said
art their criteria one of germanese leading criminal psychologist already has an
explanation for the way for ventures in the case we thought there was a strong taboo against
cannibalism it was reality in tribes and former stages of human development he says but what we'd
seen is that this taboo is weaker than we thought the case is also grabbed attention because
of the legal difficulties in encompasses cannibalism is not on the german law books and the
apparent willingness of the victim to die is an added complication the defenses line will be
that the victim wanted to be treated like this that it was his own wish to be killed says berlin
lawyer philis hardenberg therefore they'll try to get the defendant a lighter sentence a maximum
of five years without the chance with the chance that he'll be let out after three years probation
so we can have a few more good meals of course the prosecution will argue that mr. mues deserves
a life sentence on the grounds that he's just too dangerous ever to be released kind of a
lector and Jeffrey don't see him no more and anything less would certainly cause a huge scandal
so the case is being closely watched the courtroom packed with journalists they're packinan
among the highlights will be the two-hour video that mr. mues took the whole thing of uh oh jeez
took her the whole thing on his cancorder the public probably won't be excluded from this part of
the proceedings we have a tradition of open trials as mr. hard on burger but the panel of judges
will only show the relevant parts you know like legs thighs nuts what the victim is saying in
doing before and during the killing mr. mues has said that after his trial he intends to pass the
time in jail if convicted or writing his memoirs judging by the interest in his grizzly case that
it's provoked here that could turn out to be a best seller all right how do you like that time for lunch
did they mention the recipes no but you feel like it five six seven oh five sixty pound five
six they're gonna be changing the pool at noon underwear and pools change the noon three
hundred and thirty votes if Scott for all one on a morning's on another radio station now would
it affect your listening a lot of rumors about him going on nine forty and i'll say it again crawl
foster went by by because all them offshore gambling joints uh no more advertising on radio and
since he was buying his own time the rumor is that he couldn't afford no more he's done out of
business and the other part of the rumor is that soon before you know it there'll be for all in
stu gots stu gots who's a real weiner three hundred and thirty votes no change i don't listen to
q m before ten ayam anyway hundred and forty nine forty five point one percent i think for uh
we got we saw it in the october trend you know it yeah it's us against the sports nerds
see what i'm saying right it that's not good i i've listened to for real and not more orjo
seventy six no mojo just for real seventy six i listened to for all in joe rose seventy three
i still listen to mo and joe rose twenty seven i still listen to mo i don't listen to joe uh five
five one point four percent of three hundred and thirty seven votes pretty weak mo right absolutely
oh sorry mac nanny i'm more information about the rumors from the inside usually they plant some
a phony a story you know he boulder and you're not getting no info on your email from your moles
no one's bleeding though is it yeah don't pick it i'll too late wqa m
immiscible huh wqa m
there you go there's one for you to hit the button at a gillbert of no less
it belongs in jail no doubt isn't that incredible just out of nowhere in the holiday spirit see what
i mean about that right there he called on the friday did he yep well you probably inspired him to
call and say the effort over and over again on the air gillbert Solomon on my me beach i thought it
was in the gables easy i don't know well he fit in perfect there if he's if he's in the gables it's a
perfect match i'll tell you that five six seven oh five sixty we're doing screenless note is not a
call on the board screenless we're doing screenless for the rest of the year oh then not that we have
an option because the computer still doesn't work yeah fix it came in and just as he walks in the
door it worked and then as soon as he left it uh stopped working but the good news oh you mean line one
no not like one the john's ability to actually use the computer to answer the phones and talk to
people that i see well line one don't work anymore either so i bet you fix this back there a
fix in it he's probably back there working on it or he's part of that meeting he's part of that
clandestine meeting that they're having today that's got to be what it is all these wild stories
about moe was sick this morning and mad dog uh uh it just disappeared and a hump is in for a
breast implants uh is anybody buying that crap no and did we hear from clearance the clearance
show he's ugly pushing their day no he's a rather than you did just as ugly as ever huh well whatever he's
did figures not to script wqa m kneel yes sir what's up bro how you doing pretty good man i'm just
walking into the pizza trough dude all right now we're talking about the one in the baby i hope
oh yes sir good i'm literally walking in the bag and i'm i heard you talking to the uh thing to me
is this whole thing with with bush going on to eat turkey with the truth the hand-dick truth and
did you notice that uh have you been hearing on the radio you have complete morons are calling
and saying you know i was just so sure about bush but you know that he did that that really made
made it for me i'm surprised how many people well we did a poll on yesterday in 22% of the
audience so they thought it was a courageous act of bolster troop morale and of course we don't
have no 22% of bush supporters in this audience so that goes to show you some of the unsuspecting
morons out there who we thought were really on to him and all a bull crap other it's 20% of people
that listen to you are allegedly claiming that hey that he's doing such an upright thing
what is it over there in the first place man right you'll teach people's kids are dying and you
know that's not tell people he's going oh idiots he's going to go assholes that looks at her and i
say to them you know what i'm gonna ask you question what if you're kid over there that was
getting shot at every day or getting endangered blown up do you really want you'll really want
them over there for what they're over there for you know what they all say no there you go
you know you've got as long as that somebody else's kids who were dying they don't give a crap
exactly was it was it they were saying every member of congress or the house there's one person
has a child in the military who's even over there and he's got a great absolutely great listen
give Jeff a big kiss on the forehead for it i love you bro see you but yeah that's right let me
say it again for the eight million time even though i'm just whistling in the dark you know just
the farting up into a wind storm there's absolutely no reason for anybody to be dying over
there and it's not part of the war on terror it has nothing to do with terrorism except for the
fact that it's not a fanning and spawning it but the other night it's got nothing to do with the
war on terror and he keeps saying that and because he keeps saying it a lot of war on's out there
feel that that makes it so just like oh it's autumn i had something to do with nine eleven
no he didn't oh yeah but i heard that i heard it i never shade it and then of course don't
forget that uh you know all those meetings in Prague and all those hanky-panky with al-Qaeda and
and the raki's never happened but yeah well why bang your head against the wall there's nothing
you can do you dealing with a lot of uneducated idiotic people who have no idea where a raki's on
they haven't got a freaking clue politically partisan right wingers so all they care about is
their damn fetuses and their bullcrap and gay bashing that's about all they know
well what what's not to like you know what i'm saying that's it
appealing to that base of the end of thaws in oklahoma and texas and arkansas and uh
arizona and utah and yoming and nabrasca and north dakota at south dakota and north korelana at south
korelana and georgia and alabama and mysticpy and florida
have you anybody out? love that covers it i think virginia
why what's the little this is for real by sicky?
with our virginia.
a
I used to think that I could not be home.
I'd say we're key quiet because I'm a star.
And now the years are fast for copying fields.
As long as grass is on the plate, you can feel it.
And if I can see it, then I can do it.
If I just believe it, then there are my jaw hairs.
I'm a big pedophile.
I believe I can touch my thigh.
You can see it on video tape.
Don't give a more than try to rage.
If a parent's come home.
You've seen me running through that open door.
I'm a big pedophile.
Yes.
That's a movie.
I'm a big pedophile.
I have a attorney's defending R&B star.
Our Kelly gets child pornography charges.
It's filed a host of motions, including one containing the alleged victim could have been old enough to legally consent to sex.
Also included in the 11 motions.
Kelly's attorney filed Monday and Cook County Circuit Court in Chicago.
It was the argument that the case should be dismissed because prosecutors fail to specify the date of the alleged crime in their indictment against Kelly 36.
Kelly's first name is Robert.
Was arrested in June 2002 after a videotape surface that allegedly showed the Grammy having sex with a girl, the Grammy Weenner.
By alleging that the illegal acts happened between November 97 and February 2002, Kelly's attorney's argue.
The girl could be anywhere from 13 to 17 years old.
If she was 17 at the time, she'd have been old enough to consent to sex.
All right.
Further they argue, such a large window of time makes it impossible for Kelly to mount a fair defense.
It's no secret that Mr. Kelly's well-known musician who frequently travels the motion says by failing to narrow the date that charged of the charged defense, Mr. Kelly is wholly deprived of the opportunity to bring an alibi defense.
I think that's supposed to say the charged offense, but what does ABC News know?
The attorney's also raised questions about the law that allows the four men to have sex with girl 17 older, but illegal the videotape, such acts with girl 17 and younger.
It is a logical irrational and disproportionate subject to a criminal conviction for taking pictures of conduct that does not otherwise violate the law.
They said, you know what that tells me?
What?
He did it.
Of course he did.
Defense attorney Edward Genson said he could argue the motion is early as Kelly's next schedule, Court of Parents, February 6th, prosecutors would come in any of the motions.
Ready for that?
I think it was the mother and child reunion.
That was the motion that they were talking about.
What is this thing you just facts?
The US military house gay conelinguists, in case you missed it, and I didn't fact you all ate pages like they did to us.
Kathleen Glover was cleaning the pool at the Sri Lankan Ambassador's residence recently, which you heard the sound of Arabic drifting through the trees.
Glover earned $11 an hour working for a pool maintenance company, skimming leaves and testing chlorine levels in the backyards of Washington.
No one knew about her past, but sometimes the past found her, and that's all you fact.
Don't tell policy needs to outstair Arabic speakers.
This is a today's story, but this has been going on all along.
There have been several of these.
So in other words, as soon as they find out that even though they have this desperate, desperate need of Arabic speaking interpreters, if it comes out to find out that they're fag,
well, bye bye.
Right.
When a dad were going to kick you ass out.
So it's obvious that the security of America is really what's important.
And by the way, Gilbert, we're going to put your ass in jail for the holidays.
Ooh, can I help you asshole?
You simple didn't you misfit you disgusting piece of crap?
Iraqi council head demands direct vote.
The head of the Iraqi government council renewed his demand today that a proposed traditional transitional legislature be elected by Iraqi voters, a move opposed by US occupation officials.
Abdel Aziz al-Hakim on before.
Oh, you know something?
No, I know nothing.
You know what I forgot before?
I gave up.
And I already smit candid.
Uh oh, because it was part of the story about the latest US soldier that got killed yesterday.
Later on, it told about the fact that Saddam's right hand man, we were here in all those breathless stories yesterday.
He was either dead or alive or killed or not killed or encusted or not.
Well, it was all a bunch of bull crap.
Nothing to it.
Absolutely untrue.
And they put that like a little teeny tiny letters on the whatever the wire service story was, which is why I missed it.
Anyway, Abdel Aziz al-Hakim, a Shiite Muslim clerical recently has been a vocal critic of American plans for restoring sovereignty of Iraqis, holds the rotating presidency of the US appointed council for the month of December, his assumption of the post could point to rockier relations with American administrators.
It also highlights the transformation of Iraq since the fall of Saddam.
Iraq's Shiite majority were pressed under Saddam's regime, particularly religious leaders.
Al-Hakim holds clerical status unlike Afmai Chalabi, the secular Shiite, who held the presidency earlier this year.
On November 15, agreement between the council and Paul Bremmer, the chief US administrator, calls for caucuses in Iraq's 18 provinces to select the transitional legislature.
But Al-Hakim, leader of the Supreme Council of the Islamic Revolution in Iraq, has insisted on a vote.
The assembly will be elected by the Iraqi people, he said.
This is what we're trying to achieve and that was God willing will happen, he said today.
So the conditions continue being rockier and rockier.
Like I said before, we shouldn't be there in the first place, you got no business being there, absolutely none.
The only people that have business are Bechtel, Halaburtin and Nosgoem and Chevron.
It was grave robbers.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
If Scott were on the year mornings on another station, how would that alter your listening?
46 for 45.2% say no change out of listen to QM before 10 AM.
165 out of 365.
I'd listen to Furell and Joe Rose 82.
I'd listen to Furell but not Moor Joe 80.
I'd still listen to Mo and Joe Rose 33 to vote him.
I'd still listen to Mo but I don't listen to Joe 5.
1.3% 5 out of 365.
He sure got that big exclusive QM there, don't he?
Yeah.
5.
So far.
But it's a loyal 5.
That is correct.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes.
Hi, good morning.
Do you know if Furell is coming back in any other station for a fact or maybe?
Are you listening to the show?
Yeah.
And what did I say?
But you don't know if he's coming back or not.
Right.
Okay.
I thought you knew.
Okay.
I don't know.
You don't know?
No.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Have you ever read that?
I was to hit your meters.
Wow.
Do you know?
Yeah.
5.670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
We're doing a little screenless here through the end of the year.
It's the holidays.
Let's face it.
We're just all faking our way through evidently.
I thought that was over as of this week but evidently not.
Surprise.
I thought that yesterday we kind of reached that turning point.
After Monday the day after Thanksgiving weekend people put their lives back together again.
I thought yesterday we kind of like turned a corner.
Did we turn it?
No.
No.
No.
W-Q-A-M.
We want people no more.
I don't know.
W-Q-A-M.
Q-A-M.
Turn it up a little bit louder.
I thought we had a time-tunneler when yesterday but it didn't work out.
Q-A-M, Ola, last chance.
Last chance for greatness.
Too late.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Congratulations.
Congratulations.
Congratulations.
Yeah, Mr. Rogers.
Hello.
What can I do for you, sir?
How are you today, sir?
Great.
Sensational.
I'm sorry, I had some speaker phone that I'll take you off now for a minute.
That gentleman before and you've had an absolutely correct, sir.
There's no reason why we're over there and the people just don't...
They don't care.
I didn't mix me mad.
Yeah.
I said this before and I'll say to you, misogers, there's two things I'm sure of in my life time.
One, that OJ killed those two people and two, that they stole that election.
Right.
And it's sad.
It's sad.
It's sad.
No doubt about it.
It's sad.
But I'll look for it to border pal, have a good trip.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on EAT and T and Verizon Wireless Live.
We got 42,905 through yesterday for abandonment, pet rescue with our best and the emerging dice.
We got a van hit tomorrow between noon and two.
We don't know where yet.
No.
Some random place.
And the good news is we're sending Scott Jr. out there in the van and he'll probably...
He probably knows what's going on with Ferrell.
He won't tell us, but he might tell you and then you can tell us.
That good idea?
Sure.
Don't pump him.
Don't pump him a little bit.
He probably enjoy it.
He'd have his head like way up in here anyway.
Kind of like stirring at the moon.
WQIM.
Yeah!
WQIM.
Son of a...
WQIM.
Hello.
Fox Sports should go ODE's.
ODE's will be good, Mike.
They'll be really good.
Happy holidays, Mike.
They'll never call us again till we let you know the coast is clear.
And they can hire him to be a DJ.
They can hire Mike Wants to be on air.
You can play some nifty jingles and it would be great.
What's the thing?
Yeah.
Let's bring back audio QAM jingles and...
It's big!
Yeah, like those.
That's an idea.
That's a thought, Mike.
Sure, they couldn't get any worse numbers than they got already.
Nice going, Pete Boulder, with that 50,000 watts in the middle of the dial.
That you people have turned into a toilet, a cesspool on a radio dial.
Shame on you, Pete.
You suck whole.
You idiot.
You cypilled him.
See how I didn't even mind hearing from Wyne Mike now.
Because it's the holidays.
You're just too much of a hard-ass.
Yeah, which point?
The lighten up a little bit.
In addition, which keep this in mind, as much as little as you're making, as much as I'm making,
it doesn't change regardless of who's on the other end of the phone.
Oh, I know that.
Never the last.
See, I was telling my friends that are three hour dinner last night at Ruth Chris.
I was telling them that, you know, really when you come right down to what I've adopted several months ago,
and I'm just ecstatic that I have.
I think being here much of the time is helping to do that.
But I've got just a completely totally different attitude than I used to have before.
And my only regret is that I didn't adopt this attitude a long ago, much, much longer ago than I did.
Because it just doesn't make any difference.
Whether we have a one share, a ten share, a thirty share, whether we have great calls, horse crap calls,
a bunch of chronic, I mean, crop share.
It makes no difference.
I know.
Do you follow what I'm saying?
No, I'm talking about what you're doing to do your best every single day.
And if the audience is typical, it's, it's, who cares?
Both of us already know.
Soon, it's Wednesday.
We got the big one to two comedies.
It's our, it's Wednesday.
Oh, we got to, forget all about that.
We got to lick, we're licking it.
Any chance I get?
W-Q-A-M?
Yeah, Mr. Rogers.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
I'm doing great. How are you doing?
I'm doing fantastic.
Thank you.
I just wanted to know if you have a chance yesterday to read a column on Paul Kruzman in the meantime.
It was on our website.
You know, I'm glad you mentioned that.
I'm glad you mentioned because I was going to read it on the ear yesterday,
but I'm going to do it now because you inspired me to do it.
Hacked the vote.
Exactly. Please do because, you know, I don't know what to expect anymore,
but I don't think we're going to win no more.
The fixes in, baby.
I think you're right.
I can see that coming.
Okay.
Thanks for having me.
We're going to do the next hour.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I got it right here.
And it is on our website.
I put it on today, which I should have had it on yesterday,
but I screwed up all the way around.
Well, I had a big pile of crap here yesterday.
You know what I'm saying?
I cleaned it up, though.
Good.
Paul Kruzman in the Times, Hacked the vote.
I'll get to that, like, almost immediately following the break.
In other words, when I get around to it, pretty soon.
Also, courtiers arguments over slot machines in South Florida.
Wow.
Well, I bet you didn't take fine, Brigadier.
My friends at Pompedo Park are just hanging on the edge of their seats.
It's the only hope we got, baby.
The only hope we got.
Get the slots.
Get quit with all that Bible thumping, right-wing lunatics that make Florida
the end of the thought place that it is.
I'm going to find the local office.
This is Vice City.
The radio's on your side.
You in!
Power to Davidity.
The only thing funny and then rape of it is that pipe smoke is 12-1 hour.
Welcome back to the smegmov, and not a victorious firing thanks to the mohawada David issue.
Hey Mo, what kids with a groucho have?
Groucho have.
Are you insane, the Aiden, that I'm an old Jew?
Why you?
My hair's not back from the tailor yet, yet suckling.
The tailor?
Yeah, I'm having it a hem, a hem, a hem, a hem.
Besides, it's it, it's now, it's today.
Why you haven't even noticed my big baggy low-crouch pants here?
Yes, it's a good one.
I can lose too.
See that?
I'll go to my bedroom.
I do have for the king.
Thanks for your one a sing.
Bring, bring, bring, bring, bring.
I'm going to have me a hypnotic and a henna-seeing.
Henna-seeing.
Henna-seeing.
It wasn't that Jackie Cooper.
Now my hips, the man.
I've got a dou-wa-tetti, dou-wa-ditty, tang-planet.
And a dou-gu-gu-gu-gu-my-panet.
And a wily bag, I got a go-gu-gu-panet.
And that puts my skills in the middle of my isch-gibble.
I got more than a cos-benza than a mitzigena.
Missile, missile, missile, grab it on my balls.
That ain't all of it.
But I want a doll.
And his bag sure sizzles.
It's 1205-60-WDQM-396 votes on a pool.
Here's our first pool.
This is it.
We're changing pools right now.
Okay, we're hopping on the other one.
Okay.
First one's kind of limp.
If Scott were all on the air mornings at another station,
how would you that affect your listening?
No change.
I don't listen to QM before 10 AM.
178.
45.1%.
I listen to Farrell and Joe.
90.
23%.
I listen to Farrell not more Joe.
86.
No mojo.
21.5%.
We'll say that.
I'd still listen to Mo and Joe Rose.
35.
As opposed to Farrell.
That's 9%.
And I'd still listen to Mo.
I don't listen to Joe.
5.
The same 5.
I don't really 400 votes.
1.2%.
Mo's exclusive QM.
1.2.3.
You got the one from Werbred Helles from Little Savannah.
You got Stuttering Steve de Marlon's guy.
You got Mark DeJets fan.
You got Paulie, Miss Fit, The Wingland Patriot guy.
And Richie from Borussia.
That's 5.
You know, with all those chronics who need to host?
And of course Dennis in the closet.
Oh yeah.
Paul Kruglin right.
Oh, here's the new pool.
Excuse me.
Coach is clear Eric.
We can change the pool.
Pool number 2.
What's your take on the Black Man, the Daniel Jones, who died in Cincinnati after a confrontation
with the police?
For five choices, they should have had taser guns.
And let me ask you this.
Why didn't they have taser guns?
I think there was one taser.
Taser.
A teaser taser?
No.
They should have had taser guns.
They overreacted.
They were defending themselves.
He deserved it or it's a racial thing.
I think that covers a disease, don't you?
A disease?
What's your take on a Black Man, the Daniel Jones, who died in Cincinnati after a confrontation
with police?
And we got a group of professional Black agitators there in Cincinnati, one of whom she
so liked, complicate, she makes Michael Jackson look dark.
They're like already starting to want to get the mayor fired and start a whole big
sentence.
What the was that?
Oh, so did.
They should have had taser guns.
They overreacted.
They were defending themselves.
He deserved it or it's a racial thing.
Now today, they're finally showing a lot more of the tape.
And we'll get to that in a minute.
Because there's more to it than meets the eye.
And also the thing about slot machines and stuff for it.
Come on, let's go.
You idiots, you clowns.
Let's move south forward to the out of the dark ages.
All these Bible thumpin' redneck, right wing assholes.
You got every kind of gamut that's ever been invented already.
What the hell could possibly be wrong?
Oh, the evil slot machines that extract the herald and the sunsend will have a nervous
crap about it.
God, they make me sick.
You know, the media, I don't care what anybody, you can argue with me all you want.
The media leads the public in America by the nose and they lead them right into the toilet.
We're going to have to lead them.
That's why they hold bush that farcey pull down Thanksgiving.
If it weren't for the way the media presented it, I was watching CNN the moment that they
got the announcement.
And what else that Jack asked his name that they got under all weekend long?
Oh, gee, what the heck can see them now?
I can't see them.
But anyway, ask blind Mike see if he can see them now.
But he was sitting there and just telling, oh, well, this totally takes us by surprise.
Here's the breaking news.
Low row comes on, you know, and the president has arrived in Iraq for a surprise visit.
Nobody knew about this.
Niyadi, Niyadi, and of course by the time they announced it, he already left.
Right.
He had already high-tailed it out of there.
And they presented it like this was the most glorious.
And I'll say it again, the media and the weak need Democrats who just continue having
no balls at all, no cahons.
Oh, and of course it was a very courageous thing for the very wonderful thing for the
morale of the troops.
Bull crap.
It was just another photo op.
Just like yours, Hillary, you bitch.
Just another phony photo op.
All these people are dying over there every day for no reason whatsoever.
And you people are worried about ball games.
That's what makes me nauseous about WQA.
It makes me embarrassed.
I'm humiliated about it.
I still take the money.
But I'm embarrassed to be a part of this thing.
This sports sickness.
It's like an illness.
It's one thing to be a sports fan, which I am.
I watched a bit of the after my eight hour dinner last night, a little bit of the
least ranger game.
Glad to see him when they're six.
And that's nice.
But I've got it like in a compartment of my life.
It's over like a little pie part of my interest.
You see what I'm saying?
Yes.
As opposed to being my whole existence revolves around, well when's Alexander Mugione coming
back?
And how about Gary Roberts injured again, a.
And all of this other crap.
God.
Well, there's that Alfonso Rodriguez Jr.
Be the convicted kidnapper and the rapist that they let out probably way too soon.
And he's the one responsible for that.
The shoulder young girl, moon face beater.
Yeah, one of your people, Rod Reed.
No, no, thank you.
One of your people, Rod Reed, he's up in your family tree along with a key from entry
at the beastly.
He's there.
They're all the same tree.
He's strumming on it right now.
No, it's not happy.
He's going to be in the mummers parade this weekend.
Anyway.
Paul Krugman writes, hack the vote in New York Times yesterday.
It's not that long.
In fighting bush supporters to a fundraiser, the host wrote, I am committed to helping
Ohio deliver its electoral votes to the president next year.
No surprise there.
But Walden O'Dell, who says that he wasn't talking about his business operations, happens
to be the chief executive of Diebold Inc., whose touchscreen voting machines are an increasingly
widespread use across the US.
For example, Georgia, where Republican Scrooze Spectacular upset victories in the 2002
midterm elections, realized explosively on Diebold machines.
To be clear, though there were many anomalies in that 2002 vote, there was no evidence that
the machines miscounted, but there's also no evidence the machines counted correctly.
You see, Diebold machines don't leave no paper trail.
Representative Rush Holt of New Jersey was introduced to be over requiring that digital
voting machines leave a paper trail, and that their software be available for public inspection
is occasionally told that the systems lacking these safeguards haven't caused problems.
How do you know he asks?
What we do know about Diebold is not inspire confidence.
The details are technical, but they add up to a picture of a company that was at the very
least extremely sloppy about security and may have been traveling and trying to cover
up product defects.
Early this year, Bev Harris, who's writing a book on voting machines, found Diebold software,
which the company refuses to make available for public inspection on the grounds that
is proprietary, on an unprotected server where anyone could download it.
The software was in a folder titled robjorget.zip.
RobDashGeorged.zip.
The server was used by employees of Diebold election systems to update software and its
machines.
This in itself was an incredible breach of security, offering someone who wanted to hack
into the machines both the information and the opportunity to do so.
An analisation of Diebold software by researchers at Johns Hopkins and Rice University's found
it both unreliable and subject to abuse.
A later report commissioned by the state of Maryland apparently reads similar conclusions.
It's hard to be sure because the state released only a heavily redacted version.
Meanwhile leaked internal Diebold email suggests that corporate officials knew their system
was flawed and circumvented the test it would have revealed these problems.
The company hasn't contested the authenticity of these documents instead it's engaged
in legal actions for a vendor dissemination.
Why isn't this front page news?
In October of British newspaper the independent ran a hair-raising investigative report on
US touchscreen voting.
But while the mainstream press has reported the basics, the Diebold affair has been treated
as a technology or business story not as a potential political scandal.
This difference because the treatment of other voting issues like the Florida Pellan purge
that inappropriate-appointed many citizens from voting in the 2000 presidential election.
The attitude seems to be that questions about the integrity of vote counts are divisive
at best paranoid at worst.
Even before advocates like Mr. Holt make a point of disassociating themselves from conspiracy
theories instead they focus on legislation to prevent further future abuses.
But there's nothing paranoid about suggesting that political operatives given the opportunity
might engage in dirty tricks.
Indeed given the intensity of partisanship these days, one suspects that small dirty tricks
are common.
For example, or enhanced the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee recently announced
that one of his aids had improperly accessed sensitive democratic computer files that were
leaked to the press.
This admission, contradicting an earlier declaration by Senator Hatsett, a staff of
and clear of culpability, came on the same day that the Senate police announced that
they were having a counter-espionage expert to investigate the theft.
Republican members of the Committee have demanded that the expert investigate only how
those specific documents were leaked, not whether any other breaches took place.
I wonder why.
The point is that you don't have to believe in a central conspiracy to worry that partisans
will take advantage of an insecure, unverifiable voting system to manipulate election results.
Why expose them to temptation?
I'll discuss what to do in a future column, but let this be clear, the credibility of
U.S. democracy may be at stake.
Right, Paul Kroen, in yesterday's New York Times, it's on our website today on theoranges.com.
You go Paul.
You go Paul is right.
And the public sits out there, and just like I've called me for it, there's no question,
just like we know OJ killed the two people.
Even more positive we are that the 2011 election was rigged in every possible way under the
sun.
Forget about the butterfly ballot.
Forget about the fact that the Supreme Court, that his buddies on the Supreme Court stopped
to vote count when Gore was munching into that margin.
He was munching it.
Forget about that.
You just take the people who were illegally and improperly deleted from the voter rolls
like he says.
There was so-called felons who weren't.
Most of whom were blacks.
Most of whom were voted for Al Gore.
And we're talking hundreds and hundreds, maybe thousands of voters who were disenfranchised
and prevented from voting.
Remember the stories we had about people that were turned around?
Oh, you're not going to be allowed to vote.
Right.
By the FHP?
Mm-hmm.
I mean, you talk about the fix was ends to anybody who wonders why Jeb Bush had three
o'clock in the morning while the networks were crappin' in their pants changing the announcements
of who won and who lost.
Three o'clock in the morning calls up brother W and says, don't worry, you won.
Duh.
But yeah.
Boy.
And the public sits back and.
It's just it's frustrating.
It's frustrating.
It's pathetic.
It's embarrassing.
It's humiliating and degrading.
It's like going into your backyard and finin' four pounds of Todd Rex body left over after
he was mauled by 16 pit bulls.
Imagine that.
Imagine this on your next mortgage.
Imagine zero closing costs, zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee, zero discounted
points.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
It's the revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group now with an interest rate
at just 1.95%.
That's only if you have a $200,000 loan per example, $738 a month your payments.
And once you refinance or obtain a new home mortgage from financial group, you'll never
pay closing costs again.
So what are you waiting for?
Call 1-800-940-Lind.
Grab yourself some real financing, power with low rate mortgage that you can move
your next property without further cost or expense.
It's the only one mortgage from our friends at financial group.
For details call 1-800-940-Lind.
It's a whole new way to buy.
You pay zero underwriting fee, zero dock fee, zero prepayment penalty, and even zero closing
costs even when you moved another property.
So get yourself financing.
You get just 1.95% and never ever pay closing costs again.
Call financial group today.
Like I said, it's a toll free call.
What do you got to lose?
1-800-940-Lind.
The Renekville Housing Lender restrictions apply rate subject change monthly 5.19 APR.
Always love them pit bulls.
We are support radio 560-UAM.
We're not zebra-bubblekin' mother f**kers.
Think the moneys, moneys who we care in their own mothers.
I'll bet you're gonna save that when a gun's at your back if they take your board that
train.
Right, we're not zebra-bubblekin' mother f**kers.
Well, it just ain't enough.
Just have luck.
Feelin' the airways with hatred.
The radio was permeated with the likes of Dr. Laura Bill, Henry, and Michael Reagan.
They call the clear channel cost are clearly out to make the message clear.
Are you sure?
They're right winged not zebra-bubblekin' mother f**kers.
They're all right winged not zebra-bubblekin' mother f**kers.
For all the table-talking idiot to root and get any dumber.
That or not, we do whatever they are told to believe and worship Georgia's their king.
Right winged not zebra-bubblekin' mother f**kers.
Well, the Democrats who crap their pants like a child that is scary-moving.
Have Terry McCullough who should go home and shut up, but he don't have a clue what he's
doing.
The Democrats have a death wish when it comes to deciding who they will run, and you
can color them done.
If they run jolly, they're mine.
Boy, right winged not zebra-bubblekin' mother f**kers.
They're all right winged not zebra-bubblekin' mother f**kers.
Who get indignant if it isn't them that's getting a juicy hammer.
Just remember what I said when it comes to your back as they make you or that train.
Right winged not zebra-bubblekin' mother f**kers.
They're all right winged not zebra-bubblekin' mother f**kers.
From 16 to 5, 60 of you who are my second pollers on what you'd take on a black man in
Daniel Jones who had died in a Cincinnati after that little concert-tops after the confrontation
with the police.
69 votes.
They were defending themselves 18.
He deserved it 18.
They should have had taser guns 14.
That's what I voted.
They overracked it 14.
It's a racial thing 5.
Do you think it's a racial thing?
No.
No.
You either do why.
That's any racial thing.
Should have had taser guns.
I mean he was out of control and we got more on the story in a bit here, but you know,
he didn't do anything.
He deserved to die for.
See?
Well, he put himself at risk.
Let me see it again.
He didn't do anything that I can see that he deserved to die for.
If they would have had taser guns, they could have subdued him without all the crap going
on and we would have all this, uh, semis.
Mm-hmm.
Speaking of semis, Mark faxes us this.
This is from a website.
It says, a must see, uh, objective dot jesus saver save dot us slash kids dot html.
It says scroll down to the spiritual safety tip and click on old mister grouse head and
see what he says almost died laughing says market.
Here it is spiritual safety tip.
Now what is that?
Is that like a picture of an envelope?
What is that thing?
I don't know.
It's a box.
It's a box.
Well, what's in the box?
It says what you do if you find an atheist.
If you find an atheist in the neighborhood, teleparent or a pastor right away, you may
move to try and witness these poor law souls yourself.
However, avoid talking to them.
Atheists are often very grumpy and bitter.
Well, lash out at children.
They may even try to trick you in in neglecting God's word.
Very advanced witnessing techniques are needed for these grouches.
Lift the adults, handle them.
So on your kids out there, if you see an atheist call a parent or a pastor right away.
Oh my god, daddy.
It's an atheist.
Oh jeez, that's run for the hell.
Man, thanks, Mark.
Most amusing and most typical.
Now, we got the new tape, which I'm sure many of you have seen several times today,
about 30 men of a Nathaniel, whatever's name was, Jones.
New video released yesterday showed a man who died shortly after violent confrontation
with the police, dancing and marching around a restaurant in the parking lot before officers
arrived on the scene.
The video shot from inside and outside the white castle restaurant.
See, when that guy called up, was he yesterday or Monday?
The first call.
He did have a good line.
The only problem is he's so chronic and is always starting a racial crap that as soon as
I heard his voice, I never even got to that part.
So you understood what he was saying, the branch line, I didn't get to that.
He was saying, what was this black guy acting up outside of white castle?
Something like that, right?
Sure to get beaten.
The video shot from inside and outside the white castle restaurant showed Nathaniel Jones
greeting her friend inside the restaurant early Sunday morning and then dancing briefly.
One of the guys got rhythm.
He then went into the parking lot.
When you listen, he then went to the parking lot where continued to dance in March like a soldier.
Maybe he was just practicing the old goose step.
Now, he knows the votes are fixed.
Later, he fell down and rolled down a hill.
Kind of like Jack and Jill, who gave him a thrill.
But he took too many pills.
Restaurant employees called the fire department at 545 and to report his bizarre behavior.
The tape also shows another view of the altercation with the police.
And Jones is seen lunging at one officer as he is on the squad card dashboard videotape.
He lunged at him.
Jones who weighed 350 pounds died at a hospital shortly after the police beating with metal
night sticks to subdue him.
The Hamilton County Corners office said Monday in autopsy show Jones 41 had an enlarged heart
and cocaine and PCP or angel dust in his system.
An official caused a death expected to be issued today.
The Corners office yesterday said Jones had bruises on his legs, but no sign of injuries
to his internal organs.
Police later found about a third of a gram of powdered cocaine and two cigarettes dipped
in Angel dust in Jones car.
The Corners office said preliminary test showed a presence of both in his system like I said.
At about a third of a gram of powdered cocaine and two cigarettes dipped in Angel dust.
I didn't think he could get that anymore.
Maybe he was listening to rush.
I was early in the morning maybe he was getting ready to listen to rush or getting one.
So now he's dead and of course they're the same usual agitators.
Now sometimes they're right.
Sometimes it's a racial thing.
And how many people say so far in our poll?
It's a racial thing.
Seven.
Out of 92 votes which means we got seven dark folks who voted that way.
I don't think any white people would say it's a racial thing to you.
Nope.
No.
No, not even the ACLU types are saying that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless line.
Let's get these phones spoken.
Maybe we only got the 39 minutes here to solve the problems of the world.
Let's get with it.
WDQIM.
Yeah, I go to New.
Yes sir, speaking.
Oh well, sorry.
Don't be sorry.
Two quick things.
Number one, for all not be on the air over at Fox.
Apparently it's going to be a final cast from Orlando with Dan Silio.
So another sports hole from out of town.
So however it's for all is this is official now?
It's pretty close to being so yeah, you can go to the bank or at least it's the same time.
Now who's this ass on?
I mean, who's this guy that's putting on from Orlando?
People like a sports version of Chinat.
See the reason that they're doing that is because it's not going to cost them any money.
They just open up a pot.
It's another cheap channel way to like a...
This is where the airwaves are.
So much too expensive.
You bet.
And I guess you know for the 100,000 wherever he is demanding they're just saying that thank you.
There may be some local host co-hosting but they're not sure whether that's going to happen or not.
Still gots.
No, no, it would be someone who gets to speak English and put two cents on their.
The co.
The other thing is that on that video we can't see the first what two minutes, right?
Right.
So we really don't know if the guy did anything to provoke.
I mean, anytime you whack a cop, especially if you're high on PCP, you've got to believe that you can end up in a bad way.
The problem is...
And especially when you're stoned on your ass, like you said, and especially when you weigh 350 pounds,
and especially when you've got a bad heart and you're like probably on the verge anyway from pulling yourself with drugs.
There's one thing that the cops down here and other places have run into is that there does come a point in time when
they deal that they have at least if not the guy in the control of the situation, they're controlled.
They're not in danger.
So they're whacking them with the batons.
Right.
May have not been the best idea at that point.
Of course, the best thing would have been to have tasers.
That's what they're there for.
That's what I said.
That's what I voted.
But with those stun guns around, they felt they were in danger and I guess the guy would do
fat to get his arms behind his back.
And that's the other thing that we're trying to do.
So it's going to be a close call.
But the problem is since any cops have killed like seven or ten people in the last.
Yeah, they seem to have like a little epidemic going on there.
Yeah, a little bit of a problem.
All right.
Good luck.
Nice for the info.
Kyle, have a great day.
I'm here for you.
That was good.
But that was a good call.
That was great.
I feel it.
He sounded like an insider to me.
Who was that best bet?
I don't know.
We don't want to.
We don't want to.
We don't want to.
We don't want to.
We don't want to.
We're not going to tell.
He's the mole.
But anyway, there is the story.
For now, I wanted over there at Fox in the worst way.
Get right back on the ear and Chief Channel said, no, we ain't going to pay out no money.
See, this again, I want.
And that's not going to make any difference because it's just like the bush thing.
No matter what you say, but at least you got to say it.
At least you feel like you got a clear conscience.
You've said it and you hope you penetrate some of these brains.
This is why this whole grotesque thing
that the Republicans and Bush and the right wingers have gotten together and done with the
FCC regulations on ownership of radio stations and TV stations and newspapers.
This is why it's so grotesque because this is what's going on.
You've got via comment and Chief Channel, who of course are both now stuck
on up to the right wing.
Well, Chief Channel has been part of it for a long time.
But then again, you saw the Reagan miniseries being shipped off the showtime where nobody watches.
Anyway, because of the pressure and then they lied about it,
both the right wing.
Because they wanted to get that deal that compromised through there.
So they could keep their 39 stations, the 39 TV stations.
And guess what?
That was the compromised number.
Not 35, like it was supposed to have been due like it was before.
Not 36, 39.
And we believe that that number just came out of thin air.
No, because we had the story the other day.
That's magic number.
Yeah, I remember they pulled out of their ass just to satisfy their people
and buy a comm CBS slash your all the other assholes.
And Chief Channel, they're not going to put anybody under the they have to pay money for.
Because that's not their philosophy.
Their philosophy is to buy up as many radio stations as they can in as many markets
and it's a numbers game.
Oh, we're going to deliver your clients 70% of the local audience.
Because we own 70% of the goddamn radio stations.
Or whatever the hell percent it really is.
In spite of the fact that they got like each station got a 1.2 share and a 0.5
and whatever else they got, you know.
I mean, what do they really got when you come right down to it?
And I'm not talking about the fact they've stuck Howard Stern on some of their stations.
They're the fact that they've got Rush.
But I'm talking about what do they got that they have invented that they originated that they
created that's really got a number.
The Schmidtmeister, I'll give them that.
All the wisdom numbers are declining rapidly.
What have they got?
What have they put on there?
It's just a bunch of pipe and syndicated crap that have turned your radio into a cesspool.
You can't complain about the choices on radio in no more.
Because there aren't any.
And that's what these grave robbers and your federal government have done now.
And it's getting worse every minute.
So all you people to think that, oh, this is just wonderful.
This is great.
Halle, Louie, man, it's trickling right down your leg.
That's right.
That old trickled out.
This is Reagan Part II all over again.
Only he forgot about Part I.
Part II, it's the same crap all over again.
And the same, of course.
Suspects.
Wait, what's the same baloney?
Why are they spinning all of this time on the Lacey Scott Peterson case?
Why are they doing this to us?
It's important.
What have we done?
What is not important?
Or else it is not important.
Yes, it is.
Okay.
Okay.
In fact, I think what's more important is the Senator's Panthers game.
And good, you know, even though I still have to have like a compartment of our mind for the sports stuff.
But that's more important to me tonight.
And we got it after the booster.
Seven o'clock Panther preview Ottawa Senators at the Panthers 739.
Ottawa, they're stumbling and bubbling at the beginning of their exciting team to watch.
So especially Marty Hamlet.
And anyway,
any case on after the hockey game in June, Mark overnight, two to five in the morning.
We certainly hope that Moe is back in one piece tomorrow and back on the year.
Absolutely.
Because we got that humongous dolphin at the Wimbledon game coming up this weekend.
Absolutely.
We want to get the audience all primed and ready to rock and roll for that with a Moe
Myster.
What are your voice over that often such as he is with all those mistakes he's been making lately?
Maybe that's why he took the day off.
Don't try to unscramble his brain.
No.
He said there were a lot of stress.
Well, you think maybe we're something we said?
Slippin' Joe said.
Probably Joe.
Joe Mama.
What did Joe say?
No, don't play that again.
That would be bad.
All of one last thing to Howard too.
Howard, don't let Barry Jackson and this stuff about your show's not entertaining.
Get to you man.
I hate seeing you making comments about it every day on your show.
Let it go man.
It's okay.
You don't have to go around calling Barry Jackson.
All right.
I know he's not listening because when he's off the air he goes up the boat.
He's steady done listening anymore.
So it's okay.
I know this is me.
Moe and Stereo.
1228-560 WQM.
I'll tell you great place all you guys are there.
Want to look snappy?
Shelley Bloom's fashion clothingers.
They've been serving the guys in South Florida for 40 years from the same great location.
2615 Northwest Fifth Avenue Miami Fashion District.
At Shelley Bloom's you'll find fine beautiful men's clothing from suits and sports coats.
Slacks, dress, sports shirts, ties, one of the biggest selected designers shoes anywhere in town.
Shelley's got Italian slacks, super 120's and 15 colors, maybe even lime green and lemon yellow.
For only 60 bucks.
Georgia, our Monty suits itself from 1395 bucks to 1595.
You pay only 795 bucks at Shelley Bloom's fashion clothing.
So I get ripped off some play sells.
Shelley even offers a fantastic selection of Italian suits starting at just
225 bucks a piece.
Service, selects you own and priced those of the three ingredients to the kept Shelley in business
over the past 40 years and he guarantees all of his customers that's never ever going to change.
The selection's fantastic, unbeatable, alterations always free and with thousands of suits in stock
up to size 70, you're sure to find what you need.
So stop overspending at the malls getting ripped off, make the trip to Shelley Bloom's
in the heart of the Miami Fashion District.
You open Monday through Saturday 930 to morning till 6 p.m.
If you have questions you want to compare price, talk turkey, give Shelley a call to 305-5735890.
That's 305-5735890.
Shelley Bloom's fashion clothing no matter where you be, it's well worth the trip.
Wonderful WQAM!
Justin time for the holidays, the most unusual Christmas album ever.
All-grow Winfrey burps the Christmas classics.
All-grow Winfrey burps the Christmas classics, available in the freezer section at RELPS.
Oh, speaking of people who fart bad, can you imagine over farting in an elevator?
Oh my god. I don't know why the hell I came to mind, but since something about passing the
chance, wow, the thought of that is just grotesque. 122 votes, what's your take on a black man,
the Daniel Jones who died in Cincinnati after that confrontation with police, which we've
seen at video a thousand times already just today. 122 votes, they were defending themselves 33.
They should have had taser guns 27, which is clearly the correct answer, even that caller before said.
They overreacted 27. He deserved it 26 and it's a racial thing.
Nine, nine people said it's a racial thing.
How about Robert Greeper voted for that just to be an asshole, you know?
Hey Robert, you're an asshole man, though he's our best friend.
I didn't say we didn't like him, we like a lot of assholes.
Why is that? Oh, he got us that tape?
That's okay, he doesn't care. He's not. He doesn't give a crap. He's got a lifetime job there,
as long as he and clearance are still doing it man. He's got a job for life. He don't give a
crap. It is the fact that he hates Mo as much as everyone else does.
Right, oh, we all know that. I'm sure in the back of his mind, whatever's left of it,
Mo knows it. Absolutely. Sure he knows.
See Mo, I want to, I know you're listening right now, okay?
I'm listening. I want to say this to you, not as a friend because I need to test you like poison,
but just as one human being do another and I'm using the term very loosely in your case.
When you work at all of these different places in every single place that you go, virtually
everyone that you work with and around and near despises you like poison, hates you and wishes
you an evil, evil faith. There must be something about you that causes it. It isn't accidental.
It's not that the whole world is out of step and you're in line. So that's not the way it works.
There must be something about you and you're evil, evil backstabbing behind the scenes,
scenes, machinations and threats and bullcraft. All of these things that cause people to hate you
like poison. Absolutely. I'm just saying that. Now in his case, once you reach 90, it's probably
too old to change. But what's it? Huh? What's your reach? 89. It's not going to be generous.
Newty's a tool to change. But I mean, good, Gali mismolly, when I can't even imagine working
in an environment when every single person around me detested me. Say, I can't imagine it.
I know there's people in the station that don't like me hate me like poison. That's fine.
That's fine. It doesn't bother me because I'm not there most of the time anyway. But even if I am,
I'm not there to win a popularity contest. But if everybody despised me, it would be so uncomfortable.
I feel so squeamish just being there. I couldn't show up every day. Right. I'd probably have
haven't built me a studio out of town or something or out of the country, out of the country even.
Overseas, maybe like an Amsterdam, maybe in Cologne, Germany. Let me say it again,
the meal at Ruth Chris was outstanding. Thank you, Neil. You're welcome.
See, the Ruth Chris here, unlike, and I'm not knocking on ones there, but this one, the menu,
has got more things on it. I don't know why that is. Ruth Chris here. It's far more diverse
and perverse the menu here. And I don't know if they do have the banana cream. Why they probably
have that? Because I never get to serve to Ruth Chris because you got to be a real pig to
get dessert. Because of the fact that my friends ate the patit fillet and they didn't want to
overdo it. And thank God they didn't because it was still cost an arm and leg. But,
and so we had dessert. Ginny had the, what's how they call that, sinfully chocolate,
something like that. Oh God. Just looking at it made my blood sugar grow up to 420.
Then that banana cream, I'm telling you, you should get that. Next time somebody takes you to
that lunch. Get that banana cream pie. It is, oh, cheese. It's beyond the, it's not, it's not, it's
that's just your plain pedestrian banana cream pie like cold. It's like heated and glazed. You
know, the bananas are like glazed and like the little toasting in her eyes. I'm eating. Wow.
Corn here's arguments over slot machines in South Florida. Oh!
A proposal that South Florida voters decide if they want to allow slot machines that tracks
and highlight frontons is good for the 2000 for a ballot lawyer told he's super in court yesterday.
Florida's high court will review the proposed constitutional amendment to determine whether
the wording of the amendment is 30 voters and to ensure that it only deals with one subject.
The Citizens Initiative, pushed by a group called Floridians for Level Playing Feel,
was organized by South Florida race tracks, must be approval by the court and get nearly
a half a million signatures to go before voters next November. Local election officials have
notified the state that some 80,000 participants have been verified already. If approved statewide,
the measure would allow governing boards in Broward and Dade. You got this? If I'd
already dade to ask voters if they want to allow slot machines that race tracks and highlight
frontons, it would also earmark any tax revenue earned by the state to education. Florida voters have
rejected gambling measures three times in last quarter century. And of course, I'm about
have the same group had their proposal struck down in 2002 because of the wording and had more
than a single subject on it. Yadi, yadi, yadi. Stephen Grimes, a former Supreme Court justice
representing the sponsors, pulled the current justice is that the new version was designed to
satisfy the problem cited by the court last year. Opponents to the measure include,
oh wait a year this, opponents to the measure include the American Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals, the Humane Society of the United States, an anti-cicino group of
Bible thumping assholes called no casinos and opponents to Greyhound Racing called Grey2KUSA.
Their attorney Mark Herring agreed that the new version may have dodged some of the flaws of
the original, but he also argued that the proposal qualified his classic log rolling,
the practice of connecting a popular proposal such as school funding to a controversial proposal
such as slot machines in order to win approval of the controversial item. The single subject
requirement is intended to shield voters from log rolling. Ever a roll a log? All the turn?
Drop on. All right, I think of that. Mel Gibson, he's rolling it. He puts passion on hold.
Not passions, but passion. Mel Gibson has pulled his movie, The Passion of Christ from a Vatican
sponsored film festival, all Vatican sponsored film festival, holy crap. Depicting the son of God
on the screen because he says it's not ready. The unreleased but controversial movie about the
final hours of the life of Jesus was scheduled to be shown yesterday to a select group of Roman
Catholic officials as part of the Christ and the cinema festival. But Gibson had second thoughts
about some of the scenes and his re-editing the film, the movie producer Nick Hill wrote in
letter to the organizer Andrea Piersante. The former actors written in his co-producing the film said
he'd be happy to schedule a preview in the Vatican once the movie is finished, the letter added,
once the Holy Father's finished with the last altar boy. The festival screening was supposed
to have been for a very restricted group to have included Cardinal Paul Pupard. I do like his
mustard though. Head of the Pontifical Council for Culture, Archbishop John Foley,
president of the Pontifical Council for Social Communications and various religious experts
from the Roman Catholic University's based in Roman Apartment of Parachute.
Organizer Piersante and Cardinal Dario Castrion Hoyos sounds like a spict to me. Prefect of the
congregation for clergy is already viewed in earlier versions of the movie. The film is already
coming for criticism from some Jewish and Roman Catholic groups who are concerned it will fuel anti-semitism.
Others including fundamentalist Christians and media names such as columnist Cal Thomas and
Jewish web personality Mad Drudge have said the film is beautiful and magical. You know it's
thinking a beautiful and magical misplugged. How does it feel to be sitting there? You self-hating
faggot looking in the mirror knowing that you're a sellout to the right wing and I'm going to say it
again. Other people have had the balls to come forward and say, hey, guess what? I've been used
and abused. I have no conscience. You're a piece of crap. You're human garbage on two legs is what
you are misplugged. I don't care if you get 50 billion hits today and you're sticking as colorless
website you're a piece of garbage. What are you trying to say? He sucks.
Know that the Lord even loves neo-rodgers. Go to hell.
Yeah. Little scum back won't get no pull roll. It's time to deep friendly boy now.
They got injections and a lethal. People are waiting for them on their own.
But I don't think that that's the way to go. No. I say we deep friendly boy now.
Okay. Let's send a deep friendly boy now.
Oh.
It's time to deep friendly boy now.
I think just like oh, Jay and Michael Jackson is the racial thing myself.
Uh, 10 people say that about the Nathaniel Jones and Cincinnati.
159 votes. What's your take on a black man who died in Cincinnati after that confrontation
with Polis in a white castle parking lot? He probably should have got the order to go
don't you think it's an advanced in a right and drive through that's what that's for.
They were defending themselves 44. They overreacted 36. They should have had taser guns 35.
He deserved it 34 and it's a racial thing. 10. 10 be saying that crap. A piece of Josh.
A bigger party. You heard of a piece of ass. This is a piece of junk. Now this is a really
pressing story. Young woman saves sperm of dying husband. From the moment they met his young teens,
Joshua Garvin city was going to marry Amanda Elliott, his sweetheart at Heritage High School in
littleton, Colorado. Last year to the light of both their families, the couple both in their early
20s married in a fantasy fulfilling wedding. The newlyweds worked hard with Joshua Plot as a
mechanic at a local Cardi Lyship and Amanda who was by Mandy working as a beautician.
From the beginning their sure goal was to start a family but before those dreams could come true
tragedy struck. October 12th, Josh Garvin was riding his dirt bike when he crashed his blocks
from home. His wife had to be driving home and was one of the first people at the accident scene.
I pulled up to the side as I got closer. I saw Josh lying on the ground. Mandy told
good morning America. He had flipped over to handle bars and spacked on his head. He lost control of
the bike. I said, babe, don't leave me and wait for the ambulance. Her husband was conscious and
even feisty. He didn't want to go to the hospital but Mandy insisted to turn out that Josh,
who was not wearing his helmet, suffered a severe brain injury. In the hospital he slipped in and
out of consciousness for about a week. Josh's brain swelled and while he knew his family he seemed
as though he were unaware of his surroundings. Speaking as though he were in church or out dirt biking.
Speaking as though he was in church. Mandy Garvin recalled that her husband still looked
handsome even with a swollen head but then things got worked. Worst, surged relief pressure on Josh's
brain did not go well and the 24-year-old was left brain dead. Mandy just 22 face-to-night
murder saying goodbye to the man she loved. But before I'm plugging the ventilator that was
keeping Josh alive, Mandy Garvin asked doctors at Swedish Medical Center for a husband's sperm be
harvested so that someday she might fulfill their dream of having a baby to go on with myself.
I need a piece of Josh. Mandy Garvin said, I know that I have a piece of him but I need more.
But a Colorado sperm bank in an organ donation agency rejected a request. The sperm bank said it
was against its licensing rules and that she needed donors written consent clearly impossible.
Josh Garvin's designation as an organ donor on his driver's license would not enough.
The organ donation agency said his mission was harvesting organs, not reproductive cells to save lives
had no specialists to help. Mandy Garvin was frustrated and upset. We were running out of time. She
said the hospital was great. The nurses were trying to find a place to store the sperm. The harvesting
wasn't a problem. It was the storage. Don't say anything. However, the family soon learned that a
California company would store the sperm and a urologist in Denver would do the procedure. Josh Garvin
sperm and his organs were harvested and California cryobanks stored the sperm. Did they use international
harvester? Yes, they did. Squirt, squat. The tractor pull that you saw at the macaroni?
It's a detractable. It's not a funny story. It's very sad.
You know? Oh well, at least his mammary lives on and that's right. That's a good part of
having him ending an otherwise very depressing disgusting story. 5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T
and Verizon wireless line. We got our big one and two hour coming up and then at two we got a
whole bunch of surprises for you. Curtis Stevenson from the Mad Dog at two, the booster for the
Humper at four, Panther people at seven, Ottawa Senators at the Panthers. You better go to the
game that I taught you hockey fans all the ten of you because we're going to lose that franchise.
If you people don't start supporting the team and getting with it, okay? I'm just telling you
that right now. Don't forget I told you that right here on this show. That franchise is going
on by by unless they start getting some real serious asses in the seats and I'm talking
about people paying for the tickets. Now free loaders like me.
Although somebody paid for mine anyway. W-D-Q-A-M.
Which budget is for?
No, no, no, no. Yeah, your calls are for me. You're pathetic. You're tragic. Get a new voice.
Come up with something original, okay? Like, like that would be good. You're tragic.
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Whatever the hell it is. Man.
W-Q-I-M.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Okay sir.
Hey, you know I noticed something. I'll bring to your attention. I noticed this big spin with our new
American mascot, Toby Kees.
What is it?
Toby Kees. You have the guy on the Ford commercial.
Yeah, they're right winged. Asked what about him.
Yeah, I will basically I never heard of him until he was like high five and with Dan
Rather and George Bush. Yeah, well he's the right wing Yahoo country assholes. What he is.
And I figured and I was watching his board.
And I was watching his board.
And I was watching his board.
Yeah, he's getting the NASCAR vote. But not from Joe Castello.
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T, the NASCAR vote. Oh god. Don't get me started on that crap man.
Go ahead. Don't get me started. Yeah.
Boy.
The US doesn't, they won't even let that crowd into entry.
I remember you saw them old beat up cars. There was an accident, but nobody got hurt.
Eh? How many QAM?
QAM, hello.
How I think there's a homo sexual.
WQAM.
Hi, what did it talk to Neil?
Sounds like Sunny Fox.
Neil.
Is this Sunny Fox?
No, it's not.
Oh, you sound just like him.
The old Tony Fox.
And old washed up DJ.
Well, it happens.
You know, it does.
Who's that?
Go ahead. Speak to him.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
You had a call earlier.
It said something about no member of Congress.
Like their children are serving.
There is only one and he's a Democrat.
Who's that?
Senator Tim Johnson from South Dakota.
His son has been the 101st Airborne.
He was a dentist and a fan.
And he shipped states out for the house.
He's last year and then he, I think he's back in Iraq.
So, you know, I mean, I don't mean there is, you know,
be it dick about correcting in the actor.
No, that's okay.
It figures that the only one is actually certain.
I think the point he was about here is well taken though.
And that is that none of the grand sons are the sons of people
like Rumsfeld and Cheney, all these other grey robbers.
No, they're up here and they're over there fighting.
That's not a control in the Democratic population, my friend.
You know, going them off in wars.
So.
Okay, probably every day.
Good luck to us.
I'll say it again, voids.
You get that word that five letter word draft going again.
And boy, all of a sudden the whole generation of people
who couldn't give a flying crap less right now.
They'd be saying, oh, wait a minute.
Maybe we ought to start paying attention to all of this.
DRAFT, a five letter word that'll,
then they will fear you, man.
I'm sorry about that right now.
Then people start peeing in their pants.
1251 at 560 QAM.
My life and local.
This is 430560 QAM.
1254 now.
You notice how I like back myself into a corner.
But it was 24, but that's okay.
No, but this was by interior, believe it.
No, no.
Well, I just forgot about our big one, two hours.
But that's okay because it gives me time to like sneak a couple of things in here.
Good because on Monday, we've paid, now you may reference to this before,
but a lot of people haven't seen this.
A comment last year by the Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld on the hunt for a
racks weapon to mass destruction was awarded the foot in mouth prize
Monday by Britain's Plain English campaign.
Rumsfeld, renowned for his uncompromising, tough talking,
received the prize for the most baffling comment by a public figure.
Reports that say something hasn't happened are always interesting to me because as we know,
there are known knowns, there are things we know we know,
Rumsfeld, who are news briefing.
We also know there are known unknowns.
That is to say, we know there are some things that we do not know,
but there are also some unknown unknowns, the ones we know we don't know.
Now let me say it again, but the ones we don't know we don't know.
Oh, that's great.
I don't know.
The ones we don't know we don't know.
John Lister spoke to him for the campaign, which strapped
that public information delivered in clear straightforward English,
said we think we know what he means, but we don't know if we really know.
Although Rumsfeld's comments were made at a news briefing in February 2002,
they were nominated for this year's award.
Rumsfeld, whose boss president bushes often singled out by language critics
for a sometimes unusual use of English,
defeated actor turned politician,
Arnold Schwarzenegger for the Booby Prize.
The new California governor said,
I think they've gave marriage to something that should be between a man and a woman.
That's what Arnold said.
I don't get it.
Previous holders of the award include US actors,
Lister Silverstone, and British Chancellor Gordon Brown.
Last year's winner was actor Richard Geer.
Y'all.
Wow.
How do you like that?
Oh, they didn't tell you what they said.
No.
Oh, I mean, I'm sure there was a lot more than that,
but it's, you know, when it doubts, just chop it out.
We don't have a whole whole day here to fart around with that.
We only got like three and a half minutes
until I big one or two.
We might even take another call or two if we had them.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, is this George?
Yeah.
Hey, George.
It's Billy from Shulers.
Hey, Billy, how are you?
Good. How you doing?
Pretty good.
Hey, I just wanted to ask you that.
Did you guys ever find another distributor for Champion Light?
I hadn't heard you mention that in a while.
Delights in Westbroker, one of our sponsors,
has got it again.
I don't know who the distributor is, but Delights can tell you.
Okay.
Oh, no.
I just wanted to find out an outlet because I found another one
in Ford Lauderdale.
Right.
It's Chesapeake Bagel over there on commercial and East 15th Avenue.
Okay.
Do you want to see that?
But they're back in business.
What's that?
I say they're back in business, Champion Light.
Oh, okay.
I didn't know they were out.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Hey, I get a package.
I'm just sending off the photo from Amsterdam too.
So, uh, also I wanted to send you guys a check for the, uh,
the, uh,
abandoned pepper rescue.
Yeah.
Do I just make it out to them?
Yeah.
Okay.
Great.
Thanks.
Thanks a lot, Billy.
Talk to you soon.
See you.
Who was that, George?
Uh, Billy from Shulers.
Apparently.
Oh, I thought I always liked Shulers even though they do have that, uh,
menu on a football.
Hey, I got news for you.
I'm sure it's very fine.
A Humper who knows his meat.
He said it's excellent.
But I, I just, I'm just a Ruth's Chris guy.
It's all I can tell you.
I mean, what's not to like, right?
Broccoli.
In addition to which we don't have no Shulers restaurants in Toronto.
Well, we do have a Ruth Chris in a Hilton hotel right in the middle of downtown.
And it's a pretty damn good.
It was damn good last night.
Remember damn.
I'm sorry.
You missed it.
God, he would have loved that.
A steak that would have just put you into orbit
that fantastic banana cream pie for dessert.
There was stuffed mushrooms with crab meat.
There was fantastic sauteed mushrooms with the steak.
Oh my God.
Anyway, yeah.
Oh, I can't feed the whole world, you know.
I haven't seen these people.
And you notice nobody even called about that today.
About that.
Well, I mean, it's a good topic though.
We've talked before on the show about, you know,
class reunions, do people go, they, you know,
have a nervous breakdown about the, what they,
see, I didn't care what anybody looked like because we're all in even footing, you know.
And I'll say it again.
I think I looked a little bit younger than them and they, they look fine.
I'm not knocking them.
They were there nice people.
But it's not like, like, I look like a
daughtering old man like you're always seen and they look like a teenager, something like that.
194 votes on here and you notice he didn't say a word.
You notice that Josh, when I said he's always sent him a daughtering old man
because he knows that Saturday is his birthday.
And whether or not he gets that usual birthday check from somebody,
probably depends on his response to that.
So the less said the better.
You're a spring chicken.
Yeah.
Hawk.
What's your take on the black man, the
thank you Jones who died in Cincinnati after his confrontation with the police?
196 votes.
They were defending themselves 51.
They should have had taser guns 49.
He deserved it 44.
Now one, what does that mean?
I mean, I know I put it on there.
What does that mean?
He had a color.
He was a scumbag.
That's right.
Are they overreacted 42?
And it's a racial thing.
10 out of 196 votes.
Well, I got a really good.
I got a bush bashing as we boring.
You know, that's right.
Off-read the cent.
Right.
Americans who hate their president.
We had this on our website either today or yesterday.
I believe yesterday.
Still on there.
You can go back into the archives if you missed stuff on there.
It's really good and important.
But I just don't have time.
Also your friend Alfonso Rodriguez Jr.
He waived extradition.
So he's going to be sent to North Dakota with a banjo on his knee.
Okay.
With a Veneron is knee.
I think we did a pretty good job there.
We got all the we touched all the bases.
We covered it all.
We had those horrible, horrible Dave Van Horen clips in those smart land spots.
Let me say it again.
All you Marlon people was very.
It's really a promising thing.
They're signing all the high pay talent again to bring them back.
They're not pulling away.
And I think they're not just madling the team.
They're not doing all those things.
But if you're going to run spots and try to get people out of there,
please leave.
What's his name?
Maybe they hear peace off.
Dave Van Boring.
He's an embarrassment to the human race.
It's not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
Oh, heard there is no Christmas in the silly middle east.
No.
No trees.
No snow.
No Santa Claus.
They have different religious beliefs.
They believe in Muhammad and not in our holiday.
And so every December I go to the middle east.
Hey, there, Mr. Muslims.
Merry fucking Christmas.
Put down that book to Koran and hear some holiday wishes.
In case you haven't noticed,
if Jesus says, Bartite,
soak it off your knees and muzzle a massive fucking cell of rite.
There is no holiday season in India.
I've heard they don't hang out their stockings and that is just absurd.
They never read a Christmas story.
They don't know what Rudolph is about.
And that is why in December I'll go to India and China.
Hi, there, Mr. Hinduist.
Merry fucking Christmas.
Drink eggnog and eat some beef and pass it to the bed.
They case you haven't noticed.
If Jesus says, Bartite,
soak it off your heath and Hinduism.
Fucking cell of rite.
Now I heard that in Japan everyone just lives in sin.
They pray to several gods and put needles in their skin.
On December 20th, all they do is eat a cake.
And that is why I go to Japan and walk around and cry.
Hi, there, Mr. Hinduist.
Merry fucking Christmas.
God is gonna kick your ass you into the lake to take and scum.
In case you haven't noticed,
there's best of things to do.
So let's all rejoice for Jesus' merit.
Fucking Christmas you.
On Christmas Day,
I travel around the world and say,
now it's Christmas bonus and all you ACS-2.
Merry fucking Christmas.
So yeah.
Oh, it's still the rain.
Almost a night.
Gonna change my mood.
Gonna make a defense.
Gonna be your wife.
As I turn on the baby,
oh,
sing up my mood.
This blues is blowing my mind.
I'm talking to kids, my kids.
Been alive in me.
Can't deny you're my guide.
Defending for the teddy.
Gotta think for time.
And plasticity lies.
Come on, man, we sure.
I follow it by tomorrow.
Here it goes.
I knew I know where I'll go.
And the next thing you know,
I'm looking at the man in the prison.
He's asking me to bend the way.
And now I'm as good a thin,
and he clear it.
If you wanna make it world,
I bet to please Michael Drop the soul,
and bend this way.
Welcome.
Hey kids,
Saturday morning TV is about to get a makeover.
It's Queer Eye for the Popeye.
Well, never be timbers.
You must be the fads-cphys.
Go, go, go, go, go.
Boy, it's gonna look at what he's wearing.
Failure that fit.
So, where's the rest of the village people?
I'm not gonna break this.
Queer Eye for the Popeye is the fab pives
most animated project yet.
Popeye, what would you like to prepare
for your big dinner date with Olive Boy?
Rather, rather,
I feel this spinach can,
and it's gonna come out.
There's only one thing that's good in the can, honey,
and it ain't spinach.
How about if we throw sweet peat in stash?
Sweet peat?
Well, I looks like a cannibal.
Wait until you see how
a Queer Eye for the Popeye team
has redecorated his swinging bachelor pad.
Okay, Popeye.
Pop your eyes open.
Well, close me down.
Well, hello, sailor.
Easy, fellas.
It's just an expression.
Queer Eye for the Popeye.
Saturday mornings right after while Yukio were out.
Oh, right.
I'm a co-beap.
Peek, peek.
Till the nil and chill.
Haliburton, Unic,
Towsha, Ronda, G.E.
Oh, Northrop and Ronda.
MCI, World Tom,
Faker and Vox,
KLR and Jeremy Geek.
Oh,
K-log, Brown and Root.
Carlyle and the Rending Root.
Murder, Docs, Fox News, and Reuters on Yung-Boo.
Choice point democracy.
My date of day technology.
Chuck Pagel's eyes bold.
Blocking out your boat.
George Bush is a liar.
It's point nine eleven for a global empire.
George Bush is a liar.
It's tasty, un-elected by House of the Fire.
Dick Cheney, Wokeful Whits, Richard Perlin,
Mother Dick, Andrew Card, Carl Robyn,
Margaret, Dick Kiko.
Oh, he'll push, get pushed.
George P and Daddy Bush,
Preston and Columbus,
though well not to mention Marvel.
Traitor Bob Little, Doc,
Stapsy I.A. in the back.
Brumswell says,
All is well and other,
Soldier Die.
Are you outspoken,
Democrat in the mail they get
and track?
Hire the hand,
Well, Stone,
Dead before their time.
George Bush is a liar.
My college corporate field
comes with Nazi hard-ons.
George Bush is a liar.
And the sinister media
has you believing it.
George Bush is a liar.
The song is something that
I'll never get on to your channel.
George Bush is a liar.
The traitor and the deity
in an imperial peace.
George Bush is a liar.
My, your, my,
Your, my,
Your, my,
Your, my,
Your, my,
Do they see them watch the TV
with the finger of their foot?
Whoa,
White love to know,
White love to know what
Christian Superbun
read Bible in the corner
while fondling their nuts.
Whoa,
White love to know,
White love to know what
Christian Superbun
Postor why it takes
the front of the back of the
East.
It's hailing back to
the back of Roni and
Cheese.
God, hold in the
veggie,
just in case they
could do.
That's just about
all they're allowed to do.
Do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
do
Do they get his hole in
put while feeding out their
gun?
Whoa,
White love to know,
White love to know
what Christian Superbun
do they harvest
just the fish?
My,
tailgate of their truck,
Whoa,
White love to know,
White love to know what
Christian Superbun
Seed and standing
heat and sit back down
again and
chew
can watch it all
down with its well-packed
fruit.
Live a life aboard
a puffed
heaven you go.
God only
smile the fun
foring at home.
Whoa,
White love to know,
White love to know,
White love to know,
J.
and love to know,
White love to know,
White love to know.
Wear
relaxed
hierarchy
Fixing that whole thing with weapons that we bring
Snowmore turtamoyle begin into boil
We stay in our time again and live here we have built
Searching for our pieces for an assault
Some people claim we got your spurs to blame and you're right
It's how George Bush is found
You and I went to the bar we drank some whiskey from the jar
We got drunk all over town then I asked you to go down you go to
Like a master but soon there was disaster the food sure went down easy
Now you're saying you're queasy it felt good just like it should but then it's done
Cause you were drunk you still jugged up
Puking on my nuts
There's drunk in whores really wack I looked down to see her last neck had come right back
Puking on my sack
I thought I could get a decent hammer
But dinner on my boner is a bummer
And now my lap is full of crap cause my monster take all your consules fill your cups
Puking on my nuts
I was hoping for a decent BJ
But now I am wearing Chinese buffet
All my moans were getting louder now my lap looked like cramped powder nasty slut
Puking on my nuts
I should have held back my thrust you lost your lunch now my lap turned to disgust
Puking on my nuts
Sumping on your lunch
Puking on my nuts
Come on and say after one at five sixty WQM how's that pull coming what's your take on it
Nathaniel Jones who died in Cincinnati that big black guy the dude 246 votes
They should have had taser guns 57 they were defending themselves 57 he deserved the 56
The overreacted 47 it's a racial thing only 10 only 10 following that good
Hey attention horse racing fans pop it up our car in his track and car room was open for its 40th anniversary season almost as I speak
In fact they are open right now for simulcasting the track features free admission free general parking every day
Live hardest racing in the poker room open four nights a week Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday
Poker starts at 12 noon and live racing gets underway nightly at 7.05 p.m. including tonight
Don't forget every Monday night to track a two for twenty five dollar dinner special at the top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor
Every Wednesday like tonight to December 17 the hooters girls will be at pomp at a park for a dollar night helping serve draft beers
Meeting racing fans into handing out some good crap and coming up this Saturday
December 6th comes the the Broward County mummers struck their stuff from 7 to 8 30 p.m.
The mums I didn't say hummers okay I didn't say huppers I said the mums
Pompadoparco open seven days a nights a week for simulcasting the best and hardest
Thurbera and Highlight action from all across North America for you to watch and plunge your guts on
And what happened to Randy Wapel's by the way he disappeared or is he or got more problems again
Pompadoparco block south of Atlanta pull right on power line road for the new race schedule
You can go on the web at pompadoparco.com or call 954 972 2000 don't forget first post on two night for live racing
7.05 at pompino park
Live and long this is 4.256
You win and win
The cold kidman stars in the human stain
Yes the human stain
The spilling of sportage on the sheets about a woman who even drives a sportage
He tried everything from cheer to all and he could not remove the human stain
Run to your there soon to see a film called the human stain
On the ground control to me, call me
7.05 at lunch time over all the dinner now
4.05 unless you tell us to ignore put on an energy
This is the one control to me, call me
You're told to wait in 3.05
1.05 at the library area
And that's how come you gotta come and pick it up
Yeah, I'm in charge of the back door
This is major one to park a tour
I thought of you complaining
How the heck I supposed to be the one who can fool
When you forget to give me a pressing school you fool
What's this?
Why you don't give me my sub packet?
No, my sub packet!
To put on a sesame ticket again
My boy, this is gonna be real man's fright
You left out my torch frame race
What are you thinking stupid?
Look to a wall, look to a wall
One pill makes you drowsy, my friend
And it also makes you high
If the ones my housemate gave me
They may be itchy all the time
But no as woman
You shall keep your will supplied
If you need a wall
Bounding them goofballs, you billy heron
Bring me to a higher astral plane
And I can have a dream, run, and not get busted
Thanks to my friends in a higher moral place
Who asked will not?
She'll get you some worse than a hand from a football
I'm back my sublikes and ready to build goals
I'm as the birdgy who is it?
In other dissenters' friends
Let's extract the gold out of their teeth
And donate the proceeds to the RNC
As a show of life, of course, for our glorious leader
And go as will not
You'll get you through your show
Or by putting the logic out of proportion
To justify your seeming hate
Out my ass, I'm talking backwards, my dear new head friend
Oh, damn, not looking at flip-flip, you guys speak out yet
Remember what was limbaugh said
All drug abusers should be dead
First wife
I am Charlie the Gay, I am Charlie the Gay, I am I am
I think men are really keen That's why someday maybe I'll be queen
My boyfriend's name is Camilla Camilla
I love her because she looks just like a man Like a man
I'm a gay old friend, so I'm Charlie Charlie the Gay, I am
You, you, E-E-N Charlie Charlie Charlie Charlie Charlie
Charlie the Gay, I am I am Charlie the Gay, I am
Yeah
I hear every from my skin sore
Every criminal of cocking sore
Cocking idea from tip-a-door
Moved to the organ record for a salisol
All drew to stay people, shout your name, Henry
You will never be truly ugly
No, sir, the idea seems so stillery
Hillary from Arkansas
This Hillary from Arkansas, right out of the corner, feel long he hauled
Husband Billy is a Nazi boy, waiting to leave the house, he'll jump, but joy white wall
And now just a memory, Henry, Henry, Henry, he doesn't ever do no, sir
We're in a lost-o-damnst neighborhood
Hillary from Arkansas
Cocking idea from tip-a-door
I'm like he should run, honey
Well, hell, yes I do
I'm like he should develop all your time to it
And I'll just, well, stay home, you know it
I'll take care of bugs
I'm a BTO Bam, man
This Hillary from Arkansas is the deadliest thing I ever saw
Your runs were delicious, go for your dog
As you never had them in New York so changed
You're mine, running in Illinois, Henry
We don't believe that you're a yucky band
No, sir, you're a self-reaching bad-democrat
Hillary from Arkansas
This is your L.A.R.Y.
Hillary, Hillary
They were the fierce-killed kingwish of the B2C
The final temperament on bankruptcy
The times and times will fail, get through it
Tough is the hard dog when you thin into it
Tell me where the came art
A witch quaint out for came art
And all employees at the came art
Get fired out of the way
No more sales on two thoughts but underwear
No more fuzzy slippers to 99 a pair
No more of those t-shirts despite these days
Too bad a nut-tumbin bad to hear out again
Tell me where the came art
Oh now it's quick and times with came art
And all employees at the came art
Get fired out of the way
Absolutely
1.23 at 5.60 W.E.Q.A.M.
How's that pull coming?
It's kind of like the piece of in it
Maybe I got too many categories that are similar?
Always fine
257 what's your take on a black man?
The fangual Jones who died in Cincinnati after a confrontation with police at the white castle?
And boy on this show we sure like white castle
We like raw castle too when Wayne Arnold's running it
257 they were defending themselves 67
They should have had taser-grown 66
He deserved it 60
They overreacted 52 and it's a racial thing
A dozen
Twelve
It's a racial thing
24 past one of you know for you we had a van hit tomorrow sometime between the noon and twelve noon and two somewhere
Do we know yet sometime somewhere sometime somewhere somehow and of course we don't know if we do know or if we don't know but
Well, let you know when we know if we don't know then we won't let you know no
I'll tell you one thing we do know no yes we do is about here
Well, I don't know about it but Charles Alfieri doesn't that's why we talk about home time plus he pays his bills
Charlie's got that natural hairline system man
It's the best piece you can get on your head anywhere in the world at any price. That's why for almost many many years
But third man plus the 30 now Charlie's been working with the famous and the not so famous the flaming and the straight as an arrow
Everybody in between because nobody anywhere in the world at any kind of a price can get a better looking head of hair
That isn't the real thing because the natural hairline system looks just like the real thing
Here's the deal you have nothing loose
But that shiny ugly bald spot that makes you look ancient everybody gets Charlie's 30-day guarantee
Just said that if you don't love the way it looks and feels after 30 days if you're not getting more action than you have in a
Coons age Charlie give you a full refund. So like I said you have nothing loose but that shiny dome and take advantage of your $200
Neal Rogers discount to when you make the call just mention my name to the box for having a ball to mention the
Neal Tornity call knocked off the price of the system here's the toll free number to get your hair back from Chuck Alfieri
1-800-321-2413
That's 1-800-321-2413 or log out it was prestigious world-flaiming website at Charles Alfieri dot com
Fythe and the local of this species five cities
The radius of yours is a few years
This is all real American
N****holes
We salute you
Mr. House arrest guy
Mr. House arrest guy
After 3 DWI convictions the judge had no choice but to throw the book at you
But you don't care the correctional facility is just too damn crowded for the likes of you
Don't get the irons just to
Tax payers are grateful that they aren't wasting their money feeding you
Now their heart on cash can go to something more important like the crackaw with eight kids two trailers down from you
Spring of a food stand
True
The electronic monitoring device on your leg is impossible to break off
But that won't stop you from spreading to the liquor store for a bottle of thunder bird in a carton of luckies
If there's a fence you'll jump it if there's a bike you'll steal it
Just as long as you get back to the double wide when that damn thing starts to beat
So we salute you
Mr. House arrest guy
Your ankle bracelet
Your parole officer
And your mullet
You are a real American N****hole
Now from random thoughts publishing
It's Ozzy Osborne's new children's book on tape
Mother******** Goose
Kids will love all their favorites done as only Ozzy can deliver
Like the classic Jack Sprat
Jack Jack Sprat could eat no f***ing fat
His wife could eat no name
And so be Twix and both you see
They f***ing lick the product clean
And the time was favorite three men in a tub
Robert Dub Dub three men in a tub
And who do you think they be?
The butcher, the biker, the candlestick maker
She's s*** what the f*** are these three men doing in a f***ing tub together
I'm surprised one of them wasn't a f***ing f***ing fat come man
Over 100 nursery rhymes interpreted and read
By the prince of f***ing darkness
Ozzy Osborne
There was an old woman who lived in a shoe
What the f*** she doing living in a shoe
This makes no sense at all
Sarah! Sarah!
Mother**** Goose
The new children's book on tape only from random thoughts of mission
Rocks, rocks, rocks
You will find what you are looking for at Rock Mart
Grab a fistful of savings on the Palestinian area's favorite projectile
Protest in style with an assortment of fine ignios and contomerate rocks
Many sizes available
Helped with pride with our handsome selection of metamorphic rock and new imported granite chunk
Toss in fashion with a fabulous selection of limestone and sheild in the latest new fall colors
Plus, brows are last minute summer clearance specials on sticks and bottles while supplies last
So, for rock bottom prices on the Palestinian area's favorite projectile
Flinging today to the rock mart for a fistful of savings
There's one just a stone throw away from you
There's a tape in it's her for sure
And naked as can be
Power shielding can take direction that's what we see
And she's this right applicant
And the rock
Wow, come on, yay
She starts it all because herself on rings
That's the best shield done
Really loves to fall
Yeah, but it's a shield done
Really takes it all
And that bad shield done is a party girl
And now we need naked
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh
Let me really love to fall
Oh, oh, oh
We really take it all
Yeah
I'm a ding-dong-banny man. I'm really dead.
I buy a radio any one I want. I don't care.
But believe me, they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair.
I got fired myself and even happens to the greets.
Westwood once said you'll get out of here or else we break your legs.
So now I sit by the floor and I'm going to get out of here.
Oh, life's as good as it gets.
With my paladin cocktail, placing bets on the gins.
Paradise. Paradise. I don't kiss nobody's hair since paradise.
Go go go go. I'll be sure I've enough screwkins when I get the gins.
But the cleaners aren't ready with my lime green pants.
How long does it take?
Kelsi calling the plate.
It was just a little thought. So what I left this day.
I think that's funny one. I'm not gonna sell it buddy.
I can do what I want. What the management loves me.
Can I tell you something? Oh, something you ought to know.
But the longest time I wanted you to be my home.
You wipe my tight bow. Now I have straight bow bow.
Oh, no.
Oh, pretty with bow.
I won't take no for an answer.
Put it out.
But it's bad.
Not you.
Get out of here.
Put it out.
Put it out.
Put it out.
Put it out.
Put it out.
Put it out.
No one embodies the holiday spirit better than Gordon Lightfoot.
Really?
You bet.
And now Gordon Lightfoot takes his best known song,
The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald,
and Giff wraps it around your favorite carols to create his new holiday album,
Gordon Lightfoot sings Christmas.
You better watch out and you better not cry.
You better not cry.
Yes, Gordon Lightfoot is coming to town with a sleilot of songs like this.
The first day of Christmas, my true love, give me a heart, raise it in the face.
It's Gordon Lightfoot sings Christmas,
and you'll want a beat-a-market drum when you hear his rendition of the little drummer boy.
Who come later will be heard of Oop-Oop-Oop-Oop.
Play a new born king to see the love of Oop-Oop-Oop-Oop.
Gordon Lightfoot has compiled the holiday music collection.
And you'll wish with sync to the bottom of Lake Superior.
Take the hoes with the holy poly-
poly-
poly-
poly-
Your friends and family will pray for a silent night when you put on Gordon Lightfoot sings Christmas.
Return to Santa
Return to Santa
I got a sweater from my grandma
It was pink and black
But don't worry be a heartbeat
With printed on it back
He wrote a audit
Return to Santa
Just send me cash
Your tanky sweater
Okay me or rash
I got a fruitcake and some plaid pants
Wear a clip as well my nose
Another bottle of old spice
For a did-I get it holster
He wrote a bonnet
Return to Santa
Who needs this truck
But this is Christmas
But really it's done
He wrote a bonnet
Return to Santa
Don't need to be rude
But this is Christmas
I got scrooged
Return to Santa
Return to Santa
What's the deal?
What's shocking news?
That's the smoking gun
Wow that is unbelievable
We got the Curtis Stevens
He has no slouch
And we got the booster
He's getting dressed in pants today
And we got the Panther game
All of that stuff is starting with a pregame at 7 o'clock
Go to the arena tonight
Okay you ought to go to
Everybody should be going and support the Panthers
Come on
Let's go
We're gonna lose our hockey team, Danit
If you don't get with it
Hey you know what's that time of the year again
Everybody's gonna be stopping by your home for the holidays
Not too late to call dry concepts
And read your carpets of all the germs and schmutz
That's sitting deep in here
That they can't I cannot spy
Take care of those carpets
Clean them fast and clean it right by calling my good friends
And dry concepts
The only people in the world who dry clean your carpets
So don't trust anybody else because nobody can do it like they can
That's why I've been using dry concepts for over 20 years in my home
When you finish carpets smell lemony fresh
It looks just like brand new
They're drying a couple of hours
And you're ready to rock and roll for all your holiday traffic in no time at all
So call today
Ask the folks at the dry concept to put you understand by list
And you can say 15% off the regular already low reasonable price of that job
And don't forget they give you a written guaranteed price up front
Before any worth that you have them do for you
You have enough to worry about during the holidays
So leave your carpets to dry concepts
Here's that toll free never to call tell them that ancient Neil tourney to call
1-800-248-5071
That's 1-800-248-5071
Or look them up on a web at dryconcepts.com
5-8-0-0
We're sports radio 560-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-
Radio the way it was intended to be with periodic sports updates by Yielding. That's the Joe
Markinsa show now on 560 WQA-A-B. Okay, I, you're my little brother so I have to show you how to celebrate the Hanukkah.
This is called a cradle. You spin it and see where it lands and you sing this song.
I have a little cradle. I made it out of clay and when it's dry and ready with cradle I shall play.
Oh, cradle, cradle, cradle, cradle. I made you out of clay. Traddle, cradle, cradle, cradle with cradle I shall play.
Now you try it. I just spin it with your fingers like this.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, I will paint up the sun like all the way.
Clean, paint down the way that washes fire out. Hey, what the hell are you doing?
Oh, hey, Carmen. What playing trailed? You want to try?
Sure. Here's a little cradle that's not in made of clay but I'm not gonna play with it because it's a fucking game.
Hey, shut your mouth, fat ass.
Juve, they stupid games. Juve, that's why they're natal, cradle, cradle.
Juve, I made you out of clay. They stupid, cradle, cradle, cradle, cradle.
Juve, cradle, I shall play. That's why they're named.
What's going on? Oh, it's that Hanukkah thing.
It's so amazing. He's spin this thing on the ground and it goes.
Man, man, man, I can watch it. Oh, dear. Let me try it.
I'll try to make it spin. It fell while trying again.
Oh, trailed, trailed, cradle. I make you out of clay.
Trailed, trailed, cradle. We'll try to make it like all the way.
Oh, trailed, trailed, cradle. I make you out of clay.
Play stupid, cradle, cradle, cradle.
Juve, cradle, I shall play. That's why they're named.
Hello, boys. Hi, Mom. Oh, how precious.
You boys are all plain trailed. Now you know that cradle is a time on a tradition for the Hebrew people.
Yes, we know that that's keeping you still very interesting.
Now, when you are to make the draid, we'll spin you.
Oh, people always win kids spinning hard.
So get the draid, we'll spin you.
Oh, kids, we'll spin you.
Oh, always win kids spinning hard.
Oh, hi, Dad. Hello, everybody. Say, can I join in?
Sure.
I have a little trailed. I made it out of clay.
And when it's dry and ready, with trailed, I shall everybody.
Trailed, trailed, cradle. We'll try to make it like all the way.
That's why they're named.
Trailed, trailed, cradle. We'll try to make it like all the way.
That's why they're named.
You can make it like all the way.
Courtney Cubs, I love you. You're so hot on that show.
Yeah.
Courtney Cubs.
Dad.
We're singing about a cradle.
Oh, sorry.
You talk about this later, child.
Now, I'll get a cradle, get a cradle.
I'll get a cradle, get a cradle.
I'll get a cradle, get a cradle.
I'll get a cradle, get a cradle.
I'll get a cradle, get a cradle.
I'll get a cradle, get a cradle.
I'll get a cradle, get a cradle.
I'll get a cradle.
Tonight on ABC, Experience Christmas, the NYPD Blue Way.
But naked and wrong.
Sylvia, I'm f***ing home.
Whoops. You're naked.
And, V, I'm so f***ing glad to see you.
I have a f***ing surprise.
Of course you're f***ing naked.
Not that. It's all bad.
Ah, you got me a f***ing Christmas present.
That's a f***ing sweet.
Thanks, you s***t whole big ass s***t.
Call bag and f***ing suckin' mother f***ing poop who head.
My pleasure.
Hey, let's f***.
Hey, I better remove my holster.
It's launching fun for everyone.
NYPD Blue, the Christmas special.
Tonight, right after Luther Campbell's Christmas Carol on ABC,
147. Here's some depressing news.
I don't want to say the American public are stupid,
but you know what?
What? They're stupid.
Oh.
President Bush is standing with the public has improved since his surprise
thanks, giving trip to Iraq amid signs of a stronger economy
and following congressional passage of prescription drug benefit
under Medicare.
You know the one that's going to screw everybody?
Yeah, I know that.
Presently, you know folks.
Bush's job approval was at 61% of the National
and in burgulations survey conducted four days after the holiday,
up from 56% during the four days before Thanksgiving.
Disapproval of the president dropped from 41 to 36%
according to poll released yesterday.
Bush is visibly the troops in Baghdad thanksgiving.
I was a move that even one praise from political opponents.
We need political opponents public opinion about Bush personally
also improved during the four day post holiday span with an increase in the new number
who view in favorably from 65 to 72%.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Republican shifted from 83% favorable view of Bush personally to 94%
Democrats 46 to 55%.
Public opinion on the war in Iraq did not shift does significantly.
However, people about evenly split on whether the war in Iraq was worthwhile
before the holiday and again after.
It goes to show you man.
All it takes is a little one little dog and pony show.
Yeah, man.
That was great.
He the man.
I hate to say it, but there ain't no Chinatowns chance in hell.
You see barring some miracle or you know, Chinatowns chance in hell.
The his week need opponents have got a shot.
Oh, and also the coroner in the Hamilton County, Ohio.
Yeah, they said they were intoxicating levels of both PCP and cocaine in the
Nathaniel Schmutz's system Jackson Jones and that the blows by the batons.
Mm hmm.
We're like to like the lower legs and the shorter.
Now, it didn't harm any of his internal organs.
So the cops didn't kill him.
So they say.
Would you expect otherwise?
No.
It's a lot of luck.
I said it should at Tasercon 11 before two at five sixty W.
You're one of the best kept South Florida dining secrets.
A stupid and this place is right in front of your push and curl springs.
The Gold Coast Seafood Grill just celebrated their one year anniversary and they got three
and a half big fat juicy stars from the Sun Sentinel Showtime dining review.
The Gold Coast Seafood Grill's got fantastic specialties on the menu like delicious mango plum salmon.
I'm encrusted Mahi Mahi orange honey glazed sea bass and crab and shrimp stuffed trout.
There's a great bar atmosphere.
You'll really enjoy two inexpensive wine and martinulus during happy hour big martinis only five and a half bucks four to seven
p.m. every day seven days a week.
You'll find a Gold Coast Seafood Grill in Coral Springs at twenty seven fifty two North University
drive inside the beautiful walk shopping center for reservations and information called nine five four two five five fish.
Take the little family take all your guests and visitors to a fantastic place you can
dive inside or outside large parties and private functions welcome to experience one of the best kept secrets
and lunch and dinner dining anywhere in town the Gold Coast Seafood Grill in Coral Springs at twenty seven fifty two North
University drive inside the walk shopping center the Gold Coast Seafood Grill where you'll find great seafood
always at great prices food.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Is this for twenty five six a.m.?
deliver
no
The temperature is here.
It is cold.
It is so freaking cold.
And I cringe every time the wind blows in my pants something is shrinking.
I'm so cold I can't licks him.
Let's be called it zero baby.
And I cannot feel my thoughts.
There's no more yelling here.
There's a tingling in my fingers and my pride that parts are broken.
Oh my nose is about to fall off.
There's a cloud every time that I call and my hands are blue.
They are turning on.
They might have you take my thoughts.
Let's be called it zero baby.
I can barely move my mouth.
I'm a red hot black tin lover.
But first I need to be thought out.
Yes I need to be thought out.
That's because it's zero.
That's it for you.
Every time I have you look at the floor.
I can't upload it.
How much peace, Lord's heart.
All that you'll gain, brought in this brain.
Inside the door, nothing else remains.
The name of the name of the confident.
That's why George always Lord, he has no name of the confident.
He bought a team to inhale the third day's life.
He was born into money but he's so kind and dumb.
Without his evil it'd be a homeless bum.
Life of the party is college days.
Left it with two cells for a brain and a baby positive.
That's the reason he's forever weak.
He had no days of positive.
I thought my ticket then I'm holding my passport tight.
Oh right.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
You can do in the behind.
Welcome.
Put a cigar in her vagina she don't mind.
All people feel that Hillary has been made a fool of by her husband.
Feel that Hillary was wronged.
Up in the linking bedroom, she was moaning, moaning, how gore was doing her with Bill's old bond.
Bill's cigars and monikers, the Giner.
She let's out of Giggle.
Every fricking time he makes it, we go.
Monika is not the pie.
You can do it in the behind, but us, car and her vagina she don't mind.
Oh candy, you say?
I'm a demon, yeah, just master, it's faster.
Oh yeah, what you gotta do is take a tip of real love.
And put it in a frown, oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh yeah, what you gotta do is take a tip of real love.
I'd want the unnew house instead of following advice.
Though it may not have been wise at least the house is nice.
At the painting and rewiring the wall, but that's not all.
On the hammock, like this they were read upon my balls.
Ow.
Bye bye bye!
