hide the kids i'm on my way to strap into a fresh high-ender with a navigation system
hey who's laughing now Neil? i can't get ratings i can't get
hey listen you suck money out of people more than anyone i know you old man
you're a nerd by the way where's your nerd got me?
you can talk to me all day i'm louder
you're a nerd never heard of it so i fight you
i don't buy tarry on the reeds on your pussy ass all day long
listen you can just keep going baby
have a nice day Neil
i love you
you know when dky srucks
stevey nix the distinctive voice of fleet woodmack her style is unforgettable
her lyrics are intelligible
when they hear the man laughin' the man laughin' up and down
the man laughin' the man laughin' up
stevey's back with all your favorite hits on one big album
it's stevey nix what the hell is she sayin'?
Yes, all her classics are here.
You'll get me, big red and the incomparable red.
Gidgetly, remumble for stereo in audibility, this is TVX at her most nebulous.
What the hell is she saying?
Available now.
What in coherent records of this?
Now you're probably wondering how come I played that oldie?
Here's the answer for you.
Stevie Nicks rates the notorious Madonna Britney kiss is the most obnoxious television
moment ever.
Okay.
How do you like that?
Does anybody care what Stevie Nicks thinks?
First of all, Madonna is too old to be kissing someone who's 22 of the Fleetwood Max singer
told the Harold Sun.
He never stopped me.
And Britney should be smarter than that.
Hopefully she'll figure a way out of this hole.
She has dug for herself.
I love that line.
Maybe Clarence can do the same thing too.
She's got a digger self out of the Dottas hole.
And Britney should be smarter than that.
Hopefully she'll figure a way out of this hole.
She has dug for herself.
That's them.
Wow.
Man, I don't even want to think about that whole topic.
That's a pit.
Original Rock Chick, Nicks 55, said Spirits and Christina Aguilar should wear more clothes
and try writing decent songs.
Shut up, Stevie.
I personally have never been to a strip club, but I turn on MTV and I see in every single
video what must be like to be at a strip club, Nicks, said, which is why people are watching
it.
Oh, right.
Come, bitch.
I think the mystery is gone.
And if you have no mystery, then you already have been sexy, she said.
Real sexuality and sensuality is in the music.
And these girls, these are the Britney Spears, Christine Aguilar and Anna-Non.
She'll go back to writing songs and start over because it won't last and they won't
last.
Says Stevie Nicks.
What's her latest hit?
He just played it.
When they're 55, they won't be around in that said because I think a lot of those girls
are very talented, but they're signing their own death war in Stevie, says.
Nicks was appalled by Madonna's publicity stunt, Kiss With Spears, at the recent MTV
awards.
I thought it was an off-top, noxious moment in TV history, she said.
It's in the story twice just in case you missed it the first time.
Madonna will be fine.
Madonna is Madonna.
She does what she wants.
She'll get over this.
But will Britney get over it?
I don't know.
She said.
I don't know.
Next revealed Madonna and Jennifer Lopez to be in this moochie routine, but JLo told
Mag to kiss something else, as in maybe her fat.
Next is the ultimate rock survivor, weathering drug addictions, depression and a tumultuous
relationship with Lindsay Buckingham.
It says, Fleetwood Mac performs at Rod Laver, Arena, February 23rd, tickets to OnSale
Monday.
Rod Laver, I'm assuming is like in Australia, because this is the Harold Sun, it's
some Australian rag.
So there you go.
That's a good place for her down under.
I think Muff started a little concerto with me in Feral, don't you?
What was he babbling about?
That you knocked on him for running away?
See, I knew it.
I knew that Duff absolutely.
What an asshole, Duff.
Duff, get off this instant.
All I said was go in there and tell Robert or today it's Zach whoever's running aboard
to get the last break over between.
So right away this man like a child takes it personally and we don't even go across
over today because I'd like it then to get the spots over by the time the show starts.
Well, it's his fault, huh?
It's his fault.
What?
Ferals.
There's no question about it, but I'm not looking to start a thing.
All I'm saying is like a minor thing.
Just get the spot break over.
So when people tune in at 10 o'clock the year to show, we're not in the middle of a spot
break.
That's just the way it's done.
It's called a radio business.
That's just the way you do it.
The crossover can go, I know we're not in a radio business.
I know that.
That's why I had a radio nightmare last night because I went QAM.
I mean, we're not asking anything extraordinary or unusual there.
That's all.
Just get the spots out of the way before we come on and do the crossover, which maybe
there ain't going to be any crossover.
And if that's what he wants, hey, life goes on.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, he doesn't care.
Well, then what was he all been out of shape of?
He's happy to have something to harp about as you.
Oh, good for him.
Sounded to me like he was a little porky this morning, huh?
Maybe he didn't get a freebies there at the U of M.
Whatever that place was that he was plugging over and over again.
What that was?
That joint don't say it.
What?
He sure learned quick.
This guy.
He's got the Toyota place.
He's got the U.M. place with a gift shop.
And he's back to man.
I scored Scott.
You learned quick.
Good going, baby.
Lisa McLean.
Now this is the first.
Oh, I guess I better do the results from the poll.
How do I do this?
How do I do it, George?
I get all the first one is so many goddamn names that dead musician thing.
And then we got a preliminary one today because we're going to do dead, just dead
general people, not dead generals, but like, you know, I guess it could be.
But the way not to interrupt and it really doesn't have a lot to do with anything, but
we may or may not have the ability to play commercials in the entire radio station today.
Just mention that in passing.
Go ahead.
Back to what you're doing.
Oh, and you wonder why I had a radio to nightmare last night.
You know, I've been doing this for about a hundred years.
This radio crap and it is crap.
And periodically I'll have a nightmare and it's always a variation of the same thing.
And one last night was I'm on the air in a station where nothing would be equipped and
it doesn't freaking work.
I realize that's an answer is totally incompetent.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
Yeah, that's had a bad deal.
And I got a record playing and a record that the turntable just stops right in the middle.
It just stops.
Wow.
And there's dead air and I'm looking around and I'm trying to find something else to play.
And it's the same recurring nightmare over and over again.
Or like the one I used to have is I'm like a this jockey, but I can't find any music to
play.
So I keep playing the same record.
And I'm looking around desperately trying to find something else and I can't find any
music which I've worked on stations like that as a matter of fact.
We had like about seven records.
Yeah.
And you're doing a six hour music show and you got seven records.
Oh, God.
So anyway, it figures it's a QAM thing.
So we may not be able to play spots.
Right now we have Zach standing by in the control room to play the spots out of there.
The Zach is squatting by in the control room.
The only problem with that is.
Yeah.
Well, they can't play spots out of there either.
So we can have somebody play them from the bullpen, but yeah, can't play spots out of there
either.
Well, ask me if I care.
I see how I don't I don't overreact to these things anymore because I've been on QAM
almost six years now.
And when I sit down with my ass in his chair, I expect technical ineptitude and I'm very
rarely get disappointed.
Everything on this end works great.
No problems here.
I think what we're going to do is just find out.
Toronto studio is working at El Primo, baby.
If and when it comes back.
We'll just run a 20 minute spot break at the end of the hour.
In addition to which I didn't knock on him for going over all I said was tell Robert
whoever the guy that boredop is in there get the spots to last spot break done before
the show ends.
That's all.
That's just the way it works in a business and like a real radio station, which I realize
we are.
But we're at least put on a good act.
God.
Duff.
I think Duff screwed it up.
He got the throw all bent out of shape.
Now Duff's going to be crying and there.
Oh, gee, I tried.
Then what he told me to I went in there and I told that.
Yeah.
Duff's going to be because Duff's an emotional cripple.
He's a good guy, but he's an absolute basket case and emotional cripple.
That's from hanging around with Greg Reed too many years and Tanner of course.
And you better watch it, Mr. because you're in the Tanner building.
Lisa McClellan.
This is from Oakley, California.
This is why I'm doing the first poll.
Let's do the first poll up there before I read all this other crap from Fridays.
Oakley, California.
Lisa McClellan says she isn't erasers.
She says her campaign for a Caucasian club at her California high school is to move toward
diversity, not bigotry.
She says everyone is invited and nobody will be excluded.
Like Harvey Pack would say, nobody picked six.
Remember Harvey Pack?
No.
McClellan's ethnic background includes American Indian, Hispanic, Dutch, German, Italian,
and Irish, I'll still believe.
She says she and her friends feel slided by other clubs at Freedom High School in Oakley,
such as the Black Student Union and the Asian club.
Signatures of support from students, it also and other since announcing her plans three
weeks ago.
One person who won't be signing up is Darnell Turner.
Learned in the spell with Darnell.
Darnell Turner first vice president of the local chapter of the NAACP.
Turner says he thinks the club will create racial tension.
Boy!
How do you like that?
So our first poll today should Caucasian only clubs and groups be permitted.
In the US, they got five choices on here.
Absolutely not.
It's bigotry.
Why not?
There are groups for minorities.
It seems a bit clannish.
That's with a K.
Not in schools are publicly funded places or will blood tests be necessary.
That's the five choices on our first poll today.
Got it?
Got it.
Okay.
Well, she, I, we've talked about this many, many times.
There's the, what do they call the, the Negro College Fund?
You said that like that.
The Negro College Fund.
Yeah, the United Negro College Fund.
Well, if there was like a United Caucasian College Fund, right off the bat, a bunch of
Pico, Cami, a Fag, assholes, I mean, oh, it's a racist thing.
There are a bunch of clans.
You know, I think white folks on, you know, have a shot or two.
By the way, speaking of having a shot, I got the Al Franken book finally lies in the
lying liars who tell them all I haven't gotten far into it, but just to give an idea of
how good it is, the name of the second chapter is an culture nut case.
Okay.
Okay.
I might start reading passages from that.
I'm not doing that swillery book no more, but I might start telling them about it.
I'll go for that.
Oh, that's good.
It's great stuff.
Al Franken, who just, the Rips and Ass, finna, Nazi bitch and colder and all these other
right-wing phony below these bill or Riley's pictures on a cover, by the way.
Rips him a good ass.
Good.
In fact, the lies and the lying liars who tell them all there's and in the upper left,
there's a bush in the upper right, far right, bill or Riley down there and Dick Cheney.
And anybody saw 60 minutes last night what a penetrating piece about Halliburton and
the, and the backtail and Cheney and Wolfowitz and Richard Pearl and all the other dicks.
That's the deal, man.
And just like I told you before, the show, you ought to rewatch the movie network.
Just watch the scene in the ITT boardroom.
We're Ned Bady is sitting on one end of that long table and Howard Beagle is sitting
on the other one, Peter Finch.
And Ned Bady says to Peter Finch, he says, the world is a business, Mr. Beal.
That's all you need to know.
If you watched that piece last night, the world is a business and the rest of us were just
little paws in a chess game.
We mean nothing.
We mean absolutely nothing.
So remember what I always told you, boys and girls, your life is only as important as
you decided it is to yourself because in the grand scheme of things, it doesn't mean
crap, okay?
Unless you got the really, really big bucks.
I'm talking about big, big, big, big bucks.
But there's the mouth readers on line nine.
Too slow though.
So I give him a chance, I give him a window of opportunity there.
And he didn't take the chance to jump through it.
I wish he would, though.
Wish he'd open it up and jump right out.
Trump and his past 10, at 560.
Now what's the deal?
We're going to just so I know we got spot.
I think we'll be all right.
Oh, coming from, coming from Scott.
So you sure, yeah, that's sorry, assuring, coming from you.
By the way, tell your boyfriend, equitbeant, such a, maybe it's time of the month for
her, huh?
Could be.
God, Celah had his knickers in her and a ringer this morning just because we wanted to
get to spots over before the show starts.
That's all unreasonable.
You know, yeah.
Yeah.
I'm not going to fall.
Stop it now.
You know, yeah.
A greedy bastard was really showing his age.
He doesn't have a, they poured him in of him way.
He can get you.
If you don't work like a slave, you're hard to do.
You should bag.
You should bag.
He got it, died it.
Back in 15, night for pay, hold up.
The conquer slid him like they'd they'd side it.
That he's the life-fully white, the parts of you should bag.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, the chain of crappy, chic, retro, rungs, you should bag.
You should bag.
He's poorly waged to employees that he's got the parts of you should bag.
I kind of cut for white and the men were getting you should bag.
He's got all the calories he drives around in the garage caravan.
You should bag.
Tick off the egg, two replace five board and bang the kid.
In the back of his fort, that's all he did.
And pay to stand was born, the Clarks to do should bag.
You should bag.
He seemed delighted, and anybody would win the cash prizes.
On the pyramid, he never mind it.
The classic wasn't his, the Clarks to do should bag.
I never realized what a thin piece of crappy is.
After all the years I've been watching him, the Clarks to break he'll come to every cow's a dream.
The Clarks to do should bag.
All right.
Did you see the asthor about Cisco?
No.
The rap star, Cisco, when I'd bad the haircut, rested for shooting.
I saw the crawl on there real quick.
I was shooting for shooting something, maybe shooting blanks like Tom Cruise.
But at any rate, I don't, I'm looking all over for the goddamn story.
I hate when that happens.
You know, you see the crawl.
And if you don't look fast enough, you can't get the whole story of the tease.
Oh, I'm, I got a paper jam.
You see that dream I had last night?
That's more of my psychic powers again.
I can't get over it.
We're embarked in totally uncharted waters here in my entire radio history.
I haven't seen a rigged up.
Now you understand, see it's Neo but a psychic powers again having a technical radio nightmare last night.
I get up this morning, come in here and nothing works.
Let me in including my fax machine.
My moment, please.
I'm a tune.
And the best part of it is there's nothing, I mean, a paper is sitting in there just like it's supposed to in my fax machine.
You know, my beautiful, it always works fax machine.
But it's just part of the ambiance of the whole thing.
So we're fine.
So we thanks you this JetBlue Violence Privacy Policy.
We had this on our website.
So again, thank you very much.
But if you folks who read our website and read all those great bedtime stories we have on there,
then you wouldn't be wasting your time in our fax paper with stories that we already had on there.
You see what I'm saying?
Anyway, there's the other page just.
Thank you.
So I'm sorry if we're talking over those spots, aren't I?
No.
No, I'm here.
No, I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
44 votes that our first quick poll today should Caucasian-olded clubs and groups be permitted.
23 say yes.
52.2%.
Why not their groups for minorities?
That's what I voted.
Not in schools or publicly funded places.
9.
It seems a bit clannish.
5.
That's with a K.
Absolutely not.
It's bigotry.
5.
And will blood test be necessary for about the first 50 votes?
Okay, now let's get to the poll result from Friday, the important stuff.
Okay.
So what's the deal?
We're running a makeshift jury rigged.
The jury rigged.
Yeah, and it's probably going to change continuously.
Is that where they got that term any OJ trolley or jury rigged right?
Is it probably going to what?
What we're doing is probably going to change periodically during the course of the show.
So be prepared for a whole bunch more.
More nightmarish.
See, I didn't make that up.
Didn't I tell you before the show that I had a nightmare?
And I told you the whole thing was about incompetent engineers and technical stuff wouldn't work.
I'm telling you, I'm scared.
First words out of your mouth.
Put that freaking miscleo to shame.
I really have psychic powers, baby.
Man.
They'll find a way to blame me, though.
Well, that'll probably be the first paycheck by a couple of weeks anyway.
You mean in 2006?
No, and you'll notice it's a Monday morning.
Anybody notice that Monday morning after the weekend when they square everything up just like my feed went out for several hours here yesterday because.
And you want to know why you know, why I don't know who I blame?
I'm going to tell you right now.
See, WQAM, why did I get started on this?
This has nothing to do with what I was going to do with my agenda with my Fagg agenda.
WQM has got 75,000 generals and no soldiers.
Everybody is a chief and how does that expression go?
Too many cooks and not enough engines?
How does that thing go?
Too many chiefs, not enough Indians.
Isn't that the same?
That's the same thing I'm talking about.
We got 50,000 people running around with titles.
We got the general manager, any operations manager, any program director, any.
And we got Ray Perry, which other than giving out the football tickets, we have no idea what that lead is.
And we got Maddie Bell who runs around just so we can have somebody assured his George in the building.
Well, I mean, we got 8 billion generals and no soldiers.
That's the problem.
And so the weekend, it's like playtime, it's like a sandbox, it's like freaking kindergarten all over again.
All we need is Francis Hurley, which entered Ding Dong school.
We got that.
Yeah, we got her Ding Dong.
And so you come in on Monday morning and everything is, ah, you know, because we had a Marlin game, we had the Dolphin game.
And by the way, speaking of the Dolphin game, I noticed the old man.
See, if it's me, if it's me and I'm paying some doddering old fool with an nasty attitude, the kind of money they're paying him.
Because you know me the way I feel about people that don't show up every day.
And we got a home game, even though it's a Sunday night game.
They find him a nice hotel, like somewhere near here.
Look at like the Jamaican in right there on Ives Derry Road probably.
Right next to that Jamaican haircut joint.
Yeah.
He can probably stay at the Gonja Inn.
Right by the station and he gets up, gets a little bit of sleep, gets his ass in there.
But oh, no, we had a ball game last night.
So no mold this morning.
You know, what kind of nonsense is going on in this place, huh?
Too many chiefs and un-off Indians.
I think that's how it goes.
Something like that.
You know what I'm talking about.
Everybody's got a freaking title.
Nobody's doing anything.
Nobody's supervising anybody else.
We got some people in there walk around patting people on head.
So I'm here today.
Everything okay?
I'm here today.
Everything fine?
Anything I can do for you?
Oh, oh, oh.
Friday we asked who was your all-time favorite dead musician.
Just like I predicted.
I'm sorry.
John Lennon runs away with it.
Don't ask me why because I find that the unconscious and unacceptable.
John Lennon 248.
He couldn't lick Jim Morrison's ass.
If they set him upside by each right now, he couldn't lick his ass.
John Lennon 248.
Jim Morrison 124.
Elvis 110.
The King, which is pretty interesting because generally our crowd and all that Elvis intensive.
Are they?
No, we got a lot of old parts though.
What does that mean?
Old parts.
Well, do you mean like during our C-99?
Yeah, that kind.
Ooh.
Oh, I got to do the break.
And because we need to.
No, I can't get behind because the way the way the technical stuff is going, I don't, I just can't get behind.
Which is another reason why it would be nice if they get the spots then before 10 o'clock on the other show on the forale show.
Nothing personal, Scott, but if you want to be a pansy of pantyways, go right ahead.
Okay?
Act like a petal and little child.
What was the name of that throwout on U of N campus where they smeared all his ass?
I think it pardoned.
26 panty, they smeared it.
Hmm, with Mayo.
26 past 10 at 560 W to QAIM.
If you're underpaid, if you're overworked, if you're underappreciated, if you're in a crappy job working for a bunch of schmucks.
How'd you like to have a new high-paying career before the end of this year?
It's still only in the middle of September. You can still do it.
So call fast train today at 1-866 fast train.
They can have you train and certified before years end.
The demand for computer professionals is continuing to grow so there's no better time than right now to get a new high-paying career.
Forget about crappy work like radio things like that because it sucks.
Fast train offers job placement assistance convenient to evening weekends, schedules.
And with six local locations including four in South Florida, there is bound to be just fingers or a fast train location near you.
Fast train offers financial assistance for people who qualify as well.
So call fast train 2-day tool free 1-866 fast train.
No excuse to stay in some dead end job. You can really change your life for the better right now by making one easy phone call.
Check them out on the web at fast train.com and then make that call 1-866 fast train.
5-666 fast train offers your phone call 1-866 fast train.
5-666 fast train offers your phone call 1-866 fast train.
Like men and they look like women.
My candidacy is all about big changes that come in though.
What about those orgies you had?
Out regions.
What are your qualifications?
I have no experience. I'm a woman nice and a terrible, a terrible guy.
What's your plan?
Here's my plan.
I decided to get a bikini wax and then the end to crazy deficits spending.
It really comes down to this.
Game over.
Get a sack to know that we're going to decide if the game is over or not.
Aren't they in California?
We may get the decision sometime late this afternoon or this evening because it's like three hours behind.
Congratulations.
Congratulations.
I'm wide.
The trend.
I beg your pardon?
Congratulations for the trend.
From Greg.
You know something.
I'm going to have to be streamed myself at this point.
A radio station is like I said, got 85,000 people running around with a title.
We can't get anything done.
Everything is like in disarray.
A technical disaster.
Isn't it quite a commentary that this studio that I'm sitting in here in Toronto,
or it's cloudy and raining by the way?
This studio that I'm sitting in here right now is like heads and shoulders above the piece of crap down there.
And you want to know why?
Why?
Because they can't be bothered with things like that because they don't understand.
We got people running that place who don't even know how to help we get on the air.
They think it's like through that goddamn comb you were whistling it.
They haven't got a clue how the hell it works.
They couldn't turn a microphone on if you stuck a guy named Uzi up there.
Correct.
Ask.
Nice trend, okay.
Congratulations.
Did he say congratulations to you on a trend?
Yeah, as an afterthought as he was thinking.
All right, and YouTube.
But August was like mostly you, which is why we're down a little bit.
But nevertheless, there was the highest number on a station in August midday,
10 to 3 by far, by far, even with little Georgia on there,
because August the first week was a vacation week, right?
Right.
And then Tuesdays and Thursdays, most of the rest of the month.
Plus all the rest of the month is for the rating.
Because it ends like about the 20th or something like that.
So it was a heavy George month and still kicked everybody else's ass on air.
And what does he get?
He gets a lot of abuse because that's the way they deal with you QAM, okay?
They're looking in there on a lie because that's just like bush.
That's the similarity between Greg Read and the QAM Mafia and the fascists we got running America today.
Lires.
They lie just as easily as breathing the fresh air, man.
Comes like a second nature to him.
Anyway, we asked who's your all time and I still can't get over the fact that
Muff created a whole countertops there.
Well, you heard my conversation with him, right?
Yeah.
About Zach who's sitting in for who is filling in for Robert in two chairs this morning.
Sitting in his chair and Robert's and I said,
you know, please just let him know that we'd like him to get the spots over before 10 o'clock.
You don't run spots first of all that are by and six to 10 a.m. like a 1002 and 1003.
Just not the way it's done like in a real broadcast facility, okay?
Which we're trying desperately after six years to drag these people into the real world and they still don't want to do it.
And he's like took exception that obviously going that out of shape.
Looks to think?
Yeah, well.
Well, why is that?
That sounds like kind of like childish and churlish to me because I could see that there wasn't going to be any crossover because I'm sitting there bap-bap-bap-bap and they're not putting me on a year again.
So you were on?
I was?
Well, he's just ignoring me.
Well, you were on in here.
You know what?
I can't guarantee if you were on.
No, I was.
Because he wasn't that was not on.
So I'm at the mercy of whenever the hell whoever's sitting in there decides to open a goddamn pot.
Duff.
Hey, Duff, get off your duff, okay?
Quick creating problems where we don't already have anything.
Well, he likes it.
He likes it because it's a minister runner.
Oh, Greg, it's a problem.
It's a problem.
Greg.
You know, it gives him like job justification.
So anyway, getting back to that poll from the weekend, who's your favorite all-time dead musician?
John Lennon 248, Jim Morrison 124, Elvis Presley 110, Jerry Garcia 99, Jimmy Hendricks 98, Bob Marley 84.
That's amazing to me.
Bob Marley had 84 votes.
Sam Marley.
Wow.
We got a lot of Jamaicans, Mom.
No, we got a lot of stoners out there.
We got about the Jamaican Freddie Mercury 63.
What does that say?
We got a lot of queens.
Sarah Ravon 59, Frank Sinatra, Todd with Harry Chapin 52, Frank Sinatra, my ass, okay?
All the way, you know, we asked who's your favorite.
How would you do that?
Oh, God.
Frank Zepa 51, Kurt Cobain 50.
Colat Trigger again, purchase to make sure.
And in honor of that big, half-time ceremony, they had it at the Dolphin Game last night.
So we get the report.
Celia 41, Celia Cruz.
A gigantic man in the recording industry.
A gigantic drag queen.
A monkey-faced old troll.
Very white 37, two packs of courthead 34.
Do we get the story yet about Cisco?
No.
The Cisco kid.
I'm telling you, there's a story, some kind of a shooting.
I know that's unusual in the rap community.
Roy Orbison 29, John Bonham 23, Randy Rhodes 22.
Wow.
Wrong Randy.
Jim Croci and George Harrison and Patsy Klein and Joe Strummer also 22.
That's pretty embarrassing that George Harrison is tied with Randy Rhodes.
Aren't you humiliated and degraded by that?
That's sad.
Johnny Cash 19, and the only reason he got that many is because he just died a specific vote.
Louis Armstrong 18.
Marvin Gay 18.
Oh, Marvin Gay only had 18.
But a Holly 13, Dean Martin 13.
Boy, that's a good pair.
Neither one of them could sing a note.
Bon Scott 12, Ronnie Van Zand 12, Bradley Noelle 12, Morris Gimbe had 12.
Nice going, Morris.
Janice Joplin 11.
Ten votes for Tiny Tim and Warren Z Ivonne.
I see great similarity there.
Joey Ramone had eight, Keith Moon had eight, Glenn Miller seven, Rick Nelson seven.
Tommy Bolin 16, Cooper six.
I'm blown away the Jean Cooper had six votes, aren't you?
Yeah, that is amazing.
Did anybody ever heard of it?
Yeah, old, old farts.
Boy, it's nice to be a happy Monday to all you old farts.
We all woke up again today.
That's something to be happy about.
Sonny Bono 5, Sid Vicious 3, Dwayne Almond 3.
Eddie Cochran, Sid and the balcony too.
Wasn't that that song?
See, I keep getting him confused with Wayne Cochran, who's the Hank's Good Bunny.
Sid and I'll avenge.
In Del Rey and old last out of over almost 16, 900 votes with only one vote.
I'm a dismayed and nauseated from that is David Ruffin, who I guarantee is really brokenhearted about that.
But these people know about music.
They're always good knock in my musical taste.
What some of you know about music.
You could stuff up your ass in the room for the Chinese army west in there.
Okay, David Ruffin with one vote.
What becomes of the brokenhearted?
One of the great songs in the history of mankind.
Is there any doubt about that?
No.
You don't like that song?
I do like that song.
One of the great soul songs ever.
Ever.
And this man gets one vote while certain other cock amig me like Dean Martin gets 13.
Dean Martin looks like a joke vote.
The guy that called him was like in choir when he said he couldn't say what a straight push.
Dean Martin.
Even Sammy Davis would be laughing at that.
But no, David Ruffin gets one lousy freaking vote from the hard ass bastards in South Florida.
And by the way, nice one Tommy Brady with a bad elbow.
Okay.
Everybody's talking about freaking J. Feeder.
A buffalo would have had their running back.
It might have been a ballgame last night.
They might have got their ass kicked.
You know what?
If that kid wouldn't have got hurt.
They were playing like Jack Ruby was the running back in a second half for Buffalo last night.
What do you expect?
Plus the fact drew blood.
So like I've always told you when the when the when the going gets tough, Drew gets going in the crapper.
You can always count on him for some big picks in the tough going in the big games.
Choke artist.
My right Scott.
That's right.
He is. He's a choke artist.
That's why through the three picks in that game last night.
He's stuck to join out.
Nice go and Drew.
You suck.
You couldn't lick Tommy Brady's ass.
Okay.
And believe you me, if you could, I'd like to be there to watch.
I'd like to be there to clean up.
So.
Yes.
The only thing I can find on the Cisco story, which might have been what you saw in the crawl out the corner of your eye.
Yeah.
A follow up story about us and increased security measures on Capitol Hill that quote Senator Gary Cisco.
That's the only thing that came up on the search.
This is about rap star Cisco, okay, which isn't spelled the same way.
I guarantee you they don't have the same haircut.
Okay.
Oh, maybe.
And this was about a shooting, okay?
Which I like I said before probably won't even make the headlines because rap shootings are like, you know, like somebody getting murdered in Miami.
It's not even news anymore.
You know, another one big deal.
But we'll find out and we're also going to find out what the story is with our best of Neil stuff because this.
See today is today.
I guess I'm going to have to play bush boss again and drive along and drive the law.
I'll try the law drive the law drive the law with my mouth.
Draw the line in the sand again because there's just been too much.
I mean, the summertime's over in case you have no effect.
This is a perfect day for you.
I don't know why.
Why?
Isn't this the first day of fall?
Maybe.
Maybe isn't the 21st the end of summertime and are we in the beginning of fall official?
I believe no actually to 23rd this year.
So like I said, this is the last day of summer.
Okay.
Sure.
Mr. Knowson and picker.
Pucker.
Mother.
Picker.
Tucker.
Carlson with a bad bow tie.
So my point being that this is a good time for us to quit dilly dallying.
Okay.
All the summertime, all the farting around, all the excuses.
Well, everybody's out of town, which a lot of Mr. Larvita.
That's all gone.
That's all pass A.
It's time to put your nose to the grindstone here on QA and start following my example.
All right.
In fact, just a showing example.
I think I might take a few weeks off just to make a point.
Best of the neocampaign my ass.
Keep in mind that 10 grand of that is mother seed money that I put in the 10,000 every year to get the things started.
So we have the money to print the CDs and to get the guy to empty chain.
Absolutely.
Going.
And my number that I got here is 23,470 and you had like you said about 300 on Saturday.
Right.
Right.
And then of course the big 40 bucks from Joe Castello last week.
And who only knows.
So Miguel, you know, we love you Miguel.
But if you get your thing out of, uh, out of Doreen long enough to go wash it off and come in there and give us an idea what the we got will be very nice.
We appreciate it.
Because this is the most half-pasted, the most half-past.
And you keep saying, oh, we're going to get to 100,000.
No problem.
Based on what?
Well, maybe that's the only thing.
Based on what?
Well, well, over a month now, this thing.
And you're giving me a solid answer.
We're going to raise 100 grand for abandonment per rescue based on this thing crawling along.
Right. Well, we raised 90 in three months, Laya, the last time.
Yeah.
Starting in October.
And.
So what does that have to do with this?
We just started yet officially.
Well, there wasn't this half-past as this operation is going to see this.
Plus those more Howard David and Keychains are.
Absolutely.
Oh, lame.
We.
Who now wants that?
They all should.
I would think so.
They're great.
They are.
Yeah, excellent.
See, now our luck is turning.
Now our luck is changing for the better.
I'd get it just for where he says, you asshole.
Right.
When you love to walk up behind somebody and just press a button and go, you asshole.
That's right.
Like that guy at blockbuster yesterday.
You what?
I wish I had had one of these in my pocket for that guy at blockbuster.
Yes.
But they got a farted real loud and smelled real bad at blockbuster.
George was bitterly complaining before to show this morning.
That some guy cuts some wicked nasty cheese at blockbuster yesterday.
And that even though George was running to the other side of the store,
they it was following him.
It was keeping up the walls down the aisle.
And it caught me.
And it caught me.
And it was probably into some of the DVDs.
It caught me and it wouldn't let me go.
1042 at 560 W2M.
Hey, summer's over official, baby.
Now we can finally be discopied.
The chore gave me about two months ago.
No more barbecues, no more vacations, kids are back in school.
And during those summer months with all the barbecues, no, they're the crap in a random vacation.
You probably put on some serious weight.
Well, if you're serious now about losing the weight, here's one way you might just do it.
Balance for life.
A lot of people out there getting great results.
Even the beast is starting to look almost human.
Underline the almost part.
No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting.
They do all the work for it.
It's based on very serious the zone diet.
And believe you, me, it's the delicious easy way to lose weight because they provide all the food.
You don't have to do a thing except reach outside your door every morning.
They deliver by 6am to your home, to your work wherever.
A black sack.
And inside your black sack are three gourmet meals made with the best ingredients, everything fresh and delicious.
And two great snacks.
And the only choices you have to make are when you fill out your menu once a week, you pick between two choices for each one of the meals.
In fact, balance for life is the only company that gives you two choices for every feeding when you're on this program.
When I talk about feeding, there's plenty of food to keep you satisfied all day long.
So you won't have to be cheating just to get satisfied either.
Like I said, the food is fresh and delicious made with the best ingredients going.
So if you're tired of being out of shape, overweight, lethargic, diabetic, on a verge of death, let balance for life finally,
help you lose that weight you've been so desperate to do.
Forget about those fads and those gimmicks you see on TV, or those magical pills that supposedly lose the weight.
It's all a bunch of crap.
Call balance for life today at 954-568-3229.
954-568-3229, or check them out of that wicked worldwide web at balanceforlife.com.
We're sports radio 560-UAM.
Yes!
Yes!
And who's the reason we're talking about this?
We're talking about the reason we're talking about this.
We're talking about the reason we're talking about this.
We're talking about the reason we're talking about this.
We're talking about the reason we're talking about this.
We're talking about the reason we're talking about this.
We're talking about the reason we're talking about this.
We're talking about the reason we're talking about this.
We're talking about the reason we're talking about this.
We're talking about the reason we're talking about this.
I don't watch any of those shows.
There isn't one show that won in the world last night that I watched none of the above.
Let me say it again.
On 60 minutes last night on Halibut and Vectellar should be.
There should be impeachment hearings going out right now against Cheney and Bush and this whole bunch of fascists.
But are there?
No.
That's because the media is too worried about Cisco.
How about how much is Cisco?
About 15 bucks a year?
9-11 masterminds.
His attack was paired down.
You saw that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, Sheikh Yibouti, said that they originally were going to hijack five commercial jets on each coast, totaled 10.
And the original plan called for as many as 22 terrorists and four planes in a first wave, followed by a second wave of suicide hijackings that were to be aided possibly by al-Qaeda allies in Southeast Asia.
And of course, if you listen to ABC News during those days, which is what they originally had tried to get me to put on the year which I refused.
We put HBC on for like about five minutes and then we went back to MSNBC and CNN because ABC was all over the place.
Remember they were reporting that bogus report of a hijack plane from Seattle or Portland or somewhere?
And then we never heard any more about it because it turned out to be bogus.
And Peter Jennings was a major, major ass during that entire thing.
I'm just a missive of misinformation was ABC News.
Peace of cramp.
Here's the poll for the main poll that we're going to be building.
Oh no, Eric's going to get upset.
By the way, Eric was a little bit interesting because yesterday it was it Saturday that I emailed him about 100 great bedtime stories for the weekend, including yesterday morning.
He finally got around to it about, I don't know, very late yesterday.
I don't want to start picking on poor Eric because he's fat and he's also probably got some other things to do.
I'll probably not do too much business on the weekend, probably eating in monkey business, wouldn't you think?
But boy, he sure was a little bit lagging on those bedtime stories yesterday.
Wow, wow, wow.
Anyway, here's our set.
See, I told you today's the day that I get out of my system and it's based on the fact that everything screwed up there.
Do you think it's a good day to do it?
Oh yeah.
Little fall house cleaning baby.
That's what we're doing.
And tough. How dare you?
I just want to get him weeping in there.
Can you hear him weeping it? Is he sobbing like a girl?
Yeah.
Sobbing like you're a how could you take like one little request on my part to go and make a big.
I might it's a last thing we did on this radio station.
It's not a major rip.
Yeah.
Grobscot.
Not toughs fault. You're an ass.
Who's your all time favorite dead person not on our previous polls?
That's the question today.
Now, if you don't know what the previous polls were then get lost.
No, no, this is a series of dead people that piss off Moe.
Absolutely.
Of course work too hard on the game last night to come in and work this morning for his half a million a year.
Here's our what we got so far because we had a couple called in on Friday because they couldn't wait for this one.
I mean, this is all encompassing your favorite all time dead person.
It's got to be somebody that's known by this audience anyway.
Like the thanks for calling lady.
Now what was your name Fran?
Faye.
Faye.
Faye winters.
Well, we don't need the winners, but Faye.
I don't know if we want to put that on there or not.
Just thanks for calling maybe.
I don't know who it was.
Right.
Anybody who's listening to the show for more than five minutes knows who that is one of our favorite callers.
Thanks for calling who passed away last year.
Barbara Kaffitman with her yellow teeth.
Now nobody's going to remember who that was.
But we'll put him on the satisfy that little fart that called in Friday.
Ben Franklin.
Where the hell would we meet without Ben Franklin?
Boy, I sure respected him during when we had the blackout up here that one day.
Right.
I thought to myself, thank God that somebody told him to go fly a kite.
Otherwise, we'd still be sitting in the dark.
Don't you think?
Can you imagine what QA would be like without Ben Franklin?
Probably not.
That's different.
Thomas Edison Albert Einstein.
I think that's a good five this star.
Don't you?
I think that's magnificent.
Your favorite dead person who's not on the previous post.
In other words, somebody who wasn't a movie star and actor actress, a politician.
And what was the other one we did?
Favorite Muslims.
Now seriously, what was the other one we did?
Musician.
Right.
I thought you were really off your feet.
I don't want to say that I'm having five conversations at once now.
Are you having five conversations at once?
You have no idea what's going on in here with this audio vault situation.
I don't care.
I don't care because they don't care enough to say they're very best because they allow this.
This slip shot, slacker kind of crap going on with a $2.5 an hour people, excuse me Scott.
All those little underlings are all weekend long screwing everything up, sticking their fingers in every socket they can find.
Let go.
Any other.
And you come on the other side.
It's like Humpty Dumpty was there and of course the you guys have to try to pick up the pieces to put them back together again.
And I'm sitting here in a basement and bewilderment wondering what the F is going on.
You don't want to say what he's saying?
What's the what the F is going on?
Remember that in the work.
You want to know what the F is going on?
Howard.
That was great.
Greatest movie of all time I dare say.
And very few of you would agree because you just you're not in his business.
I guess if you're in a business you have an additional appreciation of it, but you don't have to be in a business monkey business.
Now seriously anybody that saw that movie.
One of the greatest one of the most prophetic movies in history of mankind a genius patty drive.
I'm a mad at hell.
But I don't think it's the same thing anymore.
The world is a business Mr. Beal.
And the fact that just a handful of special interests were control all of the media to manipulate public opinion.
And that whole thing about the Saudi deal.
I mean my God that was like when did that movie come out 30 years ago?
At least 30 man.
I would say 73.
Look it up.
Okay.
Right now.
So that's what we got on poll 2 so far and we'll build it throughout the day.
Phil Specter by the way.
Bad news for you.
Sure if detectives say that concluded the legendary record producer Phil Specter was responsible for the shooting death of an actor.
And have submitted their findings to prosecutors.
76.
Trump bones.
It's not an accident.
It's not a suicide captain Frank Merriman told the LA Times and Story for Friday editions.
Phil Specter shot our wonder Frank Merrimans related to Jim Merriman senior junior Tom Merriman.
No immediate decision was or whether Lanny Merriman.
No immediate decision was expected.
And whether criminal charges would be filed since Sandy given the spokeswoman for the district attorney's office.
What was the great invitational pace or at hazel park driven by Jim Merriman junior and later by Tom Merriman?
Philip Brian.
Philip Brian didn't know that did you?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
You'll throw it adequate.
Mr. Smarty pants.
Philip Brian.
You would know Philip Brian from Brian Andrews.
Would you know from Prince Philip?
He does much.
Only Philip Prince Philip had bigger ears than the horse.
Specter whose wall of sound recording technique transformed 60s pop music was arrested February the Turd for investigation of murder after the body of 40-year-old Lannard Clarkson was fundamentally forer of his hilltop Alhambra mansion.
He was released after posting a million dollars bill.
Specter 62 suggested in the N square magazine and if you win July that Clarkson and Atkerson hosted set the House of Blues.
They have shot herself but chairs investigators said in March they discounted suicide.
A member of the rock and roll hall of fame specters worked with such artists as the Beatles, Ramones, Serels and Ronets.
And it produced such pop music classics as The Do-Ron-Ron.
Probably one of the great titles in History Mankind with all apologies to Sean Cassidy.
The Do-Ron-Ron then he kissed me and to know him is the love of course the original to do Ron-Romers the crystals and Sean Cassidy who couldn't sing as well as a paper sack or as brother David's ass his step brother David's ass covered that song.
Remember Sean Cassidy?
Sure.
I'm so sorry.
She's alive and low.
She scores 20 or vice versa.
She way am.
Play pop little boy.
The rest of the songs like Roos is after I am done.
Can understand why everybody makes fun.
The rest room smells like roses.
You mean it seems okay but I'm not the only one who used the rest room today.
I was only in there for a few minutes.
I always break the light so when I am through.
But now the world is out that I hit it.
I guess I'll have to find somewhere else to do do.
Now I'll have to hold it in and hack my head in this space.
When I get my hand but who spreads those rumors all batches is fake.
Cause the rest room smells like roses.
Whenever I am through it smells okay to me when I do do.
Okay play the honor of the cut the bad cheese blockbuster over the weekend.
I mean he just let it rip.
Yeah no decorum.
I pushed it.
Earthshaking event which you were positive that he must have dropped the load in his pants.
It sounded a little wet.
188 votes on a first poll so far should Caucasian only clubs and groups be permitted.
This is in a wake of that story about the girl out in summer California who wants to start a Caucasian only club in her school.
Why not their groups from minorities 50.5% say that 95 out of 188.
Not in schools are publicly funded places 31.
It seems a bit clandish with the K29 will blood test be necessary 20.
Will they be necessary?
Absolutely not it's bigotry only 13.
Only 13 out of almost 200 say oh we can't do that have white only clubs and you 13 people by the way what kind of assholes are you anyway.
Some kind of special asshole idiots.
Here's sunrise hello.
Yeah hi Neil.
Yes sir.
Yeah and Al Franken's book he says the Christian right cares about Israel because Jesus can't come back unless we have World War 3.
He says when George Bush was governor only Christians can go to heaven that's what he said.
It's in the park with Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell.
He really goes after them too.
Oh do you ever hear skeptic news dot com?
Did I ever want?
Did I ever hear from it?
No I hear of it.
I somebody called in last week I already checked it out.
Okay this is a story I just about Tom Delay said they are at the 10,000 years old.
This is a story about four executive saying pollution to you.
Okay listen every great day.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Who do these sound like?
He sounded like one of our critics.
Yeah nobody sounded like Stan Worthheimer even a woman.
No.
Because he didn't mention anything about because I think Tom Delay also said casino gambling is evil.
Did he say that?
I'm sure he did just this morning.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
You're all time favorite dead person not on the previous polls.
I think this is it.
We wrap up the edit because we got to do that straight eye for the queer guy thing.
Right.
Because we've had the audience actually suggest some real good polls lately and thank the Lord for that.
Yeah.
Because we need some help.
We need some polls.
We need some serious poll.
Here's North Miami.
Hello.
Hey Neil how you doing?
Pretty good.
Okay on that fiscal story.
It was Saturday's Harold and that people section.
Oh so it's an old story then.
Yeah and I guess it happened probably Thursday or Friday.
The paraphrases he was basically sitting on his porch and he saw some people sitting in the car and sort of firing shots.
Well that sounds reasonable to me.
So if you want to look it up it'd be like Saturday's Harold.
So cold news.
Okay thanks.
See you.
That's why I couldn't find a goddamn Cisco story because it's old news.
They put stuff on a crawl there like you know president Lincoln enjoyed the play but he and feeling too good stuff like that.
Yeah.
Which is just a little bit dated if you catch my drink because it takes a lot of crap stories to fill up that crawl all the time.
On and on and on it goes.
Well look at that the NASDAQ's down 32 and the down is down 104 points.
Oh right.
Must be just an aberration in the midst of this tremendous economic comeback.
56670560.
Pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey yeah this is a Billy from Shoe was on the beach.
I spoke to you a couple years ago when I was in on a dam rack.
Good for Queens day.
Right.
And I'm heading back there this afternoon and I was going to give you a shout Friday but I need to get a 305 number to contact you.
What's the number like it's the one you just dial just used 305.
The 567.
Right.
Oh great.
Okay.
Well I'll give you a report when I get over there.
Okay.
All right.
Good talk to you.
Have a good time.
I'll still believe.
See you.
See you at the merkeys.
56670560.
Pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless.
I forgot to ask him if he's probably flying Martin Air.
When you think.
How would I do that?
I don't know.
I just guess.
KLM doesn't fly from Miami.
Or maybe they do fly from Miami but if you want to pay about $85,000 something like that.
Sister Ripoff.
The whole world is a big ripoff boys and girls because KLM owns Martin's gear.
So what would you rather do if you want to go like in business class?
Would you rather spend $1700 if you want to go from Miami to Amsterdam non-stop?
I'm KLM.
Would you rather spend $5 or $6000?
It's a tough choice.
Yeah.
Of course in your case it's an easy choice.
None of the above.
56670560.
Pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
I don't know.
I'll leave this thing up till noon.
The one that's under now.
And then we'll get serious about the dead people.
And I don't want mode to get all bent out of shape because I'm sure he's sitting there listening.
And then she's probably just crawling out of the sack right now.
Wouldn't you think?
Hey listen it was it was way past his bedtime for an 85 year old man last night.
It came to ends like around midnight.
Same on the sack in the same sentence just brings an image to mind.
Yeah, sack as in sack of crap.
Well he does see this carry his sack nicely.
But it was a great piece on a an e last night.
It's our special on the Gambino family.
Do you see that yet?
Nope.
It's seen it before.
Yes.
But it was sensational about Paul Castelano and about Carlolgan Bino before him and about what's his name?
John Gotti.
Mm-hmm.
And his punk kid.
John Gotti.
I won't see him no more.
Here's my me B.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
Got a name for your poll.
But before I just wanted to say I saw that thing last night on a...
I don't know if you know what that was in pre-ordained man by these slime balls.
I don't know what it was.
It's thickening man, it really is.
But I was like...
Just just...
Paul, I'm gonna go with the...
Oh, he's wearing Walt Disney.
What would be without Disney?
Good point, excellent.
Good choice.
Have a good one, Neil.
You too, Pali, thank you.
Walt Disney, huh?
I would never have thought of that with you.
Nope.
Where the hell would we be?
What a Mickey Mouse world it wouldn't be without Walt Disney.
Oh, it's Nerf!
Right.
Although, I mean, again, it doesn't mean that...
Let's see, you're all time favorite.
Well, see, this might have something to do with your opinion,
because everything I've read about him has been pretty negative.
Yeah.
Not what you call a nice guy.
No.
Although he did do the original pencil drawing of Mickey Mouse,
although Mickey at that point was like a real thin like...
Right.
The stick figure.
Yeah, all the figures.
The stick figure.
Yeah, he Walt's stick it.
Right, go.
We get that deal.
That steamboat willy.
Take it up.
Take it up.
Take it up.
Right, let's face it, it was crap.
Might as well show steamboat willy.
I make a few den dollars.
Can't do that on Monday.
I think I just hurt myself.
56670560,
pound 560 on EAT&T.
We got a good group there.
Thanks for calling, lady.
I mean, somebody called in just to be nice.
I don't know how she fits in this pool.
And Barbara Kaffitman with a yellow teeth.
Does Williamsburg need gambling?
Yes, she was the art dreckle lady.
Oh, I got one.
You know, I haven't picked one yet.
Ben Franklin, Thomas Edison, Albert Einstein,
Walt Disney, and George's choices, Carl Sagan.
Oh, but he was very soon with like,
Joe Narratives on PBS.
Carl Sagan was a great guy who should have kept his mouth shut.
You know what I mean?
Oh, he opened up a mouth and ripped religion all the time.
I'm not talking about that, but I'm talking about the, the,
the, oh, he's a little highly affected delivery on those.
What was the name of that series on PBS?
What was it?
Cosmos.
Cosmos.
Great series, but it's just that they should have had somebody else narrate.
Right.
Because he went through this very, I mean,
it's not like he was getting like a burium animal while he was talking,
which is not easy to do.
He was getting a high colonic.
Very spastic, brilliant guy, but he only reminded me of,
I shouldn't say this.
Go ahead.
Well, you're going to get upset.
He reminded me like he was like the burnt back rack of science.
You know, I'm not upset me.
I just, I just talked to him earlier because when I,
a bird crack break wrote a lot of great music, but when you see it,
it's just he's really annoying.
He affected people with that phony just always on.
That's a good like carbon-hameless and dramatic, you know?
Is it?
Have you ever seen him and Marvin Hamles together?
No.
I think it's the same person.
Oh my god.
Burnt back rack and Carl Sagan.
And maybe the other way around.
Maybe Burnt back rack is the Carl Sagan of music.
Huh?
Oh, he probably, Carl Sagan wouldn't like him because he does say a little prayer.
But you know, that Cosmos has required watching for everyone.
It's great.
It's great, especially for people with enough brains to release the brain.
And I realize that the religion crap is crap.
Stop it or religious baloney already.
People are destroying each other like the first guy I said he wanted to make a five-hour speech.
I mean, his heart was in the right place like Randy.
I just told him to show the first guy.
But I mean, this, this bunch of lunatic born again is trying to lead us down the path to Armageddon
so we can blow the whole world up.
If they're ready to die, why don't they have some cool aid?
You know, just like Jim Jones.
At least they kept them themselves, you know?
I want to change my contribution to what?
Darwin.
Well, you can, I guess you can have another one.
Charles Darwin.
What about Sigmund Freud?
I like Darwin.
He had huge balls.
Sigmund Freud.
And...
I can just see the way these are going to be spelled.
And...
How about...
Albert...
Was it Alfred?
Alfred Kinsey.
Or Albert.
I have no idea how to spell Freud, Eric.
F-R-E-U-D.
It's not F-R-O-Y-D.
F-R-E-U-D.
I always spelled it.
F-R-E-U-D.
I actually got one right.
Woo!
Was it Alfred Kinsey?
I came remember what his name was.
Or Albert.
Sigmund Freud.
Why won't you respond to my question?
I don't know which Kinsey was.
You don't know Kinsey, my god, father Albert.
I think it's Albert.
Sex studies?
It wasn't Albert.
Lastly.
I'm Peter.
Father.
Spirit.
Nazi bastard.
Okay, let's see.
Kinsey's name was...
I can't believe I did Freud.
Alfred Kinsey.
Alfred C. Kinsey.
The Kinsey Institute?
Yeah, I don't know why I was like insecure about that.
I don't like making too many big mistakes on Monday.
Later in a week, no problem.
Who put out everybody else's hat?
Yeah.
I did make one mistake.
I showed up.
I could have been in the other room sleeping in real sound right now.
I showed up for this technical disaster.
A festival of technical ineptitude.
It's Q-A-M.
Absolutely correct.
I don't think we're done.
Oh, I'm sure.
I'm sure that.
Nice trend, though, guys.
Yeah, we're going to start calling Greg Nero.
He's fiddling while the station is burning around him.
And then the pieces of equipment are falling to the floor
and the place is on fire.
And there's Greg.
Nice trend, guys.
This is a man who hasn't got any idea how we make it happen.
He hasn't got a clue.
He just winds it up and lets it go and hopes for the best.
God.
By the way, there's something...
If he was still in there, which I'm sure he's not,
because he is a hit and run.
You know, always something I wanted to call you, Greg.
And have a nice week.
Get the place fixed up a little bit.
We'll get the places of pigstile.
1113 at 560 WQM.
See, that's another great thing about doing a show for me.
Not only do I have a nice studio, but I have a nice clean apartment.
You know, I have nice surroundings, the ambiance.
Yeah.
I suppose that pigstile, that toilet, that sewer,
that indoor septic tank.
VIPsportsbook.com is a place you can punch your guts out, man.
Forget about those other ones.
I keep hearing about places in Montreal and Costa Rica.
Anybody want to go to Montreal or Costa Rica?
Definitely not Montreal.
Too many frogs in Costa Rica.
Well, it speaks for itself, unless you're a pervert.
Anyway, this is the time of the year.
All the sportsbooks claim to be the best, but you want to do business with VIPsportsbook.com
because they're the oldest and largest sportsbook in a civilized place.
The Netherlands.
Just like that guy said before, it's going to the dam rack.
He's going to Amsterdam.
That's where it's at, man.
100% legal in license, too.
So listen to me call VIPsportsbook.com.
Right now we're at 1-866 VIP.
That's because when you do business with these folks, you'll punch in peace with confidence.
Sign up now.
You bet all the South Florida football and basketball teams juice free all year long.
You want to bet the dolphins?
It's 100 to 100.
You want about the hurricanes.
It's 100 to 100.
So forget about the vigourish.
They were talking about vigourish on that mafia show last night.
All signups get a 20% cash bonus.
Not some funny money match play bonus.
A legitimate honest to goodness, 20% cash bonus from VIPsportsbook.com.
That's where you find them online or call them toll free 1-866 VIP bets.
That's 1-866 VIP bets.
Be sure to tell me you heard about it right here on prestigious Scoot Up QAM.
VIPsportsbook.com where you are the VIP.
Line in local area, sports radio, 560, QAM, QAM.
Never thought I'd find the gun no ride that I've been tuned around into today.
Now it's a classic set of wheels fixed up the way a brother would like to eat.
Now it's a key to China and the dream is cold and a dizziness of the city.
I got the chance of liquid cherry oil.
No baby, open a good auditary jar and give me baby fruit.
No baby, China need a little bit, little belly baby.
Give the suspense kit now so I bounce down the road in a bit.
That is super bad way.
Now with the authors, stop the big deals a day I'll get around the beach in the breeze.
I got 79, my phone, Catalina.
Showed a goodbye now it's my baby, Cadillac.
Star baby, open a good auditary jar and give me baby fruit.
Star baby, Chinese baby, little belly baby, little spirits, go.
I got my wing goes down on the hearts of the day cause the hazy don't work no way.
Sweating fresh with all seeds starts to smell and gets the dusty look in over time.
From a backseat to mind a shiny granite, no lag light, thanks my coffee, China, too, because I've been washing it with all the road.
Don't all be a real, over the catalogue auditary, give me baby fruit.
No baby, Michael Schaapick, wheels going over speed bumps and confused.
Star baby, fresh with all the material, be fancy to be a baby, Star baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby.
Funny past 11 and 5, 6, 250 votes on a pool already on pool.
Number one should Caucasian only clubs and groups be permitted.
Why not?
Their groups for minorities, 118, 47.2% of us said that.
Not in schools are publicly funded places, 44.
I believe George voted for that cause I voted for the why not.
Why not?
It seems a bit clannish with a K-42 said that.
Will blood has to be necessary 28th the answer is and absolutely not as bigotry only 18, 7.2% only 18 out of 250.
Said it's bigotry.
Here's a lady in Boka, hello.
Hello.
Yes ma'am.
I was thinking of the right brothers who invented the airplane.
But weren't there two of them?
Orbital and will, orl and will, bro?
Orbital and will, bro.
Yeah, but I condensed it and said the right brothers.
The right brothers, you condensed it and you made them into one.
You made them sign these twins.
We'll take it under consideration, okay?
Thank you.
Thanks. Have a great day.
What do you say to the right brothers?
No.
I mean, how can the right brothers be your favorite dead person?
We're not asking, keep in mind, we're not asking who's the most important person of all time.
Because obviously that is...
Oh, go.
You know the answer to that.
By the way, speaking of important people that Miguel finally pulled that thing out of her is the, you know, going to get us the number or not.
He's working on it.
And that's what I'm worried about.
Oh, seriously, if we aren't to 25 grand yet, you're finishing the show.
I'm telling you that right now, Mr. I'm just...
I'm not putting up with any more of this foot drag.
And this is the most slip shot goddamn place.
Yeah.
And in this year with these van hits, well, it's raining outside or there's a cloud in the sky or...
Do we need to get it again or, you know, what's the story there?
Oh, by the way, speaking of somebody getting it again, the room around the building is Skippy.
Skippy, which of course my first dog was named Skippy.
And I think it's very appropriate.
One of our sales holes, little rope named Skippy.
He's got his head so far of Scrooans.
That's the word around the building.
Of course, like somebody else would say, it's probably getting pretty crowded.
What with...
Scrooans and all the others.
Scrooans and...
I was talking about probably getting pretty crowded.
Just like clearance.
5, 6, 7, and by the way, to duck him in and apologize for creating a big riff between me and my close friend Scott for real.
Well, what the hell is wrong with him, man?
See, if he would have given it to clearance, he would have handled it more diplomatically.
But ducking the emotional cripple that he is, oh gee, Neil's all upset.
I'm not out, wasn't it, was I upset?
No.
No, all I said was let's not do that no more.
Oh, is what I said.
Let's say you get the spots done before 10 o'clock and then we'll do our crossover.
Which is plenty, you know?
That's the way it works.
It doesn't work that way at 8 o'clock, I guarantee you that.
But, you know, there's a little bit of a problem there.
And maybe it'll fetch the return into something really great, you know, and big.
And then he'll start playing golf with Mo again.
And we'll have like a big brawl.
I don't really care, you know?
I'm beyond that.
Just give me the check.
What's the date today?
22nd?
3rd?
4th?
3rds day.
Get that check there.
And by the way, get it there this time, clearance on time, on time.
Not when you can feel like getting around with or not with some story that's sitting in
somebody's drawers in the building.
And George got his bonus from the spring book on his paycheck.
Let's hear it.
It's only the middle of September, the end of September.
Nice going Greg.
Chief Bastard.
Here's for a lottery deal.
Hello.
Poor lottery.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I called Friday.
How did you want him to do on the pole?
How did you want him to do on the pole?
12 votes.
I called Friday.
Yeah.
Did he win the pole?
Yeah, he won the pole.
He had 750 votes out of 800 pounds.
He won hands down your pants.
That makes you happy?
Wow.
That must be one of your people.
Sure.
Whatever.
They're big in a John Bono.
Whatever category.
Yeah.
Whatever category that is.
Short people.
You pick it.
Yeah, he's probably about two feet tall.
He's not like a munchkin.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, Neil.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
My name is Ray.
I live down in Hollywood.
I'd tell you what.
I'm sorry, Ray.
But a recent fan of yours.
And you get, I just want to thank you for the hours and pleasure in the past few weeks that I've been listening to you.
The first time I heard you, a rip and south flart or a new one.
And I was hysterical walking around delivering mail in Emma Hill.
I was listening to you.
Good.
Oh, boy.
Emerald Hill is good luck to you, man.
Oh, yeah.
I'm there with all the economically-
All the rent out.
Yeah.
All the intas.
But two things.
One, I agree with the parole for the white groups.
The second is Henry Ford.
Henry Ford, good anti-Semite.
Always?
Well.
Oh, yeah.
Well, he's dead anyway.
Don't make anything of that.
And another is, I like to find out off the air if like where I get information on getting some of your tapes and things like that.
I have no idea.
OK, hang on.
OK.
And thanks a lot.
OK, take care of him.
Will you please do something with him?
OK, now then.
See, this is symptomatic of the disease that we have with our best of campaigns here.
And now I get a number 23,080.
As of Joe and Mark's biggest draft against it was 23,470.
So now we just lost 300 bucks.
How do we do that?
How do we do that?
How do we do that?
I don't know.
Not to mention the 300 or there are bots that you raised on the Friday at where ever the hell you were.
At the cell cell place.
So Miguel, I'm going to tell you something there.
They do have a cure for syphilis, but you have to catch it early.
OK, he caught syphilis early.
All that hanky panky with the rain.
I mean, he must have caught something because it's affecting his worries.
Brain used to be.
Look what happened to Al Capone.
Did he get syphilis and jail?
Yes, he did.
That's how he died.
He died from it.
So you better get that checked real fast.
OK, Miguel.
He's going to go check it right now.
You better have somebody take a look at that thing.
I was there.
I do it for you.
It's a shanker.
Yeah, it probably is.
He probably caught it from Moe because this number is not seeing.
This is what bothers me is that the number is not that it's like an exact science.
We have to have exact.
I like to have some idea within about 50 grand one way or the other way to hell we are.
Embarrassing.
He says for the month of October,
there are van hits every Thursday locations will be posted on our website.
Well, nice go in sweetheart.
Just tomorrow we'll be doing it 11 to 1 with the computer technology showcase.
Happening at the Broward County Convention Center.
The best of need will be available.
You can spin the prize wheel for Marlon tickets.
Oh, you can spin the wheel.
Oh, and speaking of that.
Now, I wonder when those Marlon tickets are going to be for.
I can't imagine that they're going to be for this big series against the Philadelphia Phillies.
Starting tomorrow, these see the of course they still got the Braves tonight in Atlanta.
But the series of the season,
the wild card in the national league and all likely depends on these next three games tomorrow through Thursday.
At fill out the full of the at the PPP Park.
And I guarantee you one thing,
there better not be no empty seats for those games or that town will be forever known
as the bush leakyest of them all.
One thing to be bush league,
but when you're the bush leakyest of them all,
I mean, we're talking a half a game going into the United States games.
Both teams trying to back their way out of that wild card spot desperately laying down like crazy.
But the big series starts tomorrow at PPP Park.
You better be there or we're going to all be pissed off, right?
Scott, are you going to be there tomorrow?
Sure will.
George, beware.
Beware.
Beware.
I thought you were going to say.
Be afraid.
Be very afraid.
Exactly.
My and local.
This is 430560.
You ain't can't wait.
I'm stuck behind an old bag almost every time.
Where he might slacks to share for the states to lie.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
To avoid the bus,
Through the banks could this insane ride?
Who's parting in line?
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
Riding out a check as she's parting away.
But they won't accept checks from the bank of Bombay.
So she showers her change first,
For pennies her coupons and dines.
While parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
All the time I want to say that it ain't fine.
They all got looking so short.
So lie with their little smile.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I agree it was a blockbuster, but I'm hearing.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
He wear the hostile thing.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
I'm parting in line.
Nothing to do anymore.
They are only spent for sale.
I'm parting in line.
Sounds like a good loss
Okay, Ruffin let's get this straight now because somebody says small correction Jimmy Ruffin recorded what becomes of the broken heart
And I was brother David yada yada yada well. Let me look up the rough ins here. We're just kind of rough in it anyway
A key word or a little count where nothing works
Jimmy Ruffin I told you what becomes of the broken hearted I had it wrong
Boy, I made a bad mistake. Well, thank you very much Jim for correcting me
It's his David was lead singer the temptation most of the early hits any chemist was originally
It's a very gritty decided to change the temptation to lead voice to the grittier David Ruffin
He had done the same well if he was lead singer the temptation at all a big hits
It's even more embarrassing than he only got one vote
Wouldn't you think you would he had done the same thing previously with these supreme is replacing original lead singer Mary Wilson in favor of Diana Ross
The story goes that David Ruffin left the temps in part because he wanted his brother Jimmy to join the group
I suspect it was more about Ruffin's ego than concerned for his brother's career
And anyway, David Ruffin left had a couple of small hits as a solo act and gradually slid into drug-addled oblivion and death
The temps replaced Ruffin with Dennis Edwards no kind of Ralph
Who would become the contours lead singer out of the contours?
Do you love me?
Like a friend after their glory after their glory days. Do you love me and shake sherry?
Edwards was something of a rough and sound like the liberal gritty of voice shadow on later temptations hits like cloud nine
Thanks James. Thanks for the correction. You're right. I'm wrong. I'm wrong
What becomes it a broken hearted reach number seven nine ten sixty six thirty seven years ago for all his old farts
For those of us who know Philip Brian from Brian, Bellamy
David Ruffin. Oh David Ruffin had some big hits by by his own
My whole world ended the moment you left me remember that no
You don't think a few bars. Oh my whole world ended the moment you left me. Oh walk away from love
Uh, a night at the Apollo live the way you do the things you do in my girl Darryl Hall, John Oates with David Ruffin Eddie Kendrick
Well, how about that
Jimmy Ruffin I've passed this way before that's what the guy at blockbuster probably says
Gonna give her
Sure he didn't wasn't his first effort gonna give her out of love. I got it. Hold on to my love. I don't know what that is
Jimmy Ruffin so there you go. We're kind of rough at it
As we try to get it right. Okay, as we try to get the facts straight here on QA
Unlike you're a president and a vice president and a bunch of liars and Washington
And I should point out to you that all the right wingers now including Miss Fudge
Who's got a big Bob Novak piece on there, which you can't believe anybody. They're all on the attack now
But against the Wesley Clark because they're all pinging their pants, but
I will say this and I'm not talking about their stuff. There isn't pretty good article. It's on our website
I think it's on our website in it. I think it's not
Maybe I'll have to read it. I don't think I got it under yesterday because I didn't want to send to early because Eric
It's all confused his first bad grade. It's from yesterday's news day by less pain
Isn't that what we all want is less pain? Yeah, so enjoy
I say if we could all just devote seven or eight hours a day to sex it sounds good to me get our priorities straight now
Four hours to work seven or eight hours a day to sex and like maybe three four hours a day to like picking out
And look all this is for trade oh, five six
Oh
There's a media blackout
And I'm gonna say what's going on that's wrong you right to know long gone
For media blackout no way is going to know what's going on
This way the whole administration can't go wrong
There's been a lot of protests lately, but then I gonna show you what they offer
What's them? They got business for the white house. They're only following orders
Outside of Caleb they don't want you to know what's going on
No, we'll never had to
All the broadcast media to deliver one message
People message in the dark
Yeah
Read the bottom papers babies
You know what's going on
I
Say
146 at 560 W to Q.I.M
Now, let's see. Where's the line about a rice marshal uh is that in turn a fun to uh article up
Was on our website that that was in maybe was in a marine doubt column
Anyway, I can see I'm gonna have plenty of time to read all these columns that I got here
Yeah, because we got two calls on the board for this pool. Who's your all-time favorite dead person and not on the previous pulls
There's probably only like about 75 million
Famous dead people that you could admire that you could like have a favorite and we got two calls on the board
That's okay. It's Monday. It's usual south foot of crap. Quippance stop working. It's Monday. Everybody's in the sack
Here's Miami Beach hello
Hey, how you doing pretty good?
Meal I got two for your pole. We only do one. Okay. Okay. I'll give you one crisp bush
Yeah
560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
He's had a little bit too old to be involved in that in that gang, you know what? Oh, yeah, but nevertheless and that old gang of ours
Here's Lantana. Hello
What's happening now? Yes, sir. Got one for your pole. Yes
Um
George Wallace
And this is a brother calling up, you know, he's my favorite cause he did
Because he did okay
Right man. Okay. Thank you so much brother
567 we're not putting him on air 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
Desperate Monday, baby
Music sounds good to me now that we're music intensive. I think the temptations will be good, don't you? Okay
Other fact wait a minute we got him
We got the Motown collection over here
Nothing you don't have it up there with you as well
Okay
You think you got something mister? I got Motown 60s and 70s. How do you like that?
I like it a lot playing back the back as you think you got something yeah
As a matter of fact, you're right. That's a good idea. I'm playing my side by each
Be good way to do it starting with
Three oh
The old ball of confusion yeah, how appropriate? Mm-hmm
Oh, you know what song on here. I absolutely love obsessed with this song
Oh
God
It's all like the same baseline from ball of confusion. Glad it
Oh, right. Oh my god. Was that was that a direct hit?
That was sensation
You don't love that song by Gladys Knight and the Pimps it's okay
Are you smitten me? No, what did that guy farted in your face?
No, seriously, you don't think that's a great song if I were you was your a be your woman
I didn't know that I painted Georgia, which is one I like it. Well, no, but they can't all be a night trained in Georgia
That's adequate
Your cases are
You
Now would you rather hear that or
See what I mean listen similarities
Shame on you shame on you people are at pp park by putting out seated cruise festival honor and half time at a ballgame
Liza shame on you. Okay, speak of the English get with a program you banana boat losers. No
340 votes on a poll should Caucasian only clubs and groups be permitted in the US a
Why not their groups for minorities 171 at 50.2%
Not in schools are publicly funded places 58 17% it seems a little clannish with a K 55
Will blood test be necessary?
30
5% and absolutely not it's bigotry
21 only 21 out of 344 votes 6% say absolutely not and I wonder what the hell their problem is
They're trying to be politically correct. Oh, you can't be doing that
Huh, I guess kind of garbage is that what I'll now garbage. I don't know
You've got the United Negro College Fund the United Asian whatever the hell that thing is that why can't we do this huh?
And we never did finish that poll about which ethnic groups smells the worst
Did we start it? I'm thinking about it
See the curry I don't want to start on the Indian people
No, we have a few Indians who will be shown and they're wonderful people
I'm sure maybe some of them are some of might be asked murders. I don't know
But that curry I think that the diet doesn't the diet has a way with the powers you are what you eat
Is it green what you eat?
So in other words if we call Joseph Gackie old penis face
I guess that might give us a little insight as to his dietary regime
56705 60 pound five 60 on the 18t and Verizon wireless line on a really spastic Monday and a bottom line is we don't care
George already got his stub
Yeah, I'm getting paid on Thursday and clearance those to check them well better be there or else Friday's gonna be a day off
So that's that's the way it works we don't care here's Coral Springs hello
Good one
Here's a call from Kendall hello
Okay
Okay, good. I hope you enjoyed it
Eat it with relish
Here's Coral Gables hello
Hmm, oh, and they're out there today, baby. They're the only way to obvious, huh? I guess we had that one call
We have one real call today. No, well, we had a couple
Nobody under the age of 100 though five six seven oh five sixty. Here's a call from Lantana. Hello
Neil, I'm under 100 my ladder call. Yes, sir. Oh beautiful. Uh first time call. It'll be general with me
I want to
Yeah, Jfk
Jfk is excellent, but it's the only problem is he was on one of the previous polls. He's a politician scene
Well, that don't work. Don't work
How about Marilyn Monroe?
Uh actors don't work. Have a great day pal
I don't want to have him do three strikes on his first call. I would have been bad
Now see who's your favorite all-time dead person not on the previous polls
In other words, not an actor actress politician or musician those are the three previous pools of dead people
Okay, and I think it's appropriate. We're doing dead people today. Oh, we're fine. Yeah, because it sounds like we're not that had placed to me
Mean time to pull on the internet's getting phenomenal response on there, but on the year it's like oh, it's Monday
You don't understand Neil and it's raining up there. Yeah, that's got a lot to do with it
Here's a call from Ford Lauderdale. Hello
Neil yes, sir. How you doing, bud? Pretty good. That one for you Paul. Okay
Man who saved many a fat person Dr. Robert Atkin excellent choice
There you go. How could we forget Dr. Bob and number two little obscure
My dad
Okay, thank you. That's sweet. That's what Paul Peterson said my dad remember that no
Paul Peterson I remember that song that cornball record my dad
Oh
Put that out of my head. What show is he on Paul Peterson?
Are we gonna have to do all this oldie moldy stuff? This is not good. We don't have to not good for the demographic
Well, I'm doing it because that's all I know is old stuff. Because I'm an old fart
Okay, if you want to do if you want to be a young whipper snapper and interject like about all the shows that were in the Emmys last night
Would you didn't watch you don't watch hand those shows anyway? I'll snap my whipper. Okay
Snap your magic whipper froggy and then what they used to say buster brown and divine remember him. No
Fat and you want to know what else dead? Yeah
Just a coincidence. Yeah
Here's a call from Kendall. Hello
Hey, look, how you doing? Okay, sir
Well, he's got to start to throw my thunder there. I was gonna say Robert. I can also
Um, but I also want to compliment you on the about week ago. You had a comment about a poll with
I think what's most known as funniest skits I've heard in my
Miss Gia rated for these years when you said about the Orson well thing
Yeah, no, I don't
And you said about Orson well, you said it's pulling up my foot right now, you know, and
George started laughing hysterically
Huh, I wish I had a written that down, you know, it's hope
Yeah
I got almost I spoke to shadow highway, but I was like the best thing for uh, I want to run with the men or
Dr. Agents like
You said you look a good job. Okay, don't fall down man
That's the lesson we learned from Dr. Rackens even if we can't lose anyway. Don't fall down exactly
Okay, have a great day, palmy
Well, I wish I knew that Orson well's line, you know, Scott remembers that he said
What was it? Orson well is on my poll
Oh, that's the one. Yeah, that's when everybody's there losing it. Now that's not exactly something like that
Yeah, something about Orson well's my ass. Well, whatever what
Four minutes to noon at 560 W. Hey, listen, we don't care like I said
We're just here to try to help you kill a few hours every day to make some serious money and then that's it
All right, not gonna change the world like some people on the year. Oh, yeah, but I mean
But I'm about to buy you an all of a sudden bull crap all this bag of wind that comes to the speaker all these
900-year-old bullfight to see the good part of it is the reason that that kind of radio died is that all the people that were into it most of them died
That's why there's no more W snooze. That's why there's no more those though. Hey, well, maybe light bulb junior
We don't even know the call others anymore
No, light bulb junior like Norma Kent for example, whatever she's on
Throttles
Four minutes till noon. Oh, I'm speaking of being on Orson well's ass, but that's another story for another day
How's Al Goldstein doing by the way you're good close personal friend
By now you being here me talk a lot about laminits arussian how laminated wood flooring from laminits arussian is the easy low maintenance alternatives natural of flooring
Am I right? Of course
laminits arussian is the best place for you to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in the universe
They got them all pirator or pergol Wilson art unifloor and quickstep all the top names all installed by people who really know
There's stuff pergol certified installers
Here's another great reason to call laminits arussian because their prices are so low
They will probably flow you'll be on the flow in no time at all right now
You can get their September kickoff special for just
1995 bucks. That's correct
Just 1995 dollars gets you up to
380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring it is positively amazing and laminits arussian
And illegitimate written offer to you can't beat him with your stick for a free and home estimate call laminits arussian
1-877-773336 I told you that gas sex is fantastic
What could be easier free carpet disposal free furniture moving a 25-year warranty in years and years of beautiful easy care
Lennon wood flooring column today and fell metal
Trust in the authority to call lamin to rust 1-877-7733-36
You
Hey, I'm from our early enough
Ross late men and I like scrubbing my snelid real ass with soap made from jewels and listening to the near
Okay, I'm gonna Easter hour
Oh
J mousse he conquered television he conquered movies well sort of and now he's conquering the world of heavy metal
It's bull michael sings as he
Yes, America's favorite mousse pays tribute to America's favorite reality TV dad as he has worn in
Bullwinkle sings Aussie featuring such bantler banging classics as war moussens
Hey
Just like which is that like
Hmm, what's today's wrong writing dictionary
When a classic cartoon character meets a classic rocker who's become a living cartoon
You get full winkle sings Aussie with songs it equals you to hear
Mike
And you want to come home with this CD it's full winkle sings Aussie
I'm going up the waves on a crazy train
Get the dog away with fake best of all you don't need a permit to hunt down this collection
Make a mousse call to your local record store and pick up a copy today
Come on three somebody says mark Twain Sammy or Langhorne's clemen
I
Mark Twain's on her right away. Sure. Why not?
Nobody ever talks about mark Twain no more you know enough. Why not?
Right out of sight out of mind because they're illiterate because they're reading and culture's book stuff like that for morons what's he done lately?
5670560 pound 560 on the 18 team for rise and world was lying better take some of these calls there might be some real look calls on here. Here's book. Hello
Hello, yes sir. Hey Neil. How about the father of modern sexuality you have?
Is dead
Hey, don't know to be dead, doesn't he?
Who is your all-time favorite dead person on not on the previous polls? Have a great day, Palli? No, he doesn't have to be but it would help if it fit on a poll
We could wait around here. How about you say? You think we got two more hours. We could wait
Yeah, he might be dead by the time it gets his name on a poll. That's a possibility
Why sure hope he didn't say anything ex-rated
He wear this morning she was talking about stroke a her pet or pet her something
Self, oh they might not say anything. We just like cook and lunch
I'm playing boy TV. Okay, well, we don't have time for that. Okay, I'd rather put on iron chef and I'd rather die before I put that on
Okay, anyway 56705 60. How about you have there? What do you say? How about um, Al Goldstein?
Yeah
Yeah, here's the call from Kendall. Hello. Ron Jeremy. How about that one? Yeah, there you go. Hey Neil God
Yes, I just want to vent Neil. I'm so tired of this hair reporting about these Peter Pan idiots
They haven't given anything back to the community. They haven't given anything back to the Catholic Church. So what are you talking about?
All these Peter Pan is in the article today in business Monday talking about these Peter Pan people that supposedly were successful
I'm not giving anything back to the order of the day. The Peter Pan people who are those?
Mary Martin these Cubans I got saved. Okay, great. Well have a great day on a way out. Oh
My god five six seven oh five sixty outcome. He's listening isn't rush on now at noon. Yeah
Started right he should rush right over there. You missed it man. You ought to rush to that dial again. I you're on the wrong show
Let's see. What does this say 850 AM all sports all today today. It is
Uh, well, what does that mean? What is it makes more sense? You read who it's from
I can't read the name on the bottom. Sure you can't turn it upside down
Turn it upside down. I can't make out what does that say? No, I can't
Oh Jesus
Why don't you stop? Why don't you leave me alone every other talk post in America worth is waiting
And salt is syndicated and what am I sitting here on a guy that made believe radio station with equipment that doesn't work
You know what with bullcrap
850 AM all sports all today today it is
Cody Rimmer can't all on so far. Well, what does that mean?
Who cares
The man just refuses to that he's not a broadcaster. He's not a baseball player. He's never gonna be he's certainly not a broadcast agent. Oh Jesus Christ
And don't call me norm do not call here again. He called me about a week or so ago just uh just the
Foragoration purposes
All right, he did call the other day with some good news relatively good news. He could have sent me a facts
Don't know call here send me a facts. I don't want to hear this out of your voice mr. Broadcaster silly person
Just like I was talking about before light bulb radio with their 95-year-old people. Oh, we're broadcasters. Well broadcasters
Right
Let me read this article by our less pain
Okay, let's paint in more joy
His first bad grade this is in yesterday's news day
He says is the ones of the Iraq War blow against the sitting U.S. President a four-star general flips his service camp into the ring
This general were told is starsly against the war this apparent oxymoron general Wesley Clark is no longer a general
It's amazing what clarity a tiny civilian suit can bring to generals after WW2 general Dwight
Eisenhower lost his taste for battle got himself elected president then warned the nation against the military
Industrial complex prior to his west point days Eisenhower turns out had been terminally influenced by his pacifist mother
Clark it appears came gung ho out of the womb after west point
He led a mechanized infantry unit in Vietnam got a serious purple heart and Jrian struggle successfully away his terminal limp in
Rehabilitation earning his first start age 43. He went on to command NATO forces hammering of Kosovo
Kosovo was not quite a war just as Iraq is not quite a piece still Clark was forced to retire and rethink his commitment to battlefield shock and awe
With eight draftivating candidates and one indecisive war hero the humvee of the democratic party
Hasn't yet gained traction against the Iraq war that bush tricked the country into along with the candidates who serve in Congress
U.S. soldiers continue to die daily in Iraq yet the complicit Democrats can't capitalize on his growing disaster
They authorized in walks Clark whose handlers would have us believe that his clean hands are against the Iraq war
The general is telegenic and a two tonics sort of way lean trim with an easy smile
He's also said to be raw-nerved and vicious and intelligent
So to support his last claim one childhood friend because that he never got less than an a on his report card
Many a straight-A reputation has fallen down upon examination, but this one stands pending examination
His west point record however is not a dispute of the 579 cadets in his 1966 class Clark graduated number one
Off the battlefield few generals who led their west point class have made much of a name for themselves in political life
General Douglas MacArthur who led his 1903 class of 93 comes to mind
But only as a world war two hero and self-absorbed potential presidential disaster
George Patton was 46th of 103 cadets in his 1909 class
William Westmore and the American commander in Vietnam was 112th of 276 and not surprisingly
Alexander Hague graduated near the bottom of his 1947 class at 214th of 310
The one general to make it to the White House last century was Eisenhower
Who in his 1915 Westpoint class ranked 61st out of 164
As a former army officer, let me state that academic brilliance is his valid or invalid a measurement of intelligence in the military
As it isn't civilian life however, Clark's Westpoint ranking suggests not only an egghead, but a bookworm sole committed to the art of war
The self-same warrior would have us believe conveniently that he's opposed to the Iraq war
Fortunately, Wesley Clark has a written record and that record is with so much of his broadcasted abuse is murky on the Iraq issue
In a series of columns for the times of London, Clark raised personal concerns about the wisdom of attacking with insufficient forces
Initially, he also advised that the US should exhaust all means to go in with international support
Clark lost all cautions however after the Western Britain stormed into a wreck under the deception
That Sodom Hussein had weapons of mass destruction weapons that the former NATO commander was convinced to say and owned
Under the April 10th times headline what must be done to complete a great victory
Clark enthused liberation is at hand
Liberation the powerful bomb that justifies painful sacrifices in the year
Yet a bit more work and some careful reckoning need to be done before we take our triumph
Triumph indeed is the note Clark sounded throughout the column at one point
He praised Bush and Blair for their steely resolve and essentially going it alone
His visions in the column suggested ecstasy and celebration not to doubt and opposition is handlers and our generating
Let's have those parades on the mollum downtown constitution avenue, but don't demobilize yet Clark wrote
There's a lot yet to be done and not only by the diplomats
Clark reportedly has never finished second anything
He's not likely to finish second among the 10 Democrats
He's also not likely to finish first the question on the generals are back policy is how can he possibly get an a
Pretty interesting a sharp by less paid in the yesterday's news day
And of course that'll probably rattle the cages some of the old cockers that were out there at the deli damn last week
Getting all enthused and whipping it up to a frenzy you know i'm talking about oh yeah exactly
All the old eight k's in Hollywood maybe they thought they were given like three bagels in the and dill they were
Could be didn't that guy kill him saw dill
11 past noon at 560 w.k.y
And if you're underpaid if you're working in a really crappy job
And you seem like you're on a treadmill your life that you're spinning your wheels
But you're not going anywhere making any progress. How'd you like to have yourself a new high paying computer career before the end of this year
All you have to do to get yourself started is get on the fast train
That's right column today tool free
1 866 fast train they can have your train and certified before years end the demand for computer professionals
Continuous to grow. There's no better time than right now to get you that new high paying career fast train offers job placement assistance
Convenient day evening weekend schedules and there are now our six floater locations including four in sound floater
So there's about to be one close by where you are fast train offers financial assistance for people to qualify too
So if you want to say goodbye to your did and job and your did and boss call fast train today
Tool free and get yourself some training in a real career and paycheck that goes with it
1 866 fast train column today
Check them out of the web first at fast train.com and then call that toll free number 1 866 fast train
Rogers
I
Don't know
I
Don't know
I don't know
I don't know
So deep in your eyes
It's
out
Crazy
Cops 16 at 560, Archivist sitting on the edge of your chair waiting for the court to
decide later today about the California vote.
Oh yeah, keep the channel right on there.
Right.
Hang on a, this fact you just sent me from a board in Bokers grade.
Yeah.
And it goes to show the depth of hysteria.
See, this is why we're doing it again today.
The last of our series of polls on dead people just to piss off moment.
It looks like it's working.
Absolutely.
It says Neil, most fire reports on Moe have been silly, but last night's dolphin broadcast
bears repeating that often's won the coin to us with the receiving team.
Charlie Rogers caught the ball.
It made about a 20 yard gain.
Moe went on the comment, well, there's at least there's one Roger's in this town who
can do something right.
All right.
Silence.
Mad Dog is speechless.
Now, keep in mind, this is on the Miami Dolphin football network.
OK.
Right.
At least there's one Roger's in this town who can do something where Mad Dog's speech
was silence.
However, sometime close to halftime, Moe made an observation on the game and Mad Dog said,
that's not the way things are done here, Mr. Lamot.
Silence.
Now, Moe is speechless.
I guess Mad Dog really does have a pair.
Perhaps George could find that dropper was great.
How do you like that?
Just when you thought he was on as as for your polices, I think Henry Ford should be on it.
He's on it.
Think about it.
In fact, we can change the pool now.
Eric, the first one, 412, which should Caucasian only clubs and groups be permitted.
Why not?
Their groups for minorities, 212, 51.4%.
Not in schools are publicly funded places.
66.
It seems a bit clannish with a K. 63.
Will blood tests be necessary?
41.
And the answer is, and absolutely not.
It's bigotry.
37.2% of you think it's bigotry for a white only club.
Anyway, he says, as for your pool, I think Henry Ford should have wanted to think about
it.
If Ford hadn't invented the card, there'd be no SUVs.
No reason to invade Iraq and no money for Cheney and Bush.
Oh, they'd find it out the way.
Cheney and Pearl and Wolfowitz and that crowd of grave robbers.
Those far missing the right wing claim.
I think Richard Pearl is Jewish, isn't he?
Oh, I'm positive about it.
Well, he's one of those Jews for Israel.
5.6705.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Your all-time favorite dead person, not on those previous pools.
And we're not going to, if you're not into those other previous pools, don't know what
it is, then lay out.
Do they have to be dead?
Well, you have to be good.
Dr. Robert Atkins, who taught us not only how to lose weight, but also don't slip and
fall on an icy sidewalk and don't hit your head or your date.
The thanks for calling, lady, Faye, Barbara Kampenman.
Why am I putting her Barbara Kampenman on his career?
I'm not really any of those.
It's probably we'll do it anyway just to make that guy happy.
Ben Franklin, Thomas Edison, Albert Einstein, Walt Disney, Carl Sagan.
And Wayne, the outer ages of universe.
Charles Darwin, Sigmund Freud, Alfred, he sounded like he was constipated during that whole
narration on Cosmos.
It sounded like he hadn't had a good BM in years.
Billions and billions of years.
Billions and billions of years.
Between his last good turn.
Sigmund Freud, in that effect, really, can you think of Carl Sagan having a bomb move?
But it's just, I don't know.
It just seems unscengely for an intellectual guy like him.
But if he did, he'd analyze it closely.
Probably.
Maybe, pick through it.
Sigmund Freud, Alfred Kinsey, Henry Ford, Robert Fulton, the old steamboat guy, steamboat
Willie, and Mark Twain.
And that's it.
We don't sure how many on here do we?
When we did Thursday, I don't remember what that was.
It was so damn important.
Well, because this is historical and that one was political, the music won no problem.
We had like an endless list.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hi.
I have someone for your poll.
OK.
Dave Thomas.
Dave Thomas.
We wouldn't have Wendy's.
We wouldn't have all those clog arteries without Dave Thomas.
There you go.
We love Wendy's.
I love Wendy's too.
Thanks, Neil.
You're sad.
The only thing that pisses me off is that every now and then they come up with some
special new thing and it's so good and you love it and then they discontinue it.
There you go.
Yeah.
Thanks.
Thanks.
OK.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
Thank you.
That's my kind of girl right there.
She hates salad.
She wants the big triple cheese with bacon and lettuce and all kinds of good.
You know, maybe when they figure out how to fry salad, then that would be good.
They probably they're probably working on it right now.
I'll tell you one thing.
If you do eat there enough, you'll be fried.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean, how can there be any comparison?
You know, seriously, to show I guess it's more expensive, right?
What Wendy's the McDonald's are booger.
Oh, yeah.
Of course.
You get no comparison.
Anybody with any kind of taste whatsoever?
Anybody with taste buds that are operating would tell you when these is like heads and
shoulders.
I mean, because you want to know why?
Because they boil the meat.
Because it's juicy.
It's just dripping with fat.
I'm not talking about which is better for you.
I mean, that's that's up to you.
You know, they actually make it fresh.
They really do.
You can check.
Well, you say they make it fresh, but if you go through some of those Wendy's drive
through is later than I what they do.
Yeah, you never know.
Is they like cook them earlier and they like send them off to the side and then they
reheat them back on the oven again.
You know, back on the grill.
Right.
And in too much of a thrill when they reheat it on the grill.
But at any rate and blueberry hill, how about fat stomino?
And that's right.
He's still alive.
Let's do that again.
Oh, seriously?
Is there and why do people eat at Burger King?
I mean, McDonald's is not good, but at least you know what it's going to be.
Right.
Burger King.
I'm sorry.
I just for the life of me, there's no reason that those people ought to be in business.
It's rubber.
No, it's rubber.
Their burgers come through a conveyor belt and they're rubber.
You could drive your guy to him car on it about 80 miles.
Just get for it.
Just get for a whopper's man.
There you go.
Look him up to your hubcaps.
You're home.
Homey.
One of the back for a spare.
Right.
That's right.
Get five to go.
Get a double whopper with cheese.
I only need one to go though.
I'm serious.
Burger King is crap.
Their onion rings are an insult to the intelligence of human race.
They're nasty.
They're like little tiny.
They're like turd.
They're onion turds.
With breaded.
They're like about 90% breading and they're like maybe if you look real hard, there's
like a little bit of onion inside.
It's onion in quotes.
Right.
Cheese is cake, Christ man.
Burger King.
Mlow's.
Those of you people out there don't want to cry.
And I have some good news.
Todd Dreck finally gave me some good piece of news.
Our good friends at Vic and Irv's in Fort Lauderdale getting good response.
That's good to hear.
You don't have to be from Rochester to enjoy a good Rochester White Hut or any of the
other good stuff there.
Would all like a Rochester hot sauce on it.
Mmm.
Terrier Kishki's out.
But it's good.
So glad to hear that.
And you know what it reminded me of?
I was thinking about this before.
When I first came to QAM, first of all, I shocked them by saying that before I started
it on the year, I want to have a sit down meeting with the sales department.
They were just astonished.
Like, what could that possibly be about?
You know?
Yeah.
And then I shocked them even more.
I told them about how I wanted to have those client response sheets for our live endorsement
spots.
What are you talking about?
And they looked at me like, are you crazy?
In other words, you really care about whether you get response for their clients or not?
Now, that lasted for about what?
30 minutes.
How many minutes?
We had a few of those and then they like laughed it off and said, screw you, it's too much
work we can't be bothered.
So when Todd Greck actually gave me a client response this morning from a Vick and Irv's,
it was like a breath of fresh air, especially coming from a putts like Todd, who generally
speaking, doesn't give a crap.
He was just sucking around.
Here's a call from Hollywood.
Hello?
Hey, Neil.
I'll send my way to Miami Springs right now.
But the deli thing, I never got a chance to make it.
Sorry, Zell, I wanted to go there.
I wanted to see what was going on.
Number two, general clerk or any other general, any guy, it doesn't matter what his grade
standard was in West Point or the Naval Academy.
Some of the low balls that actually had pretty good military careers.
But some of the other guys, they were number one in the class and where were they?
You still living?
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'm not so Jewish, but I make my living selling coach or booth.
You know how delis like to make celebrity sandwiches?
Yeah.
Like the Neely Burger and the DAK, well, they've been asking me forever, they want to make
a Celia cruise sandwich.
But nobody supplied a ferocious meat.
Okay.
5.6.7, I need to go all of that time and I come up with that.
5.6.7.0, 5.60, orders the Sabers beaten the Leafs in the next division game.
4.2, last night, the air candidate.
Three all.
Some more.
Leafs in Montreal, tomorrow's that what he just said.
Okay.
I don't know.
Tree hockey intensive already.
Panthers scored nine goals in their first exhibition this game.
Then they got their ass kicked by Colorado in the second game.
Any interest net yet?
Well, we got the Marlins Marlins.
I guess I should probably give the schedule out.
We got so much heavy duty crap going on today.
Like that last call.
Mad Dog at two, the mad dog who called now.
What did he call him again?
I already schmitkin that facts.
He called him, let's see, I got it right here.
Mr. Lamot.
Oh, that kind of like pie alamo in it.
I'd like to see like a big chocolate cream pie, pie alamo.
Round top of his evolved spot.
You have to hop where it's you'll as 4 to 7 to 7.
Preceding the big, big Marlins on deck at 7 Marlins at the brave 735 last game.
And that's serious.
Any camp at the baseball game?
Joe and Mark with their lowly rated show overnight, 2 to 5 and a.m.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on, I guess I better vote on the new pool.
New pool is up.
The main of head of the day.
It's like in boxing, you know, they have to prelims and then they have the main bow.
Right.
No doubt.
Well, let's see, I pick Ben Franklin.
Somebody as well vote for him right because I still say electricity man has got it all
beat without electricity.
What the hell with Thomas Edison have had to work without electricity?
If you wouldn't have gone on float, float that kite.
We got just a few votes on here.
Walt Disney's got five.
Carl Siggins got four.
Ben Franklin's got four.
Nice going, Ben.
Go fly it again, maybe.
The thanks for calling.
Maybe he's got three Charles Dowell.
Dow one's got three.
Mark Twain, two one for Dave Thomas, one for Barbara Campanman, one for Albert Einstein,
one for Siggin Freud, one for Dr. Bob Atkins.
And nobody else got none.
But that's 2026 votes.
Just went up there.
New poll.
OK, hop on it.
And don't forget tomorrow, 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. are the lovely Miguel will be at the computer
technology showcase at the Brewer County Convention Center.
Just look for the, well, is he going to be an event or what?
Inside going to be inside, huh?
Inside inside inside.
Oh, the best of you will be there.
Plus maybe some of the old CDs, the Mohawar David of Keychain and some of the Mad Dog
Keychains, whatever we have left over and those are going fast to food.
And you can spend the prize wheel for Marlon Tickets to go by there and spin at Ville.
Probably be the most exciting thing that happens to all year long in South Florida.
27 past noon at 560 WQM.
If you're on the Atkins diet, speaking of the late great Dr. Bob, my close personal friend,
you know, he autographed one of the books for me personal.
Yeah, I knew that.
I watched.
Do you think it's worth a few bucks now?
About 30, man.
If you're on one of those low carb diets like the Atkins or the Suzanne Summers, I still
say, why couldn't it have been her on the sidewalk?
You know, I mean, that's cruel.
But if we had to choose between her and Dr. Bob, because she's just a ripoff artist,
she just stepped out on a bandwagon.
Here's the great story to fight all kinds of low carb snacks and goodies.
Delights the West Book of the number one low carb store in the universe over 900.
I bet you they got over a thousand and maybe one of these days, Troy will give me some
new copy.
By the way, I apologize to Skippy.
I thought this was your account.
It's another one that Troy the boy just inherited picks up the commission and just sits
back in waxes his ball spot.
And Delights check out the new low carb instant cup of soup.
Just add water, pop it in the microwave for low carb meal and a cup for delicious flavors.
They outrageously delicious low carb muffins for a quick breakfast.
They got your own individual size little cheesecake, low carb hot cocoa, apple cider,
blindies and brownies.
Delights has got an incredible selection of low carb pasta sauces, dressings, chips, chocolate,
their famous carbolite ice cream, juli's low carb peanut brittle.
And make you think of stuckeys, stuckeys, stuckeys, stuckeys.
Carbohydrate drink chocolate vanilla shakes.
By the way, my stokey died Friday.
The at last brand chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars with no malt at all to keep you off
the can and those delicious almond snack cakes in six different flavors.
In other words, to make a long story short, all kinds of things to help you stay on your
low carb diet.
You can try anything in the store before you buy it too.
And don't forget all Atkins brand's products are on sale all day, every day even on
Chivuas at Delights of West Booker, they're open daily 10 to 10.
You'll find the lights on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market,
column pull free at 1-877 Low carb or shop them on the web at lowcarb.com.
My name is Law.
This is 420-0-560.
You will.
But for the flagship station.
Yes, it was on Saturday morning and exactly now four, but nothing could prepare me when
I've not found Riley's door.
He was frowns, he was groovy and in fact, he never shaved.
He was just about to put a can into the microwave.
I used the bathroom and he said he didn't care and he was reading the.
You know what?
That's not the one I wanted to play.
Oh, wow.
I just did that last week.
I'll bring you a party.
Which one did you want to play?
I saw Jesus.
Oh, stick, oh, I'll go by the way.
I saw Him, oh, my pop up, no, there is a seed in my cow.
Oh, my friend, think of us and let the red neck bar.
Oh, I saw Jesus.
I saw Jesus, oh, stick, oh, I'll go by the way.
I saw Him in my shaving cream so I let Him on my face.
When I went to work, I looked like a jerk and I was fired in the street.
Driving home, I was all alone, thinking someone's playing tricks on me.
But in the near future, I could see Jesus.
He's staring back at me.
He's my soul, Jesus, oh, stick, oh, I'll go by the way.
I saw Him in my pop up, no, there is a seed in my car.
Oh, my friend, think of us and the red neck bar.
Oh, I saw Jesus, oh, stick, oh, I'll go by the way.
Oh, I saw Jesus, oh, stick, oh, I'll go by the way.
I saw Him in my pop up, no, there is a seed in my car.
I saw Him in my pop up, no, there is a seed in my car.
I saw Jesus in my pop up, no, there is a seed in my car.
Oh, my friend, think of us and the red neck bar.
Oh, I saw Jesus in my pop up, no, there is a seed in my car.
Oh, I saw Jesus in my pop up, no, there is a seed in my car.
I heard of that great Carl Allen Trautler, Moll Bandy, I've got you to know.
Traut 35 at 560, look who's leading our poll right now.
Who's your all time favorite dead person not on the previous polls?
Okay, we've been doing dead people for a few days kind of like quasi-moto
Thanks for calling in fact, you know something maybe that's what the Clarissata try
Thanks for calling ladies got 13
See Ben Franklin 11 Dave Thomas 9 all before I finish reading the poll
I'm inspired for tomorrow's poll see it doesn't take too much to get me going on the food
Okay, I know we've done this before but it's been a long time
The best fast food chain is
Okay, okay, we'll do that tomorrow. I will save the other one for later in a week
The other one the straight brown eye
Oh, here's T. R. North Miami says I'll get don't let me forget about the poll the United Negro College fun
Ghost to support historically black colleges and universities these school have an open enrollment and any race of student is welcomed
Well, so what would be wrong with the United Caucasian way of what college fun with the same policies
The schools allow students who otherwise might not qualify to attend other public or private universities a chance for higher education at a reduced cost
In short the term Negro in the UNCF for first of what schools are historically a number of these schools are no longer majority
Africa and American
Some of that is going to be definition of these terms and in fact many specific colleges and schools of these institutions
Which receives support of the ones you have our majority white will I'll be
More so statistics like only a two and a half percent of American positions were African American and really all of them had been trained at one of
the two historically black colleges and university Howard or Mary indicate not only the historical value but current necessity of these colleges
View it starkly what harm came for a come from companies who donate to us. I don't think there's any harm from it
Lastly is there a significant difference between UNCF and the Heritage Fund at Titan American funds Jewish Hill L
Fund conservative Christian was funds there are thousands of racially restricted scholarships
UNCF is different in that funds a class of institutions not a class of individuals got it?
No
In closing Cisco had zero to do with rap was never a rap star never performed on a rap tour
I know who he is. He's got a bad hairdo. He's got that silver awful. He's young black and condensed
But he never is nor was hip hop rap he was trick. They pop back. Well if he didn't own that he shouldn't the shot anybody
This is a love video, but sometimes you're a wee bit out of touch with a dark side of things and you know what?
Thank God for that. I don't touch the dark side. Okay. I believe it. I heard whatever you like. Oh, I'm not saying I haven't word
Not too dark though. I have I have like a meter I carry around with me
Most seriously if it's like over the medical monitor Richter scale. I the meter goes on
Right exactly like when you cross over to Niagara Falls
Thank you very much the art. I was very informative and like I said the hook here's okay
So we got 16 for the thanks for calling ladies Ben Franklin's got 13
Walt Disney 11. I think all of us white folks are out of touch on the dark side wouldn't you?
Sure to next start well
Well, many of you don't understand you're more in touch because you got all them dark drug dealers
But that's beside a point. But they were Jamaicans. They don't count
Walt Disney 11 Dave Thomas 10. I'm impressed by that. Aren't you?
Okay, I'm glad that lady that the chronic regular lady called in Dave Thomas. We miss you Dave
But he still left us his fat Wendy's behind, you know, I don't think she's that fat and I missed I missed
Those spots that he used to remember when he was driving a race car sky. Right. They were great
Yes, those were great spots if you say so don't eat my sandwich
You didn't like those spots. Oh, you probably don't like Wendy's maybe you're a Burger King guy
I like the old days. It's it. Where's the beef?
That was Clara Pellar. She's dead too. Let's book her up and now we don't
Where is the beef?
She was cute
Carlin and then she had a good point to you look at some of those little burgers the McDonald's. Oh my goodness
You take away the bun to see that's why I eat them I eat them atkin style. So I like use the bun as a holder
All right, yeah, sometimes Karen said sometimes it's good to use your bun as a holder
That's in the eye that beholder. I'm having a hard enough time
No, but Carl Sagan 7 Mark Twain 6 Charles Darwin 5 Dr. Bob Ackens 3
Time with Albert Einstein. I don't like that too good Jewish boys. Although Albert never fell down
Sigmund Freud 1 see you know what that makes me very grateful because you realize that fall I had an Amsterdam few years ago
About three years I think could have killed you could have killed me and especially on a cobblestone man
If you could see where that is right in the middle of the red light district pointed out with those really nasty
Hookers, I mean nasty cobblestones
Seriously, no, I'm not gonna hookers man. She came out. She was very nice to me
That dark-complicated the hooker lady. She was she was great
Oh, Mr. Eublie, you got to come inside and she took me in and like washed me off and the whole deal
I got on the tram and went back to my apartment just about collapsed the my head was spinning
But the good thing is I had see unlike Dr. Bob I was carrying his briefcase. I was carrying nothing
So I just like used my hands to brace my fall didn't hit my chin on a cobblestone though didn't break no teeth
But I had like blood running down my nose. I was a sight more so than usual
And so all I do was break that little bone and I had that split on for a long time
And then I went to that one guy that the nurse put the split on two tight and damn your caused the gangrene and the lost me
I remember that
Boy, I don't want to mention his name on the ear Dr. Berkowitz
1241 well, I mean he's he was okay, but his nurse was like a little bit too carried away
Maybe she didn't like me. I don't know she put the name
Splinn on my finger so we had to tie the circulation stuff all the way my armpit
19 till one at five sixty W. Kim it's a rough life if you don't weaken
That's what my always says you know mine, don't you?
Yeah, that's what she says. She's jealous though cuz my irritable bowel
Cosme to have like just this week
Problem it's and it's only Monday. She's very jealous of that. He wants to do another
She only wishes that she could crap as much as I do
Announcing and this is no crap a 2003 neo-roger's blowout sale
You know what they say at the hell of potty out?
We didn't down blown it out. It's going on right now at hell at pundit at GMC get the lowest prices anywhere for my good
Close personal buddies Tom lemon and Joe Prieto neo-deo number one save up to
$7,000 with the highest rebates of the year plus deep deep discounts that reach way down into your pantaloonies
neo-deo number two get 0% financing for up to five years and you can lease a
2003 Pontiac Grand Prix GT 2 at hell at right now for just
$279 a month for 36 months with 12,000 miles a year and just 2,000 bucks out of your pocket
That's right. You pay only 279 a month even Scott someday will be able to afford that someday not soon
Hell it's also got great deals on you kinds and it all these two of course halots also as you know
I've got a great selection of certified pre-owned car starts as you've used you won't find a single lemon on the lot
Maybe a fruit or two but no lemons and if you worried about your credit
If you have a blemish or two here in there on your pushing on your credit to it's not a problem at hell
Because the whole idea when you get on a lot over there is they want to cut you a deal they'll work with you
It's the 2003 neo-ranges blowout sale going on now at hell at potty ag GMC and you'll find them in the same place
They've been making unbeatable deals for 35 plus years
134 or one South Dixie highway that's you was run across in the falls open every day seven days a week
One more info on these spectacular deals called the meal deal hotline. It's full free one triple eight
534412 and no forget all the all the other credit approval
See our good folks and halop 4 details and halop potty ag GMC who are professional great
That's what I say has that for a funny show idea if I may borrow a phrase from the great model
Hello there everybody in paradise land. I'm Howard David
I hope you'll join me each and every Friday for my forget about it
Show that's what I open the phone lines to all three of my regular low-income
Coralers and let them venture on what's bothering them? I was up all night dreaming this one up at first
I thought I'd go in with hand puppets like a sandy becker or maybe a pole to a wolf a quick quick
But management and I agree this will be a real showstopper now
I run a family type show here so I don't want no references the fixed gigabose or baggage is guzzlers other than that
I promise you a hilarious decaf any a high jeans and open
Conversation forget about it Friday that goes for listening to five sixty WQ a.m
Absolutely 1247 and 560 WQM
You know that to me is the epitome of bushliness to be bringing a whole thing into the into the broadcast of a dolphin game a
National football league game with the dolphin network
But that's okay into what I've only once bush leg baby bush leg mull
Court bans religious gifts to classmates all right
Kindergarteners and first-waters may not distribute to their classmates gifts that very religious message
According to a ruling by a federal appeals court. Thank God
Oh God the 30 us circuit court of appeals recently ruled in favor of a New Jersey elementary school in
Forbiting a boy from giving out pencils with a message Jesus loves the little children with a heart similar symbol substituted for the word love
They'll stray
No, the classroom is not a place for student advocacy wrote chief US circuit judge Anthony J. Skarica
Speaking for the court in walls versus aga harbor township board of education. Oh, I love that aga harbor township board
The school he said has a legitimate area of control regarding speech within school confines and the younger the student the more control of school may exercise he added
but
The Charlottesville based Rutherford Institute, which is representing Daniel Waltz. I wonder if he's kin to Jack Waltz
You think no
How do you know? Oh, I don't get how many day go get any what grease ball come out of the woodware
Which is representing Daniel Waltz now nine plans to appeal the case to a full-benture 12 judges of third circuit and have necessary to the US Supreme Court
The recent unanimous ruling which was handed down August 27th was made by three judges at stakes had Rutherford
President John White it is constitutionally protected speech
He called the third circuit ruling a dangerous trend ride. I call it the 9-11 fallout
He said the courts as the schools have complete authority to decide what they want said if they don't like a kid's religion
They can pick the kid pick on the kid or if a black kids his Martin Luther King was the greatest person alive if a teacher didn't like that
He could just kick the message out
This idea that we have to watch everything and given the authorities power country
It's a long line of supreme court cases
Mr. Whitehead said even if the first amendment is involved the third circuit is saying control control control goes to the schools
The case began April 98 when Daniel then four and his pre-cindergarten classmates attended a party at school
All the kids brought treats to share Daniel came with the pencils which the teacher confiscated Daniel's mother Dana Walts
Who was in the classroom at the time as a chaperone immediately appealed the matter of the principal the principal assistant superintendent
And superintendent said Daniel could distribute the pencils only during
Non-instructional time because they didn't want the school to be held responsible for endorsing Christianity
All right fairy tales
In December 98 when Daniel and his kindergarten classmates and another party at the school Mrs. Walts
Con-contact of the school's lawyer beforehand to obtain permission for Daniel to distribute candy canes with a Christian themed story
Attached you notice the pattern here sure the little proselytizer
She was informed that Daniel could do so only outside the building during his free time
In December 99 Mrs. Walts informed the school that her son wanted to distribute more candy with a Christian message attached to it again
She was turned down the child ended up giving out the candy in the hallway. Oh
Oh aren't they in forging on his rights?
In May 2000 the Rutherford Institute filed a suit on behalf of the child saying his first amendment rights had been violated
In February 2002 US district judge Jerome B. Simon Dale a federal judge based in Camden New Jersey
Side of a school district blaming the mother for being the driving force behind the distribution of those items and in this lawsuit
It was highly unlikely he wrote that then four-year-old Daniel was able to independently read and advocate the dissemination of the message on the pencils
Joe Bentley the lawyer representing the H. Harbour Township School District also said the mother's influence was a problem
The parents were using their classroom to proselytize
He said there's a difference between a kids ability to understand the difference between what's endorsed by the school board
And what's allowed because the school is taking a neutral position?
Is that pathetic or what you far missing a gliman others out there who want to continue trying to pedal crap down people's throat
Keep your fairy tales to yourselves you crazy people you
That's what I have to say to you about what is the Virgin Mary on my window right now Jesus Christ and he's he's coming next week for lunch
I've got all my idea what are freaking country man religious intolerance and of course now you got what is these fascists you got running
It's perfect on their belt buckles. It probably says God is mid wounds
That's what it says what does that mean?
Means it's all a bunch of crap is what it means
It means God is Jewish and don't you ever forget a little spick
By the way, Venezuela military intelligence says overwhelming evidence the CIA plan to bring down
Shavez free as prior plane on route to the wind in New York
You ready for that? No, not details behind the sudden decision to cancel president Hugo Shavez free as next week trip to Washington DC and New York
Deliver speech to the wind are being revealed by security services who say they have overwhelming evidence of a CIA back plan to bring down these Shavez free as air plane during the schedule flight to the west from Caracas
So he decided uh-uh not coming
But we wouldn't do something like that would we?
No
Venezuela president Hugo Shavez free as
How about Fritos and Cheetos
See I think you're full of Cheeto
Oh, I do like a good bro. Oh Taco Bell get that on the right away
I'm just starting my preliminary list right. I don't want to put them all on there
Then that's no fun and takes the ball out of the audience's hands
Taco Bell a Taco Bell might get my vote. I like Taco Bell. I don't know if I like Wendy's better Taco Bell
It's a different thing right and apples and oranges. Yeah, they have apples and oranges at Taco Bell
I wonder if they got them off from Caracas. They probably got them off like some Hispanic
place
Food farm from Caracas with Maracas. No, that's in Brazil with the Hispanic food farm
56705 60 pound 560 on a 18 teen Verizon wireless line
Who is your all-time favorite dead person not on the previous polls in other words not a musician not an actor actress not a politician
Thanks for calling lady 20
Ben Franklin 17 just barely headed Dave Thomas 14. You know, I see great similarity there. Don't you Ben Franklin and Dave Thomas?
House up. You don't think they looked alike
They did wear those goofy little glasses the both of them. Yeah, I and kind of and fat chubby gray hair right
same person I think
Walt Disney 12 Carl Sagan 10 the
intellectual
Albert Einstein 9 who's probably a little more in Charles Darwin a what is there look at that and Mark Twain for
Seven look at that group, huh Carl Sagan Albert Einstein Charles Darwin and Mark Twain
Dr. Robert Akkins for
Thomas Edison 3 small potatoes. I guess I don't know why Thomas Edison was probably the brightest of all of them when you think sure
Genius or asking who's your favorite not the brightest not the best of
Sigma Freud 2 Barbara Kampett men's got a vote. That's probably the old fart that called it in Henry Ford 1
Henry Ford's only got one that's because we don't like all those virulent anti-Semites and
Robert Fulton don't have any out of the first 11 votes. It's just it's just getting going
But we'll add to it. I'm sure one way you think one or two maybe here's for Lauderdale. Hello
And you know how you doing pretty good sir listen. I work for a fast food magazine and
Wendy's not that there's anything wrong with this but Wendy's put strained beef
Baby food in their hamburgers and
Strain beef baby food. Yes. That's what they use to mix in with the ground beef
Give it that nice juicy
You know
You know
And also, you know you talk about the salad and stuff like that and commercial items
You know when sales are flat they do that they have a new kind of sandwich the spike sales up and then after six weeks
They discontinue
They always come up with some fantastic spike right your sandwich that's better and by far and anything else
They got and then after like two months you go back. Oh, we don't have that discontinued well
They'll say that we don't want 37 items on the menu. It's too hard for the staff to make but yeah
You're right and just a point about salads and healthy items of fast food places all the fast food chains across the board
We'll all tell you the lowest selling item on their menu is that healthier items
So we talk to talk but we all really want the fat new bag and all men that's right and one last thing
How about an idea for a poll? You know like people like a fictional people on food packages uncle Ben if I'm a the Quaker
Oatsky my favorite that's a good. That's a fantastic idea. Who's your favorite?
Is it got to be fictional?
Well, they're all fictional aren't they uncle Ben all those guys. I don't know if they're ready crocker
No, there was a buddy crocker. No, there was not there was an alpha crocker. I bet you look at sunrise
It's all fiction. Mrs. Paul, you know, those are all fiction people
Okay, that's your idea. We're gonna we'll do it this week. Thanks. All right. Have a great day. Bye-bye
This is a good idea. We need some new
The good ones right favorite food mascot
For you miss even a good morning there excellent. You can do that tomorrow when you're on
Oh, what?
1257 at five. Well, I'm gonna take a few days off unless we get to that 25 grand
I'm pissed off of that thing that best of the old is going so damn slow you people are so freaking cheap
Wait till the good people get back to town like in whenever they're coming back
25
Yeah
Hey, let me tell you right now if you're seriously want to lose the weight
I mean it's one thing to sit here and talk about picking out which is you know
There's no calories and thinking and talking about it
Balance for life will keep you full and satisfied see that's the key most of these diet programs
You're starving to death all day. They get especially the prepackaged things they have those little teeny tiny cartons or little tiny
cans and man
There's nothing in them. I remember what I used to get that stuff. I used to eat the whole weeks worth in one day
And then wonder okay, what's for dinner?
But with balance for life they give you a little black sack that they deliver right to you every morning
No matter how lazy you are no problem right here
Doe three gourmet meals two delicious snacks are in your black sack and believe you mean
There's enough great fantastic food everything made fresh with the best ingredients to keep you satisfied and full all day long
And obviously that's the key to any program if you're gonna be cheating all the time
What's the point in fact balance for life is the only company that you choose between two alternatives for each one of these meals and snacks every day
You fill out your menu once a week and that's what's in your sack exactly what you want
So if you're sick and tired of being overweight out of shape lethargic diabetic if you're frustrated like so many of us fat parts
That balance for life help you lose the weight like it's doing for the beast and so many of our listening audience out there
Call them today. You'll see results on those scales within just a matter of days called 954
568 3229
954 568 3229 or get more info about their program at balanceforlife.com
This is for radio 560
away
I owe my favorite Republican. This is Matt Drudge and it's time for the excuse me uploading
It's time once again for the Neil Rogers one to two power
go
Good
I'm the big star, I'm getting right you're getting the big star
I'm the big star, I'm the big star
I'm getting right you're getting the big star
Make it fall, make it fall
I'm getting right you're getting the big star
I'm the big star, I'm getting right you're getting the big star
Wow!
Okay, we need any hand, even a go, put my hand down
Untrained, big, go, hot
Big star
The other one, oh now it's about to be making our own
Yeah, two limbs, two feet with the kicker wings
I'm saying, get back in my kicker
I'm getting right you're getting the big star
I'm getting right you're getting the big star
Oh, yeah, I'm the big star, I'm getting right you're getting the big star
Make it fall, make it fall
I'm getting right you're getting the big star
I'm getting right you're getting the big star
I'm getting right you're getting the big star
Make it fall, make it fall
I'm getting right you're getting the big star
Woo, there's nobody!
Let's go back in, let's go!
And we're out, 2015
I'm getting right you're getting the big star
And again, the question
Mmm, McDonalds
McDonalds
Oh
Oh
The pizza
The pizza
In turkey fried chicken in the pizza
The pizza
In turkey fried chicken in the pizza
McDonalds
McDonalds
In turkey fried chicken in the pizza
McDonalds
McDonalds
In turkey fried chicken in the pizza
McDonalds
McDonalds
McDonalds
McDonalds
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
I have a new area
And we dance til' are
Tonight
And I have nobody special for enough
for enough
God mywing in my name's
That is nice
Mottori
Yooow
Uh
Oh
rose
Flamm major
all right 105 at 560 well he didn't take too much so he
took up about that no don't take too much to get us fat folks worked up about
food I'm be telling you that right now let's see who's your favorite all-time
dead person out on our previous dead polls thanks for calling maybe 26
she's a killing them Ben Franklin 20 Dave Thomas doing well nice going
David just changing again 17 she's got 30 now for coming she's got
while business 16 Charles Darwin 12 Carl Sagan tied with Albert Einstein 11
although Albert was less pseudo intellectual Mark 28 Dr Bob
Akkins eight Thomas Edison five Sigmund Freud two Barber
Campanman Henry Ford each have one Robert Fulton don't have any out of 142 votes
he's thinking about it Robert Fulton except that got it called it in
what about George Eastman what about him the picture guy
mother wouldn't have been no he sold a lot of patents
sure he did and it wouldn't have been no Rochester without Eastman Kodak
right right now don't put him on it he's an asshole
oh I do like the Eastman House for the show all the old sound of movies
ever been there no well I guess you probably never been to a Donna Bob's
nope but the good news is you can go to Vic and Herbs right there by the tunnel in
Fort Lauderdale see there's not a little plug for him okay well no I like those guys
because I like the ride the whole Rochester thing is good you know it's just
something about those white hats you've had the white hats from my arles
absolutely it's wrong with that what's not to like
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T for eyes line off we get big game it's
every game now is the game of the year what they got left Scott seven Marlins
Scott what what are the Marlins got left seven games you it us you bozo you
retard the Phillies have six right and say both the blue and Cubs are going to
the to the playoffs I want to take a look because not that I don't trust what
you say but you are generally full of crap thank you let me just take a look at
the astandings here because I want to see the Phillies play tonight or is this
the game that they're making up the Phillies have them night off okay so this is
the even up the schedule and there is a Phillies have one less game so this is the
game in hand so if the Marlins win the night then they take a full one game lead
for the wild card if they lose then they drop back in with flat footed tie with
a Phillies and with a Cubs right on their ass right Cubs win tonight and Marlins
the Cubs will be in first in the wild card oh they will they're that close that
that's that close well see that's what happens when you keep backing in and
backing in so a clearance will make you keep backing in all of a sudden right
away there's somebody right on your ass they at least expected it I'm
getting a paycheck now five six seven air works five six seven oh five
sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's Miami
hello hey how you doing okay sir
how about Ernest Hemingway will be all those drugs down in Key West without him
not only that but you know that when you go like in Florence Italy
yeah and you see what that was an even that bar that the famous bar in Florence
I don't have a place to hang out well whatever the hell was you see his name all over the place
okay excellent choice thank you sir the old man in the sea he was a crappy a crappier
crappy old man but whatever salty dog what that was an salty dog
there was the name of the famous Harry's bar was that it I don't know the crowbar
no the Harry's bar the crowbar maybe was the cactus five six seven oh five
sixty I'm surprised the cactus was none of the facts from Norma Kent by the way
Norma stop promoting competition okay you asshole it sounds like a conflict of interest to me
yeah sounds like a major lawsuit you idiot you professional fag god
here's a cut you know really and truly when you think of all the dead famous people who
didn't fit in the other ones and then this is bitterly disappointing today you know
how many million people could be honest lose at least famous dead people
right in fact I'm surprised none of the bush people have called in the name like Hermann Gehring
somebody like that here's Weston hello hey Neil how you doing pretty good I've got a name
I believe this guy revolutionized the airline industry so I'm going to go with Charles Linberg
okay because I feel you know there's another anti-Semite what's that there's another
virulent anti-Semite there you go that's my vote good vote thanks pal and by the way he did
kidnapped the baby yes he did that was a great book I can't do the name of it you remember did you
read it no but I heard about it saw a story on it yeah though there was a way to get rid of the kid
he did it he done it of course it don't make no difference now but you know all of these things
that happen historically it's just just like these people that believe the religion craft stuff
that's supposedly happened thousands of years ago stuff that happened in our lifetime who killed
JFK who really killed Martin Luther King who really killed cock robin all of these things you know
who killed Batman and Robin we don't have answers for stuff that happened right within most of
our lifetime and we're supposed to believe all these bubble my sees these fairy tales written by
these neanderthals about crap that supposedly happened thousands and thousands of years ago
who had a halodation meant huh obviously a lot of people are making a good buck doing a tax-free
we're in a rob business five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and for
rising wireless line here's Hollywood hello yeah are you doing the most big fan yours big hockey fan
two I went to the dolphin game last night that's what my boys lost yeah a good game that was a
real good game but I'm also waiting for the first time the season to start knowing that
well I look forward to I know you're a big Toronto fan yes sir yeah yeah did you do any pickups
off the offseason anything Joe Noon Dyke that's about it man Joe Noon Dyke man he's kind of
healthy we got no defense man we're defenseless we got no defense oh no we are yeah that's
I mean I'm impacted that no defense whatsoever exactly I'm sorry for the one that I want to we
think it's straight and see the place somewhere else he's he's gonna be busy this year yeah he's
sure isn't that right Neil have a great day pali you're too nice go let's go five six seven oh five
sixty I wonder if that leaves Buffalo game is on again that's on again how that big great yeah
there's a Brent Lindrow Stoshers how do I want to see him no mo you want to see him no good
well how you even know who the hell it is it's a little younger brother that I'm
thinking because he had all the concussions and then Eric he might as well quit the game he
didn't play in the no mo nobody told me it here's a call from Coral Gables hello hey Neil yes sir
I got one for your pole you ready okay can you handle this one ready all right I'm trying I'm
stripped in eight off Hitler uh huh you like it Coral Gables I'm sorry it off the
flight gave us assuming Coral Gables five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless Line how come there's so many assholes in the Gables did you ever check that out
I don't know we had to do a study on that which which part of South Florida's got them up which
which of the 85,000 different metropolitan areas of the bedroom towns got the most assholes I think
the Gables wins hands down no contest 12 minutes after one at five sixty W.A.
and attention all mortgage shoppers the following message could save you a lot of cash tens of
thousands of dollars interest rates for home loans are shooting up dramatically they're kind
of like somebody used to work for us shooting up but they're still an interest rate available
it's just 1.95 percent that's right from financial groups so call them today 1-809-40 land it's
truly economy is changing so if you're even thinking about refinancing your home or if you want to
move up to a better real estate investment call financial group 1-800-940 land with that kind
of low rate you'll pay if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan only 368 bucks a month if you
have you wait 200 thousand dollar loan your payments are only 736 a month so call financial group now
and get that unbeatable low 1.95 percent interest rates you've been looking for call 1-800-940-L-E-N-D
they're an equal housing lender credit restrictions apply rates have to change monthly 5.19-API
phone
the
This is Fort Real by City.
rickia Bullo!
versatile
She wants to get back
 I got this
She's a tomorrow, a tomorrow, a tomorrow, a real deal.
Oh, what do you guys think?
The real deal.
What do you know about that guy?
What do you know about that guy?
He's a tomorrow, a tomorrow, a tomorrow, a tomorrow.
A tomorrow, a tomorrow, a tomorrow, a tomorrow.
You get down, you get down, my bar, my bar.
We know all the time.
I'm on it, call.
One in 15 is five, six years.
That's not all the two bullets already.
That's the look of Brian Jr.
Here's the fact is, how about Jim Henson?
I started to write it down and I realized he was on TV a lot.
Say what now?
Jim Henson.
What about him?
With the Muppets.
Yeah.
Well, they were like TV performers.
Right?
Well, he wouldn't be on there today, right?
You're right, he's blowing on the entertainers.
Right, there you go.
But, Billy in focus is, my person is Nicola Tesla.
I wonder if he's related to a Rusty Klusla place for Columbus Blue Jackets.
Or I sure hope to, oh man.
Hey Rusty, let me take a look at it.
Below is some of the things he invented.
By the way, can I just mention, can I just as an aside?
Because I watched Michigan State beat those awful Notre Dame fighting Irish those for.
And is there any other football team in America that's got its own network beside Notre Dame?
No.
That's a Catholic influence again.
NBC that carries all the Notre Dame gives one of the greatest graces on the American cultural scene.
And yet nobody says anything about it except yours truly.
That would be like one of the networks carrying all the Shiva games, you know?
Kind of crap is that crap.
But anyway, Michigan State did beat Notre Dame even though we tried to choke it at the end there.
And speaking of choking it, the second, the backup quarterback for Notre Dame, maybe Scott Knowswood is Brady something?
No.
Why is it that all quarterbacks named Brady?
In his case, it's his first name, it's supposed to Tom Brady.
Why is it that all quarterbacks named Brady?
Look so goddamn good.
Jesus, I almost started rooting for Notre Dame.
I know this almost, not quite.
But holy crap, where the hell can he be seen?
And I was sticking to like a The Brady Bunch, but there was nobody good looking on the Brady Bunch.
It's not even close.
Right?
None of the guys anyway.
And none of the girls were not cute on the Brady Bunch.
They were like nasty little, uh, man-be-pambi, them were cute.
I'd do Marsha, I'd do her right now.
Oh, geez!
Oh!
Right now?
Right now.
She's 82.
And?
I'll bring my own KY.
I bet your clearance would do her.
He knew anything.
He was trying to do the sink earlier this morning is what I heard.
He was intergoing.
Thinkrathwim, thinkrathwim.
Anyway, so the eye of the storm is so which you'll find in Spencer Gibbs was invented by Nicola Tesla.
Thomas Edison stole many inventions from her.
See that?
I guess used to be very popular.
George Eastman stole all kinds of inventions from Edison.
And Edison was stealing all kinds of stuff from this guy.
So Nicola Tesla put it on there.
He invented all kinds of crap, which I can't read the rest of the facts, but I'll take his word for it.
Got it?
Got it.
But thanks for calling me.
And he was, of course, we don't believe that.
But nevertheless, that's okay.
You notice how all of a sudden we got the bogus vote today?
That's all right.
That's fine with me.
She's got 40.
Do you believe it?
Oh, name recognition.
No.
These people, it's our crowd.
No.
Oh, name recognition.
You may as opposed to Ben Franklin.
Right.
Oh!
How about Franklin Pangborn?
What?
Thanks for calling, Lady 48.
Dave Thomas 22.
It's not even close with the crank votes.
Ben Franklin 21.
Walt Disney 19.
Albert Einstein 16.
Carl Sagan 14.
Charles, by the way, Hitler can't be on here.
Political figure.
Everybody did that.
That's right.
Charles Darwin 13.
Dr. Bob Atkins 8.
Mark 28.
A lot of grits and stuff.
I guess is what Mark 28.
Samuel Langhorn Clemens.
I don't know.
I'm just not, I'm not that big of a Mark Twain fan.
You know, he was kind of a crimudgelly cleverer, humorous guy.
You know, he created the revolutionary style of writing the way people talk,
which apparently had never occurred to anyone before.
Did he write y'all come back now?
You hear?
You knew the word nigger a lot.
Did he really?
Yes, he did.
Well, today's good thing he ate on this station.
5.67.
He did his hair 50.
No, I'm just pounding right now.
It's a good thing he ate on this station because God only knows.
He's trying to craft.
He did his shit.
You never know.
Right.
Okay.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good, good one.
Louis Pasteur.
Louis Pasteur.
Yep.
That is a good one.
Okay, thank you.
What about, what about, what is his wife name, Maria?
Marie?
Marie Cree.
Marie Cree.
Yeah.
Did she invent a thermometer, right?
That's filled with Marie Cree?
Oh.
And they also said, I just read this a couple of weeks ago somewhere,
or maybe we discussed it that if you break it like you don't have to worry about mercury,
remember you always used to get told, don't break the thermometer because the mercury is poison.
Right.
It is not.
It's not.
Says who?
Says wherever I read it.
Says it's not as dangerous as you think.
I mean, not like swallow a whole bunch of it.
But and so they're also saying that even the mercury in the fish you eat isn't the big deal no more.
Well, that's a relief.
Don't you feel better?
So it's Pasteur E-U or E.
E-U-E-R.
Louis Pasteur.
Get that French right.
No, no, no.
At least this Roger's can do something right.
I was so embarrassed.
It's so bushly.
It hasn't really even permeated my skull yet.
That would be like bringing my name up to Jimmy Johnson.
And we're right.
Who would do such a thing?
Oh, he did.
Idiotic.
Pathetic.
An overgrown child.
That's what you are, Moe, an old man who never grew up.
I think if you like give him like a rattle in a spoon, he'd start banging him on the counter there in the morning.
Oh, he's got a rattle.
Oh, he's got a rattle.
Well, that's easy to rattle his ass.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
May that's why he keeps taking him dingleberries off it.
Somebody's rattling it.
Here's a call.
I notice how easy it was to rattle for real this morning.
Boy, you better butch up a little baby.
His image went way, way down with me this morning.
What a crack a crap.
He took that personal about getting the spots in before he ended up 10 o'clock.
I mean, that's his business.
And this man has taken it personal.
You could tell he had like a big gigantic bug, a bug of his ass.
He had a bug bug.
No question about it.
Where the hell is that?
Oh, it's like this.
You're taking a scary person.
Yeah.
I'll get it.
Well, heavy all right tomorrow or not.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
For Lauderdale.
Could be the most important call we've had all day.
You like it so far?
Oh, it's candle.
That's why the night is ringing.
Hello.
Kindle.
Hi.
Yes sir.
I'll extend it.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
As you discovered in blood, when I cut the cheese over the weekend, and believe you, I've been around some gaming people.
Whoa.
You could try not to smell them, and it doesn't work.
And the worst thing about it is when you see somebody, it looks really good, and like in the elevator.
You say, oh, maybe I'll just kind of like, sidel up and, and whoa.
You just, you get off on the next floor.
I mean, even if it's like the 37th floor and you're going out of the main floor, you don't care.
You get off the next floor.
Now, you get a factor.
Have a good part?
Like when you catch a whiff of something on Pleasant, or you're really good at keeping your poker face, you know, straight.
Because I'm not, I try.
I'm not, and I turn as time and just go, ah, what is that?
I'm against.
Yeah.
Like I jumped and skipped all across the blockbuster when that guy, I knew like real subtle things like say, holy crap, who died in here.
Things like that.
I think my head spun around twice.
Like when the crow used to come in all the time with an e.
See, it's not only people who smell bad, but people who think that they smell good, but overdo it.
I mean, tremendously, you know what I'm talking about?
Oh, geez.
People who wear about like 80 pounds of cologne or a talcum powder are both.
I think it's an indictment like they're trying to cover something up.
Hmm.
I can still smell it as the crow flies.
27 past one at 560 WQM.
Hey, let me tell you about our friends at dry concept.
Now, who's handling this account?
I was just also Troy.
Because he's, he's just, uh, Troy, you smell up at it in the crow.
I'll say that, but man, you just ain't cut it lately, sweetheart.
We're going to have to put you back in the backfield with Ricky.
And from what I understand, man, you might get sore about it.
Dry concepts do a wonderful job on your carpeting on your drapes, your furniture, your repulsory, all of these things.
Nobody can touch him with a stick, which is why I've used them in my house for over 20 years.
And now, dry concepts offer you a chance to say 15% on your next carpet cleaning.
You better take advantage of this now, because it could end any moment, especially if forever gets a new copy.
Just called dry concepts tool free at 1-800-248-5071.
Ask them to put you on their standby list.
And then dry concepts will cut in the next time they've got an opening in their schedule.
It's just like when you fly standby, if you're available when they have an opening, they'll knock 15% off the regular price.
And I guarantee you, they'll do exactly the same spectacular job they give you written guaranteed price before they start the job.
Your carpets are dry in a couple of hours.
They smell em and fresh, looking smell and feel just like brand new.
You can't beat em anywhere in the world.
So do yourself a big favor, call dry concepts today and ask them to put you on their standby list.
They may even have an opening for you in the day that you call, and you'll get 15% off the price of the job.
1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071, or check them on the worldwide wicked web at dryconcepts.com.
5-Elecord, this is 5-6-Elecord.
The radio's on your side.
A few AM.
Ava's a bitch.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, and that's why I think the general have a chippy and chippy season.
And when did I tell you?
You don't talk till I say you can talk.
This is the beast.
I said shut up, fatso.
But you're like a father to me.
You don't talk till I'm done talking.
When I'm done talking, then you talk.
Okay, I'll...
I beast. Come here.
Come here. I want you to meet a friend of mine.
Mr. Gough Club.
Why are you all right?
You've got to show you the business, Anthony.
Come here.
This court sentences you to 20 years in Oz.
What you info?
I had a tear off my mattress.
Look like we'll be your bunk mates.
The names of all how it David.
Starry stage screen and paradise.
What's yours?
Nick old me, coffee.
You got so bad.
What, thank you.
Hey, you know,
I'm so proud of you.
I'm going to make you my woman.
Hey, nobody knows.
Stop it.
Stop it.
God will pick you up.
I'm charred, huh?
We got ten minutes.
What else to be safe and eat?
You both have.
You know, man.
You know, I knew Linda Blau, but that's so pretty.
Okay.
For the power of sleep like that.
You know who I am?
No, come here.
Then don't think it up now.
Come here, blood of sleep.
All right.
But I expect a print apology.
I might just put that.
I'm not a fool man, a bookshop.
I'm a fool man.
I'll take the fraud.
I'll take the fraud.
Get the fraud.
Get the fraud.
Get the fraud.
Lord, and they'll see you now.
Thanks.
Well, Mr. David.
Hello, Warren.
Joe.
Jack.
Jack, Gordon.
How can I help you?
You see, Warren?
Yeah.
I keep getting raped.
Joe.
He's a vat of shit.
Joe, look into it right away.
Thanks, Warren.
It's about time.
Somebody put it down.
Drop your pack.
I said drop your pack.
This is odd.
It's f-
Favours don't come to you.
Yo, yo, yo, let's rape both.
Radio big shot.
That's how we pass the time away.
In the Gale Jailer.
One, thirty-three, a five, sixty-two.
I mean, we got the mad dog coming up at two.
The Humper at four.
We got that ballgame.
Marlins at the Braves.
The Game of the Century.
That's the makeup game and the schedule.
Is this, is this also since it's on the Monday?
Was this again that was rained out?
Scott, you know?
No.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
One, thirty-three.
One, thirty-three.
And one, thirty-three.
And one, thirty-three.
The score.
A Hurricane for Elise reduction,
w of the Web program during that spin.
Three-four win there.
Two-four win three-four win balanced in terms of order.
560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line on a tremendous a tumultuous
Monday. Got its only freaking Monday. Holy crap. Here's the call from Miramar.
Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Fantastic. Well, he lunched
ahead of his my little room while sitting there contemplating. I thought of John
Krapper, the inventor of the modern day toilet. Where would we be without the
Krapper excellent point. That's my that's my point for today. So I'll have on that note.
I'll leave you my hotmate. And I hope it was a successful visit. It was. It was I
expelled all my precious body fluids cleared my life outstanding. Nice job,
howdy. Thanks. See you on the Krapper. John Krapper. That was his name. Yes, it was.
See, well, now when you come right down to it, I guess that's where obviously
that's where the Krapper came from. But Krapper being sure for Krapper, right? Right.
So we can thank John Krapper not just for the toilet, but for right. What a
bunch of or just go take a good healthy. Yeah, or you're full of crap. Yeah. So we can
thank John Krapper not just for the actual facility itself for the porcelain
bus, but also for all the other things that go along with it. Like yeah, let's
fill it up with some. Or Greg Reed is always full of that. Or Mo is walking.
Boy, where would we be without crap? You know what? 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 TN
for Ryzen Line. Thanks for calling, lady, for some reason tickle the fancy of the
crank car voters today. Yeah, you know that. I mean, I'd like to think that I mean,
we all loved to relax. She was great, but a little bogus you might say a little.
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, or you? Pretty good. Scott doesn't know what he's
talking about. Not only are the Marlins a game in a half ahead of the Cubs, the Cubs
don't even play today. Yeah. So I didn't think it comes over that tight on the
rascals. They were like they've faltered there for a little while. Yeah. That's
that's the game in a half over the Cubs, two in a loss. Scott says that you can bet his
life on it. You know what I mean? Make some money. Right. My contribution is lay on
outdoor bed in she. I think we're going to see the caprio. I was hoping he was dead.
Wow. Leonardo da Vinci. How can they leave him out? My God. He's the Renifold's man.
He ridden a one a freaking genius if there ever was one. Thanks a lot, Pally. See
it. See Scott again. You're just still letting us down. But at least one thing. Scott
may not be good, but he's consistent. If he tells you something, look it up. Right?
Yeah. I didn't say what it comes one today. You said if the Cubs won today in a
Marlins lost, if the Cubs would pass them in the standings, they'd be in a wild
herd. You know, I said the cut. That's what you said. If what? If the Marlins
lose today in the Cubs win. Win like a week from Sookas. Yeah, about them. Yeah.
The Cubs ain't playing today. I need to wear the Phillies. The Filth at
Alphier Phillies. Boy, that's serious tomorrow. Let me say it again. I don't want to
start putting pressure on anybody and I'm not. Don't get me wrong. I hope they do
well. You want to know one of the reasons I hope they do well, George? Why? Because
if that Marlins make the playoffs as a wild card, there are four games. See? Go
boys and girls. So we get some more day games like those one o'clock game. Yeah, the
only problem being that they would start in San Francisco, I believe. Am I right
about that? Scott got up. So he can't answer. Oh, yes. He says yes. No, I know that.
But there would be games in Florida at PB Park and they can't play them all like a,
you know, because they got four series is going on. So maybe we get like a break
in there somewhere along the line. Not that we're looking to get off any day is
zero. And are we? Oh, we love those Marlins. So my point being that if there's any
empty seats tomorrow through Thursday against the Phillies, Miami will you have your
chance to show your ass to the world. Okay. How's the weather today, by the way?
I don't know out there. Yeah, out there.
Hot and human. I don't know. I don't know. But I'm just saying it's not like there's any
gigantic rain storm or any excuses yet. I mean, this is only I mean, they're in Atlanta
night, but I'm just looking ahead. In fact, I'm going to be checking the weather. Very careful.
I'm going to look at the radar right on my pewter here every day. No excuses. Okay. If
there's any chance that it's a baseball town, which sure, of course we know it's not.
But if there was any chance, here's your opportunity to get out there and to show your your
tangible support and quit all the BS. Just like when the panthers season starts, where
I think that could be, you know, speaking of stupidity in my own, I just realized here
about 20 minutes ago. What? That I've been sitting on the floor here for like two years.
I must be a moron. No, seriously, because I put this chair together. Okay. Right. Bob
her move my close personal redneck friend order this chair for me. This orifice chair
after they put that big green ugly old saggy chair in here, like a bunch of idiots. And
so ordered me this orifice here in a cane one day from office depot. And I put it together.
And it's very comfortable. It's very similar to the one you're asked to sit in right now.
The only problem is it's got the same kind of a lever on the side, a lever lever. All
right. And I had it too low. And it's just dawned on me after all this time being a little
bit slow in the febrile. I'm sitting on the flow. You know, too low. You're on the flow.
You know, sometimes the hydraulic leak. So you got to say, I think I think it was
especially when there's a big fat tub of crap like I said, and it's been like taking
a slow leak, squirt, squirt, squirt, squirt. And I'm like sitting on the floor. And I
thought, I don't want to do this no more. And so I like moved up in the world. Now I feel
like a real man almost as opposed to Oliver B 19 till two or five 60. Hey, you'll feel
like a real guy. If you call VIP sportsbook.com, we've got about 7,000 sports books advertising
on the station. Now you want to know why? Because there are a lot of graver robbers out there
want to get a hold of your money, whether you see it again, that's another story. 99% of
these bookies are in the jungles of course, the Riko or some 85th world country. Move up
and class this year to people you can trust VIP sportsbook.com. They're the oldest, the
largest sportsbook in the Netherlands, 100% legal and licensed to listen to me and call
VIP sportsbook.com now and plunge with confidence, PIP, plunge in peace. Call 1 866 VIP
bets because beyond the shadow of a dude, their softwaters best sportsbook. Sign up now.
You can bet all softwaters football to basketball teams juice free all year long. You want to
bet the dolphins it's 100 to 100. You want to bet the hercones when they're playing
another one of those little girl schools. It's 100 to 100. So forget about the big all
signups. Good a legitimate honest to goodness. 20% cash bonus, not some funny money,
phony match play bonus VIP sportsbook.com. That's where you find them online or call them
toll free 1 866 VIP bets. That's 1 866 VIP BET. Be sure to mention QM when you call VIP
sportsbook.com or you'll be the VIP.
Coo-hoo, baby. Let's turn this mother out.
Puff the magic crapper. And the reason I played it is because we got the wrong name. The
fact it was right. It's Thomas Crapper. Okay. And it's not only Thomas Crapper, it's
sure Thomas Crapper. Wow. Indeed. This is from plumbingworld.com. One of the most
prestigious websites I've had the pleasure of discovering a long time. Thomas Crapper,
myth and reality. Myth, Thomas Crapper as a person ever existed. In fact, that we don't
know his actual date of birth. We can now say that the man Thomas Crapper probably was
born September 1836 since he was baptized the 28th of that month. Crapper did have
a successful career in the plumbing industry in England from 1861 to 1904. And it
goes on about his death and his birth in Yodia. Myth, Thomas Crapper invented the turlif.
Although I will say this, you probably would assume his name would be John. Nobody says
right. I got to go to the Thomas. Right. Right. Maybe they will know. In fact, nobody
in the no one in the know about Thomas Crapper would ever make the statement that he invented
the toilet in his research. Who's this guy? Grabowski? His name comes out because I skipped
over a bunch of stuff. Well, whoever this Grabowski is. Maybe he's related to Mrs. Grabowski.
Remember her Mary and G? If you have him, the sex lady. No. Oh, she's probably dead.
In his research, Grabowski has created a detailed history of Crapper's business life. The
man holds nine patents for improvements to drains, three for water closets, the old WC,
one for manhole covers and last for pipe joints. Every patent application for plumbing related
products filed by Crapper made it through the process and actual patents were granted.
The most famous product that contributed him wasn't invented by him at all. The silent
valveless water waste preventer was a siphonic discharge system in Laudatoria to flush effectively
when the sister was only half full. That British patent was issued in 1819 to Mr. Albert
Giblin for this product and it goes on and on and on. Myth, Thomas Crapper was never
a plumber. Oh, yes, he was, as the fact. He operated two of the three Crapper plumbing
shops in his lifetime, but left a business three years before the final and most famous
facility on Kings Road and London because he hated work like crap. Myth, the word crap
is derived from Thomas Crapper's name. In fact, the origin of crap is still being... I love
it. This is the greatest thing I've ever read in my life. Everything you know is wrong.
The origin of crap is still being debated. I think it started with mode, don't you?
Absolutely. Possible sources include the Dutch Crap A, K-R-A-P-P-E,
low German Crap, K-R-A-P, meaning a violent and edible fish, Middle East crap with two
peas in an E, and Thomas Crapper. Where crap is derived from crap or it is by a process
known as pardon the pun, a back formation. The World War I dobo is passing through England
brought together crappers named in the toilet. They saw the words T. Crapper, Chelsea printed
it on the tanks and quinn to song, crapper meaning the slang, crapper meaning toilet.
The legend of Thomas Crapper takes its flavor from the... that takes its flavor from the real man's
life. Woo! Just savor that flavor. While crapper may not be the inventor of the product,
he's most often associated with his contribution to England's plumbing history as significant
and the man's legend, well, it lives on despite all proof to the contrary. How do you like that?
Huh? Well, I feel very enlightened now. Plumbingworld.com for those who are really obsessed with the
bull. What was the name of the guy that really invented it now? Again? Oh, I have to go back to it.
Oh, nevermind. Throw it away, I'll look it up. No, I got it here somewhere. Never heard that before.
The guy who invented the toilet was Albert Giblin. Giblin. The silent valveless water waste
preventer. Now I got something important to read, okay? Do I have permission to read it? Okay.
I'm not very long, but it's about the Bush and Ted Kennedy, which I'm sure some people
saw this, but it's worth reading, escalating and increasingly bitter rhetorical feud over Iraq.
President Bush fired back at Senator Ted Kennedy and Massachusetts yesterday saying it was
uncivil for the Democrat to accuse the administration of driving foreign nations to take part in the
post-war effort. Bush said the Senator should not have made the remark. Kennedy criticized the White
House last week for using what he described as concocted evidence against Iraq and said the case
for war was a fraud. Absolutely correct sir. In a separate appearance, Kennedy also described an
8.5 billion dollar loan guarantee to Turkey as an administration attempt to bribe the country
into offering military assistance in Iraq. The remarks sparked a partisan battle over the
appropriateness of criticizing the President with House Majority Leader Tom Delay accusing Kennedy
of reaching a new low. Bush, who had originally declined to respond to the attack,
used an interview with Fox News Anchorman, Brett Humeas, that he'd take Kennedy to task. What a surprise.
I mean, Senator Kennedy, who I respect and with whom I've worked, should not have said we were
trying to bribe foreign nations, Bush said, according to a partial transcript made available last night
by Fox. I mean, my regret is I don't mind people trying to pick apart my policies and that's fine
and that's for a game, but you know, I don't think we're serving our nation well by allowing the
discourse to become so uncivil that people say, use words that they shouldn't be using. Democrats
have been infuriated by similar comments in the past saying that Republicans are trying to cast
them as unpatriotic because of their questions about Bush's foreign policy. Last night, Kennedy
responded in a statement saying, for the sake of our troops, it's time for this administration to
speak honestly about that's faders in Iraq. Many Americans share my views and I regret that
the president considers them uncivil. Jim Jordan campaign manager for scary Senator John Kerry,
who voted in favor of authorizing the interaction in Iraq said it's always amusing to see
anybody from the Bush administration accusing Democrats of uncivility. Kind of like Greg Reed calling
Georgia Liar.
Yo.
Uncle Ted dude, throw on some boxer shorts. Let's cruise a bar and rage with some babes. Excellent.
Our money.
Uncle Ted dude, let's use our end to the slap's name to impress the babes and do the wild thing
in the compound. No way Bill. Just wait, Ted. Excellent.
They're rich, they're powerful. They like to swim naked. William gonna be smitten. Then
you're gonna be in the lunches. Next for the venture are two the next genitiles.
Excellent.
Coming soon for a bit of you for your next excellent. That was exciting. A little finger
slippage on a button there. Keep you on your toes anyway. I love when it happens.
Anyway, I don't have time to read this whole thing because I would read one more piece but it's
on our website. I was just checking to make sure that it's on there today and it is by Eric
Margolis and yesterday's Toronto Sun and this is the article I was talking about before where he
makes reference to Hermann Gehring. You'll love it. Porsche's tame US media may yet have teeth
rights Eric Margolis. He says, I've long considered CNN's Christian Almond Ford Outstanding Journalist.
Last week, my opinion of her rose further when she ignited a storm of controversy when asked
by a TV interviewer about the US media's coverage of the Iraq War. Breaking a taboo of silence
in the mainstream media, Almond Ford courageously replied, I think the press was muzzled and I think
the press self muzzle television was intimidated by the Bush administration and its foot soldiers at Fox
News. Right on cue, faithful to Reich Martial Hermann Gehring's advice to attack all the sending
views as treason, Fox accused Almond Ford of being a spokesman woman for Al Qaeda. I felt
for Almond Ford having myself insolent by the US Neal Conservative media as a friend of Saddam
for disputing what House claims about Iraq, whose secret police had threatened to hang me on my
last visit to Baghdad. The war like Mama's Boys at the Neal Khan National Review actually had the
hoots for the call me unpaid periodic columnist in my own paper pillory me for opposing the Iraq
misadventure. Now as White House lies in this dorsany are being exposed every day, these critics
aren't man enough to admit that their pirating of administration war propaganda,
Almond Ford politely calls it high level disinformation was foolish and unprofessional.
Christian Almond Ford is absolutely right. The US media was muzzle and censored so and it goes on
which you can read the entire story on NealRages.com. Right on cue, faithful to Reich Martial Hermann
Gehring's advice to attack all the sending views as treason. Got to love it. Oh yeah, love it.
You love it? Yeah, lots. Anyway, here's what's happening on our pool now. Who's your all-time
favorite dead person? This is our last dead people pool for a while until Moe dies and then we'll do
one like what would be that pull question? How delighted are you? How fast are you dancing?
I'm dancing is tap dancing is faster things like that. That's bad. Isn't that bad? No. No, I mean it.
Anyway, favorite dead person they're not on the previous pools. Thanks for calling ladies 65.
Now some of those may be a little bit in doubt but they'll she'll take it. Walt Disney 35,
Dave Thomas 27. How you doing, Dave? He's still eating that big Wendy's triple in the sky.
Ben Franklin 25 Albert Einstein 22 Charles Darwin 19 Carl Sagan 18 Thomas Edison 13
time with Dr. Bob Atkins 13. Mark Twain 10 and then look at that look at the drop off after that,
huh? Stimney three for Sigmund Freud and Henry Ford and Barbara Kevinman's got a pair and
old Billy Shakespeare's only got a pair a small pair. That's what I heard. That's what they say.
Mad Dog who's got the big pair who evidently this Moe a little bit in that broadcast. That's
what we're doing. Mad Dog's coming up next. Then we got to hunt for it for from Schultz,
the Marlins, Game of the Season, Ad Atlanta pregame 7 tonight. Bye bye bye.
Let me tell you something my crud, Nick Friend.
