Patient with the sewer of this place.
So can events.
So our home and need is grand.
All right.
High falls and sea.
I'm going home.
Will not you or your ass.
Welcome.
With the shock rise,
when she's by our side,
we reclaim joy,
the duty.
Oh.
It's a league of drugacoriting children.
Who have little by your sea.
Yes.
The need to dream.
Courage and training.
Are you sure?
Oh, can a vast East,
that's that's born to me.
Oh, can a vast East,
that's born to me.
Well, at what a moment this day,
I'll tell you so many things.
This is like the demarcation day.
It's like D day.
You know, so many areas of our lives.
I'm looking out my window.
I'm seeing like thousands of people out there just
stoned out of their, on their ass.
Oh, lucky you.
They got the, uh, the globe and mail rolled up.
They're smoking it.
They're puffing on it.
Anybody believe it?
No.
I will say this much though.
We don't have like 20 feet of rain on the ground.
Boy, I feel so bad for you guys.
Just flooded out,
went in doubt.
Great if you have a canoe.
So where the hell do we start?
We've got so much.
Now, yesterday I gave you the lowdown
and probably some of you, uh,
doubting Thomas's and, uh, Tom,
Tom's Dixon Harry's out there.
Didn't believe me.
But I told you there were big changes coming.
And of course, we were sworn to secrecy
because it always has to be a little bit on the
child or side of QA.
And we always have to like pass it by everybody as opposed to just saying,
okay, this is the way it is.
But we want to personally thank,
which is why I'd a character for me, of course.
We want to personally thank Mufflin Z.
Florence don't call me Josh Darrow,
who's still desperate to get laid.
And even Greg Reed.
And we want to thank Greg Reed.
Oh, well, a little bit.
Of course, he's the one that screwed it up in the first place.
But nevertheless, when you see the error of your ways,
it's never too late to repent.
And he repented.
And so this is our last nine to one show on WQAM.
Oh, Hallelujah.
God, and it's the last time we'll ever cross over back to back
with a moment in guilty.
I mean, isn't there something we want to say special about that?
I'm getting pounded.
Oh, there is something so great about it that two-hour separation
is going to be so sweet.
At least in the beginning, it's going to be a two-hour separation.
I don't want to speculate on the ear.
Because I have my own theories about how long that's going to last.
How many days that's going to last a new schedule?
Not 30, man.
But what?
Yeah, you heard it.
No.
When I hear that, I just want to fart.
Yeah, me too.
But because I have a feeling you may have like a longer gap.
You know, like between six and 10, like four hours.
Well, I'm thinking that Mo and guilty three to six would be good.
Don't you think?
What?
So here's our poll from...
Now, what am I missing?
I must be missing.
I just... I feel like we should mark...
The synthesis of the last nine o'clock hour, like we...
We should market somehow or do some...
And don't forget, starting tomorrow,
like I said yesterday, gave me a little sneak preview.
Then we bring back all that good stuff like...
It's the water's in two hours!
Oh, how do you know our all-time favorite?
It's the water in two hours.
Yeah.
The great Mitch Lewis who gave us...
And also, back to him.
What more could you want, huh?
Oh, I know.
1037 votes on the poll yesterday.
What's your take on you going back to 10 to two?
I see probably some people assume that that was like still speculation.
Yeah, I'm my part.
Well, here it is.
It's in the Tom Jicacol, and this morning it's amazing.
Somebody must have bought Tom a little radio.
What, I'm a little transistor, sisters?
Sure, we don't get no blisters.
For real new voice of morning commute.
We'll get to that.
And of course, very jackass who got the straight poop right from Greg,
from a toast personal buddy.
I wonder if they have like a big...
What do they call those tubs?
Like a high-high-have one.
Yeah, hot tuzi.
A big jacuzi that they hang out together while Greg...
While a very massages Greg's ego and Greg spills the beans.
Or something.
Oh!
Still the wine.
What a grotesque thought that was.
Anyway, very of course, is the direct pipeline.
As Greg is the mole.
He's always running around.
Who's the mole?
Well, you're the mole, Greg.
Everybody knows that.
You've got a big mouth.
And very jackass is your conduit.
And so, Barry's got his big column about the new change,
the lineup change.
And we're going to be doing another poll on what's your take,
because we actually are going to like list the whole thing for you.
Oh, did I do the poll?
He's out now.
What's your take on you going back to 10 to 2?
We asked yesterday, a thousand and forty votes.
I'll listen to whatever.
489.
47%.
That's our almost half of this audience that's so loyal,
and we love them from head to toe.
Then if we're on like at any time, if they have to stand on our head,
if they have to listen on a pop up toaster,
if they have to get a god, they may hear me hear the show,
they'll still listen, they'll do whatever it takes.
And we love them just dearly.
I get postures on my posterior.
Isn't that how you said?
Just thinking about it.
Let's see.
What's your take on going back to 10 to 2?
I love it.
409.39%.
You put those two together and you got like an overwhelming majority.
It's okay.
Now the 93 said it's okay, 8.9%.
Which leaves the other 49, 4.7% who said they hate it.
Where's there got to be?
I mean, if you put any category on any pool where you hate it,
there got to be those, right?
Always, always.
You see, this is what happens, Mo.
When you alienate everybody in the building,
and when you piss everybody off, and I hate you like poison,
and even though you had that little blip in that last book,
the trend comes out at one o'clock this afternoon,
so tomorrow morning we'll actually have some numbers to talk about.
Wow.
Oh, right.
Talking about killing some good time, huh?
Because between the combination of everybody being out of time,
I heard the Humper yesterday talking about how it was the slowest show
in the history of his life.
He can't remember a day that was slower.
So I was taking it personally yesterday, and this was business,
and I was sitting here taking it personal,
and blaming George for driving the audience away.
George did a fine job while I was away.
Well, it was pretty good.
That's what Beener Boy, Bonerboy said.
He said it was not too bad.
He said it had a lot of good crank calls.
All of our favorite cranks called.
So here's the new lineup.
Now Hank and I said yesterday, I'm not too sure that they really
gave it its due yet this morning.
On the moment, Gildy Show, I was asking Beener Boy,
because I can get to hear too much of it.
But I don't think that they really gave it its due.
Do you?
No.
I don't know.
Here's the new lineup, effective tomorrow, Thursday,
May 29th, a day that will live in infamy.
Oh, yeah.
On WQAM.
Finally, something's happening.
You know, something we think that's going to be pretty good.
That's all I do.
I just want to cop, I feel them.
Yeah.
Here's the new lineup.
Moengildy, according to Tom Jicke, I love that one line, Tom.
Tom, I think you redeemed yourself today.
A little bit.
I'll read Tom's column.
It's short, right?
Right.
Farrell, new voice of morning commute.
All sports radio, WQM, is shaking up its lineup
to squeeze its newest addition, Scott Farrell,
into morning drive time.
Starting Thursday, tomorrow, the gravely voice for
where he's been filling in on various shifts the past couple of weeks, will host a new
program 8 to 10 AM.
You got that?
8 to 10 AM.
Write these down now.
That may, well, let me just go on to accommodate the change.
NeoRodges returns to the 10 AM to 2 PM shift he prefers.
And the incumbent morning host, Howard David and Steve Goldstein, are being pushed deeper
into the night.
The new starting time.
The new starting time is 5 AM.
Farrell is a former naturally syndicated host with a Fred Boyce style, heavy on drinking.
Discussions of bodily functions and sex.
This should make him more compatible with Rogers than David, the playboy's playboy
of the dolphins is.
Farrell, whose resume includes hockey, play by play, would be a prime candidate for the
Panthers job.
If and when that comes, opens up a couple of weeks.
Again, I bet you got these really upset now.
I'm just having to get up an hour earlier in the morning.
But also, you know, he was just right on jugs McDonald's back.
He was right on the jug mustard's ass hovering over his shoulder, just waiting in the wings.
And now, of course, we got a guy who has actually experience.
Not good, but has experience.
The WPM change is also well until former Dolphin Jim Mandage sliding back an hour to 2 to 4 PM,
followed by Hank Goldberg 4 to 7.
I'm going to tell you.
This, this, this, this Humber, man, I've taught him well.
I have really, he owes me big time.
He owes me a couple of meals.
Because when we first came to the station, he was a cantankerous, surly frustrated guy,
screaming at everybody, having a nervous breakdown, frustrated by the great read school of broadcasting.
And, rightfully so.
And I came in and bitched him out big time and meled him out and added years to his life.
And I also taught him and a mad dog a very valuable lesson.
The one thing you strive for at QAIM is less work and more pay.
Right?
That's what we strive for on QAIM.
In fact, now this show has the distinction.
We are now the only four hours show on this radio station.
What an adk is.
Any k is on 10 to 2, but that's like once in a blue moon.
Right.
When there's no ball games.
For example, like tonight.
Well, it says here tonight, but that's not going to happen because we got that double header weather permitting.
What?
Weather permitting.
Now do we have a new schedule?
I notice I notice Miss Muff was in Erica panting herself on the back in a very late route, about eight fifty eight,
interfering with my enjoyment of our final crossover with Mo.
But, though, the nice of we had a schedule, especially since we got all this new stuff starting tomorrow.
So, like I told you yesterday, this new change affects every show on the station,
except for the ball games at night and the adk.
It affects you on Mark overnight because now they're cut down an hour.
Instead of two to six overnight, they're going to be on two to five.
So, they're down to a three hour show.
And then you got Mo and Gildy five, eight.
Now, stop and think about this.
When it requires at least 25 minutes to, what's the term you use to tease the hair in your piece?
I mean, what do you do?
What do you blend it with the under real hair with the glue on?
Get out of here.
What real hair?
The one on the sides.
I see.
The gray one's on the sides.
Right, right.
The red muskrat one's in the middle.
Well, I'm saying it takes at least 25, 30 minutes in a morning after assuming he does the three S-H's,
the shower, the shave, and the Schmidt, and then blends all the hair in here.
So, you were talking latest three o'clock in the morning, rising time for a guy who's a fast approaching 70.
He says he's in his 50s.
Yeah.
Well, he left a few years off.
He left a few years off.
Not 30, man.
Yeah.
He left a few off in his calculations.
So, not that I don't want to sound like we're gloating at the fact that these people are being pushed back into...
What does Jika say?
Push deeper into the night.
Like into obscurity.
I mean, it's like, kind of like, let me help you toward the door.
Okay, it's time to like, go to the door.
Let me give you a little helping hand and push you.
Shovey was fast in the heart as I can.
Out that door, okay?
Now, once we get to the very jackass article where he talks about...
Greg Reed talks about the 22 months that Howard has left on his contract and he will be on during that period of time,
in the mid-Sitterland, so on, which I find most amusing because there are unspoken words there too.
In other words, they'd love to get him out of there, but they have no, they haven't found a way to do it.
So, one of the easiest ways is to shove him back.
As Jika says, pushing them deeper into the night.
What a great choice of words, little Tommy.
Always like that, Paul, he did it, Jikki.
He's had a few weak moments along the way, but he's a good guy, little Tommy Jika.
Huh?
He means well, Danny?
He's a lazy little...
Yeah, I know.
913 at 560 WQA.
And if you're fat, and boy a lot of us are man, oh man, there's nothing worse than skinny
people talking about fat and about dieting because they don't know crap.
What do they know from fat?
But when a fat person like me tells you about it because I've been through all the
frustrations of losing and gaining and gaining and losing and more gaining, it's just a
lifelong battle it never ends.
If you haven't tried balance for life yet, you'll know what you're up to do it because
we've been talking about it for a long time and many, many of our people in the audience
and some more acquaintances, too, like Jeff Cohen, have lost a crap load of weight with
balance for life because it's the easy way, and if you're like mindless, it's even better
because you don't have to make any decisions.
There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie counting, not even
any carbohydrate counting, because they deliver all your food for the day right to your
dough by six o'clock in the morning, right to your home at your office wherever you are,
three delicious gourmet meals, two delicious snacks are all in your little black sack.
That's the key to your weight loss is your little black sack.
And in your sack, like I said, everything is fresh and delicious, there's nothing frozen,
nothing pre-famber kid, nothing with a bunch of chemical crap or additives, it's all
the best ingredients that money can buy.
The only choice you have to make is when you fill out your weekly menu and you get to
choose between two alternatives for each meal and snack every day that you're on the program.
So lose the weight, watch it just pour off your body the easy, delicious way and you'll
be satisfied not desperate and starving to death when you go with balance for life.
Give it a try, you got nothing to lose but all that disgusting, unhealthy fat.
Call balance for life today, 954-568-3229.
954-568-3229 or check them out of the Wicked World Wide Web at balanceforlife.com.
My life and look all this is for three or five sixty.
You weigh it, you weigh it.
No, we'll cable and rate it.
Well congratulations, get alive.
Alright, you can have or you can pack your weight since we're eating today in the highly
bite buffet.
Grab those tongues and flip the folder around as if a diamond could be found underneath
the tray.
But don't forget who's made the bill and who's food you're going to be.
The day, say the last fish for me.
Now food is tasty and the price is low.
I love for things so much.
My favorite thing of all is when I go I let you find a link to touch.
Yes, I know.
Yes, I know.
You eat to the past.
We could get back guys when it's time you know.
Yes, I know.
The food is soft, food is soft.
It's a red, a green, yellow macaroni.
It's not sweet, it's not sweet.
Food is soft.
I don't forget who's made the bill and who's food you're going to be.
Say the last fish for me.
It's our time.
It's our time.
Say the last fish for me.
It's our time.
Say the last fish for me.
It's our time.
Say the last fish for me.
Ninety-five, sixty WQA.
Maybe the old people are like up to their ventures in water.
What do you think?
They don't need the glass then.
Exactly.
You don't need the glass with your pullet in.
In fact, just take a swig of pullet and just walk outside.
It would be a real good idea.
Look at all the things you can accomplish at the same time.
Easy.
Should we take that Miami Beach call?
Because I'm in such a great mood today.
There's no telling just how good it's going to be.
Put it on Wednesday.
Oh!
So don't ruin it.
It's Wednesday because that means there are no one comedy bits out.
So we have like a short and show an air respect.
We might actually find out when those Marlon games are supposed to get played.
One of these hours, I think it's five something.
They're going to try to play the make up last night's game that was rained out against these spows.
So we're just juggling some papers that I'm assuming is a schedule.
Great.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I told you six months ago you're going to get the grandpa out of the door and this is his going.
He's not going to stand up at 3.30 from Bokeh and drive down.
Very well.
He'll be there like a clockwork man.
He's going to go.
You think?
I tell you, of course.
That's like telling him you're fired, but not really.
We just wait till you work out the door yourself.
This is an old radio trick.
When I was there, I was thinking about how I was working.
I guess at INZ and at WIOD they wanted to get rid of Jerry Sullivan who had been the program director
or the operations manager, something like that.
He was in management.
So they made him the overnight news guide driving the news van like from 2 to 5 in the morning.
Exactly.
He's going to go out the door.
Anyway, some advice when you go to Holland.
Always have a backup trip plan.
Always have your ticket ready to fly down South.
I never looked for Chinese restaurants.
Always go to Indonesian restaurants.
It's 20 times as better.
I look for my McDonalds on the damn rack.
Let me sum up what happened last week with George's show.
They talked about what do you think?
I don't know.
Carlos sat me in the bag.
It's always horrible.
Please put morale on there when you leave.
Let the other guys speed it up.
Okay.
Have a good day, man.
Okay, I'll leave.
Okay, bye.
Totsin, Dewey.
That guy hates you, George.
Yeah, I know.
And Beenerboy too.
Now, I'm stuck in defensive.
Now, George just faxed me the schedule.
A piece of a schedule.
Let's see.
Here we go.
Wednesday, May 28th.
Jim manager won, Hank 3 to 430.
3 to 413.
3 to 413, man.
430 to 505.
It's the pregame festivities.
505 is game one of the double header.
8 to 11.
It's game two.
Weather permitting, of course.
Eddie K. 11 to 2 and Joanne Mark over.
And I see this is not the schedule.
They're even right.
This is what happens when you give a man's job to a child clearance.
This schedule isn't even right.
You see what it says, Joanne Mark?
I do.
2 to 6.
Guess what?
I understand it's a lot of pressure with all these changes coming out once.
A lot of changes.
Including certain people's underwear.
Joanne Mark, 2 to 5.
They're being cut back an hour.
Which, of course, is no big deal here because what do they care?
I'm sure you're going to get to pay the same big bucks.
Howard David had since here, 5 to 8 with Guilty.
For well, 8 to 10.
And then, of course, us 10 to 2.
You know, the sound of that again, 10 to 2 for this show is so...
I never, I really never dreamed that I would see the day that would happen.
I never really believed, especially with the track record of these people.
Once they screw something up, they're very reluctant to admit their mistake and fix it.
But the...
And I'm looking at our website.
What is he doing with this thing?
I got a multi-colored.
I got all kind of red alerts and orange alerts and all.
What are you doing up there, Eric?
Man, he's doing it in technical order today.
Anyway, here's our pool for today.
And it's similar to yesterday, but now that we got the line up on it,
we got the take of the audience.
Because I'm sure we'll get a phenomenal response just like we had yesterday.
I don't really care.
I just don't care anymore, especially at this point,
because this is just so good, so sweet.
We never should have been put at this disadvantage in the first place.
Plus, having to follow the lead in a hostile old coup.
What's good is that?
What's the point?
What is the point, point two?
I'm trying to follow somebody who's telling their audience,
I would advise against listening to the show that follows us.
I'm gonna...
Whoever heard us such a thing,
whoever heard us such hostility,
all because George is a little troublemaker
and faxed me a few emails.
That was the...
Well, it was even before that.
Right, I let the wig out of the bag.
Plant...
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
And then when you said,
take off those checkered pants.
I think that was what put him over the edge.
The mole man.
Put him right off the edge of the map.
The new QAM lineup is seeing,
we put this on there because I'm no fool.
This is a way of promoting on our website,
exactly what the new schedule is.
I mean, since it isn't just like Hank said yesterday,
why should we let very jackass break the new story
or somebody else when it's on our station?
Huh?
Why not two at our own horn is what the Hempers said.
And right ahead is Thumbrad, I heard that.
Now you're Thumbrad on it, Hank.
And like I started to say before, before...
before Bienerboy interrupted me.
Hank has really got it down to his science now.
For example, look at today.
He's on from three to four thirty.
You see what I'm saying?
You see what he's on tomorrow?
Four to six thirty.
He's not taking...
He's not taking any reduction in pay,
which of course that's nobody's business,
but I just mentioned that as another feather in the Humpers cap.
He's continuing to get paid the same big bucks
for working a lot less, to which I say,
yeah, which indicates to me since I'm such a pain in the answer
quite a time, Jika.
I think I might have to rethink my deal, you know?
Huh?
Yeah.
God, it's going to be up from four to six thirty.
Most days, all during the long hot baseball season.
And then of course, I have a feeling I could be wrong.
But next week we got the Belmont on Saturday.
Do you have next week's schedule yet?
No, that would be too much to ask.
Oh, oh.
I don't even have Fridays yet.
If you only fast me one pay...
No.
I'll tell you the...
I only fast you one pay.
In other words, I don't have Fridays either.
There's no working on it.
In fact, I just got a great idea.
This could be the greatest programming,
talk about keeping the audience on the edge of their seats.
This might be the greatest programming concept in the history of the business.
We're going to change the schedule every day.
Yeah.
It's the new TBA format.
Right.
It's like people are used to shifting the...
Shuffling the...
No, no, no, I wouldn't even close to saying that.
All the way to that is what he was shuffling.
He was shuffling and Schmidt.
Back on the light bulb.
Remember, he used to move this one around his way.
He was shuffling his on it this time and normal cat is on it.
By the way, normal call me last night.
Don't be call me again anytime soon, nor am I was serious when I said,
it's a pleasure not talk to you.
Because when he talks to me, it's always something aggravating.
You know, I always like making a mountain out of a...
Postual.
Anyway, our poll today, the new QAM lineup is Mo and Guilty 5-8 AM.
Farell 8-10 AM.
They've been booked to be kept.
Neal 10-2, mad dog 2-4, Hank 4-7.
Weather permitting.
Marlon 7-10, Eddie K-10-2, and Joanne Mark 2-5.
And our poll question is, what's your take?
We got seven choices on here.
Love it, big improvement.
It's okay.
Okay.
Wicked better the way it was.
Who's Mo Howard Davided?
Who Scott Farell?
All the old bags that...
Hate it.
Or don't care only listen to Neal Show.
That's pretty good.
Seven choices.
There, wouldn't you think?
And I'm sure Eric who is busy working with color crayons or whatever this morning,
I'm sure he'll get around to it very, very soon.
And we'll get it up there.
What we Eric and the poll too.
He's trying to put a table up.
It's the best way to do it, but he's having a little problem stretching it out.
Well, when it does stretch it out, sweetheart, in your case that you have no problem at all.
Can you imagine the stretch marks he's got?
I got bad ones before.
Can you imagine the stretch...
That's an excellent poll question.
Who's got the worst stretch marks?
Hell Goldstein, Fat Rich, Josh, your Friedman.
Now what happens when they do the stapling thing and then you gain back all the weight in another 200 pounds?
Well, you've got lots of slack so you can accommodate it.
Oh man.
He must have stretched marks that look like a goddamn roadmap.
Oh, speaking of the roadmap.
Oi!
927 at 560 WQM, are you bald?
Well, don't call fast drink because they can't help you.
You can have a sexual performance problem.
Squirt score.
Don't call fast train.
It's not their business.
But if you have a dead end job, then you really ought to call them soon.
Because fast train can have your fully trained and ready for your new high-paying computer career in just four short months.
Call fast train tool free at 1-866-fast train.
That's 1-866-fast train.
They've got locations in Miami, Kendall, Fort Lauderdale, and prestigious Pembroke Pines.
Pick up your instrument right now.
Call fast train 1-866-fast train.
And don't forget to offer your job placement assistance.
Financial aid.
They've got convenient daily weekend classes to fit in your schedule.
So you don't have any excuses, no mole, to stay in that dead end job.
Your new career is just one phone call and four months away.
That's how soon they get you the training you need to become a computer thing.
And get yourself a big fat paycheck every payday.
So jump on a fast train today and call fast train tool free 1-866-fast train.
Or check them out of the web at fasttrain.com.
My and local.
This is Fort Radio 560.
Way to way.
If there's a butt, I smell it.
Jerk.
Spreading like crazy.
Spreading their charms.
Soon they'll be buried.
And eaten by worms.
The sound of the sounds.
People don't come together.
People they stay apart.
Nothing can stop it now.
Cause we are all scared of SARS.
Jerk.
Don't go to Asia.
Don't go to Hong Kong.
Stick clear of Toronto.
If you want to live long.
People don't live forever.
People must all be apart.
But no one wants it to happen now.
That's why we are scared of SARS.
People don't come together.
People they stay apart.
931.
Sunny day here.
No rain.
Water out here in a highway.
We have a few people dying here.
Nothing is perfect.
Very jackass.
This is a big bull.
A bull.
A bull.
A bull.
A bull.
A bull.
A bull.
A bull.
A bull.
A bull.
Aaron Schoosure.
He's out today.
YEAR KARD.
Careful it's too early.
But in the night he was being arrested for augmented film painting.
He 3000k L?
Really?
You think George.
Okay.
That's it.
That's it.
Brother, huh?
Oh, that's great.
Well, why the hell shouldn't you take some crap?
I've been taking it for 20 or 7 years.
Why not let you take a little bit of crap?
See, I'm thinking if you work your cards right,
once I hang up the microphone in about two or three weeks,
I mean, years,
then you can like move in and you can be Pharrell's producer,
because he'll be doing 6 to 10 anyway.
What?
What are you laughing about?
Now, you haven't said anything bad about him.
You've, you guys have hit it off pretty good from what you're telling me.
Yeah.
You were sucking his ass pretty good the other day.
How big hair and just big red juicy lips.
Yeah, see? He likes you.
Very jackass writes,
people in sports WQM adds Pharrell to the morning lineup.
WQM is giving gravel voice to Scott for all his own program on weekday mornings
and moving Howard David had shown an hour earlier
in what the station calls an effort to lure male viewers away from Howard Stern.
See, Barry, I hate to break the news to you,
but there are no viewers on radio.
I'm sure we got a, I know we have a lot of goofy people out there,
but even they aren't sitting there staring into their speaker,
waiting to see us.
Luring male viewers away from Howard Stern.
Well, that's a good excuse.
Beginning tomorrow, Thursday, May 29th.
Howard David and Steve Geldey Goldstein will be host from 5 to 8 a.m.
for all we'll take over David's 8 to 9 a.m. hour
near Roger's 9 to 10 a.m. hour,
putting him against Stern's national program here locally on WBGG, Big 105.9.
On WQM, Roger's now will host 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
and see Barry's like oblivious here,
because he don't want to give me too much, too many words in here anyway,
because it's not a sports show.
And plus, I know what an asshole he is.
So he doesn't mention the fact that I did 10 to 2 for what?
How many years they do it?
About 30, man.
Back in I&Z, I was doing 10 to 2.
Then I had that one little year hiatus on Zeta in the morning
where we kicked some serious ass,
and then did 10 to 2 on IOD for what, nine years?
Right.
And for four years on this station.
So I've been like doing 10 to 2 for a very long time
until Greg, we decided to mess with success and screw with my life.
And boy, did we have a bitch of a time getting that thing going?
It's not just Howard Stearny, up against it's every other guy day
in the morning show, at least here with Ferrell.
He starts at 8 and he's got that other hour following himself right now.
Is he on the sand?
Right.
Although he will have to follow well.
That's another better him than us.
You know what I'm saying?
No, what do you say?
I'm saying better anybody than us having to follow that.
Anyway, and WQM Rajas will not host 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
which in manage from 2 to 4 p.m.
Hank Goldberg 4 to 7 p.m.
whether permitting.
Well, I mean, you know, there's ball games, pre-game show stuff like that.
The hunt for some days be working an hour or two.
More power to you, Hank.
After all these years and all those meals you deserve it, you got to come.
That was funny.
Ferrell is sports shock shock of sorts joined WQM as a freelancer just two weeks ago.
He previously hosted a national show on Westwood 1 and also announced games for NHL's Atlanta thrashers.
What about his morning show on any WB for what's their name?
Opian Anthony.
Renan Stinpy.
Opian Anthony.
Opera in the Opry.
What about that?
Which he doesn't even mention here.
I mean, very let's face it.
All you do is you put down in the paper.
Whatever Greg tells you to put down.
Of course, but Greg knows you can put in a thimble to have Vajosh Friedman's room for his
ass left over.
I think Scott's highly entertaining and compelling to listen to WQM General Manager Greg
Reed said he has an edge and we're lucky to have him.
And he sure held up there than George.
Greg H.H.H.H.H.
Ferrell show which is high energy but as the potential to a fan might be better suited
for night's read concedes.
But Reed said he didn't want to remove late night host Ed Kaplan.
And here's the operative line that Greg fed the berry.
We need some help in the morning.
So what an understatement that is we need some help in the mornings.
Would you agree with that?
Don't even answer.
David joined QAM 14 months ago as a morning host and dolphins play by play announcer.
But in recent months, Reed has said the morning show needs some more humor.
Reed has expressed interest in mandates joining the morning program of this construction
business.
Prevented that.
This move is not a display of disappointment and Howard Reed said.
It's having a chance to add a really strong person to the lineup.
They all have just big asses and stuff like that.
David Declan comment says,
very jackass.
Reed said David wasn't too crazy about his show moving up an hour and expressed interest
in doing the show with Ferrell.
But Reed considers Ferrell a one man band.
Reed said David will be retained for at least the duration of his talk show contract
which has 22 months left and believe you me when I tell you Greg and the other management
people are counting every minute of every day.
I mean, he has 22 months left and he'll be there.
See?
Got it.
So there's very jackass's piece.
So you know, they're both on our website.
Read them both and weep Tom Jicke has very jackass.
Tom was a little bit more concise and that's probably because he didn't speak to Greg and
Greg didn't feed him a bunch of propaganda.
73 votes on there already.
I think now we're back.
You know what?
Now we're back.
Yesterday was like the day after Labor Day plus that fire was raining like crazy all
the time during the show but they knew it was going to be raining like crazy later on.
So they were all out there at the rent of new places and they rent our or joints.
We're in a joint joint.
Out of what eases pot laws.
I just mentioned it now.
Well, it's not law yet, but it will be what's your take on the new lineup and if you
want to see the new lineup and just sit there and look at it, you know, just like some
of those pictures we have on our contestants on hot couples.
Do we have any new contestants yet?
Probably not.
Not that I've noticed.
I think you've noticed.
What do you mean not that you've noticed?
In other words, you haven't checked?
I haven't checked today, but yesterday we didn't have any.
Well, let's get with it.
I mean, we're starting a little bit early.
We got to June 15th for the second to go round on the hot couples contest.
We got that nice trip for two of the Bahamas.
We don't know about well.
I don't want to plug the other prizes yet.
So we know for sure.
And we also have been referred to at the pizza lot as one of the prizes.
The new QN morning lineup would sit in their stereo right in the face and you could
look at it and you can say, well, that makes sense.
And I don't like that.
Oh, that really sucks.
Now that's pretty good.
Whatever you're thinking, okay?
In the quiet tube of wherever you're a little computer, your monitor is.
You know, you look at it that doesn't it look impressive?
Yeah.
I think that's I think that's about the best thing Eric has done.
The best work he's done since last time he came down and beat the crap out of owner
boy.
It is.
It's looking good.
Looking good, Eric.
And then we got the votes.
We got 79 already.
What's your take on our new lineup?
We don't care.
We own Listen to Neil show 29.
See down to 36%.
Love it.
Big improvement.
23.
Who's Mohawar David at 11, even after all of this time?
It's okay.
Six liked it better the way it was for.
Hate it for and who Scott for real.
Does they smell has got two votes?
Isn't that interesting?
Who's more Howard David at 11 and who's got for all two?
Colorado for all used to be on the station of ESPN, right?
Right.
For a long time.
But you think that Mohawar David haven't been on the station in all the promotion that
we've given him endless tireless promotion that we've given this man.
Another train monkey.
You think that everybody would know who he is, but they just they still they don't know.
And maybe they don't want to know Mo.
We don't we we're delighted to be very, very far distant from him.
Now he's like a like a bad dream like like when you can have a bad meal and you finally
eliminated from your system.
You know what I'm talking about?
I don't want to get you graphing up.
They have a really bad bowl of grits and gives you the schmitz and you finally, oh, you
just get it out of there and you flush that toilet and it all just disappears and you
have this feeling of relief.
That's that's why I sound so good to myself right now.
Don't I sound pretty damn enthusiastic?
I am because I feel like a like a gigantic tumor has been removed from my system for my
back home.
Bowls.
Talk about a pain in the ass.
So they would go on a rip George for three hours today, which is okay with us.
We don't really care.
Do we want a boy?
Yeah, although they're not too happy with you either from what they're saying.
I'm getting pounded.
20 till 10 at 560 WQM.
Well, he was going to come to town and remember in reinvent talk radio.
See, even those people that preceded the right brothers, they gave it a good shot.
But they can crashing down to earth, you know.
Although, at least they gave it a good shot.
Hey, listen, if your carpets look shot, here's the answer for you.
Dry concepts.
No games, no BS, no scams that per room stuff that somebody, a carpet cleaning people
promote.
It's all bull crap is what it is.
With dry concepts, they give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job.
They roll up their sleeves.
They dry clean your carpets.
They look just like brand new.
They smell lemony fresh.
They stay cleaner longer.
They last longer too.
They're drying a couple of hours and you'll say this is a freaking miracle because they
make your carpets look just like brand new.
No matter how stained, how smelly, how nasty, how embarrassing, they may be right now.
And they also do an unbeatable job of cleaning your drapes.
Those expensive area rugs and oriental rugs, your poultry, your leather furniture.
And if you have problems with pet odors or mildew odors, caused by water damage, like
maybe your pet ferret is acting up.
Dry concepts will make those go away like magic too.
Nobody does a better job.
That's why I've used them for well over 20 years in my home and everybody I know, friends,
relatives, enemies, they all use dry concepts too.
You can't beat them.
So do yourself a big favor, call them the first time if you've ever used them before and
I guarantee that you'll use them for a lifetime.
Call them tool free.
The professionals of dry concepts, 1-800-2485071.
1-800-2485071 are just logged onto their website for more information on these stupendous
work they do, dryconcepts.com.
Don't forget when you use dry concepts, you really can clean today and entertain tonight.
Go Roger's got it.
The way I move around when I go to, I go to my movements number two.
I'm just on the seat.
I'm just on the seat.
I'm just on the seat.
I got the tool.
A little bit of paper is all I need.
So I can make my high knees nice and clean.
Welcome.
I don't have to push, I'm in control.
When I move inside the side of the toilet bowl, I never have to spray.
It comes out whole.
It looks a little like a tutti roll.
I'd wait through the left, it'd wait through the right.
I'm just on the seat.
I'm just on the seat.
I want to think about that book of Brian.
He always finds some excuse, some way to slip back into the 50s again.
Oh yeah.
946 at 560 WDQM.
Our poll is up on air.
It looks pretty guy name impressive.
He asked me.
But then again, I'm pretty juiced.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
That first call had a wrong.
That Georgia showed in girl like that.
It was more like a beat or more.
Did you like the cowboy ball?
Yeah, I love it.
I say, we all got to go like shit.
Those wigs.
What do you just say there?
I have no idea.
He did what the most way.
Schmidt.
I didn't hear what he said.
So so right an article about it, Tom Jekker, because I wouldn't understand what he said.
I think he said something about he said on most wing.
Or Schmidt.
560 at 560 on the 18 and T for right.
The last time it's our last ever 9 to 1 show.
Oh yeah.
Now maybe that's not a big deal to the audience because we've paper trained a lot of these people
and gotten them into the heavy.
And we should thank the audience that's adjusted their life to tune over at 9 o'clock.
And now that we've gone over a year, let's see how long we've been doing it since more than that.
Because we started in January of last year, right?
January one.
And I'll never forget Greg was standing there that morning on the day of the New Year's, January two, whatever day that was.
And like he was shocked that I actually showed up to be at 9 o'clock.
Like he didn't believe I was going to be there.
And if I was smart, I wouldn't have.
I decided, are you crazy?
Are you out of your mind?
And he would have said, but in any rate, so it was like January.
So we're talking a year and a half.
Like being set off to purgatory, it's like some kind of punishment for something evil and grotesque I've done,
which I don't even know what that was yet.
Must have been, I hope I enjoyed it.
And now finally, at the end of May, it is pretty damn near a year and a half.
Oh my God.
And now we go back to 10 to 2, which is where we should have been in the first place.
Because there's no such thing as a show from 9 to 1.
Correct?
Well, doesn't exist.
You know what else doesn't exist?
Easter bunnies?
A show from 5 to 8 in a morning.
Oh, doesn't exist.
It does not.
I'm just mentioning that in passing.
Something for you to think about.
Put that under your bonnet.
Well, most of the audience doesn't know yet where a bonnet was probably in better for your image.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Yes, sir.
When everything, when I have a situation in my life, I always take a piece of paper where I have a way of the negatives and the positives.
Uh-huh.
The only positives I can see out of this whole thing is you're going back 10 to 2.
Yeah.
And you have a good leading with Scotty, which is great.
And then Maddox still has his two hours.
It just moves up one hour.
Well, you know, Maddox, you know, if it was up to Maddox, we would get more time, but obviously he doesn't want it.
But, you know, it's just why don't you just blow out the morning show?
Just blow it out.
They may never stay before.
They, and they owned up to it.
They, then they've brought in.
They tried to bring it out.
They didn't work out.
Just blow it out.
I know there's money involved and all that.
Yeah.
But I'll put Scotty on in the morning and I will let him rip everybody.
Mm-hmm.
For six attendants.
Well, you've got to understand you.
How long has he been on the station?
Two weeks?
A year and a half.
No, I'm talking about, no, I'm talking about, for real.
But I can guarantee you two weeks.
He's not, listen to me.
He's only been on two weeks.
He started as a part-time villain.
Already he's got a full-time show start tomorrow.
And so, things are moving so fast with him.
I wouldn't get too carried away.
I think it'll happen.
You know, they're punishing everybody else besides the people that they have to punish.
Yeah.
Well, they don't want to pay them off.
You hit it when you said money.
They don't want to pay them off to go away.
But I'm sure if they put Scotty on the morning with four hours,
I'm sure they'll make them money back very quickly.
Because he will bring in the ratings that you guys want to bring in,
which is the young ratings.
Well, let me ask you want to pay Howard to go away?
Oh, I would pay him.
If I had the money, I would pay him.
No, no, I didn't say if you had the money.
I said you want to pay him to go away because the, uh, the beesleaf shirt is not going to do that.
I would pay him because I, like I said before, I think Scotty would bring in the ratings from six to ten.
If he want to go up against Howard, they should go up against Howard to four fours, not just two hours.
There you go.
You know, I'm not giving him a handicap.
You know, they're punishing everybody except the people that they have to punish.
And on poor Joe Mark, you know, those guys on in the night, they're trying to do their best.
They take away an hour for them.
Yeah, they're taking away the only hour that they might actually reach an audience once he comes away.
And that show has been cursed since the beginning when they used to have money through Friday.
You know, where they had to go.
Yeah, that's another point, right?
This, this guy had to be in the programming.
You know, and I feel bad for them because they're trying, you know, and they're out of the,
you know, well, you worked in the, you know, hard was.
They sit around my pool and they hate me.
Yeah.
You know, I, I, I, I, I, I, I got all your comments down.
And we'll pass along to the authorities.
He was good, but he could go out until midnight.
Well, he was worked up, you know, he at least is one of those people who, uh, has strong feelings about it.
As opposed to a lot of wimpy, wishy, washy people out there.
Don't forget to join George, Volka, Brian, Benavoy and Miguel, this afternoon.
Happy hour five to seven at Treasure Island, located right off the Palmetto just north of the 120-second street exit.
It's legendary by now.
Stop by to win some Marlon tickets and enjoy drink specials while you're there.
Got it. Got it.
Here's the fact that says, well, this is nice.
Congratulations on going back to 10 to 2 in the chance to follow William from a real morning drive host.
I truly believe this will result in the highest way to Neil Rogers show ever,
with the numbers going through the roof.
Oh.
No one really cares about the dirty boys already.
K and Q and M will continue with the two-hour dolphin puff piece hosted by the man dog.
Oh, no, that's a shot at the man dog, but nevertheless,
but Hank pulled a coup with his less play for same pay.
I like that.
Less play for same pay.
Excellent.
Nice going, Hopper.
Anybody can do it, man.
He taught him well.
He took the ball and ran with it.
Well, at least he, uh, kind of waddled over to the dinner table.
I do see this as being the first shove of Howard David out the door while the final nail in the cup
and they come with the future edition of Juan from Little Havana,
the five to eight competing with the three-stugious morning sports show.
Oh, you know something.
There's a programming idea.
Juan from Little Havana along with Stuttering Steve and Dennis.
Again, congratulations, Neil.
It says, and Bolivist, thank you so very, very much.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It's an exciting day for us, at least for me anyway.
I don't know about George Kierz that much.
She's got to get up anyway.
He gets kid off the school right.
That's all good.
It's all good.
Just like a bubble would say, take a look at it.
Put it in your mouth.
It's all good.
Is that what he would say?
148 votes on a poll.
What's your take on our new lineup on WQM?
It's right there looking at bold letters on our website.
157 votes, like I said.
Don't care.
Only listen to the show is 66.
42%.
Love it.
Big improvement.
48.
Who's Mohawar Davided?
15.
It's OK.
10.
Like it better the way it was.
8.
Who's Scott Farrell?
6.
And I hate it only 4.
Out of 157 votes.
It's certainly not going to be unanimous because if it was unanimous, we wouldn't put the poll
on it in the first place, even though it is a good way to kill some time.
And secondly, you know, if we thought that everybody would love it, why would we ask the question?
Right?
If you already know the answer up front.
I mean, we'll be like that pool, which we haven't done yet, that you know, paper or plastic.
You wipe with your right hand or your left hand or both front to back or back to front.
See that's the kind of stuff that got Joe and Mark on overnight.
Or side to side.
Don't forget that.
Side by each.
Yeah, kind of like your cheeks.
Right.
They're side by each.
Here's a call from West Palm Beach.
Rhymes would side by each.
Hello.
What are you saying, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Can you imagine four boxes that have to get up to five o'clock tomorrow to put a work in here?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
Who?
That's worse than the emergency.
Yeah, you're right.
Listen, you have to take stuff.
One may say that classic entertainer is mistakes.
You know what that is?
He tried to do something that he ain't very good at.
And not smart enough to even try to play off of you the biggest thing in top radio in South Florida.
Yeah.
He tried to take you on.
Yeah, we sure gave him the opportunity to have a lot of fun with it.
And he just he can't do it.
He fun is not in his vocabulary.
He don't do it.
And let me tell you something.
He better get that other 22 months because every building broken sound is going to cost about $12 million.
So I hope he gets his money for the next 42 months, but I pay him off.
Right after they pay man the chop.
Okay.
Well, why do you have a great thing?
Boy, there's certainly something that's the way the show is.
We don't pull any punches.
We don't sit here and try to protect anybody.
You know, I don't want to say what do you say if they get a little bit too carried away.
If they want to rip somebody a real big ass who happens to be somebody we like.
Of course, we don't like that many people.
Now we like most of the people in the building.
There's that good folks in there.
Those like George Corso in engineering.
Boy, you talk about a guy who's floating his way through life.
Now, we get Jimmy Yelton in there who's a real engineer.
He used to work with me at IOD, Ryan Z.
Wherever it was, a hundred years ago.
Maybe not a hundred.
But third man.
And just in one day.
Yesterday he fixes our fax machine.
It was totally faxed up.
It was just screwed up to beat the band.
And then line five was his been out of commission.
It screws up our whole phone bank.
That thing's been out for months.
Right.
See, George Corso was not only lazy, but he doesn't care.
He doesn't care.
And fix it all.
I had to do with screaming howler a little bit, which I probably didn't need to scream in howler.
But I got a lot of practice and bring it to his attention.
But I'm being there you go.
It was, they were both fixed.
I'm pretty guy.
They're impressed by that.
You know what?
Yeah.
By an engineer that really cares enough to do a little bit of work.
And just like fat Julio that they screwed over and pushed out the door.
There was a really good guy.
Love you Julio.
Good man.
Care about the equipment.
Care about our studio.
Care about his job.
As opposed to like a snothead like George Corso, who's a little underling.
Who knows that he's protected.
But he's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
He's got the protection of John Frenche.
The number one Asian buffet restaurant in the universe is
Emerald Coast with three locations free.
I'm all you want to go and really pick out this is the place.
They're in sunrise, north Miami Beach,
and their newest location in prestigious Pemberg Pines.
Start your mouthwatering experience with any or all of their
six different delicious soups like that egg drop and
wanton and hot and sour.
And then sample dozens of second and on trays like New York
Stiff made order at the gourmet center,
a sizzling Asian grill with grilled shrimp scampy style,
jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon,
dunginess crab and ginger and scallions,
and even hand-carb prime rib.
And don't forget to check out the New Oriental Chicken Salad.
There's so many different things to choose from.
Not third man.
You won't know where to start or stop.
So don't just keep shoveling it down.
The Emerald Coast buffet promotes healthy cookin' too.
You'll never walk out of that place with the headache because
no cornstarch, no MSG, no crab,
and they cook all their fine cuisine only with cholesterol-free oils.
There buffet features a full salad bar, a sushi bar,
a fresh rim cocktail, and because you deserve it,
they've got a big disgusting dessert station feature
in your favorite food.
You can't just drink pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream,
with all your favorite toppings, and fresh fruit.
They even be heaven watermelon most of the time too.
So check out the Emerald Coast when you're eating out a big appetite
and you want to take the whole gang to pick out.
They're in sunrise, pine island of 44th Street.
They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd, North Miami Beach.
And at the intersection of Salmingo and Pemberton Road,
in Pemberton, Pines.
Take your family or book your next business lunch and ride.
Now all-size-parties welcome.
Let the folks at Emerald Coast do the cookin' for you.
Take out delivery always available too.
Call 954-572-3822.
954-572-3822 for a fantastic feast always.
It's the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
We're sports radio five-sefeet UAM.
For David's a bitch.
Daddy, we have a bitch.
As you are, bitch.
Mommy, get there, baby.
What do you think I'm doing here, idiot?
Did you grow up on a sitcom or something?
Family, is it about time you left?
You're a real hot dog.
He's missing drugs you buy.
The Church of Latter-day Seed Nists.
10-1-560-WDQM.
It's a not just a happy Wednesday.
It's a spectacular Wednesday.
Oh!
Ignoma's stick about it.
At least for some of us.
Slap happy.
That's right.
We are slap happy.
In fact, the Muff City come in and slap the boner boy around a little bit.
At least those were some of the words that may have not put him in the right order.
Here's the facts from Jennifer and Miami who says,
Dear Mr. Rogers, I was watching C-SPAN 2 yesterday.
And the commissioners of the FCC were conducting a discussion regarding the June 2nd decision about huge media conglomerates.
Like we have now with Cheap Channel.
I'm so angry that these big corporations and CEOs think they can dictate what news is suitable for me.
Do we care in the US anymore, as Jennifer?
No.
No, we don't.
Well, at least most don't.
That's why you got it.
When does the revolution start?
Well, Jennifer and Miramar, I hate to break the news here.
But most people in the US are, no, no, no, no, no, like that.
Just exactly like, no, no, no, no, no, that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
How are David and Steve Goldstein are being pushed deeper into the night?
What a line.
Tom Jik has redeemed himself.
You know, it's hard to cover up for as many sins as he's committed with just one quick line like that.
Almost a throw away.
But at least in my book, he's got redemption just about, he's about 80% of the way.
Well, maybe not even.
He's getting there.
He's on the road of redemption.
Good old little Tommy Jika.
Always knew he could do it, Tom.
Always knew you could come around to our way.
Well, here's the new QM lineup.
Mo and Geldie, 5 to 8 AM, Pharrell, 8 to 10.
Neal, 10 to 2.
Back to 10 and just seeing that in print.
Oh!
So exciting.
I could squeeze my kneecap.
I could squeeze that spot on my left testicle, that's healing up very nicely from the end grown here.
Mad Dog 2 to 4.
That should be good.
All right.
And what was that?
I know he likes playing with the audience, but I mean, what was that crap he was giving yesterday?
But he's staying there from 1 to 2 and whether he's going to be there.
Did you hear that?
No.
Well, that's right.
He does the sports show.
You don't listen.
How about phone or board?
You hear that?
No, I missed that.
I was here working.
He was putting the audience on again when that crap about, yeah, I was going to be like a like a battle.
Like if I think I'm going back to 10 to 2, he was just a fun on them, you know?
And of course, some of those sports nerds out there, they believe it.
Thank for the...
Did you interrupt me again?
Thank for the 7.
On days when we got nothing else before 7, I'm telling you, this, this, this, uh, Goldberg guy.
You know what he did to them?
He did exactly what we needed to do to Ariel Shiro and the Israelis.
He chewed them down.
Marlon's 7 to 10, Eddie K. 10 to 2 in Joanne Mark 2 to 5.
What's your take on the new schedule we asked?
We've got already 192 votes.
Jesus Christ.
Don't care only listening to the show 39%, 75.
Who do have no interest in the rest of the programming on QAM?
Love it, big improvement, 61.
Oh!
31.7%.
Who's more Howard David at 19?
It's okay, 17.
The people say it's okay, they don't want to be like too carried away like love it.
That's too enthusiastic for them, see?
Right.
So it's kind of like a lukewarm endorsement.
Not great, but it's okay.
Yeah, see, just like Phil says it.
Like, okay.
Yeah, see.
Not great, you know, not even okay, but like, okay.
Kind of men's a men's a.
Uh, uh, uh, I liked it better than the way it was before 8.
Who's Scott Farrell 8?
And he did only 4 out of almost 200 votes, 196.
Seems to me, the audience is giving their rubber stamp of approval, aren't they?
Yep.
So far.
Now, like I said, we're, we, we welcome Scott Farrell to the full-time line of on QAM with open arms and legs and even in some cases,
go with not this one, but at any rate and he just better not blow it, you know?
I mean, this is not WNW, this is not OP and Anthony.
I mean, we do have Vlad and Anthony.
In fact, maybe Vlad and Anthony would be doing 5 to 8 pretty soon.
I don't know, 5 to 6.
What do you think?
See, I don't want to think out loud because that would be bad.
I have no, uh, death wish for anybody, although I will make one exception.
I think you can imagine who that might be.
Not a literal death wish.
All I would dance on is grave.
But in most cases, I would make that exception.
I mean, if he happens not to be there working anymore very soon and if Farrell does 6 to 10,
which I'm positive that's what they've got in mind.
I mean, not that anybody told me that in so many words.
But I'm positive that's what they're thinking in the back of the mind and the middle of their mind.
Even if they have to wait those 22 longer, scruciating months.
See what I'm saying?
Right.
And then they got the automatic Joe and Mark there who are like flexible like an accordion.
Because Joe is a good Italian boy.
He's like one of those guinea grinders things, whatever those are.
Like regular accordions?
The guinea grinder.
And so they can like do 2 to 5 or 2 to 6, whatever they can expand, they can contract.
Kind of like boner boys.
Correct.
Ask. That's what must said.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
I just, I feel like somebody is stuck a feather in my rectum.
That's how excited I am about this whole uh, and and this came like out of nowhere to me.
Right.
Like out of the blue.
I'm on vacation.
I have a really crappy time in Amsterdam, which is a toilet right now and a weather was awful.
And come back here and go through all kinds of delays of customs with 80 million questions.
And finally get back here.
And of course I got that big thing in the other room, which has finally gone.
I don't want to say what it was.
Well, they're intentions were good.
No, was that SARS, okay?
Although it didn't have an S in fact had some of those letters in the beginning of the brand name of it.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hey, what's up now?
How you doing, sir?
All right.
Hey, no, I wanted to contribute a couple of things.
Go right ahead.
Here's a poll that you might want down the line.
Before you get here, before I get to your poll, I ask you this question.
Can you feel the enthusiasm and excitement generating right through your radio speaker today?
I can feel it.
Yeah.
I mean, it's coming down the pike.
Okay.
You know what?
This every guy called before he said it, he would get off.
I couldn't get it off fast enough on the water too, by the way.
But my turn was what's the best rendition of VAP 30 for us or the one you got.
And then I got a statement from all over the man.
I got a statement from all over the corner when I put it down.
Finally.
What do you say he's got his ass on the door?
Don't let the door hitch in the ass in a way.
Exactly what he said.
I see.
See, you can't fool me, man.
I've been around these sticks too long.
I picked up a little on the side, not from them.
560, 560, 0.560.
There were no fixin' Amsterdam.
I will say that.
So in other words, it wasn't a total loss.
No, there were just no tourists.
And if anybody missed the show the other day yesterday, let me just give you a warning again.
Don't go to Amsterdam.
Well, let's you know when the green light is out again, if that ever happens.
I don't think it's going to be any time soon.
It's going to be years down the road.
Don't get sucked into wasting your precious vacation days and your precious vacation dollars
by going to a place that used to be sensational and a lot of fun
and now is an outdoor toilet.
In fact, it's so bad there right now that you almost feel compelled to take your pants down
like out in the middle of the dam, where I can just take a crap right there on the sidewalk.
You know, huh?
Well, no, it's an outdoor toilet.
You wouldn't even feel guilty about doing that because isn't that where you're supposed to do those things?
Is it like an toilet?
Well, that's what you're in when you're in Amsterdam.
I say that with great sadness because I used to love it as you know.
In these idiots that we're calling, see though, I blame those people for like in and blame myself for being weak.
Well, near the used to talk about Amsterdam all the time, how come you're burned out because it sucks?
Okay?
Because it sucks.
That's like going to a fine steakhouse and there's a steak sitting out on the table on a plate that's from like 15 years ago.
And 15 years ago it was a beautiful delicious steak right out of the broiler, you know?
But now 15 years later, it's a little oldie and moldy and nasty and grotesque.
And you might not want to sink your teeth into it too fast.
You catch my drift?
The message being staying away from that Dutch meat.
Listen to the...
Like I'm not going to listen to a dolphin game.
Ten past ten at five sixty, WQA and five sixty seven, O five sixty,
pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Plus of course the best part of this whole deal for me is I get to sleep like to a civilized hour now.
Oh!
Now, seriously, it's been like doing a morning show, doing this nine to one crap.
It's like neither fish nor foul.
It's like not doing a midday show that I did for years.
It's like having to get up early enough almost like you're doing a goddamn morning show.
So I'm still getting up like at six fifteen.
Now I can sleep to seven like a...
About third man!
...for like almost half past seven.
Which is like a normal time of getting up.
As opposed to like having to get up at two forty five in the morning to weave your hairpiece.
Oh, that's...
You know, even for him, I almost have to feel a little sympathy there.
Is that sad?
I mean, don't you know that you've basically hit the end of the road when you have to get up at two thirty, two forty in the morning?
Yeah, but don't...
People that age...
They don't want to watch a lot of rain.
And it doesn't take several minutes to pick out depending on the mood you're in when you get up in the morning.
You look outside, check out the weather, the shade of the piece that you want to wear that day.
And then you'll be wet and blended.
Huh?
One of them is Scotch Guard, did I understand, for rainy days.
Here's Cutler Ridge. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Hi, good afternoon. Good morning, anyway.
Good evening.
How you doing?
Okay.
You're the breadwinner, obviously you're the breadwinner at the station.
I sure am.
How you doing?
I just want the questions, one for my son before I let you go.
But let me save you.
After twenty years for me listening to Tom K. Radio.
And following you wherever you go and enter QAO, I'm like this here.
That morning show was doing fine with Joe Rose and the rest of those guys.
Right.
They brought in, I mean, I couldn't take his voice, but I learned to adapt to it.
As a native born and raised here, I think one of the things that make your show so great is that it's local.
And you touch on local things the same thing I've been on the other day.
Right, like for the weather in Toronto, right?
Well, not just that.
We get it.
That also is interesting, your trip here and your vacation.
But the morning show lost all that.
You bringing Howard David, he knew nothing about the dolphins.
He didn't care to get out there and try and personalize himself with the dolphins.
And that's how that show went by the wayside.
So what now is the all season?
What's for real is going to do.
Now what happens?
I'm saying we're going to have when the Miami dolphins start to play.
These fans, we're going to eat him up.
You know, it's one thing to know, huh?
But we want somebody that's local.
You know, they're really doing the fine with and they do.
Now, did that thing I want to ask before I went?
Now, I don't want to add this risk to sound really stupid.
My son took this PE test.
Yeah.
And he owned hockey.
Now, of course, you know, I'm black.
We like basketball and football.
Right.
He has things.
What's the hatchery?
And my first person I thought about was Neil Robbins.
Yeah.
I said, I'm going to call you because I've been thinking about it about a year now.
What's the hatchery?
That's when you cover up a bad hair piece with a, uh...
Now, the hatchery is when a player scores three goals in a game.
Oh, any player scores three goals in a game.
Right.
If he scores three goals in the same game,
and then what they do, the tradition is they throw hats out on the ice.
It's when the player scores three goals in the same game.
It's a long, standing tradition.
Oh, okay.
I appreciate it.
No one ever explained this to me.
Well, there you go.
Thank you, Neil.
Don't ever say this is not an educational throw-sweet art.
Gotcha.
Have a great day.
Thank you, too.
Bye.
So she's rippin' for a little bit of an ass there right off the bat.
She's putting him on guard, okay, on Scotch guard.
Right off the bat.
Scotch guard.
They don't want to hear no, uh, jets crap.
They don't want to hear no out of town or stuff.
They want, no seriously.
They want somebody who is really into the local stuff.
Now I did hear for Reldy other day when, whatever day he was on.
Going on about, um, how he's lived there for like a hundred years.
How many years do you say it wouldn't suffer?
About 30, man.
Something like that.
So he's familiar with the local scene, but he just better really get emotionally into it.
I don't want to like laid out a law, but we don't need another New York reject.
You know what I'm saying?
We don't want any more of that New York stuff, and people's relatives and families come out of the games with jets caps and jets outfits on it.
That's, that's not going to fly.
That alienates the crowd out there, okay?
You follow them saying, oh, I, I think I think that's your problem.
I think if you do a little bit more enthusiastic about the South Florida sports team, like me, you know, like the Patriots saying, 10, 14 at 560 WQM,
the Neil Deals just keep on rolling out like an assembly line at Tom Lehman and Joe Paret or Hall of Pontiac GMC.
And here is what's going on right now.
Neil Deals number one gets yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock.
And Neil Deals number two gets you up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC and Pontiac in stock.
And for a military personnel, listen to this.
Get yourself an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Hall of Right Now.
And here's a Neil end of the month deal, but you only have a very limited time.
It's a 20, 20, 20, 20, like four days left.
Tom and Joe will take an additional $500 bucks off on some of the Pontiacs and GMC's most popular models, but act quick because like I said, the Neil Deals is only good through the end of the month for more days.
And of course, Hall of Right has always has got a great selection of dependable pre-owned cars, trucks, SUVs, and credit is never a problem when you do your car shopping and help they'll treat you right.
How did Pontiac GMC, that's what they've been in business in the same great location for over 35 long, excruciating years, that's 130 for 01 South Fixie Highway, US 1 across from the falls, open every day, seven days a week.
If you want more info on those Neil Deals, call the Neil Deals Hotline Tool 3 from anywhere is 1-885-3442-11.
That's 1-885-3442-11 and don't forget all Neil Deals subject to credit approval.
See Neil Deals report details at how it potty act GMC even Bonoboy will tell you they really are professional grades.
And beat that Jator Meek.
I like it.
I like it.
And now, here's comical Ali, the former Iraqi minister of information with today's Hollywood Minute.
America can't get enough of the number one blackbuster tour de force movie it runs in the family.
This brilliant work is smashing Bucks Office records.
Sexy infidel Michael Douglas has never acted or looked better.
His son Cameron is the most talented young actor in the business.
And Kirk Douglas is such a professional, one can't even tell he had a massive stroke.
Go see it runs in the family America if you can find a ticket that is with the Hollywood Minute.
I'm Mohamed Saiz al-Sahawk. We will be head you all.
Stay tuned to this station for more updates from the Iraq's minister of information.
I think he'd be a hoop between 5 and 6 a.m. You know what? I'm just thinking that.
Oh boy, it's the one to two hours.
Just practicing for tomorrow.
Well, this is exciting. This is a moment I never dreamed in my wildest expectations that this could possibly happen.
Especially when you're working for a bozo like Greg.
Join George, Volka, Brian, Beeneer Boy and Miguel the Safnoon for a happy hour.
That's where I went. He goes to Treasure Island. He is Boener Boy and Miguel.
Find the seven happy hour Treasure Island the Safnoon located off the Palmetto.
Just over the 120 second street exit. Stop by to win some Marlon tickets.
Enjoy drinks, specials while you're there.
Of course, the feature of the day will be the lovely whatever her name is.
The lovely Boener Boy.
The new QAM lineup is on our website. Take a look at it. Read it and weep.
Take a look starting right there on the top. Mohamed Geltty 5 to 8 a.m.
See the good part of the list. A lot of our people out there probably sleep till about 745, 815.
Maybe even the eye.
And so by the time they got up, that's already gone.
You know, like they took some kind of an oral animal.
What's your take? Don't care only less than the show 95.
37.6%. Love it. Big improvement. 81.32.1%. Sounds promising.
It's okay 24. Who's Mohawar David at 22? Who's Scott Farrell 17?
I think I actually could do that if I can. I don't want to.
I could do that. Does it hurt? Oh, yeah.
Lighted better the way it was 9 and hated only 4.
So those last two cataracts out of 252 votes. A shocking total.
See, I told you yesterday we had some big stuff coming this weekend.
There were some doubting promises out there who think that I was just making it up doing a little April fool.
A little bit delayed. Whatever.
We don't mess around on issue. I've told you 50 million times we don't exaggerate and we don't mess around.
We don't make up stories, you know.
Especially when you work in QA and who the hell has to make up stories right when you have to kind of
make him and psychosis that goes on on a regular basis on this radio.
See, the one thing I really like about Farrell, even though I don't know him.
I've never seen him. I've never met him. I've never spoken to him.
But I know for sure, if sure as my fat ass is sitting in this very nice office chair right now,
that he isn't going to try to get anybody canned.
No.
Huh? No.
No, you see what I'm saying?
If there was nothing else, right?
If there was the only redeeming quality that he had, that would be such a major improvement in terms of the psychological
makeup of QIM.
Even if I made fun of his wig and sent you his emails.
Right. Or made fun of his checkered pants.
Or whatever the hell he's wearing.
And they're all filing lawsuits against me for having a boom box at the pool.
Yeah, see? You don't give a crap.
He's just one of those people who just lay back and stoned off his ass and, you know,
whatever, you don't care.
As opposed to some other devious people who are coming to the lights of which I've never encountered in my life.
And they want to get everybody fired to do it.
If you look at him cross-eyed, if he makes him comment about his lime green pants being a little bit too light for the weather, whatever whatever it might be.
Try to like browbeat his way through life.
Well, maybe this is the reason that certain people wind up being shown to the door.
Time after time after time after time because maybe that whole routine just wears a little bit thin.
I can't stop.
Well, I know that. And that's unfortunate.
Now, what is Ramsay? What does that mean? Is this Patsy or Ramsay on a phone?
What is he?
Ramsay. Ramsay, new Jersey. Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir. How are you?
I'm doing great. You're in Ramsay, New Jersey.
Yeah, I'm listening to you on the computer which is normally reserved for like internet porn.
Right. Love it.
We're working on it.
Well, I still have my clothes off though.
I just want to do a make comment on Porello and Howard also.
Okay.
First of all, for anybody who thinks that Porello isn't going to have anything to talk about when he's down there when sports is over,
or boy, are they, boy, are they sadly mistaken?
And I now think that Howard's career has the half-life of a cheese sandwich in the Sahara Desert.
Which is probably where he'll be doing his next show from.
Uh-huh.
You know, he could send them back up north here so we can give him a decent burial scene and the Hudson River, you know.
He's not allowed back.
Yeah. No.
It wouldn't surprise me.
Ever since he made that comment on the Jets game, gang rape is funny. That was the end of him.
Well, let me just leave you with this. Where there's Pharrell?
There's Fire.
All right.
We'll listen to you tomorrow.
Thanks, Pally.
How do you like that?
Calling from Jersey already to promote Pharrell, huh?
We didn't have no calls from Jersey when most started, did we?
Uh, well, we did not.
Not positively.
Now, what's going to happen with the, I guess, and that's another good thing about this, because I'll be sleeping at about 7.30.
And so, by the time I wander in here, I won't be hearing any of the, whatever that show is.
Well, I can't go to show.
You got the roll tape?
No, I will not be rolling tape.
I will not be hearing one word of that thing, which is really another reason that I'm so enthusiastic.
God, there are just so many.
Carlos can give us an update every day.
Yeah, Beanerboy, he am monitors. He's our spy, Bonerboy.
He wants to hear what name they're using for him on this given day.
I think he likes you, man. I think that's where that Bonerboy you're from.
I think he's into a Beanerboy.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hey, Neon, how are you?
Great.
Hey, this is a good day.
I'm pretty happy about the results of the new lineup.
The only thing that I can see is being a negative.
Well, first of all, let's just say that I'm really happy that Matt Dog has still got his two hours.
Right.
Then the happiest part of the entire move is that Hank has less hours.
I'm sure he would have, I'm sure he'd agree with you.
Absolutely.
Can he start?
Well, but I'm, he would agree with that reason, but he'd agree that he's delighted to work for your hours and could pay the same money.
Absolutely. Well, good for him.
I'm ready for it.
That's good for him.
And, and the really good reason is that, is that I don't listen to Howard.
I do listen to Toast Run and that Cornhole.
And I will not have to listen to Cornhole anymore.
All right.
And George, one last thing.
Don't have another child.
The writing's on the wall.
Jack.
I listened to my little brother.
That's dope.
Woo!
Yeah, don't hold back folks.
If you hated the job that George did last week and or a boner boy, don't hold back.
Okay. We're not holding back anymore on his show.
They've, they've given us like a signal.
Okay, they were kind of like tit-tolling on the walking on eggshells for a little while there.
And then finally all of a sudden, a big pair of drop-over nipples for some reason unbeknownst to us.
And we're not going to ask any questions.
We're just running with it, you know?
Just like when Duff came in yesterday and said, run with it. Have a good time.
And that what he said?
Something like that.
Here's the fact that from Quincy in Miami, he says, so, so no mo, mo.
Actually, I think I'm going to miss him.
The reason why I say this is because he's the only person who will still walk around with the dead animal on his head.
After all the attention and you and George created to the thing, that thing.
You see, most problems he took too long to notice that his attitude sucks.
And nobody likes him only the hair piece.
Go, Scott, go, Scott, near your God.
No, mo, mo, mo, blow. Please go.
I can't stop.
Oh, man, I wish you could see this thing.
I wish we had like television for just a few seconds.
Well, we can put it up.
It's a beautiful thing.
I'm trying to find it.
Hey, kids, stop.
Yeah, that's what he was trying to stay.
Hey, kids, stop.
The pressure with this and the girl forget it is Wednesday.
So we got our all-comedy bits new into one hour to kind of like give you a little bit of levity to lighten things up a little bit.
Especially when you got water up your armpits.
See, I do love that local aspect.
And what I call this being local like from a distance.
That's the way I love South Florida.
Slide in local.
We're sports radio, spicy, healing, UAM.
WQAM.
Well, he's a tele-hazzy Nazi.
Who got the money from his daddy?
And if I said my little bratty?
Who wins an agenda that's crappy?
Who will he tele-hazzy Nazi?
No, but they are ballet.
Well, he's a president who's on.
Who doesn't have to run?
And when else is on, oh, and he might as well just move right in.
Sing hard, sing hard, sing hard, sing hard.
He has a golden spoon.
He was born with some disaster.
So look out all you Jews.
Get ready for the gasp.
He's a tele-hazzy Nazi.
Oh, hey.
He'll give our civil rights to WAMP.
Oh, I see a tele-hazzy Nazi.
So above the ballet.
Well, he's a very wealthy Jew.
With very badges views, who never pay his dues?
My next year will all be screwsing hard.
Sing hard, sing hard, sing hard.
Any smart could win that race against Buddy McCay.
Why do you think they call it Cuba?
Vitorial, anyway.
He's a tele-hazzy Nazi.
Oh, he'll make the KKK happy.
Or a tele-hazzy Nazi.
You're a gasoline.
Come on, let's do steps.
Come on, let's go.
Let's go for the...
1033 on a Martin Borwin show, 27 before 11 o'clock.
You got Mad Dog at one.
This is the last day for this schedule ever.
This is a critical day in your life, Sound Florida.
Most people aren't even aware of it yet.
I love what Bonerboy did.
I just noticed this by accident,
because I usually...
Yeah, later in the day.
I see the way he's presented the stories,
the bedtime stories that I faxed to him.
All right.
Now, do you see this, George?
I'm looking down.
The article by Tom Jicca about the programming changes,
and it says, article by Tom Jicca,
go figure he actually wrote something about radio.
Oh!
Nice going, Boner.
Thank you.
Give a little shot to Little Tommy Jicca there.
And while deserved, I should point out.
Very well deserved.
Now, what is this?
Attention, Charlie.
Can you add this?
What is this?
That's from Troy.
Well, what is it?
It's something you're supposed to add to the copy.
One moment, please.
The biggest loser in the episode of the QAM ongoing soap opera
is Bill Zimper and the Dolphin fans.
Will most still be the voice?
Sure.
Yes.
Yes, he will.
Yes, Zimper got screwed over big time.
But what can I tell you?
And of course the mad dog.
What could he say?
We all know who he felt about it.
Now, well, what is this?
First time customers.
Like I'm supposed to be able to read this thing that you just
thanks to me.
Hey, Troy, I hate to break the news to you sweetheart.
Since you stood out an hour before this spot,
did I really do check out here either they're not?
No, it's in the next hour.
I realize it's an awful lot of work, Troy.
But you're going to wind up just like bleeding,
oozing stuff, coming postules in your ass.
If you don't sit down and type, when did doubt type it out?
I can't read it.
I can't make out any more other than say Charles off here
reading the address number, which we already know that.
You know?
Right.
So I'll be delighted to add this to the copy
by the time it's the spot runs.
But I'm going to have to be able to read it.
I understand it's quite a concept, Troy,
for some of you dark folks to be able to understand.
But it's just the way things are, okay?
Print it out right on his forehead and put them on the facts machine.
Stand them on his head.
The new QAM lineup is right there on neo-rodgers.com for you to peruse.
It's there in big bowl letters.
We have 297 votes.
What's your take?
Don't care.
Only listen to Neo show 108.
36.3%.
That's called exclusive keelm.
Is that what they call it?
Okay.
Love it.
Big improvement 97.
32.5%.
It's okay.
31.
Who's more Howard David at 22?
Who's Scott for REL22?
I think that's being manipulated.
Like that better the way it was before 12 and hated 5.
Out of 304 votes.
I get complained at every single day.
Everybody wants to evict me.
24 before 11 at a QAM.
Let's do Port St. Lucie.
Hello.
Neo.
Yes, sir.
Congratulations on the changes, sir.
No doubt in my mind that it will be helpful for your program.
And for my life.
For my life.
No doubt.
It must be nice.
It's been a while since you had a lead in.
I've only listened to a couple of times.
It seems like you could hold his own on a close port today.
That's the beauty of him.
He only talks about 40% sports and 60% wild crap.
Whatever he has on his mind.
Excuse me for asking.
It's pointing to me where the logic fails here.
Now that you're moving back to your natural times plot.
I mean, syndication becomes more of a viable option because nobody has a syndicated show 9-1.
Like you pointed out a Zillion times.
Right.
You're out on the wet pond beach market.
Even though you don't advertise there.
And basically there's an FM talk station owned by ClearChain.
And I know right away you're going to say, well, it's owned by ClearChain.
Like you never get on there.
But I mean the ClearChain on FM talk station in Orlando has Howard Stern as their morning show.
Yeah.
And I mean, you're already kicking their ass on what they're offering up during the midday.
You have like a five share at a out of market AM signal.
I mean, you pop you on FM and you're instantly the number one show for men in that market.
So I mean, are your people talking to their people?
You know, seeing if anybody's interested in making a deal.
I mean, what would be the downside for you and what would be the downside for easily making that happen?
Because it's not like you're generating any revenue out there.
You get something you're getting nothing from now.
You understand what I'm saying?
I'm sure you do.
I'm all for it.
I'm all for it.
In fact, you must be psychic because as of a couple days ago, Georgia was telling me that there's some things being discussed.
So okay, well, at least I mean, I don't care if it doesn't work out, but man, just somebody needs to start the ball roll and see if that's a possibility.
Yeah, well, I know it won't be normal.
I can't.
I know that.
So we'll have to grab the ball by ourselves.
Well, get an agent, man.
Start spreading the word around here that you know, maybe like to be on a wet palm on a nice clear FM signal.
I'd like to be on in Dayton, Broward on a nice clear FM signal.
I'll tell you that.
Have a great day, Pally.
Yeah, you too.
Bye.
So you know you go there's a guy wants to show syndicated and we say, yeah, we go back to 10 to 2.
That's the time slot that every radio station has.
It's like a real time slot shows are on from like 6 to 10, 10 to 2 to 6.
Think all of these things.
That's how radio works.
I know that's comes a great revolutionary concept to Greg Reed and the normal Kent.
Of course, no, I can't does a show from like 8 to 9 on a make believe station and nobody hears.
Don't call again, though, Norm.
Please don't get carried away.
Don't overdo it.
It's nice here in your voice, but let's not get too carried away.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Pound 5 60 on the 18 and T in Verizon line.
It's going to take a conscious effort.
You do realize that tomorrow because we're all creatures of habit.
It's going to take a conscious effort to set the alarm clock for an hour later and to actually be prepared.
Be ready to go back to do in 10.
See, 9 o'clock, my metabolism isn't ready.
You know what I mean?
I mean, it sounds silly.
But you're just when you're in a habit for years and years.
It's like people who do morning shows.
I mean, people, oh, gee, how are we going to get up 4.30 in the morning?
But when you do it for years and years and years, people like Carl D'Sou's and JP McCarthy and, you know, some of those old timers that did morning radio for, what was the guy in JP?
I just say that.
I just said that.
Herboscarandasin, that's what I'm thinking, wabc.
You get in the, your body gets in that.
And then all of a sudden when you have this dramatic change, like certain people that have to get up now like a 2.30 in the morning, dust off their hair piece, it's going to be quite like shocking.
What do you think?
I sure hope it doesn't affect his health.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and T line.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
I'm so going.
Okay, that's the new 5 to 6 AM guy.
No, I just have a feeling that is the weeks and months rule on, you know, and as the payoff number becomes less and less.
And of course, all depending on this, where are we now?
Oh, the summer book is going to, what are we?
See, I'm lost.
Do you remember March, April and May?
So the spring book is 2 thirds of the way through, 2 thirds.
But if for example, in the summer book, when that thing comes out and you go through the hour by hours and if 5 through 8 AM is like more about what it has been and 8 to 10 is a real spike and real increase.
You see where I'm going with this?
No, where to the break?
My life and love.
This is 4205 60.
What is UAM?
3, 4, 3, 2, 1 big shot.
Oh, that's how we pass the time away in the game, Jaila.
Hey, Steve.
Hey, Jim. Say, did you get a haircut?
Nope.
Boy, cause there's something different about you, buddy.
What's different about Jim?
He just asked his doctor about Viagra.
Hey, Jim. Have you lost weight?
Nope. In fact, I've gained a few inches.
If you know what I mean, Viagra.
It can change the way you feel.
Ow, who just caught me in the ribs?
Oh, hi, Jim. Have you been working out?
Nope. But I'm feeling pretty pumped up.
See the difference Viagra can make in your life.
Oh, Jim. Is that pocket fisherman in her pants?
No, but I am in the mood to troll for Smapper.
Viagra, it'll change you for the better.
Hi there, Jim. Say, did you get a raise?
Yeah.
You could say that.
Ask your doctor about a free sample of Viagra.
But please, wait until you get home, good sake, Juan.
Ah, yeah!
1044 at 560. It's always a good place to hang a laundry, I guess.
Here's a fact from somebody who's just you for it, who's in hysterics.
It says it's a great, this is a chronic factor.
It's a great day of QA and that place has to be jumping.
Congrats to you and George and Bonerboy.
I'm going back to attend to doing getting a first time lead-in.
First time ever lead-in.
But I'm as pretty as a girl.
Yeah, there you go.
My question is, do you think Guilty wishes he never met Howard David?
Yes.
And how can you say that Howard David show from 5 to 8 without laughing,
5 o'clock?
That's hilarious, it says.
Now, I don't you find that kind of like cruel and unusual punishment
that somebody would rub it in like that?
Yeah, that's terrible.
To have to get up in a wee hours and morning and start to show at 5 o'clock
because they try to like bury you literally and figuratively
and put you in a spot where like nobody can be embarrassed by hearing the boring crap you're putting out.
The patented condescending crap that you're putting on here.
There you go.
Boy, that's separation.
You know what it's like there's going to be, you know, it would almost be,
I'm not, this isn't a knock at Furell because it's great having him as a lead-in.
But even if we had dead air in there will be an improvement.
See what I'm saying?
If we had the radio test pattern from 8 to 10, I'd be going, yeah.
That would be sensational because we need that separation.
In fact, maybe he'll do better away from us.
Maybe we're his problem, you think?
Oh, he said so once.
Maybe once?
Well, then I know what.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
A great day.
This is the dividing line in our lives.
You can feel it, you can smell it.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Miami?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Good, sir.
Hey, congratulations.
Good news all the way around.
The only one problem.
Do you think he can figure out that they're trying to get rid of him?
I mean, for God's sake, senior citizens love being places at 5 o'clock in the morning.
Yeah.
But I'm on during the early bird special and I'll guarantee you he's out the door.
Hi.
Okay, thank you so much.
I'll have a great day.
What do you say?
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
A whole bunch of open lines on there now.
It was a little bit too euphoric here.
I thought the audience was really into this today or not.
Although after yesterday, this is a major improvement.
Yeah, right.
You have to take a little teeny tiny baby steps, especially after all.
I thought we'd sure have a lot more critiques of the job that you and Bonerboy did last week.
You thought that one guy?
No, what do you mean one guy?
I'm sorry, too.
The one guy called twice.
Yeah, that's true.
He did?
Yeah.
Yeah, my fault.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60.
The rumor I'm hearing up here is that you guys did a spectacular job.
That's what I'm hearing.
It was a good job.
I'm thinking that George still ought to be buying Bonerboy a car.
Next door.
No, I mean this is a guy.
It's in almost June.
This weekend will be, we'll be in June.
And here's a punk who's doing a spectacular job on our website.
I should point out.
I'm a phenomenal job.
And he's driving a car that has no air conditioning.
I know.
And if it wasn't for the radio, it cost $800.
And no radio.
How can we get, how can we get a mode David and how, spy reports when we don't have a radio
on his car?
He carries a boom box with him.
Well, hey, I subsidize him every way I can.
Don't most weekends carry a boom box?
No, seriously, I think you ought to be paying somebody's car payment.
So why not him?
How about nice little Kia?
Aren't those very inexpensive?
Al Kia, his car.
Yeah, I bet you will.
Come on, that's what I'm thinking.
Get him a nice little or something.
And this summer, his birthday.
Take care of him.
I'm going to get him a little something.
A birthday next week.
That will be great to go outside and see what day is your birthday?
The fourth.
The fourth of June.
Right.
Okay, so why do people out there in the audience might want to chip in and buy a bean or
a little, maybe like one of those little Corvettes that Volker Brian's always bringing by that.
I don't want, you know, little toy Corvettes or a chivette.
Yeah, that's probably what he'd like to do with it.
Here's Volker.
Hello.
Hey, good morning, you know, what I have today.
It sure is.
Oh, happy day by the Edwin Hawkins fingers.
I wish I had that record right here.
I'd play it now.
Yes.
Payback is sweet.
It just takes a little time.
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, I like the new lineup.
You know, you mentioned something about moseage before.
On Friday, he made a reference that he was in the mid to upper 50s.
And today, he made a reference with a singer that he liked with some birthday and he said,
well, it's in a hurry, just 59.
He's right around there.
Right around there.
Give her take a few years.
About 30, man.
Give her take 15 years.
Right.
Yeah.
He's full of Schmidt and they're pushing him out the door.
I love it.
Okay, I have a great day, pal.
Obviously he's got a little cupcake, you know, with a candle in it.
And he's having his little, little own personal party over there.
I'm sure that many people are celebrating.
It's not that we wish most people any bad luck in their careers in their lives.
But in this case, we do make an exception because never in the history of my life.
And I worked in this business since I was 17 years old.
So that's 43 years.
I worked in a radio business.
And it's a piece of crap.
By the way, it's a garbage business.
And much worse now than ever used to be because at least in the olden days when he had different ownership.
At least there was a possibility of somebody having a little bit of town, a little bit of something.
They had a chance.
Now the chances are slim to none because you got three companies that don't ever go to the radio station in the universe.
But in those 43 years, I've encountered some terrific people, some good friends, some people I could have cared less about, some assholes as in any business.
But I have never encountered anyone with the arrogance, the ego, the psychosis,
the bomb best of this creature, of this man with the weasley hair piece who came into this place and decided he was going to give everybody whatever he was going to throw his weight around.
Believe me, he's got plenty of it to throw around.
He's got a perfect.
And so the fact that he's being, what is the line that Chica used again?
I'm going to save that.
I got it right here.
I'm keeping it close to my heart.
I pushed deeper.
Howard David and Steve Goldstein are being pushed deeper into the night.
I know most of the commentary has been about Moe very little about Gildey, but I will say this Gildey, you made your bed now you're lying in it.
Okay.
Now you're going to lie in it.
You hook your, what's that, what they say you lie to you?
You're a star to the, whatever.
To the bed post overnight.
It's your trailer to that park out of it.
To a piece of turd.
And now you're going to go right down.
So I'm sure there won't be any more of those psychotic calls when I'm in Florida from Gildey.
Oh, what am I going to do?
What am I going to do?
This thing is impossible.
I'm going down the drain.
Well, you're going down.
All right, baby.
When I think of many of the things that were said and he sat there and just peridot right along some of the most grotesque, unacceptable crap.
And the fact that my group post personal buddy, Judge McDonald, that he's been after his job for at least two years now.
How do I speak of that?
What a horrendous game last time.
You watched it.
I'm sure.
Oh, yeah, every minute.
Jersey 300 ox, nothing.
A coma inducer if ever there was one.
Just exactly what you expect with those two teams.
Let's only pray for four straight for a sweep and just get it over with.
Okay.
Get it out of our lives.
And wait for a fresh start next year.
Pemberpines.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Good morning.
We're in the state.
We have decent hours like used to.
Because I remember when you went to nine o'clock,
I used to complain that, oh, I wish I was back at 10 o'clock because people got so used to listening to you.
It took me a long time to listen to get used to listening to you.
Not only that, but everybody who's listening to radio shows, people as you know are creatures of habit.
And people are listening to shows that are on from six to ten.
They've been doing that for years.
So at 10 o'clock, the habit was if they liked this show, they would turn over to me at 10.
And it was like a natural segue.
You know what I mean?
Even the Howard Spurm people, many of them after four hours that was enough even though it ended.
But nevertheless, they would a lot of them turn over to me at 10 o'clock.
It was like a ritual.
It was part of what you do.
And then all of a sudden, they would expect me to come out of the blue and change everybody's listening habits.
You just can't do it.
I mean, we did pretty well in that hour, but it's almost impossible.
Yeah, I mean, you know, the rating showed, you know, when you were, since you went to the nine o'clock hour, you know,
for the whole time that you were doing it, you know, your ratings were good.
I mean, there was nothing wrong with the rating.
But it was our weakest hour in addition to which when a lot of people who would turn in at 10, they missed the first hour.
Right.
So they have no idea what we're talking about, what the show's all about, what the poll is, what's going on.
And it just is like a handicraft.
That's right.
Well, it's great that you're going to have some, you know, a better time slot and have a better person to, you know, get a good lead in on.
Panging out.
Game boat.
That's right, Lyft.
That's right.
And, you know, send, send a mo back to Boca and, you know, pack a, pack a sandwich with him, you know, and a salami sandwich.
Yeah, there you go.
Okay.
A request.
Yes, sir.
A shameless request.
No problem.
It's the one with Mickey.
Mickey and...
Is there?
Is there?
Yeah, it's the one.
I mean, there's several of them.
I'll play the one I like.
Okay.
I wish you put it on the, I wish you put it on the web.
I was listening to, you know, on your neal sounds.
It was great.
I'm listening to your...
Have a great day, pal.
Don't push your luck.
Have a great life.
No, I'm saying it's great though.
It is great.
It is.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
Good luck.
You too.
Bye-bye.
He just didn't want to say goodbye.
You've been with people like that, you know, like your mother.
Join George Boca-Brown, Bener Boy McGell and George's mother this afternoon for happy hour, five to seven, a treasure round and located off the Palmetto.
She's the CEO of the 120 Second Street Exit.
Stop by to win some Marlon tickets and enjoy drinks, specials, why do they're what?
She's the feature.
And Troy, by the way, has not taxed me a lot.
Oh, don't worry about it.
It's a manana.
Oh.
In other words, there's no emergency.
No right.
Right.
Thank the Lord.
Okay.
Anybody that's got a computer now, if you don't have, I guess, I guess in all fairness, we do have some people out there over the age of 100.
Some people who are in their cars.
I mean, it's pretty hard to be, you know, checking out your computer when you're in a car.
Although that will be an ex-boyant, why don't you be surfing the net?
Why don't you talk it on the phone and watch your little TV monitor.
You can also surf the net in your car.
I mean, it's out of the way.
Could it make any difference?
Oh.
I don't think so.
The new QM line of Moe and Gellie, five to eight tomorrow morning, starting bright early tomorrow morning.
We Moe, Howard, David and Steve Gellie, Geldstein show five to eight in the morning.
For all on the radio, eight to ten a.m.
Makes his debut as, as in, I mean, he's been on the station a couple of fillings.
But his first time on his own show will be back to ten to two.
Oh, thank the Lord.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, they're good.
Yes.
Mad Dog 2 to 4.
Hank 4 to 7.
Marlon Games 7 to 10 or whatever.
They're crap we got to put in there during the summer months.
Eddie K 10 to 2.
And Joe and Mark, losing hour, they're two to five.
And like you said, what do they care?
They don't care.
That's good.
See, that's the kind of guys that they are.
They would like to be on the whole four hours and especially five to six.
Because there are actually a few people awake at that hour.
But not only look at it the other way.
When you're doing a really crappy show, right?
When you have no material, I'm going to cause a really lame or you don't get any.
Of course, we can relate to that.
And the good part about being on two to five in the morning is you know that everybody's asleep.
My life and look all this is 4.256.
You way to A.m.
Are you fudge back in?
Good morning, New York.
Matt, Steve Phillips office.
Steve Phillips plays.
Steve Phillips.
Steve Phillips.
Who is this?
Yeah, Kell and me.
Who is this?
You are Kell and me.
Who in the world is this?
It's Mickey Mouse.
What the hell's going on over there?
Mickey Mouse.
Mickey Mouse.
I don't work for you.
Oh, you want to?
I swear I'm calling.
I will offer you a job.
You're terrible.
Mickey, I already have a job.
I'm so long, Philips.
Why do you want me if I'm terrible?
Oh, you're fit right.
I'm so surrounded by you.
Try figure what the hell's one more?
I got people don't know what they're doing from coast to coast.
Oh, dude.
Don't pull it on.
You know what that is, Philips?
No, I don't know what that is.
That's remix.
That may be all but gone with the blue bird on his head.
I don't know who that is.
I got Steve Phillips on the phone.
He's horrible, boss.
I know he's horrible.
I'm trying to get him.
I'm trying to hire him.
Why, boss?
Take a look around.
Everybody that works here is horrible or am horrible, Philips.
Yes, Mickey.
I have ever gone up like wind to in a row.
Mickey, we're practicing right now.
We're going to win tonight.
You're terrible.
I'll play it five million a year.
No, I can't do it, Mickey.
I got to go.
I got to practice to run.
I'll play it six million a year.
I got to go, Mickey.
You don't run the practices.
I'll tell you what, you call me tomorrow.
I only need to call you back if you're playing hard to get it.
Crawl me tomorrow.
You're playing hard to get.
Hold on a second.
Hey, man, you're going to get the stand TO GO.
Turn the stand, they're all screaming.
What?!
Turn the stand!
They're all screaming.
I'm sorry, boss.
Well, I was Steve Phillips want to come work for us when he listens to all this crap going
He's terrible.
I know he's terrible.
He's not on to you, boss.
That's what I'm trying to tell him.
He's made someone on network.
We gotta get rid of Isaac.
Hello?
Yes, Mickey.
What do you think, Philips?
You've got awful horrible.
You're perfect for the mouth house.
You know what, on second thought, I really got no interest in talking to you.
What do you mean?
I hate you.
I hate you!
I'm a joke!
I'm a joke!
You just come through my desk!
Trying to put a new finish out of boss?
Why are you having a joke, so I'll read this?
Trying to get those shalak off their boss and shot.
So shall I call up my desk?
The shalak and shot.
And the shalak and shot.
Ah, baloney.
Hey, Philips.
Bill here, Mickey.
I'm gonna give you a readma to get me a new catcher.
No, Remus, we already got a catcher.
You're the catcher, boss.
Shut up, Remus.
Your catcher's only hit me about 120.
Remus can do that.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
You're missing my desk, baloney.
All right, don't you think it over?
All right, I'll think it over, Mickey.
Thank you.
Remus, I'm gonna put my feet wide shoe up here.
1103 or 560 WQMC.
I must forget about those two new ones.
Yeah.
Didn't you?
Nope.
Here's a fact from Rudy who says,
Neil, the only person I feel sorry for is Steve Goldstein.
It must be terrible working with that grouchy old man.
Also, yesterday, a fact through the exact WQMC lineup,
I should get a price.
Says Rudy.
Well, I'm sure Rudy meant a prize.
And if he would have written, he should have gotten a prize,
maybe we could.
But he wants a price.
That's how much it'll cost to do,
have us mention your name again on the year, Rudy.
Eight bucks.
He should get a price.
Well, I don't think he did facts exactly, lineup.
Then he was the one that came very, very close.
I thought somebody, uh,
facts that exactly,
and you thought they were an inside job.
But it wasn't exactly.
It was something like a little, uh, whatever it was.
Think I'm some kind of a displaced New Yorker.
You're tripping.
Exactly.
56670560,
pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line.
It's a Wednesday.
Means, new to one, we got the big comedy bits, hour.
I'll find all kinds of good crap on here
that we haven't played in a long, long time.
And then maybe something that we have.
In other words, I'll play whatever the hell I feel like.
So let me on.
Yes.
On Wednesdays now.
Is it going to be the one to two?
Why not?
Okay.
Doesn't that make...
I mean, would we do,
noon to one,
and then we come back and do it other hour?
That's what I thought we should have.
I mean, only somebody who'd be a real moron
would do something like that.
Holy cow!
It might be.
It could be.
It's the one to two hour
with Neil Roberts.
I can't wait.
And then of course...
It's the one to two hour!
Hi, V.
Yeah, I mean, your whole show is based on tended to.
And all of these things that I've been doing for years.
And this jackass, this simple,
and this guy with a big hole in his head named Greg Reed,
comes in there,
oh, you've been really great to stick you on a nine to one, you know?
See, and the excuse being that they built me the studio
in Amsterdam, which I no longer use.
And this one here in Toronto.
The only difference being that I gave them the deal
was the extra two years in a contract.
That should have been more than enough.
See what I'm saying?
Right, in exchange for these studios.
That should have been the deal.
Not moving the nine to one to try to fix the morning show
that he had already broken.
That's what I've been going through for like 16, 17 months now, boys and girls,
trying to fix somebody else's mess.
Never works.
Never works.
And finally, he really...
Finally, luckily, see how the opian Anthony worked out for us?
See if they wouldn't have gotten candy,
if they wouldn't have done that thing with a couple
having sex in the church.
See, it's okay if the priest has sex in the church with the altar boys, that's fine.
Well, they have a special room for that.
But if they have a couple of simulating sex in the church
or maybe actually really looking at it, then it's bad.
So when they got blown out and they gave up totally on a format there,
I'd W&EW, and I guess for all got blown out at the same time, right?
Right.
When in doubt they blew everybody up.
So in hindsight, that was a very fortuitous moment for us at QAM
and for us on this show.
I am not from New York.
I hate New Yorkers.
Good.
See, we're staying still.
Yeah.
They're in good inroads right there for that black lady to call before.
If opian Anthony hadn't gotten fired, they wouldn't have wound their way down here to rape moat.
That's a good point, too, and he'd probably be sore about that.
We have 404 votes.
Are you impressed, motorboy?
He wants to get the food.
Thank you, how he's...
He ordered another eight orders of bacon.
Now, what is that all about?
You were telling me before that he keeps ordering like multiple orders of bacon.
I mean, don't get me wrong.
You know how much I love bacon, but bacon is not good for it.
It's one of the most nasty things you can eat.
I spot you not.
He's ordering... that's all he eats.
Why?
We'll ask him when he comes back in from it with his sack load of bacon.
Seriously, he ordered eight sides of bacon.
Although I will say this to you, it's one of my favorite things to eat.
But I have no idea how to make it.
So I never make it at home because I don't know how to do it right.
Probably not that difficult.
No, low heat.
You cook it on low heat.
And then you really need a toaster oven to finish it off, don't you?
You know what they do in the good worlds?
They make it in the good worlds, which is a genius, if you ask me.
They just put it in the deep fat fryer.
It's not like it's going to get any grease here.
Well, I hate to break the news to you, but I don't have a deep fat fryer here in my apartment.
I know probably most folks do, but I just don't happen to have a deep fat fryer handy.
Well, if you had a fry daddy, you'd be dangerous.
I see.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's open a park.
Hello.
Oh, yes.
Yes.
Got it.
You got a problem with your billboard that day.
Say no.
What the hell was that?
That's for all.
Oh, is that for all?
That was for all junior.
Yeah, we do have a problem with all the billboards.
Now maybe we have some people who would like to volunteer to take their creolas or spray paint,
guns, or somebody drop them from a sky hook and hover over the billboards, change the times on air and get them right.
We had a spy report yesterday that Moe's billboard, they're on a turnpike right by Griffin Road,
they run that's right on the ass end of mine, that his has disappeared.
Just like that, like somebody waved a magic wand and made Moe's billboard disappear.
Now if they could make Moe's billboard disappear, you can only imagine what they're playing the next.
Oh, they already did it to his hair.
See, that's got to be unpleasant.
I mean, not that he doesn't deserve the unpleasant fact that he's dished out to everybody else in spades.
But it's got to be very unpleasant knowing, I mean, nobody can be that stupid, not to see the head writing on a wall, what's going on here.
And the fact that really and truly that 6 to 10 AM is going to belong to...
Is everybody from Miami, is a New Yorker?
Swirl all of you.
See, there you go, to that guy.
I mean, I'll bet you're a life on it that he'll be doing 6 to 10 before too much longer.
Yeah.
Right, that's an easy one.
You okay?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T Verizon Wireless Line.
Anybody else in the audience would like, would you like to bet your edges life on it that Scott will be doing 6 to 10 soon on QAM?
Probably have a long line of people want to help you out.
Here's Miami, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing? It's a loyal Air Force listener.
All right.
How's it going, brother?
Sensational.
Hey, listen, I remember when we talked almost a year ago from New Mexico and I was a bitch in that you because...
They moved you back and I had to wake up two hours earlier because I had to have you on the internet.
This is a great day in it.
Oh, it's beautiful.
It's beautiful.
Because hopefully we can get rid of...
You know, pretty soon, you know what I mean?
Hey, also, Neil, another spy report talking about the...
The billboard's going northbound on the 820th of Paul Meadows.
Yeah.
You had one that's gone.
Yeah.
Well, they probably ran out.
In other words, being the cheap ass out there that they are.
They were there for a pretty long time, like from February, March, about four or five months.
So they probably don't want to get budget anymore for the billboards.
Oh, yeah. They were there quite a bit.
Well, I vote.
I'm not going to take a much of your time.
I voted for...
It's a great change.
Everything is beautiful.
And if I can take a shot to my brother, look at the beaters, both.
Okay.
Five, six, seven.
They love Mickey, man.
I say they really don't.
Pound five, sixty on the 18 and T of Verizon Wireless Line.
Do you have three big times stories here I would like to get to?
I guess I don't have to discuss too much about Ottawa.
East is the pot laws.
What's to say?
It's great.
Federal government doesn't want Canadians to use marijuana, but yesterday,
softened the penalties for people who do, do, do, do.
While insisting pot is bad for Canadians, just as Minister Martin Koshan introduced legislation,
decriminalizing possession of as many as thirty marijuana joints.
All right.
They showed on the news last night they showed the amount.
Yeah.
Fifty up to fifteen grams.
And again, not completely legal, but you would be only fine, you know, like a traffic ticket.
That's fine.
That's fine.
That's fine.
But, and of course, this hasn't completely passed yet, but they're saying that by the end of the year, this will be the law.
And then they showed the twenty joints and they were interviewing some people and they took the little bundle of the twenty joints and put it in front of this old lady.
And then it looks about right.
That's about right.
Yeah.
That's what she said.
It looks about right for her anyway.
Oh, and I got another great story about another Catholic priest.
I sure hope that he knows him.
Yeah.
Twenty years.
Twenty years.
All right.
That's right.
He don't listen to us anyway.
Here's a call from Dearfield.
Hello.
Hello.
Dear Field Beach, yes sir.
Oh, I'm on your, I didn't know that.
I didn't even hear you.
How are you new?
Great.
How are you doing?
Great.
I personally am very happy that you're back on from 10 to 2.
All right.
Because after one o'clock, there wasn't much going on.
Yeah.
I couldn't wait.
How did that come about?
Did you go back on a 10?
You know something that's one of the great, that's one of the great questions.
No, no, seriously, people think I'm making this up.
I have been bugging them for that for a long time.
And I basically had thrown in a towel I gave up because I kept getting a lot of lip service.
And pretty much it was like locked in.
I mean, there just didn't seem to be any way to make it happen.
Could we get you back in Miami?
I come back from Amsterdam on Sunday and two hours later, the phone rings.
And there's Mufflinzi on the phone or operations manager to ask me,
well, what I think of the idea.
And I said, oh yeah.
And they just, you know, of course, the morning show they've been really disappointed with,
to say the least, to be very kind.
And then they got the opportunity to get Pharrell on there and stick him in the lineup.
So they decided to insert him in there for me to 10, which solves everybody's problem.
Well, congratulations to you.
Thank you.
And in closing, I'd like to say, if you do die, zip it a day,
my, oh my, what a wonderful day.
Thank you.
Okay, thank you.
Oh, yeah.
We need that.
We need to take that clip out of there.
My, oh my, what a wonderful day.
Yeah.
We're going to be singing that tomorrow.
I'll say to that 10 to 2.
And we need a lot of help from the audience out there because once again,
here's another radio maven jerking the audience around.
You know, like I said to the one caller before and I've said it many, many, many times.
People are creatures of habit.
I've said it a lot of times today.
But, third man.
Creatures of habit.
You know, they like to show it like the price is right.
You two and 11 o'clock in the morning, right?
Right.
If you like the price is right.
If you like watching the guy with the white hair, why is he going to retire already?
Oh, home.
You know, I head off on Memorial Day and I'm sitting in their channel surfing because,
because with the time change, you know, I woke up like a 530 in the morning on Monday.
And so I'm sitting there watching TV and watching, and there's Bob Barker.
And I'm thinking, you know, I mean, not that I don't like Bob Barker.
I mean, an old guy like him.
He's entitled to get as much as he can.
But, uh, when is enough enough already?
I'm telling you.
I didn't even see Rod Roddy on there anymore.
He's probably in Thailand again looking for those silk suits.
1113 at 560.
Speaking of Rod Roddy, what a great segue.
I fell into a bucket of crap again because there's one thing about him.
Well, you know, many things about him.
But the most important one is these gigantic fat.
Like most Americans, huge.
Not good.
You get sick, you get diabetic, and you die.
That's right.
Fat is not only ugly, but it's also so damn unhealthy.
That's all the more reason that people get frustrated because they try everything
but standing on the head to lose the weight.
Balance for life could be the answer you've been looking for.
Jeff Cohen at the pizza lock old pony tear lost a crap load of weight on it.
Even the beast who we used to be our friend, the beast lost, what, over 60 pounds on it?
Right.
Before we decided to turn him back to the wolves and just to get him out of our lives.
And you can do the same or even a lot better.
If you got a hundred pounds to lose, 30, 50, whatever it might be.
There's no calorie counting.
There's nothing to keep track of except filling out your little menu every week.
You get two choices for each meal and snack.
And they deliver right here door every morning by 6 a.m.
Like clockwork, a little black sack that's got your food for the entire day in their three delicious fresh gourmet meals.
Two delicious snacks.
Nothing frozen, nothing pre-famircated.
No chemicals, no additives, no crap.
And so you get plenty of food to keep you satisfied and eat them all through the day.
You'll never be going hungry on this program and the weight pours off your body.
So give it a try because if you've been frustrated with all the other diet programs that haven't been successful or kept gaining it back,
balance for life could be the answer you're looking for.
Get me on the right road to getting your health back.
Balance for life.
Call them today at 9.5.4.
5.6.8.32.29.
9.5.4.5.6.8.32.29.
You'll start seeing results within just a matter of days.
You can check them out on the web if you like.
Balance for life.com.
5.6.8.32.29.
5.6.8.32.29.
The radio's all yours now.
You in.
Yeah.
That was a rejoin.
What was it?
What the hell what what was that?
I don't know Tommy came in here gave it to me.
That was the freaking rejoin.
It went on for like two and a half minutes.
A minute thirty four.
You better go in there and take a look at Tommy.
Okay. And see if he's got like real bloodshot eyes more than usual.
Actually, no, I think that's the problem is I was actually white.
No, seriously, what was that?
That was not a rejoin.
Maybe I maybe I made a mistake it was supposed to be a spot.
I thought we had a line up change not a format change.
What that was that?
I kept listening waiting for the.
I haven't taken it well.
This must be a spot that was written on the log and not on mine.
We need to find out what the goddamn sponsor was.
Anybody know what the no was no spot.
I thought it was one of those snappy new beer commercials that you know they keep doing.
Oh look at this.
This is from how we now not necessarily from how we restaurant where we get our food delivered so often there.
But from a guy named how he says.
Bacon put a paper towel on a paper plate.
Right. He's right.
I've done this put five slices of bacon on a paper towel.
Put a paper towel on top.
I recommend more than one.
Place in more than what?
One on paper towel.
Yeah.
And on the bottom.
Oh.
No, the patient of micro.
Place in a microwave for one and a half minutes.
Remove and discard towels and plate bacon will be crisp.
Now are you saying that that's already in other words you don't have to put it in a frying pan first?
Correct.
If you put it in there long enough it'll take some experimentation with your particular microwave to find out the right time.
I got a good microwave here.
The one I got here is better than the one I got down.
See I like like three or four paper towels at the bottom because you will be generating a lot of grease.
But yeah they do come out.
You know they cooked and you're generating a lot of grease.
Yeah if I eat as much bacon as the boner boy there's you now guarantee it.
I'll be generating a lot of grease and it won't be on the plate.
He leaves a trail.
Oh my god.
Can you even begin to imagine?
Wow.
What is the story with that?
Why are you so hooked now like on enormous humongous slabs of bacon?
What is that all about?
It's easy to order and I would think that these guys could order for me without thinking too much.
Obviously I was wrong.
No but that's not my it didn't show up.
Well yeah now I got a bacon cheeseburger.
Mmm that sounds really good.
Quit bitching you got free food for quite a lot.
Anybody lives under an overpass these bitching about getting free meals.
Now we start to get porky about what we get you know what we bring them.
Right the morning guys out of the kindness of their heart sometimes they order for us as well.
Us eating and by the way when we say the morning guys we should point out we're talking about second Robert Reaper not the guys on the year.
Not the they forget to order Carlos's food then he gets really surly.
One of the classic most stories was the day that Doreen arranged to have all of that food come in.
Where did that come in that day?
It was for a Gellys birthday or something.
I have no idea.
Now you remember there was just a ton of food out there.
Was it from what's the place with the with the potato latkes?
No it wasn't from court.
Was it at any rate it's not important where it was from but there was the whole table out in the hallway.
There was just like between our studios just laden with all kinds of really good stuff too.
And Moe went out there during a break.
I wish I would have seen it and started to grab it out of something and oh is this for us?
And she said well no they delivered it for Gouldys birthday.
Oh well if it's not for me I'm not going to touch it and he slammed it back down in a box and went stirring back into his studio.
If my name isn't on it if it wasn't delivered for the his majesty then I'm not going to touch it.
Fet.
Pretty.
Yeah fat.
And fed you two Moe.
By the way how are you going to like it in the first one thirty in the morning?
Former Louisville Kentucky Roman Catholic priest sentenced to twenty years.
All right.
A retired Roman Catholic priest at the forefront of the Louisville Arts Dice Sexy Beasts scandal
was sentenced to the maximum twenty years in prison yesterday for decades of sexual misconduct against children.
This is in yesterday's Boston Globe and today's Boston Globe.
The Reverend Louis E. Miller seventy two pleaded guilty in March and Jefferson County Circuit Court to forty four counts of indecent and immoral practices and six counts of sexual abuse.
The twenty one victims are now all adults.
Miller took for a full moral responsibility for his crimes.
So I stand before God.
Oh God to be judged later he blamed his crimes on whatever mental illness I might have had.
I hope someday I can have your forgiveness Miller said no.
Miller could have faced hundreds of years in prison based on the law of the time most of the offenses were committed but under current sentence in guidelines twenty years was the maximum sentence.
Miller's niece was one of his victims said she was satisfied with the sentence he'll be out of reach at children now.
That was the most important part for me she said.
Oh he's seventy two.
We'll see him no more.
He's in there for twenty years he will not be on the outside again.
I tell you one of the great challenges of my lifetime and I have to be crazy if I do it.
The Marine Dow column today which is on our website it's a great column and you know how she always likes putting in words that we never heard of before at least I never because I'm dumb.
But this is one of the great tongue twisters of all time in fact even the name of the column and it got into the V to we trust.
Anything out of give it a shot?
Yes please.
Marine downrights in today's New York Times by rolling over Iraq Dick Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld hope to deep six to six days the president was down with that he never grew them the vibe of the age of Aquarius anyway.
Conservatives were eager to purge the decades demons from tied eye to moral relativism from Hanoi Jane to Wilting patriotism from a government blaming America first from Lucy in the sky with diamonds to the clintoness whatever gets you to the night ethos.
In their preferred calendar more gingrichy and then Gregorian American culture fast forwards from Elvis's blue suede shoes to John purvolt his white polyester suit.
Whatever else is gone or why in the middie so far the administration may have succeeded in exercising American queesiness about using force and any vestigial image of the military as baby killers.
As Robin toner wrote in the Times yesterday trust in the military is brimming up to 79% from 58% in 1975 according to Gallup.
The technical efficacy and moral delicacy of American forces in Afghanistan in Iraq solidified a trend the children of Vietnam scarred boomers trust the government and especially the military far more than did their parents whose generational mantra was don't trust anyone over 30.
As Miss toner noted a Harvard pool found that 75% of college could trusted the military to do the right thing either all of the time or most of the time two thirds of the students supported the Iraqi war with hawks beating does two to one.
Mr. Bush runs a trust us were 100% right regime so we've got a young generation that wants to take it on faith and administration that wants to be taken on faith.
The beginning of a beautiful friendship maybe unless the White House politicizes 9 11 so much it squanders all that belief Carl Roves re-election strategy is designed to tug 9 11 heartstrings and his ads will be heroic images of top gun chasing down the bad guys.
The president is posse diverted anger over 9 11 to Iraq and other diverting it to Iran.
The Bushes are playing up al-Qaeda terrorists they say are hunkered down in Iran even as they overtook all the al-Qaeda terrorists crouching in countries administration does want to demonize like Pakistan and Saudi Arabia.
And the hawks have turned the grooming Iranian exiles who are pumping out reports of secret nuclear labs sound familiar.
After the war the trample administration bragged about its Iraqi Taliban and Qaeda scalps painting our enemies as being in retreat al-Qaeda is on the run the president said in Mouraqar Khansan that group of terrorists to attack our country is slowly but surely being decimated right now about half of all the top out cut operatives are either jail or dead in either case they're not a problem anymore.
But al-Qaeda became horrifyingly thorough week later in re-ad was not decimated it was sufficiently undecimated to murder 34 people injured 200 and scare the data it's out of Americans everywhere.
If Bush Chinese 04's use of 9 11 begins to look like cynicism then cynicism is precisely what it'll produce.
Officials should stop speaking about threats and triumphs until they know exactly what they're talking about they should lose their bewildering and unconvincing color code because orange doesn't communicate anything to anybody anymore.
They should agree in a spirit of humility and true public service to stop getting obnoxiously in the way of the release of that 800 page congressional report that'll provide whatever American has a right to know about 9 11.
As Michael Isaac writes in Newsweek the Bush team doesn't want the public to pour over the president's daily intelligence briefings like the one given on August 6 2001 at the Crawford Ranch that felt with the possibility that al-Qaeda might hijack airplanes or the parts of the 9 11 report that deal with our petroleum pals the Saudis and their recalcitrants in cooperating in the war on terror.
The report he says discusses evidence that individuals with Saudi government connections may have provided the hijackers aid.
The public should take its cue from Mr. Bush's bow idea or ideal Ronald Reagan as the Gipper advised trust but verify.
That's Marine Dow's column day pretty good reading the old.
Give it about 8 and a half on a scale of 10.
In a God of the V to we trust.
Let's play in a God of the V to 3 or 4 times.
What do you say? I don't know about the big schedule change for tomorrow.
10 to 2. It's going to be exciting baby. You can feel it. You can smell it all the way up here.
I can smell right through my freaking window and they're closed.
28 past 11 a Q.A.M. if your hair is vanishing if it's just gone.
If you've got a big ugly bald spot that's getting bigger by the day do something about it.
Now you've seen examples of people who do stupid things.
You know there's nothing worse than being stupid.
They put a mousey looking piece on their head and everybody in their world laughs their ass off at them and they wonder what's the joke?
What am I missing? You know stuff like that?
Well that's the way it is when it looks like a muskrat died on your head.
And then there are the guys that want to drill holes in your head and head the blood dripping down your forehead.
And then there are people who want to study those dangerous pills and will really propitio off because they won't call your hair back.
Charles Alfieery though has got the best look in piece, the natural hairline system available to any price in the world which is why even the famous and the billionaires go to Charlie.
For over 25 years he's been doing guys right and getting rid of that bald spot and he gives you that 30 day guarantee.
30 days is what he gives you guarantee.
But 30 man.
If you don't after 30 days love the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting all the action you can handle and then some Charlie give you a full refund.
Don't forget to mention my name when you call.
Mention the arrived and get next to 200 bucks off the regular price.
Here's the toll free number for the Charles Alfieery Studios in Fort Lauderdale 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413 or log on to their website at Charles Alfieery.com.
We're sports radio 516-UEA.
We got the Yankees and this scumbag is a red socks fan.
The first guy I need when I walk into this place is a dad dude on the red socks and I go fan waste for pussy.
It's 1132 at 560.
Well it's given like a little taste you know.
A little taste of feral since he starts tomorrow morning 8-10.
And we go back to 10-2 tomorrow.
Oh oh!
Read the word.
Run around with the sandwich boards on.
This facts from Peter and Mimey Beach.
Congratulations on the change time change.
Thank you Peter.
He says PSC if you have a George Foreman grill that's the best way to make bacon.
Well I do have that one down there that one you gave me.
Right.
The lean green green green, the lean, the spleen machine.
Right.
What do you do with it?
I guess you put your bacon in it.
Yeah.
I don't have one so I don't know.
You don't have one?
No I don't.
Oh my god.
You probably can't afford one guy like you.
5-670560.
Many many open lines.
We only got a half an hour to kill here.
We got the mad dog at one.
We got our big noon to one comedy.
But this is the last day on QAIM of this schedule ever.
You can bet beeners life on it.
You can bet Greg Reads life on it.
This is the last day of this schedule.
It's done.
It's like a cleansing, like a gigantic inema.
That we stuck into the transmitter.
We didn't doubt clean it out.
You want to see that new line of pet's right there on a website.
Which we usually don't do with thing like that.
But you know why not give ourselves a little bit of free publicity, right?
Right.
461 hosts.
What's your take on the new QM lineup that starts tomorrow at 5 a.m.
On the Mohawar David into the show.
Don't care.
Only listen to Neil show 157.
34%.
Love it.
Dig improvement.
151.
Almost 33%.
It's okay.
47.
Who's Mohawar David at 45?
Who's Scott Farrell 37?
That's why we keep playing those droppings.
That bubblegum stick on my shoe.
So you know who he is.
Like it better the way it was 16 and I hate it only 8.
So you had those last two categories there.
That's only 5% 5.1%.
Pretty small potatoes when you say.
What?
Well, especially in a town like in South Florida where it's so hard to please the public.
No matter what you do, you can stand on your head.
Wow.
You know, it wasn't quite the right angle.
It wasn't the vision we were looking for.
Whatever it is.
It's not easy to please.
But this seems to be the cats me out, man.
Let's just hope it's not one of those, what are those cats?
It's civet cats.
Here's Boka.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
Pretty good, pal.
Bring it.
Bring it.
Bring it from Boka.
Yeah.
I just wanted to say as the deep up spit was great.
I actually am the love master for firestiefelps.com and I was cracking up on that bit.
So it's really good.
Great.
All right.
How could you handle?
Thanks, Polly.
See ya.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, six, eight, and a great Wednesday, man.
This is a day that just I'm going to go out and eat a whole bunch of stuff, you know?
For lunch.
I'm going to have like a whole bunch of lunches.
What?
What are you laughing about?
I just, I feel like having a party now.
Don't you think that's appropriate?
Yeah.
Just go tell us.
Just because you guys are sitting there shoveling down a bunch of free food.
I'm going to have to pay for it.
You're not?
I already have enough.
Oh, brother, pretty soon he's going to start getting his demanding.
Is your good position?
You don't have a strong idea.
Oh, I don't know.
Demands food every day when he works in there.
He doesn't ask for it.
He demands it.
See, you should be here because they forgot his catch up.
Who's that?
How is they forgot the catch up for the cheeseburger?
The basic.
You should see the snit.
You know what he's talking about?
You ought to have muff tie him up.
Which is what a muff is a great specialist by the way.
He can make knots like nobody.
He can tie him up, put him in a corner and start shoveling chocolate bars down his throat.
Do I dare admit what I bought yesterday?
Oh, God, what?
Those score bites.
Oh, and the worst news is I don't think I told you this yet.
And I don't want to tell you.
Oh, you know, there are times.
I know it sounds silly, especially it's an excuse that fat people make.
But sometimes you feel it was like a conspiracy.
Like, remember I started talking about the score bites.
And then I found that Bryer's made that score ice cream and half gallons only,
which I couldn't find like in Pints or Courts and Half gallons.
Well, guess what they have now?
I give them.
In my Dominion supermarket where they got like 75,000 different kinds of ice cream and all those concussions.
Now they've got a kit, not KitKit bars.
What are the other little, what do they call us?
I don't know.
Yeah, there's a lot.
I asked him not to ask him a pie.
Wait, he got this.
Huh?
Twix?
Not Twix, the little ice cream square.
The condike bars.
Sorry.
Now they got condike bars with a score candy in them.
And they also have ice cream bars with score candy in them.
And then this happened like a day after I discovered those score bites in the sack.
And there's nothing worse than rolling over and finding out about the score bites in your sack.
It's a plot.
Like that guy that called yesterday about his foreskin and he had the, he was saving the seashells.
He's, he's saving the seashells.
It's a place to keep my guess.
Here's sunrise.
Hello.
Hey, nice.
Yes, yes, sir.
What do you say?
I am.
I don't know.
Oh.
And back at you.
Here's Viral Beach.
Hello.
Hey, what's going on?
How you doing, sir?
Good.
What happened to your anhyen ducts last night?
My anhyen ducts?
Yeah, you've been, you've been licking their ass with all the playoffs started.
When did I ever say I like the anhyen ducts?
I can't stand either one of these things.
I can't stand their team.
Blow it out your ass, sir.
In fact, Viral Beach is a perfect place for you.
I've been licking their ass.
You got the wrong guy, man.
Anhyen ducts, pfft to them.
In addition to which it's one game, he must be one of those obnoxious assholes from Jersey.
He must be somebody like the sludge came downstream and he came with it to Viral Beach,
landed in a perfect place, by the way.
Horrible game.
I didn't watch more than like 10 minutes of the whole thing.
It sucked.
The series is a death wish.
The ratings are going to be in a minus column.
And his guys give me crap because evidently he's a devil's fan.
And by the way, it's nice to see that you're a fan of a team that can even sell off playoff games.
Oh my god.
A team with no fans.
There's no fan base.
They want to stand to come about.
How many times in the last few years?
3rd man.
I always have a great team just about.
And there's no interest.
Nobody cares.
They're like right there in the middle of like 15 million people.
And nobody still gives a crap about the devils.
And he's giving me crap about how about your...
Yeah, lick this, okay.
Go lick brimery's ass.
You idiot.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Neil, how are you?
Great.
First time a long time.
All right.
This is a great day.
I agree.
Makes his day even better.
They can get rid of him on dolphin broadcast and brings him for back too.
That would be good.
That would be excellent.
They make dolphin games even better.
Ain't going to happen, but that would be since they all are.
Should never say never because I don't know if we get back to 10 to 2 again either.
That's right.
But great day.
That's our next project man.
Exactly.
Okay, thanks pal.
All right pal.
Bye.
20.
I almost feel like a pulse, you know what?
Oh yeah.
It's pretty rare in South Florida when you can even feel a pulse especially after all of that rain
and nasty weather and heat and humidity and just the mosquitoes as big as bowling balls.
Are they talking about West now virus yet?
Not yet.
Oh, we are here.
Oh well.
I mean if there's any disease been infected, we're talking about it here.
If the mosquitoes don't catch it, then the SARS will affect them.
If that don't catch it, then the, uh, then the man cow gets right.
We got something to get you.
It's called getting even.
That SARS virus.
That'll teach that bush bastard a thing or two.
20 till and of course, if that don't catch it, then that was someone at Bad Weedle get you.
Oh no.
Now that they're all running around with handfuls of joints handing them out on street corners.
Sparrison joints, mister.
No.
20 till noon at 5.60 WQM.
We got our big noon to one hour today.
It's a Wednesday and then of course that's, uh, and isn't that appropriate?
The way this is all A and L.
Like magic.
Yeah, it's just close up.
Just like we planned this, which please don't give us that much credit especially at QAM.
But it's just all fallen into like a, like rolling into a bucket of crap.
Amazing.
And I'll tell you something that's really good.
Not crap and that's olio-med.
It's good.
It's good crap.
Olio-med soft gels contain all kinds of good stuff in there, which are good for your health.
And that's why more and more people including me are popping it in their big fat pus every day.
Olio-med contains the best olive oil known to man, super concentrated, loaded with health benefits for you.
Olio-med in your mouth every day can produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol.
Plus there are 14 different olio-med formulas that you can choose from each one combining pharmaceutical rate olive oil with vitamins, minerals, and herbals to support specific health needs from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system.
Just pick out the formulas that are right for you and now they've got three brand new olio-med formulas.
One to help you sleep, one to help you control that weight, and cell Q10 for your heart.
Pick up some olio-med wherever you do your shopping.
It's all over town now because more and more people are popping it.
Pick some up at publics at Eckerds, Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarro's or Sadanos or Order it online if you like.
At olio-medamerican.com. If you want more information about their products, what they can do for you and where you should stick them, call Tool Free 1-866-Ollio-Med.
That's 1-866-6536-334 Optimal Health start popping some olio-med in your pus right away.
This is sportswear more spicy.
You way, yeah.
Just line right back, they said to me and fill up the spit pan.
They put a catheter in me and I had her scab damn!
I said, two-way, I crept myself and boy, it's sugar smell.
This lousy leukemia has screwed up my blood cells.
Then it got so tough to breathe I couldn't stay alive.
I wish I never signed a form that said to not revive.
It said to not revive.
I left my body and I started walking towards the light.
But that light was the flames of hell.
And this is where I will stay.
I will burn.
Eternal evil right in the song for Gilegan's eyes.
145-560 WDQM, don't forget to join George and Bulk of Brian, a boner boy in Miguel de Seff,
and 5-7 of Treasure Island.
No special attraction today, huh?
No, just us. Just them.
And the Ireland's tickets, don't forget those.
Like I said, no special attraction today.
Anyway, Treasure Island off the Palm Edo just north of 122nd Street, I said.
Stop by the windows really nifty, Marlon tickets.
Anybody wants them?
No.
And enjoy Drink Specials while you're there too with Treasure Island with our gang, with our desperately horny gang.
And Miguel.
I don't think Miguel is desperate.
Just you.
Only mentally.
5-670560, we got, look at that one call on the board.
We got the 14 minutes to kill here.
Not a good sign.
Not, and as a matter of fact, this is our last segment.
Right.
Before the big change of hummelmentus, I feel like we should do something.
This is our absolute last segment of the 9-1 thing.
And then of course, because new to 1, we got comedy bits.
Which is a phenomenal thread.
That would be like playing all Beatles music on, you know, like in a,
oldie station.
We'll do that.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, you going to take a box tomorrow?
Yeah.
Good congratulations, man.
I have a question about moving back to the tank.
Good job.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you very much.
Oh, you're fighting on.
Okay, thank you.
The matacorn has gone back to 10-2.
Brackum.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
Boy, this is, I guess they're going to make me work for my cash today, huh?
This last segment.
See, this is South Florida.
I just got through saying this, which was a bad idea on my part.
Never cut your chickens before they call.
No, you know how it goes.
Believe me, you've had plenty of experience.
Just when you think all of a sudden they re, but we have a nice,
even number of votes on the Polo 500.
That's not too bad, you know what, Boner?
Compared to yesterday, it's incredible.
Although we did wind up with over a thousand votes.
So maybe it's just, I don't know.
Maybe they're just all getting their lives back on a sorted after the holiday weekend.
They were getting back in the tank.
We wind up with a very respectable showing there on our website.
But you know me because I know South Florida, and after all of these years,
you can never be too cock-sure if I can say that.
No.
I can't say that.
I got everybody's wicked, huh?
All the guys at the S&M with their fancy, hey, it's no my guys, you fine?
Kevin Mila, why don't you shut up?
Exactly.
Couldn't have said it better myself.
5, 6, 8, you know, just the idea of sitting down here tomorrow morning
knowing that we're following him, a friend, a friendly voice.
Somebody who at least will give us a cut us a little slack, you know,
gives us a chance as opposed to hostile and hateful and obnoxious
and try to get George fired and me fired and boner boy and everybody else.
How Greg Reed ever put up with that crap for a year and a half?
That's the real mystery, okay?
That's what a lot of people must be wondering, okay?
Maybe this guy must have had a really pretty solid contract, huh?
Well, he had to get one to begin with.
That's my point.
Here's Delray Beach, hello.
You know what, the theme song for the station should really be?
Remember the old Roland Brown commercial?
Here's the good friend.
Yeah.
Anyway, every time you play that Greg Reed cart, you know, with the asshole thing,
you're with a pulpy minecooker.
Just keep that in mind.
And one last break, hate you.
Yeah, that better than one.
Break, hate you.
I am angry as hell over the list.
About Cabal Jockey's wife with a picture on an ID that somebody would take this to court?
Oh, I saw that story, yeah.
I bet they just can't say, hey, listen, you're in America.
Everybody has their picture taken on the license.
Right.
You got a problem with that.
Don't drive.
Right, exactly.
And the ACLU gets involved.
And I got to tell you, I'm blown away that it's that it's that it's that it's that it's gone to.
He just wanted to say Cabal Jockey.
That's all he wanted to say.
Yeah, that was the whole, yeah, Cabal Jockey.
I just said it.
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line in 560, 560, those beat the numbers.
Okay, let's just keep this thing going.
Another couple of minutes.
See, I don't want to end on a down note.
You know, that would be bad because I'm so up.
I'm just like floating right off the top of my seat here.
You're floating again.
Again, here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, what's up?
How you doing, sir?
Not bad.
Hey, I just want to ask you, what's one of these Democrats here for 2004?
You think it's going to be able to take out Bush?
At the moment?
Yeah.
None of the above.
None of the above?
How about you?
Let's go Howard Deenishon, a good old BDI Bobby Graham.
Well, what a Hillary came in, jumped into the frame.
We're not yet talking.
You like that?
I don't like it, but I think that you're talking.
I think she might just shock the hell out of you.
All right, man.
Hey, how about you hook me up with some Marlins tickets?
Yeah, okay.
We'll hook you up.
560, 705, 60 with some Marlins tickets.
He says it almost as good as your rose.
He says it's the Marlins.
You know, he was in the building today, ran into him.
Joe Rose was in the building.
What did he have to say?
He said, he's slap happy.
Is he really?
Ah, Betia, he's ecstatic.
In fact, he's got a big heart on it.
Yeah, Betia does.
Because there's nothing like when you get screwed over like the morning show guys did.
He was leaving anyway, but they did it in such an ugly grotesque,
grigory, it's a really fail, fall on their ass.
And then it makes you go, yeah, yeah, that'll teach him.
That'll teach you to screw me over Jackass.
Oh, I guess what we're going to have today for the last time.
Jackass?
No.
No, it's stuff like...
That's a Steve Goldstein, but you can call me Kelsey.
Whenever I'm in town, I listen to...
Wait a minute, I am in town.
It's the 12 to 1 hour.
That!
And then we got a whole bunch of different ones.
I got third, man.
And so I guess we'll probably do well.
What's your name?
If I can find it.
Ilyana Rosanna-Dana, it's my favorite.
Oh, sure.
They can all...
And we'll all be redone.
Just think he gets to be paid again to do it.
Oh, yeah, well we already got it.
We got a pretty good head start on...
Oh, don't tell me I don't have the Rosanna-Dana.
Oh, you must.
Because after all, just haven't come back.
Oh, there it is.
Oh, thank.
Man.
Talk about breaking into a cold sweat,
because this is going to be the very, very last time.
We're going to be doing noon to one hour stuff.
I mean, this was a bad idea, Greg.
Why don't you just admit it?
You should make an announcement since you're so good at recording
those special announcements.
You should record an announcement.
So you want to apologize to Neil, to George, to Bonerboy,
to everybody associated with the show, and especially the audience,
for screwing up our lives for like 17 months of absolute hell.
I mean, it's not good enough that you do a job for people,
and you make them a lot of money, and you get them big numbers.
You do what they heard, you do.
No, that's not good enough.
Now make me a melted.
You know, poof, you're a melted.
And that kind of crap.
Yeah, perform me a magic trick.
Well, here's one.
Right on your shoes, okay, Greg?
But I'll tell you, Duff and I can bet you Duff and Clarence
to give Jika and Barry Jackass those naked pictures.
I bet you that's the reason that he finally came in.
What you think?
Well, all your jokes, everybody's wicked, hot.
Go die with my girlfriend.
Go to the YAHD.
What is, you know, the one thing about it is I never understand
what he's talking about.
Well, he was making fun of Bostonians, but, right.
I mean, just in a more general way.
He just, it just stuff comes out.
You know, he just bought stuff out.
He's a cook.
He's something.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
And you know what's up, man?
How you doing, sir?
Doing well.
Hey, I wanted to give you a call, man.
I'm actually in New Zealand.
The area is just relocated from Chicago.
And I know, don't unpack.
Oh, you don't want to, don't unpack.
I think, I don't know, man.
I'm surprised I don't have to go through costumes
that was all down here, man.
Yeah.
But listen to what you don't have the right accent at all.
You won't be there more than six months.
Yeah.
Well, I wonder know something.
So what's the deal with all the strip clubs down here, man?
I've never seen a club for so many strip clubs.
So many surf clubs?
Strip clubs, man.
Oh, strip clubs.
Oh, strip clubs.
I had a bad phone list.
So many strips.
So what's wrong with that?
It doesn't matter.
I've just never seen anything like it, man.
This place is crazy.
Well, what else are they going to do?
I don't know, man.
I don't know.
I've just never seen any place like this, man.
The wind is very strong.
Either we either go to the early bird dinner
or you go to the strip club.
Then there's no other choices.
That's it.
All right, man.
Wait, I have to give you a call, man.
I heard you on the radio.
They don't have anybody in Chicago that's on your level.
But you're definitely...
That's for God, then.
Sure, that's really a sad comment, too, OK?
Okay.
Wait, man.
You got a new listener.
I'm out.
All right.
Have a great life, Pellie.
He's out.
He's out.
He's a sound like a good guy.
Like a living and breathing guy.
We got a new listener.
Oh, all right.
And when we go back to 10 to 2 tomorrow,
we're going to have listeners up the ass.
You know what I'm saying?
That's right.
Doesn't it feel like we have listeners up the ass?
It feels like something.
I heard last week you felt like you had listeners up your ass.
That's the rumor I was hearing all the way over in Amsterdam.
We were saying all those listeners are crawling like right up Georgia's ass.
Especially your Reverend Jones.
In the machine, we can't get Reverend Jones on just one more time before we...
I guess not.
Anyway, here's the way to pull the shaking out right now.
The new QM lineup is...
There it is.
It's all laid out for you there on our website, neo-rodgers.com.
That's NEIL ROG-ERS for people that are really stupid.
Don't have a spell right.
Why do they want to put a D in my name, oh?
Why do they always do?
Yeah.
And that's in the neo.
What's your take on the new QAM lineup?
We asked we have 516 votes, which is pretty heavy duty considering the fact that most people in South Florida already are gone.
They're gone anywhere they can get.
Don't care only listen to neo-show 177, 34.3% are exclusive, cum.
That's more than a third, you believe it?
You've turned.
Now it just changed again.
Of course now, 178.
Love it.
Big improvement 169, 32.5%.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!
It's OK, 55.
OK.
Who's Mojauer-David did 51?
Who's Scott Farrell 41?
Like the better the way it was, 19 and a hated 8.
So he had those last two negative categories.
That's still only 5.1%.
So I think you've done a good job there.
Clarence and Muffin, whoever else is responsible for this.
I don't want to say a grade because he was probably co-orist like I said.
Probably naked pictures of him and could be any number of suspects in that building.
1156 at 560 WQM.
We've done it.
We managed to get through.
We finished off there with a brand new collar.
Guy sounded like he was underneath of 100.
What's the hell?
Come, there's so many strip clubs.
Probably a bag.
But that's good.
Probably why he likes this show.
You see how I attract him just like honey.
Right.
He said, bees to honey.
Nice hearing from you, honey.
I can't wait.
Let me tell you about another great institution in South Florida that is brandy.
I think it's a great opportunity to be able to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
I think it's a great opportunity to get a lot of money.
William Chapman's recording of Lucy and the Sky with Diamonds
William Chapman's recording of Lucy and the Sky with Diamonds
was voted the worst Beatles cover of all time.
William Chapman's recording of Lucy and the Sky with Diamonds was voted the worst Beatles cover of all time.
It's Chatner Warp's The Beatles.
Baby, you can drive my car at Walk Speed, Mr. Zool.
You know I'm going to be a stop.
I hear they might bring back TJ Hooker and maybe I'll love you.
Pick up a copy of Chatner Warp's The Beatles and set your CD player on stun.
With this cover of Don't Let Me Down.
Don't let me down.
Like Friesline.com, but they stop advertising.
I'll get you Friesline.
You'll need to call Rescue 911 when I'm with you.
You can explore their galaxy and never find a collection of Beatles songs.
Perform this poorly as only William Chapman can.
It's Chatner Warp's The Beatles.
When I find myself in times of financial trouble,
I just appear at Star Trek conventions and make 10 grams just for shaking hands with a bunch of people paste cakes.
But then again, they are my fans.
It's The Beatles cover album that boldly goes where no Beatles cover album has gone before.
Unless you count those crappy versions Leonard Nimoy did.
It's Chatner Warp's The Beatles.
Let it be.
Let it be.
Let it be.
Oh, let it in.
Baby.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I've been to Fear's Mixed Love.
Rock, Worst, and Sour Crout.
I love a Polish Mitchell.
I'll roll a barrel out.
Here.
I put out the leader hoax and then I wear a funny hat.
The sound of a crack to a pendant.
I'll show Clara's hair.
With the sound you won't poke it.
It's my favorite dance.
I'll sing a lively polka.
Till your fears lie down.
Sing a lively polka.
The cat can't roll.
I'm good with songs to drum on slowdown.
Stink your fear gun down.
Stink your lively polka.
Stink your lively polka.
I'm singing a song to hear polka.
The band goes on top of our fair and dumb day polka.
Dance with your grandma.
During a lovely polka.
With the hell that there's no fear.
Don't trick someone to polka.
It's a few miles.
Listen to a polka.
Listen to a polka.
Everyone loves the polka.
Do you think so?
That's not every dance.
It's fun.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It mixes it all up.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts the lotion.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I need to rub it on my brain.
It puts the lotion in the mask.
I have to dry clean my skin so it can work the lotion in the mask.
I said, dog, I switched my pp in my legs.
I said, dog, I like to dance around his waist.
Mommy, all the loves quiet today.
Mommy, I want to look more like a wolf.
My name is Puffer Millville.
It puts the lotion in the mask.
It makes it more viscay.
It puts the lotion in the mask.
I hold my pp in.
It puts the lotion in the mask.
How much does it go?
It puts the lotion in the mask.
I got my skin so nipple like this.
I need to rub it on my brain.
I need to rub it on my brain.
What the hell are you doing to me?
What are you, sir?
Why am I reading in the paper?
You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn.
Sir, we're just scouting locations.
Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs.
You are killing me.
But, sir, look what we've done with New York City.
Times Square, point out.
We're not on second street.
In your arms.
Remus.
Remus!
Turn off the vacuum cleaner.
Remus, get that blue bird out of here.
Okay, boss.
I, sir, look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan.
40 Second Street is incredible.
I'm going to want public lane.
I supported that, but you took all the porn away.
You're killing me.
I'm going through a gabboscon like kids.
We're just scouting areas.
Calm down.
Wait for the need but, much.
Don't tell me to calm down.
We got lucky with Lee Rowan's stage.
$128 million.
Now, you're trying to ruin the whole network.
What kind of programming are you running?
Hang on a minute.
Three, two, three, two, three.
Remus, get that blue bird crap all over your shoulder.
Bring yourself up for heaven's sake.
And head off the vacuum cleaner.
Okay, boss.
Good God.
Sir, the network is fine.
Why couldn't you come up with American Idol?
Good God, you're still running James Bond movies.
They're 60 years old.
Why don't you just put steamboat willy on and be done with it?
Please find.
Make a couple of damn dollars.
Well, the movie division's fine.
You mentioned we were in Stitchin.
Now, we have the new M. Night Shummel on movie coming out later this summer.
I know.
Finds.
What the hell does that mean?
Stop sign.
Yields.
You got a sex swing in some of these titles.
Pass me.
Please.
Oh, what a wonderful thing.
Remus.
Remus.
Hey, you both.
I know you can't hear me.
Remus.
You're still running the market, Planner.
You're done running the market.
Get on here, Remus.
And take that blue bird.
Yes, sir.
All right.
Yes, sir.
I'd be very careful the next time I started my car.
Why were you?
What do you mean, sir?
I'm not done with him.
What?
I'm done.
What?
Sir, I'll put half-star in your job, but sir, you're terrible.
I'm sorry.
Maybe I put Remus in there.
I don't like to be president of Disney Remus.
Oh, man.
What a wonderful day.
Get on here, you nut thug.
Welcome back to the glittering Magintry of the Mohawaii de David's show.
We have a full duck today.
Including the gavulcane of our articulate athlete of yours.
You know that pipe smoke is still at it.
What?
Why, what singing those songs make it fun on me?
They make fun on me all the time.
I don't know why they don't adore me.
They're there.
Everything will be all right, no?
Get your hands off me, a fairy.
You're queer.
You're a tube jumper.
Real men don't touch only during the game.
Yes, ma'am.
They want singing.
I'll give them singing.
Get on a piano.
Over there.
OK, ma'am.
Now, hit it.
Back in my day, men were straight.
The end day is up today.
That's why I can't tolerate this gausslyn jays.
Cornholes were in game back then.
I'm in stovage tomorrow.
What's the matter, ma'am?
My wing fell off again.
OK.
All right, where were we?
Cornholes were in game back then.
I'll take it from here.
The guys that liked the worship men.
Good thing we won't see more.
And no way will it matter again.
Didn't mean Pusuz, brought state to this.
Or did tickle hairy taint.
Jesus Christ, I really hate.
Jesus Christ, I'm dying.
Don't get in that Mercedes.
Princess Di, we're begging please.
Paparazzi's coming after you.
You're gonna crash if you're alone.
Nor it's got for you.
Oh, Princess Di is gone.
Oh, Princess Di is gone.
She's really going into a tunnel.
Hello, wall.
From it is passing on at 560 WQA and it's our ritual.
It's right around me.
Yeah, I'm over here, man.
I'm hanging out with George and Kyle.
Yeah, I'm hanging out.
I was in Toronto with the jazz festival.
They got great grub, great blues, great women, great like...
They just on the streets, they can't visit with jazz.
Let me answer this question.
You like to do, raising planes every morning before you get out of bed?
Somebody said it's like castor oil and they expected a fine scotch.
Yeah.
I gave it a more part of the cigar, strong bullies, sacks and James Mc.
By the way, speaking of sex, I hear you got the hots for George's, what I'm hearing.
No, I'm not big on George's ass, but I'll tell you, if I were to think of a great place to party with you,
it would be Toronto.
I always got a thrill out of calling hockey night in Canada.
I called it, believe it or not, of 1 of 11 out of 61 losses, 11 wins, 82 games,
the thrashers won their one night, 4 to 1 on a Saturday night in front of 5 million people.
And they had it followed me all day with a camera, this whatever, it is CTV or whatever it is up there.
It does the hockey night.
CBC.
I don't have all of those.
Get it right, man.
All I know is they did hockey night in Canada did it.
They followed me all day with a camera.
And so the last thing they shot of me was in the press box, that hall of fame, press box up in the famed Toronto
where the hockey hall of fame is in the hockey box.
He went to Memorial press box.
And I put it here in the foster who had Memorial press box.
I said if I wanted to die, I'd want to die in this place.
And then I put a big L up on my forehead for Canada and I said, can I, losers, your dollars worth 50 cents, you scumbags.
He died and then my general manager was in the back of the elevator.
Some guy said, hey, for all that must have been your Stanley Cup.
I said, we win once a month.
It was more than a Stanley Cup.
I'm going to go out and get naked.
I looked around there, it's Don Woodell.
And believe me, he wasn't smiling.
And none of the problems in the NHL.
I'm surprised.
Jigs like me.
He hates you.
One guy opposite the Panther.
He knows your after his job.
So I'd be very careful about the old man.
Some guy I was in the press box one day and this writer from, I think he's with the hero.
I heard him, I was going to get popcorn up in the Panther's press box over there.
I heard a guy go, that's the devil.
When I walked past, so I think I'm Satan now in the NHL.
Yeah, you sound like it.
Hey, listen, welcome to QA.
And let me ask you one question before I do the break.
Because we do have some spots we got to get on.
I love your studio, dude.
Huh?
You're studio.
Oh, you're in our studio.
Stay or well, don't be doing no, don't mong in our studio, man.
So when do you start 6 to 10?
I am in the fog.
You're starting to get up.
Did you notice that nervous lamp?
I'm doing my kitchen in the fire.
Yeah, yeah.
I go for it all.
I go to the caulder a lot.
I drink the room.
The room where I'm here in this week can only have one guy who lives in Boko on a staff.
That might just be a room.
But that's not here.
It's so fettish.
There it's so gotty.
I hate everybody.
I can't, I'm not even a block.
I'm not even a block of federal.
And I swear to God, I'm road rage central.
I'm swearing at people yesterday.
A truck overturn on the 95, like 80 people were dead.
I just went for the fun of it to look.
Don't slip on that red musk red out in the hallway and away on.
Anyway, I love you.
You're just unbelievable.
I used to go on in it.
When I for weeks at a time talking about how foul and disgusting you are and that you were my hero.
I can't believe I'm leading into you.
We're going to make lots of freaking cats.
See you tomorrow, sweetheart.
I love you.
I love you.
So is the show over yet or what?
Boy, oh boy, you wind his ass up and he just, he's unbelievable.
He is just astonishing.
And you know what's that little nervous lamp when I said when he started six, I think there was the telltale.
I got him.
Yeah.
1215 at 560 WQA.
If you're bald, don't call fast train because that's not their thing.
If you have sexual performance problems, if you can't get it up, don't call fast train because that's not their thing either.
But if you're in a dead end job working for a real schmuck, call fast train because that is their thing.
Fast train can have your fully trained and ready for a new high-paying computer career in just four short months.
Column toll free today.
1-866 fast train.
That's 1-866 fast train.
I got locations in Miami, Kendall for Lauderdale and prestigious Pembroke Pine.
So column today and get yourself out of a dead end job and get a real career and start making some big cash.
Call 1-866 fast train.
Don't forget to get the offer your job placement assistance.
Financial aid convenient to eating weekend classes so you don't have any excuses no more to be standing in a crappy dead end job.
Your new career is just a phone column for short months away.
Jump on that fast train today.
Column toll free.
1-866 fast train or check them out of the web at fasttrained.com.
My life and local.
This is 430560.
You way, you way.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Tami Motoha Reservings.
Who is this the maid?
No, this is the wife Talia.
I like to speak to Tami Metoha.
Hello.
Tami Motoha Reservings.
Coochee, coochee, coochee.
Daro?
No, no, Talia.
Talia.
Let me talk to the devil.
Please hold.
Tami.
Tami.
Rah.
Rah.
Tami.
Rah.
What is it?
You got the phone.
Oh.
Phone.
Hello.
Tami Metoha.
Speaking.
This is Michael Jackson.
You lost your job.
You lost your job.
Hey, I didn't lose my job.
I stepped down.
Well, sure.
However you want to paint the picture.
Whatever you have to tell yourself in order to save some sort of face, you do it.
But you lost your job.
You know, actually, it's kind of nice to hear your voice.
What?
It's kind of nice to hear anybody's voice.
What are you talking about?
Michael Jackson.
Yeah.
Can you hear that?
That's my Mexican wife.
Let me tell you.
It was cute for maybe five, ten minutes a day.
But if I got to stay home with her every day, I'm going to go crazy.
I swear, I want to go crazy.
You're getting your justy shirts.
Tami Metoha, that devil.
All we do is eat Mexican food.
Chimmy chungas, burritos, tostitos.
I got more gas than exxonc.
And you deserve to have the bloat.
Listen, Michael, I'll resurface somewhere.
I'll start another label.
Sure you will.
So you can destroy the career of other budding artists.
Are we going to Chevy?
Yes, honey. We're going to Chevy.
Thank you very much.
All right.
Oh, jeez.
If it's not Chevy, it's cheeky.
If it's not cheeky, it's what's that drive in place?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I called to berate you.
And all I'm getting is dribble and chimmy chenga.
No, no, no, no.
Admit it.
I was the reason you were forced to be fired.
Right, I know.
Because I'm very, very, very devilish.
Huh?
I want to live in America.
I want to live in America.
You're living in America.
All right.
Hey, look, Mikey, I got to go.
Okay.
I got to take her over the taco bell.
Okay.
Chevy, you want to come with us?
No, I don't want to be seen with you.
You are the devil.
So at this point, I am finding myself having some sympathy for you.
All right.
All right.
All right.
I got to go there, Mikey.
Let me tell you something.
If I were to part right now,
half the neighborhood would go up.
Oh, stop.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
I'm going to die here.
Builds the cars in Monica's vagina.
She let style the giggle.
When he makes it we go, Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
Rack them.
I'm going to die here.
I'm going to die here.
I'm going to die here.
I'm going to die here.
I'm going to die here.
I'm going to die here.
I'm going to die here.
I'm going to die here.
I'm going to die here.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
The way it goes?
Okay.
Cheers.
Cheers.
I'm gone.
She's gone.
Jesus.
Cover.
Come on.
The husband, feel that Hillary was wronged.
Up in the Lincoln bedroom, she was moaning.
Moaning how Gawar was doing her with Bill's old bond.
Bill's a cousin, Monica's the Giner.
She left side of Gago.
Every brick and tile he makes it wiggle.
Monica is not the kind you can do in the behind.
But us her, her and her vagina she know my.
What candy is it?
Yeah, touch master is faster.
Oh yeah, what you gotta do is take a tip of real love.
You're putting a drought.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh yeah, what you gotta do is take a tip of real love.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hey, Creme, don't like it.
Oh, the Harper.
Don't dump dump every time I see.
That green card in the wind.
Don't dump dump dump dump dump dump dump.
My TV, he's president of the f***er.
Republica bustle in and in our titular idiot.
I don't know why they want to stop a nice teacher.
First teacher there for you.
President of the f***er.
President of the f***er.
Oh, what I did to Gago's phone and get to your voted phone.
Here you are.
Here you want this.
Don't dump dump dump nymphs drumming stupidly.
Don't dump dump dump dump dump.
Find this drug and get rich kid.
Don't dump dump dumps easy than lumber than me.
He's president of the f***er.
Yeah don't care what it does.
You got him in by hook or cross with the frisk.
Oh, what does it do you and I have a handsom fear?
We've got a great leader here.
With president dump.
President dump dump dump dump dump dump dump.
President dump f***er.
My and locals.
This is for 305 60.
Now I got a tell you this this last break was one of the all time.
Now was that actually on the year the treasure island spot or not?
Yes it was. It wasn't an audition.
So you couldn't hear it.
Oh, sorry.
Well that's great news.
Head Berliner.
Unforged radio.
Our 60 WTW.
Oh yeah I got that something.
I'm making it in my blood.
Yeah you.
I make it boy.
And I'm your name, Blame.
Yeah I'm your name, Blame.
Yeah I'm your name, Blame.
They seem so sweet to me.
With their firm little cans.
Bracken.
Little boys need to be with me.
Cause I'm a name, Blame.
Yeah I'm a name, Blame.
Yeah I'm a name, Blame.
Hey little kid I'll give you candy and a ride.
You can sit on my lap and I will let you drive.
Let you drive.
Let you drive.
Yeah you.
Shake your mouth in.
When you wear your little pants.
Don't tell a little secret.
Cause I'm your name, Blame.
Yeah I'm your name, Blame.
Yeah I'm your name, Blame.
And when I shower I'll invite you inside.
And when I touch your little parts.
I can hide.
I can hide.
I can hide.
Oh yeah I got that something.
I'm making it in my dress.
Yeah you.
I make it boy.
And I'm your name, Blame.
Yeah I'm your name, Blame.
Yeah I'm your name, Blame.
Yeah I'm your name, Blame.
MTV presents 9 inch nails unplugged.
I want a f**k you like an animal.
Damn it this thing's not on.
I'll come this isn't working.
What you threat you knocked over my bonge?
9 inch nails unplugged only on MTV.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dom a people kill.
With the gas that we sold him.
First time a crescer nation and the only one that's going.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea.
The nooks there toe to land the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our head.
That iraq has some.
Memphis of that destruction.
3000 people killed.
I'm not forgotten that's exploit him instead.
There's oil to be caught in going after sedum too.
Plankato sama there's no longer mention of the name in law.
But no one seemed concerned all.
I'm being complacent.
Believe in every word of this cartel in administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation.
The right wing is drilling it over and over and to our head.
That iraq has some.
Weapons of that destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
Where all suspects now, not the ass problem is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Table talkers all are saying.
Plinomedian cattle don't have any reservations.
Out of provokes, battle, and world at nihilations.
Oldations must fall and have a virgin in stone.
With no objection at all.
Then the crap don't have the balls and the.
Right wing is drilling it over and over and to our parade was met.
I rack has some.
Weapons of that destruction.
Only I rack has some.
Weapons of that destruction.
All of the dice.
She just loves to put on 69.
She picked up a woman taste so fine.
She's not any she's alive.
All of the dice.
All of the women she just loves to live.
She would never have touched your teeth.
She's no lady she's alive.
All of the women she's alive.
Try not to romance up her cheats.
Say blow all my high.
She said she'd rather strap on her tail down.
Who would have died?
She's my dream girl but it just can't be.
She's got found out that she is lazy.
She's not any she's alive.
I'm about to tell you and I finally had to leave her.
But she will never let me go.
All of the dice.
All of the dice.
All of the dice.
All of the dice.
All of the dice.
And now it's time for leave it to Ozzy.
Starting Barbara Billingsley as June Cleaver.
Hugh Beaumont as Ward Cleaver and the irrepressible Ozzy Osborne as the Oz.
Oh good morning Ozzy.
Oh f**k you mom.
Oh dear I can see someone woke up on the wrong side of the van.
Oh Joe Bloody hell.
I can't believe it.
I must be ahead of her.
What the f**k is Sharon?
Who's Sharon?
Is that one of your friends from school dear?
Good morning Ozzy.
Oh f**k you dad.
Get out of my fight.
Now Ozzy that's no way to talk to your father.
Say son, what have you got planned for today?
Where are you married when I got planned for today?
Oh no, this one's the Prince of Dog.
It's have to hand out a f**k to our Chennai.
I'm going to go fight the head over to Barcelona, Costco.
I was like, you have fun now.
Okay Ozzy?
Yeah sure one.
What the f**k is so...
We hope you enjoyed this episode of Lee the To Ozzy.
Tune in next week when you hear Ozzy say f**k mom.
F**k him f**k.
20 to 1 at 560 WQ.
I'm still recovering from that the previous break when you put Farrell on.
Yeah.
Because I've been playing off the tape here and it was like one of those is it real or is it
memory?
I know.
That was the idea.
I see.
Well it was a sure had me fooled.
But I got him back with at the 6 to 10 thing.
It was been...
I think he gave us the answer.
Yeah.
Hey home owners, is there anything worse than venturing out to your backyard especially on one of those days when it's 100 in the shade?
To hop in and beat once beautiful pool and you find that it's stained, it's dirty, maybe it's even cracking in the pool too.
Or your pool doesn't have to be a mess no mo.
Call our friends at Atlantic Marseille.
Atlantic Marseille specializes in refinishing pools, bringing them back to life brighter and more colorful than ever before.
And now Atlantic Marseille is introducing something new and great called Atlantic Blue Bright.
For over 12 years Atlantic Marseille is beautified pools with the ever-property diamond bright.
And the makers of diamond bright have developed Atlantic Blue Bright exclusively for Atlantic Marseille.
Atlantic Blue Bright promises to leave your pool with a richer, more colorful appearance I'd match by anything on the market.
In fact your friends and neighbors will be convinced that you got yourself a brand new pool.
That's how good it's going to look.
Licensed and insured are real construction company.
And they use full-time employees, not subcontractors, that just came off of an anabode.
Atlantic Marseille is a family owned and operated business that thousands of people have known to come and trust in love.
And they serve daydrowed in Palm Beach counties.
Atlantic Marseille also performs expert deck renovations, custom lighting pool heating and exotic and erotic water features too.
So enjoy all of this summer in your own backyard, call Atlantic Marseille Tool Free today and be sure and tell a mold needle for any to call 1-800-558-883.
That's 1-800-558-883. Atlantic Marseille truly is a pool's best friend.
I'm a local, since this is my city. The radio's on your side.
QAM!
The WQA of is proud to announce Howard David is dead.
Hey, thank you Howard!
Forget about it, consequently after days of intensive shock therapy,
management emerged with a brand new lineup for the vacationing Howard David.
Starting tomorrow, wake up with the Joe Mark and Sajjo.
Baby, oh the way it was intended to be, with erotic sports updates by Guildy.
That's the Joe Mark and Sajjo.
Now on 5-60-WQ-AM.
First, it was the classic animated Disney adventure, Pocahonts.
Now, Fodder and Iteels comes the live action sequel. Richard Simmons is Pocahine.
Wow, look at the camp on a fowler.
The first alternative lifestyle summer camp for a dolphin.
Now, I'm your head counselor, Pocahine.
Are there any questions?
Yes, you need Pocahine.
Do you have a little Indian in you?
No, but the night's still young.
Wow, that's very asleep.
Let's get some sleep now.
Tomorrow, we'll be up at the crack of dawn.
By the way, have you met my brother, Dye?
Stand up and introduce yourself.
Richard Simmons is Pocahine and a camp on a fowler.
The campfire isn't the only thing that's flaming.
Okay, guys.
One more weenie and I'm going to get it.
Weenie and Camphons.
Where is Waelin's flower gone?
I'm packed corn and I don't care.
Weenie and Camphons.
All right.
I'll show you how to make smart.
First, you pack the bags.
Then the marshmallows.
And now, Graham, come here, Graham.
Oh, God.
You'll hear fascinating campfire stories.
Well, of course, my great uncle was the little big horn.
He was very close to General George Armstrong Custer.
They were actually dating toy here.
They were laughing at me being together.
The general was quite aroused.
I guess you could say my uncle was there for Custer's second to last camp.
On the big screen this summer, it's Pocahine.
Co-starving Jim J. Bullock as little big swallow.
Wow.
I sure do enjoy the great back to...
I mean the outdoors.
The campfire is full.
Pocahine, can I ride in your Jeep?
Sure.
Have you ever ridden in a Cherokee?
No, but I want French kiss and earacorn.
Pocahine, also starring Dom Delewee as sitting bull.
Charles, no, not Riley, as spinning bull.
And Chuck Berry is...
...slotting bull.
Pocahine, Snoop Doggie Dog, as the Ranemofo.
And featuring a special cannibal appearance, you won't want to mess.
Hey, isn't that Fave-Deterney Robert Shapiro?
Yes, I am a counselor here.
But you're not an Indian?
Yes, I am.
What tribe?
What else?
So...
...and you're a woman, making an Indian son with Pocahine
from touch school pictures and creative TV videos.
Their soons provided the soundtrack for all whole generation.
And now they're finding a whole new audience with a CD
that doesn't sound a whole lot like anything they've ever done before.
It's the best of Crosby, Stills, and Cash.
Shows you nowhere right in.
On the Marikus Express.
Experience.
Desjabu.
All over again.
When Crosby, Stills, and Cash unveil a whole different take on this classic tune.
All houses are very, very, very fun house.
With two cats in the yard.
It's a CD jam packed with all the songs you want to teach your children.
Mike.
I am yours.
You are mine.
Hello, I'm Johnny Cash.
Crosby, Stills, and Cash.
You know, we used to sing like a couple of boys named Sue.
But now, the cash register's ringing because we're singing in a whole new register.
You are what you are.
And you may get hard.
The best of Crosby, Stills, and Cash.
Walk the line straight to your local record store and pick up a copy today.
Put on my final words tonight.
Have a full street.
Just check out the best of Hustler and I'm starting to feel the heat.
Suddenly I see people checking out my buttons I see.
Yeah, I got a first class riser.
It don't pitch to ten my teeth.
Now I'm sporting a Woody.
I'm finding it impossible to conceal.
I'm sporting a Woody.
All right.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
So it goes to go this.
He was part one too.
Follow him up to the gate to basement.
Just to see what he would do.
It goes to the basement.
As he headed far as room.
There's a printer in the ghost.
He's waiting for his post down in the jungle room.
With Farting Wood isn't man best.
It's really impossible to conceal.
Sporting Wood isn't man best.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
Sporting Wood isn't man best.
It's almost impossible to conceal.
Sporting Wood isn't man best.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
I feel I can add to it out of real.
We're sports radio 5cc.
QAM.
And...
I saw Jesus.
I saw Jesus.
I saw Jesus.
I saw Jesus.
I saw Jesus.
I saw Him.
I saw Him.
I saw Him.
I saw Him.
I saw Him.
I saw Him.
I saw Him.
I saw Him.
I saw Him.
I saw Him.
I saw Him.
I saw Him.
I saw Jesus.
Long live our sixteen Cabal R believe.
Young Washing on a Layman with anuellar oyster.
Kaac Chitala ownership.
The Prophet of ouritaas was a powerful Grandpa,
But in the rear view mirror I could see cases staring back at me
Here's my soul Jesus on the stick of all of us
I saw him on my path up to the star and the sea in my car
All my friends think of nuts down the red neck bar
All I saw pieces on the stick of all of us
All I saw pieces on the stick of all of us
I saw him on the side of a taco in the hood cap on my car
I saw him in a bowl of spaghetti in the side of the smut first yard
Yes, I saw pieces on the stick of all of us
Everybody, I saw pieces on the stick of all of us
I saw him on my path up to the star and the sea in my car
All my friends think of nuts down at the red neck bar
All I saw pieces on the stick of all of us
There he is again
Wow, what an ending to a uh, what is it 17 months
Something like that right of pure living hell back to back with the molemyster
Don't forget new lineup starts tomorrow morning
So we got coming up next the last gem manage one to three ever show got it
I feel like we should play the fanfare or something
Yeah
That's nothing
And this was our last nine to one show thank god
Don't forget tomorrow back to 10 to two as we get our life back
Bye bye bye
Send me a watch your show on classic news on MQA
My name is for my days
Friends of that loser too
