From all whatever you do, take off those checkered pants.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
Met many drivers enough, don't turn your back.
She'll spother you to death as junk you sack.
Met David got in time, read for his life.
He dated her one time, she thought she was his wife.
She wears your clothes when you're gone, watches you sleep.
You think it's casual, but her feelings are deep.
That may be drivers enough, but what a bunch.
Boy, did that movie suck or what?
But all apologies to the very nice lady called yesterday
to tell me about what a wonderful movie that was.
Goodwill Hunting, man, that sucked.
Big time, it was.
I mean, aside from that scene that she was raving about
on the adventure, yeah, other than that.
I mean, from there on, of course, Robin Williams,
he eventually, you know, after a pretty good start,
he eventually latched into being Robin Williams again
and started hyperventilating and doing this patch
Adams routine without the red nose this time.
And it was horrible, so predictable, so trite, so pointless.
And many driver, 20 years for overacting, honey.
I mean, she was just, she was, she was squirting
more than Teresa on passions.
She was like, I thought she was gonna drown
in a sea of her own tears.
It was, it was awful.
Thank you.
I put it a lot for the warning.
No, don't waste your time off the net.
Badwill Hunting.
And I got really upset the couple of times
when Robin Williams put his arms around the mat,
Damon, and started rubbing it back up his neck.
I thought they were gonna do something.
Speaking of somebody gonna do something,
the beast, since they were just talking about it,
I'm like, close personal buddy, the molemeister show.
And I know that everybody who listened to this show
listened to the mole man, the man of the mole man.
The beast, he's off our list.
Your screwed beast, I already told Troy Stratford this morning,
stop his food, he's done.
So you can get away with it once, twice.
And it's being a fat person that cheats all the time.
I'm familiar with how you do it right.
But when you do it as blatantly and overtly as he's doing,
and have no common sense at all,
we just don't have, we can't waste our time with him anymore.
You know what I'm saying?
This is the beast.
Yeah, bye bye.
Bye bye bye, find some other sucker, okay,
to try to help your life along.
He's like a cheer-ady case.
Everybody's gotta try to get him food, help him lose weight,
get him a date, maybe get laid once in his life.
No, bye bye.
When I heard them talking this morning
about how he and Greeper went to the Rascal House,
and didn't we just yesterday,
unless my Alzheimer's is kicking in,
was that only yesterday we had a spy report
about the beast man?
I love eating nuts.
Sucking food down, sucking it in.
He's always only a soup, it was only a gal in a soup,
but the hurricane game.
And I will say this, I think there's a reason
that they put him on those hurricane games,
probably to make Zaganki sound live better.
I know that on the board,
Zaganki's just for the time we moved away from the NBA,
now they come again,
and Greeper is coming out.
Greeper has set a lot of strength right there.
And he's going to be there.
There's a catcher.
Greeper has set a lot of strength in front.
He's going to be there.
He's going to be there.
He's going to be there.
And it's Greeper who can't get it out.
Fire, come on.
Greeper has set a lot of strength in front of him.
Come on.
Hey.
Hey.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
That's for that asshole that called from Philadelphia yesterday.
Typical Philadelphia,
and of course, very possible.
Flyers probably went at home tonight's possible.
Didn't happen last night, Mr. B.
shot, Mr. Big mouth.
Typical Philadelphia fan with an arrogant,
obnoxious, high-style attitude, rude, disgusting.
We're going to put you out of your misery tonight.
Yeah, we'll see.
We'll see what happens, Mr. Hodgeot.
You can take your freaking flyers
and stick them right in the moon, don't you?
In fact, maybe he's got a bunch of freaking flyer points.
Have any of those freaking flyer points?
Yeah, that's right.
So Muff was just telling me, came back from Boston,
of his abustment holiday over the weekend.
And there were people on the plane wearing surgical masks.
Yeah.
From Fort Lauderdale to Boston.
First of all, I haven't heard of any cases of SARS
in Boston.
And Fort Lauderdale, if we have any,
we had a couple of indeed counties,
a few, what, a couple hundred, whatever was.
But people go and wear surgical masks
down a plane from Fort Lauderdale to Boston.
I think we should start a concession.
Yeah, what a hell not.
I mean, there are people up here doing it,
selling them on the side of the road, dollar or holler.
You know, for dime surgical masks.
Very, very strange.
Don't forget to check out our Hot Couples contest.
It's on our website.
It starts Thursday May 1.
So we got a week and a half to get going on that.
I don't want to waste the time with it right now.
I've got too many fish to fries they say in a business,
don't they?
Right.
Did I mention that asshole from Philadelphia?
We kicked your ass last night.
Did I mention that yet?
No.
WDQAM.
I'm dark.
Hey, listen, tell me, I work for medical equipment company.
Yeah.
And we cannot keep those masks in stock.
People are constantly buying them.
And what are they doing?
What are they doing with them?
They're, they're like going out of town and stuff.
And they're afraid they're going to catch fire.
Oh, I've heard of George.
The funny part about the mask.
Yeah.
They're exhale only.
You can't inhale if you're wearing one.
You inhale germs, but you will not exhale them.
Oh my god.
I take them far.
I see.
So in other words, you probably should put another one
on the outside of that.
What if you sprayed it with listerine?
You need some kind of like a respirator.
Maybe that's why, maybe that's why Bubba didn't inhale.
OK, thanks for the good news.
How do you like that?
Or exhale a mask only.
So my suggestion is, if you're that worried about it,
just to kid yourself would be a good idea.
I mean, you know, you can, I'm sitting right up here
in the middle of it.
OK, well, I'm in the middle of it exactly.
Thank goodness about where I'd be gone.
But, huh?
Oh, seriously, I mean, what do you, the only precaution
like I've told you that I take, every time I come in this place,
I go to the kitchen sink.
I got my big thing of dawn dish washing liquid here.
And I put on a warm water.
And I wash, I scrub my hands very meticulously
for about like 30 seconds.
And I dry my hands off.
And that's it.
That's it.
Yeah.
The only bad part is now they discovered
that the virus actually can live.
They thought it was only going to live like outside the human body
for like maybe an hour or two.
Now they say that it lives outside the body for up to 24 hours.
So the danger there being that if it gets on surfaces,
you know, right?
And so it's just a little afraid.
Not that it's really on my mind.
And I'm sure you don't believe that, but it's not.
But you just get in the habit of doing certain things
like when I get on the elevator in my building, right?
I take my key, my apartment key,
and I punch the ground floor button,
which that's the one everybody punches anyway,
because they got to come down from somewhere.
And I punched that with a key.
And then when I come back on,
I do the same thing for my flow.
Yeah, I believe you're not the paranoid type.
And no, and you just get in the habit of doing that.
It just makes comments.
Because they said that elevator buttons are one of the possibilities.
I mean, it's so unlikely and so obscure.
But it's just one of those things you get in the habit of doing.
But the idea of running around getting hysterical about it,
in addition to which 95% of the people survive it anyway.
Not that it's a pleasant thing to have or anything,
but especially when you get to be mose-age.
Hey, mo, I wear a mask if I were you.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, for a lot more reasons than one.
Boy, he talks about me being ugly, man.
I guess I don't look in a mirror,
especially after he puts his peace on.
We leave the house in the morning.
Wow.
No one would come.
No, sir, it's a good thing he works early in the morning.
Because by the time he's coming in,
there's nobody he's even awake yet.
Can you imagine to be his age to be in your late 70s?
And I have to get up.
What time you think he has to get up in the morning
to come in from Boka?
A tree?
At least.
Wait, yeah, the waking up, yeah.
Huh, get up at three.
Wash off the peace, right?
Arrange it.
It reminds me of that scene from La Cajafol.
Remember when he was sitting in from the mirror
that he was seeing at him adjusting the peace, the peace
Newseure?
And then getting out of highway.
How long would you say it takes even at that hour in the morning?
There's not much traffic from Boka all the way to where we are
in the daybrowered line.
I would say the better part of an hour.
Hour?
So I'm thinking, yeah, he's got to get up like 334
at the latest.
Four would be really pushing it.
Yeah, do you think he's a morning shower or a evening shower?
You ever smelled the aroma that comes from that room
early in the morning?
Huh?
Anyway, that, aren't that the letter of the editor
in Sunday's paper, which I understand
according to a spy report from Venerboy that the mole
Maister actually mentioned by a name this morning that he was
admitted listening to the show.
How you doing?
Well, have a safe drive home.
Be safe, Mo.
Be safe.
But he actually admits that he listens to the show.
And that's something he's really making progress,
taking little tiny baby steps.
You know how they say that you revert your childhood as you get
really ancient like him?
Yeah.
And he's taking little tiny baby steps.
Hopefully joining the human race someday, but we have our doubts.
I'm positive.
It won't happen.
But he admits that I had some interesting things to say
about that letter from Jim Lenson Plantation of the Sunday
Sports section in the hero.
You're not going to melt that again today.
Are you Neil?
Sure.
Why not?
I like it.
Eric was suggesting that that would be a good option
for this poll.
Who was suggesting?
Eric.
Eric, who?
Now, what do you mean, Eric, was suggesting
what would be an option for the poll?
Letting the colors decide when they're done talking.
You're done talking, Eric.
You're done.
The beast is done.
And Eric is done talking.
Let me ask you.
You saw the poll.
Now you did put one additional self-deprecating choice
on there, which I thought was a good idea.
But do you think, I mean, we've got two, four, six, eight,
nine choices on there.
Do you think it's lacking in choices?
Yeah, I think we need more.
More.
Yeah, I would think so.
But don't see that movie, goodwill, honey.
I won't.
And I was warned.
Other people warned me, but if you get it,
I don't know.
What do we think it'll get a lot of calls on it?
Plus, it's plus it's not a guy's movie anyway.
You know, it's a fag movie.
Oh, it is.
It's something I would like ordinarily.
And I hated it.
I mean, I enjoyed seeing Matt Damon.
He looked pretty good.
Ben Affleck really gets on my nerves.
He says, no purpose in that movie.
His younger brother is in there, too.
Casey.
Casey, Casey.
And he also serves no purpose.
They're like, I don't want to go through this.
He served a purpose to get paid.
I guess so.
He served a purpose for himself, but he was a useless, as usual.
And he just seems like Matt Damon's a appendage.
Whatever Matt Damon is, there's Ben Affleck.
He says, appendage.
So I guess if that wedding with JLo ever happens,
which I'm sure it won't, but Matt will have to be
long on a honeymoon.
He'll have to be like the go-between, so to speak.
Huh?
He'll have to be like to meet in the sand, the third wheel,
the meet in the sandwich.
Anyway, speaking of the meet in the sandwich,
the beast you're out.
Bye-bye.
He's had, well, how many chances have we had for him?
About third man.
At least.
And once we get past 30, I just give up.
I mean, it would be one thing if you were cheating,
which we all do that.
You know, nobody's perfect on any weight loss thing.
But when you're cheating openly like that at the ballgame,
so everybody can see it.
And then going to the Rascal House with Robert Greeper
and eating lunch at the Rascal House,
I got news for you.
I guarantee he didn't take his little black sack
to the Rascal House, OK?
Your sack of crap is what you are.
Beast and we're disgusted with you and nauseated.
And we feel ripped off.
I feel like I've been raped at it, you know?
I feel like Momas feel all the time like I've been raped at it.
Well, that's not funny.
And it is not funny, especially when the beast
is on the other end.
So I'm starting to think that Mohan the right idea
when he dumped his ass.
As time goes on, the moment we start talking about balance
for life and lose the weight, the serious weight,
get serious about it, OK?
If you're just going to screw yourself,
then you're wasting your time.
You know, if you're just going to try to fool yourself,
but there's no reason for that because you get to choose
two choices for every meal every day that's run a program
and every snack.
There are three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks
in your little black sack.
And you get two choices for each every single day.
So you don't have to count any calories.
You don't have to watch your carbs.
All you have to do is watch the spool and fork
as it goes into your mouth and really enjoy it.
Because like I said, there are five servings,
five feedings in your black sack, which is more than enough
to keep you satisfied and full all through the day.
Except for the worst of the pigs.
Believe me, you'll be more than satisfied
on a great food from balance for life.
It's all fresh.
Delicious.
There's nothing you've frozen.
No preservatives, no additives, no crap
like you find for most other so-called diet purveyors.
Let balance for life help you lose the weight
and get back your good health and start looking good,
to get some real size clothing on.
Call balance for life today at 9.5.4.
5.6.8.30.29.
9.5.4.5.6.8.30.29.
If you're really decided you want to lose the weight
and you're serious about it, this is the way to go.
Balance for life.
Check out their website at balanceforlife.com.
5.6.9.
This is 5.60.
The radio's on your top.
2.8.30.29.
It's time to get it on.
Well, congratulations. Get alive.
As a little too stuff, how do lose a few pounds?
Hands to tight, seems bustin' out.
Hello, George.
Just had a big burrito with these hand-rides.
The sauce on top was an extra spice.
Lots of extra spice.
It can't stop.
Not there in a bad row with an egg, it's having.
Saddle of Colesie, butter was ready.
Jesus Christ.
Waking up, cross, wasn't reading the news.
Waking up, I was over.
Trying to move some back up, cross through food.
Waking up, I was over.
And it was taken time.
Pretty big.
I was a blessed night, trying to make some thunder.
How long would it take, a sad wonder?
Stop it, we didn't magazine from 1962.
You know, we didn't want a bowel move.
Cause I'm all bound up from cheese that's turned to glue.
Brain for a bowel move.
I'm out of paper again.
You asshole.
Bow move.
Ain't it funny how it takes so much time?
Or bow move?
I wanna remember, I wanna remember, I wanna remember.
I should've brought a camera.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
A masterpiece, there ever there was one.
Let's see, 1344 votes on yesterday's poem, not to Shabby, eh?
Where would you never eat even if they gave you the food for free?
We asked yesterday, stop and think about that.
If they gave it to you for free, and I'm really proud that we finally got under 30%
that said that if it's hey, I'll eat it.
And we were embarrassed in the beginning with like 36, 37%.
I think finally is the day we're on.
We had more like civilized people instead of the usual free loaders who vote during the show.
28.5% though said if it's free, I'll eat it 384.
So we got some lunch standing by.
George worked on it for you this morning.
He's got a big plate full for you.
Seven 11 food was second 139.
They don't like them pickled eggs and them sausages man.
Just give them the old shmitz and their subs with wet bread.
They have subs at the seven I guess like hogees and saran wrap.
So that it locks in all the moisture.
Mm-hmm.
McDonald's 114.
Good choice.
South Florida Stadium food 96.
The Swap Shop Food 88.
You don't want to eat Preston's hen.
Pizza Hut 58.
I don't know why you're so down.
I mean I'm not saying I like pizza which I don't but it's not like I don't see in the same
category.
For example the olive garden 48.
I would croak I would sacrifice a chicken right in front of their door before I would eat
the food at the olive garden there.
There's just no way.
Denny's 46.
Burger King 45 started moving back up later again after kind of getting stuck on about
30 Burger King 45.
That was my choice.
I would not eat there under any circumstance.
They have nothing there that's edible.
Can you name the other than their sodas which I get kind of hard to although some places
actually watered down the soda so much.
Yeah.
The those fountain sodas taste nasty.
Yeah.
So I don't think there's anything you could name at.
Oh no I take that back there are breakfast stuff the course sandwiches are good.
Okay there you go.
Yeah you're right.
I'm not a breakfast person anymore I certainly wouldn't eat that crap anyhow.
But back at my days in W.I.N.Z.
Since I'll admit that I have no shame back when I used to work at I.N.Z. at night.
On the way to work I would go through the drive through what Burger King.
And I would give me like two cross sandwiches with bacon and cheese no egg.
That sounds good.
Oh it was great.
It was fantastic.
I thought I was the other one that did that but the no egg.
Oh the egg.
Oh the egg.
Those are like they're like plastic hockey pucks.
Carlos too.
He's orders it with no egg.
Oh my god.
Oh the slimy nesting.
Yeah.
Like snot they call it egg but it's not Burger King in 45 votes.
Arby's 43 which I think I don't know.
Arby's once upon a time right back in the beginning Arby's was great.
When he was like huh they're fries and they give you fry options like potato cakes and stuff
like that that parts good but they're sandwiches.
In the beginning they used like real cheddar cheese melted cheddar.
Huh instead of what they use now you're right.
Oh instead of whatever that mystery cheese is now I don't know.
I think I've come to the end and the thing that would infuriate me there's an Arby's
I think it's still there.
Maybe not.
On university by sunrise.
Don't know.
Or is it Pine Island?
Well whatever you know where the Fudruckers is there right.
I know the Fudge Muckers right next to it there's an Arby's pretty sure it's filler and
they used to have these special special sandwiches and the specials were great.
And they would say for a limited time when he does the same thing to really pisses me
off for a limited time and you'll say this is the best damn thing they've ever made.
This is the best sandwich ever had and you go back to following week to get another
one.
Oh we don't make that anymore.
Yeah.
It was too good.
I don't understand but Arby's 43 votes.
Mimie subs 36 the waffle house 35.
Checkers 26 red lobster 25.
You can't complain about their food.
They don't give you any KFC and Popeyes each had 23.
Look at that.
Those chicken people think alike.
Apple V's 20 churches chicken 19 little Caesars 18 little red Cabo 16.
It'll turn you loose baby.
Crazy John don't mind.
Oh God I got to some soda down the wrong pipe.
Oh sorry.
Yeah now that's a better not go out till I get this coughing under control.
I'll be quarantined right on the elevator.
Roadhouse grill 15 Boston chicken 8 the Deary Queen Brazil food 7 mutiners 7 and Smith
and Walonsky 5 in last place.
And maybe we just had a bad experience huh?
No because I had eaten there on two non consecutive occasions and it sucked.
Yeah.
I'll be damn but boy that cutlery they brought me was great.
I think I might sell it.
No seriously they brought me a real expensive knife set.
I think maybe they were trying to like give me a message.
Look at that the Canadian dollars all the way up to 69 and a quarter cents that is the
worst at least from my perspective.
It's been in 10 years.
American dollar is declining like it's going out of style.
It's declining faster than tourism in Hong Kong.
Here's the fact that says and this is ties right in with something I wanted to mention
maybe before we get to these very important pool which stems from that great letter from
Jim Lenson plantation on Sunday the hero.
I'm going to milk it again today.
Why not?
Why not?
It was not not only was it a I mean it was a stupid letter but the idea is it was so
funny because you can analyze every sentence and almost every every phrase in it is a
rip off from somebody else.
That's why I'm sure PD Lenny wrote it.
Don't you think I think it was a foe?
You think it was me foe?
Me foe the money and two to show.
Well he is awful tired of poly man that's his buddy they're trying to live just like
have been the afloch and mad Damon right campaigning to get him on the air.
Why does he put him on his own show?
Oh you think they're going to put up with that crap.
First of all they won't pay him see that's all they won't pay him.
You think depot is going to pay him out of some of the Indian money's got left over.
I doubt it.
Anyway here's the fact is this is hate and evil you know the war is over I was watching CNN
this morning guess what they reported.
Shark attacks.
Oh yeah.
Next up it says abductions I guess whoever fasted this to me didn't already discover that
they've made the transition and I was telling them these guys this morning before the show
that the reason now we see the Scott and Lacey Peterson stuff on their like round
o'clock is because the war is basically over.
I mean operation Iraqi freedom in Mississippi still pumping that crap but the war right now
like right now that's the B.C.
I'm watching sorry because they actually are showing a bunch of demonstrations are going
on over there.
And we met one of the of the most people in the city and he was telling us how the
Shiites want to be counted want to be part of the process but they will have to
have a slap at himself on the chest and they're flagulating themselves again as she
writes and you know I was watching this this morning and they're showing it under again
and I was thinking what for the umpteenth time wouldn't it be great if we woke up on
morning and all religion in the world is this would not be great.
I mean you you people out there that just don't want to hear about that or in such denial
that that's where it comes from man.
That's the reason that the evil the real evil doers like these corporate lunatics are able
to manipulate the public the way they can because of this religious focus focus man you don't
need a focus group to see through the hook is focus although they are doing a hooky
poke thanks to the American troops teaching a nice goal but they're over there some of
the people are even doing like that they only did that like in the far east they're
flagulating themselves with chains all the options that come out of the Middle East
involve that self-beating self punishment bloodletting I see like I said if we woke up
tomorrow and all of us crap would just disappear all the fairy tales all of a sudden people
would say well how come I hate you because I don't anymore.
Imagine if there was no yoko ono we'd all say yeah excellent choice well I'm gagging
on his soda.
Thars when you stop you know the Eaton Center that I've talked about which is a downtown
probably the most the biggest or the most famous shopping center in the city yeah and
Sears bought out Eaton's department store that you know had all kinds of problems when
so they finally changed the sign and as you walk down there it's there's a big serious
sign I was thinking the other day being as sick as I'm if they took the E out of there
if like the light on the E went out of what say stars on the front of the Eaton Center
people be like swooning all over the place probably probably not real good for business
speaking of business if you're a business ain't too good if you're getting like a puny
paycheck every week or two weeks because you got a crappy did end job here's the answer
for you get out of that and the endless deal and get yourself a real job from our friends
at fast train get trained for a new high-paying computer job in just for sure at months and
you can be a real mench even if you have no idea what that means fast trade offers convenient
day evening a weekend classes check them out of the web if you like it fast train.com and
like I said get out of your dead end job and say goodbye to your butt plug of a boss call
fast train today and like I always tell you no matter where you live that's going to
be a piece of cake because there's about to be a location convenient to where you live
they're all over towner in Miami Kindle Pembroke Pines and I went for a lot of day or two
so this will be one close by you and also be sure and register at fast train.com to get
your free American flag bumper sticker call them today and get all the information there's
no obligation get yourself started on the road we're real serious
as I was watching my TV one day on man came on the two-fantomory nature when the
service was by a shot again and I said does anybody really know where
hey
where
you know what I want to know
I don't know, I don't know
I'm going to be here
I'm going to be here
Rumsfeld calls for regime change in North Korea
Before I get to our poll today
A secret Donald Rumsfeld memorandum calling for regime change in North Korea with leak yesterday
Opening a first foreign policy split in the Bush administration
They had a great documentary on last night in between the 85 periods of the hockey game
I was able to see quite a bit of it on the history channel
Yeah
About the origins of this whole Saddam Hussein thing
But it went way back into the late 40s and early 50s
And about how the CA was operating in Guatemala
At the behest of the United Fruit Company which later became Shakita Banana
And all the machinations of what the CIA has done in ousting various dictators
And making some of them an offer to put refuse and ousting other people who weren't even dictators
But nevertheless
Starting with Guatemala and then moving through the Bay of Pigs and on and on away
It was scary as well as what it was
And that's one of the reasons I told you that there's no history, real history taught in American schools
Because it would be pretty embarrassing and awful lot of it
Anyway, the Rumsfeld classified discussion paper circulated by defense secretary by him
Appears to cut directly across the state department plans to disarm Kim Jong-il
The North's dictator, those threats levied by promises that this regime is not a target over Akhenim Reedit
There's a couple of words missing in it
But nevertheless you get to just, it's on our website
Rumsfeld says, regime change in North Korea
Wolsey says, regime change from that fascist in Syria
regime change, regime change at QAM, I'm sorry
And that gets back to this poll today
Now here was this great letter by Jim in plantation who did not have any, I'm guarantee he'll call us today
How much you want to bet?
Thirty dollars
Talk radio needs to boost and for anybody who might not have been listening yesterday
Which yesterday, even though it wasn't an official holiday, was similar to something about half-ast holiday
Yeah, because I noticed, well they had the Boston Marathon day after Easter Sunday of year in Boston
And so it's kind of like some kind of a holiday there and here like the post office was closed yesterday
So it's like, it was in between and you said your kid wasn't in school yesterday?
Correct
So it was something
So I'm sure we have, how many people you think didn't hear yesterday on the show?
But third man
Talk radio needs to boost, wrote this a guide to the Harold on Sunday of the sports section
It's clear that WQM general manager Greg Reed needs to energize how our David's morning show
Absolutely correct
And as Jim Manage and Hank Goldberg shows the changes it says
David, a stand-up radio host, uncharacteristically, faded like a cheap clamor at Gulfstream Park
When a February color estimate of common and some neo-Rongers or marks on the show
What a defa was in that is faded like a cheap clamor at Gulfstream Park
There was the first hell-tail sign that something really stunk from this letter
David, who has an opinion on about everything, said I only worry about what happens between 6 and 9 a.m.
Howard, give us your opinion on Rogers be a good or bad?
David should inform listeners on the specific support he thinks is lacking by QA amendment
A reference to a very jackass column
I think what happened was it was like a circle jerk, very jackass, DFO, PD Lenny and the Pauli-Man
I'll set around in a big circle and put their minds together and wrote this crap
However, here comes another one of the most glaring points
Paul Messle should be brought in as the third personality to live in up the morning show
Messle is clever, glib and very funny
And he would add a much-needed on-air charismatic chemistry to the show
Even though QA has a reputation of being cheap, a co-host, they see this is this PD Lenny
A co-host needs to be added to manage his show as manage capable of intelligent conversation in more than 30 seconds with any collar
The competent wolf ring seems to pride himself in getting the collar off the air as soon as possible
And he rudely cuts off collars too soon
And now comes the gem, the piece the resistance of this letter
Why not let the collar decide when the conversation should end?
That, seriously, I can't read that often enough, I'm sitting here and I'm looking at that
It reminds me of Geldy's compliment this morning when Robert Greeper made it very clear that he's tired of one that chronicly calls every day on that show
He's got nothing to say by the way, very annoying guy
And Greeper was trying to make the point that maybe he just might not call it every day and Geldy's saying
It's a talk show, he invites people to call and he's knocking people to call us in
See Geldy, if you know anything about doing a talk show which you don't, you don't understand
The audience doesn't want to hear the same half a dozen people every single day
There's nothing that they have to say that's that entertaining, that interesting, that fascinating that they want to hear the same chronic misfits
Every single day, it's the death male of talk radio and here's Geldy defending it
Why not let the collar decide when the conversation shouldn't?
And then he goes on to say, Jeff DeForest would have needed stick to the managed gig
Goldberg's picture in his next to the word B-O-R-I-N-G in the dictionary, his unpredictable collar tyrants are disgrace to his profession
Why does Reed allow Goldberg to continue to berate collars? The answer obviously being because it's a very entertaining part of his show and people love it, including me
Sports talk radio should be fun, lively and thought provoking, and other major markets
Sports talk radio appears likeable personalities that make for enjoyable collar friendly humorous intelligence sports conversation
Sunny South Florida sports talk radio deserves better, writes Jim Lens in plantation
Wow, and so in honor of Jim's letter which I find most amusing and entertaining
Is he on the phone yet? I don't see the line ringing, huh?
No, come on Jim get with it, we'd love to have a great conversation with him
We're giving people an opportunity to swim that book coming out on Friday and we're just killing time
Let's be honest today, tomorrow Thursday until that big winter rating book comes out on Friday
The pressure man, can you see the steam coming through the windows of most car on a highway back to Boko?
Wow, don't worry, his car's not on fire that steam just coming from the bag
Okay, it's a little steamy this morning because the pressure is building
I wait a minute, maybe this is Jim Lens WM Jim Lens line, hello
Hey, this is Jim Lens
No, it's not
Hey, I'm a douchebag
I could tell it wasn't Jim Lens, it was Jim's voice, huh? It wasn't him, it wasn't him
Let me give it a pull question here, quick, ticking around, okay?
What programming changed as WQM need to make to improve big time, that's our pull question today
In anticipation of the winter book coming out on Friday, which could be a little marginal in some day parts including this one
If the right wingers get the diaries in March, we're screwed
If the most people all ten of them get the diaries again, we're screwed
What programming changed as QM need to make to improve big time?
Here are the choices, dump Mo, new morning show
You should retarot like George Stepin
Move Neil back to ten to two, dump the mad dog, dump the hump, ur
I like that, that was cute, nice going Neil, thank you
Bring back the crow, lots more Joseph Gackie
Don't change a thing, it's fine or keep George off the ear
Which was his own, I didn't have that on there originally
But he wanted to put that on her because he knows it'll get a tremendous response
Already is
Is it really?
Well it's time, you're second, you're second
Tied for second
We got to get some preliminary votes on here to pull one up a little early, 27 votes
Dump Mo, new morning show ten, you're in a lead Mo, they can't touch the Mo man
Dump Mo, new morning show ten, keep George off the ear, six
Move Neil back to ten to two, six, don't change a thing, it's fine, three
Dump the mad dog, one, lots more Joseph Gackie one and the other ones have no votes yet
But I'm sure they will, they will, Billy, they will
Twenty before ten at five, sixty, WQM
If your carpets look like, if they're bad, if they're real schmutzzy
Then the answer is dry concepts, I've been using them in my home, I don't even want to admit how long
Well over twenty years, let's just leave it at that
The dry concepts have been coming to clean in my carpets, that's why I've turned all of my friends and my well-lives
Everybody I know how to dry concepts and they all agree, they don't agree on anything else
But they all agree that these people are the best in the universe and you'll agree too when using the first time
You'd never dream of calling anybody else because these folks dry clean your carpets
It's an exclusive patented method and it sucks out even the deepest dirt way down there in the fibres of your carpet
Make some look and feel and smell just like brand new, they're lemony fresh, they're dry in a couple of hours
And you'll be amazed at how great even the nasty old carpets can look just like brand new
They also do a stupendous and beautiful job of cleaning your furniture and your drapery
And of course fantastic on your leather furniture and your oriental ed area rugs too
If you have problems with pet orders and milder orders caused by water damage
They'll wave their little magic thing on it and make that go away too and look just like brand new
You can't beat the job they do and you certainly can't beat the deal because they give you a written guaranteed price
Before they start the jobs you don't have to worry about rip offs at the end
Call them tool free you'll be glad you did call dry concepts at 1-800-248-5071
1-800-248-5071 or log under their world famous website at dryconcepts.com
And with you deal with these folks if the true is a man with dry concepts you can clean today and then entertain tonight
I am law, this is which we will face if you can wear your...
Adneal
Coming up tonight on inside the behind the chewhollywood celebrity music biography profile story
We take a good, hard, stiff look and to start him
He was born in Prague, Czechoslovakia and began playing music at age 4
Like all gifted European prodigies he dreamed of one day coming to America
To write a theme song for a crappy TV show
He was Jan Hammer
I blame the communists, the stinking filthy communists
Jan Hammer had to flee his native Prague because of the communist invasion in 1968
I was educated at the academy of music and arts
I gave concerts that would have you weeping
And what am I known for? Don't f***ing Johnson and Philip Michael f***ing Thomas
Crocod and f***ing Tubbsman
Oh Jesus, Jan Hammer, what a tight ass
Slapy gold, one time Jan Hammer manager
Whoa, say that three times fast, Jan Hammer manager, Jan Hammer manager, Jan Slammer manager
S***, anyway, Slapy gold
Hey, this with the 80s are location in Miami
No way would he have scored that much blow back in Czechoslovakia and Prakia
But Jan Hammer needed closure
So inside the behind returned to them to the modern Czech Republic
Whereas Countryman gave a grateful welcome to their returning musical genius
Hey, Jan Hammer
Come on come on come on, come on come on come on, come on come on!
Oh my God, let me go!
Jan Hammer
Hey, at least you got to do a lot of blow
It's a big juicy stopping wet look at show business
Tonight, on inside the behind
Alright, 947 at 560. You notice I've got a kind of like a theme with the bits today playing a lot of stuff
I haven't played in a long time or haven't played often enough good. I think that's a good idea.
Excellent. Who's asking you? Oh anyway, what programming changed does WQM need to make to improve big time?
Huh? We're not just talking about like a little adjustment, okay? Like a care-of-practic adjustment.
We're talking about a big major movement, you know? You could smell it about 100 miles around.
Dump Mo, New Morning Show 34. Oh no Mo.
Keep George Rothier 18.
Move Neil back to 10 to 2-14. I like that. I didn't vote for that, but I noticed you and I voted for the same one.
We're not saying what it is.
Move Neil back to 10 to 2-14. People say that. I still think that's the catch me out.
I don't know what we do about the rest of the schedule at that point, huh?
I think what we'd have to do probably is move the mad dog to the morning show.
Yeah, we talked about that.
Right. Well, we talked about a lot of things, but then of course our middle management people, they're like useless.
You know, they talk a good game and it's been a lot of time telling me about their trips to Boston and stuff like that.
Which I'm glad that they've had a good time, but who cares when you really come to the other side? A lot of small talk.
Small talk is for like after work, you know, or in a hallway. How was your weekend great?
You know, whatever. But other than that, like when when when you know what I'm saying, what do you say?
That there's a time to like do small talk and there's a time to get down a business and this place never gets down a business.
Too much monkey been and not enough real business. That's what the monkey man said.
No more facts as monkey man. You're getting mayor bugging me. I'm going to tell Larry box about you.
Oh, he already knows. Let's see. Move Neil back to 10 to 2-14. Vote.
Don't change your thing. It's fine. Eight. Lots more Joe Zagaki for.
Yeah. Neil should retire that George step in too. I know who those two were who voted for that by the way.
Yeah, who's that? Ronda Wolf and David Raw.
Bring and I'm thinking about it. I'm thinking, you know, 27 years is a long time.
I'm, you know, every day to have to try to come up with something new and different and new interesting pull and new bunch of stuff to talk.
Try to get these people to call. You know, after a while gets ponderous.
It gets really freaking ponderous after a while. Then of course, payday comes. You think, well, this was kind of rewarding.
Which is the only reward in South Florida. Hey, speaking of before I finished the rest of the poor result, which there ain't much.
Speaking of most threatening not to do the draft show this Saturday, which is a sponsored and paid event as you just turned on the promo.
It would seem to either the guy who's pulling down a half a million here to do a three hour show and getting really crappy numbers to top it all off.
And then on top of that, getting whatever the dolphins pay to do those ball games.
That's a very least you can do. I mean, to look at paid extra just to work a couple of few hours on a Saturday.
What kind of crap is that? Forgot it's making like three million a year. When you say, yeah, I'll do it.
Yeah, George, you have to price anybody that's making seven and a half million a year and it's working a three hour crappy show and has to have a sidekick in there to top it all off with a squeaky voice.
Who says that he's delighted here from one every day. That's part of your problem, Gellys. You don't understand what talk weight is all about.
You never will. You're too obsessed with trying to stab Jacks McDonald to back getting that Panther job next year. That's your problem.
If you pay more attention to understand what talk weight is, we go about and not worried about stabbing other people and trying to get everybody else's goddamn job.
Because you're so paranoid about having to work with a cranky old man and which day you're going to look at him the wrong way and piss him off and get your ass fired.
I think he's got a point. How'd you like to have to put up with that stress? Look how easy you got it, Mr. Right?
You're not making crap. How much do you think Gellys pulling down? I don't know. I do not speculate.
Let's get tough and you're going to find out. I think that no seriously. I'm tired of this crap. Let's quit beating around a bush.
Let's put it all out there on the table for the audience to dissect it. We're going to ask in their opinion. Let's find out.
Yeah, that's what Carlos is making. That's a month.
Carlos is on automatic deposit now. Let's hear it. He's really moving up in a world. Automated deposit so they don't have to clear the check.
Believe me when you work for the beastlies, let's see. Oh, here's an excellent one. Let's add this to the pool. This is great. No more Marlins game.
Even with the chronic factor. I like it. Get that on there, Eric. Please. I have to say pretty pleased. Eric gets very surly, especially after every jecta is a suggestion.
I don't know what I remember what his suggestion was and don't say, yeah, I do remember what it was.
Crap. Let's see Alex says here's some suggestions for your pool. Bring back default. No. No. Drop gold even morning showing Ed Vokabrion. No.
Can you hear that? And Vokabrion is not an on your person. See, people we we already tried that once that I would remember those horrible days.
The shucky Patterson guitar man Vokabrion show. I mean, forget about that. Some people are great comic. It's like Robin Williams.
He's a great standup comic. His movies, most of them suck like what was that one? Patch Adams. No, well that too, but the one I just watched. The goodwill badwill hunting.
Oh God, I'd like to hunt down whoever came up with a contact with that was just I mean so corny. Oh, so predictable.
In addition, but just just out of nowhere, here's Matt Damon and the Boston accents. I wasn't Matt Damon and Ben Affleck. Aren't they from Boston and England? I think they are. Carlos says yes.
The worst. I mean, I lived in Boston for two years. I spent plenty of time there and there's no question. People in Boston, I got a very heavy accent.
In fact, the first job I had in Boston, I couldn't understand what the hell the damn people were saying. Took me about six months before I could understand them.
But the Boston accents that they affected in this movie, they would only come into what they'd be speaking just like I am right now and then yeah, yeah, you know, they were trying to work the next year.
Yeah, I like that. I know where they forgot. Yeah, like they forgot that they were in Boston, but then all of a sudden when they remember, they do remember.
Oh, God, well, horrible. Please, any of you people out there that might have been influenced, don't watch it. Even if you want to see Matt Damon naked, which he, you know, forget about it.
Now, we're not bringing back to you. Sorry, Alex, but you've been rejected. I'll probably use to it anyway. No chance. The Pauli Man is not coming back and I find out from the moment is more and get so much information from me, you know, because evidently because he's in South Florida and paradise, he spent all of his waking moments and maybe even during his sleep with a Sony.
Walkman listening to Q.A.M. listening to the radio station. So he was quoting stuff that the Gurgley Man did on Sunday morning, which I guess that's another one of our horror trade the station out.
And the Gurgley Man is on there with Zagaki and say mad dog thing. Mad dog trades out the time. He's got some kind of a scam going with the Greg Reed. He broke us the time and then he pedals the spots in her and Sunday morning. I'm going to tell you, I thought I had a great deal. You know, doing the show Toronto and I did some for Amsterdam and I got all these vacations.
I'm like a piker compared to these guys. Not only I teach them, but they passed me like I was standing still. Right. We got guys like show up like two out of every 10 days and like have all kinds of broker time.
Got all kinds of scam money coming from shows that they don't even do. How'd you like to have that going on? Right. How'd you like to get paid from shows that you didn't even have to do anything on?
Wouldn't that be something for some Schmuck like a Gurgley man to be on there with Joseph Gackie. No less. What a quinoa that is. So what do you think? Gellies pulling down.
But third man. I'll say you think about the hundred grand. Yeah. Nice. He's making more than that. Huh? Well, you know, everybody. I'll tell you why because I remember when their contracts came up for renewal and they had that one pretty good book. It was good for them. The first team.
Mm hmm. And I think at that time Greg made one of his many, many, many mistakes. And I think he's making, I don't know, maybe 200. 150. I'll call up Norm Kent and find out. Let's find out on here what Gellies making.
Of course, I had that old default contractor on somewhere my briefcase. Right. Remember I got a hold of that contract. I got a few. I'm going to let IOD.
Here's a guy talk about default being a sit down guy. This is why I have very little sympathy for him. I'll grant you that when Greg screwed up the morning show that was like the kiss of death for QAM. But I'm sure Ramlin. You know what? That's because I worked up. This is a subject near and dear to my heart is radio mismanagement.
But this is a guy at IOD and Steve Nichol in him were tight. Nickel was the program director. Paxton buys out the station. We all go over to work for buddy, but Paxton, which you know the first month or two wasn't too bad.
And DFO is like leaving him hanging because QAM is dangling a job in his face. You know, he's going to do the morning show on QAM and he's got all these perks. He's going to make a whatever was way too much.
And so he's leaving them hanging as he come in as he going. And so they got a sports show on at night at six o'clock. Remember sports talk between six and eight PM? Of course. After Rick and Skud.
I remember it. I had to work at a lot. Yeah. So anyway, he's supposed to be on it was on a Friday evening and he just he just doesn't show up. He doesn't show up. He leaves Steve Nichol hanging there with me. I mean, Steve Nichol did not, you know, one of the great Americans I've ever met. But, you know, no, seriously. I mean at that point. I mean, Steve Nichol keep in mind was a guy who never even thought he was going to be there.
He thought he was going to get canned. He packed all his crap up to get fired. Yeah. Steve Nichol. And all of a sudden, he just shows up and starts moving to the desk like, oh, I guess I'm not fired. You know, it was the strangest thing. It was bizarre. Like they're not going to hire me at packs. And they're going to can my ass. And he shows up once they find out all these. Oh, I'm sorry.
And though it was Steve Nichol doing sports talk between six and eight PM. Not to me. That's about as classless. No, when he had his property Indians. Yeah. Instead of going to Greg Reed behind the scenes and being honest about and say, hey, I got a real problem here.
And I don't want it to blow up in your face. They just got you a rename in a morning show instead of the morning crew. It was the whatever. The first. It was the what was it?
Jeff DeForest. New morning shoes with the sports. Something like that for a Jeff DeForest and a crew. Something.
And then the show after him. And he's still then by the time he bought until a thing blew in the newspapers. They find out he's like, I got a problem with the Indians.
He's got a brant bracelet on his ankles the whole deal. So I don't have a whole lot of sympathy for him. Plus the fact he was always stabbing me in the back anyway.
I was paranoid. I'm going to get room or in for his job. I remember was never going to get your job. Okay, DeForest. You paranoid little scumbag with your silly cliches.
I'm not a big defo fan. Joe roses the guy we need back in the morning.
Joe in a mad dog. Can you imagine? I'm just telling you. Guilty on the updates. Keeps his squicking to a minimum. Little hockey talk from guilty. Not too much.
I wonder how much hockey talk there was this morning. I didn't hear too much of the show about those great overtime games last night. Minnesota beats Colorado 3 2 and the least of course.
Right. He said Tucker 9 57 at 5 60. I'll tell you a great place you ought to meet in very soon. That's the Emil coach Chinese buffet. There are so many Chinese buffets.
Pretty soon it's going to be like churches. You'll find one on every street corner churches and bars. But the fact of the matter is no matter how many new ones they open up nobody can compare to the Emil coach because everything is fresh and delicious.
And the choices when you walk in there. It's like walking into a sea of endless food. Six different delicious soups dozens of circular on trees not just Oriental stuff but all kinds of other goodies too Oriental serpent turf on the weekends and that great gourmet center.
Assisting Asian grill but New York strip steak and terrochi steak shrimp chicken seafood hand-carved premium all made your order by the way never well done. You can have the a button. What do they call it?
A bigger part of the in cut. Emil coast the most healthy living to because they don't use any crap no corn starts no MSG they cook with only cholesterol for your rolls to a sea walk out of their fuel and full with a smile on your face not with one of those awful headaches.
The buffet and most of the fish is a full salad bar new sushi bar and fresh room cocktail and even better news if it's possible.
Emil coast famous lobster festives back featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisque and what a dessert bar if you have any room left at the end try to pace yourself.
They got a dessert bar that's unbelievable pies and cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh food as well three locations of the famous Emerald Coast buffet. They're in sunrise pine island of 44th Street.
They're on Collins Avenue just north of 163rd in prestige is North Miami Beach and at the intersection of Flamingo and Pembroke Roads in Marginal Pembroke Pines.
Emil coast except reservations take on living available to by call a 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 22 9 5 4 5 7 2 3 8 22 I've actually my friend Richards happy after the leafwin last night he's from Toronto way and a great guy the Emil coast Chinese buffet have a great pick up.
I'm right in local. Here sports radio 5 60's you a few a.m.
Don't hate you. Well congratulations get a life messages. There are no known. There are things we know that we know.
Run, run, run, smell. There are known unknown. That is to say there are things that we now know we don't know.
But they're also unknown unknown. Run, run, smell. There are things we do not know we don't know and each year we discover a few more of those unknown unknowns.
Run, run, smell. I believe what I said yesterday. Well I don't know what I said. But I know what I think.
Well there are known known say I don't think so although that's what I think.
But we got the six of spades baby or whatever the number was. I mean only America could come up with something so juvenile and reduce all of this business to the lowest level of banality coming up with this business of the deck of cards.
And we got the aided diamonds and now we got the six of spades like they like to public our bunch of little children. I forgot. I forgot. Well I'm across the border you know sometimes it's easy to forget.
So do we get a call yet from our good buddy Jim implantation? I'm going to be continuing to reach out to extend the hand of radio friendship to Jim. We got his log. It might be. No we're not going to do that. We want him to call in to us.
He's playing hard to get. You know I'm sure that he's overwhelmed by this tremendous surge of fame and publicity. WQIM Jim DeGefraforscher. WQIM.
Oh, huh? Neil. Yes, sir. This is Jim love your show. Neil love you. That's the wrong Jim. I'm such a weak reading to you know. That was really weak. What is that under a tie? This is Jim love your show. Neil love you love you.
What programming changes WQIM need to make to improve big time or ask you today giving the audience a chance which we do a couple of times a year to stick their nose into our programming which they certainly don't. You know they're not we're looking to do that ordinarily. Always got an opinion.
Jump Mo new morning shows 71 keep George off the year 38. You're not even close. Sorry. Move Neil back to 10 to 2 29. Don't change the thing. It's fine. 10 lots more Joe Zagaki. Seven. No more marlins. Can we just put that on his got six votes already. Neil should retire my George step in for step back in for bring back the crow three. Dump the mad dog to and dump the hopper only one. So there you go. That's where it's working out so far. We're still waiting.
We're waiting for Jim from plantation to call in all the other calls that we take in and around here are just like window dressing as they say. Right. Right. Just kill him time waiting for a good post buddy Jim WQ I am.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
Hey. Yeah. Satisfied total Nowadays. Here
Jerry. What is it? The bored. The bored. The bored? The bored That's it. So. So. You seeing it. Yeah.
Yeah. And you're right. The movie or whoever
facts didn't it was right. Jerry was the movie. Would that.
Matt Damon and what's his name? Casey Afliked? Casey Aflik was in his flak yesterday,
awful, just horrible movie. I just awful.
The. The dialogue was the most in sipproid, the most ridiculous,
was ludicrous crap and you can't really judge the acting because other than many driver
rippred in she was awful but because there was nothing to work with the dialogue was
just so corny and awful and predictable I was but I was pretty good.
I think it was Matt and Ben's first attempt at a screenwriting.
Ben and Matt wrote it?
Yeah.
Now were they clothed when they wrote it or were they like naked?
How would guess the latter?
Probably they were on the latter naked.
WDQAM?
Of course speaking to Wainman remember that song hang down your head time to leave?
Yes sir.
Bill?
Speaking to me yes.
I know.
I couldn't agree with you more about this ridiculous attitude that our government has that
we have to put faces on a deck of cards to go catch these guys.
Childish.
Oh I felt that way when they came out when they first announced the shock and arc,
I was a little bit shocked when they came out and I was like, oh I'm sorry I'm
I was so stupid that that's how they have to deal with us.
That's the level that they deal with the American public on like we're all a bunch of
little kids.
Yeah.
And now they got this boycott French products campaign.
What's that of these people?
I don't care where the product is made.
If it's sold in the United States there's an American job, there's an American tax
that's being paid.
I just don't understand what people are thinking now.
You're not.
I have no love loss for the French but.
I'm going to get some French, I'm getting French toasted they just out of spite.
Have a great day pali.
Thanks Bill.
You're done.
Don't you think?
I'm going to go out and get some French so I really shouldn't be in that.
Oh you know something?
That guy that called yesterday, I remember when the vet his dog was barking and I cut him
off because I thought it was Frank.
Because I wanted either that or the dog could make gun or whatever.
But that guy had a good point about the red grapes.
Because after I spoke to him, I mean after the show obviously.
In fact I might just go out to the store and not get some more right now.
Okay later on in the day I went to my little supermarket and I got me some nice,
they're from Peru I believe.
Red grapes, seedless, worse some of them off, had them last night.
As opposed to like a real dinner.
I just had some grapes.
And of course you can't eat like a pound of them or two pounds.
That's a problem with grapes.
Right.
There are certain kinds of fruit that you can eat way way too much.
You know?
No.
No I'm not talking about that kind of fruit.
Well you can do that too.
But I'm serious you can eat too much of it and it's really bad for you to get your blood sugar rushing.
But red grapes, my blood sugar was great this morning.
I think it was like 84.
Huh?
I don't want to talk about it.
I have a pill last night because my sugar was, I don't know, 80 or something when I went to bed.
And that guy I think may have a point.
Now don't get carried away all you diabetics out there are people trying to lose weight.
But I think there's something in them red grapes.
No, not impressed huh?
No I've heard similar stories before but it's one of those you know.
And don't you remember of course every couple of months they've got the new cure do juror.
You know if you eat this it's about the red wine but they're always saying that it's good for your heart.
And I think it's also not the sweet wines not like Manace Shevitz and those other Jew wines.
I'm not talking about those but I'm talking about dry red wines.
Right.
And that's what the guy, so keep up the good work Palli and thanks for the suggestion yesterday.
I never would have even thought about that with the red grapes.
Here I was being skeptical with his call because he didn't seem to know what the only was talking about.
You know forgot it's diabetic.
He didn't seem to know the old ins and outs too well.
Of course it's probably, older if his dog is eating the grapes.
That's probably why I took him to the dark.
Huh?
Well they don't drink.
Maybe the robocall would have been in it.
It's good for you but know something about that fruit if you eat too much.
It'll make a sh**.
No question about it.
Endlessly.
56670560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon line.
I do want to get to that horse meat story here pretty soon.
No one from Texas.
Horse meat.
Per.
Should I hand that on the menu for you yesterday?
WQIM.
Good morning.
Yes sir, is this Jim?
No unfortunately it's not.
Oh damn it.
That's okay.
Nobody's talking.
Sorry.
I'd like to split my vote please.
Okay.
Half of votes for Volmus Go.
Yeah.
Half of votes for Get rid of George.
They're running one and two so I guess you did a pretty good job.
I had to call you because I couldn't give half of vote on the website so I actually had to call you.
How about if we dump Mo and put George on his back like an apapuce?
That's fine by me.
On certain days I just don't know who annoys me more.
Really?
Yeah and if they're both on.
Let me ask you this since we're doing a scientific survey here on behalf of the company.
What is it about each one that annoys you?
What is it about Mo and others?
The hair piece is the arrogance, the hospitality.
You know what it's the arrogance that it's about Mo.
Okay that's basically what it boils down to.
How would be that?
How would be, you know what annoys me about George is a long time ago you had a term you used to use all the time.
Sudo and electoral and I can use the textbook definition of a suit.
I think if you look it up in the dictionary, George is pictures right now.
If you look up arrogant in the dictionary, you find Mo's hair piece next to it.
Well, I'm going to get my fingers on it.
I mean if you look up old fat fag in the dictionary, my picture's next to that.
So we've all got our place in life.
Exactly, nobody's perfect.
But I don't know.
I always said I was the most perfect fag of a bag that you'll find.
Well we all have a crosses to bear.
But I just a uncertain day.
When it's about bear it.
On certain days, you know, and if there's that day where George follows Mo,
I love for it.
That's a double whammy.
That's a double whammy and stuff that's going from on top of the stage.
On that note, I think I'm done.
Okay, thank you.
Excellent call.
Now see, there was a textbook example of a great call.
Yep.
I mean he ripped you an ass, but he ripped Mo and gave us all a chance to rip ourselves, which I like.
Nothing like the grim ripper.
So the bottom line is depot-ing coming back.
That's for God, then, sure.
And the poly man over all of our, I'll tell you one thing.
I know that we don't, Mo is always talking about the negativity and the station, about the hostility and the backstabbing.
I think we would all agree that's one area we'd find unanimous.
Just like the fact that we all hate Mo.
Even more so than that, we'd all lay in the doorway to block the poly man from coming back on here.
At least Monday through Friday.
Weekend that trade-out shit.
I don't care what they, what I said.
I just had a jump by.
So well that's what it is.
That trade-out shit.
When I said, I just got through saying it.
I can't believe I said the S word right there.
Well that is.
Yeah.
Well I must be making a comeback, okay?
Wow.
Okay, it is.
Yeah.
The trade-out Schmidt.
That's what I said, wasn't it?
I'm sure that's what I said.
I leave the M out.
I don't care who they put on that crap.
You get the message, Mo, if you idiot.
God.
What are you all goofed up about?
I've done that before.
Four times.
That's the only S word.
I'll get to the good one later.
Since I've been here.
What programming changes does WQM need to make to improve big time?
We're asking them to lay on the O'Rangeers.com.
236 votes already?
Holy crap.
Holy whatever I just said.
Jump Mo.
New Morning Show 89.
Keep George off the earth.
60.
You're giving them a little run there.
Move Neil back to 10 to 235, which they talk about.
They're not going to do nothing because they're sitting there like,
yeah, impotent.
We got two important leaders in there.
We always have to go back to Greg.
And Greg says this.
And Greg says that.
And Greg says we're in a nice suit.
And Greg is constipated.
And Greg can't make a decision.
You know, move Neil back to 10 to 235 votes.
No more Marlon's game 16.
Don't change a thing.
It's fine.
13.
5.4% of the audience thinks our station is fine.
It's A.O.K.
That's not too strong.
Not too strong.
Lots more Joe Zagaki.
Nine.
Bring back the Crow 5.
And Neil should be telling George Stepin 5.
Dump the mad dog forward.
Dump the hump.
Dump the hump is not only a peri.
You don't have a hump.
How you doing?
Great.
See, a lot of people out there hate him like Poison.
You're wrong, Hank.
They love you.
Mad Dog at 1 today.
You got the hump.
We're in the studio at 3.
630 Marlon's on direct.
That'll be the beginning of a massive turnout.
Oh, we got Game 7.
And we got 3 Game 7 in the NHL.
You got the Blues and Vancouver to Connux.
You got the Vile and the Avalanche.
And of course the Leafs and the Flyers.
Oh!
In Philadelphia, horrible city with horrible fans.
Brewers at the Marlins at 7.
And he came after the baseball game from GA and Joe and Mark overnight.
With a lot of pornographic crap.
10.13 in 5.16 W.
What did them off ever tell you that Geldy was making?
He was coming with the figure yet.
Or is he looking at the contract?
Nope.
He's still looking enough.
How many times have you heard about an opportunity?
And you just sat there like you were frozen like you were in suspended animation like Larry King.
And you just didn't act soon enough.
Didn't grab it.
Well, right now is one of those times you should do something.
Interest rates have gone down even lower than we were telling you before.
The financial group was offering you an interest rate of 3.45% which was pretty good.
Then they lowered it to 2.95% which was even more sensational.
Now rates have gone down even lower.
2.45% financing with financial group.
Let me say it again.
2.45%.
Call financial group 1-800-940-Lendelf.
I'll tell you all about it.
How long were these low interest rates?
Last two to how low is probably not very long.
So here's your window of opportunity waiting for you to reach right through it and hop through it.
Do it right now with financial group.
Get you an incredible low rate of just 2.45%
and save yourself a Schmidt load of money with the M.
Call financial group 1-800-940-Lend.
What will 2.45% financing do to those monthly payments?
Here's some examples.
If you have a $200,000 loan, you pay only $786 a month.
A $100,000 loan only $393 bucks a month.
Do it now.
Call financial group.
It'll be one of the smartest calls you ever make.
Call 1-800-940-Lend.
1-800-940-Lend.
Either in equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions apply.
Rates have to change without notice.
5.34 APR.
My name is Mike and Lowell.
This is 4205 City.
You weigh in.
You weigh in.
It's big in Miami town.
At 560 WQA.
Mickey Mouse, are you Mr. Mouse?
No.
It's Michael Eisner.
Michael Eisner?
Who is it?
I don't want to answer my phone.
Sorry, boss.
It's Andy Asmond.
Andy Asmond, what do you want?
It's Michael Eisner, sir.
It's not Andy Asmond.
It's Michael Eisner.
The Puts president.
Oh, boy, Eisner.
Good morning, sir.
How are you?
How are you?
How are you?
I was looking at the ratings for this night.
I'm not going through.
I'm the one who gave me out of here.
What a smashing successor.
What?
The thing was in the toilet.
It was unbelievable.
If you break down the Democratic.
You know what, Eisner?
Say that I'm just happy.
It's over.
Sir, I believe the second go round will be much better.
The second go round, you must be on crack.
We're not doing that thing again.
Why do you want to bring that back?
Because the first time around, you barely miss.
Toppilling the entire network.
Well, sir, it's already done.
What do you mean it's already done?
Nobody ever told me it was already done.
Hang on.
Remus!
I'm on the phone with...
Remus!
What the hell are you doing?
I'm going to some condo, it's my...
Do it quietly, Remus.
That's not quiet enough, Remus.
A blue bird stinks like an arm pit.
Sir, our May sweeps will be amazing.
I'm a celebrity, get me out of here too.
Instead of 15 nights, 40 straight nights.
40 nights of I'm a celebrity, get me out of here.
You're killing me!
And the celebrities, 10 times better.
Oh my god!
We got...
Hold on.
Remus!
Remus!
It's devil!
Take the harmonica, slide it up your back and walk it out.
All right.
All right.
We've got Bernie Capel.
Who?
Bernie Capel, the doctor from the love boat.
Oh, for heaven's sake, he hasn't worked since he did the stop snoring spray commercial.
We've got a real hottie, Adrian Barbos.
Oh my god, she's terrible!
And someone I know you'll love, Billy Bush.
Oh, wait a minute, is that the president's annoying nephew?
That's the one.
Oh, for heaven's sake, you can't put him on there.
Every...
Hold on.
Oh yeah.
Remus!
Remus!
I can't hear you, Bob.
I'm killed.
Remus, I'm on the phone.
Can't hear you, Bob.
Stop drilling!
What are you making?
Making a new condenser, Bob.
What's wrong with my old condenser?
It's your last game shot.
My shallack, I'm shot.
It's right, slap it, shot.
Oh, you're doing...
Oh, fuck!
Oh, I don't care who you have on this nightmare.
Well, we've got a major illister, sir.
We've got Scott Bacula and Leonard Neemoy.
Even Remus doesn't remember Leonard Neemoy.
You're a new boss.
Remus, I wasn't addressing you.
Sorry, Bob, he was following those things.
Oh my god.
I'm surrounded by idiots.
Hey, Remus!
I thought I told you to put that harmonica up your butt.
Sorry, I bought it.
Oh, don't fight in the office, Remus.
The proveords coming at me!
They scared me!
1021 and 560, those are better every time you hear them.
Yep.
How about shorter commercial breaks?
Says this one on Hank's and Mad Dog shows 15 minutes stretches.
We don't have 15 minute breaks.
Do we?
It says you handled it so much better.
The show keeps on moving.
There's makes me change the channel or turn them up.
Well, that's right.
I do handled it so much better because I'm a professional.
I should look it up in a book.
I know how to pace myself.
Plus, we of course have it in my contract.
We can't have like 600 minutes of spots.
I guess my contract's better than there.
Not that I'm better, but it's just the contract's better.
Look at this famous diabetics.
What is that supposed to be?
It's supposed to make you feel better, I guess.
I see.
Well, let's get my blood sugar ready, man.
How about a feed to paid to the business printed on?
Boy, who sent me this fact?
This sucks.
You handled it so much better.
Man.
Excuse me while I tell myself off.
But I do, you're right.
Jack Benny.
I didn't know that.
Of course he's dead.
How many barriers diabetics do you know that?
I had no idea.
She's type one.
Which is the one we have to take insulin.
George would probably volunteer to give her her shots.
Okay.
Wilford Brimley.
Oh, remember her?
Him?
Huh?
He was that way.
Wilford Brimley?
Am I confusing him with somebody else?
I'm pretty sure he's one of those.
Okay.
And he's also diabetic.
A Delta Birk?
Well, that makes sense.
James Cagney?
Rory Calhoun?
Nell Carter?
Well, did she die?
I think so.
I thought I heard something about that.
Nell Carter.
She was enormous.
Phoebe Cates.
Oh, the bird would be so excited to hear about that.
Rest in peace.
Jackie Gleason.
Jackie Gleason was diabetic.
Can't imagine why.
Like a lot of us other fat folks.
And Sydney Green Street way, way before our time.
So there's a short list of famous diabetic people.
I have no idea why that's interesting.
I thought it was pretty boring myself.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Getting a spectacular response on this.
Because this is the meat and potatoes of this audience.
The sad part of it is that Jim hasn't called in yet.
That's the press.
Bad angle, but check Manic was busy trying to put his glove back on.
So missed it.
One nothing to run.
A flyer's even in that room.
Okay, calm down, Colleen.
Go back to your curling.
Okay, Colleen.
Get out of here.
Colleen.
What programming change does QM need to make to improve big time as our pull question today?
And like I said, it's obviously one of the most, oh, here comes the, uh, wild.
Nothing Minnesota to a three-two win.
So that series is also going to game seven.
Nice going boys.
Jacques Lamar with that boring style of his, but nice job for an expansion team.
Uh, dump mo.
New morning show 110.
Keep George off the year 83.
That's the race right there.
You win them all my two two good buddies.
Yeah.
Racing back and forth.
I can just see the two of you chasing each other up and down the hallway.
Move Neil back to 10 to 2.
42.
Pretty good number.
There are 42 votes, muffin, clearest.
42.
Move the man back to 10 to 2.
Give me my show back.
Give us back the hours.
Okay.
Give us back those numbers.
Why couldn't they stick?
I don't want to go into it.
I mean, there's a million different ways to slice this cat, but they just refused to do it.
And you want to know why?
Because they want to continue siphoning off our nine to 10 hour, which isn't that great in the first place to try to goose up the lane numbers they have in the morning.
Now come this Friday.
You marked my words.
Mark it down right now.
I said this today.
Okay.
Come on.
Won't be this Friday because we won't get the hour by hour until one day next week.
You know, Maddie Bell till he gets his head out of the toilet.
Till he gets his head out of the grinks, but.
But once Maddie comes in here with those hour by hour stuff next week on Tuesday or whatever day it's going to be.
We get them.
Then we'll see what the lay of the land is.
And then they will fear you.
Because at that point is when we lay down a lot and say, hey, cut the crap.
Okay.
Cut the crap.
Move Neil back to 10 to 2 42 people.
That's 13% of the audience while I want the attend to two back.
And I also, and I didn't even vote for that, but I would.
No more Marlins games 28.
We didn't even put that on her till a late addition.
Thanks to whoever faxed that in.
Whatever they did.
Bring back the crow 16.
How do you like that?
In other words, they hate the Marlins games, but they find the crow very entertaining in his own bizarre way.
Good thing they never smelled him.
You know, I don't know.
I never know the guy in my life who took a bath in cashmere bouquet and in a talking powder before until I met the crow.
You can smell him a mile away.
Don't change a thing.
It's fine 13 4.1% of the audience.
Oh, that's really puny.
That is a huge red number 4.1% of the artist station is fine.
Lots more Joe Zagaki.
That's gotta be a crank folk because it's still stuck on.
Yeah.
Neil should retire like George Stepin 7.
Dump the hump, or 6, and dump the mad dog 4.
So they're doing very well.
Unlike you and your good friend in the morning.
Now let me see Jim calling yet like on a bat line or anything Carlos.
What are you, what are you shortening about?
What do they hate you?
You started to do like a brood thing now.
You're dead like where we came.
I'll do the mic off.
Oh, but no, don't turn the mic off.
It put Chorzen so much.
Well, that was a funny line.
He's not gonna call.
Jim's not gonna call.
How do you know that?
I'll bet your Carlos's life on it.
He obviously listens.
Yeah, but not necessarily to this show that somebody named Jim will call this show today.
I can't guarantee it'll be Jim.
It might not be Jim Lens.
It might be Mike Lens, but that's close.
We only can hope not.
And it won't be, if it isn't, a very short call.
Go away, Mike.
Go away.
Every talk show host in the world hates you like poison.
Don't take it personal.
Just go away.
And by the way, how many fingers am I holding up?
1026 at 560 WQM.
Let me tell you about my bald spot.
I got a big one.
It's about the only thing besides my pupa.
I'm my body that's so big.
And I don't really care.
See, at my age, what do you mean?
There's a make.
But a lot of guys out there, especially younger guys, which is almost all of you,
you really do want to look better and younger.
How do you do that?
You get your hair back.
So many, it's amazing to me.
And this is one of the biggest industries.
One of the biggest ripoffs in the world now.
Everybody's peddling you all kinds of hair.
They got the holes in the head.
They got the pills you take.
They got the mousey looking pieces.
They got ridiculous looking animals that crawl around on your head.
Everything out of the sun except Charles Alphiery's got the only good system.
So even if you're a multi-millionaire, that's why those rich guys go to Charlie.
No matter how much cash you've got, you can't buy a better looking more natural system.
Then Charlie Alphiery's natural hairline system.
The key is it looks like the hairs grown out of your scalp like real hair
as opposed to a muskrat ramble on your forehead.
And of course you have nothing to lose but the ball's pop because Charlie gives everybody
a 30-day guarantee.
If after 30 days you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells,
if you're not getting ahead at least 15, 20, 30 times a day,
return it for a full refund.
And be sure to mention my name when you call because it means an extra 200 bucks off the regular price.
The Charles Alphiery natural hairline system, it is the best.
Look a lot better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again.
Come today, tool free, 1-800-3214-13.
1-800-3214-13 or log onto their world famous website,
www.CharlesAlphiery.com
My life and love, this is for trail by 16.
The King is back, maker and better than ever.
Elvis Presley in his first big movie role since he's been dead.
Elvis of Arabia.
Elvis Presley's true.
Yes, it's a completely new Elvis movie with the same whole Elvis movie touches 17 unforgettable
bass and 18 forgettable songs, including Daddy Bear.
Don't be cool, dying in the chapel, blue-sweighed burial shoes,
doing nothing but a call there and more.
Yes, see Albus in his stiffness performance yet he's bigger, better and better than ever.
Elvis of Arabia playing in a theater, drive that remote you every near you.
Play here, play here, play here, connect, cut this.
10-31-560-WDQM, happy Tuesday to us.
I'll give you 85 guesses and of course you already saw the facts and I just got through playing that as a hint.
Who else had diabetes?
Elvis.
Good guess.
Antio mama had diabetes, I didn't know that.
Probably ate too many then flapjacks.
I think she was drinking the syrup right out of the jug.
Antio mama?
Mary Tana more, we know that.
She's always peddling that thing on TV.
Like we're supposed to feel real sorry for her.
That bugs me about her.
I mean, you know, she does a lot of nice work and stuff like that, but I don't like her.
No.
I don't dislike her.
I just, I just am not a fan.
I didn't like her.
I didn't like Dick Van Dyke.
Who was the other guy that was on it?
Oh, Mori Amsterdam.
Now Mori was funny when he was a, he was the first late night host, I believe.
Jerry Lester and Mori Amsterdam were two of the, Volka Brian knows.
You know, the tonight show that eventually became Steve Allen and then Jack Parin and Johnny Carson.
Now that Eddie was a big chin.
He, he, seriously.
Now right there, that's all new kids out there that's improved everyone.
If you have no talent at all, there's Jay Leno.
He's not funny.
He looks like a freak.
I mean, you name it.
And he's making millions.
He's not funny.
He's not the good.
He's just, I don't know.
He's just horrible.
You like Jay Leno?
No, I do not.
Can't stand him.
How about Carlos?
You like Jay Leno?
Absolutely not.
Well, you don't have to get so, you know, I've said about it.
You hear the way he said that?
Like with, like with Ventam.
The name of his voice.
Ventam.
Antio mama.
I can't believe that.
She was born 1897.
There actually wasn't Antio mama.
Yeah.
He died January 13th, 1950, long before she had died.
Oh, and look at that.
She died from diabetes.
How do you like that?
I thought she was fake like Mrs. Butterworths.
Are you picking on Antio mama again?
Many pearl.
Had a diabetes, although she lived in 84, George C. Scott.
Elizabeth Taylor.
How do you know it?
All the other problems she's got.
What doesn't she have?
Hey, Liz, what do you got?
Big bottle.
Spencer Tracy.
Spencer Tracy was diabetic and may West.
Come up and see me sometime and bring some insulin.
How do you like that?
They always said she was a little bit on the insulin side.
Talk about great radio.
Says this fact.
Oh, this other fact that we got.
This is just amazing.
How do I cross the ratings?
Oh, my God.
This is like a, this makes the letter from Jim in the paper.
They're going to win significance.
This goes on.
I'll get to it.
But it is amazing.
Woo.
I wonder what agency this guy works for.
Anyway, talk about great radio.
It says Mo and his female side cooks squeaky.
We're talking about the greatest baseball brawl they've ever seen.
Mo weighed in with how he saw Babe Ruth punch the crap out of who knows who.
The morning show is very entertaining if you think of it as being surreal.
Unfortunately, you can't.
You might want to tell George to cut back on the weed because he's being laughed as much.
Here's the bird ever did.
That's what I just said.
You're starting to cackle now.
Yeah, see he's cackling.
Now wait a minute.
If Mo saw Babe Ruth punch the crap out of somebody, I know for a fact that Babe Ruth died.
I believe it was 1948.
I could be wrong about that.
Look it up on the thing Carlos on the internet.
Babe Ruth.
Oh, we did like his candy bar except when they used to pop up in a punch bowl.
Yeah.
Babe Ruth.
I could be wrong.
But nevertheless Babe Ruth's playing career, he played in the 20s and 30s.
I got to believe that he was like retired by a...
I mean, how could he have possibly seen Babe Ruth punch the crap out of somebody?
Unless he's a lot older than we even we think.
Huh?
Really?
How old, honestly, do you think he is?
Mo?
Yeah.
Um, 66.
Okay.
You think I'm wrong?
No, no, I think that's right on.
I was going to say 64, 65.
Nah, I was being generous.
I think the PC's wearing this week might only be 64 or 5, but I think he himself...
Age of 53, 1948.
There you go.
There's mom for the old fan.
1948.
Do I know my stuff or not?
He died of lung cancer.
He was smoking in the baguettes.
Don't you remember now?
I've seen that film a zillion times of Babe Ruth on a day in Yankee's day.
And it wasn't like Lou Gehrig today.
I consider myself the luckiest man, which of course he was not.
Although they did name a disease after him.
But Babe Ruth died from lung cancer from too much parting and too much smoking in the baguettes.
So I think mom may have a good point.
Too many baguettes not good for it.
That's what he's always saying.
Here is this facts from Ted, a guy who appreciates good radio talent.
It says, how to increase WQM ratings.
This is just...
I don't even...
We ought to frame now.
I'm going to turn my mic off because it was funny.
So I'm going to laugh while you read it.
You can laugh.
Just don't cackle, okay?
You can laugh, but don't cackle.
Number one, build a QM marketing around Neil Rogers.
Neil is not only the best talk talent in Miami.
He ranks as one of the top five talk show host in the US.
Only top five, Ted.
This is the only and fastest way to increase ratings for the station
because the rest of the honor line up is fourth rate if that.
I'm doing a bird laugh.
All on air promotions should be for the Neil Rogers show.
And the station should be selling the day part that has the greatest potential
for audience growth in the Neil Rogers show.
How many build boards does the station have?
Eight?
Yeah.
How many for me?
Five?
Just say it.
Five.
Yeah.
I think they're already doing that.
Not that we have any other promotion, but that's it.
They're doing a build board.
That's because it's...
You know, we threaten to assume.
Number two, move Neil the morning drive and guess what?
Sorry, Ted.
It ain't going to happen.
I already been talked about very briefly.
Uh-uh.
I'm not getting up at five.
In my age, I'm going to get up and do a morning drive show.
Morning drive has the largest audience growth potential.
A curate QM show is boring, poorly produced sports talk show.
Put your best starter in the best batting order.
Morning drive will send the ratings through the roof.
Nope.
Not going to happen.
Here's another one that's not going to happen, which we don't need.
Hire some talent.
See, this...
This fact that I know your intentions are very good.
But it makes it sound as if the problem on a radio station is this show.
Is this the problem?
No.
Now, in fact, this show has always got the highest ratings.
Always brings in enormous amount of revenue.
So even though they're paying me through the nose, I'm making them a lot more money than they're paying me.
So I don't know why I'm wasting time reading this, because it's very flattering.
But the fact of the matter is they're already making a fortune from this show.
This isn't...
This is like saying fix what's not broken.
Which is already did by screwing around with the time, which really didn't help at all.
Hurt badly.
But don't fix it any more.
Okay, don't do any more fix it on this show.
So thank you very much, Ted.
But the answer is no.
Ted, obviously consider himself a programming maven.
It seems like a good guy.
Very constructive.
But we don't need that.
I'm not saying that we couldn't improve the show, but that thing about to put some regular features in the show.
We don't... the only regular feature we have on a show is that noon to one hour on Wednesday.
That's one of the things I like about the show is that it's stream of consciousness.
It's unpredictable.
I don't like contrived features like, and he's talking about how bad the morning show is,
how about that thing on Friday?
Forget about it Friday.
You saw how long that lasted.
How many minutes did that thing last?
About 30 minutes.
God.
And then what was the other thing with Zach with the Rips, Rips of the Week, the...
What did last about five minutes?
Something like that?
Uh-huh.
Forget about it.
Forget about it every day.
So how did I like to know how Mo saw Babe Ruth getting into a brawl in a baseball game?
Now the man died in 1940, man.
Maybe this is a fact that he was just using a wrong name.
Okay, just exaggerating.
48 that's 55 years ago, okay?
Okay.
So even if he were like a kid, that we're...
No, I guess it's possible.
But he wasn't playing in 48.
He was dying of lung cancer.
Look up.
What does it say his last playing career?
Does it have it on there?
When you look that up, you'll find it.
Look up again, being a boy, do something.
Besides just that they're needing free food.
Anybody can do that.
We've had a lot of people over here.
Bit farewell to his many fans at the acting stadium in 47.
47?
Okay, 47.
So let's see, 47.
No, no, no, no, no.
That's not the answer to the question.
He's still looking.
I want to know the last year he played in the major leagues.
I'm not talking about when he said goodbye.
I know that's the film I was talking about.
Yankee Stadium.
I want to thank everybody.
You know, he couldn't even speak because of his coconut.
And isn't it ironic that Carlos is looking at something.
And he's taking all these faggot breaks.
He began playing for 20 years, starting in 1914.
So 34.
1934.
Okay, now, now we're gotten to the main potatoes.
That's 66 and 3 is 66 years ago.
So if he saw him even as a child of let's say seven,
that would mean that Mo would have to be a minimum of 73.
Oh, okay.
So I was being very generous.
I never forgot at 73.
Don't we look that bad?
Doesn't matter fact.
He looks kind of spry for a 73 year old guy.
Maybe that's why he wears a two pay.
Maybe his head is actually rotting.
20 to 11 at 5.
60.
I'm going to say that word again.
And this time I'm just not going to correct it.
I'm just right on the verge of saying it again.
Did they ever bring in the Geltie's contract so we can tell everybody how much he's making?
Hey, listen, I think he's doing pretty good for a kid with a squeaky voice like that.
You know what I mean?
Come on, Geltie.
You're not getting job to job.
He should be scars.
You know, leave that to Bill and Foster Heward.
Okay, they were great.
You ain't no Bill or Foster Heward.
You ain't no Rick Generator.
I'll guarantee you that.
You sure ain't no Joe Bowen.
I'll tell you that right now.
Geltie.
He probably don't even have any idea who any of these people are.
He's just, I'm going to do the game.
Come on, let me do the game.
No, no, Geltie can't do it.
We like James McDowell a lot.
Great Hall of Fame broadcaster.
New York Islanders Stanley Cup winners four years in row.
We like James McDowell a lot.
He's great.
Even with no idea what's going on during the game.
We still like him a lot.
19 to 11 at 5.60 WDQM on a wild Tuesday.
At least it's wild on this end.
I'm not taking too many calls because I'm just rambling.
It's just like pouring out of my body there.
I don't know why.
I'm just pouring out.
Anyway, if there have been things poured on your mattress and it's like stained and nasty
and rotten and had it, if it's worn out, when in doubt pick up the phone and call my good friends
to drive concepts, over a million people, million smart folks have bought a mattress right over
the phone with one easy-cut adult mattress including yours truly.
Just call them at 1-800-MATTRES and you'll find this to be one of the easiest ways of
shopping you'll ever do in your life.
And they carry the best mattresses in the world.
That's why you don't have to worry about going and seeing it because they carry only top quality
names, seely, serdice, simmins, king coil, airy size, every style under the sun.
Whichever one you're looking for, it's in stock ready for just about immediate delivery
too.
Down on a mattress like I've been telling you for years now is ranked number one customer
satisfaction and they have more repeat and referral customers than anybody else in a
business because they know how to treat your right and give you unbeatable deals.
Everyday low prices that are unbeatable and a delivery deal all the way around that you
can't even come close to.
And don't forget when you buy your mattress and dial a mattress, they set up the brand new
and take away the crappy, soiled, stained, nasty old vending for free.
They might put on surgical masks, but they'll do it anyway.
Dial a mattress sets up the new and takes away the crappy old vending for free.
So make the call right now to dial a mattress and sure yourself a great night sleep for months
and years to come on a fine outstanding name brand mattress called 1-800-MATTRES.
That's 1-800-Matres for a good pie-size dial a mattress.
Be sure and tell that old fat boy told you to call.
My best local, this is my city.
The radio's all yours now.
You win.
I'm banging on the butt, honey.
OK.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello, Tommy Motore residence.
Who is this the maid?
No, this is your wife, Talia.
Proud.
I like to speak to Tommy, Metolia.
Hello, Tommy Motore residence.
Proud.
What do you do?
Girl.
No, no, Talia.
Talia, let me talk to the devil.
Please hold.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Yes.
Tami.
What is it?
You got the phone.
Oh.
Phone.
Hello.
Tommy, Metolia.
Speaking.
This is Michael Jackson.
You lost your job.
You lost your job.
Hey, I didn't lose my job.
I stepped out.
Oh, sure.
However you want to paint the picture, whatever you have to tell yourself in order to save some sort of face you do it, but you lost your job.
You know, actually, it's kind of nice to hear your voice.
What?
It's kind of nice to hear anybody's voice.
What are you talking about?
Michael Jackson.
Yeah.
Can you hear that?
That's my Mexican wife.
Let me tell you.
It was a cue for maybe five, ten minutes a day.
But if I got to stay home with her every day, I'm going to go crazy.
I want to go crazy.
You're getting your justy, jerks.
Tommy, Metolia, that devil.
All we do is eat Mexican food.
Jimmy Chungas, burritos, tostitos.
I got more dancing exonc.
And you deserve to have the bloat.
Listen, Michael, I'll resurface somewhere.
I'll start another label.
Sure you will.
So you can destroy the career of other budding artists.
Are we going to Chevy?
Yes, honey. We're going to Chevy.
Thank you very much.
All right.
Oh, jeez.
If it's not Chevy, it's T-cheese.
If it's not T-cheese, it's...
What's that drive in place?
I don't know what you're talking about.
I called to berate you.
And all I'm getting is dribbles and Jimmy Changa.
Mm-hmm.
Admit it.
I was the reason you were forced to be fired.
Right, I know.
Because I'm very, very, very devilish.
Ah, mm-hmm.
I was delivered in America.
I was delivered in America.
You're delivered in America.
All right.
Hey, look, Mikey.
I got to go.
Okay.
I got to take her over to Taco Bell.
Chevy!
Okay.
Chevy, you want to come with us?
No, I don't want to be seen with you.
You are the devil.
So at this point, I am finding myself having some sympathy for you.
Mm-hmm.
All right. All right.
I got to go there, Mikey.
Let me tell you something.
If I were to part right now,
half the neighborhood would go up to...
Ah.
Goodbye.
Yeah.
So let me ask you one thing.
What was Robert Reiko thinking about with a slap shot on a penalty sharp last night?
1049, 11 before 11 at 560 WDQA.
I'm in a state where horses have long been revered for their service on cattle drives and in combat.
The Texas legislature is about to consider where they also should fill another rule, food for the dinner table.
You're for that expression beating a dead horse?
Yeah.
How about eating?
For years, two companies in North Texas have produced horse meat for human consumption and shifted to foreign countries.
Only last year did they learn it was illegal thanks to an opinion by the then attorney general, John Corne.
The opinion sought by animal rights activists that it's a crime to sell or possess horse meat with an intent to use it for human consumption.
The companies, Dallas Crown packaging of Coppin and Beltax Corp. Fort Worth, are the only two firms in the country that still process horse meat for foreign tables.
Now they're fighting on two fronts to stay in Venice.
They've got a court to try to overturn the attorney general's ruling and ask the legislature to change the law.
State Representative Betty Brown, Republican of Torella Sponsoring House Bill 1324, which would allow them to stay open.
It would make what they do illegal because they don't sell food products for human consumption in the US, so David Broiles.
He doesn't grill it, he braels it.
Attorney for the horse slaughter companies.
I just don't see, I mean I'm a horse lover, there's dumb animals, but I love to track.
But I mean if they eat dogs in some places, if they cat, fried pussy.
So what's the big deal with the horses? Is horse meat like poison? Obviously not.
I heard the French are big into it.
Now are you going to start with that again?
I'm going to go out and get a double order of French toast today with strawberries and powdered sugar on it.
And then poison very syrup, not just maple syrup, but an honor of ancho mamas diabetes.
Boys and very syrup.
You know, the one neat thing, and I can't say too much about, remember the old eye hop?
Yeah.
Which of course every now and then is a sponsor on the station, so we won't say too much, although it will be true.
But the old eye hop, and I don't know about it because I haven't been in there in years.
But the one good thing there, you go in for breakfast and there'll be like six different tubs of syrup, different flavors, different flavors.
Boys and Berry and cherry and maple, well, whatever, really nifty neat.
And of course the food itself probably went all that great.
So you just drown it in that syrup.
And we almost like you said before, sucking the syrup right out of the container.
Oh man.
When it doubt, suck it out.
That was ancho mamas.
Of course, look what happened to her.
Here's a fact from Phil and Mudgate.
We got so many chronic factors now. I don't know what that means.
You know, it's almost getting like the number of carlers on a mojo.
And by the way, I would, I'm going to make a challenge.
Not that it's my business.
They can talk to whatever jackass they want to.
I want to challenge them to go through one show tomorrow on a mojo.
And of course, I only hear a small part of it without one calling in from Little Havana.
Wouldn't that be great? I bet you're Robert be happy about that.
You know, Robert, I was eating at the rest of the house with the beast.
By the way, Carlos, did the beast ever call in tonight?
Yes, it is.
What did he say?
Or did he call into deny that specific incident?
Nobody called in today to ask if you were being serious.
That he hasn't been eating a lot.
He ate with Robert Grieper at the Rascal House.
He was picking out at the Hurricane baseball game.
Hey, guess what? Based you're out.
I already told Trouce to advert. Cut him off.
Because he's embarrassing us.
It's a fine sponsor of ours.
There are a lot of people doing really great on it.
We've helped him lose 62 pounds.
By now, we should have lost over 100.
And I'm the last person.
The last one ever said, point to figure and say,
well, you're cheating.
Because I know all about dieting and nobody's that tried hard and I have.
Well, more times than I have anyway.
So I know that you occasionally cheat.
You have maybe a tub of Nestle's turtleneck scream.
Whatever, just to tie you over until the next sugar fit.
But I mean, to be going out in public like that and eating at the Rascal House with a bunch of old Yenthas.
What is wrong with you, man? Are you some kind of a moron?
I think that I think the molemyster had you pegged right, man.
You're a legend in your own mind, the beast.
You know, I heard some of those clips from the...
Does he actually do a U.M. baseball play by play?
They share.
Oh, no, you have to be joking me.
No.
Because I heard the clip that Grieper was playing over and over this morning.
I mean, that made Zagaki's work on the football.
Sounds sensational by comparison.
Oh, Mike! Oh, Mike!
And Zagaki's screaming and puking on a football was some of the most embarrassing stuff in history of the human race.
I mean, you can't complain about his broadcasting because generally speaking on those games he doesn't do any.
Oh, sorry, Hank. I don't want to pick on Hank's buddy.
Because I like Joe personally, but his work on the...
It's an abortion.
If the right wingers ever get a hold of that and find out what he's doing on the air,
they'll probably put him into whose go? It's an abortion.
No matter what semester you pick at him.
Oh, Mike! Oh, Mike!
Screaming and puking and yelling out of control.
You're like an overgrown child.
But I'll say it again.
He sounds like Mel Allen compared to the beast.
Does that give you any idea what I'm talking about?
Even you.
No.
You don't know Mel Allen?
No.
Come on.
You never heard of Mel Allen?
I've heard the name. I don't know what he's talking about.
He was one of the great broadcasters of all at least baseball anyway.
Okay.
Here's Phil and Muggy getting chronic.
I've purchased Michael Moore's stupid white men and it's excellent.
You're right.
I was watching Dennis Miller doing stand-up on HBO last night and never knew he was such a right-wing ditto head.
Yes he is.
Just as Tom Jicke, who's afraid to piss off the ditto heads because he don't want to criticize him too much,
says, hey Dennis, you're marginally funny and best in your politics suck.
Right on Phil.
Absolutely correct.
So the beast you're out.
You're off of the food.
It's like wasting it, you know?
It would be like giving it back to fat boy.
You're not getting it either fat boy.
Don't even think about calling it.
Did he call in?
Not yet, but any second.
No he will.
No chance.
No.
The answer is no.
No.
No.
No.
You got a fat boy?
No.
You're not getting nothing.
I mean, if the audience could just see him.
I think I just see this guy on his walker.
Bearly able to survive.
Bearly able to breathe.
Every breath could be the last one, red in the pus.
And all you have to is mention any kind of food.
I agree, you know, well, nobody wants to hear about it anymore.
Right?
Right here and about.
Yeah.
Talk about eating a dead horse.
In fact, I wouldn't surprise me.
Do we have a number to get that horse meat?
There's lunch for fat boy and the beast.
There you go.
I'm next made in heaven.
So what's your call Carlos?
I beg your pardon.
You have to.
You called and said what?
But why?
Because you're a fat, hopeless tub of crap.
That's why you're a fat tub of what I said on a year before without the end.
That's right.
And we're sick and tired of your crap.
You're not getting, we already, if we hadn't tried it once before, I'd say, okay,
maybe this might work for him.
You're a hopeless man.
You want to die.
And because you want to die so bad, we're going to do everything in our power to help you out.
Just like he was trying to do, no, like he was trying to do to me.
Remember when I was there?
Yeah.
He had food coming in from restaurants that hadn't even opened up yet.
That day from corkies, which we love corkies, and we appreciate them bringing a food in.
But we had a double dose of corkies that one day that was just before I had my stroke.
And then after I had the stroke, and he still got like two, remember that they had two different places showing up with food?
Sure.
After you were screaming at him, don't ever do this again.
Not only are you a food pusher down your throat, but you're pushing on everybody else and we can't stand you.
And by the way, I'm loving my great new bid here.
You lyin' sack a crap.
Everything that your ex-nabred Dave Sizabot, who was right times a thousand, okay?
Fat boy, aka Jeff Hy.
Man.
He's one of those people who was, you can put up with small doses of, for a while.
And then you finally reach the saturation point and just, and that's it.
It's over the fat limit.
1057 at 560 WQM.
And speaking of that, what a segue.
Oh, that's right, that's not a, thank God we're not doing it right now.
What are they doing now?
We're sports radio 560 WQM.
Poor David's a bitch.
You asshole.
It's like Hartburn Showtime.
Wait, look, they're just Hartburn.
They also have pressure and loading. That's gas.
Oh no!
Holy crap, exactly!
Sorry guys, they need more than just Hartburn relief.
They need pay-lots-maps.
Yeah, pay-lots-maps and a mob.
Fast Hartburn relief plus strong gas relief.
Pay-lots-maps.
Says it's treat diarrhea.
Yes, that's right.
1101, the mad dog's coming along at 1 o'clock to 7 o'clock.
He's got to cut everybody off in a heartbeat, okay?
So whatever you have to say, save quick.
And I agree with him on that.
You know, I mean, when it's obvious that somebody has nothing to say,
that's the time to move on.
Don't we all agree on that?
Yes.
All right, huh?
All right, we haven't heard from Jim from Plantation yet today.
Maybe that's Jim on 6.
It's the only one ringing right now. W-D-Q-I-M.
Hello?
Yes, sir. Is this Jim?
Hello?
Yes, sir?
No, this is law from the whole right.
I want to talk to you new.
No chance.
How do you-how do you like that?
Now, now you understand?
You people out there that think I get carried away talking about chronics?
Now, do you understand?
These are people- I know I've said this before, but not for a long time.
I don't want to rehash it.
But back in the days, when WGBS was doing talk,
I was on INZ at night at that time on a formerly great station.
W-I-N-Z, W-N-W-S, W-G-B-S, and W-I-W-D also was doing talk.
I think King was still there at that time.
Uh-huh.
Or whoever.
So you had four stations doing talk.
Yeah.
And you have- would you just come down?
I'm just taking deep breaths because I get so agitated about this.
And you'd have this little coterie, this little club of chronic collars
who would call around from one show to the other one.
And then they'd finish talking to like David Gold on WGBS.
And then they would call me and rip him in a ass.
And then like two collars later and somebody said,
you realize that that guy just called David Gold five minutes ago was ripping you?
And it was like a cluster of flock,
what it was.
Huh?
That was with an L. Volkett nervous.
I know I'm not a control.
That's what it was like.
And the more things change, the more they stay the same.
Wond from a little advantage.
Don't you understand the audience hates you.
Maybe you're not a bad guy.
Maybe you actually had something to say or might say.
But nobody wants to hear the same people every day.
We could rent a room real cheap at the holiday in.
And Mo and Geltie could sit in there with a stuttering Steve and with Wond from a little Havana
and with the dentist, the professional Catholic.
And with the other half dozen or ten people they speak to almost every day.
And that would be it.
We wouldn't have to waste all the juice from the station.
In fact, they probably in that little room in the holiday and probably put his whole audience in there.
Nobody want, you're killing the man.
Okay.
And they don't have the cohorts.
They don't have the courage.
Because when I was down here, most of the time I walked by at the other extension phone,
at the coronal extension that sits in the bullpen, it was dead or an adornail.
No calls.
No calls.
So that's the easy way up.
It reminds me of those old days at IOD with joy rentals.
Remember that on a weekend?
How could I forget?
I haven't even had that.
Couldn't you buy a call for a hundred dollars?
So what did he want to do?
He became the maggot magnet and the guy with the eyes.
And then of course, yogurt and all the misfits that nobody else would talk to.
Even Rick Riley wouldn't talk to.
They all gravitated to him because he put him on there and then there was the ability
where he was doing his imitation of the guy in the clockwork and whatever that was.
Who's next?
You know the one I'm talking about.
Billy, but the bit.
Yeah, whatever the hell this guy's name was.
With a phone of your stutter.
I mean, and that's what it was.
If you wanted to hear the same half dozen misfits week after week on a weekend,
we had it right on the Joey show and a Bosch.
Here's a, it says, there's a former program to work.
I suggest that the morning show there should be two chairs.
One with only most hair piece.
The other would get these teeth and two microphones as a former program director.
Actually, this is from Duff.
Because now he's ops manager.
He's not program director.
So that would be him, right?
In fact, look at this.
Oh, no, you know who this is from.
You know, you're letting stuff slip by.
Sorry.
I didn't look.
You see what's from.
Let me dig it out.
Isn't that Jeff Highs former neighbor?
I think it might be.
Yeah.
And you also, you also sent me one from Tim Pots.
Tim Pots.
So George is under such tremendous pressure from the beat.
He's taken on a pole today that he's the cry.
He's just.
I'm collapsing under this, under the strain.
He's straining it.
Oh, look at a nice new piece of copy or two.
And that sales department's doing it, baby.
But I got news for it.
We took a look the other day.
I changed my mind.
Todd Wreck.
He's annoying because he won't services accounts.
But we almost never see him.
But fat boy.
He's always there in his face.
In everybody's face.
Hi, I'm Pali.
You want some food today?
How about the cookies today?
How about some?
And of course, I release cookies is good stuff.
Yeah, stop and think about some of the stuff that he's brought in that even.
Even the people that need to horse meat would turn up and go.
No, I really don't want to think about it.
Yeah.
It's too close to lunchtime to resurrect memories of that crap.
Oh, my God.
Anyway, here's what the pull.
I don't know why I'm so worked up today.
Is this special reason?
Maybe you're just feeling good yesterday.
I feel a little bit better.
It's taken me a long time to recover from this little problem.
You know, for me, all that food when I was down there.
And you're part of the problem, by the way, fat boy.
That's why I hate you like poison.
You're part of the problem.
I'll take 90% of the responsibility about giving you about 8.5% of the other.
You and other people that are always leaving food around for me, like, you know,
if they're cheese in the trap.
Just like if you want to, if you want to argue into you.
If you want Christina Aguilara to come to your house,
just leave a little trap with cheese at your front door.
It should be there in a half an hour.
All the way.
I do like that song.
Beautiful.
That's a great song.
I'm going to grade video.
You know, it's pretty faggy.
That's why you like it now.
You're right.
No, actually, there's nobody looks good in it.
It's just it's interesting.
It's different.
You know, that it is.
What programming changes can I can't even read this thing?
Does WQM need to make two?
I can't read it anymore.
You know.
Well, if I put my glasses on, I could read it.
Well, the print down there is so goddamn small, Eric.
You notice how he keeps making a print smaller and smaller?
So I can be like vision challenged.
What programming changes WQM need to make to improve big time?
We asked.
Yeah, we're kind of the size of that print, Eric.
It's too small.
Dump Mo.
New Morning Show.
145.
Look at the way George is catching the Mo, my sir.
Oh, I am so proud of you, man.
Keep George off the year 136.
He has closed the gap and I was training by only in the latest kind of win of votes
come in from the outlying areas just like Truman beat Dewey.
Move Neil back to 10 to 2.
66, 66 muff and clearance.
You idiots.
Okay, you're simply scimpering cowards.
66 muff they show back where it belongs.
10 to 2.
So we can do the one to 2 hour.
Right?
Right.
In fact, I missed those great one to 2 hour rejoins like.
Don't you just hate people that you snappy openers for their show segments like that one to 2 hour?
Yeah, we hit him Andy.
Oh, I missed those days, man.
And then a Humper used to be on.
We got to just find a different place to stick man.
It's like on a morning show.
I still say Joe Rosen, Geltie 628.
Joe Rose, Geltie and a mad dog 8 to 10.
They still got his 2 hours.
We go back to 10 to 2.
Hank comes back to the 6 which said 3 to 7 to kill him.
Right?
And then we got room for the crow in here for baseball season.
Solves a lot of problems makes a lot of sense to me.
That's the only question is will the mad dog get up that early in the morning?
Of course, what do we do with the old man?
Maybe he can see Babe Ruth again.
Jump Mo.
No morning show 147.
Keep George off the year 137.
Move.
Move.
Neal back to attended to 67.
No more Marlins games.
44.
A very, very strong bad showing for the Marlins considering was late addition.
Bring back the crow 24.
Even when at Kazuma, Mochaia, Roma and all of his goofy sayings.
That's why you see some arm-truck problems.
We still love the crow.
He's a good guy.
Got a huge ego.
I really want to be manager of the team.
Don't change the thing.
It's fine.
17.
That's out of 3.5%.
You realize that that's almost statistically insignificant?
Yeah.
Don't change the thing.
It's fine.
And you know that over those 17 votes, let's see.
Greg voted one of those.
Very jackass a couple of times.
Who else?
The small.
Moa doesn't know.
There's nobody in the sales staff.
They can't stand it.
Neal should retire.
Let George step in 11.
Now we're talking.
Lots more Joe Zagaki 11.
Dump the hump or 10.
And dump the mad dog only six.
As the mad dog continues to be hysterically popular.
That's why going back to Ted's fanciest before the mad dog should be on a morning show.
Because we need to boost up the morning show and put this one back where it belongs.
That's the cats meow.
This isn't leaders says Sodom's alive.
Sodom who's saying is alive and on the move inside Iraq and Iraqi opposition leader said.
Ahmed Chalabi and Iraqi I'd like to say that.
Ahmed Chalabi and Iraqi National Congress leader now embanked that.
Told the BBC.
His group is tracking the opposed leader Iraqi leader and at least one of his sons.
We are aware of his movements between 12 and 24 hours after he's been there.
Chalabi told the BBC.
In fact, why don't we turn on the BBC just for a second and to see what they're saying about it?
The whole of the United Nations in Iraq in this post-conflict era.
And talking about a return or a possible return of weapons inspectors is an opening gambit if you like in that direction.
A star, a way of thinking about getting the foot back in the door.
Okay.
They're so boring.
Sodom's whereabouts in condition have been in question since the war began with an air strike on a bunker where he was thought to be sleeping.
What's that supposed to be? Is that on a bunker or bunk bed?
Well, look at it says B1KID.
I'm sure it's bunker, but it looks like a bunk bed where he was thought to be sleeping.
Another attempt was made to come April 7th, but failed.
Fail.
We just can't seem to get the big guy.
We got the Aces Bades and we got the Sixth of Clubs and the Eight of Diamonds and the Queen of Hearts and all this other crap.
I mean, we're reducing it to a bunch of playing cards.
People are dying.
People have been tortured.
They still don't have the electric back on the huge parts of the city.
They're still like schlepping desperately and trying to get a little water.
You can only imagine what it smells like there.
And we're worried about a deck of playing cards and then we got Rumsfeld saying,
oh, North Korea needs a regime change and you got Wolsey saying, well, Syria is run by a bunch of fascists and they need a regime change.
You're dealing with a bunch of crazy people and the media here, what are they talking about about Scott and Lacey Peterson?
Because everybody's burned out on the other crap.
Scott and Lacey Peterson on TV, 27 hours a day and I still will not watch it.
I don't care about it.
For the life of me, I can't understand why I was supposed to care.
I did understand with Chandra, because Gary Kahn, who was a hypocritical Democratic member of Congress,
was pointing the finger at Bubba for blow jobs and the meantime was a wild sexual deviant who was involved in maybe even murder we don't know.
So we understand it was a reason for that.
Even though they milked their way too much, but then it's the hysterical story,
do you sure that the media has to have since old days started that?
I scrolled, okay, you're the innovator.
But this one, I still, and you said it's because she was pregnant?
Yeah, I'm just speculating what makes her different than any other missing person.
She was pregnant.
I don't understand.
I was just sitting in these kinds of stories and then for whatever reason, the media hopped on that man and now, of course,
during one of my channel surfing in between periods of the hockey last night, there's the kingmeister on there.
Once again, he's got Nancy Grace back and he's got the guy with a mustache and he's got his panel, his panel again, and they're talking his crap.
And I'm thinking about my guy.
We got the head honcho, it was the Hofstra administration talking about invading Syria and Iraq and the Iran and North Korea.
And you're talking about some of the bitch that was murdered.
I mean, some of the nice lady that was murdered with her fetus.
Of course, they have to make a big simmiss about that because now the right to lifeers are stepping in.
They want a big thing about the fetus, you know, or the fetus is a real thing.
We've got to make a whole big simmiss about that.
The right to lifeers, I noticed, have been very silent about all the little children that were killed and named in Iraq.
Yeah, I just mentioned that in passing.
So the good news is, Len Samuel says they still have those great flavors, yummy at the IHOP.
All those syrups?
Good.
Isn't that great?
She said, Ms. Grigz likes to whisper it's about her gowns.
That's what she said.
She likes to spritz him.
So she imaged that blue gown.
Remember Monica's blue dress with that evil telltale stain?
Anyway, and I emailed back and I said, I'm going to put some on my French toast today just in honor of these, the whole thing.
I'm going to start eating all kind of French food just to show my anger.
And I tested the French long before we came fashionable.
I knew that they were a bunch of pigs.
And then the guy calls up yesterday, how are you doing up there in frog town?
There's no frogs.
Maybe there's two or three laying around.
Maybe they'll get SARS, we hope not.
But this is Toronto, this ain't Montreal, this ain't Quebec, eh?
They had no clue.
They didn't even know where to find Canada on the map.
They think that like Ontario is an appendage of Niagara Falls or something.
They just don't get it.
They don't know.
I mean, you know, people have been around like you guys.
Another story.
Like Carlos.
Well, if they saw Carlos at the board, do you think there's any chance they'd let him cry?
No.
No chance.
Then he voiced your time.
11-14 at 5-60.
You're now speaking of balance for life.
I'm not mentioning any names.
Okay, just do people out there.
Take care of yourselves.
If you're fat, if you've tried all the other fat diets, if you had just been a failure.
Like so many of the rest of us, don't give up.
You ought to yourself to at least try balance for life.
It's a piece of cake without the cake, without all the carbs and the calories.
They figured all out for you.
Based on the zone diet, which is very complicated, but like I said, they do the figuring.
All you have to do is pick between two choices for each meal every day that's run a program.
They send you a little menu each week.
You pick what you want for five meals every day.
Two, three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks.
And they deliver the food right to your door.
To your house, to your work wherever you are and your little blacks.
You're a fan.
Welcome back to the highly rated, oh, how it'd have dated in the show.
Putting to my own straggation.
Okay, stupid. Where were we?
We were doing this.
Oh, you were going that for me.
Oh, yeah, sorry, Mo.
That's better.
All wrong day.
Oh, Chris.
Hey, I didn't see you could say that.
Okay.
All wrong day.
Now you.
Chris.
Car.
I was.
All wrong day gets me.
Not that's it.
Not on my watch, you punk.
Or on day.
He's up with you.
What's with the kung fu grip?
Sorry, Mo.
And we got one of our three very important callers on the line here.
WQIM, what do you want?
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
I'm on it.
What's your cake?
I'm on it.
You know, to say that God damn thing is saying, what are you doing?
I'm playing with my married coagher.
I'll head down.
Oh, that's quite understandable.
Why are you sometimes you.
Help me out.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, help me.
I'll get you.
Oh, my God.
I got the tone now.
Almost there.
Say, all wrong day.
All wrong day.
All wrong day.
All wrong day.
All wrong day.
All wrong day.
All wrong day.
All wrong day.
Help me.
All wrong day.
Help me.
Help me.
All wrong day.
Help me.
Yeah.
Oh.
You're not the same.
Don't.
All right.
Look at that.
Look at it all over my way.
Yeah.
11, 20 and 5, 60.
WDQM.
Happy Tuesday, too, whether you like it or not.
Now, it's pay song.
How many days does Passover run?
You're asking me.
Mike, you're supposed to know these things.
We got that Jew calendar in the other room somewhere.
Isn't it like old fashioned Christmas.
There's 12 days of it.
No, no, no, no.
That's a talk.
You're thinking about Hanukkah.
I don't know.
I think it's over.
WDQM.
I am.
Hey, deal.
Yes, sir.
He asked something before he stood talking about the painter since he ought to check himself.
He left his liberal.
You're so boring, man.
You're so terminally boring.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
And see, people would have thought it accused me of hanging up by them too fast last week
that one day and then come to find out he doesn't have anything to say.
Left this liberal.
Left this liberal.
Come, you pinco.
Saw a great thing on a history channel last night in between the surfing around during a hockey game.
About what we didn't go out of Mala.
Did I mention that on the air or not?
Briefly.
Oh, brother.
What the CIA didn't go out of Mala.
John Foster, Dallas, his brother, Alan Dulles.
There's a couple of real winners for it.
Couple of real commy-baters.
See, in fact, they talked about that.
Back in those days, it was the evil empire of communism they were after.
It sounded so familiar.
It had that evil ring, you know.
Because John Foster, Dallas, the secretary stayed under Eisenhower.
We're such a religious man.
And it was the good people against the evil communists.
Huh?
Like I said, it sounded very familiar.
From this leftist liberal's view point.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Deal?
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Can you play the Howard David tapes?
W-D-Q-A-M.
Yes, this is Jim.
Jim?
Yes.
Not even plantation.
No, but you said something today we call it the same Jim.
That's a good start.
What's up, Jim?
Hi, thanks, Neil.
I'm done.
Oh, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
He wouldn't even tell us his take on anything.
It was just a guy named Jim.
Well, that's like I said, a good start.
It's not Jim Lens from Plantation.
He wrote that very, very famous letter in the Harold Sports section on Sunday.
But at least it's another Jim, okay?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We'll find that guy if it's the last thing we do.
If we have to put P. Lini on here and do the voice.
Because he wrote it.
Him and Mepho and the Polly man.
Oh, God.
How would you like to be a fly in a wall in David Busters or somewhere where those guys are sitting around having a few pops, huh?
Seriously, you know what I'm talking about.
Yeah.
Can you even begin to imagine?
Woo!
Heavy duty.
You can smell it with all of her talent.
W-D-Q-A-M.
As Jack Parwin.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Yeah, you tell me, will we ever have our America back?
And I mean, Lens say awesome, I mean liberals because I'm really tired of the conservative swing.
No.
We never, we'll never get it back.
Remember all I'd bull crap about there was going to be they were putting together this liberal talk radio network and they were going to counteract the rush and all these right-wingers?
You heard anything about that lately?
Well, I heard that it was dead in the water.
Yeah.
That just liberal radio wouldn't do it.
And they're probably right because you know, liberals we don't want to be told to think where is the conservative, you know, they're talking with the thing.
Liberals are busy sleeping just like the Democratic Party, man.
I hate to break the news to you, but you know, it's like if you just lay down on living room floor and you went into a coma and everybody came and emptied out all your possessions and you woke up the next day in a house was empty and you said, what the hell happened here?
That's what's going on in this country.
Everybody else has been sleeping while these people feverishly have been stealing all the goods.
How do we fix it?
Is there a way?
Is there a way to what?
Just get the good back.
I mean, it's not the hatred act in this calling protesters on American.
I mean, I have been shocking.
Yeah, well, I'll see you at the border.
Okay, I'll help you over the Peace Bridge.
56670560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Of course, you can always say what we could make sure next year in 2004 election that we beat the Bushmeister.
That is if there was an election.
Let's take a look at that stock market today.
Shall we take just a quick peek at it and see how it's doing?
Oh, look at that.
Everything's coming up roses.
That was up 20.
That's up 5.5 point.
Everything's looking really rosy, isn't it?
Yeah, sure.
Not.
Dollars in the crapper.
W-Q-A-M.
The PAW.
W-Q-A-M.
Or any professional education.
W-Q-A-M. Hello.
Joker, Joker.
Jack Perry, can you believe it?
W-Q-A-M on the line.
That's always that same guy not even there.
Didn't even hang on his time.
Good.
That's a good step in the right direction, Pally.
56670560.
Just a frenzy of hysteria.
Just out of nowhere.
You know what I'm saying?
Just out of nowhere.
Just, I guess they decided this was the time.
Have we had a woman on the phone today?
No.
No.
W-Q-A-M.
W-Q-A-M.
M-L.
How can you charge, how can it be charging as figures ago with two counts of capital martyr?
Is it abortion, legal in California?
It depends on what the Prime Minister the baby was in.
What is it with the truth?
Let me ask you this question.
Why do you care about that story?
I just found it interesting that they wanted to...
Apparently the...
The right...
The right...
The right...
The right...
The right...
The right...
The right...
The right...
The right...
The right...
The right...
The right...
The right...
The right...
It depends on what Tribester how far along she was with her baby and after the losses.
The 3rd Tribester is...
In a very botan man.
Very good.
Okay.
You asked and we tell him.
5667-0560,
The pound five sixty on the AT&T line, 1126 at QAM.
If you're buried in a crappy job, if you're working for peanuts like Carlos, here's the
answer.
It didn't help him out, but that's because he didn't get the right training to get
the, put it in the right direction.
He made a bad mistake, got into radio, not a good idea.
If you want a new high-paying computer job in a fast growing computer industry, get
yourself the training you need from our friends at Fast Train.
Just one simple call.
You get to unerode to doing it.
And in just four short months, you can have a great new career in a big, fat worthwhile
paycheck.
Call 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
You'll be making enough to get yourself out of that underpass and over the underpass.
They offer convenient day, evening, and weekend classes for it, Fast Train.
Check them out of the web if you like at FastTrain.com and get yourself out of a dead-end job and
make a good income.
Call Fast Train today, and like I always tell you, they got locations all over town to make
it even easier for it, is about to be a location nearby where you live.
Fast Train's got locations in Miami and Kindle, Pembroke, Pines, and 4 Lauderdale.
So like I tell you, it is about to be one close by you.
And don't forget to register at FastTrain.com to get to your free American flag bumper
sticker.
Pick up the phone.
Be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck, the useless Todd Dreck, tourney to call Fast Train
toll free 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
Ride and local.
We're Sports Video 560-CUA-G-A-M.
What is like those retreats?
This is a 560-W-U-A-M viral arm.
Please exit the building in an orderly fashion.
There is no need to panic.
Everything is fine.
Self-destruct sequence engaged.
G-MIDIS 10 minutes at camping.
10.
5.
3.
Woo!
I gotta get out of here, Pallet.
Hey, how come the elevator won't work?
Does it gotta use the stairs just to open more on?
You're dumb fat fastened you.
You're stupid fat-tired.
Oh, hi, how it?
The stairs?
That's right, Rotundov.
I don't think I can...
How do I wait, that's all?
All right, so I have to go.
What's the step at a time?
I'm gonna go.
I'm gonna go.
I'm gonna go.
I'm gonna go.
I will get out.
I will get out.
I will get out.
I will get out.
Somebody help me.
Hey, how about you, Pallet?
You wanna get me a key?
I'm gonna get a key.
Please, I'm gonna get a key.
I'm gonna get a key.
You know what you're gonna do?
I might do me a hand, Pallet.
Come on, I'm not sure.
Is there a portlet around?
Hey, I need help.
Hey, maybe I can hide in your pants.
You mind your ass?
I'm gonna get out of here.
You can't go.
No, please, please, I'm gonna get out of here.
You're gonna get me a key.
I'm gonna get a key.
I'm gonna get a key.
I'm gonna get a key.
Sorry.
Fuck, nice knowing a high boy.
Just remember, Galvie, you can't put your arms around your memory.
I can't even put my arms around you.
Damn!
You little little monkey.
I feel like I'm in a spot right in the Poseidon adventure.
But we think I'd tell her cups that we're Steven's going.
We share it ice-creams in our day.
But he didn't know the left is.
Ah, there.
I made it.
All the way down the stairs.
May I have your attention?
This was a false alarm.
That would be cool.
And it's been a real fire.
That's just a disaster.
It's been serving high boy.
And the next thousand tailgate party.
Everyone back to your horses.
Everyone back to your horses.
Fuck you, Pally.
That's him.
That's our very own fat boy.
I got to do his mentioned in word food.
I want it.
You went getting it.
Okay.
1132-560-WQAM-567-0560-PON-560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Remember that great salad he brought in from that place?
And an interesting part of it is that a lot of these places he would discover
would be out of business within six weeks.
I know.
And we're at like it was only yesterday.
In fact, I think some is still coming out.
WDQAM?
Yes, Jim Lens, please.
Do you realize how many boring people there are in South Florida?
Yeah.
I'm not just talking about off.
But I mean, just boring.
Terminal.
It's not the ambiance.
It's not the environment.
It's not the climate.
It's not the natural stuff.
The beach to sand.
It's the people that make South Florida what it is.
Boring.
Crap.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
Neil.
How long?
Has anyone said that yet?
WDQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, is this Neil?
Yes, it is.
Neil, how are you doing?
Hello.
I'm here.
That's your bookie on the other line.
Neil, let me ask you.
I want to talk to you about the old reality show.
Have you heard about that?
Yeah, we talked about it yesterday.
It's a disgrace.
Does anybody have a base?
Doesn't it have to go to the families?
No.
Really?
No, that's why he moved to Florida because they came to garnish his wages in Florida.
Wow.
They haven't gotten one cent.
That's incredible.
Uh-huh.
That's incredible.
Well, that's the story, man.
Anybody, any scumbags, that would put him on the air?
What does that tell you about them?
Incredible, man.
Like I said, it is.
You can eat, but.
And you're done.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
On the AT&T, you've got to rise a wireless line.
Mo, the morning show.
Don't mo 163 votes.
Keep your job here.
145.
I think he's open up some space on you.
I'm not saying you're safe.
What programming changes, QA, I'm need to make...
What does it say?
Need to make to make...
Oh, I can't even read this.
What programming change?
QA, I'm need to make...
Oh, I see.
It's poorly worded.
That's my fault, because I worded it.
But I think the print needs to be a little bit smaller.
To improve big time.
Dump Mo, no morning show.
163.
Keep your job here.
145.
Move Neil back to 10 to 88.
No more Marlon's games.
53.
Uh-oh, uh-oh!
Get rid of that crap, okay?
Bring back the Crow 27.
Don't change the thing.
It's fine.
24.
Up to an impressive 4.4%.
That's a little better than it was.
I mean, when it was down here in the trees, that's pretty lame.
Neil should be returning to the George Step in 14 to 1.5%.
I'm ready.
What are you laughing about?
Lots more Joe Zagaki 13, Dump the Humper 10 and Dump the Mad Dog 6.
Now, where did that last one come from?
What?
Short or commercial breaks on Mo Hank and Mad Dog show?
Why is that on there?
We had a short or commercial breaks.
I heard you want to- when you said it?
I read it off of facts.
Did I say let's put it on the pool?
Thought you had?
My mistake.
Oh my god.
I'm saying, you know what?
We got a battle going on between Benerboy and Eric.
We have our own war going on.
It puts everything else mixed with pale and wind significance.
Call up Rumsfeld.
See what we can do about it, okay?
Time to drop the bomb, like Mo did.
Boy, you can't get anything past you.
I was just reading the facts.
Short or commercial breaks and I said,
do they really have 15 minute breaks on those shows?
Is what I said?
Yeah.
That's okay.
Get her off of there, Eric.
Don't pay any attention what that little quizzling tells you, okay?
He's full of it.
Now that he's on direct deposit, he thinks he's safe.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes?
It might got him Neil.
Sounds like Neil to me.
Oh, how you going to him?
Good morning.
Hello?
Good morning, sir.
Speak.
Speak to me.
I'm going to say hello.
You never said that the Joe's wife is a key for.
Oh, great.
Another one of your people, by the way.
Yeah.
Another one of your people, by the way.
One of your crowd.
567.0, 567.0, 567.0, 567.0, 567.0, 18 and T.
And for Ryzen Wireless Line.
Can't imagine why they didn't get on the ear, sir.
Try it again.
Not W-D-Q-A-M.
That Line Nine guy.
He ran out of patience.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Yeah, you the guy that blows people up from the...
W-D-Q-A-M.
Oh, before W-D-Q-A-M.
W-D-Q-A-M.
We're got, we're got.
Okay, let's take a break.
I'm not taking any more calls today.
This is the crowd.
Oh, you got to bring the calls back, Neil.
You're ruining it with 07 months of bedtime, sir.
This is the worst, this since 11 o'clock.
The worst 37 minutes in the history of broadcasting.
Okay.
No question.
V on the Shen over the...
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hi.
Hi.
This is Jim.
Yeah.
What happened to your voice, Jim?
And I'm a woman and I'm boring.
Neil, I know you told me to call you back, but I sat here all day Friday waiting for just one person in the audience to call about the Boozborn.
About what?
The Boozborn.
Oh, the Boozborn.
Is there not nobody called?
I know.
They just call and make guttable sounds.
They don't want to talk to me.
They want to say anything.
They have nothing to say.
They just want to call and make goofy sounds.
I know.
Like the Boozborn.
What do you think they were really saying when they were like beeping, leaping?
I have to spell it out for you.
Do you think they were...
No, but I mean on the set, do you think they were really...
That's exactly what they were saying.
Of course, they were like censoring themselves.
They let the editors put that in there.
People edit the tape.
That must have been so funny.
They must have had the tape over and over and over.
That must have been funny.
How about just doing the ordinary passion show every day is going to be a panic.
How do you keep a straight face for more than five seconds, especially with Charlie on there
and this other crap going on?
I know.
Now it's like a special.
But you know what my favorite line was?
We didn't tell you to see today when Eve finally waddles into the club.
What's your name there?
What is her name, the daughter?
Which one?
Teresa?
No, the daughter.
What's her name?
Is she singing in the chat, is she singing in the piano?
Whitney.
She's singing up a storm and there's doing it and sitting there, getting all emotional and Rebecca
wants it or what?
He's getting all emotional about it.
And then Eve comes running at the end and says, no!
You love it.
It's great.
Yeah, but I loved it when they threw Eve out and her face went right in the snowbank.
But you have to admit, one of the great lines was when Hank...
When Louise and he could barely get the words out when he goes, I'm already taken.
But you're not dating anybody.
And then Hank says, I'm sure there's a big ape and that's a semi-intubate.
But it ain't going to be me.
That was cute.
Sorry, that's just you and I are watching it.
There's plenty of people watching.
Just not in this crowd.
They have nothing to tell you.
They are capable of doing it.
Don't you understand?
No!
They can't discuss.
But you don't have any women clang collars.
Why is that?
Well, because they're not immature.
Have a great day.
You do.
They're not as childish.
They're not as much into the ball games.
You see, with too many ball games in the face of your brain.
20 till noon at 5.60 W.A.A.A.
How many times you heard about an opportunity and you didn't act?
You didn't reach out and grab it.
And you just missed out.
Like was passing you by.
Well, right now is one of those times.
Don't let this pass you by.
Interest rates have gone down even lower than ever.
The financial group was offering an interest rate of 3.45%.
Then they lowered it to 2.95%.
Now rates have gone down even lower.
2.45% financing with financial group you heard right.
2.45%.
Call financial group toll free at 1-800-940-Lend.
How long will these low interest rates last?
Probably not very long, so it's a window of opportunity.
And if you're smart, you'll hop right through it.
With the financial group and get yourself an incredibly low rate of just 2.45%
and save yourself a crap load of cash.
Call financial group toll free at 1-800-940-Lend.
And 1-2.45% financing due to those monthly payments.
A $200,000 loan cost only $70,000-$76 a month.
A $100,000 loan rate $393 a month.
Through a now-coff financial group, 1-800-940-Lend.
That's 1-800-940-Lend equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions apply.
Rates have to be changed without notice.
5.34 APR.
That's my life and local.
This is 4.0560.
You ain't too late.
Is it a loan because even I get an email from Lensaniel says,
wouldn't you love to get a mouthful or French toast
and then French kiss Matt Damon, I sure would?
You following that?
Get a mouthful.
Hey Matt!
You're gay!
I mean Matt Damon, I think.
Oh.
And Matt.
What's his name?
Kevin.
Don't hold a grudge.
I know of poster of this world.
Skill Hines in the middle of the moon.
It's your matter you bet.
I'm afraid I'll forget.
I still got away.
I'm getting chicks wet.
This is not colder than your dad.
So plain or mostly old acts.
The last hit I had knew was in 1992.
I could care less.
Chick's past medical stage.
Still one thousand spectates.
So they can pinch my behind.
Welcome.
I just have to route when they ask if they can do.
Me as the old times and old times.
I still find my old tracks.
That's why I still do.
These concepts for you.
I'd be on the street without you.
But 25 is big.
He's the number one closet.
It's interesting to see the supposed hate that you get on some of these polska's.
That other one.
You came in second to very manllow on one person you really enjoy.
But would never listen to or enjoy.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
Well, I'm not fashionable.
So they're all over the place with you.
They a lot of enjoy it, but they want you out.
Allen says one of our regular factors.
The factors.
Another reason to despise the flyers.
The only team in the NHL were those mandated US flags on their helmets.
But what?
What is it?
By what passes for reasoning under our right wing regime.
They must be the only team in the NHL that supports our troops.
Nine weeks to Vancouver and Count X's Allen.
Good luck to you.
Have a good trip.
We're masked.
Henry says there's a problem with your pool.
I've voted for shortening the commercial breaks.
It doesn't show up on the totals.
That's because we took it off of their area.
Henry was never supposed to be on the first place.
It says fire carlos.
Okay.
Now seriously, was never supposed to be on the area.
Carlos is starting to get jumping out.
If anybody whispers his suggestion, he sticks it on there.
Don't keep sticking it on there.
Okay.
Can't help it.
Like too much stickin, man.
Quit sticking it.
God.
Got a flyers suck in her fans.
Make me sick to my stomach.
Okay.
And you know, a good chance to win tonight.
It's in Philly and Leafs.
Of course both teams had a play just in it.
What about 800 periods so far, Jordan?
But we'll see.
We'll see what that all happens.
I'm not only going to be rooting for my Leafs tonight as usual.
But I mean, even extra big time.
I have to take about 20 extra blood pressure pills.
Just out of spite for that asshole they call yesterday.
And the rest of the obnoxious flyer fans.
Which you notice you never called back and said,
well nice game, eh.
We'll see what happens tonight.
Not even anything.
Not even a pretensive being a human being.
Nasty, miserable, hostile, rude, crude.
I think, you know, something.
I think New York gets a bad rap.
I think New York, the swedge from New York City has gone downstream
and wound up in Philly is what I think.
How do you like that?
Okay.
And then of course whatever swedge went beyond that,
he might have been on the South Florida.
But if you notice that, for example in New England,
there's a lot of really great people in Boston.
But the people from New England and South Florida,
which they were very few of,
but they tend to be really crusty, hostile.
They're not like not all of them, but just most of them.
Well, it's just like the New York thing you're talking about.
And that's what I was going to get to.
I mean, in city of 10 million people,
there's a rather really great educated people in New York.
But generally speaking, they're not the ones that came to South Florida.
Right.
The ones that came to South Florida,
these stereotypical ones,
the ones that you just every time you hear one of those voices calling on this station,
you want to just take your radio and smash it to smithereens.
And then of course, this Philadelphia.
Garbage from pillar to post.
That's Philly Man, garbage.
A sea of swill.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I guess they just ran a gamut today.
They ran out of material 11 o'clock.
They should have advised me ahead of time.
I mean, even she, even our lady caller with a passion stuff,
which quite frankly, the audience don't want to hear that.
But even she starts out with a,
it's Jim or whatever.
Stop trying to be funny.
You're not funny.
Don't you understand it?
No.
You're not funny, most of you, okay?
Just calling me civilized.
Is that possible?
Just have a conversation.
Traps, stop trying to stick.
Like Carlos there, he's trying to stick it.
And every one of them now, they want to do stick.
You know what I'm talking about?
No, what are you talking about?
I don't know.
What programming changes does QM need to make to improve big time?
We asked on theorodgers.com.
579 votes.
Dump mode.
Give it no warning show.
175.
Keep George off the year 146.
He's pulling away from you like you put it in reverse.
Ah, damn it.
Moving you back to 10 to 2.
98.
17% want this show back.
10 to 2.
Muff.
Has Muff or Clarence come into tell us what they were putting a show back at 10?
No.
Assholes.
No more Marlon games.
57.
Oh, that's right.
It's payday week Friday.
Like I said, at Duff, an asshole.
Clarence is okay.
Bring back the Crow 30.
Don't change the thing.
It's fine.
27.4.6%.
That's lame.
Mm-hmm.
Awful.
You should be telling a George step in 16.
That's moving up.
Lots more Joe Zagaki 13.
Dump the hump.
Dump the hump or 11 and dump the mad dog only six.
They love that mad dog, you know?
Oh, right.
God.
In spite of his sports proclivities.
In spite of the fact you don't let people ramble on for hours at a time on the phone.
Look at here's a picture of somebody washing her hands on TV.
Don't you think we need to have somebody show us how to wash our hands right?
That's good.
Over under.
Over under.
No, you're talking about wiping now.
We know how you want to go in there.
Have you seen this is a little delicate, especially close to lunchtime.
Yeah.
But you know, there are various ways to figure out if you wiped thoroughly and properly.
Correct.
There is one I would not recommend.
Somebody QA am.
Hello.
Yes, I want to speak to Neil, please.
Yes, sir, speaking.
Hi, how are you today?
I'm here about an hour ago.
It was not a good result.
Yes, sir.
You took that call call, huh?
What call was that?
The call I just made now.
Yeah.
Yes.
By the way, Neil, and I'm not playing games with you because I know that.
Sounds like you are.
Sounds like right from the beginning it would sound like you're playing games.
No, I'm not.
It's a bit dim lens and I do live in plantation acres.
No, it's not.
It's not, it's not.
It is.
Okay.
Yes, it is.
Well, what did they might have just said you took that phone call and what does that mean?
Well, when I call you see somebody else answers.
No, we do screenless lately.
It adds a lot more spice to the show.
You know what I mean, Jim?
We want to spice it up a little bit.
It was opposed to some of the other boring shows.
Well, I had a call from Mark and he told me that you wanted me to call in.
And Mark?
Who's Mark?
A friend of mine and he, I guess he listens to the show every day.
In other words, you don't listen to the show every day, Jim?
Not every day.
Well, why not?
Well, I have to work for a living.
Now, you really wrote this letter to the editor that I wrote in the sports section on Sunday?
Yes, I did.
And you didn't get any help from Jeff DeForest or Pete Lenny or anybody who called the polyman?
Believe me, polyman and depot, I would not go to any help or anything.
I don't have any respect for either one of those two.
But what did you write here about the polyman should be brought in on a morning show?
Well, you listen to mode, don't you?
Yeah, this isn't Jim Len's.
Yes, it is.
No, it's not.
I can't talk to you off the air.
I'll give you my home phone number, the whole nine yards.
This is Jim Len.
No, where did you come up with all these depotisms like fading like a cheap clamor at Gulfstream Park?
Where did that come from?
Well, I used to see depot at Gulfstream.
I used to see him at McAulder all the time and we talk.
And if you have such a little regard from them, why do you think you ought to be on a mandatory show?
Because I think it would be a nice fit in there in the morning.
Mow brings nothing to the table.
At least depot does have a following.
Now, is Paul Messle, is that the polyman?
Yes, it is.
If you have no regard for Mowicz, he's just the broadened as a third person to live it up the morning show and say that he's clever, glib and very funny.
I don't think this is Jim Len's.
Well, I'll tell you why I think that.
Yeah, that's because he works good with depot.
And I think he would be a nice fit in there.
First person, what do you mean he works good with depot?
He just got through saying that depot should be on with man.
It's man that's in on a morning show.
No, man is on the one to three show.
No, no kidding.
Yeah.
Keep going, keep going.
No, it's not.
Yes, it is.
One of our regular Chrono Chrono.
Okay, I'll tell you what, I'm going to put you on hold.
Okay.
There's not Jim and give an addition to which, what differences does it make if you give the, let's see what number he's calling from.
Okay, I'll tell you what, we'll call you back.
Okay.
Okay, that's fine.
Okay.
Take line one near Carlos and find out what number he's at and see if it matches the two numbers we got.
Because how could anybody call and refute everything that he wrote in the letter?
What does that tell you about it?
Okay, exactly what I said.
Like that.
Just like that.
He has no regard for either one of them, but they both ought to be back on the year.
And why should the Pauli man be on a morning show because he works well with depot, but depot should be on with man.
This person, you know, you're talking to him Carlos.
He's talking to him.
I'll tell you one thing.
Whoever this is, we sure made a big personality of the movie.
That guy sounds like one of our Chrono's, let me.
Yeah.
Well, they all sound, you know.
They're all, they're right.
They're all starting to sound the same, especially this hour.
But I think we may have hit the jackpot.
Do you think something?
He didn't even know what they were, was in the article.
What else Carlos doing?
Is he taking a shoe size and social security number?
What are you doing?
Where's Carlos?
He's getting over there.
Well, we don't want you to confabulate, Peter.
Boy, we want you to find out if this is the real, will the real Jim Lens please stand up?
No.
Come on.
That's what I'm trying to do.
Well, and how are you doing?
Are you going to call him back?
I call them back.
I got, I got phone number.
Yeah.
I am.
He says he's calling from his office.
Get out of here.
He's calling from his orifice.
Okay.
He's calling from his orifice.
And then what did they say when you called back?
Well, I wasn't yet because that's what you said you didn't want me to confabulate with him.
Shall I confabulate?
Dial the FN number.
I'm not going to say the word, ever.
Dial the goddamn number.
See what happens when they answer.
See who it is.
Okay.
See what they say.
Good.
There we go.
There's the unhold music for you.
You talk about a man, this kid can make everything into the biggest goddamn production.
We don't want you to confabulate.
Just call back and get the guy back on the ear.
Okay, Carlos.
What do I tell you about him?
He thinks that now that he's on the direct deposit, he's got it made in the shade.
He's in for the duration.
And why is he calling him on line nine anyway?
Why not?
I don't know.
And they're going to fix, huh?
Which other line should I call them?
Are you, and you dialed the number yet?
Would you like, would you like to get us some assistance for you to come in there and dial the freaking seven digits?
Okay.
Maybe I'll take a plane and I'll come back up there and do whatever the hell it is.
And I'll dial a goddamn number.
How's it?
Stay up there.
You're stars and festive.
Oh, God.
I'm star, I'm starzy that I, uh, I'm going through this experience.
I'll tell you that.
Real starzy.
How long can this take?
Talk about a project, man.
Well, if he's in some kind of an orifice, how the hell could it not be that nobody pick up, huh?
He's talking to something.
Yeah, okay.
Here we go.
He's talking to somebody.
There's a voice on the other end of the line.
He's lips, I see his lips moving.
He's writing.
Yeah.
Like something's happening.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
He's hanging up.
Wait.
Put him on hold.
All right.
Okay.
What happened?
He picked up marketing Jim Lens.
But I mean, I could do that.
Yeah.
Now, why did you make this call?
Who is this?
Hello?
Hello.
Who is this?
Who is this really is?
This is Jim Lens.
No thought.
Yes, it is Neil.
Okay.
Let me ask you this.
What did you say in the article about Hank Goldberg?
What did you say about him?
About him being boring?
Yeah.
Well, I like Hank.
That's the thing.
But he can be very boring.
And I'm just saying.
Let me ask you this.
What makes you think if this is really what you doubt?
What makes you think that you know anything about talk radio or about radio in general?
Are you like a radio person?
No, but I've listened to the last 25 years.
And I like to think that I have an eye on it.
So in other words, you're a chronic radio groupie is what it is.
You're not in the radio business.
You don't even know anything about it.
You're just a chronic listener.
Well, I'm a listener.
I'm not chronic.
Hank, I listened probably an hour and a half to two hours a day.
If that's chronic, I don't know.
But I listened to a ball game once.
Oh.
Oh, okay.
Well, I think that's interesting.
Okay.
Well, Jim, thanks very much for making a call.
Okay.
You're welcome.
See you.
That wasn't him.
1157 at 560 WDQ AM.
For years, I've been telling you about a really fine product.
I'm taking it myself.
It's called Oliomed.
Oliomed soft just contained the finest olive oil and money can buy.
And that's just your ordinary pedestrian olive oil.
It is super concentrated loaded with all kinds of good stuff for your health benefits.
Oliomed every day can produce your risk of heart disease and high cholesterol.
Plus, now there are 14 different Oliomed formulas for you to choose from.
Each one combining pharmaceutical and oil with vitamins, minerals,
herbals to support specific health needs.
From your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system.
Just pick out the formulas that are right for you.
And now, three new Oliomed formulas, one to help you sleep,
one to help you control your weight and co-Q10.
You'll find Oliomed all over time because more and more people are discovering
what a great product of this picks them up to the public's,
Eckerds, Walgreens, Whole Food, Markets, Navarro's, or Sedanos,
or order it online if you'd like it, oliomedamerica.com.
If you want more information called tool3, 1-866 Oliomed.
That's 1-866-65366333 for a better health start popping some Oliomed
in your pus right away.
My, and local, this is 43560, away to AM.
Mystic Cheney, I like to relax by having Mary Magdalen massage my balls
while listening to the Neil Rogers 12th of one hour beeping.
Hey!
Ta-da, Sha-da-da, Ta-da, Sha-da-da.
We're big sub-men in the macho M&L.
We saw a billboard side today.
We don't like that we well.
Ta-da-da, we have balls is not the kind of that we'd like to see.
Implifying we have any balls with this rep resent our team.
And we want our name off of the sign.
Yes, it is in every night and so we want you there a fight.
The dolphins have no balls.
Ta-da-da, Ta-da, Sha-da-da.
That board hoe billboard sign then we've got balls.
Ta-da-da, Sha-da-da.
Ta-da was horrified and so appalled.
Tee-ee.
Ha-ha-ow!
Many, many life with hurry came then.
Will they be checking inside their pants do I have to?
Or am I smooth?
Ta-da, that's fine.
They're lying.
Dolphin don't have any balls.
That's why they slap each other's teeth.
Welcome.
No balls are my teeth.
I'm in a night too.
Oh.
Marketing, this is Jim.
I'm sorry.
Plummo, three and five, sixty.
Nobody here now.
Do you believe that was really him?
No.
Could have been.
Well, it was a crazy.
How's that?
That means it could have been him.
And don't say that.
That's a very, very bad thing to say.
Okay?
I don't think you said that.
Did you?
Not in the case.
Oh.
He's just making it worse and worse.
Okay?
He's in town with his opinions.
Even though I mean totally comfortable to hear that was him.
Which we hope for his sake.
It's not.
We hope that it wasn't really you, whoever that was.
He has no regard.
But see, there were a couple of tip-offs in that call.
First, he knows Polly and he's seen D for what the track of a few times.
A track guy, okay?
And he's been listening for twenty-five years.
And he listens to ball games once in a while.
Like Marlon games, maybe.
Does that tell you everything you need to know?
Chronic.
Chronic alert going out.
Chronic.
Whatever.
That wasn't him.
And if it was, like I said, we're very sorry.
Chicks ticks go and quick despite Bush controversy.
Nashville.
Despite some backlash at radio and retail for negative comments about President Bush,
the Dixie Chicks are flying high in preparation for their upcoming arena tour.
According to Rob Light, the acts agent.
To be brutally honest, there's been no effect other than the odd phone call to a building
acquiring about a refund.
There's a lot more noise than action says Light, head of the Music Division at Creative Artist Agency.
Actually, the buildings are getting more asking if they're refunds.
Can they buy the ticket slides?
There are no refunds.
He says that a fifty-nine shows only six have left, have seats left.
And those are all eighty-five to ninety percent sold out and expected to go clean.
They're going to go clean.
Ready for that?
OK.
I don't know what that means.
Joan Osborne supports on the first leg of their tour.
Michelle Brantz on the second, the tours working with several promoters,
and kicks off May 1 of the Bilo Center in Greenville, South Carolina.
How do you like that?
The Chicks March 1 National Ensemble moved eight hundred and sixty-seven thousand tickets worth forty-nine million dollars
at the box office during one weekend.
Boy, better take up a collection for them, huh?
Yeah.
Just like Michael Morris says, he's really, really taken a beating since that Oscar's thing.
Not sales of his book, The Skyrocketed.
Fact in number one on the New York Times bestseller list.
Here's the fact this is cute from a chronic handwriting.
You notice how the fact I think there are like five factors and three phone callers.
And they're all the same.
And two of the callers are two of the five fact write.
It says you want to improve your station over.
I'll bring back Rocco, a Purgola bend over, since early Andrew Ascentwoods.
Which of course, speaks for itself.
But speaking of Andrew Ascentwoods, there's an interesting story about him that Norm Kent once sold me.
Five six seven oh five sixty.
Yeah.
Five sixty on the, I beg your pardon?
Nothing.
Five sixty on the 18th team of Ryzen Wireless Line.
WQA in.
See, you're tempted just like to hang on a weight much longer than usual.
Can you make it up your mouth?
WQA in.
QA in.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon, Neil. How do you know it?
I'm doing okay.
How do you expect people to have any brains out here?
Number one, they move down here.
Number two, it's just look at the environment around them and look at the newspapers that they have to read.
Oh, come on.
If you think you're going to get your mentality from reading a newspaper, I mean, you can get information from it.
But there's also the internet and there's like a whole bunch of other stuff and reading books, things like that, which are illegal in South Florida, but nevertheless.
But then you will have people that listen to the station and yesterday happened to stay on a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little,
a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little
a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little
a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little
a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little
a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little
a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little
a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little
a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little
a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little
. Do not, I put that timecomilo B2 right out of B2 , right out of B2 , but make some efforts for me to continue to
for a nice dip in the pool as well and you're looking at it and you say oh forget about that I wouldn't even put a
Dead piece in there because it's stained. It's dirty. Maybe it's cracking in the pool as well
Well, just make up your mind that you're not gonna have any mo-ugly pool and call our good friends at Atlantic Marseille
These aren't just a couple of slippers who drive around in a beat-a-hole pickup truck with a big net in the back and claim to be pool guys
This is a real construction company. They use full-time employees not subcontractors and Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most beautiful
Innovation at the pool business in years diamond bright Atlantic Marseille has been pouring it on for 12 long amazing years
They're licensed and insured professionals who we've been trained other companies all over the world
How to do diamond writing right and they'll give you the same price to give to the contractors?
They service braward Palm Beach in North Miami, too. So call Atlantic Marseille
They're the biggest installers of diamond bright anywhere in town
They'll come right to you with the obligation to be a free estimate and don't forget
They also do a super job of pool and deck renovations custom lighting pool heating exotic water features too for the very best Atlantic Marseille toll-free
1-800-558-883. That's 1-800-558-883. Diamond bright to it right because diamond bright be a pool's best friend
I've got a local, this is 560. The radio's on your phone.
Q&A
I'm as dirt
And now here's Timmy Dean, founder of Timmy Dean Pork Sausage with a few words about new Timmy Dean vagal sandwiches
Hello, I'm Timmy Dean. You know, as someone told me 25 years ago that I'd be making vagals
I'da said, huh? That's Jew food, isn't it?
But times have changed and I guess I've got to change with them. But I don't have to like it.
You people want your vagals, I'll give you your vagals.
Well the vagal grease is slab of Timmy Dean pork sausage on it.
New Timmy Dean non-coacher vagal sandwiches. If you're Jewish you can buy them. You just can eat them.
New Timmy Dean vagal sandwiches. There's a little bit of big it in everybody.
I'll tell you you can't beat that to Timmy Dean's pork. It's 1217 at 560 WQM. 632 votes on a pool already being a boy.
He's always keeping track of that. He wants to be impressed. He's like break all these records and everything.
And then he'll take credit. See, it's those extra ones I put on a pool. That's what put it over the top.
Sure. Don't be putting away for choices on a pool, Mr. Octave that right now.
What programming changes does WQM need to make to improve big time? Not just some little like a major adjustment.
Don't mo a new morning show 192. They have pulled away from you like you're not even a small potato.
Just wait like at home. Keep Georgia off the 151. There's no way you can catch that.
That's my prediction. No chance. Move kneeled back to 10 to 208.
No more Marlins game 69. Oh, there's something so symbolic in that. Bring back the Crow 30.
See how many votes it has got? Don't change the thing. It's fine. 4.5% 29 vote.
4.5% lame. I mean, really, I'm very. Neil should retire. Let George step in 18.
Lots more Joseph Gackie's 17. Jump the hump. Jump the Humber 12 and up the mad dog only 6.
Mad dog. He the man can't touch him with a stick. Here's the facts from Jerry and Vanita Springs who says.
The problem at QA. Am I going to realize we had one, Jerry? The problem at QA is they want to pass it off as a sports station.
Even though you're on a midday in June, Mark, the overnight and Jerry, you are absolutely correct. Right.
I hear this all sports radio crap one more time. I'm going to puke right on Greg Reed's nice book.
Work's brothers suit. How do you like that? I'm going to mung. I'm going to do a Linda Blair all over his push, all over his bad haircut.
All sports were a sport. I really call it sports. Back in the beginning it was supposed to be sports and entertainment radio.
That was the talk. It seems strange to me that a macho guy like Miss Tanner can't convince these people that sports talk radio is a misnomer.
It's got nothing to do with what this station is all about. But nevertheless, it'll never change.
It'll never change because I general manager is a sports nerd. That's the problem. That's the chigger in a wood pile is Greg Reed.
He's a sports nerd who wants their sports and more sports. In fact, the only thing that's ever been on our show over the year and five years, you know what?
The only thing he's ever quoted and started doing it recently. What's that? You just played it.
Sports? No.
I give up. How many votes is the crowbar on the phone?
He was saying that relentlessly when I was one year. That's all he was saying. He's obsessed with that.
Unless you think I say on a show that he can understand. It's a good thing it's not more than 30 because he can't count that high.
Why not add one more non-sports show? It says here.
Oh, now Jerry, but he just brings now. I think you've crossed the line, baby.
I see Rick and Sud. Six to ten. He says near Rogers. Ten to two mad dog two to four and hang four to seven. It's really quite simple, but that would cut down the bumper from an hour.
And of course, I don't see Mo on his list at all.
You see the name on here?
Oh, it said this would work if QM didn't insist on being a sports station. The only problem I see here is that managed would have to wait one more hour to get to his green listers.
This is just one man's opinion. I voted for no more Marlon games. Jerry, I'm going to spring excellent job there. Jerry, you're hired.
Why not have one more program director? We got a bunch of losers already. Why not one more? Right?
Sure. Five six seven, oh five sixty. One of the most important stories on our website today on nenearonjus.com, which Beater Boy has working frantically over his little computer there.
To get these stories on their four in those cartoons and those grizzly pictures and all the other good stuff.
Hollywood revives McCarthyist climate by silencing and second war critics.
I'm going to have an in screaming that for months now.
Yep. Like back to the grotesque ugly anti communist, the red baiting days of the late forties and early fifties, the Richard Nixon, Helen Gahegin, Douglass.
What was that? The pink lady? Huh? No one remembers that.
That's what he called her. He ran against during for congress in California. That was his first statewide job or first a federal job.
Congressman from California and he ran against the very respected Democrat named Helen Gahegin, Douglass.
And of course the implications being because she was a liberal that she was a communist. So he called her the pink lady.
And he got he got elected. And then I got a lot of gear from there with Alger his everybody was a communist.
We were fighting communist and every guy they am rock. Thanks to Joe McCarthy and Roy Cohen and all those other lunatics.
Hollywood is often depicted in the US media as a hotbed of anti government to send and left wing politics.
But that's how it how it feels to add Jordan. Mr. Jordan was until recently a TV producer with CBS responsible for a four part mini series on Hitler's rise to power, which will be shown next month.
He thought the timing was act and said so in an interview with TV God magazine. It basically boils down to an entire nation gripped by fear who ultimately chose to give up their civil rights and punge the whole nation into war.
He said I can't think of a better time to examine this history than now. A mini series on Hitler.
That was far too strong for Leslie Moonva as CBS's chief executive who promptly fired him. No reasons were given although politics and a strong desire not to follow follow the Bush administration apparently had plenty to do with it.
Another person who doesn't find Hollywood especially liberal these days is the comedian actress Jeanine Giraffalo who's outspoken views on a rack of made her object of a vicious email and telephone campaign that is intimidated ABC into pushing her new sitcom slice a life in the next year's mid season.
Again, the network sphere of losing viewers and advertisers seems rather stronger than its desire to defend one of freedom of speech of its stars.
The clearly emerging pattern is that entertainment personalities who speak out on touchy political subject especially Iraq do so with their own peril.
The group intent on stringing up Mrs. Giraffalo citizens against celebrity pundits has campaigned energetically against everyone from Martin Sheen whose anti-war views led to a credit card commercial of his being scrapped to Susan Sarandon dropped as a speaker at a Florida branch of the Umbrella charity group United Way to Sarandon's husband Tim Robbins who's invitation to a 15th anniversary screening of the baseball movie Bull Droom at the National Film Festival.
baseball hall of fame was withdrawn because the halls present a former Reagan administration press secretary failed his very presence might undermine the efforts of American troops in Iraq.
Beyond the film world powerful radio station chains we want to mention clear channel with strong political ties to the Bush White House have been orchestrating boycotts and hate campaigns against civil anti-war protest and performers most notably the Dixie Church the Texas country trio now fearing for their safety not to mention their not says here their plummeting records held not true.
After their singer Natalie main set into concert London last month that she was ashamed to heal from the same same state as the president.
One radio chain cumulus media responded by arranging for a tractor to push Dixie chick CDs tapes and videos in an episode that carried uncomfortable echoes of historical book burnings and other cultural purges to crush them and I say push them, crush them, sorry push them off the edge.
The venom or is that venom the venom behind these campaigns is disturbing enough that there's a second strand strand of the story and that is that Hollywood might not be such a liberal place after all as Robyn said in the speech the national press club in Washington last week.
I'm sick of hearing about Hollywood being against this war. Hollywood's heavy hitters the real power brokers and cover the magazine stars have largely been silent on this issue.
And it goes on about Michael Moore getting booed and Mike Ferrell one of the mashed people it says the intimidation experience by Ed Jern in the CBS producer with the Dixie chick is certainly having its effect.
In his speech to the national press club Robyn cited an unnamed famous middle aged rock and roller who thanked him for speaking out against the war but said he didn't dare do the same himself because of the power of clear channel the nation's largest radio promoter and station owner which is an unabashed pro Bush agenda.
They promote our concert appearances the rocker said they own most of the stations that play our music I cannot come out against the sport which we had that in another story to the day but it's worth repeating again I think.
How do you like that? Hair channel is the anti Christ baby David Ross all of those go into the anti Christ.
Shame on them this grace so not only have they destroyed radio in terms of variety from listeners not have been destroyed for those of us who work in the industry but now they're destroying the first amendment.
What I tell you about them always and I must be crystal.
How would I like to say happy Christmas month of the counter of a must be crystal.
So let me tell you about the banana people in Guatemala.
The key to banana.
In fact it's a damn good thing they got a much of them bananas on passenger so that precious is keeping one or push all the time.
From 26 at 560 WQM here's some more great deals for you from a good buddies time layman and Joe Prieto Halopani X GMC listen carefully put your ear right up to it and the radio to Neil deal number one you know maybe one of these days we're going to have something new from our good buddy Bob Eisenberg I doubted.
I just think our sales department's on permanent vacation with the wither without Stevie Tyler came across with that barbecue copy.
Oh is that him yeah oh well let's not push him for too much all our wants by the way Tom layman's listen Eisenberg let you down anyway here's some great deal deals going on right now Neil deal number one get 0% financing for 60 months and every Ponte echo GMC in stock.
Neil deal number two get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new GMC in Pontiac in stock let me say it again in case you missed it the first time get up to a $4,000 rebate on every new card truck in stock and Neil deal number three if you're currently a GM smart lease or smart buy customer and you drive a Chevy Blazer old to provide or GMC Jimmy buy or lease a new Pontiac or GMC and get you an extra $1,000 off the price.
And while you're at Halopy sure in stock by and take a test drive of the powerful beautiful Pontiac Grand Prix Halop Pontiac GMC they've been in business that long because they know how to treat you right and give you unbeatable deals in the same joint at 134 a one-stop fixie highway that's US one across in the fall 35 years plus open every day seven days a week for more information you can call the Neil deal hotline and one triple eight five three four forty two eleven that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven and don't forget all Neil deals are subject to credit approval see the four details Halop Pontiac GMC you know what I'm saying.
By now they be professional grades.
We're sports radio five six.
You a. M.
It's in blow.
That's the beast problem and I'll never get out of the city.
I want to scholarship the other day.
The you as I said we need you to play.
And then an awful that I thought was cool just when it's with Paul and forget about school we had food.
We had food.
We had food.
We had food.
That's it we got nothing than it's for you.
Just with the game is all that you got to do you have all the drugs and women you've ever seen.
And party down the street in a little thing we had food.
We had food.
We had food.
We had food.
The NC double a they you got this they gave a school a little slap on the wrist but that would say it just another day.
We gonna keep on doing what we do anyway we had food.
We had food.
Are you.
We had food.
We had food.
We had food.
We had food.
We did not food.
We had food.
Uncle Nils.
You son of a radio contenter.
The mouthpiece of a piece of it is stick to not so white all the step three day.
Let's put the mirror into the theme game.
The world's greatest home all is out that ballet.
Backing day, day, pleasure in the big things.
The world's greatest home all is out that ballet.
Backing day, day, pleasure in the big thing.
Way.
Uncle Nils.
From 33 at 560 WQAM.
So anyway, don't touch me anymore.
Practice please by Mike ox long.
Okay.
Chronic.
See this is the problem.
If you give these people just a little taste just a little bit of notoriety or they're just and they just you know what the deal is.
Nashville songwriter Feliz Bryant co-author of Rocky Top and Bye Bye.
Love dies at 77.
Oh, I don't even heard of the guy.
He died before we could define out who he was.
He died.
Feliz Bryant.
Is he couldn't do a Feliz Navidad?
Feliz Bryant who with her late husband, oh, it's a she.
I would think so.
Isn't it Felicity?
Is that what that stands for?
I don't know.
Who with her late husband wrote Bye Bye Love and other Everly Brothers hits and with a hand-tapping,
Bluegrass standard Rocky Top.
I have no idea what that song is.
Oh, you heard it.
Huh?
You heard it.
She died.
Today she was 77.
Oh, and I'm saying he died.
And it's a she.
I'm sorry about that.
She died.
Yeah, sorry.
Bryant who had been diagnosed with cancer, died at her Gatlingberg home, said Carolyn Davis
spokesman for the songwriter's licensing agency, BMI.
Her husband, Bortalo, who died 1987 also wrote or co-wrote 800 recorded songs, cut by
more than 500 vocalists.
Their songs have accounted for approximately 500 million in sales.
Is that incredible or what, huh?
Thank you, Blitz.
Some of their big hits include Everly's Wake Up Little Suzy.
We could, recorded by various artists including Jim Reves and El Martino.
I never heard that.
Raining in my heart, recorded by Buddy Holly Dean Martin and Ray Price.
And guess what?
They're all dead too.
Is Ray Price dead?
I think they're all dead.
You mean?
I don't know.
Come on, get with it.
How about Vincent Price?
He's dead.
Yeah.
Same difference.
Others who recorded songs by the Brian's and who had Elvis Presley.
He's dead.
Beatles, some of them are dead.
Half.
Bob Dylan.
Might as well be.
Oh, that's bad.
I shouldn't have.
Well, grateful, grateful dead during Garcia, the Beach Boys.
Let's see how many dead Dennis and Carl.
Yeah, that would be anybody out there that's dead.
I forget.
I think that's it.
Okay, Tony Bennett.
He's hanging on.
Simon and Garfunkel Ray Charles, Roy Orbison, dead, Cirovon, dead.
See, it's not a good idea to be recording songs by these people, but I guess they won't
be anymore.
Couple of the began writing songs together when Bordeaux Brian said his wife's poetry
to music.
The first major success was country boy by little Jimmy Dickens in 1948.
Who later came out with that Dickens cider.
Rocky Topritten in 10 minutes in 1968, recorded by the Osborne brothers, is that the Osborne
to the Boos Borns became a state song in 1982 joining Tennessee Waltz and others.
It's been the fight.
Oh, I see the fight song for the University of Tennessee athletic team since the early
70s whipping football crowds into a frenzy at Nailin Stadium.
Never heard of it.
You've heard it.
Let's see.
A lone Bordeaux Brat wrote all I have to do is dream.
Devoted to you both recruited by the Averly Brothers and Love Hurts by Roy Orbison.
Love Hurts by Roy the Boy.
So there you go.
There's some bad news for you.
You're dying like flies, man.
Here's another fact this morning is a perfect example of why you did your show with no phone
calls.
No question about that.
They didn't like it though.
They didn't like it.
They hated it.
They hated it.
They hated me.
They wanted me to like die a wicked death.
Without sucking your ass, it says I honestly don't know how you do without using major
amounts of drugs and alcohol.
Well, who said I don't?
Huh?
I don't.
There are people and their organizations like PNAC out there and administration that
is a hunger for world domination that we haven't seen since Hitler.
Yeah, that's right.
People killing each other were such important issues ranging from the acquisition of the latest
model of Nike sneakers to the acceleration of a spouse's life insurance benefits.
Right.
And all you get are the purist of assholes calling and spewing very lame and extremely
weak one-liners and hopes that they're Schmitt somehow becomes a kneel bit and by doing
so making their hopeless lives complete.
That is so weak.
That's so weak, correct.
Rob, you put your thumb right on it, sweetheart.
After living here for more than 17 years, I'm thinking bagged that isn't so bad at all.
My only concern is I'm too late for the free for all withdrawals at the banks.
PS Check Monocates you.
Well, that's okay.
Maybe you can put that glove on again a couple of times.
I drop it on the ice again.
No, we're Roman.
No, what are you laughing about?
Do you even know how Roman Check Monocates?
No.
I was laughing at all the other parties.
Oh, yeah.
He's chuckling again.
You know what's that car?
Let's force Laugh.
Force Laugh.
Yeah, Bird.
Bird Junior.
That car's not cute out.
We got Bird Junior, man.
5'6'7, 05'60".
Pound 5'60 on the AT&T.
I'm going to bring him back and prop him up a mature, you know.
What programming changed is WQ I need to make to improve big time?
We're asking on the Arranger's dot com today.
At one time during the middle of the break, the total votes on there was 6'6".
I almost hit him up with the break.
That would have been bad.
I almost blurted in the middle of a spot.
Oh, wait a minute.
I would ask you to remain vigilant and to continue to respect public health advice.
No, Ernie Eves.
That's the Ontario Premier.
He's out.
Get out of here, Ernie.
684.
Don't mow.
Get a no-morning show.
210.
Keep George Off the year 161.
You're falling down by 49.
I'm going to vote.
Move Neil back to 10 to 116.
Muff.
116.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
That's 17% want to show back to 10 to where it belongs.
Where it was like a tradition.
Where it was like part of everybody's life.
And part of my life.
Now I got to get crawling out a bit at an ungodly hour early in the morning.
And I'm a dottering old fart and I want to be doing it.
There's only one dottering old fart that should begin out of it early in the morning to show.
And that's until we get rid of them.
I mean, well, you have any idea how, oh, you have any idea how desperately.
I'd like to find a magic wand to just make him disappear.
Yeah, there you go.
George has got it.
No more Marlon game.
74.
Doing tremendously well.
Don't change the thing.
It's fine.
31.4 and a half percent.
Lane.
Bring back the Crow.
30.
Lots more Joseph Gacca, 22.
Neil should be tired.
Let George step in 21.
3%.
Jump the hump.
Jump the hump or 14.
Humpers doing okay.
Get up.
And dump the mad dog only six out of six hundred.
Can you believe the incredible unbelievable popularity of the mad dog?
I believe it.
He is just, he's more popular right now than French toast.
That whole thing about the French toast and about the freedom.
You know, this is such a great example of the juvenile,
not just the dumbing down, but the aging down of America.
Treating everybody like little kids in a sandbox with the deck of cards,
with the eight of diamonds and the six of spades and the freedom fried.
It's on such a juvenile level.
How do you expect me?
I'm not going to take it back.
It's too late.
Maybe the horse is not only out of the barn.
He's a hundred yards down the road and they're getting ready to frown for dinner in Texas.
How do you kidnap man?
20 to one at five, 60 to two.
But I'll wave at you from the border.
Okay.
From a safe distance away.
I'll wave at you.
I'll be wearing a mask.
And not about SARS either.
If you've been thinking about buying a new barbecue or any barbecue accessories,
you must go to Barbecue's Glora Great Place.
Get you a head start on the barbecue in season with the perfect grill accessories.
All at the Guadante lowest prices.
Barbecue's Glora carries barbecues in every price range.
From the top of the line commercial grade stainless steel grill to the more portable Weber charcoal grill like the one I got that is great.
Get you an amazing deal right now on the top of the line.
38 inch grand turbo stainless steel grill.
This powerful 62,000 BTU grill comes loaded with accessories like a stainless steel mortisserie, a rear burner, and a pull out gas cylinder shelf.
You won't beat the quality of the price anywhere.
For all your barbecue needs at the Guaranteed lowest prices, don't forget shop barbecues glow there in plantation and university driving a fountain shopping center.
Call 9-5-4-4-2-3-1400.
And the curl springs are at 7485 West Sample Road corner sample in Rock Island.
Call 9-5-4-757668.
For the largest selection of barbecues in the country, it's barbecues galore.
And believe me, they be the best.
I can roll.
This is sports radio 560.
You way, yeah.
Oh, that the Lord even loves neo-rodgers.
Is that me touching you or you touching me?
I can't tell where you end and I begin.
My skin is your skin.
We are one.
Is that I who dealt it or you who smelled it?
When it wasn't me.
Was two.
Was not.
Was two.
Calvin Klein's repulsion.
Oh, this smell of it.
It's a 1244-560.
I can almost smell it all the way up here, you know? How do you know I farted?
Ernie Eves is still bop-bop-bop-bop.
Yeah, put it in your behind.
Get lost, Ernie.
Okay, you're out, man.
They hate you like poison, useless.
What a politics up here is so strange, you know?
And I guess it would be the same if you were first coming to the U.S.
Because you got your federal government, you know?
And then you got your state government and you're, and it's the same thing here,
but it's very hard to finger out.
And most of them are a bunch of schmucks anyway.
Here's one that says the facts.
Thank you for pointing out the many in a Hollywood are being blacklisted for anti-war opinions.
Michael Morgaert's vote for denouncing the war in a man who raped a 13-year-old girl
and who can never enter the U.S. again receives a standing ovation and an Academy Award.
Phil Henry claims that Tim Robbins and other anti-war activists in Hollywood are sabotaging his TV pilot.
Are you?
Because he is pro-war.
I knew it was all these full of BS, but it used to be funny now. It's Lard S. Light.
Lard S. Light.
Good one.
Okay.
Okay.
And then to bottom of this facts under what looks like sheet music, it says.
Conda Lisa. Conda Lisa. I sing it every day, but don't tell the Gestapo.
Obviously unsigned.
You always stand to the Gestapo to extract everyone.
Yes, we do.
Here's one that's very disturbing, but not no surprise.
There are no surprises from the Gestapo.
FCC chairman Michael Powell, son of course of Colin Powell,
and correspondence released last Wednesday told Congress he would not delay his planned June 2 vote on major media ownership rules,
saying it is time to make judgments.
Because the Chief Channel don't want to wait anymore, I guess.
Powell statement came in correspondence with applying to aid recent letters from federal lawmakers split on whether the agency should proceed quickly or propose rule changes and submit them to more public comment.
The five commissioners are deliberately are deliberating privately on what changes to present for the June vote.
Powell and his letter dated April 11th said the agency is tardy in complying with the congressional mandate to review ownership rules every two years.
He said the FCC has received significant input from the American public compiling a record of more than 18,000 comments.
The time to make judgment based on the record is before us, Powell wrote.
Congressional correspondence urging action by June included representative Billy Tausen, Republican Louisiana, the chair of the House Commerce Committee that oversees the FCC.
Those urging more public comment include 12 senators from both parties who comprise a majority of that Chamber's Commerce Committee, which likewise oversees the FCC.
An issue are rules that limit TV network size, restrict local concentrations of TV radio ownership, and prevent daily newspapers from owning nearby broadcast stations.
The FCC's two Democratic commissioners have pushed forward delay in the rule making saying more studies should take place before they vote alongside the three-ber public and colleagues.
As usual, like I said, both parties suck, but the Republicans are the dangerous, the malignant ones, and the Democrats are benign and asleep.
There you go.
I say let's like clear channel on every station.
There you go.
What do you mean by that?
We can have all large ass, we can have a large ass heavy and large ass light.
Are you sure all day?
24 hours a day.
Everywhere in America.
Sickning.
But the public of course is busy with Nancy Grace.
I believe this panel is, we've got a panel on the Scott Peterson, Lacey Peterson controversy on a murders in California, on the fetus.
It's just amazing.
They used to talk about the power of television, and little did they have any idea, even Howard Beal, and his wildest tirade, they even came close to what it's turned up.
The public's minds have been turned to mush.
Mush!
Just take a look at Ozzy Osborne.
Yeah.
See what I'm saying?
Right?
He's a great intellectual compared to most of the middle of America.
Yeah, I'm serious.
And at least got a great sense of humor.
And I still love my dive Pepsi spot.
Or a little bit contrary.
Yeah, a bunch of bloody magicians.
He is great.
Not as good as Julian Crane on passions, but he's then yours with.
Even you like that.
Yeah, that was funny.
You thought Sheridan was hot and you enjoyed Julian Crane.
You'll never watch the show again, but that's okay.
At least you realized that it wasn't just totally out of it.
No, it was an intro to the show.
It's a visually compelling when I was watching it over here with the sound off in those days.
I mean, I will grant you that that show is...
Oh yeah, there's a lot of really hot-looking people on that show,
which of course attracted to me to it in the first place.
But the fact is, it's like any soap opera,
even though it's a comedy soap opera,
you can't watch it once and get the feel, you know?
Right.
Especially on that show, because it drags on forever.
And they do it purposely to frustrate and to create the audience.
But you become masochistic and you can't show it off.
Just like today.
And today, episode I'm going to see today with Eve barges in
that blue note jazz bar screaming in hysterical...
Stop, stop the music!
Because your daughter Whitney is a singer and she's afraid she's going to turn into a life of drugs
and loose sex and crap like she did.
It's great.
Like I said, you're going to be watching again today.
Drugs and loose sex.
W-Q-I-M.
Yes, sir.
I don't think the dumbing down of America was happened,
stands for accident, and I think it was perfectly orchestrated
because it historically proven facts that the best way to control the population
is to make a ignorance.
That is correct.
And then what you do is, you know, after you get an ignorant population,
you can pretty much tell them anything, especially if you control the avenues of media.
And then you get the silent majority of educated people
and you silence them with true intimidation or other tactics.
Right.
And then you get all the appearance to go along and wave the flag
and do the super patriotic thing and you criticize anybody who doesn't go step along.
Like you said, you point the figure with them and they're either communist
or whatever the appropriate label of the day happens to be unpatriotic.
I mean, historically, I mean, whether it was the church reading the masses in Latin
or, you know, any 10,000 other examples of a dictator coming to power
and killing the doctors and the lawyers because they were the ones that had the education.
It's all a matter of keeping people ignorant and that way you can tell them
whatever the hell you want.
And talk about other stereotypes.
Look, you know, we talk about progress from black America.
There's almost no progress in black America.
Blacks are represented by the same ridiculous stereotypes that they always have
in all of my life and the amount of progress you could measure in a teacup and a thimble.
And the other thing, I mean, ignorant people are, you know, easy to make a profit off of them.
I mean, whether, you know, McDonald's or Walmart, I mean, you need ignorant people to make a profit
and these like always, like I always said, more people eat in McDonald's than any good restaurant you can name.
You got it. Have a great day, pal. Hang in there.
Yeah.
See at the passport or office.
There's a guy that's got his stuff right on.
See, I told you, it takes 50,000 calls.
You finally get one that really, really makes a lot of sense.
I mean, we've had a few today.
We've had a few.
Oh, well, look at that. That's just the way it is.
Okay. I am starting to enjoy it this way.
I mean, so we go through, we go through fits and starts and you keep, you know, it's like life in America.
You know, it's like searching for intelligent life.
You have to drive. I mean, if you're in the deep South, of course, you might have a long drive.
Hope you got a good tank of gas.
Yeah. Hope you can afford it.
Of course, pretty soon we're going to have a lot of cheap gas.
Once we take over the whole goddamn Middle East, then, and just keep in mind, oil had nothing to do with it.
Keep that in mind. Okay.
Okay.
Oil had nothing to do with any of these things.
Now, that pipeline that they want to build a hyphen israelo.
You know, in terms of the, just the coincidence.
And that pipeline is Syria that they chopped off from Iraq.
That was also just a coincidence.
That's right.
Life is just a series of coinciding.
So this that don't start getting paranoid and delusional and start making up stories about PNAC and all these other sinister organizations.
That is correct.
And the American Enterprise Institute, all these other right wing groups.
And they're all the same people that show on history channel last night.
They showed you that all these same people were like from Bush 1, man.
Only only Bush 1, number 41, whatever you call him.
He was like the most moderate of all of them.
He was adored by comparison to them.
I just, again, mentioned that in passing.
1252 at 560 WQM.
If you're tossing and turning it at night, now maybe you're worried about the war.
Maybe you're worried about nuclear weapons.
Maybe you're worried about SARS.
Or maybe you just got a crappy mattress.
That's probably the most likely reason.
If your mattress is lumpy and worn out, you're not going to get a good night's sleep and you'll feel it for all day.
The next day.
Here's yourself a great night's sleep for months and years to come with a quality name brand mattress at an unbeatable price with an absolutely unbeatable delivery service from our friends at Dollar Macres.
Just a one simple call. 1-800 Macres will do it.
You'll talk to a train bedding expert who knows bedding inside and out.
And they'll hook you up with exactly the kind of mattress you want the size of the style.
And when it comes to brand names, no crap.
They don't carry any off brands.
They've got only the top names in the business.
Seely, Serta Simmons, King Coil.
You'd be amazed at the tremendous bed that I have here in Toronto, a fat boy wasn't so full of crap.
Call 1-800 Macres right now to guarantee you a great night's sleep.
And let me tell you, once you do it, you'll never go back to those showrooms and comparison shopping and wasting your time and money again.
And don't forget, when you do buy your mattress from Dollar Macres, they set up the new one and take away your crappy old soil bedding for free.
Let me repeat that because most folks won't do it for you.
The Dollar Macres sets up the new and takes away the soil nasty, worn out old bedding for free.
So make the call right now and you and your back will feel a hell of a lot better for months and years to come.
Enjoy a great night's sleep from Dollar Macres.
Call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
That's 1-800-MAT-FRISM.
Be sure and tell them that old fat boy, you know which one we're talking about, told you to call.
Line by and local, your sports radio 560-CU-A-M.
Let's go.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dominant people killed with the gas that we sold him.
First time a crescert nation and the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea and the nooks there, Tosun and Zah.
Right Queen is drilling it over and over into our head.
Let's go, Mu'rya-makhi.
On the label.
The Middle Eastern world will be destroyed by the fire of the
3000 people killed are now forgotten.
Let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be caught in going after Saddam too.
Plankato Sama, there's no longer mention of the name in London.
But no one seemed concerned all.
Come be in complacence, believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through leading a manipulation and a right.
Queen is drilling it over and over into our head.
That Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
The Lost Civil Rights is the right that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the Ashcroft is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Tables, partners, all are saying.
Blind obedient cattle don't have any reservation.
Bout of broke metalheads.
World of Niohsation.
Old regimes must fall in half a virgin installed with no objection at all.
Telecraft don't have the fault and the right.
Queen is drilling it over and over into our brainwash pants.
I have some weapons of mass destruction.
Only Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
CNN is for a grab.
It's just one of the website's biggest headlines.
It says travel restrictions to Canada being considered.
And then when you read the whole article, there are no travel restrictions to Canada.
They're just telling people when they come here, don't go to hospitals, don't go where people have a bunch of masks on.
Don't go where people look dangerous, you know.
Stuff like that.
And then it says, excuse me, is that what it says?
I mean, typical CNN, certainly not news.
Anyway, dumping mold, the biggest change possible on the Freedom of QA.
I'm 226.
George is what he's past you, man.
You're sucking wind.
Sorry.
164.
You better speed up.
Long way to go.
A mad dog's next to the ever popular gym med.
Bye, bye, bye.
Can you rush your show and place an evil in QA?
My name is for learning.
This is better than sex.
