It's Friday, you bastards!
This is your attorney general in Prevea Redecency and Sensible Shoes, John Ashcroft.
Legalization of marijuana is on the rise around the world, like England and Canada, but those are just the partners.
We can't let that happen here, and the greatest priest in most arrogant country in the world.
While legalization of marijuana would cause unemployment to rise by this mantlin of the DEA task force,
it would take food from the mouths of beauty-filed dishes.
So stick with alcohol. That's fine.
And cover up the naked statues, will you? I have a mother complex, and that bothers me.
And get your feet off my nice clean floor.
This message paid for by citizens against violent America.
He is a mother-magnum mistake about that.
So, would he like George Jets Raiders, would he like?
What? What about Rich Garcia's feet?
Anyway, we took this poll yesterday, which kind of surprised me.
A thousand and twenty-three votes, not two shabby, man.
Not two shabby, boy. Are we in a good mood today or what? At least I am. You already got your stub.
Yeah, I'm playing with it now.
George, already got his stub.
Now, what about Carlos? Are they paying you like with a paper checker? Are you like direct deposit?
Paper check! All right, let's hear it!
Two out of three of us getting a paper check today, so we're waiting eagerly to see our close best personal friend, Clarence.
Not that we don't ordinarily like Clarence. He's okay for a guy that can't get laid and has a penis like a butterfly, but nevertheless.
We're waiting for those paper checks today. We saw a moth stick his head in the door, which is always nice to see him, but you know, he don't give the checks out anymore.
So, as much as we like seeing him, it's he's small potatoes.
Thousand and twenty-three votes on a poor yesterday. Over the years, who's been the worst chronic on Neil's show.
Oh, look at this. Well, let's... I can't see it.
But once I print it out, I don't want to look at it again, because it keeps changing.
The Madi Konga, you know, that's Spic Madi Kong. That guy who calls about 40, 50 times a week.
He, a beat everybody else out, came from behind, 171 votes.
I'm really shocked and pleased, but shocked that Dennis, the professional Catholic, came in second with 150 votes.
You're right. Their audience is out of use, we'd art. Okay. And that just us.
And by the way, Dennis, how come he won't speak to anybody who disagrees with you?
Greg from Port Saint-Lucy, now there are many of these votes were phony, but as well deserved.
I think I did the right thing by him, don't you?
Absolutely.
I extended the olive branch, your friendship. I said, if you just want to fax today, your faxes are excellent.
Your call sucks and seeing you makes me want to throw up. But a fax today keeps the angry, angryness away.
How's that go? So yesterday he sent us an excellent fax to start. And he wasn't doing all that well on the pool.
I think he did it on purpose, don't you?
Because he's in denial, but the fact that he moved all the way up to third with 137 votes, I think he's squeezing it right now if he could find it.
His wife said, you know, she can't find it. He has a wife?
Yeah, he has a wife.
You know, he, well, he said in that one fax, he said, Greg, he said, Andy and I are married.
Now I didn't realize it was who it's to each other. We're happily married and we're doing just fine.
Who's the man?
Gilbert?
Well, that's not the answer to your question, because that certainly is not a brother. Do you think Gilbert has a penis?
I really doubt it. Maybe just like a nub.
Anyway, Gilbert has got 130. He's in fourth place. See, the interesting thing about the pool is that the more recent chronics are obviously getting a lot more votes, like the Monikauln, because he never stops.
He's always there. And Dennis, who's just covering the universe with a blanket with his professional homophobia and Catholicism.
Greg from Port St. Lucie was like small potatoes until he faxed three times yesterday and moved way up on the list and well deserved three times in one day, Greg.
Get with it. This is absolutely, especially after I played the voice man yesterday and he's still only got 130.
He's going way back to IOD by the way, not that a lot of these other people don't.
And he does? Sure. He was calling Rick and Suds first.
Oh, no.
Yeah. We don't want no leftovers from Rick and Suds except that Paul Harvey Jr. 48. He was a late edition, but these small potatoes Andy from Hollywood only had 39.
I'll tell you one thing Andy, you can't even lick Greg's ass.
You're not in the same category. Greg 137 Andy from Hollywood only 39. Talk about small potatoes.
Man, I pretend a wannabe chronic. Whatty 28 now there's a guy voted for what he should have a lot more votes. Yes.
And that talk about going back to IOD. I think he goes all the way back to before I came to town. A staple.
Oh, and then they had packs and that he actually drove up. I was driving out out of that service road there.
What have I done? How long thing is? And income's a car. He stops.
No, no. I rolled on my window. It's whatty.
Now see if that time if I would have been prepared.
The guy with the eyes has got 26 pretty good since Ken. We haven't heard from Ken in a long time.
Since he got that Greg from Portse, Lucy blow up doll.
Mitch from the video store video waves 24 and that goes back five years once we finally got rid of him, which wasn't easy.
He just vanished. Thank the Lord. And he was also part of that whole little circle.
See, one thing he needs to know when it comes to these chronics is that they actually had like a little fraternity you could call it.
A little circle trick. And they were like hanging out together. I know if I ever told you.
Please, but Mr. G once upon a time. Yeah.
Invited me to go to Denny's with him and Gilbert and the guy with the eye. Now who's going to buy?
Gilbert, I guess he's loaded. He is. But I just I was hysterical to me.
Mitch from video waves 24 blind Michael. He's 17. My, my, my. That's a pretty weak number for a, but we haven't heard from Mike Lanson a long time.
Don't call him blind. Mike by the way, George. It's Mike Lansson.
He doesn't like it. It's sightless. Wasn't a Walter Lansson. He did what he would. What he would picker. Ted.
Gil Segal from WK 18. A command was how seven votes. Todd with shoe Steve would seven. And Mr. G in last place would six. How appropriate is that?
He's going to be real upset about that up in Wisconsin. Is he up in Wisconsin? But I'm sure he's listening on the internet right now, Mr. G in between having a rip snorting good time. Yeah. He's got a cold.
He's got a little cool. Kind of like, Hans got a cold. Boy, that thing. Did you hear any of that yesterday from the Bahamas?
Now I get in my car to go to the pizza loft to meet Rimmer. And let me tell you again, you're not getting that free lunch from Rimmer because what a cost him to buy that new house.
He can't afford to buy you lunch. Seriously, you ought to see that house. And guess who lives in the same complex? Chris Chambers lives in there.
Eddie Jones from the dolphins lives. We are as we were driving out toward the pizza loft. He's giving me the. Oh, this one lives over here. And that's why that's why they got that big expensive house because important people live in there.
Not that they need that for people who can do in the old people only day 75,000 square foot house, but because all these other important people live in there, that's why he's there.
I reminded him that his neighbor in Coral Springs used to be Mischurch. So what does that tell you?
So don't assume that your life is going to get a lot better because you got important neighbors, Rimmer. Okay. He could do starts wars in the old season. What do you mean could?
That was the first one yesterday. Was I impressed? No. Nice house though. Good luck to you, Rimmer. You'll need it.
Here's our pool today. Who is the luckiest person on the face of the earth? Most success, least talent. I like this pool.
Oh, and wait until you hear this thing that I found thanks to CNN of all people. CNN is usually pretty dry, right? Where the hell is it? If I can find it, where the hell is it?
Like I said, wait until you hear it. It might not be today. I'll find it here somewhere. Say a website called am I aggravating am I something?
I can't find it. Like I said, you'll hear it one of these days on a show. Well, I have so much crap here. You know, that's the way it is.
I sure I'm sure I must have it here somewhere. Don't I Carlos? So think it's all the website. No, I got it here. So here it is. The website is am I annoying.com? Am I annoying?
But I'm not I'm small potatoes. And it's a web server. They have they specialize in people bitching about annoying people, which is not the same as our other pool today, but I just mentioned this in passing.
Oh, by the way, you'll also be pleased to know that we have a great show today because there are no spots. The whole station is void of spots today, which is probably why the sales department is in that seminar in Hollywood, where the railions were.
I think it's appropriate also that the railions were in that building first and our sales department is there, especially PD Lenny. And didn't I say to you this morning before you told me about the seminar?
Did I say that PD Lenny is definitely a railion that he's out of this world? Yes, you did. He is definitely not of this planet. There is no question about that.
Old leather poise. Is it the sun? Is that what makes people like that? How can he not have skin cancer then? Maybe he does. No, seriously, how can you how can you have like leather skin?
Whether it's from the heat from the sun and the heat and the all of the other all these things and not to still be alive. I don't understand it. It works for Ron Diaz, the cigar store Indian. He was an Indian. That was natural.
Don't be picking on them and be like putting a hand of grenade in your mouth and pulling the pins. I've never seen a man. Most and least annoying of 2002. Let me just give you a clue. Now a lot of these people when we get to this eventually, since we have no spots, we got a lot of time to do stuff.
We'll take a caller to here in there if we ever get any. See, I have a whole new attitude about that. I'm doing what I want to do and I'll have some stuff mostly, you know, our own, our stuff.
And then if we get some calls fine, if not, who cares? You know, because they suck anyway. It's part of my delusional thing. It has to do with my being here again. I come back here and I think, hey, something has changed. Nothing has changed.
The people here for the last 27 years never had anything to say. Have they got anything to say now? No, of course not. I've got to have anything to say about anything.
Other than JET, JET, but I'm glad to hear that Mo and Geldie both like Rich Garcia's feed. I'm very excited about that.
Because those people with the food fetish watch out for them. So guess who's number one on the most annoying list on this website? Mironoing.com. Martha Stewart.
And that's how I'm promising. Oh, yeah, at least annoying. They also have the hundred least annoying. And I have no idea who she is.
Misha or if it's even a she, I'm sure it is. Misha Barton. Who? Who is that? Now I could go back to the website and find out, but I'm not going to do that.
In fact, I don't know who any of these, you will. Here's our poll today. Let's get right to it, baby. Let's not waste any time.
Who's the luckiest person on the face of the earth? Most success. Least talent. Here's the list. Oprah. Larry King.
Tommy 50. Bill Gates. I know who you're voting for. Regis Filben. Jerry Springer. George W. Bush. Slice the loan. Merv Griffin. Tom Broca.
Barbara Walters. Madonna. M&M. Bruce Springsteen. I think that's a sense. And those are all mine.
Tom Bilti was your choice. Although that Barbara Walters and Oprah are contenders. Yeah. I thought you vote for Bill Gates. That was your choice.
Yeah, until you got to Barbara Walter. Oh, and what about what about Merv Griffin? He doesn't have a speech defect. But do you have any idea how much money he's doing? He's a multi-billionaire. I understand that.
I mean, he did. He did concoct some of those quiz shows. Indeed. Like that. Jeopardy is a matter of fact. Jeopardy. Squeal a fortune. Right. So at least he had some ideas and he doesn't have a speech defect.
Okay. So in other words, you're not going to be voting for Merv Griffin. No. Well, we'll see how the audience does with that. I think it's a magnificent poll. Oh, we got a call coming in. WQ I am. Are you crazy? It's you. F nerd. Is got no talent. He can't. What are you talking about? He was the first innovator with that kind of a skin magazine.
He was a genius. Well, I don't know about his talent. He may have had good business men that. And I guarantee you got legal. I was successful. Thank you. I heard you can't get laid at all. Much less a lot. Just giving my check. Nice going. In fact, I know something. I think we ought to get current slave this weekend. Call up a hooker or something. Get your connections and treasure around because friends just handed me my check. What about Carlos's check? Look at he sitting there like this with his hands out like a little puppy. Look at that. Come on. Let's get Carlos a couple of bucks. What do you say?
He said you're not getting paid this week. The company can't afford it. They brought me my checkers. I'm important. But he said you're really small potatoes. That's what he said. And I think he had an excellent point. Did that guy say Hugh Hefner? I mean, if there are legitimate suggestions that I left off of there, but I thought as usual, I put together a damn neat poll. I'll be talented. But he was a freaking genius to come up with a concept that the sea that's talent. Just because he doesn't play the piano or the skin flute or something like that.
I mean, that's how Goldstein. But anyway, in fact, maybe he should have been on the list. No, he was an innovator. He had some big ball before he came totally blacked out. Anyway, I think it's a good list. If you got some additions, that's fine. We'll consider them. Eric would be delighted to put them on there because he's got nothing but time these days. He's got all the time in the world up there. What would you laugh at about? He's got plenty of time on his hands. Listen, if he was talking about reconfiguring whatever he was talking about, then he's got time to do.
He's got a little bit of time to do this. He's got a little bit of time to do this. He's got a little bit of time to do this. He's got a little bit of time to do this. He's got a little bit of time to do this. He's got a little bit of time to do this. He's got a little bit of time to do this. He's got a little bit of time to do this. He's got a little bit of time to do this. He's got a little bit of time to do this. He's got a little bit of time to do this. He's got a little bit of time to do this. He's got a little bit of time to do this. He's got a little bit of time to do this. He's got a little bit of time to do this. He's got a little bit of time to do this. He's got a little bit of time to do this. He's got a little bit of time to do this. He's got a little
bit of time to do this. He's got a little bit of time to do the little bit of time to do this. He's got a little bit of time to do this The Hustle.
sure but see we could put the queen on there too they're
Pikers because they're bored into it no they're not Pikers well princess
Diamond she had all that money and everything yeah well how about the
Queen you don't think she's got a couple of bucks yeah do you think that when
she went to meet the now see she did go remember it was the last year of the
year before she was like trying to reach out to the people this is like after
the first scandals were blown out and she was making the tour and she went into
McDonald's but the one thing they made sure we found out was that she did not
eat there which is probably why she's still alive probably why she's still
alive the bitchy old queen they should probably go to burger king I thought the
best part of kitty Kelly's book the roles with the fact that Prince Philip
couldn't get her ass out of his beds because they have separate rooms you do
understand but she kept showing up at his bed because she like getting late she
liked that wicked worm man the queen now somehow and the queen mum oh can you
imagine anybody oh please don't she's dead she's dead she's safe in fact maybe
maybe we can this weekend we can pick clearance up with the queen mum huh I
wasn't gonna do and Bishop but somebody have scotted I think Sandy took off
with their body she was afraid the Dwight would keep looking at nasty crack but
at any rate yeah maybe we can get clearance because you got to start out slow
yeah the concept that we're gonna get him laid with somebody alive I think is
getting a little bit carried away don't you but like somebody who can't run away
huh he could come down to the next treasurer island appearance I'll make some
introductions yeah no introductions isn't gonna get the job done just do your
usual thing and bring a lot of drugs and booze and get somebody really get
get her plastered out of her skull and then maybe maybe there might be a chance
if he doesn't bite her I understand that why is he why can't he get laid he's
not he's not the worst looking guy I've ever seen he's not a good looking guy
that's for damn sure but he's not the worst looking guy in his building bad luck
is it bad luck I guess that's my penis bad luck bad technique like that's
sucking on the armpit whatever the hell he was doing with that one chick just
any better look see Carlos is looking to me like I'm making this up that's a
true story and the rumor was that she was a knockout that she was really hot
right and he was like like the right neuron elbow or something I don't know well
maybe he thought it was something else you know he hasn't had a lot of
experience so maybe he thought that that was the spot the good spot as in the
G spot well we'll get him straight now thanks again for the check clearance
love you in this part of the building and although Carlos hates you like
poison did he say he was gonna bring you your check he did not what what what
what does that mean what does that mean he told him another five days no he
didn't really yeah he did well what does that mean another five days based on
what today's payday I think it might be a joke you think it might be a joke
don't you know where we work I know I don't think it's a joke Carlos so listen
I'll tell you maybe the audience can bring you by some food over the weekend
draft some stuff off for some supplies 918 at 560 WQ I am yeah
parents just opened the door he's explaining the Carlos that the company can't
afford to pay those big bucks what was he getting paid today or not he is
getting paid see just fun and with you see he's got a he's got to have fun with
somebody in fact maybe well hey pompadoparks speaking of fun is a great place
to go any night and the every day seven days a week we got live
simle casting from all around North America harness racing high life
thoroughbred racing at its best that's every single day seven days a week
four nights a week we got harness racing like tonight live Monday Wednesday
Friday and Saturday for his post on 715 in the pan there is free general
parking at pop and a park there is free clubhouse and grandstand admission
every afternoon and evening and don't forget Monday racing is back at
pompadopark which means that Monday madness is back to every Monday night
pompadopark offers a two for twenty five dollar full-court dinner special
if they're lavish top of the park restaurant didn't include salad choice of
entree on trade specials potato veggie dessert nice tea all of these things
only two for twenty five bucks on Mondays come off for a great evening
of great horse racing action Roohama winner from the rail say come on Brian
Brian Sears he's the best man he's great treat yourself to a private box
seat on the fourth floor or enjoy a Ben and Jerry hotpot Sunday was slice of
or still is pizza I shouldn't have said he's the best because then my close
friend Wally Hennessy and Brucey Ranger will get upset like I said they're all
pretty damn good and don't forget that every Wednesday at popadopark it's
dollar night you can get a draft beer hot dog soda large press or popcorn for
just a bucket piece and don't forget Don Braindard while you're at it there's
also a great all you can eat buffet on the fourth floor players lounge only ten
ninety five per person every racing night and also her old snoggrass
pompadopark this is the place where you can go and have a great time bring a
sack of money it's a wonderful joint they're on power line road of blocks out
of Atlantic Boulevard don't forget tonight live racing and cymbal casting as
well starting at seven fifteen at pompano harness
my life and look all this is four three oh five six
you way and way and oh you're a bastard
what you done
if I asked you to dance just for fun would you hop on my back okay
don't leave make me feel fine would you invade my home
tonight would you tremble yeah if I touched your lips would you love if I
home to your hands now I just I have to do the thing I love okay by invading my
for it yeah it looks just like a zero baby oh I know I might expect some pain
here
If we danced, would you unbuckle my pants?
Yes!
Would you cry if I held my butt high?
All right!
Hold on and please, make me feel fine.
And just invade my whole tonight.
Oh, we're fine.
Hold please, invade my whole tonight.
That's one of those that just doesn't age.
You know what 924 at 560 WQAM?
How is that vote coming?
We got a battle on our hands.
On our poll, we have 33 votes on air
whose the luckiest person on the face of the earth
most success least talent.
Oprah's got 12 and George W.
W. W. W.
W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W.
W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W.
W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W.
W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W.
W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W
as the frogs fart.
I was going to say clearance, but I don't want to pick on them since I got my check.
Poor clearance. What are we going to do about that? See, actually Carlos was going to get paid today,
but then they looked at the program log today here at Beasley.
And he said, well, anybody that we can kind of like hold back on, probably a good idea.
They know they can't hold back on my check because they've diddled with my money for too long.
Too many different times. This probably wouldn't be a good week to do it.
So they didn't do it.
But in Carlos's case, what's he going to say?
I'm walking out. Oh, okay. Well, see you.
Have a nice life. Thanks for all your magnificent efforts. That's what they would say.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Line.
I must have done a really good job on that because when the first call that I punched up said,
you have no. I mean, that wasn't even close.
That wasn't even in the same category.
This is a guy who invented one of the most successful magazines and concepts.
Not just a magazine. Look at all the imitators.
You got hustler and pen house and 8 million other ones.
But Playboy was the first and also the combining not just the pictures, the nudity,
but also the articles and the intellectual stuff that's appeared in there over the years.
That was a genius to do that.
The facade of credibility.
Right. That's right. That was a freaking genius. Who did that?
I think. Here's Hollywood. Hello.
I'm on hold. It's ripping me.
Hello.
We're ripping who? Which asshole is this?
Hello?
Which asshole are we talking to?
How are you?
Who is it?
Andy?
Oh, Andy. It's Andy. I'm a whole.
So like I said, they're all sitting there having a little circle jerk.
I don't even want to tell you who just called online.
Nine, obviously, from out of town.
Let me guess. Mr. G.
No. Better than that.
He was very disheartened that he wasn't on the pole.
Oh, he wasn't on the pole and he called from out of town.
Let's see. How many guesses do I get?
Give me a clue.
The abullion guy.
Oh, no.
The abullion guy are only long distance.
At least Mr. G used to live here.
But the abullion guy who lives in New York.
See, I want to tell you very seriously.
Now, whether you like New York or you hate it, the fact of the matter is it's a very vibrant,
exciting place. There's lots of stuff going on.
Just you can go out on like 42nd Street and buy a slice of pizza.
You know, I mean, if Rudy Giuliani didn't get rid of that before he left office,
he'd ban just about all that street-vending stuff, which was another reason he was a real prick.
But the guy's coming in New York and his whole life revolves around listening to this show
and faxing this show and calling this show with his rather ebillion, ebillion, the comments.
He's an asshole, this guy.
He may be the worst of them all when you come right down to it.
Crotic or stalker.
No, no, no. Just the worst asshole of them all.
And then he's also got this other guy who must be his agent who was sending us the affections about,
oh, well, this guy moved down here and left his wife so we could come down here and meet you with the hockey game.
Oh, my God.
This must be the guy that had his kick kick in the back of my seat at the game the other night,
trying to get my attention.
Because that little kid was pretty ebillioned.
I'd like to make him a little bit less ebillion, like with a 2x4 would be good.
But I'm not going to get started on that again because the room around town was that there's some heads rolling at the macaroon
and I'm after my tie-rate yesterday. I see it when I believe it and I'll believe it when I see it.
Not too sure about that. Look at that. George W is moving into first place.
Oh, right. 26 votes for W.
Hey, listen, he wants to hold that baseball team and the Texas Rangers.
And Oprah's got not just hands again, 29 for W and 24 for Oprah.
Everybody else is sucking wind, man. Everybody else is way back in a pack.
Look at that. Larry King has got six Bill Gates and Eminem are tied with four.
Jerry Springer, three Madonna, a pair, sliced alone, two.
Regis Filman, a pair.
Everybody's got at least one vote except Tom Broke on now.
Tom Broke on.
Barbara Alder has won. That's just probably to pass if I your asked.
Thank you. Somebody voted for Barbara.
But Tom Broke, who also I think has a much worse speech defect than Barbara Walters has none.
See, at least she's not doing the timely news.
I mean, I know she's doing all those interviews.
That does make a difference, but the fact is there doesn't have to be any credibility associated with that.
It's a positive guy who's like on one of the three major networks pretending to be a news anchor.
All of these are always replacing people like Chad Huntly, David Brickley and John Chancellor.
And here comes on.
Mark, who can't speak at all.
And he's a news anchor and only in a country like America with people say, oh yeah, I like NBC news.
I'm Mark.
And they've also got Brian Williams waiting in the wings to replace him who's 50,000 times the news casted on Mark.
I will ever be.
And yet America is just creatures of habit.
You know, it's like the comfort zone.
He's there every evening, you know, once in a great while when he's working.
And there he is. Oh, yeah, Tom Mark.
Maybe his lips is paralyzed.
I know the poll.
He cannot speak.
I'm not exaggerating. It's not my imagination.
He cannot speak and he's anchoring the freaking news.
What does that tell you about America?
We got a few problems over here, especially since Ontario court strikes down law and medical parts.
Oh, yeah.
Which I have right here part of Canada's marijuana law has been blown away.
Superior court justice, Sydney Letterman says it's unfair to allow people to smoke medicinal marijuana
and then force them to buy it from a drug dealer.
The Ontario judge declared the rules for medical use of marijuana as unconstitutional.
In a 40-page ruling released yesterday, he gave Ottawa six months to fix the regulations,
which are supposed to give eligible people an exemption from the law that makes marijuana illegal.
How do you like that?
It says the ruling is the latest blow to marijuana laws in Canada.
Earlier this month, the judge throughout possession charges against the Windsor Ontario team,
16-year-old kid, on a technicality arising from the regulations.
Lawyer and longtime cannabis crusader Alan Young says the latest ruling is another clear sign
that the law's prohibiting possession of small amounts of marijuana are crumbling in Canada, A.
It's another nail in the coffin and this is a big nail, he said,
and he laid it young said after learning of the ruling.
We feel it will be appealed, but it's the light at the end of the tunnel.
I can't really see the law maintaining any operation after this year.
It's sitting on a really precarious foundation.
How do you like that, huh?
Canada, right there, our neighbor to the north that everybody's always making fun of.
Because they're curling in all this other bull crab.
And here they're like socially a hundred years ahead of us and moving rapidly into the real, like a real place.
While we continue being stifled and moving backward with this right wing bunch of fascists that we got up there in Washington now,
from George W. and John Ascroff and this whole bunch of very little Nazis.
Sad, very, very sad.
And let me say it again, I don't want to get too political here because we don't want to piss off the right wingers.
Do we hear them?
The fact of the matter is that unless you're a multi-millionaire, just as you saw what his latest tax cut proposal is,
unless you're a multi-multi-millionaire, or you're a born-again, fanatical right wing, a Bible thumping abortion,
hating a fetus-squeezing Christian, or both of the above, there is no reason in the world why you should be on the side of this crap.
None.
Zero.
Zipity.
It's inconceivable that anybody with a brain-christ, there's the problem.
Unless you're one of those aliens, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, here's a call from a four-letter deal. Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, oh, who found him?
Whatever. What happened to both?
Did Ken Block get in his buddy that up?
Ken Block wasn't on the pool.
Why?
Because nobody knows who that is anymore.
He's been gone that long.
Oh, yeah.
What about that?
Who was that on the guy's dad?
In addition to what's that, that's yesterday's pool, okay?
Get with it.
What's this guy hucking me about yesterday's pool?
We got a new pool up here.
And this guy, did you know that President Lincoln got shot?
He did?
Oh, my God.
Right in the head.
What is that?
Plus that guy had a crappy, sounding phone.
I don't want to start, you know, especially after the last three days,
asking for like perfect phone calls, but that was bad.
The quality technically was horrendous, and the material was grotesque.
And by the way, muff stop eating those damn brownies you lunatic.
Uh oh.
Right outside the door.
I guess he wants to hang around a building all day.
He will not be going, don't be going out to launch either if you're smart.
I guarantee you.
In fact, what you should do is get one of those from him and look on the label
and see whether I already did the second ingredient, multitall.
Mmm.
Fuck.
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, how about you, that full of Patrick here?
How about Dennis Miller, Wayne Heizinger, and Rick Sanchez?
No.
Ferrell granted bond while appealing DUI.
I mean, Wayne, he's talking about talent.
He kidnapped me, a master manipulator.
I mean, a guy was in a garbage business.
He was smart.
He was in a garbage business.
Started with a truck.
Started with one little garbage truck.
And then, of course, he was in that music video business, blockbuster.
Who's going to build us that blockbuster park, big stadium, do all of these things?
And all he did was keep screwing a public over, screwing them over.
You got to give somebody credit for that, whether you like them or not, which we don't.
Give him credit for that.
That's a talent, making millions while screwing others over.
In fact, maybe that's one reason that disqualifies his own president
even though he's pulling away like crazy now.
37 to 26 from Oprah.
Every now and then, that is based on his own ability.
He's just going along.
I heard if he had the ability, he'd be like Alex Bennett.
The former FBI agent, this makes me sick even though most of you don't seem to give a crap.
The former FBI agent convicted of drunken reckless driving in a wrong way crashed.
The killed two brothers is not a danger to the community or likely to flee to avoid serving his jail time in Judge Roliers today.
Robert County Circuit Judge Mark Gold ordered David Ferrell released on $10,000 bond
while he appeals his misdemeanor convictions for drunken driving and reckless driving.
I have before me a man facing a misdemeanor charge and that's all I can consider Gold said,
I can't treat him different than anybody else.
Gold sentenced Ferrell yesterday to 90 days in jail for the reckless driving
with a sentence to be served concurrently with a 90-day drunk driving sentence imposed on Wednesday.
First time offenders convicted of those charges rarely serve any jail time prompting Ferrell's attorney to term the 90 days sentence vindictive.
Now see this is what I call Hutzpah.
If you were him or his attorney wouldn't you be kissing the ground at this point that he only got the 90 days say,
okay when do I start let's get it over with.
When do I start that's only 45 days per dead guy that he killed?
A bargain.
Yeah.
And twice the price.
He's not even going to have to go to Oz.
It's funny I should go into this after I mentioned Rick Sanchez's name, you know.
Anyway, well he you know he just had to go home and get a few things together and come back to the stadium.
Well if you get upset from hitting a guy don't you need a little drink to calm your nerves.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T of Ryzen Line.
Here's Miami hello.
Hello, Nail.
Yes sir.
Good morning.
Wait a minute.
Don't have a computer like to give a bone float.
Okay.
I'm going for Jennifer Lopez.
Yeah, but he's got a great ass.
Well, have ass will travel I guess.
Thanks Nail.
Thank you so much.
JLo he said.
I mean, you know, he's got a good point.
He sure gets a lot of notoriety.
She know the tabloids.
They got her ass on every goddamn street corner.
And then there's that video with Ben Affleck.
Anybody believe in that?
No.
Well, that wedding's already postponed.
Matt Damon got very jealous.
He came between them.
He came between them.
Squared Squared is what we heard.
So anyway, the deal is we're not putting her on there.
I don't know.
Although if we can put Madonna on there, what do you think?
No.
He gave me the wrinkled nose look.
He said forget about it.
I mean, I think just because she's got the big ass, I mean, that isn't a talent, but it's an attribute.
It's a trait.
Right.
It's like, how about Anna Nicole Smith?
What?
You don't think she belongs on that list?
Yeah.
She does.
She's got a wrong guy named TV show.
I don't know.
Stay tuned.
Let's put her on there, Eric.
Anna Nicole Smith.
I think she definitely belongs on there.
I mean, she's also got a big ass, but unlike JLo, she's just, uh, anxious and obnoxious
and despised by most.
Anybody with a brain.
She is a real piece of turd.
Although her money didn't come so much from the TV show and all the other way.
It came from that old man that she, uh, off.
I mean, I'm Mary J Howard.
Right.
J Howard, uh, Marshall.
David.
22 before 10 at 5.
60 WQ AM.
Hey, it's a new year.
And if you want to lose some weight this year, because a lot of you made resolutions that
you were going to lose weight.
And a lot of you really packed on some extra pounds during those holidays, which is always a very convenient excuse.
Here's a store that can help you do a delights of West Bokeh.
It's a mega store for the Atkins Diet or any low carb sugar free diet.
It's the place that you've been waiting for because the entire store is dedicated to helping you out.
Everything they have in there is good for you.
Unlike the supermarket where you have like, maybe a handful of items and forget about all the rest.
So join the thousands who travel to Delights.
They've got over 600 delicious low carb food products like their new control carb,
chocolate, brownies, and forced-crumpcious flavors.
Only one and a half carbs, which muff is sucking on one right now and a brownie, too.
So whether it's carbolodized, ice cream, bread, chips, muffins, seascapes, pasta, and sauces.
Delights of West Bokeh is the place you want to be shopping.
Don't forget you can try anything in the store, try it before you be buying it.
They got an eligible staff who really know their crap inside and out.
They're open 70s a week, 10 to 10.
And they carry the most complete extensive line of Atkins Branch products in the universe.
Always 25% off all day every day.
Everybody and their brother again now is talking about Atkins because they haven't been able to poo-poo it to do it.
Because the new studies are showing it really works for people better than just about anything else.
So head for the number one low carb sugar free store in the world.
Delights of West Bokeh on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market.
Be sure and tell them that PDL in the old leather percentage you buy.
You can call them at 1877 Low Carb Tool Free or check them out on the web at lowcarb.com
Delights of West Bokeh.
Live at the local, this is 560.
The radio is all yours now.
Q&A!
Why the you bastard?
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it
I'm not afraid I bet the size about feeling bad, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it and then nest them to break my fun
Oh, oh, oh, over and over again, so I would not be used for more夠, now, and I would not be ashamed
about a ginger and bogey union just bold and then stroking away
boy baby, can we you're not my type?
you sound like a nine year old kid
only a macho melancholy guy
you don't know it
that makes me lift my wig
if ginger was a lover of mine
I'd bury my oldest baby nose
inside his imply rear end
it's better
no I would not be a sport home
if I was not a closet of faith
that's why a ginger and bogey union
would make me feel dizzy and gay
everybody follow my thousand walls
yeah ginger and bogey union
would make my sorrows only a skill safe
if we had a ginger and bogey union
then he wouldn't have to get me raped
it's 9.44.560 WQM we got the man dog at one
Hank Goldberg from the Bahamas again
I'm sure hope Hank's cold is a better day
and the phone line is better too
I started telling him before and I got interrupted
by my paycheck or something
thanks again clearance
it didn't even sound like him yesterday
I turned on the radio on the way to Flores
I mean to Pizza Lock
and well they're coming back on the ear with us
we got to get a plug in there somewhere
got only nose when the damn spot start PD
last night he can't hear me they're in that seminar
when you think that when you look at the log today
that they should be spending a day
a whole day on a seminar
as opposed to be out selling
getting some anyway
so it didn't sound like him did you think
I had listened for a couple of minutes
to make sure it was a hopper
because it between the cold and the bad phone line
anyway here's a fact that says
see the writing
so you know where it was from
the Wingman Paul
who's very upset that he wasn't on the chronic list
see the thing was chronic
not pusses
chronic you're just a puss the Wingman Paul
you're just like a pimple on the side of the universe
not even the same category with these other fine people
bad news
bad news for you
Wil McDonough that speaking of pimply faces
you know you guys don't know who that is
you've seen him on TV
George hasn't because he doesn't watch any sports
really really
he write his complexion
Boston sports writer for years and years
for for a long time
he used to be on all the time
I'm like the pregame shows and stuff like that
Wil McDonough died in Boston last night
he was 67
he died?
yeah
off a lot of that going on lately you know what
off a lot of people dying
here's a fact that says
Hank interviewed a guy of 345
yesterday named Harold Rose
oh that's a horse trainer
I think
is that Harold Rose the horse trainer
who's about 400 years old from a call
to Gulfstream whatever
a dead ringer for an old Jewish guy named Isaac it says
please listen to the tape any minute I was waiting
from to say step away from my car you big MF
Harold Rose I'm pretty sure that's who that is
but I could be wrong what's all the wine on
not too much about the thoroughbreds
although it will not before you know it will be
time for the triple crown again
and our good close personal friend Dave Johnson be calling in again
our Jewish friend Dave here is Jennifer in Miramar
that was your best line of all time and very quick to
very quick you know he should have thank you for that the
moment said trying to get your ass can he should have
thank you for covering up his obnoxious stupidity
his knee one of yours and George says I didn't know a
day was Jewish that was cute
Jennifer says unfortunately in this country we let clearly
guilty FBI agents get off scoffery while poor old
men from Tamarack who punched an elderly man for telling his wife to
shut up is being charged with first degree man slaughter
after the elderly man fell and hit his head he later died
I guess from head injuries his bail is ten thousand dollars
where's the fairness in our justice system well that's right Jennifer you
right there he can't complain about the fairness in the
American justice system because there isn't any
well look at this somebody just thanks me the story that's already on our
website but thanks anyway Russ and Coco
couldn't what about the secret war on condoms by Nick
Christoph and New York Times today it's on our website
but he does have one paragraph a circle here that says over the last two
years conservative groups in president bush and support
base have declared war on condoms in a campaign that is
downright weird but that if successful could lead to
millions of death from AIDS around the world
and it goes on it's on our website there's a lot of great stories on
there we should point out to you as a matter of fact look what I
had sitting here next in my pile the secret war on condoms by
Nick Christoph how do you like that huh how do you like them apples
not that i'm gonna read it i don't want to start reading a lot of bedtime
stories we don't want to get too newsy
do we know i don't have these calls on here what
when you see you just don't get it at all you are such
your problem there's no quite i think most gotta point you're a problem
you just don't know when to zig and when to zag just like your crappy pulls
but i mentioned this to you the other day and i never got around to it because
we had such a fantastic show strap on aircraft to be sold on ebay this isn't
some uh something that's made up
although it is from strains news ap ever wanted your very own personal
flying machine now's your chance to get one but you'll have to shell out
some serious cash and resist the urge to take it out for a spin
the solo trek xfv i wonder if that's like solo sex the solo trek xfv
which made its maiden flight in december 2001
it's scheduled to go on sale today on ebay it's good thing i'd see
timely it's a good thing i waited till today with the starting bit of about
fifty grand michael mosher chief executive of trek
aerospace and a relation to harness driver mark mosher
or gerry mosher the military funded company designing the machine
expects the final price in the seven-day auction with
seed of million dollars the prototype is only
hovered a few feet off the ground in tests but it is built to zoom up to
sixty nine miles an hour for a hundred miles carrying a person that weighs up
to one hundred eighty pounds two overhead ducted fans lift the gas-powered
machine and a standing operator steers with a joystick in each hand
well there's nothing like having a joystick in each hand
we didn't want to let it attest at higher than we were willing to fall mosher
set engineers at trek aerospace we tied the prototype last summer to
concentrate on a second-generation model with better
joysticks and a smoother engine the sunny-vale-based company hopes to sell
personal flying machines to the military allowing soldiers to pass over swamps
minefields and other rough terrain pass over the company studying whether
consumers would use its craft which theoretically could ascend to ten thousand
feet this is great put that damn ginger thing what do they call it uh... the
scooter segway puts to put that segway thing to shame
who now wants to know that i mean it's like those little kids out there in those
scooters there's no difference here this is something that would actually get
you in the air and you i could probably get from home to work here like about
two minutes
the winner of the auction must sign a contract promising not to fly the
prototype use it for exhibition only
motion expected to sell the aluminum and titanium machine-to-a museum or aviation
enthusiast maybe how it used
it's a kind of different aircraft he said it has a tremendous amount of historical
and hysterical value so that may be uh... an amusing and strange story right now
but today is coming if they don't blow up the world first
we've heard them talk about these things remember sure all the time
they have prototypes i can just see all the answers there like a cemetery village
and where my mother lives there in hollywood all these other condo complexes
poppin in their little strapping those babies on
course you can only weigh one eighty
yeah well most of them are thin and emaciated those old parts
they've got that kind of post-outfits look like the dutch but i'll start me again
on the dutch i told the uh... well never mind i don't want to get back to that
joan jenny a thing anyway because they won't listen to me anyway whatever i
tell them they do the opposite
he's just a hardass
here's my me hello
how about christopher loll you check it
christopher loll is uh... on this other pool i'm glad that you mentioned that
where the hell is the other park can't find that damn thing i keep losing it
maybe there's a reason for that
you think that it's like fate that i can't i keep losing at them uh...
it's gone
it's here in my pile somewhere god damn it there's the oh here it is
christopher loll comes in the see this is a different thing we didn't ask who's
the most annoying we asked who's the luckiest person on the face of the earth
most success least talent christopher loll doesn't have the kind of notoriety
around the world that these other people have these other people on our very
very finalist today are known worldwide all around the universe from here to
your reinies christopher loll did come in number six on the most annoying
list on uh... m i anoint dot com you want the top ten
yet for a starter
martha steward
angely heriode i have no idea who that is do you
sharyl swoops sorry
basketball
swoops plays hoops
sharyl swoops she's like w n b a
oh well we know what that means
salva stockbroker who is salva style is that i got some sure like soprano or
something three for three
tina arena
a foe foe
christopher loll six johnathan edward seven we know who that is he's out of this
world speaking that most judomas is number eight
what's he done lately
made some mistakes
no well bush is number nine now now we're getting warm now we're going to
something we know and can uh... really
cozy up to you we hear she's doing really well
and then kirtis is number ten anybody who that is no
then kirtis
yoko onal is number eleven we know who that bitch is
chris evan's number twelve i don't know who was law slush your doctor was number
thirteen let's hear it out right wing bitch that self-hating orthodox jub
heraldi rvera's number fourteen
m i anoint dot com makes it number fifteen on their own website in other words
being the most annoying
tia leone is sixteen anybody know who that is actress
hedecky tojo
deniel riz joy but a foo goes nineteen judge june
he is number twenty all there now there is a bitch how do you like to just
slack the crap out of that picture that's what she needs
she needs to be horsewhip and the new dually
twenty one david lyrical lyrically i have not missed the old twenty two
c if you go back to this website which was certainly not going to waste the time
with that but if you go to m i anoint dot com and then you can click on each one
of these now have like a little bird while who these people are all just
looking at look at this elwan hubbub is number thirty three even though he's
been dead for like eighty-eight thousand years
hillary made number twenty seven all i love this list
paul and jane crotch are number twenty five
hallelujah hillary twenty seven
osama's twenty nine uh... tyson's thirty one elwan hubbub thirty three
guess who's number thirty four let me give you a clue and i certainly can
carry belongs on his list most uh... annoying by by by just in tinkerbell
is number thirty four twenty blast thirty five no that's bad
why is he annoying their brittalfodes uh...
and you'll you'll be very upset when he hears number thirty six
off with levin
was just watch whatever video martin never to low was thirty eight john walker
limter so martina beats out john walker lend
she's thirty eight he's number thirty nine
that said although i will say he looks a lot more much within she does
no i take that back she looks how is echo um big dick doubly
who
my saying that right how do you which word you put the uh... center one big
dick doubly was it
he's number forty four the view is forty five the whole show is annoying
i'll be honest say
bill clinton forty eight shaman you jalo fifty one for that guy well him at
our fifty two louis ferricon fifty three a lot of wonderful names on this
rodney king fifty four jib bush fifty five
and keep in mind this is a nationwide thing
and the jiffs to made it on their how come the president make it on
don't you find that a little bit bizarre that George w did make it on his
they've missed it
uh...
no he's not on here i don't think
roseo donald fifty six jimmy swagger fifty seven
beret bonds fifty eight linda tri fifty nine banyan sixty
pat robert's in sixty two season uh... powder sixty three i don't know anybody
you remember remember that bitch
cindy adam sixty six josh josh hearted sixty seven he's annoying
he squints a lot
and he made a movie about him in his penis but
jerry fallwell o s club seven i agree with that point those
s club seven juniors also can you are there any attractive people on that
now and they're also have a group called s club junior juniors is what i'm
hearing
jerry fallwell sixty nine
oh he'd be upset here it was sixty nine
madeline gorman to good
is seventy do we know that is
the the two good bitch the uh... the iris traveler that's mackerel oh oh oh
out of sight out of mind out of the tube abroad yeah
the shoplifter
uh... slobby homelosevic is seventy two
i'm just jena and barber bush are seventy four
all right and i just just in but the whole group by by by
instinct seventy five dot all wildman seventy six
julie vermon seventy eight excellent
and the more men seventy nine all of them not just the one or two
not just donnie and marie we like donnie
and re eight eighty that bitch faith hill eighty one
jesse jackson eighty two
caratop eighty four jesse helms eighty five
randy moss eighty six
jennifer love hewitt eighty seven foster hewitt eighty eight
steps
all of that is this a british thing
is this a british or what i don't know about it
mmm
when they were if it was british would be dot com to these dot com
they do
now they use uh...
what
that's the o dot uk
uk uk
so this is an american thing and a lot of british stuff on here
uh... george orwell ninety
what a christ cardin ninety one christ kata
the christ an arondis arondis christ kata ninety one
george stybert ninety two american idol ninety three of the show
saline deon ninety six he deserves a lot higher than that
and cisco one hundred
well that they're cut you know
kind of the great reed syndrome that here cut
i think it's pretty good list
no two
damn good
pretty conspicuous by its absence the president of course these people probably
didn't want to be put away just kind of like you know disappear
uh...
we're sports radio five six
u a m
for david's the
bitch
uh...
w one two
top of the same
and no one will back
us
hard to tell which one is for insane
when it was the
sardis who attacked
w asked to finish that
i'd like
that is
who's in his
patience
order the troops to go give up their lives
for the world's biggest castation
uh...
white
guy
forehand
you
which
Five white-collared cries, except for your buddies and mom.
Fight line advice from Kanda Lisa Rice, because she works for Chibron.
That word would read you in that decaying.
Think more for a fight line as a good star, but theaters from all around the world agree.
You're a functioning retard.
The fight line at all costs white triad.
The life that we'll be lost can't buy it.
There's more important things to do.
What the hell is wrong with you?
Double you. Double you wants to invade you day.
That's the decision is rich.
Double you just has it same as you say.
Oh somebody in each.
Oh right.
10-0-2-5-60-WQM.
Welcome back to highly rated Neo-Rodger show.
At least it used to be.
Now, a week from today, I got the paycheck today.
That's good. So the tenths turned out well.
Regardless of anything else that happens.
You still living at your check?
Carlos is sitting there and he don't know what to do.
I don't know what to do.
Why don't you spend it now anyway?
You'll get it maybe.
And if not, we don't really care anyway.
But now a week from today is the book is coming out.
The fall rating book.
Now this, I've been saying this for a while,
but I really think this is going to be the definitive thing.
Do you know what I mean?
No, what do you mean?
I don't know.
I just, I don't know. I just think it's going to be,
tell us something.
It will tell us something.
Of course it always tells us something.
So it's not exactly going out on the limb.
Oh, I guess what Al Goldstein got kicked off that flight.
When you people stopped faxing us this stupid story
it was in yesterday's paper.
I do read the papers.
We talked about it briefly here on the year as much.
Publicity as fat-al is going to get from us.
And that's it.
Coming this morning, there's a copy of the story
in the mailbox out there.
We know all about fat-al Goldstein.
Now, you have to have to play because he's got a big fact
in his heart that's like a disgusting mouth
and nobody likes him, okay?
And what?
It's his birthday today.
Do you see what I mean about him?
We don't care.
He's in New York anyway.
We don't care even if he wasn't in New York
if he was in Palpatau sitting on that big finger
that he's got to stick up and inter-coastle.
We still wouldn't care.
We were talking about him at the Pizza lot last night at length.
You know he was there a week ago?
No.
Ponytale luckily wasn't there but he was in there a week ago.
with his gigantic size 92 shorts and his flag jacket.
Your friend, here's some really terrible news.
Jewelieberman to run from president.
Senator Joe Lieber, a Jewelieberman Democratic Connecticut,
reportedly intense announced next week he'll run for president in 2004.
Oh, I mean, I mean, I look at this in the same category as the Raylions.
Same, same category.
You people in the media will report anything as if it's serious.
I mean, okay, so he's got to run for president.
Does he have any chance?
No, no.
Any chance if they rig the election, if they brought the Bush families'
rigors in it.
No.
No.
He couldn't win an election for dog catcher.
The former vice presidential candidate, an addition to which here's the guy that
cost-gore the election.
You can look at a lot of people, Nader, the people at Stolett, Catherine Harris,
what's your name up there in Palm Beach?
What was your name, that bitch in Palm Beach County?
Heather Harris.
No, no, no, she's not a pilot board.
Teresa LaPore, very good.
You could blame those people, but it certainly was Jew leave or minute cost.
I mean, gore could have certainly won, maybe Arkansas, maybe his home state of Tennessee,
but having an orthodox Jew who even, a lot of us Jews find objectionable and obnoxious,
and wears it on his sleeve, goody-tooth shoes.
Who was doing that finger pointing at the president?
Yeah, that's right.
Who was doing that whole, holier than now business about Monica?
And that's staying on the dress that used to be there for my drudge gun to hold of it.
Wonder how he got it out, do you think he shouted it out?
Yeah, he said, went it out, shouted out.
Okay, man.
I heard he's a screamer.
Oh, and that was bad.
Now you're gonna get Lynn all upset.
Are you upset, Lynn?
No, she's not upset.
One thing about her, she don't give her crap.
She's been around a block too long.
Nothing bothers her.
Lynn Samuels, we're talking about her close personal friend.
That's for you, sweetheart.
And by the way, asshole.
I don't mean, I don't mean you, but she likes hearing asshole on her,
because she wishes she could say it.
So when she fills in that summer on a show, she can say asshole else she wants.
Oh, I forgot to tell you.
The former Vice President of the National Candidate made his plans
no money at a meeting with Connecticut Democrats.
The new haven registered reported on Wednesday.
Lieberman would join a growing list of Democrats, hoping to spur Republican President George W.
is expected re-election bid.
I got news for it.
Was this audience voting for the re-election?
And gonna happen, W. They hate you like poison.
Look at that pool, which I'll get to momentarily.
Senators John Kerry of Massachusetts and on John Edwards in North Carolina,
Vermont Governor Howard Dean, a relation to Timmy Dean,
and former House Minority Leader Dick Gebhard of Missouri,
have announced they'll all work.
Tom Dachel says, uh-uh, Al Gore says, no way Jose.
And that's it.
I like John Kerry a lot.
I don't think he could win.
Do you think John Edwards can win?
I mean, I don't...
He's to me, very bland.
Full of crap.
He's got tons of money he talks about being like the Everyman.
We're talking about the psychic medium.
Oh yeah, right. Jonathan Edwards.
He said he has a will to win.
Ben Curtis is the actor who plays Steve the annoying Dave.
Oh, dude, you're gonna get a del guy.
Yeah.
Thank you very much to every semi-disinformation.
This is unsurprisingly not high enough.
Dude, you're gonna get it.
He's so annoying.
I had to take him off the spot, except for the one spot
they run where he's in the house at the end.
Oh, dude, we're getting another del.
He's all high and his brother likes to smash him in the head.
Boy, at least I'll say this much for the del people
in their ad agency.
They realized they had pushed America too far
with that piece of crap.
They pushed everybody a little bit too far with Steve
who was in the beginning.
It was amusing, you know?
In the beginning.
After the first 40,000 times though,
since they do run in enormous amount of spots,
he started to wear a little bit thin, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, but now they have the almost as annoying interns.
Now, they're not the same category.
It says, I hope you won't hold us against me,
but I listened to the goddess yesterday.
And she played the F-word.
She has a few of the same bits and drops.
Are these from a comedy service or just ripping you off?
Well, in that particular case, just ripping us off.
That's not from a...
Or was it from a comedy service?
It was.
PS, how about a poll about the best caller?
I.E. fraternity guy, the happy-poor-am-lady.
Didn't we do that?
You had best bits and best calls were on there,
like Bridgetender.
Yeah, there aren't that many memorable calls that you can take a poll on.
There's what, like, four?
And if Bridgetender won the best bits?
It's certainly going to win that.
In fact, the fraternity guy didn't even do all that great on the best bits,
even if that individual day.
Much less the overall...
P-O or about favorite drops.
We already did favorite drop.
Our favorite drop ends, like...
Okay, well, let's do...
How about this one?
Number two.
Number three.
Number four.
And number five.
Which one do you like best?
And then there's always...
Number one.
Or...
Number two.
And then, of course, for...
N-2.
N-2.
Nicole is number three.
And the well, too.
Let's see.
Here's what it says.
This is a very familiar who's this from.
Or maybe this is W. L. Del Rey, what does that look like?
Does that Tim Posfax?
Yes.
You should know why now.
Yes.
Is it...
Purphrosli chapped it off at the top so we wouldn't see his name.
I'm sure that.
We were on the attempt. I'm not a fan but Madonna and Eminem are both talented
whether you like them or not and whether spelled W-E-T-A-T-E-R is it snowing in
Toronto. Raya Kirin our city will honor the type of no-toucher she'd be on your
list. Yeah we could have put her on there. I mean he's what is he doing now which
one of these stupid shows is he the hosting now? He's hosting a show. Oh yeah.
Star Search. Star Search that's right. Now we got Star Search we have all of these
reality show which is the laughing itself. None of which have anything to do with
reality and they all suck. You got the Joe millionaire billionaire you got
Star Search you got this is like I have a dozen these shows not. The bachelor
and the bachelor rat right. I mean oh just it just wears me out. I don't watch
any of them. It still wears me out. See they got away from the whole premise and I
will say this at least MTV once upon a time understood what it was all about.
They put hot looking people on there then they started putting ugly looking
people on there. Nobody's nobody's ever even talked about those shows.
I mean bad world I don't know if you'd like any of the people on there but all
the girls are. What do you mean you don't know if I'd like any of the people on
there? Maybe one of them. Oh that's right no I pointed out the show and you said
that the guy that all the girls are going crazy about the gross was gross so
although I do like guy gross but he's you know it's another story. Bando
Denomen. I think I'm gonna play Bando Denomen until one o'clock just the same song
over and over what do you say in fact what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna segue it with
Moe and the ginger the reunion which I just played. Yeah let's do that. Bando
denomen segwayed with the ginger and Moe reunion. That was my idea by the way
it's about time I took credit for something huh not that I could have ever done
what he did but all you gotta do is plant the little seed and that fertile mind
of Bokobrine and amazingly it sprouts it like an evil wild out of control thing.
It says I have a friend who did six months in Stark for a DIY man slaughter
too bad he had he a cop could have gotten if he would I see what he tried to say
Timmy we're illiterate what you're trying to say is if he would have been a
cop he could have gotten off right 90 days suspended a sentence there's two
people dead and nobody gives a crap but I'm not gonna get excited about it anymore
because it's obvious the fix is in here man you just they don't care they don't
care they care not to care and they want you to know about it too it's always been
that way I guess just not being here once in a while you forget about it look
at a poll look at that poll that is just shocking who is the luckiest person on
the face of the earth most success least talent George W Bush has got 120
Oprah who's in second place has got 40 now why would I think that it was
gonna be a real race and in a cool Smith who was the late addition which
almost left her out 28 well deserve bitch big fat disgusting cow she's
got she's got a woman she's a cow hog oh Larry King 20 Larry don't be
trusted us Bill Gates 10 M&M 9 Jerry's bring your seven sliced the load seven
Barbara Walters I hate to report you and she and Regis only five Bruce
brings Dean four Madonna three Murr Griffin one and Hombroka's only got one see
they like Tom Broca Tom Broca my own and he's not you know
prop Nick I'm just shocked every time I see him and and not only that but it's
getting much worse I don't I watch Stan Rather every night now that old guy
will come and chastise me for that I watch Stan Rather religiously every night at
630 day it is great but once in a great while be channel surfing and I'll
see Tom or I you know it's getting worse it's getting much much much much
worse he can't speak of course our president can't speak so I guess it
don't make any difference
I don't want to go for as much as you know
you're a father should know you die struck on the head open the door and look on the floor
it's not the Lord of Mars but she ain't any more than writing so long it's best to
hold your mouth for a while the she knows
for a while the she knows
no doctor larry you're so wonderful I'm showing mothers in arms and large
Dr. larry is gonna thank you for your guys on trial to use my mother's wrist
and comfortably and comfortable now
psyched and only a skank
shower for the right wing radio pole
that got the Lord of Mind this thing in the door
psych of each never be long on the radio
Laura's mother should know that's fucking bitch
Laura's mother should know
he's every day you know
ten seventeen and five sixty good morning me
well and that story told me about how they had a separate dr.
was mother's body from the carpeting like with pliers they couldn't separate
it they couldn't separate because it was like mold melded it was melded
it was melded putrifying near on a floor for so long
that she and the carpet were like one they had to take the carpet and cut it around
it was like the doctor Laura and carpet reunion
they were like one five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty the greatest
email I've ever received in my life and I haven't been to an email that long because to me
it's a pin in the ass Lynn Samuel says I just like hearing you say my name on the radio
I don't care what you say although she doesn't want to hear an asshole she likes that
he's an asshole say she likes that five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty on a AT&T and Verizon well he's honest about it
that call we had before from Andy that was shocking that was so revealing
oh he's talking about me now he's not my whole he's talking about me
oh Jesus God this this is a guy allegedly with a wife allegedly with a job
and allegedly with a life when they fantom life
here's Weston hello
yeah sir yeah I actually I listen to Lynn I like her a lot
she used to come on for some guys malls burgundy sometimes in New York on their ABC channel
she's great people she was unlike on a Saturday night sometimes from like you know
four to nine if the Yankees didn't have a game or something that she's definitely got an opinion on things
but I want to tell you I saw our friend DeFo the other day out here in Howlanddale
yeah and I mentioned to him that what we love is billboards and that no matter what he thinks about what they're saying over there
where you are that a lot of people still stick up for him and the way things are going with this thing between you and Mo
who knows I mean because a lot of people talk about how wonderful it was with the first the worst team with Joe and DeFo and Guilty
and when the people call up and talk to other announcers on the radio like Hank they always refer to those guys
and they always refer to Goldie as you know but I mentioned today that Hank hates Mo like Poison I didn't mention that yet I'm sorry go ahead
yeah no yeah you did I think that was yesterday I mentioned that I hadn't mentioned that yet today I want to be sure mentioned that every day
yeah so he goes on like Poison Mo like Poison despises you yeah the the pole as a matter of fact I wasn't here so I wasn't but I have it under very good authority
that Hank was in the hall the other day singing a song that goes yo yo yo let's rate pole that's what I heard that's the that's the report
hate you like Poison though I don't know why but there's something there that's what I call my friends and when I have just a moment to leave a message I just say that yo yo yo let's rate Mo
yo yo let's rate pole yeah it's kind of catchy I find myself singing it in the shower
the new song the ginger and moge union when they talk about Mo putting his baldest nose in the crack of
uh... so
so
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha hey it's great
tell me for me miss him
I was sure wait hold on there's one and the guy on the pole who you didn't know not the guy from Dell there was another name
Andy Rothman you know he's from a arabel something or other somewhere you we would see on there like number 30 something
uh... Andy Rothman yeah no and the south of the south of the star he's from Howard Stern south of the star
oh okay he always calls up and makes fun of Howard's producer the guy
he's number four on the list he must be pretty damn popular no not written that popular is Andy you don't know Andy Rothman
no okay all right hey well listen thanks a lot for the time thank you say hi to the foe oh I will bye bye and don't forget
yo yo yo let's rate mo
it had to be about Hank hating mo like poison George W is got 135 votes Oprah's got 41 I mean it there is like it's not even a contest it's a
wapsided pool and in a cool Smith 38 Larry King 21 and Bill Gates 10 that the only ones in double digits I got a theory about why Oprah isn't doing as well as that
because she actually used to work for a living on her way up and stuff she actually she was like what a maid she was a yeah she was a reporter something like that
mm-hmm so actually did some work once upon a time he was in that movie the color of my ass whatever that what was that movie in the color of my purple veins
oh no it was that moment the color of my veins my Viraco's veins which they are purple is what the beast told me so we're gonna have the beast on as a guest on Monday
is going to tell all the stories about what really happened on a show how you got blown out of there by Mo where you getting your information 5 6 7 0 from a furry fat source 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the only 18 10 for
rising wireless line I think I might do this story here the truth about Bush's new tax cut also we got to get into that thing about the new hunt for
John Bane's murderer because her body's getting kind of cold also the bachelor rats she's no angel we were making out and Trista was moaning and
writhing going wild says source moaning and writhing she's ugly Trista you don't think she's ugly she's a former QAM QT he said
so there you go that proves it right there I forgot what she looked like because I never really want crap ok crap take take a look right there that picture there can you see it is there a glare on it that's her on the right there yeah that's one see they have this
picture here they got like all touched up they can make anybody look in these tabloids but the real pictures like this one here where she's got like look at that take take a
look you get that man she's nasty don't now please don't tell me that you think that she's hot I mean she's she's about as hot as as the North Pole walk it in here while you look yeah take take give it to a hot shot in there don't forget
treasurer island next Thursday well the picture on the right she's not 12 the picture on the right is what she is and that she's gross the other picture on the other side is touched up all of the other
pictures are for what you see is what you get what mediocre just mediocre regular mediocre neither here nor there if I was of your persuasion I wouldn't touch here with the Carlos with
clearances hand how do you like that neither fish that's how desperate you'd have to be to touch that thing no you're wrong about that I think she's both fish and foul five five six seven oh five
60 on five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line I'm just practicing for when Crow and I do those ball games foul it's a foul where did that come from by what what the hell did that whole thing come from he must be really just like I
guess I guess pull it out of his ass well sure is how beats football I'll take it at boy now that the damn season is over for most of the South Florida for
everybody down here except the jet spans and a rater nation but other than that well I mean you talk about ponderous if he ever
against is that I talk only about him it's a one topic show I mean talk about the popcorn the kettle bald Jesus Christ man get something get anything anything else football football football the jets
and the raiders and the jet and all this other crap how's Chris and around a doing here's a call from sunrise hello
hey what's up Neil yes sir what kind of problem with what kind of problem was I having yeah a problem with they put a hold on one of my accounts and they
bounce two checks that I wrote to one of my other accounts okay okay and another thing why do you why do you ask I'm
asked a quick question what no no wait a minute why do you ask what age did you realize that you were first yeah first
the bag 110 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line fuck two and a half months here's a call from
pine Christ oh well we're not we're not taking the for most annoying he's not on their top 100 see I mean they can't
separate speaking a Fisher file they can't separate the wheat from the chaff this crowd the most
and least annoying of 2002 is on a website called am I annoying dot com you can look it up yourself have somebody look
at up open spell it on a computer for you am I annoying dot com that's not our poll our poll is who is the luckiest
person on the face of the earth most success least talent and George W is winning in a glanslide he only wishes
he was to what are in a presidency by that many votes 141 votes for W Oprah 44 and Nicole Smith is making her move 41
that cow that tub of turd 41 just changed again let's try to change again Larry King 21 M&M 12 Bill Gates 11
everybody else small potato single digits 27 past 10 at 560 WQ and we got the mad dog and one Hank from the
Bahamas again where we hope we get that damn lion things straightened out I'm sure he don't care because he's over
there probably plunge in his brains out nice going there hump or good assignment
that was that was that was that was the hummus bellmont gets the great assignments kick off the new year with a
great new mattress for you and your back from our good friends at dial amatris if you haven't been sleeping well
lately nothing I have a bigger impact on your life every day in the coming year than a good night's sleep that
determines how you feel all day long do the smart thing like Miguel did and George did and yours truly as well
and everybody else with the brain you get 99% on time delivery from dial amatris they're pretty proud of
that in other words when they tell you're going to be there which you choose the date and time they show up
as opposed to having you sit around on your ass all day long getting aggravated that's just one of
many reasons why they're ranked first for overall customer satisfaction and they carry only the
best name brand macruses in the world an unbeatable everyday low prices we're talking silly
surda Simmons King coil every size and style under the sun and exactly the macruses you're looking
for is the one they'll deliver no bait and swish when you do you dealing with dial amatris so if you
want to get a great mattress that will perform for you for years to come pick up that phone make one
easy call that's all you have to do forget about schlepping all over time to betting and apartment
stores will rip you off call 1 800 MATT RES there'll be there in no time at all taken away the
crappy old vetting instead of the great new one 1 800 mattress for dial amatris the perfect way for
you and your back to start off the new year line and local career sports radio 560 you a
m loli pop little boy the next grist of her little show hello come with me to Georgetown in Washington
DC to see my toughest project yet decorating a typical republican oh they're not like the
republicans of the past more like the distant past not my type but when you're living in a
plutocracy i don't have much choice look at the bright side maybe this will get me in a freight car
with a nice corneesh treatment on the window okay sensible republican lampshades they like the ones
made out of Jewish skin you gross isn't it that's the toughest part for me they make the light much
too dim with that orange yellow hue makes the real mall dingy oh well i also get a great not to judge
now i thought a nice man runner in the foie would be a nice touch but they prefer human hair throws
not my style but easy to shake out after wiping your feet here we are outside this rather important
white house client of mine i'm not mentioning any names uh uh anyway he wants a vintage lawn
the sensible republican home on the next grist of her little show only on discovery channel
five hundred times a day 10 thirty two at five sixty wq we got the new tabloids thanks again
josey lamb beat and i got the worst news i just looked at the front page of the star the worst
news ever bye bye bye britney back with justin they're hot sexy night oh who the hell are these
people kidding is there anybody in the world who believes this no hey justin bye bye bye get lost
you little twinkie man just in tinkerbell bobby tried to kill Whitney hold on that picture her
there on the front page all sweated up lanted up like a wild bitch brutal attack ends in blood bath
shanry the truth at last she wrote bicycle to her death the mystery shoe and her final moments of
terror in the globe judge juddy goes wild her ten million dollar spending spree childhood
secrets of your favorite stars including a real punky looking George Clooney demie Moore and
Nicole kibmen charlie sheen's marriage crumbles shocking proof clone baby is a fake oh that's in
the acquires so we believe them i held a lot more than network source still trying to say well
you know do you think it really is a fake what do you think leave it to be ver stars heroine addiction
exclusive interview all now what you could that be which one i don't know how to build let me
a thumb to a Jeff Gordon's new beauty gets his motor running the hubo but hubo bonbon and Jeff Gordon
well he figures like i said before the dead guys don't run away but before we do any of that i do
want to say this somebody faxes me a very important thing he says bill gates did something right
Bruce brings to the madonna's not a fan they have some talent why isn't Moana pull away explain
that to you okay sir he's small potatoes these are people known worldwide making millions and
millions and millions but he has a very good why isn't Rosie on the pool how can i have left her
off of there Eric we must put Rosie O'Donnell on there immediately if not sooner my apologies Rosie okay
thank you it says George W's running away with it although we does have talent the talented
Dodge questions regarding his past the talent to make people in his party at least follow him
and the talent to screw up the english language are just some of his many talents and and
Nicole should be the one running away with it i heard you call her a cow she is not a cow she's a pig
a pig with lipstick is still a pig of the show thank you very much reminding me about fat Rosie
i think we're almost like wrote maxed out on Rosie you know what but put her on there Eric or else
now what am i looking for i'm looking to find the star the even to beaver
leave it down smothers brother son is a porn star oh man is he gross
puts him close back on sweetheart uh come on they always bury the good stuff when about stars
get wet and wild on the beach there's Tom Arnold wow
the truth about those private child support collection agencies there's Elvis he's still
long look too bad Charlie sheen battling to save his marriage we know that already where the hell is
let's see here's the updates on the soap operas passions share in this terrified when Antonio's
medical condition takes a turn for the words that already happened that i like yesterday Rebecca
presses Gwen to persuade Julian to adopt Ethan as his legal heir and a nurse interrupts Bethes he's
about to murder her mother we already seen that what's the date on this uh
January 21st we already saw that keep like uh was pulling the plug on mommy maybe she'll do it again
poor psychotic Beth i guess that's the show that's gonna be on here today the one I saw yesterday
where she goes diving for the bouquet you know when they have a wedding and the bride throws the bouquet
and the all the desperate broads line up to see who's gonna catch it and Beth came running in from
knocking waiters down about it came and dives made a greater catch than a rendez-gadzen's
even ever made it was great Chris Carter would eat his heart out how's Chris and a rendez-gad
hate filled Oswald acted alone to kill in Kennedy's shurried it Ted sent to quit
senate his daughter battles cancer Ted Kennedy shocky new clues in missing wife mystery chocolate
lovers delight oh here's a bitch that's taking like a bath in chocolate and I do mean a nasty no
woo just cover up the head drunk bobby tried to kill Whitney I didn't know he knew where Whitney
survivor winner patches things up with soft porn wife missy Elliott gets her body down
gets your body down honey get your body down on it uh oh that that could bugs me what is his name
he's in at the the 70s show kind of a strange looking ashden kutcher that's the one ashden kutcher
was that movie now yeah that's that's what this thing is about mariah carries new triple x romance
heart throughout van diesel and mariah have a lot in common then mariah carries newest romance
his action packs he's fallen hard for hunky triple x heart throughout vindiesel the two some snuggled
and oh stop already maybe he's doing Luis Miguel do you think and freaky carlosia then my way
out he was mentioning about louise getting really fat and grotesque too bad we can't look as good
as you carlos i don't i don't see anything i maybe i'm not even looking to write one do you think
that i missed it here it is they saved it for the last inside two pages right next to johnny cash
amputation nightmare take a look at johnny cash don't he look good oh he's noses where his left ear
used to be and his right eyebrows under his chin but other netty looks pretty good how sad poor
johnny leave it to be ver stars heroine addiction galley wally wittany whitey was a heroine
addict whitey yeah after we left the classic tv show leave it to be ver Stanley fafara who played
whitey went to jail became a heroine addict and lived on the streets but today be ver's pal is
clean and sober writing a book looking to jumpstart his acting career and rekindling friendships with
old friends including the be of himself fat-faced urey madders take a look at urey madders by the way
oh yeah talk about fat-faced somebody stuck up bicycle pump in his neck
and an exclusive inquiry interview 52 year old fafara revealed that kindhearted madders took time
out from recent charity appearance in portland or again to have dinner with him and celebrate his
recovery from addiction gerry has a great heart said fafara is a good friend a good pal
yadia well this is not who cares about whitey nobody i'm gonna make studying who was like uh oh not
Tony Dow please never mentioned about those little black plastic belts he used to wear a couple times
567 05 60 pound 560 on the 18 britney backwood just in their hot sexy night this is in the star
where we love our tabloid stuff i'll tell you that Tom Hanks new driving drama park me if you can
and we like to park your ass and like on another planet maybe the radians can take Tom Hanks away
please no they might clone him no bad move golden global wards 2003 sunday jenny 19th on NBC the
network that gives you Tom roca what am i looking for i'm looking for whatever was on the front oh
yeah britney in the backwood justin why do they keep doing this to us i mean nobody really
believes this in fact i believe in the radians in the cloning before i believe in this hey just
bye bye bye it is britney and just in a couple again rekindled romance they're together again but
they're taking things slow she said okay first try to grow one do you get your paycheck yet Carlos
Carlos got his check all right now we can say that it was worth coming in have a great weekend
everybody we're all going home huh get that pack of gum he's got to lay away and it's not even
a big reason it's like a generic brand it's one of those that doesn't have it just is gum on a pack
generic yeah like they used to sell it extra poor extra remember extra yeah how they doing
they're still the same no change still out of business extra broke well i guess that i'll see
when like an amsterdam you go to the supermarket you have to like bag your own groceries
and you have to and you have to bring your own bag or pay for one you have to pay for a lot of
huh it's okay what do you mean it's okay what's wrong with that i don't like that that's
like extra that's one of the many reasons they went out of business plus they only carried the
gigantic industrial size like the twenty pound boxes you're like now first thing you
see down here here when you used to invite them in passionate explodes scored scored during
New York rendezvous it says seriously i mean she is just so incredible such a knockout and he is
snotty as nasty as torpy as the he even Carlos looks better than him and that's that's really pushing it
you know that's really getting carried away because there are damn few things living on the face of
the earth that Carlos looks better than but just in thinkerbell not even close
they're back it says with about eighteen a's in it just when you thought it was a safe bet that
Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake were history sources say wild child Britney and
Rex lover hooked up and were spotted going back to her new apartment or to her new apartment in
New York City the couple found themselves in New York and mid-December Justin was there for a
radio promotion concert and stayed on for another week Britney was there for the December 18 miracle
on 34th Street concert ordering Rachel's Justin decided to reach out it was around midnight when
the fact i think she'd be doing better with clearance huh at least clearances it may not be very
big but at least we're pretty sure he's got one i don't think just be grateful i don't think
Justin thinkerbell's got a penis i don't know but i'm pretty damn sure he does not
maybe that's why she's hanging out with him he's safe he's safe
Justin decided to reach out it was around midnight when the pair got out of a chauffeur during black
SUV and then happens trendy no-ho district no-ho and dashed into a building where Britney recently
bought her renovated a spectacular kind of apartment her 25-year-old brother Brian already has a unit
in the same building maybe can lower it to uh... just that he can strap it on
which features a classic new york lobby with marble floors high ceilings and art deco murals
they walked into Britney's building hand-in-hand says the source and once they were in his lobby they
started making out in the sucked face all the way to the elevators that's what it says right here
in the sun they sucked face oh my god hey Justin sucked this on second thought
get out of here they sucked face all the way to the elevators didn't that a wonderful term
no not well i mean i can think of some people might be very exciting but just in and Britney
sucking face they had their arms wrapped around each other you never know they'd ever broken up
the source says the pair wrote up to the apartment alone but it's not hard to figure out what was
coming next just in left alone three hours later looking rumbled and happy says the source you do the
math you do the math i'll get my calculator although Britney and Justin thoroughly enjoyed their
reunion sources say she's not going to shout it from the rooftops she was thrilled about what
happens as a source her night would Justin was hot but she's keeping the details very close to her
heart which is right behind those two jugging things that look like breasts
friends say the singer doesn't want to make the same mistakes she made the past that it goes on
how are you pressing you like that picture though her look at how that
her public hanging out and her jeans who don't like to about her knees i like that look the hit hugger
as a matter of fact look at i think i think she's got a penis which she's got something look at that
she's got a package there i'll check it out
i'll give you what that's in fact doesn't she look a little tubby there doesn't work why she's
got like a little belly no maybe she's got a little something in the oven huh cookies five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line and the best part of it is all
those desperate lonesome housewives the same ones who watch Oprah and Jenny Jones they go to their
supermarket they pick up these tablets and they believe every damn where that's in there
i'd like i said i believe the reliance i believe miss cleo first here's my any hello
yeah uh new this is uh craig of my meat if i saw mo i got two things on one if i saw
if i saw a mo that only would i reckon but i would use the juice from his bag as my lubrication okay
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
George w's off he's off and running 167 votes lucky is person on the face of the earth most
success least talent and in the colesmiths she's moving up there now the guy was right 59
a late addition and she's already got 59 she might catch him that disgusting cow uh pig
Oprah 48 i guess Oprah's the cow and the colesmiths the pig is that the way it works yes
lyric king 21 mm 21 Bill Gates 15 everybody else single digits does anybody have zero no
rosy just went on her she's got one in fact when i'm here and she's got a big one
here's Fort Lauderdale hello yeah sorry i was just grabbing the phone that's okay you can grab it
okay uh the bachelor ed unfortunately i think it's a good show they showed clips from the next
few shows and the guys were just like in the bachelor they were like oh you're picking the wrong
guy and they were bunch of whims i have a connection with her i came all this way i had a meter
yeah but they've had about 50,000 of those shows on the last two years i mean there's it's all
the same stuff but it's fun to have these allegedly macho men grobble like that yeah successful
men handsome men who have a look i guess it's kind of like jackass that's a new thing in american
out people wanting to see other people make fools out of themselves and demeaning the grade themselves
like i'm Joey springer same thing who is the radio executive from boka there's a radio executive
from boka i'm gonna show some guy named Josh he was on channel 10 afterwards with his family oh no
you're talking about the Josh kron oh yeah yeah that's it he's a sales hole from uh from right
now down the hall here power 96 oh he is yeah he's the son of lucroan he's scary looking well if
he's the son of lucro that should tell you no have a great day pal thank you so much well he likes
the bachelor right are there any hot looking people i guess i already oh here's the facts of the day
oh and excellent oh this is the best facts i've ever had not i'm not talking about greggs how could
we leave her off and you'll disagree with me but here is a person who has no discernible talent
whatsoever is making millions is bally hood featured in tabloids sir thank you so much or a man
whoever sent me this facts right the luckiest person on the face of the earth who has had the most
success in leasedown is none other than the wheel of fortunes letter turning bimbo van a white
sir you are absolutely correct you know on there right away right away you're
disagree with that huh why would i disagree i don't know she's just she has no talent she has no
teeth either right none generic she's got raisinets cute face once upon a time
not for a long time now okay that's all those naked pictures over there there but she's
they can't do anything right no she can turn it and i'll be honest with it even though at least i
mean he's her cohort on air what the hell is his name pat the sejak uh not that i dislike him
but i mean he is so he's so low key he's one step away from coma inducing i love the show
watching almost every night if i'm home but uh the i tell you i once got Columbus so high with no letters
oh yeah i've had several puzzles that i guess that's the fun of the show you don't give a crab
about those morons on there you want to guess the puzzle Columbus so high with no letters that's
pretty good nice going to you what a kitchen nothing i did that once did you with calls bad
uh anyway she's a multi-minute air do this uh spin off from the show board games computer games
and of course don't forget the uh the games in vegas the uh uh slom machines
do you ever play those that that oh you have a good lebraned no you haven't been out there
since they started that's very very popular huge they have nick uh quarter ones and they got
the dollar ones and five dollar ones and in the background there wheel of four antico's on and
and then if you if you do the spin you spin the thing and it get lands on the wheel then you get
to the spin the thing yeah it goes like that you get to spin the wheel like at the Indians that time
that was that was just that appearance was it put all the others to shame that was just in a class
by itself let us place some cards oh right yeah we're gonna play some poker with us 90 year old
all the cockers in there it says the worst part about it is that she doesn't even physically rotate
the letters anymore she just touches the screens ever so lightly with her index finger well she
don't want to like get a hangmail the least that bitch could do is a little physical work by
turning the letters the financial the financial success of that f-ing bitch pisses me off because
I'm sipping hide the desk five days a week making one tenth of what she makes in a week no wonder
every country hates us I'm moving to Canada tomorrow god bless america sign Justin oh Justin
wrong Justin I guess hey Justin bye bye bye he's right vanna white goes on there immediately
I guarantee you she'll do well I I I'm sorry but to me he's got the definitive answer
Rosie was another glaring omission on my part but vanna white
I mean at least Rosie is controversial I mean people hate her they she's disgusting whatever you know
but vanna is just like air the air it's there you know what I mean yep
Paul says happy new year I was flipping the channels last night on cable and came correct interview
with Tom jicca what a bald headed little pussy looks like Truman Capote
I want to what channel that was on must have been the pubic access channel
and in addition to which I noticed the byline on his comments morning Hollywood so he must
be out there again taking freebies in Hollywood because it's like in between seasons I guess now
so he must be out there at california again suck on a ball of free food and booze from all those
producers on new tv show as opposed to being here I think he's out of touch don't you
yeah I think he's out of touch with the local scene I don't think he can feel the pulse of south Florida
so he can write all those really great columns about local south Florida TV and radio
that he was planning on writing some year here's today's facts from Greg
you definitely have the wrong Greg as your program director we don't have any Greg as our
program director we have clearances our program director I never really like Greg is our general manager
I've never really listened to your newest version of the cursed team so I decided to give it a
chance this morning for about 20 minutes let me just say this those moments you keep playing I
thought you invented some funny voices some fictitious characters to make fun of but they were
practically dead on no uh... most just abusing gold elox it was like an snm show uh... bossing her
I mean bossing him around like he was a slave well other than that your morning show is the
most boring piece of crap I believe I've ever heard in my life I would rather listen to the endless
loop of brick sands says running out and over that guy outside the stadium several times
seriously though you go all the way back to the first teams infant stages would they've
allowed to grow was even any combination thereafter and any of that would be better than the
sorry excuse for a show kick mow off and send Kelly to wait a testicle growing seminar then
put dead air on for four hours so we can count the chuckle through our speakers
p.s without a doubt in my mind the best call ever representing south Florida in the history of
your program is the lady wanting the free tickets when she didn't know what they were for they were
just free and she wanted them I'm very happy you don't give any credit crap on
here anymore so I grab a seat pretty good behavior great I think we finally got
you in the right place we have that by the way I know we have that it's I'm not
playing it but it is very it's a opportunity mentions that because I
forget all about what you told me yesterday Woody Graber comes in here
wearing his size 92 pants with his size 52 waist and the belt he's got the
pants up to his armpits and trying to you know get the scammers again no
don't you want to give away some tickets on here no and so I just mentioned
something about that about free tickets and finally this morning George tells
me immediately I barely got the words out of my mouth about free tickets and
some bitch calls in on one of the lines I just heard Neil give it a sound
in a way some free tickets so what's that about see what I mean you're right we
do have a lot of women listening out there the problem is that I only wanted
something for free here's something for free let's see why isn't the person's
slug you just mentioned Tom Arnold isn't on the list he's very successful with
no tell whatsoever what an ask us here Jeff who's becoming a chronic
factor that's okay Jeff it's okay Tom Arnold small potatoes yeah very small
people in Moscow don't know from Tom Arnold they know Wayne Arnold well that
I don't say no word doesn't it sound good I blamed last time Carlos would like
some of that yeah me too so get on the phone I bet you don't come over here I
and I mean what's wrong with that what's wrong with a little white hot nothing
that was really good last time it was excellent in fact it keeps getting better
and better I'm I'm a game for it I'm gay for it five six seven oh five 60
pound five 60 so thank you so much for some excellent additions today it was
an oversight in my part and here I thought I had put together a pretty
definitive list I wasn't even close leave it off and Nicole Smith oh who's
moving up rapidly I don't think she's gonna catch W but she's a very strong
second place leaving off who else did I leave off fat Rosie and Van
away Van went on her just now she immediately got two votes she got a
pair hard to find them but she's got a pair and again the media just like
everything else is hype oh Van a white they want Van a white what she like he
said that she touches the letter and it lights up which he has nothing to do
with it let it up it's all you know it's all like everything else until
it's all make believe I mean at least Pat when they are here that bell at the
end of the running out of time at least he has to give that wheel a big spin
that's more than she does the whole goddamn show right well she's got a
pay attention in addition to which you think she can spell most of those words
that are on there a couple of times I'm on our our injustice pet is about to say
oh sorry no she's like she's starting to press you know letters that bitch
Van a white she it isn't she's not the one that bugs me so much it's the people
that make a big fuss about her that bother me because she's on television like
Howard Beale like oh oh like Ned Bady told Howard Beale because you're on
television dummy good good pretty frightening but it is a good show and see
there's why more griffin's got a lot of money does he have any votes on this
thing I don't I don't even know you're right I probably shouldn't have put a
monitor a separate of fact that he can't sing and back in the days before you
got lucky and then all these quesos he was still a big success his big hit was
I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts right and then he's here you still don't
want to see him he's in last place he's only got one so this audience is doing a
magnificent job they see one day you were already yesterday to like throw in
the towel George said let's just get out of here yeah let's just go out on a
beach and just stick our thumb out and hitchhike up to a zero and you know
take a chance on life and get away from my wife or something like that he said
did you call Hudson and Wayne yes I did and he said all right I mean he's
gonna start to fire up let's see just in Timberlake has been hot forever but
when you see his new picks and rolling stone with his shirt off you're gonna
squeal no real fact could turn out oh my god
oh yeah
it looks like he's a really blind bag it's signed Rachel's here's for Lauderdale
hello ideal did you hear that this is cruise is having problem with his
marriage yeah yeah what a shock what a shocker she's swishy
five six seven oh and he also would do his lawsuit against them remember that
he would do that lawsuit about those who said they hear him walk this way
why can't these people I mean what difference does it make at this point he's got
so much so many many millions and millions and millions and millions why don't
all you phony faggot come out of the closet already and stop and you want to know
why because no matter how many millions they've got their lifestyle requires that
they keep the money coming because how many times do we get these sorry sorry
as stories about former Hollywood star so and so is broke and died all alone
and broken some flea bag flop house somewhere doesn't it just tear you up yeah
give me about a hundred million let me see how far I can stretch it call up
mature see if he's gonna send me some money back all over you should be
everybody know I should know rumor lives in a very fancy fancy neighborhood
Chris Chamber lives in there and Eddie Jones and I heard the harness rival Eddie
Davis and Eddie Davis junior maybe moving in there too is what I'm hearing
good old rumor you're not getting your lunch by the way I don't you don't like
you here's Miami hello okay that was Mike Disney promoting the new station
they got and I'm sorry David Ross I can't keep him straight Disney's already got
hot in the EDR what's that new station WMIB men in black so there's a little sample
for you one or three point five they used to be she used to be a great station
and then they turn into a bunch of a crap the planet the ozone layer whatever the
hell it is and now it's M.I.B men in black anybody listen to it no no ten fifty
seven at five sixty W.A.M. when you left the house this morning you notice how
dirty your car was you didn't have time to wash it and those so-called car washes
of gas stations can't get it done here's a great idea for you take your car
this weekend the University car wash and lube you'll fund them on university
drive between sterling and griffin roads and Davy because they do it all for
you full service washes deluxe washes hand washes that's right a great hand
job complete detail and rug shampooing right now University car wash and lube
you can get unlimited full service car washes for as little as thirty two ninety
five for the entire month that's right for just thirty two ninety five and
again that's for the entire month you can get washed every day if you want the
oil change get a complete quality pinz oil change and free full service car wash
for just twenty two ninety five when you son up for their free preferred customer
card so keep that new car shine all winter long only from university car wash
and lube if you're snowboard need to get their car look a new again stop by at
university car wash and lube this weekend get the schmutz and grandma for your
car once and for all stop by at university car wash and lube they be the best
you'll find university car wash and lube on university drive between griffin
and sterling roads in most prestigious Davy
thing this is a liberty between her chief
you mean here watch tonight as Bob Villa applies her makeup alright you said
perfectly still you shouldn't feel a thing now use his power
he doesn't look good she can't act she can't talk she can't think say she could run for
president
the animal show tonight on air it's eleven oh one at five sixty WQM happy
Friday to you four hundred and twenty three votes on a pool from the bottom up
birth grip and appear tom brokaw three I just changed again what did it do that
just to spite me I guess from the bottom up grip and two brokaw three fan of
white Scott for now she just went on there like a heartbeat to go Madonna six
Bruce brings in and Bob Walters each have six slides to loan seven Rosie O'Donnell
and Jerry Springer rate Rosie just went on there like four seconds ago we just
filled in nine Bill Gates 18 Larry King stuck on twenty one
don't be trusted us M&M twenty two Oprah fifty four and Nicole passed over like
she was sitting on a race seventy two to fifty four and Nicole said and way ahead
of everybody ahead of the next two uh... the next three together George W.
182 votes who is the luckiest person on the face of the earth most success and
least town is a pool today
here's book a hello
a meal yes sir
uh... real quick i just wanted to let you know that i'm with the
treasure coach which is basically center florida psychiatric association
and there's a study that's posted on the web regarding your show
and it basically it's i guess it it's covering
since you come back or whatever and it talks about how you're
relying a lot on negativity as well as
the callers necktivity uh...
without that how long it take you to make this deal up
what do you mean
what i'm like that what do i mean
yeah and i read it so i want to let you know i mean why why do we care this
all kinds of crap on the web assuming that it's going to be but what was the
what does it mean
what i'm just saying they're analyzing their analyzing you and it seems to
broken down your show
well let me ask you this are you listening to the show
yeah listen to it today i mean i don't know what do you mean today do you listen
to it often
why i occasionally i listen to it i have a
why
well i'm from if i'm in my car
it's entertaining okay thank you
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t and horizon
wireless line
we're not negative on this show
this town is negative and that's why we get so much response if you want to
we do positive who's your favorite male
for we all kinds of positive polls
are you positive no
i'm negative
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen what did he say he
was a new to shrink is what he said
something like that
here's a lady in Miami hello
yes man
hey what what what what what what what what what what what what what's that
racketed a background
um i mean you
you think that
okay
um i think you said that he's here
all of
british
good one excellent choice
thanks thank you okay good lunch
i'm gonna have a good lunch the way normal in Hudson are coming up
off daddy excellent choice how can we leave that piece of crap off
let me run home and vote real quick to see now you're being negative though
and i think i'll be a thing on a website there about uh... the second
cancer shrink it no i'm positive in my case they couldn't shrink it anymore
that's already shrunk
uh... five six seven o five sixty
seriously i mean you people out there man it's just it's astonishing it's just
isn't it now not really
now when you've been doing this this long but it sounds good
yeah we're relying a lot on negativity let's be positive what do you say no
because i'm back in south florida that's another thing it's a lot easier for me
to be positive when i'm doing the show from any place else but when i'm here i
get that field you know what like uh... oh yeah
you get the vibe
and remember what i said about being polite about when you're in Toronto
that it rubs off on you start you're holding the door open for people are like
a hundred yards behind you know but you see they're gonna go out the door
and just stand there hold like you're the door man because it's just he just
went and rolled you know thought of what i'm saying do the romans
and so that's how it works out but when you're here it's like yeah you're like
that all the time
it's a survival thing i mean if you're gonna try to be nice and polite here you
ain't gonna cut it they see that as a side of a
sign of weakness is right
bad but i'm glad the guy finds the show entertaining that's good your call wasn't
was marginally entertaining was it was fairly amusing i get about what three
and a half on a scale of twenty five it was okay
call us when you find a good shrink by the way sir
here's hollywood hello
a nail our management could use one yes sir
i just want to know i think you're boring i'm entertaining okay go well i'm
turned on a show you like okay go ahead and uh... finger do it yourself
i was gonna say finger f yourself but that would be bad
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T here's homestead hello
nail how's it going okay
hey did you know why Jews have big noses
here's Miami hello
real yes sir
have a Friday and back to you how about John Madden
how about him
go ahead
five six seven oh five let's get back to some material here okay because
obviously i haven't got any it's amazing isn't it amazing how it like always
is that always it happens like at once simultaneously was going along great
yeah and then all of a sudden like it was like like you hit a brick wall
it's like the community getting a megaphone and saying collectively
hey neo rotter material better do some other stuff now
man oh man alive
whoo the toward officer sever's woman's finger callus give this to me
couple days ago and it's still a good story
a detroit police officer with the night cut off the finger of a 45-year-old
woman who's tried a handcuff in a parking lot on eight-mile road i bet you
m&m is frosted about that
because you know how much m&m likes the police
the police who were in plain clothes uh... said she was resisting arrest
the woman jony gullas of the trot said monday she thought she was being
cajacked
according to police reports obtained by the Detroit free press
officer anthony and your johnson pulled out a knife sunday morning cut off
the sleeve of gullas is oversized coats a computer left hand in the handcuffs
johnson of the ninth
grashit precinct has been placed on desk duty a typical move after officers use
forced during arrest is not been charged with the crime
commander ralf goodby junior said only that internal affairs was investigating
the officer's behavior during the incident which happened about two thirty a.m.
sunday those that apartment does not issue knives many officers carry them
for among other things cutting seatbelts to free accident victims
johnson and two other officers writing in an unmarked car on a special
burglary patrol in the notice gullas is van in a parking lot near the
huddle lounge near eight-mile and grashit
gullas said polo what a terrible city that's turned into oh
but anyway gullas said she just left the barn was waiting for others to come
out so they should go together to breakfast when a car pulled up and somebody
shined a spotlight in her purse a man approached that he was the police
and demanded a ID gullas said she could make out only a silhouette asked the
man from police identification i just thought i was getting a hijacked right
then there she said after some heated give and take between the two over ideas
johnson approached the window demanded gullas's license he wrote in his report
that gullas smelled of booze but refused to produce her license saying she
wasn't doing anything wrong she shifted her car in a reversing began to back up he
wrote gullas and i said she moved the car
johnson wrote that he reached inside to open the door and gullas pinned his hand
with her knee and began moving the car backward again johnson wrote that he
hit her in the face opened the door and pulled her outside out of the pavement
he said she was pulling and pushing away from him violently
well i guess if you thought you were being car jack you'd be pushing into
yanket and it's whatever he cuffed her right hand but couldn't get to her left hand
which he had tucked under her body he pulled on her coat sleeves he pulled her hand inside he wrote
gullas denied that denied that and said the sleeves on the coat normally hang over her hands
concerns you might be reaching for a weapon johnson pulled out a pocket knife and cut the sleeve
off to speed up the cuffing process he wrote he severed her left ring finger with the top knuckle
and deeply cut her middle finger she said he said that his her fingers look worse than OJs
police at the scene removed the fingertip but it couldn't be reattached she should have probably
sliced off his johnson would have been a lot better
another great story from Detroit baby which used to be a great city about a hundred years ago
back before 1977 back before a bunch of folks decided like to burn it down
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line
here's Palm Beach Gardens hello yeah how you doing now okay sir good um i was looking to
you let you add George W on their end of the cold Smith and their own you know marginal but
i think Donna Cornelius yeah i was in soldier in years ago yeah Donna Cornelius
has a log ahead it's a log most untalented person okay thanks well why are you saying of course
i said he's got that voice i didn't say of course well with don Cornelius
and even though you know i know you like him a lot how about Cornelius brothers and sister rose
but she more more since he replaced it well here's a good pull who has the bigger ass
Oprah and in a cool Rosie O'Donnell J. Lower Hillary Clinton
this is obviously from some of the things that Hillary is all ass and i don't think i could argue
with that let's do a light up i he left off fat boy i got news for right now okay whoever
faxed this to me it's an excellent list but when you leave Jeff high off in that list you're not
even warm i think his ass rivals all of them combined you could put all their rectums together
and fat boys got him licked so to speak five six seven oh five sixty how's the pull coming who's
the luckiest person on the face of the earth most success least talent we got four hundred and
forty two votes already from the bottom up i think from the bottom up i don't know why
more griffin to tom brokaw three vana white five Madonna six Bruce brings the in six
sliced alone seven barbell wall or seven don Cornelius forty five i'm just making them
Jerry springer eight reaches filbert nine Rosie O'Donnell's up to eleven and she just went on
there what twenty seconds ago Bill Gates eighteen Larry King is up to twenty two nice going Larry
let me just eat us m and m twenty two Oprah fifty six and an equal seven seventy four and
George w bush a hundred eighty seven nice going w let's i think what let's have the election
over again the two thousand election let's let's just have a week a week now i'm not
recounted let's just do it all over again okay same people well well if you dark folks
vote this time no i mean same candidates yeah
maybe i'll congrow the beard this time but we'll do it like real fast while nobody's looking
five six seven oh five sixty kind of like the way to count it in last time pound five sixty on the
AT&T and Verizon Marvel's line you got to admit baby it was really great with all that Chad
counting and excitement another one of the fantastic things about south florida the radians press
conference in hollywood poor little alien all of these things the Chad counter that judge with
that i popping out of his head he was my favorite no no question and he was he was worldwide man
his eye was more famous than anything in the world because even when i was in europe and on the
CNN there he is there's nothing here and pop each county florida in the west the it's an i
popping election Theresa LaPore and she still got her job is that the deal yes and Miriam
elephant she still got her job to that bitch boy and cathartic and cathartic cathartic
here's no she's got a new job moving on up she's moving on up to the east side well i'm at west
side here's Miami hello hello yes sir i know it's only local but i chose the gackies all of the
maze me it's uh where he's got i don't want to say him not to fall on here are you knocking my
good friend josegaek you again i am yes my good close personal friend shame on you oh no
i miss that what i wanted to play i wanted to play uh oh my oh my oh no it does tie you know
five six seven oh five sixty what oh my god here's your close friend Rick Riley
hey cookie better late than never sweet heart well i guess the carrier pigeon just arrived
yeah i just heard the news no yeah well you don't talk to suds
not on a regular basis why not and you only is enough come on we talk this morning he called us on
Monday i know i know which i thought was very nice on his part and he was also a guest on
george to show i was on one of my 45 vacations i heard that yeah by the way george were not
standing out any tapes okay yeah well i got i got a clue when i thought it was a joke they called
me from the funeral home city was going to be gone for a couple of days want to know if i could fill in
like the hero huh see that's how we got our story i'm not touching any of this i'm not really
sure where this is going i'm just calling because i want to require a self-immolate on the
ear again of course we're used to that Rick so what are you doing these days you're okay i'm having
a great time doing what uh is your kid trying to calm yourself but is a pickup truck whatever i want
and it doesn't involve radio yeah well that's good i like that i got the clear channel cure excellent
yeah they'll do it yeah so anyway no i was i was startled to hear that uh that mike he died
and it was shocking you know it was how old was he 60 who was about six months older than me
you know well either he didn't wear it well or you wear it well because i thought he was older than
no we all did but he just had you know uh that kind of a life but he was he was born like in
June of 42 so it was six months older than me what did he die of um it wasn't really very specific
but i think uh you know the life of smoking and the certain other things i think that kind of
contributed i don't know if there was like throat cancer or something but i think that the smoking
is really what it's all about he was ill for a while then not really i mean it came on fairly
suddenly and i guess he was on the year almost right up until the end from what i'm hearing because
when i was back down here in october november for a month and we had a call on the year back then
saying see do you hear mike this morning he sounded like he was drunk or something and then come
to find out that uh it was verified that the last few days that he was on the year he really
sounded very bad and that was close to the end let's see and then uh when you when i got a call or
you got a call instead of you sound like you were drunk and you had your stroke yeah all of these
different things i still have that tape by the way of you having your stroke no of me calling you
on the year from the hospital begging pleading for somebody to come and get me out all that's right
i was positive that they were going to kill me amount signing and it can damn close yeah and that's
the first thing i wanted to do is come down and take you out and then have you die in the way home uh
huh that would have been great well you had probably gotten a better time slot
so anyway i would have felt bad if i didn't call and uh and at least express my sympathy and
that was a shame he was a good guy you know you and i have both worked a lot of people in this
business and some of them real good guys a few of them and a lot of assholes you know as you said
he never stole a phrase right he was just you know he was just playing old mike there was nothing
complex about him he was just always the same i would come in in the morning and he would always
be holding up the wall yeah you know i mean seriously just like standing next to it you know just
hi how are you and uh you know never bother day right i always always had something clear to drink
and uh you know your brutal man no i hate to live that was his life i know
crying out loud so i and the villain saying i mean that you know he was gone on more vacation
when you know something it's a good thing you didn't call with this material i'm Monday because
not that a few days have passed it makes it it makes it you know amazing yeah um when we when we
got our start there we had just left waxy and boy gary call instead mike was going on vacation
and uh wanted to know if we could fill in and i was just heading out of town and i said you know i'll
unpack the the family i'll be down there uh but is there any other time i can do it you said let me
have the ability to do i take you out here right now take your god damn teeth in yeah so he said
well let me check and he comes back he says yeah well when he comes back he'll begin going away
again the following week so you can fill in then he was gone all the time yeah so that's what we
did we thought and of course i simulated that i i got a better deal of that he had a
hard to believe it could be done i like working one week taking off six or seven working a couple
of days taking off ten or twelve that's the way to do it and adding the different country features
in ice baths it as well right yeah so how are you i'm doing great good i mean i'm here for a couple
of months which i'm not too happy about but you know who now wants to freeze their ass off well
seeing i've been doing a lot of traveling good i haven't talked to anybody in radio i have no
desire to um i'm just you know i'm see people think that i make these things up about like cheap
channel i think i exaggerate and the way they destroy people's lives and where they have people over
i mean they no matter who you're working for i mean these beesleys and Greg read they're not
exactly a picnic but no matter who else you're working for if it isn't clear channel it's got to
be an improvement because they just have to be the absolute worst the only problem is you can't work
for anybody with clear channel because they bought up everything exactly that's right there's
three companies on every station now what they've done is just deplorable yeah yeah i don't want to
get into it but but i will you can get into what when you fill in the summer
you ask your church guy is knows a little out of joint about that whole thing no you're wrong about
that he think is there's a little out of joint i was just way out of joint just to you know be a friendly
guy have some fun we weren't on the radio it wasn't it i i think it's i think it's it but could
you pull it off could you do it what the whole summer yeah sure okay i don't know if i'll be
around this summer but if i am but you know he likes to do that i've heard him he's getting real
right and he's getting real red in the face now he never loved George because he he destroys the
numbers when he's on he just bury all i love and you know something i've been back for like two
weeks now two weeks uh yesterday and it takes me about a month to get the audience back when i
come back i mean you know how many eating ass shows can you really get away with seriously staying
away yeah at least from that conversation okay i love George but i got the uh i got the hint
and then they took the survey and they want George they don't want us they don't you took
the poll he won by two votes i heard it yeah by two votes well if you would have had time to make
more calls it would have been more you guys did tremendously well on that i was surprised in fact
if you would have had as many people listening at the i and z as you had the voting for
on our podium still be on a year i agree but that prove it goes to show you when you're on a station
that has no audience like that it's uh listen i just got to get this just get this off my head
go ahead davran said as soon as i flip the switch i was profitable and my shareholders were happy
that summed up everything about clear channel right you know and you know and by the way the
shareholders think too happy because it's down about fifty percent since then but the fact is
well they can't they can't crack a one share with that Fox Sports thing the shareholders don't live
here what about an audience what about like maybe pleasing an audience they don't care about that
now you're really losing now your grip their channel isn't care about the audience all i'm going to
say right so what anyway that was my offer and uh... you know it was nice talking to you and if if uh... well i'm
i'm certainly going to think about it a great life i'm going to put on my skull cap and think about it
okay but yours does a fine job no he doesn't love that's face it he's you know he does an adequate job
he loves doing it maybe he does love doing it any more than that he loves the extra money gets
because he's a slipper he's got that unwanted baby now which you know well i don't want to step in the
middle of that yeah so okay well said it's right here from your rich it's great to talk
and i'm sure we'll be in touch and uh... big kisses to you and i'm sure we'll be in touch with it all right
see a rick riley there rick and suds ladies and gentlemen once your just uh... gig real bad this summer
let's take that pool again maybe they want to change their mind maybe after these last couple of
weeks when you were filling in i in fact we never did do the thing about that's not not long enough
time yet you don't have the audience back five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight
t and t and verizon wireless line this our man this uh... this is the kind of log we enjoy
this is kind of like an fm couple of breaks no interruptions we got some heavy duty important stuff
going on overnight we got a high powered pool going on today heavy response four hundred and sixty three
votes already we got a big lunch coming in from our buddy Wayne Arnold Wayne and Hudson will be here
which i noticed doctors came in to see if the food was here yet hey listen you stick with your
brownies in there mister you stick with your brownies tough uh... tough announce today to the world
that he's a brownie home which surprised me that was shocking we knew that but anyway here's the
poll George w bush a hundred ninety six the luckiest person on the face of the all you know who you left
off a here the most success and the least talent Greg read see what i mean so many possibilities
anyway George w bush hundred ninety six and in the cool smith eighty one over fifty six and
the calls got offers asked with mn m twenty three levy king twenty three bill gates eighteen
rosy fat rosy's got twelve they hate your rosy you just went on there like two seconds ago and you
have twelve votes already read just filbert nine jury springer rate see i know i put them on there but
quite frankly i can't i can't honestly say belongs on there because even if you despise what he does
he's a clever guy right he is learned how to exploit humans stupidity like few people i've ever seen
before i put some real jobs yeah that's right he was in politics but don't speak too well uh
barberwaters and sliced alone seven grew springs the madonna vana white each have six i can't believe
how slowly vana's moving up that letter i thought she was the definitive one you don't
no with all those other great choices on there with opra and anna what talent does she have none
but there's a whole category of bimbos who make a lot of money that show is syndicated all over the
goddamn world you're aware that aren't you very lucky she's known worldwide oh it's vana
it's freaking vana she's turning the guy damn letters again and making millions of dollars off of it
i got to spend can't send to look at that say jack again won't throw in the towers
till i buy your vana pick me a letter hey man nobody mean there's no action phone
vana pick me a letter no one does it any better i dream of all you
even i said i don't know over ten or what vana i don't understand why you make a hundred grand
not for me to say anyway get me a ticket for an aeroplane gonna be on the wheel of fortune game
i just got to win vinda wheel again vana pick me a letter go vana go baby go
all right hey get out of my face back is that a two way is there an L in that word is a low
right
forget the letter man i'll take vana why you beautiful man you and me could play the home game
got me a ticket for an aeroplane all right i'm on the wheel of fortune game
i just love that sound i'm in the bonus rounds hey vana pick me a letter lose a turn
hey pass lose it vana pick me a letter no one does it any better i dream of all you
all right that isn't all over ten vana i don't mean to stare but are you wearing
underwear not for me to say anyway i don't care how much money i got to spend can't stand to look
get back sage act again won't throw in the towel still like by your vavels oh vana pick me a letter
please vana pick me a letter all right i'm ready to pick baby
stop
i'm
My brother will not forget it for your whole sales
Give me the money and I'll buy the CBZ man. All right
Love 25 at 560 W3M. She's got seven votes. She ought to have like 7,000 now. She is definitely but
Every time I think we've got the definitive answer that I agree with another great facts comes in wait till you're this
It says while your list is very provocative and grab some of the most anxious names and celebrities of recent years and
Certainly your listeners have brought up some of the additional no talent assholes worthy of our division
I think W definitely climbs to the top of the ladder built for a successful idiots IE the presidency
But I don't think talent's involved in politics if we're to consider undeserving talents then the king of great on talent
It has to be Wayne Newton
Huh hard to argue with that they'll argue it here
So let's put that on their air if you if you can handle it Wayne Newton the Wayne Meister
He'll probably be very upset and throw a hissy fit
This is for radio by city
Back to Canada you do
Rick Riley stole my briefcase
I like the park in his face
That's farmy dick what gives him the right. Oh, I think his wife want to fight it up tonight
Rick Riley stole my
This race to the human race
Your smock
That wheel of me should also include Rick Riley's but oh oh oh
Riley stole my
Repage I
Like a part in his face
Rick Riley you're an asshole
All right, not over our great call from Rick better late than ever like I said 11 30 of 5 60 W to Q
Here's a facts a facts lixing lixing George's axe
Leave George alone. I love George. He's great. Stop complaining. Go back to f in Canada you piece of crap
Then it says I love you to Neil girl in Miami. Well, no, she's you know
She's just kidding around okay, but she does love you. She wants it
By the way the luckiest person in the face of the earth is anecdotal by far that slutty fat no talent
Probably smelly bitch. I agree with you. I bet she smells like a vet of lard and smell her through the TV. Oh, man
Stinks right through the end said
Five sick and in fact you have to they have these new things that they're gonna be handing out for people I watched that show
What are that what would you call the a thing?
They had a certain kind of thing you'd scrape like if you had chicken fat scratch and sniff
No, no, if you had chicken fat in a bowl in the refrigerator and then the stuff goes to the top and it has that hard layer of fat on top the
Reem you have to have a reamer
Call up reamer and see if he can handle it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon line mad dog at one the hopper from the a crystal palace in the Bahamas at three
You got your shitt go pant the preview with seven devils here to play the Panthers in a macarena tonight
I'm working on trying to get those usher straightened out and fired
That's at 7 30 Eddie K from GA after the hockey game and an ESPN radio overnight and a very interesting point about that ESPN radio thing
That George made yesterday and you were
this time
Right on it
That is when Joe and Mark were on Friday nights. That was a chance for people to sample them people who are out late
I mean like real late and water at home in the middle of the night three four in the morning and here Joe and Mark
I know like a real live show on his station and then I say oh by the way, they're on every night and
We actually know who they are and we'll like maybe put them down
But because somebody on this radio station wanted to have a live lead at every morning
Wow, we don't want to have them doing Friday nights overnight. We'll have them doing Sunday night
Which nobody else does anywhere in the universe in history this business? Well, I'm just on it
So he can have the honor of a live lead in it, right?
So he's trying on both ends to like have somebody else goose up his number form
Pillars looking. Yeah, that's right. And so what does he do now after claiming to be good buddies with the dirty boys
Which he was talking about odd nauseam since they were the only people in the building would speak to him now he turns on them
Wow, I'm sandwiched in between two non-sport shows. I'm doomed. Well, you're part right
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 leave my good friend Moa alone Carlos
It was all Carlos's fault Mo
Here's Fort Lauderdale, huh
Good morning. No, how are you great?
Okay, I think I got a name that we overlook the dead man in the chair
The dead man. Oh, I miss I miss
Yeah, but you know that's not true though. He's in his time. He's in a lot of good stuff
Not in the last 50 years. Yeah, about a hundred years ago. Okay, thanks. No, I miss used to be very funny
As a matter of fact a lot of people don't realize it
But speaking of I miss one of the bits that we've been playing for a hundred years
If I can find that anything it was done by I miss and his cohorts back when he used to be funny and we used to do like real ready
Turn to bed
That house out
Listen
Transuit all
Hello, water's warm. I'll say you come here often find me. It is in here before no
What's your name freeway freeway that's nice. I'm big it. Please do me a choose big gets in here
You here to get
Clean
Oh, I don't know
You work around here. I'm a waiter, but actually I'm an actor. Yeah, yeah, I know what's the top of it
You probably need to rely on all say but you know with everything it's a new and all it's to pay you can start
Relaxing right now freeway I
Brought something
She and freeway not just any she either
Look wow
Gold
Mane
Condom but here's the most important part freeway from the pro-tech label
Protector aren't those in door by the city council of San Francisco?
Absolutely you know the pro-tech slogan don't you? I sure do
Certified safe by the city by the bay
Well, what do you say?
Darn look at that. I dropped the soap again. I'll get you
Bet your life he will and with confidence because freeway and spick it have
condoms
Don't let worry spoil those chance meetings in public showers always carry pro-tech
Oh
C.E.P.
T.I.
My free S.M.B.
C.R.O.P.E.P.
T.V.D.
Down with no
Apology
Don't doubt know what it's all about the pro-tech she so they won't send you a
Protect condoms a division of black flag house and garden custom gold division
Keeping situation safe since 1887
There you go those are the days when Don I miss was really funny and very popular and very entertaining now
He's very popular and very boring and lucky said a dead man in the chair
And making more money than ever
And not only on radio
syndicated but also on MSNBC every morning
Although it kind of fits in on that channel, you know because nobody watches it
5 6 7 we got 501 votes already and Wayne Newton just got his first vote
Van is all the way up to 11 Rosie's up to 15 so some of these late editions
They're getting they're getting their licks
Here's Bokeh. Hello
I heard that Rosie does get her licks. Yes, sir. They knew. Yeah. How you doing? Okay? Good. I got one for you
She could jump in the fat ass contest too. How about this Monica Lewinsky?
She's like a celebrity well, then since you read a book, you know, she gets famous for getting rubbed off by a cigar
Yeah, she got rubbed off well, you know, it's gonna get rubbed out
Okay, let's see. Let's pass it by the judges. Okay. They say no chance. I mean like she is well known
She's famous, but she doesn't pretend to be a talent while she has some talent
She designed those handbags
See if you would have just gone to the dry cleaners. That's all set of going to Matt Dredges house
Just go to the dry clears and I'll tell you another fat ass bitch who makes me nauseous speaking of Monica's that Lucy and Goldberg
Who?
See that I got like a oh
man big green one
Because of Lucian she just leaves a lump in my throat that bitch
She's got like a female misgrudge
And then again so is he here's Kendall. Hello
Happy New Year, sir. All right. Yeah, I just got contacted to be a meal from family
Yeah, that is exciting. Um, just just imagine the power you've got in your hands now
Absolutely, I'd like to tell you what I'm gonna put down ahead of time
If you know my what were you say put down? Is that how it works?
Wilson is a Nielsen or arbitrary on your talking about Nielsen. I believe it's TV. Oh
Shoot
Okay, well
Eventually, hopefully I'll get the other one for you guys exactly anyways for us you know the only hours that I do not listen is
Between six and nine in the morning really I can't stand it
I put on Howard for a little bit and then I come back and you're there and the rest of the day
I always have a radio on in the house, but I'm telling you I can't stand listening to the guys in the morning and it's a shame
Really is the same, but I'm getting pounded. Yeah, I got it wish. How about Dr. Phil for the list? Oh
Excellent. He is just outstanding. Sir, you just redeemed your life. Thank you Niel
Thank you very much. I love you too. Bye doctor Phil get that on there immediately Eric or else
Rose Carlos is ready to come up there and kick your ass. Oh, you lick your ass. I'm sorry. I misunderstood
5 6 5 6 7 oh, well, you've been hanging around for George so long. I don't know
That big brown crack that George is always pedaling to the world
That's gonna be our pool. I think on Monday. What do you like better George talking about licking crack or a recon suds?
How about cracking suds?
We can put you were already on with suds. I didn't hear too much about it
I didn't hear people over town saying oh god. You heard George on with suds that one day and here anybody said a couple calls
Yeah, a couple of calls what are they saying? Oh, they loved it. Did they well? Let's not hear anybody talking about it today
Of course, that's all your crowds so they're already gone how that I've been back so long. Oh, yeah, what?
You don't think that there are people listen when you're on who as soon as I come back disappear. You're crazy maybe two well, that's people
That's as many people as we're listening to Rick and suds on I and Z
I actually they I'm not gonna say they had like a water one six
I mean everything is relative they had like ones and the rest of the station had like point ones
See it's because of that stock market business
Yeah, that's right. Let's let's start ripping Rick so George will feel a little more secure over the weekend that we don't
They're gonna bring Rick in here. He's so funny. Wow the future is a rough point. I'll see fair value is minus two
Yeah, Rick if you would have stopped doing that that even sud said that you know, oh he didn't
Didn't he say hold on here? Oh?
But I stopped trying to be a stock maven okay Rick there are no stock mavens. It's all a big fat ripoff is what it is a big scam
And I still say Ted David and all of our people in CNBC. They should all be in jail. Oh, you know who's on
Fox now, which I never turned them on but my luck. I don't even know what his name is Jim something
He used to be on MSNBC news guys pretty good neighbors. Yeah Jim neighbors
He was I think he's doing Bill Riley
Oh right Rick Riley or Bill O'Reilly, but anyway, so he was a gym. I can never think of this guy. I think it's Jim
He used to do like daytime news on MSNBC then they put on at really great show. Um, you can impress. I still watch that show
Hey, to break the news. Yeah, I like that show
Have you ever seen it? Yeah, half a once and and yeah something happened to Pat
Yeah exactly see the near death experience
I mean, yeah, it's certain topics that will come up and his right wing leanings come back
I mean really come surging back
But generally speaking he's certainly a lot more reasonable. It used to be and the fact that Bill presses there and he got some interesting people on there
I have no idea what kind of numbers they get
But that's by far and away the best show on MSNBC
And that if they would just give her that fat Jerry Nockman and get him out as the news editor was he hasn't got a clue
What's all about get him off of there man?
He's like a male Rosio Donald big tub of crap Jerry Nockman
He's one of those people looks like every breath is gonna be like you know ever seen people like that who are so fat that it like like like the
Clotaries are just clogged at the point where their face is always red
And every breath sounds like it's gonna be the very last gas that's Jerry Nockman
Can't imagine why he don't have a big number on her
Especially in the dinner hour
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line and in a call is almost 100 votes 92
She's pulled so far away from Oprah that even if you put Oprah one of them damn much injure things on those segway she still couldn't catch her
209 for W 92 for an in a call
58 for fat ass Oprah changing again
Larry King 27 M&M 25 Bill Gates 18 Rosie stuck on 15 and Vanna is on Rosie's ass with 11
I bet you I bet you Rosio would like to have Van on her ass. Don't you think?
Yes definitely
Sure or under it
Or in it
Here's Pember Pine. Hello
Hey Leo. Yes sir. How's it going great
Listen I got a local guy local story no time Jake Femur
Yeah
Yeah when he were five and one Jay Fielder was the toast of time baby you you so called sports fans in this town are so full of crap
Ready to turn on our own dime
As if as if it was his fault that they choked and lost that last game
It was he was the one making it was the play calling not north turner
What do you see if you people knew anything about football first of all maybe those sports yours might be a little more interesting
But listening to these and well, what do you think about the dolphin schedule next year guys? What do you think about the teams are gonna be playing?
This is the 10th of January and we've got morons calling this radio station asking for our experts and perverts to critique the dolphin schedule next year
Jeez and what do you think of it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on I hear they're playing the NFC east
What giants Eagles let crowd
Who else is the NFC some real losers
Dallas Dallas in there
Washington Redskins. Oh the Redskins. Oh, that's great Steve Spurrier. They can kick his ass. I love that. I'll be rooting for the dolphins that day
Hate that Steve Spurrier in fact. I can't stand Bobby bound or Steve Spurrier
Now what's his name Larry coakers a good guy everybody tells us that we like Larry coaker on this show even though I'm not a hurricane fan
We like Larry coaker. He's not one of those assholes like Jimmy Johnson
Good guy
And you know something if they lose another game next season the heracune's after that disaster at the festival
Then they're gonna Larry coaker. He's a piece of crap. He's the biggest. Let's bring back
Dennis Erickson. Okay, let's go have a drink with Dennis. There you go
You're just phony man. Most of you people are phony
If they're winning the games they're great if they lose uh, you know if they choke a couple of games
They're right away. Oh my god Jay Feele. Now if you want to rip Dave wants that go ahead because I think he's a piece of turd, you know
I think he's weak
Look at a great job. He did with the bears for example
Ha ha ha
But you know it's very hard now. What's that saying? Oh, I thought it said a name. I got real excited
Here's Davie. Hello. Happy New Year Neil and same to you sir. I'm a black man who loves hockey. All right
I'll tell you uh Neil. I got a guy for you. He's a local talent. He's uh
He's a construction opportunity. Okay, great
5670560 let me say that let me read the poll again
Who's the luckiest person on the face of the earth most success least talent?
I have a difficulty understanding it. Should we should we like draw you a diaphragm?
Who is the most uh the luckiest person on the face of the earth? We're talking about somebody that everybody knows
Not some local guy. It's like a hammer and nail somewhere. We're talking about a major uh
something
God
How is it possible to have so many stupid people in one place, you know what
The weather
Anywhere else what do you mean by the death the weather is great right now right this is the only time to be here
I did a good job nice going Neil. Thank you. Snow it up in Toronto. It's colder than crap
windy blowing around a lot of blowing going on
But down here it's like just I like this and I hear some people oh yeah two damn colder ball crab. What's wrong with you man
50 degrees out there. I'm not putting on some jacket like some pussy you can walk out there. It's been figure-rating
You can read the fresh air remember I was telling you about that like in the fall in Toronto
Oh, that was great like in October
Some of those days were like days that you would like to like clone let's call a rally and see if we can clone some of them days
Just perfect you know like 65 and sunny and just a little pleasant breeze, you know between your knees
What more could you want
Facts as our pouring in here oh
Yeah, now here's a good one not that he's gonna qualify for this but I agree
I can curl wholeheartedly. I hate this person. I shouldn't say hate yeah. I hate this person
I would like to know how many times Chris Collinsworth has had to bend over to get where he is excellent point you are
Absolutely correct sir right on it. He makes me sick
This is Scott and Titusville. It says never as there been a more untoweled screechy voice A hole in sports
You're right. You can say asshole on the show Scott
I agree we're not gonna put him on the pool because he's not like he's small potatoes, but I can't stand Chris Collinsworth
Let's hear some other facts from Jim who says if you have George W
deservedly so you have to have jib
also, yeah
The I must make the funny look at how bad this faxes Jim gets your fact hit your toner going
I must made the funniest album 20 years ago the honky nuts this honky's nuts
swear with flier will have you peen your pants
Did you know that Eldon Harner died yes in fact dick fineberg your pop it will told me that the other night
Eldon Harner were the long time
I don't want to say great. He wasn't a great driver
But he was a good horseman his father leave our honor was a great hall of flamer
Eldon Harner died at Pompo Park about a week ago and also Chicago trotters are on stack where we know that which is why
Dean McGee is here or at least was here maybe still is there is the greatest man in the history of mankind
Hudson from Wayne Arnold's road castle at
125th of northwest 7th Avenue in North Dade right off fine 95 go there in the daytime especially open around the clock
For those great neatly burgers and whitehots
Wasn't this a good idea in my part look at how happy everybody is now thanks to live and any of that clown that fake
Shrink whatever in hell he was that called before let me just say this to you sir
How you doing Hudson good to see a happy new year
Just hand over the child. Okay, we're doing a very high paid radio show. Thank you very much Hudson
Give a big kiss to Wayne Tom the loot Tom to lose some weight. Okay. Aren't you a little concerned about him?
Yeah, well you should be take care of him. Okay. Thanks Hudson have a great new year
Now what was I just starting to say about that guy?
Well, yeah, it was giving me about wow, they say you're you're dwelling on negativity
Let me tell you something sir if we take a poll
On issue and ask for people to be positive about something as opposed to rip somebody and ask
It's no contest the responses 50,000 times more rip in an ass. That's just the nature of the beast, okay?
So we're not here like traveling to solve the problems of the world. I gave up on that
We're here to like try to you know stimulate the audience get some numbers get people listen
Get him whipped up into a frenzy about things that they can hang onto in squeeze
And that's what they want to squeeze is negativity
But blame me for it. I'm the one that made it like it. Right
I'm glad he's entertained though. That's that way. Yeah, it's amazing. He admitted that
He finds it very entertaining and what's wrong with ruffian people who deserve to be ripped?
I mean the kind of money that they're making right don't they deserve it sure
Let's see over extensions. See see what I mean about one dimensional rick's senses although he is on national TV
The calls about him really yeah
You have a rick's sense his fetish out there
I agree with you he makes my skin
Roll up and my blood curtle but the fact of the matter is he's such small potatoes putting him in a list with
George W and Oprah and Larry King and the Bill Gates and Rosio down
Who now even knows who he is outside of this market even though he is on national TV nobody watches MSNBC anyway
And you know something maybe that's part of the problem. I think they were doing pretty good till uh Sanchez got there
I shouldn't say that will get Paul Castanova upset remember that when Rick went off to seek his fortune with MSNBC
sure
And was on the phone on the year with Paul Castanova. He was just Paul was sucking his ass and sucking his fat ass
He said he sucked out about two pounds of our Castaro
I told him was olive oil, but you know five six seven oh
Oh five sixty pound five sixty so you get paid and freelance today Carlos what more could you want
Let me take a look at our website now to make sure that this homepage is looking as good as I think it should do new pictures in there
By the way just now
See there you go that's me again that psychic 526 goddamn votes and it's only 10 to noon boy. We're kicking ass today
Maybe see in George yesterday. We'll go back to the bedtime stories. We'll be screw you, man. I like him
I also I'll tell you what from eight till uh eight thirty in a more I'll read you bedtime stories. Oh that would be nice
Yeah before we go on a year like a little shy
Anyway, so let me see what kind of uh we got please blinded by the right
By David Brock you gotta go out and get that book this weekend. It's in hardcover, but steal some money
You go out and buy it. What a great book about this right wing but your lunatics are running this country now
Farrell granted bond while appealing DUI. Yeah, he's out
Suspended a sentence maybe
Most in least annoying of 2002. There's your link to that the pool which I think you'll enjoy. I'm terry oh quartz drags down law on medical pot
Uh the secret war on condoms
Excellent
Acquist priests were often on laws calendar former cardinal law
TV humiliation issue roll and falls uh fails to stem voter Exodus
Yeah, they cut him off right in the middle of speech. It was great
That's what they ought to do with bush
The bushies seriously uh dumb tax cut and those are the articles on there now. What am I supposed to be looking at the pictures?
Yeah, I don't know what is on there. He just I'll find out just a second. Don't
Tip the deck here. Let's see show and mark toy drive
Cast the QAM more QAM pictures here we go suds Georgian Carlos
Oh from suds visit oh
This is where we got some new pictures on our website
I don't see him, but it says more pictures. I don't see anything. It just says more QM pics
I think he screwed up Carlisle. It doesn't it's not working
Ha ha ha ha ha ha it's a good thing. I check this out he'd have been all weekend long say oh jeez
But everybody was excited about those new pictures well we would be if we could see him
So you've done something take his lunch away until he gets that fixed
5 6 7 0 5 60 pot. Let's see here's one that says yeah Wayne Hi Pinga
Yeah
Scott and Titusville quote while you were headscout the other facts was great. Wayne is I don't know
He's just not on the same level with those people. We can't stand him, but he's not in the same category
I don't think the people in Italy know who to hell. I Wayne Hi Pinga is. Oh here's a good one
That's somebody I can't stand, but he's not good enough to be on our Carson daily from MTV
despise Carson day. I can't stand Carson daily a man who is bigger than life itself
At least in his mind anyway a legend in his own mind when we do the poll about who's getting the best kind of pie that doesn't deserve it
He should go on there now here's one that says put that asshole bill or Riley on that list
Listing on the net and Cleveland see what Northfield Park. I don't think so, but say hi to what's his name
What's the driver I'm thinking of
That was here last year great to our Brett Miller say hi to Brett Miller
How come you don't know that?
Wally had a and Randy Tharves too not Wally Hennessey a Wally don't drive in Northfield all the way
Hey Wally have a good time in Cleveland. Hey get out of here
Don't be knocking my good close personal buddy Wally
Prince Philip
Well, he's he's just a figure head
He said he likes his head bill or Riley we put on her separate the fact that even though I can't stand him
He at least has got the big number there on our Phantom TV network on the fascist news
What are just pouring in now George man pouring oh yeah
I
Tell you that one there that little Jerry would have squirreed me writing in a feeding frenzy last couple of days feeding him which that
Inspires me to eat feeding frenzy got it got it Jerry
Who's been listening every day since I've been in here for the last 500 years and would never miss a minute of any show
Can probably recite verbatim everything on here got a lot of calls by the way board is full
Here's Jupiter hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I got two for you. Okay. What about that bitch? Dr. Laura
Yeah, I think she deserves to be on here. I don't think she's known the world wide all the way. I guess she is
Yeah, she is that and another radio one I think is that fat rush limbaugh
Well, I mean you can say no talent for the fact is that he's got all the ditto heads
He's got millions and millions of sickle fans. He put the sick and sickle fan. Yeah, that's true. Okay. Have a great day
Thank you. Okay. Here's pictures of suds Georgian Carlos that one works
Who's that broad in there that looks like Doreen? Is that fat Doreen? Is it?
It's not no. Who is that Toby tease whose Toby's tease she was the stripper de jour
She looks just like Doreen porn star also. Oh, what if seller you can me she looks like Doreen
No, no not quite as fat, but
How's Doreen doing by the way Miguel?
Oh, he's got a thoughtful food. He's got a mouthful. This thing is kind of like stuck
I did get there you're still working on that. Yes, he's still working on okay
Well, let me get back to my home page and stuff screwing around
Because this is a mighty important poll we take a day which seems to have struck the
Commitities fancy okay in spite of our shrink that called before the psycho ain't analyzed the show
Who's the next word on everything?
But enjoys tremendously the entertainment he's getting and the price is right
Here's Parkland. Hello
Hey guys, how are you okay great?
Um, I think this person actually started this note down deal. I can't believe known as ever said Ed McMahon
That's a good one. I mean Ed McNeill I will say this he did he did he did have one talent. I was kissing ass
Yeah, he did it well
Another thing you know I'm a heterosexual male and I love Joe millionaire really oh, yeah
Based on lies I can't wait to see these pictures. They just when they find out
Makes 19,000 a year and they're gonna go back to the end and get a job
Okay, bye. We'd love to him no interest
More contrived crap
Anyway, oh look at this this is from the a chronic radio group of you this facts these two faxes
Which I'm sure you despise that person
I can do it. You'll despise him in a minute
First one he says
Who's the most obnoxious uh chronic of all time we just got through doing that
Oh, and then oh
Some of the names that he's gone on there are so insensitive and grotesque this kid needs to be horsewhip
He's that it's radio taken away from and then on the second page is is Haney will bring back recon suds bringing recon suds
And that's just a shot at you is what it is
Take a shot of poor little defenseless George who's sitting there eating his free lunch while he waiting for that new contract to get signed
Which Greg came in and pat him on our back yesterday
Now what do you say don't hold your breath
Oh, this is Rosie of Donald and the clock am I stomach says it's the Neil Rogers 12-the-one hour and the way we go
Oh
That has really please go away
Find a new way to attack up a big go home and eat your whole homes
Till you explode
Just like your fat fat chardon ladies have to fight you seats on a plane
It's been in your fingers that have yellow stain from sea toes
Can't see your toes
After piggy poodles
Have to be fat disgusting and tasty
You make the show
They like a cow
Spatted
Think smelly fat sorry pulse of in mouth
Your body cheese smells like a wrapper
After it was occupied by head pass learning us you want to get into your car
Because you're too got him wide
I can squeal I can squeal I can squeal fat lady living with your lover less mean
Slaver and it's gotten the tree between
Her name that's potato yeast
Most fishy to me
That's my
Tasty
Couple two at five sixty w two and we're eating again on the air that's bad George
Bad to be down here. I'll tell you it sounds like hell
So the pictures are up crawloves
This time for sure okay, I'll pick your word for it go and check out the erogenous.com and click on pictures
And you'll see our carlos which not during large time don't do that
And you'll see who else is on air you and you and suds suds from his visit and durine
Hey listen to picture. I didn't click on to enlarge it okay
Hey listen, buddy. You silly people out there if you click on the picture it'll enlarge and make it bigger and the picture too
All over in durine's case you don't want to make her any bigger do
We can start an adult section on the website
Here's the fact this is how about putting Nicholas Cage or Steven Seagal on your list no
Although George W. Bush is the hands-down winner. Well, that's obvious. He's got 224 votes. I'll tell you
A very very impressive showing by Anna Nicole fat ass Smith 106. He's moved over to 100 vote mark
Even though she was the late edition
Oprah 62 Larry King 30
And then I'm 29 Rosie's got 20. She was also a very late edition
Bill Gates 18 Van a white 13 ought to be a lot more than that Jerry Springer and Regisies have 10
Barbara wallaw's got eight Bruce Springsteen sliced a little madonna each have seven pomebrogos got four
Merve Griffin's got a pair and Wayne Newton's got only that one
I thought that was a pretty good choice than you Wayne Newton
He couldn't sing as wide of a paper sack
Although he does have some red roses. He's got some of those for Blue Lady
Anybody out there every day to Blue Lady so he didn't like Duncan Shane
Thunky chain
No, I did not and I find it long I find him in every respect his the the entire ambiance and the whole routine with the mob
And with the lawsuits and would then be see I find him to be absolutely unacceptable
I thought that was a little girl singing that song for years it was
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
Here's a call from Davie hello. Neil yes, sir first time car long time with okay first one
White heterosexual redneck. Yes, good. We need a few of those
I like to two people to you with please
Michael Jackson and Camel Anderson
Now Michael Jackson as much as we find him disturbing and pedophilia and all the other stuff
You got to admit he did some pretty good stuff
Now that guy's just down right nasty. He is down right nasty
But in other words, you don't think he did any good music?
No, okay, but Pamela Lee I think that you get some very good
Support for that in here. There you go. Good choice. Thanks pal. Yep, good weekend. Thank you
Yeah, Pamela Lee, let's put to her on air Eric poor Eric. Well, I'm proud of us. We're interrupting your branches today Eric
I know the weekends coming
But I think Pamela Lee definitely deserves to be on air because she's another
Oh, although
Well, I guess we'll put him on put her on air
But the fact is when she was on Baywatch
She at least served some purpose you follow what I'm saying
Screen filler. No, no, she wasn't just a screen filler. Maybe the use she was a screen filler a lot of guys out there
In fact, when she was dating Kelly Slater
the surfer from Coco Beach
Even I was somewhat aroused by that thought not so much because of her, but you know
I
Was wondering what he was bearing between those large make-believe silicone breasts
You know what I mean? I'm sure you do
Kelly Slater, you know, there's a series of surfer movies speaking of those corny channels
I haven't Toronto on the digital cable. I guess they run driving TV driving classics
Uh, and these are the faggiest things I've ever seen. I think Bruce Brown is the name of the guy. He's got his married
He's got a son the whole day they were on there
But the whole surfer thing there's something about that you know what I mean?
But all those endless summer movies. Yeah, right. There's a whole bunch of those. Yeah. Am I am I wrong? No, you're not because I watched that
I thought this is and not that I didn't enjoy some of it. There were some really hot guys surfers, hmm, but anyway
But it just seemed to me like fag movies
Indeed, okay. Thank you. Hey, we finally agreed on something. I've only been 11 years
And I couldn't believe I guess you won't bring Rick and Sudson like app rules music. Yeah
And Shakira right we agree on those right
What else that's about it. I think we're not about father. Let's not get too carried away
5 6 7 0 5 60 here's a call from pepper pines. Hello. Hey, mr. Nioh. How would you like to hear a perfect example of abusive police power? Yeah
And in Halifax, Virginia the town has a public drunkenness ordinance
The local police went into a bar up there
Marched all the patrons that were in the bar
Right
Game of sobriety test and those that were drunk they arrested those that were drunk yet
We're allowed to go back into the bar drink. How the hell can they do that? That's that's the the mayor said that
That's the way it is because that's public drunkenness
Because a public when they marched them out on the street. Yeah
Some other words if they would have stayed in there for another couple hours and sobered up that would that would not be acceptable
That would not be acceptable excellent. What what town was this Halifax, Virginia
I think thanks for the good news. We'll mark it off our list. You're welcome. Thank you
Stata Halifax, Virginia. Okay, folks Halifax Nova Scotia. You can go there. That's okay. You're safe
They're real fascists in Virginia. No
I mean above and beyond any of the other I want to tell you right now because I was discussing this with somebody yesterday
The
South
The southern state the southern mentality nature of the US the Bible. They even when you look on the map states like for example
Nebraska on the Bible Brett built Nebraska geographically Nebraska certainly not in the south but
It's in the south problem saying Indiana
Indiana is right next to Ohio in Illinois sandwiched in between you think oh, that's a northern amid western state wrong
It says other southern state
Especially southern Indiana. I told her that time that I went to do basketball broadcast in Indianapolis
Attornament and we go into like a restaurant that talking could I'm saying we're never saying ever like y'all
I y'all my mom
I'm serious all of them you Indianapolis is the deep South, baby
What's point my point being that the US as a mugwom country is what it's turned into
Even like Virginia Virginia is not so far south on a map
No, nope
But it sure is in the nature of the people who live there at a whole mentality there
It might as well be might might as well be one of that like between Mississippi and Louisiana and Alabama and of course Florida
Florida
That's a problem
Our love on you
One you don't like onions
Why doesn't like chocolate
Never in my life as I met someone who didn't like chocolate
Good going this morning. That's probably after all you're talking about
Eating ass not a way before that I probably turn them off on it. He used to love it
You know what they have in Toronto like in any real city they have like all these vendors out on the streets
And they have like hot dogs or sausages like bratwurst or a tenant. I love the Italian sausages and they have fried onions. They put on them. Oh
man
For a while or they made them stop doing that because the health department stepped in there was something about
I don't know they were making a big fuss, but now the good news is the fried onions are back downtown Toronto boys and girls
That's a good news. He sweeps the dice onions off the little burgers
I'm gonna tell you right now ladies and gentlemen anybody who doesn't like onions is a communist piece of crap
Something wrong with like good little carlos
I don't know how can you not like onions do you know anybody else who doesn't like onions
Like children maybe you know how they don't like onions and green peppers and things like that, but no adult
Well, see I think you just touched on it. You look at him and you think of adult. That's an adult. I don't
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
See you got paid today though carlos. He's got a big smile space free lunch. You got a little paycheck and I do me a little
He was shaking the envelope. I could hear the coins rattling all the way in here right to the glass
We love that the what's his name. We love that clearance man
Sure, we're pulling for him. He's pulling it too is what I'm hearing a lot, but
We're pulling for him to get laid
Maybe muff could get him fixed up
Make it maybe he could take him off this weekend and get him
laid. I think in Hawaii
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T now I was taking more like on the 21st in Biscayne
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. How's it going Neil great sensational man. I got a true winner for the least talented
And it's you yeah, okay, thanks
Yeah, all right
Boy are we impressed about that or what 5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
See what I mean that shrink guy that called before about negativity these people are hostile
They're listening every single day, but let me take a shot come on
Let's take a shot. We're meeting gonna bust his balls. I got news for you pal
I got it. I got a fat one in my pocket right now
That's more than you're going to make in the next five years put together, okay? That I'm taking right to the bank
So blow it off your little spick ass
Here's West Palm Beach hello
Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got one for you. Thanks. Mm-hmm. How about Miss Cleo?
Oh come on. She's a great actress man
She's no seriously. She's
Yeah, mine because she don't know she didn't even really speak with that essence. She you are really put on
How'd you like to have an interest bearing account in the bank all the money that she raked in with that act exactly exactly is right
So cut it up. We like Miss Cleo on his show a lot
We're not too crazy about Paul and old Ron, but we do like Miss Cleo. By the way, Paul you're not getting the morning show
I just mentioned that again just in passing just to so you stop bugging PD Lenny and he stops bugging me
Already passed it around the building. I passed it around a little bit. I said oh that smells like Paul
No chance no chance in your pants your stuck with cheap channel and Rick Riley says he's be ecstatic
He believes to be away from them. I don't blame you Rick
See I always got along okay with Rick. It was George. I had a real serious problem
And I was got a much bigger problem because he knows that they're hovering like vultures
See suds was in here, but you know something he was just scoping the thing out
He was he was laying the groundwork for um for the suds. I mean for Rick and now they're recalled here today
See Rick didn't call about Mike
He called about to be an honest sorrow filling him when I'm not here
The Mike thing was just windowed resting at this point. I mean, you know, it's old news
So Rick and suds are getting together. They're plotting you don't look on family feud the family would get together and of course kind of embarrassing too
They were all done there underneath
I think there's a different word for that, but I'm sure they used to call it plotting
And that's what we're consented in their plotting after you're I don't want to say demise
Hey listen guys somebody much much older than you guys put together tried that already this year their last year didn't work out
I don't want to mention no names
Here's West Palm Beach hello
Neil yes sir all south Florida surfers are fags no doubt about that. Are they really?
Absolutely, huh, but there's one thing about the sport
No Schwarzer's will you ever see surfing ever? That's not true
No, no, and he's maybe not anymore, but in these movies I was talking about there was one
Maybe he was the token. I don't know, but they had one black guy. I was surfing well very small percentage
And uh, well, I said black people can swim
I'm sorry how many black swimmers do you ever see how many black divers when you watch they swim me
You don't see anything they can't swim
None I think that's part of the beauty of the sport that old means
Those big feet no you don't mean to sound racist rating like that, but you know, I think you have a good point
Black people can't swim white white men can't jump and black folks can't swim. That's what Greg Lucena said
567 boy this launches so damn good, you know, I think this was a masterpiece on my
My my my you don't like the other chicken drumettes. No, the best crispyest batch they've ever made there
Well, I'm real happy for you. Okay
592 votes on a pole shocking Pamela Lee is on there now. She don't have any votes
What the hell's the black hidden kid which I can ever remember his name damn it. They used to be on Baywatch
The short kid dark black here David Charvet. No, not David Charvet. That's like a little kind of fruity if you ask me
No, the really the kid that's it was on another show now. He's on some one of those nighttime shows
You know who I'm talking about we've been told yes you do he knows we've been through this 50 billion times
You know, I never watched it episode. He played Billy either he's Billy on some other show where he was Billy on Baywatch
We are nice looking little kid with this short black hair
Somebody will call I apologize to the audience, but when you get his old as I am you forget like where you live
I have to have somebody escort me to the house. So I remember where to go
And it's it's a real Billy maybe that is his name
Billy
Squire Billy Billy Max Billy Bibbit might be it
Somebody will fax it and it was immediately if not sooner. You'll see now. Why did I mention that?
Oh, cause of Baywatch and Pamela Lee. I'll take another person out. I can't stand who also belongs on our list
But we won't put him on there because Eric will be upset David Hasselhoff
Speaking of Baywatch boy. He is he just and you talk about a guy with an ego man. He's got an ego bigger than Mo
This guy thinks his stuff don't stink David Hasselhoff. Oh look remember that show I was in with a car. No. Yeah big deal
Nothing like watching some old troll like David Hasselhoff running out there in a bathing suit pretend to be sexy. Oh
Oh, well, you know something in this country and it sells
Just like these damn shows you talking about these reality shows they bring on all these unbelievably ugly people
And the really desperate like clearance their gathered around her said
You know they're rubbing themselves raw just looking at these grow because they think it might be alive
You know it's alive. It's on my TV. There's a little skin there, you know
Very sad
Billy Warlock. Thank you Billy Warlock. Was he one? Here's Hollywood. Hello general hospital. Thank you general hospital
Hello Hollywood. Yes, sir. Hey Neil how you doing? How you doing? How you doing? How you doing? How about the Martha Stewart?
Oh man, you know something she could be the winner. Thank you so much
Thanks a lot pal. You got it. She's on her Martha Stewart. How do we leave her out?
And you know what this what the moral of this story is
That there's a zillion
Untalented assholes running around out there who make it millions of dollars who can't do the squat. It's an inspiration
I think she wants to concentrate on her salad though. This is what I'm hearing
I love that that was the best
Well listen Martha did you really do insider trading? You really repot the ball. I'm concentrating on my salad
As she had her head buried in the bowl. She's enough to make me have my head buried in the bowl
12 17 we're gonna talk on money about toilets
All right, no seriously. Do you ever have a problem?
Did you ever have a problem with the toilet that doesn't is it the water pressure that makes you sometimes have to flush two or three times?
Yes, because they're all different kinds and in that bothers me
I've got a really crappy toilet if I can say that in recent days they've tried to make water
Conscious towards the cancer currents conservation
So they don't use as much water as the old-style
But I don't have one of those right well
You don't know I mean if your house was built in this century it might have a newer toilet in it
What it was that mean
Like the old-style toilets flush great, but if your house is relatively new like I know you were in my house is 10 or 11 years old
That's not that's new it is yeah, well my toilet stinks
Of course, I'm gonna stop to sniff it twice 12 18 at 5
60
WQM anybody else's toilet stink out there. Uh-huh, how about it does
Well, it's a new year and if you're thinking about losing a way that you packed on during Thanksgiving and Christmas and Channuka and
On New Year's even day
Here's an answer for you a great place to shop the lights of Westboker. What a wonderful joint
The lights of Westbokers and megastore for the Atkins diet or any low-carb sugar free diet
The entire store is dedicated to people like you who are sick and tired of walking in your supermarket and finding practically nothing that you can eat
There's good reason to join the thousands who travel to delight
They've got over 600 delicious outstanding low-carb food products like their new control carb chocolate brownies and forced crunches flavors
Only one and half carbs
Duff was us two and on them this morning said they were great
He said you can't believe how good those things are so whether it's carbolite ice cream bread chips muffins cheesecakes pasta and sauces
Delights of Westbokers the place you're gonna love and you can sample anything in the store try before you buy it
They got a staff who we know is they're crap. They're open every day seven days a week from 10 till 10
And they carry the most complete line of Atkins brand products in the world that are always
25% off all day every day. I'll suck us on Easter every day of your life
And of course everybody and their brother again is talking about Atkins because they're finally admitting that Atkins really works
That helps lower your weight and your cholesterol and triglycerides too
So check out the number one low-carb sugar free store in the world
Delights of Westbokers I'm the northeast corner glazed in 441 right next to Boston market or column tool free
1 877 low carb or on a web at low carb.com
You lose enough weight pretty soon. You look as just like Tommy Brady
Don't forget there's only one Delights of Westbokers your official Atkins retail center
My
We're sports radio five six
U.A.M
You're on God with a Houston Bobby Brown time to talk together about this famously turbulent marriage
You've gone ten years and they didn't give us six minutes to ask have you ever hit her?
Yeah, because I'll share an anger. It's not an everyday thing. It's maybe every other day
I now pronounce you husband and wife
You're looking at their wedding videos
We're in Houston marrying Bobby Brown
Your husband is controlling yeah turbulent. Yeah dangerous. Absolutely. Just leave
No, no, no, no, no, I don't want to go then. It's the life we live here. Yeah, because we're walking rollers now and this is forever
That's the
In other words, this is the life we have chosen as what worth of trying to say. I am so sick and tired of them
Oh
Whitney Houston and uh that disgusting obnoxious thing of hers
22 past known here's the facts that says from listener George
How do you like that David Hasselhoff would they just said only moments ago psychic again Arnold Schwarzenegger
I put him on there, but a lot of people get pissed off. They love him. They love Arnold
It says my older tight-in mom told me she used to carry whole onions to school and eat them as
Like an apple on her lunch break Utica free academy in New York 1953 to 57
That's why nobody would talk to your mom
Somebody must have no you don't have to talk the thus true. Oh, and speaking of that
Frank fax is this it says as far as Pamela Lee's concern
She definitely deserves on this list for lease talent even in her best performance co-starring Tommy Lee she sucked at sucking
Couldn't get Tommy off of the life of her
How do you like that? So not only is she disgusting obnoxious and plastic, but she uh gives bad head
Pamela Lee
I mean once upon a time for about two or three minutes there
She was very hot. That's when she was going with Kelly Slater then she's skanked out
So that proves that not all the surfers are fax Kelly Slater
Damn it
567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Martha Stewart's on a pull she wouldn't have any votes yet
And we knew this song. We got one Pamela Lee's already got a big pair
Merve Griffin 2
Tom bro change it again on me
come on
Pamela Lee's got the two Merve Griffin appear Tom broke off five
Madonna eight Bruce Springsteen's got eight Barbara Walters nine sliced the low nine read this film and in jury spring
Reach have 12 Van a whites up to 14 moving slowly up the ladder
Villegate's 19 fat Rosie O'Donnell 22 M&M 30 Larry King 34
Oprah 68 and Nicole Smith 1113 and George W Bush. I'll president say
240 votes
In case you tune in late first of all we have no idea why we're pretty pissed off about that our poll question today on the O'Rodgers
Dot com who is the luckiest person on the face of the earth most success least talent
And speaking of our website be sure and go there today because you've got some great pictures on there
Click on the picture thing and take a look at the
Doreen
Or whoever that is
I don't know and maybe it's just a bad picture she don't look all that great to me. She was a treasure round
Mm-hmm she's a port star. So what is that prove so is Ron Jeremy? Oh so is Randy West. Oh yeah
Different analogy so was John Holmes
So is Harry Reams
Obviously the guys don't have to look like anything. Why is that I don't know you tell me I don't know
In game porn movies uh well there's plenty of ugly guys near too
But generally speaking they're a lot better looking than only Peter North
And for a while what that was his name
The one that got real Tom um what the hell is his name
Tom Byron oh, I don't know. Yeah, you do you don't come on. I don't still look
But now he's gotten really freaky and nasty. I think he's trying to be John Holmes
successor successor
Here's a call from poppin o hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I speak into a Canadian from Montreal
Yeah, you get the best head the only thing is you don't swallow it man
567 05 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 t and right. That's that crazy guy again. That's the crazy man
Here's Hollywood. Hello. No, no, yes, sir. Hey, I was just wondering if that was really an old guy or if that was a young guy trying to act like a lady
It's a chronic illunite. He's a crazy person
Hey, I know that's unusual in South Florida, but he just happens to be one of the odd ones
I got a couple guys and speaking about the problem
I got the same problem and bug the living crop out of me so to speak
Man, I feel really I flush it and then you sit there and it's back at you. They're coming back
And you know wait, I mean my bones go down the tube you know, but the toilet paper stays up at the top
Oh, I see maybe or maybe one gets left and you got to wait a floater. There's nothing worse than a floater or two
Yeah, I have but I think what's worse than that is
When your uncle comes over and you know, you know, those people that they go to use the toilet and they miss they hit everything
Okay, great. Well, I'll do that on Monday. Okay. I'm right in the middle of my lunch
I mean this guy wants to give me like a blow-by blow a play-by play of exactly, you know
Like a basketball game. You know, like he missed the rim
Don't want to hear it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
Quit with your scatological references. Okay, sir. It's bad for our image on the show our riddage mad dogs
You manage it one Hank Goldberg from Crystal, Palisade, Bahamas, the three
Hopefully sounding better in New DS today. He was sick the phone line sucked
You got Chitko Panther preview at 7 a Panthers hosted the devils in a Macarena 7 30 and it came falls a hockey game and ESPN radio overnight because
Moe in on tomorrow morning
Which is a pretty sorry ass reason for programming on this radio stage to show the way he's manipulated these suckers on his place
Boy oh boy man
Here's Delray Beach. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? I got something for the whole okay. He's pretty disgusting
Like no, I'm not even sure what he does for a living. Caratop
Okay, he I don't even know what he does. I think he's full of acting the allegor. Okay, thanks. Yeah, I'm the pope
See you. What do you think? Caratop
George says yes, Caratop because you hate Caratop
So let's put Caratop on her. He'll get a lot of votes. It'll get a lot of votes
Well, why not see you're laughing now because you want Eric to have to do all of this Eric is trying desperately to finish his sandwiches
You know, so I said plural. He's trying to figure finishes lunches and you're like you know and encourage me to keep adding on it
That's okay
This is okay, and you want to know why it's okay because what did I tell you yesterday? Do I know what it's all about here or not
George
About this audience. Yes, and the response and the calls are no calls
What did I say if it's a list?
Your favorite music your favorite artist your least favorite the person you're most hated this they respond like crazy man
That's something because it doesn't require like an opinion. It doesn't require much controversy
And that's fine. So what we're gonna do is make the near-roads your show the list of the day every day
We're gonna have friends list as a guest on Tuesday
How do you like that? Provost classical music go cry babies
Yeah, we took our music away. Yeah, nothing I plan to write music
Where it's on k.t. Isn't it like I said
Kits the cat
They would they were bus boards and build and the bus benches catch the cat when I went there we actually had promotion on that station
How do you like that on a on a station with a terrible signal that had nothing but old Jews on the beach listening and we still had promotion
Well, it might encourage you to know yes that doesn't clearance around with whoever else looking at
At the cactus oh
A billboard's I thought we were talking about something else trying to get clearance some action. Oh
He won't get any there either
567 there we're gonna have some billboards folks
We're tired of belly-hicken about defos got billboards and time smith the schnitt whatever his name is
He's got billboards and everybody else has got him while 100's got footing in that other obnoxious guy with a phony
Pupac on there everybody's got billboards. We're finally getting some nice going air Greg you will lie in sack of crap god
So what do you say we're convinced of summer one
Sure five
I'm not asking you I'm asking the audience out there you're not saying sure you'd be you'd be crestfallen
You'd be depressed. Yeah, you would you can make a light of it if you like
I need the money everybody who does one talk show whether it's Ernie Sochi and whether it's Mike Spindell no matter who it is
They do one show and right away it gets in their blood. It's like a disease. Oh, it's it is a sickness gets in your blood
And you say oh, man, this is this is where it's out and of course
I'm really shocked because doing it in this town on this station. I would think you'd say oh not again. I got the comparative
What does it what does that mean?
How about an SNM session with somebody with a spiked whip? How about comparing it to that? Let me get back to you
Yeah, oh is Doreen back in here again? I
Think that was Doreen. I think you're making up listen
Don't be sure when you go to Treasur Island when George is there when the girl is going on Wednesday's a next through
There's going to be she's the feature. I had Doreen. Yeah
Doreen the pain king a queen
Snow and Miami that's right Tom lemon and Joe Prieto are buried the fact we have said how that so many cars
There's no place to park them even Tom lemon had to park cars in his driveway so they need to place one in yours your driveway
That is you following that good how is blowing out all the new vehicles regardless of profit including the Pontiac vibes starting
It only 13,998 and up to five thousand dollars off on every GMC on Boenstock plus get 0% financing or up to three thousand dollar rebate
They got all kinds of fantastic pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs. By the way speaking to SUVs
You know these ads they're running now with area and huffington all these crazy people
The fact of the matter is if you're driving any car it's according to their logic
If you're driving any car you're helping terrorism because it's going to the same company the same countries that are providing a good chunk of the oil
So that's the most bogus the most fallacious pilot crap if you're driving a Volkswagen Beetle
You're still having out terrorism if you believe they're both crap which we don't
And if any other car dealer out there said hey know you're a deadbeat you're not gonna buy a car here
Tom layman and the people in how it will cut you a deal amazingly enough even if you once worked in radio
It's a winter blizzard emergency clearance sale going on right now at howl at Pontiac GMC
134-01 South Dixie highway that's US one across from the falls open every day of your life seven days a week
And if you want to see people more money be sure and tell them you heard about it right here on the world famous most prestigious
Neil Rogers show call the Neil Rogers Neil Deel hotline toll free at one triple eight five three four forty two eleven
One triple eight five three four forty two eleven for a halod Pontiac GMC who still be no matter what they say professional grade
Oh god
You
Watch your guy
Where you're hiding
Where is it you know
Cause we're looking and we're gonna
Tell your home. Yes, you're done. We'll find your bones
Just a little bit. Who say
Did
can
That's why we
and all is explained to all in due time.
Just a different, just a different, just a different,
we know your line.
Just a different, yeah.
Just a different, yeah.
I am this B.C.T.
Your country is history.
I am this B.C.T.
Watch out!
I Rockies!
Okay, oh man, those always get me the ones that are in like real abrupt.
So Lynn Samil is another email who says she doesn't like onions because they give her
gas.
That's what she said.
Maybe eat a whole bunch of onions the next time you're going to produce one of those
misogrujios, it'll be a good idea.
And given the gas, if anybody I know deserves it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
A magnificent lunch.
But you're right, they pack in about 15 pounds of food in there and you're witness to the fact.
And I know people are like,
but I never, you know, because you're like me.
Well, look at that all the time.
Because they're trying to be nice to me, which I appreciate, but it was like the whole
pig's look.
Two thirds of it is in the in the can.
Thanks again, no Hudson, away in a food was delicious, it's sensational.
Win Arles Royal Castle.
Speaking of people with marginal talent.
British TV to Christina, cover up or go home.
Do you see the story?
Yeah, I heard about it.
Christina Aguilar has been told by TV execs in the United Kingdom that she needs to tone it down or else.
They must be talking about that latest video for her.
What of them?
What's that one called dirty down and dirty in the middle of the university?
The dirty, dirty, dirty.
The last time Aguilar appeared on a British TV, she caused quite a stir in her outfit, a bikini top,
chaps and teeny tiny bottoms, with the word nasty across the cheeks.
And believe me, she is nasty.
According to reports, hundreds of viewers complained causing an investigation by the ITC,
the British Independent Television Commission.
Woo!
We're always keen to have Christina on the show, but the skipping knickers and bottom have been banned.
On other words, she was shown too much of her bum.
Says the source at the show, CDUK.
Her last performance caused such an upward that we cannot risk it happening again.
A report by the ITC ads, this is a show aimed at children and dance routines that are overly sexual
or too suggestive are not suitable.
After being warned that she would be banned from appearing on any children shows in the UK,
Aguilar showed up for the taping of her performance in black pants, shirt and white tie.
She also dumped the bump and grind routine, sitting on a stool.
She was sitting on some stool while performing your song impossible.
They ever sit on stool.
Set a CDUK spokesman, Christina's life performance got the program into a lot of trouble.
We were relieved you turned up and more closed this time.
Oh, those poor, constipated brits.
Which I find amazing, because if you look on the British MTV,
or any of the other Brit and other European MTV and music channels,
there's more flesh on it than you'll see a treasure island on Aguilar to you that.
Shocking.
Maybe it was just her that they found obscene because it was her.
I think they thought it was a kitty.
I mean, she wasn't invited to the Buckingham Palace.
But when they had all the hors d'oeuvres out there, she sucked up all the cheese,
and they were pretty pissed off about that.
Seriously, if you put a trap out with cheese, you'd have Christina,
anybody out there watching Christina just put a little cheese right there at the door.
She'll be there in 15 minutes.
Here's Sunny Isles.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I got one for your list.
Well, I actually got a couple for your list, but one, I don't know if anyone mentioned it.
He's dead though, but what about John John Kennedy?
Yeah, he would have been good.
He would have been good.
That would be definitive.
Yes, if he were still alive.
The other one is Ray Martinez and Wolfram Lurk.
No, okay.
5,6705,60,0505,60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Isn't it sad?
You're people.
You're a little clack, little circle jerk.
Sit around.
Five years.
Only started at this radio station.
The curse of QAM.
The curse that we have to bear on the show.
The Cuban curse.
Here's a call from Boca.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I can't date for your poll.
How about the esteemed Al Sharpton?
Hmm.
Okay.
What?
It's nothing.
They're getting off topic.
Yeah, they're getting off topic, okay?
Generally speaking, politicians aren't supposed to have talent.
Which I, you know, that would be a good out for the president because he is leading by million votes.
But in his case, we'll make an exception.
He's a talented blowhard.
Al Sharpton.
He got to where he is under his own steam.
Well, and so unlike the president.
Oh, I see.
It was just, I was eating and having like a bunch of rich relatives who propped him up.
I made all kinds of shady business deals.
Like with a baseball team on the world company.
Five, I see.
Five, six, seven, oh, for all in a bad news is Al Sharpton says he's running too.
You see that?
Oh, he's going to get off a winded.
No, he is.
He'd be running, man.
I'm studying to say that every time.
The curse of the Democrats.
If it's not Jesse, it's Al Sharpton.
He's running as a Democrat.
He's running as a dark, complex Ojampra Vakertour is what he's running as.
He said, I just want to be me.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Happy and healthy.
And same to you.
I have one for your poll.
The infamous Sylvester Stallone.
He's on air.
Oh, okay.
Well, unfortunately I didn't hear that.
Sorry.
And if George was girl, he'd be all right.
Yeah, girl, period.
George, you'd be a lot better if he had some balls.
I'm trying to have a good one.
Thanks.
He's got a good point, I got what?
I'm germinating some.
No, you're not.
Because he's afraid for his job after he's once most started trying to get his ass canned.
Well, not everybody has an ironclad contract, you know.
Well, you do now.
We hear it's coming.
It's still that ironclad.
It's in the thing.
The red coming there just yesterday when a really good mood all of a sudden after I bitched in Mondeu a muff.
It's still going to say about the average way the gray treats us here on his show.
He's a piece of crap and a lion sack and Greg comes in here yesterday afternoon again long after I'm gone when the coast is clear, of course.
You mark my words.
I'm going to hide my car.
I'm going to go down here one day, park my car over at cemetery village next door that place that are parking lot.
And I'm going to sneak back in here again.
And I'm going to sit right in that corner in there.
And wait for him to come in here and start in with you.
Sit and jump out and go.
Go, go, go.
I will.
I'm going to open that door up fast and say, hey, Greg, you're full of it.
Instant death.
His heart will stop.
So anyway, he was in there yesterday, given you a song to dance and sucking up and we got the billboards coming up and your contract is just about done.
Well, what do you say about your contract?
It's just about done.
I don't think he said you're just about done.
Yeah, I think you misunderstood.
There's going to be a clause in there.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60.
So what do you think Rick and suds is coming summer or what?
The filling on the show.
Carlos says, eh.
Well, what do you care?
Well, that's right.
If it's Rick and suds, he'd be in there.
But if it's him, you're in there.
Well, you don't think I'm going to sabotage the show if I'm in here?
I think I threw away lunch too soon.
You know what would be in bad taste if I went back into garbage?
Have you ever done that?
It's sealed up in the sealed box.
Oh, yeah, it's in a sealed container here.
Right.
It didn't touch that really bad.
I mean, nothing got in there.
That's the rule.
If it touches something else, it's just...
See, I want the onion.
Now, there is no more onions.
It's bacon.
Oh, here.
Here's some onions hiding under the bacon.
Mmm.
That's the piss off, Carl.
Look at how he came to look at it.
How can anybody not like onions?
Or chocolate?
No, but I'm not...
We're not eating chocolate right now.
Chocolate is... will kill me.
But onions are good for me.
It's on these scackens.
Throw it in.
Mmm.
Man.
You see that fire breath and breath?
How about getting some garlic in here too?
Don't you love garlic?
You're driving him out of here.
You know how garlic?
I'm not an asshole, man.
God.
What do you like?
What do you eat?
Oh, but I don't want to hear the answer.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
Buy a carlos.
Have a nice culinary weekend.
Thanks for the great job as usual.
Did you tell him when he started here that I would be the most...
Besides the money, the most...
He'd get most abuse, besides money.
I told him for like a year that all he would ever do.
He would get his abuse and he wanted to hear anyway.
Well, he deserves it.
Here's your best Palm Beach, hello.
Hi, dear.
Yes, sir.
Hi, I got someone.
I mean, you'll have to make an exception.
What about Jeb?
Yeah, you're right.
But he's not an idiot, though.
He's not an idiot.
Wait, wait.
When the idiot is not the pole, the pole didn't say it was the biggest idiot.
We said least talented and most excited.
That's how we got there.
He's what?
He's...
He's lucky.
What do you think?
I think he said he's lucky.
Yeah.
He didn't say what you thought he was.
Well, you're out your way off.
Since Rick Riley called, I want the audience to know that since Rick Riley's called,
George has been losing it.
Losing it.
Because he's so paranoid and nervous that we're going to have Rick and Sudden.
There's one thing you should keep in mind.
If Rick and Sudden are going to come here and fill in, what are they going to want?
Money.
Yeah.
Does that settle out?
No, I know.
Okay.
That takes you to that problem.
Maybe they'll trade it out.
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to nominate the king.
Larry King.
He's already on there.
I'm sorry.
He's got 35 votes you'll be pleased to know.
Okay.
He's in fourth place.
Put your votes in for me.
Long me 50 dollars.
Okay, thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I better read the results again because we have people tuning in all the time.
Who's the luckiest person on the face of the earth most success least talent?
President George W. Bush is winning hands down your pants.
261 votes.
Nobody's even close.
But, and in a call, Smith who was a late addition got 123 over the weekend since this
pull, the up there all weekend long, she might give them a run for his money.
Oprah 73.
Larry King 35.
Call me fast.
You just said that.
Eminem 32.
Rosio Donald 24.
Bill Gates 20.
Van a white 19.
Jerry Springer and Regis Philbottie each have 12.
Slides to loan.
Barbara Walters each have nine.
Bruce Springsteen with eight.
Madonna's got eight.
Tom Broca's got five.
Murf Griffin's got a pair.
Pamela Lee's got a big pair.
Martha Stewart two and Wayne Newton still only one.
Aren't you surprised about that?
Maybe the audience likes Wayne Newton.
Or they just don't think he's in the same league with his other one.
He's not in the same league with president.
He's not?
No.
Like not with that in the call.
I guarantee he's made a lot more money than any call.
I'm not talking about how much he inherited in some old Coots will, huh?
How many songs did she write?
What did he write?
Duncan Shane.
He wrote that?
Yeah, he wrote that.
No.
I read a, there was a saw.
I'm going home and voting for him then.
14, 14 to one at five sixty Q.A.M.
Hey Wayne, Duncan Shane.
Slide in local.
Here's sports video five sixty Q.A.M.
Friday you bastard.
I'm going home.
I'm going home.
I'm going home.
I'm going home.
I'm going home.
I'm going home.
I'm going home.
I'm going home.
I'm going home.
I'm going home.
I'm going home.
I'm going home.
I'm going home.
I'm going home.
I'm going home.
I'm going home.
I'm going home.
Get more and think I heard sound.
Now there ain't no more again
Though I would not feel the most full
Now
And I would not be ashamed
About a ginger and bogey union
Just bold and then stroken away
Boy, baby, kill me you're not my type
Just sound like a nine year old kid
Only a macho-meldigite
You don't know this
That makes me flip my wig
If ginger was a lover of mine
If I bury my bull this feigny nose
Inside his pimply rear end
Though I would not be a sport old
Now
If I was not the closet face
That's why a ginger and bogey union
Would make me feel to be a gay
Everybody follow my thousand balls
Yeah, a ginger and bogey union
Would make my sorrows only as kill safe
If we had a ginger and bogey union
Then he wouldn't have to get me raped
To 1250xH1 at 560
That's number one with four bullets
By the way
Here's a call from Boker
Meal
And back to you
I think he's a Screamer
He doesn't sing
He just shouts and screams
I don't think he can sing
For a paper bag
He has a great voice
Tell what he's got a what kind of a voice no, I said he doesn't have a great boy, but he's a great guitarist and he's a great lyric writer
He's talking about Bruce Springsteen. They're George's puke
Well, he's right blinded by the light. Mm-hmm like I said
I'll pass even though his version of it sucked. Hey, he sucks. He just sucks. That's all
Bruce I mean if you like a lot of screaming and pugen
Great good luck to you. Okay Bruce you suck
He's the kind of guy that people want to get stoned out of their minds and go to a concert
They'll go and see regardless of what the music is. Do you want to follow what I'm saying like Jeff Cohen
He went to see springsteen he goes to see anybody because it's a good excuse to get just just absolutely
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a
AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Here's for a lottery. Oh, hello
Deal. Yes, sir. Hey, I got a name to ask your list the first what it works for you
I can only eat onions when they're cooked. I can't eat them at all on their raw. Yeah, well when they're raw they're like you know
It's a required taste, but I don't mind it when they're raw as long as you don't go overboard
Yeah, I can't eat them at all in their raw but you give them to me when they're cooked same with mushrooms and only them cooked
Oh, yeah, I agree with that. I don't like raw mushrooms. Move. Yeah, look. It's like a fun guy
You get you get exactly you feel like you're eating toad stools
Anyway, here's the guy that I have been saying for years, but I think it's a man. I can't say toad stools
Go ahead. I'm sorry. I can't say to
Pretty good. In a long time, but in some others anyway
The guy who I think is gotta be the luckiest guy in the world. It's gotta be Tom Arles
Okay, yes, somebody else said that. I mean, he was a nobody. He married somebody famous now
She's no longer around and he's still doing the movies all over TV
Ah, just close me away. Okay, we'll put him on her
I'll have a good day. Now let's put Tom Arnold on there. What do you say, Eric? No, yes, we're putting Tom Arnold on there. You know who else?
Oh Drew Kerry
What I forgot all about it you agree. I saw a stand-up routine and it was funny, but that was like 20 years ago
Oh, well, I'm sorry if he's got a little bit of talent and let's not knock him. Let's not knock a fat goofy guy
I guess he's making money. I don't know why I will find him even mildly. I mean you don't want to put Tom Arnold on there
I just feel sorry for him because he had to put up with that for I don't know days wait a minute
He had to put up with it. How about if he chose to put up with it?
All right, that's a good point. He chose to put up with it. You know, he's a mediocre actor. I mean he's not like
Atrocious or anything. He just Tom Arnold. Tom Arnold. He just shows up. Does his lines?
That's spectacular or anything like put Tom Arnold on a list right away, Eric
5670560 pounds like I said Rick and Sajas are certain sound real attractive
Lake Park. Hello
Lake Park
Hello, Neil. How you doing? Long time first time. Yes, sir. Happy new year to you. Ah, you're talking about people
How about your buddy that pedals all that flea market stuff Ron Popeel
There's pasta machine and all like you think Ron Popeel doesn't have talent to be able to sell that crap to the public and make millions and dollars
You got to be kidding man. Well, true. He paints his balls ball
Now that was the best if you can sell although obviously you notice how well what a brief period of time that was on
But if you can sell guys on spray and a hair out of a can you must have some kind of talent remember that the Ron Popeel
Spray here and then of course he walk out and will be raining and
And he there he looked like
Al Jolson
GLA look like he'd be doing his info commercial in blackface
Like push paint your balls fuck because that's what the guy said
But you weren't listening because you were huckin' a trinic 5670560
Pine 568080 and Verizon line. I'd say this way in our old man. This guy's good
He really has a good look at that. It's the new
It still looks bad to me. It's the beast. Oh, that's only from the neck up
Now see you know what you should do you should grow some hair
What are you laughing about?
Don't you think if he had here in fact listen
Maybe you could borrow the one from Luis Miguel over there
Wouldn't you would he be lovely with a muskrat on or what that's him
The beast with a muskrat hairdo
It's right over there on Luis Miguel's out there for head there
Just lift that baby on and let's take a look
Oh, is that Daniel
It's Daniel Goon
Man oh man if that isn't the beast or what it's too small for his fat head
He's got the fatest head of anybody ever seen my enemy
We got some that aren't all sealed up. Yeah, it's trying to find one that'll fit like a size 42 cap
Here's Fort Lauderdale, huh? Hey Neil. Yes sir. Scott Mitchell and Ron Jeremy
Yeah, those two guys are pretty lucky. I think I've ever seen the two of them together
No, I think Scott Mitchell. What do you have one good quarter and they got like a 20 million dollar?
Yeah, the interesting part of that is I've met both of them nothing I'm bragging about it
But the Elle Goldstein brought slept around Jeremy in here that one day
And then once when I was doing that awful
Informershaw for Kendall Toyota. Yeah, remember those days
Scott Mitchell was the guest on the other segment of the show so I met him too
What a nice guy but like a big farmer kind of and they paid him 11 million dollars that year and they said well go away
Yeah, he became a think a thirsty quarter back
Exactly
And you know what she could put in there the writer for the Sun set and a flabnic or something like that
The guy has not made a one complete sentence if you ever read his stuff on the front page there. Okay
Quit while you're ahead. Yeah, I think that's slobnic or whatever's name is
See the question is who is the luckiest person on the face of the earth most success least talent
I don't think oh the beast says that's me most success
Now do you want it we got a couple of minutes here? Do you want to tell us if the real story the inside story about getting canned up at that morning show
And where do you get your information
Why see this is a good pair we got George and the beast in the other room together now man
The pussy factory's just oozing for the guy said what do you mean what have I held back
Oh come on are you kidding? It's something um, it's easy to say okay. We've only got three minutes left
Yeah, you can't go a whole show over ten more seconds. Okay
How about all the times in Toronto when you be playing that
That the well because the inquisition was in progress. Oh, I see so nothing by it now that the inquisition is over with
Let's wait till you get that contract sign. Okay, that's good. Oh
Say see what I mean toxic good game. Oh, yeah, good point. It nothing. I won't say it
I said it during the case of the beast. What's he got to lose here? Oh, that's right. It's keen stuff. Oh nice game by the way
I don't mean your performance because I didn't hear it great game beast
And don't be beliacin about a bad call list
We got through it because the fact of the matter is they should have won by about 40 points. Oh, how does state blows?
They're really like uh, they're not very good
Yeah, they're not very good. They're not very good. You want to see what a kick their ass or you can me?
Do you debate that? You want to see what a kick either one of those teams asked right out there to mop the field up with them
The way they play that night. I'm talking about if they would have played the way they did
Oh, I was state birding out by Cincinnati
See you think that you're looking at some schmuck. We don't know what he's talking about. Okay
I
Know my sports better than some of these assholes in this building. Oh, I talk a big game the jets to me
We don't know anything
Except how to make people's lives miserable. I don't want to get too specific
Or fool or really good right now
man, well, I'm finishing up. I'm finishing up. I did I did reach back in a waste basket. That's bad
No, it is bad
But it's so good is such a shame to waste in fact if I know the beast was coming and we could have given some
Atkins now are you getting the sack again or what? We're back on the sack
I may be next week when Troy was back in a tell we can find out what's going on with that thing
Troy strafford has butchered that account which we don't want to have happened because the food is really picked up
It's a bit a lot better
Did you get the blinces? Did you get the cheese blinces?
Right, I got that tune. I didn't order that
Yeah, start sending this up that we ordered Troy. Okay, not flounder and salmon. We don't want no flounder and salmon. Okay
idiot
Anyway, how that final lottoed london pulls see this is bad this eating on your stuff you better quit quit
In doing that to me. Let's Gary Bruce said
Why?
Don't you remember that was that first scream entire rate almost got fired because you were eating on the air and I was supposed to stop you
For what reason because it was bad radio or because you were trying to
Bad radio and I'm supposed to control you and if I can't control you he'll get somebody in there who can like Roger and you custom out in the hall and everybody was running for
Whatever open door really through closed doors. What an asshole
Six hundred eight. Oh, you see that I just spit out a little piece of white hat over my damn. Oh, keyboard
Six hundred eight three votes Tom Arles on there. He didn't have any votes way Newton's stolen got one
Pamela Lee appear big big the not real
Merth Griffin appear Martha Stewart three Tom broke our five Bruce Springsteen eight marble Walters and Madonna nine
Slice to low and ten Jerry Springer's got 12 read just film and be having 12
Bill Gates 20 22 for vana rosio Donald 24 M&M 34 Larry King 35
Oprah 76 ah it's changing again. You can't you we don't have time for you to change god damn it. Come on change real fast do it move it
Uh and in the call Smith hundred and thirty one and George W. Bush 269
My name is for learning
