Spider you bastard, Morrell and Jim Rowe making passionate manly love
Oh
No
You know, Scrooan and sales told me she caught he has there she was breathless. She said he's got the big it for
All big balls in his pants. She's ever seen in her life
It's a 10 or two at five sixty W
WQ I am happy Friday to you
I'm just happy
Like I said if we just had transmit her maintenance they would have been good
But now we got like a real living and breathing first on there. So what do you think how do you do?
I heard five minutes. Yeah, I heard about five minutes to
What I do improvement. How's that a major improvement?
And a guy that doesn't take himself seriously see that's one thing I've been trying to tell you people for years
These assholes that get on the air and pontificate and they're gonna like change the world on some stupid ass radio show
Ain't gonna happen
We're in the goddamn entertainment business. Okay, lighten up a little bit some of you assholes that take yourself too seriously
But I certainly don't want to get into personalities. Do I know not on the air not on the not on the air off the
We'd like to talk about mole and other people
1442 votes on yesterday's pool. What's your take on graffiti? This just isn't the right crowd for the graffiti discussion
Only six people write a three hundred and fifty nine of you said only six people write graffiti or three sixty now
260 folks almost 35 percent think that only six people write graffiti. I don't believe that for a second
No, you have to be sick to like draw little dude ads and I don't know
It's just they're a lot of doodlers though aren't there a lot of people like in the office when they're bored to tears like most of our sales people
They sit around and doodle on a pad
Huh, how'd you like to have a dollar in a bank for every person who sits around doodling?
Right right so what's the difference?
What's the goddamn difference? They're just doodling on a different thing in a different place. That's my take
I love to read it graffiti three hundred and sixteen
This topic is disgusting work and I see some 190 I
write
My favorite response I write graffiti and drill drill glory holes
126
We got a pretty proud out there boys and girls
126 people in this audience and this answers a lot of questions you may have had about our colors over the years
Oh, yeah
126 I write graffiti and drill glory holes
I've never seen any meaning graffiti 27 I don't I mean those are people have just need to get out of the house and
I love to write it 21 out of oil over a thousand votes George has got a problem now
He loves my dog my life ain't worth living and of course I have very little sympathy for people who don't to keep control of their pets
Yeah, my father's I'm just not when you're all no
Terrible thing his poor little pomegranate. How old is a dog about nine?
About nine I don't realize you had to dog that long. Oh, yeah
So here's a family petty let's a dog out last night to do its thing
Goes back inside because the dog is a dog run around. I can relate to that
They take their damn sweet time, you know, they're sniffing for the right spot and comes out and low and behold a dog is gone dog gone
dog gone it and
and
searching and driving and looking and scouring and
No luck no no the worst part of it is he just given the dog a bath and
The dog doesn't have any color or tag on but he doesn't have a micro chip a micro chip implanted in his
somewhere yeah because they put it in their chest he had just had surgery because that
Kidney's the blotter stones. Yeah, so we need the special medication and food
Boy, yeah, this is a this is a heartbreaking story to start the show on
George loses his damn dog
So if anybody out there in the Hollywood area right sees a little pomegranate. I'm assuming it's like a brown like the light brown
Like a butter scotch colored right freshly groomed so the hair is relatively short
With no color no tags. Yeah, that's a Georgia's dog, but he had a suit
Pictures help us out. Okay, because there's nothing worse than losing your dog
I know that I don't really know that because I never lost my dog $500. I was a lot more responsible than that
I never got a lot of drinking 500 bucks. Oh, is that what it was?
What the cost? No, that's what I'm offering for you. I'm gonna go look for it
Yeah, 500 bucks. I think you get a lot of people out there looking for that dog
In fact, you might just bring a whole bunch of dogs
Well, we'll pick one that looks close and say is this close enough to pacify you people? No
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Hello
Well, what's just happened to that?
Did you see that? Yeah, they died. No, no, they didn't die. They just something happened. I didn't die
Let's try Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir
Great
No, I don't he's gonna talk about what everyone wants to talk about
Huh
So who cares? Let me say it again. He'll talk about whatever he wants to talk about
See that's one of the problems with you people in South Florida many of you
You think that there are people who are exempt in addition to which it's not so much the audience
But they've been conditioned to this by the sports nerds, you know, because on our radio station especially
It's really bad. There were some people who are beyond reproach. You know what I mean?
You know like Dave Wonstead and then we used to be Jimmy's Johnson and oh, you don't want to be knocking them
You know you because because our people generally speaking shill for these people especially
If they're in the dolphins organization or the hurricanes
Yeah, Jimmy and Danny Danny and Jimmy well
Here we got a guy and there's gonna open up a mouth and say whatever he really wants to say and I say all right
Sam time
Just like that Wayne high-pinger crap. Oh near Rogers will never be on Q.A.M
Because Wayne will never put up. Yeah, right. That was six years ago. That was the late Chris Moore Christina Moore talk of that crap
How I'll never be on this station you should live so long Christina
And you suck by the way. I got a story that is so scary and
Even though it is on our website
Most people I mean most people don't read the stories anyway the bedtime stories
But even those who do they wouldn't be see why aren't people on the year on the news channels on the talking hit channels
Screaming at the top of their lungs about this and this is something that happened back in February
First I've ever read about it. Have you heard about it? What about this story about the library computer
Not since he factored not till you factored this is a story it's written by Susan Hildrath
Freedom to read big brother out of our libraries in the San Francisco Chronicle yesterday
She says libraries especially in San Francisco have a long tradition of catering to the diverse literary needs of the people
They serve as a result libraries have become a valued source of information for individuals families and civic groups
But after 9-11 the bloodline of libraries are believed in the freedom to read is being seriously undermined in
The name of homeland security
In the aftermath of the terrorist bombings on New York and Washington attorney general John Ascroft
Pushed hard for the passage of the US Patriot Act
Which presented drastic changes to our nation surveillance laws and granted new intelligence gathering powers for the FBI and other
Agences as our country morteds on parallel losses the bill was pushed through Congress with minimal debate
The pay-trade authorized investigators to search a warrant for items in a library or bookstore
Which can include circulation or purchasing databases hard drives user registration information computers and internet files
Prior to the passage of the Patriot Act a library quite agency provides specific evidence to show probable cause
Injustifying why a search was needed for a criminal investigation
Now an agent must only explain why he or she believes that the record may be related to an ongoing terrorism or intelligence
Investigation in other words, they just make up whatever crap they want
Another troubling aspect is that the proceeding for the warrant takes place in closed court and the information soft
Does not have to be directly connected to a suspect and an investigation aside from being forced to release use the records
Library staff can't mention that a search has occurred or that items were given to the government due to a standing gag order
Therefore our records can be taken without explanation while we sit tongue tied for bidden to let the general public or fellow library staff
No one searches have occurred now comes this paragraph that you should embroider on your ass, okay?
I want you to listen very carefully to every word in this paragraph
The US Department of Justice stated in the document released to Congress that these new powers have already been exercised in libraries across the nation for example
A library in Santa Fe, New Mexico reported in February that a user on a library computer
Accessed a chatroom and wrote sneering comments about President Bush. He was arrested, handcuffed and interrogated about his writings and online usage
I
You understand the destuplicate track of everyone
Hey funny, I mean what is there to say?
God help us a library in Santa Fe, New Mexico reported in February that a user on a library computer
Accessed a chat room and wrote sneering comments about President Bush. He was arrested, handcuffed and interrogated about his writings and online usage
Read the bedtime story on our website on neo-ranges.com. You're looking at that the hairless picture of Mo also speaking of our website
Our hot couples contest number three is up to a very slow start
I guess they're waiting until we get a little closer to the deadline. Okay, sure
Maybe they're trying to find somebody to take a naked picture with we do have one naked picture
You only probably promise you don't know if it's a gag if it's for real if it's a party picture
We don't know what it is. Well, it's a party. There's a whole bunch of people standing around a bed
And on the bed is this couple this maybe they're hot maybe they're not because you can't see their faces or they're you can't see their push
Miguel said it's fake
Miguel said it's fake. Yep. Face down more close look, but that's what he says based on what what's fake about it?
That it was altered. It's a fake ass
It's a stunt ass
Hmm
Maybe that's why there are no names connected to it. We do have it anyway. Just the email is your picture
Okay, let's do another date about that prize because we were talking about it yesterday
Yes, and we do have a hedonism trip as well and what we discussed with Miguel was that the winner can choose which place
They want to go to because one one place includes airfare and the other place includes food but no airfare
So they can choose and then the second prize will be the other one
Okay, well, what's the one? What what is the trip to the Bahamas?
Right the trip to hedonism and Jamaica
hedonism and Jamaica man right which includes food and stuff and drinks but no airfare
Okay, Bahamas includes airfare, but no food and drink. Okay. Well, we'll go through the whole thing again a little later on
I don't want to get behind again like we did yesterday
We'll wind up with like 45 minute breaks because our sales department still hasn't been made alerted
you know, I
Think it's the water Nazis fall
12 minutes after 10 at 560 W2Q
I'm out today where they give you the straight poop and that's pizza loft man
Jeff Cohen has been doing it for a long long time and he's going better than ever
In Davie, you'll find him on university drive right between the gripping and 595 behind here
When imports kitty corn of the new armadillo cafe with about four billion free parking spaces right there in front
It's so convenient you can fall in right off university
And they've got delicious chicken and veal and seafood three different kinds of great pizza
Calzone super subs and a best-am garlic rules you've ever had in your life just dripping with garlic man your fingers will smell
Erotic for months to come and at the pizza loft you won't break the bank either because the portions are gigantic
Everything is cooked fresh and the prices are teeny and tiny
So you can take the whole family the whole gang and they're over and over again for lunch for dinner for late nights
Snacks too for take out for liverier catering and Davie call 954 916
88
954 916
88 80 and the good news for us out there in Westbroward is the noun plantation is a second-broward pizza loft location
That's run on a corner in Navajo and sunrise behind wall greens same great deal same delicious food and the same low prices
For take out delivery and catering there call 954 3a 299
954 3a 299
When it comes to low price delicious fresh goodies if don't get no better than the world flaming pizza law
Yeah
Hey go up those checkered pants
Oh
Gum that's great for
Delish
Well the name stock and soon everybody in the town one of the pieces is squirtalicious gum
Oh, and the big squirtal is for a big-soluble like you today
It seems people crave the man's invention even more but the mystery remains what is in the gooey center of that gum
Oh, I'm not sitting.
But do I feel better?
Squat-Olicious, the frame of the unique gum.
1017 at 560 WQM, Happy Friday to you.
Sonny and 70 today in Toronto was a beautiful day here.
And now it probably stopped raining there by now.
What, didn't it?
Oh yeah.
Got damn time.
Finally, yeah.
Jesus, got almighty.
At any rate, you know, see, this is the typical soft-floater response.
Now, wouldn't you expect that finally, now, yesterday, of course,
for all didn't get on a year.
We had the lightning strike.
Little Christy was out of the transmitter, didn't work out too good.
And so we never got on the air, except for our 20-minute internet show,
which we thank the very ugly Jim Sarny for mentioning that in his column today in the Sun Sentinel,
that we did a 20-minute internet show, which evidently had a lot of people listening.
And a lot of response on the phone.
But today is this for his debut.
And I come on here and I say, well, what do you think?
You know, what's the, I mean, I didn't really say that.
But, you know, I'm thinking out, thinking out loud.
Right.
Were you thinking that out loud?
What do you know?
What do you say?
Yeah, yeah.
What do you think?
Yeah, I mean, we got this big change.
For example, here's the facts.
I mean, before I get started with today's pool and all the other good stuff and bad stuff,
you know, you'd expect, but then again, this is South Florida.
They're just not very forthcoming.
They have nothing to say.
Every line and edge board should be lit up now saying,
what, that was really a, what a breath of fresh air or man.
He released sucks or what kind of a voice is that, or something, you know?
Anything.
Yes, something.
And there's not one line lit on a board.
There's not one call on there.
What was that call you just had there?
Somebody asking about the story you just read and I told him that it'll be up in about 10 minutes.
And that's something?
Yeah.
And everybody's sitting back, like that.
Watching big brother and big sister and big mama and big papa.
What, what a bunch of crap it is, man.
You're living in a, I always used to say we lived in a police state and that was before,
that was before this group of Nazis took over.
That wasn't the good old days.
Right.
That's when we were free.
So to speak, we're litably speaking.
Anyway, here's a fast from the Palm Beach troublemaker who says,
Ray Pharrell versus Mo.
Mo came around barking.
See, that's nice.
Didn't be talking about barking when you lost your little dog.
And I'm not going to read this sick fact that somebody said, you know,
help from your dog.
He's lost on most head.
That's bad.
Although we are getting some calls out to your people they're looking and they want to know what the dog's name is.
We didn't say it on the air.
It's what the dogs name.
Nikki.
Nikki.
What kind of a name is that for a dog?
Short for Nicholas Copernicus because, you know, he was prosecuted by the church.
No wonder he ran away.
Well, we don't call that.
No wonder he ran away.
Mo came around barking, showing off and spreading like a purebree,
thinking it was above it all.
His first move to impress us was to try to bite a couple of the smaller dogs' heads off.
Like here is George.
Then when Anthony worked, he tried to suck up to the big dog,
all whimpering and sniffing and looking around asses and balls.
Didn't work, Mo.
Bitch.
It says, how refreshing that the new dog in a block can come into the neighborhood with a,
I'm just one of the guys attitude.
Is that his attitude?
Granted, he's a flea bit in Mongrel with no collar and eats out of the dumpster,
but he's not afraid to pal around with the pack.
Ferelle rules from the Palm Beach troublemaker.
See the only done one showing already.
He rules, man.
That's what this guy says.
Ferelle rules.
That's what the what's your name said, too, Doreen.
She's a liar.
Here's a call from Boca.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, me how are you?
Very good.
I love Ferelle.
I had to use to listen to him on ESPN and I didn't love, didn't enjoy him that much,
but since he's been all with you guys and has a local flavor, he's just great.
Yeah, and the best part about him is he doesn't stick to all the boring sports stuff.
He's all over the place.
He is about 30, about 30, 40% sports.
That's for sure.
He's about 30% sports.
Right.
Okay, pal.
I'll go.
I'll go.
Put me down.
Have a good one.
And you too.
Let's put everybody down.
Here's our poll question for today while you're chewing on this other thing.
They're just adding on.
What kind of people are we dealing with?
You know, you ought to know.
I do know by now after all of these years, but it's so depressing.
It's you think, you know, I want to say something here.
You know, I want to say something.
I got an opinion.
Not that anybody really gives a crap about your opinion, but you know, we like to pretend that we do.
The whole world is listening.
It's hinging waiting to see your, for your take.
What's your take?
And you think they'd be just falling all over each other, get to the phone.
Especially now that we're starting at 10 and we got the new 10 to 2 thing back.
Because we love a lot.
And now that we got a real lead in, if we love a hell of a lot, I'll figure that out.
I'm trying to figure out.
I love it.
That's it.
I mean, how can you beat that?
Right?
With a stick.
You can beat it with a stick.
With a hockey stick.
By the way, how about those ducks, huh?
Or did they suck?
I told you.
Koma, they couldn't score into an empty net.
If they had like 15 guys out there and the devils had like just broodora, they still couldn't score.
Who is or was the most overrated celebrity of all time?
Now, we've done similar polls in the past.
Maybe we did this exact same one, but it's been a long time.
And the reason I was inspired to do this today is because of all this hoopla about Bob Hope yesterday.
And it's 100th birthday.
Right.
Hey, I mean, he can just barely make a sound over and over and over again.
Speaking of sounds, here's where I know this is your favorite for the list.
Justin.
Oh, Justin Tinkerbell.
Uh-huh.
Oh, he definitely belongs on.
Hey, Justin.
Bye, bye, bye.
Yeah, every five minutes.
Justin Tinkerbell.
Okay, anyway, who's the most overrated celebrity of all time?
We got a short list to start.
And I'm sure that I'm not sure of anything.
I'm thinking that maybe the audience will add to it.
I'm not sure of anything to wait.
This crowd goes, you know, we went through that whole business yesterday.
The station was off the air for day and near three hours.
And we somehow managed to, I don't know, put a few of the pieces back together again.
But in South Florida, boy, you're up again.
Oh, and I hate to break the news to you.
But you know that stuff.
You've asked me at the end of the show.
What about those art bell people?
Yes, forget about it.
Really?
Oh, yeah, they want me to like start my career all over again.
You didn't read it carefully enough, these people.
You know, they want to like reinventing your Rogers and then syndicate the show to some big come.
I got news for you.
If I'm on here in other two years, that'll be a lot.
Okay, I'm at the end.
I'm not looking to start any new, uh, any new adventures.
Okay, you get on there.
All right.
Yeah, you can, well, I'm then piped.
I'll listen.
Yeah, you and being a boy, you can do a two-spick show.
Anyway, who is or was the most overrated celebrity of all time?
Bob Hope, Mariah Carey, Elvis Presley.
That would be a sacrilegious to say the king.
Dean Martin couldn't sing his word about papers sack.
Bing Crosby, another one.
Frank Sinatra, Michael Jackson, or Justin Tinkerbell.
I think we've got a great start to this list.
There's eight.
That's a good start.
And we can put like a hundred on here if we want.
Because there's a lot of us, celebrities over the years have been,
and I realize a lot of these are old timers.
You know, like Bob Hope.
Bing Crosby, Sinatra.
Even Elvis, I mean, our audience ain't in Elvis.
Now, what is this story?
What is this thing that the Miguel must have just faxed me?
This is the, the contest breakdown so that you have the details.
Hot couples contest three.
Winner with the most votes has the option of choosing one of two vacation trips.
Choice one, three day two nights stay for two with the Royal Oasis Resort in Cassino and the Bahamas
with round trip thereafter, Unleeker Air included, and choice two, three day two nights stay for two at Heedonism 2 or three in Jamaica,
Mon, all inclusive, transfer his food, drink, gratuities, and entertainment, no airfare.
Winner with the second most votes wins the trip, not chosen by the first couple.
Oh, I'm gonna, I'm gonna swoon from this.
This is so complicated.
Either choice one or two.
And third place, couple with the third most votes gets dinner for two with the pizza lock.
And the only choice you'll have is from whatever's on the menu.
Okay?
Okay.
So email us your pictures.
Neorongers.com, all you hot couples out there, male and female, male and male, female and female, human and subhuman.
That's contest at Neorongers.com.
Now, look at them writing on this facts.
I mean, this is the most chronic facts here, not a bad facts here, but it's just chronic.
Well, I think I'm burned out on Southfoot.
I'm just burned out on the people, you know?
Yeah, you should move.
No, I'm serious.
I don't like go to Toronto or something.
Yeah, well, that's not for the side.
It's just that these people, you look at the writing like yesterday that one scrawly one that was so out of control.
At least I can usually read his crap.
It was just so wound up yesterday.
I couldn't even read the stuff.
And here's one that says, I know chronic facts here.
And you are absolutely correct.
Where did that library article come from?
I just got through Tonya.
It came from the San Francisco Chronicle.
It's on the net.
It's on our website.
It's on common dreams.com.
It's all over the place.
It says, I almost fell off my sheer sheer.
For well, it's a great lead in is what it says here.
Great lead in.
I can listen to my little brother, Hummetallica.
You jerk.
He's a nut all over the place.
Hope George gets the doggy back.
I bet his home life is sucking wind.
Well, boy, that's nothing new.
1026 at 560 WQA.
And there are just four nights of live racing left.
Before the close of the Pompello Park harness meet.
Pompello Park is open for live racing tonight.
Tomorrow I'll be Friday and Saturday nights.
First, both times, 715 general parking and admission free.
Come out to Pompello Park and you're in the thrill of nighttime harness racing action.
And of course, you've got cymbal casting starting at noon every day from all over North America.
Highlight through a bright and harness racing as well.
Also, the great players line to buffet on the fourth floor.
Enjoy your sandwich and a drink and patents play sports lines on the fifth floor.
Come up on Closing Weekend next weekend.
And you can watch and wait your on a Belmont Stakes from Belmont Park in New York on Saturday, June 7th, and week from tomorrow.
Come on and see a funny sign.
Come in and triple crown.
Early bird wagering starts next Friday, a week from day 1pm.
Belmont Stakes goes off at 6pm next Saturday.
Free pass performance page for the Belmont field as well, waiting for you at Pompello Park.
Don't forget Closing Night, June 7th is also a family fun night and fan appreciation night with free prize drawings for adults, free prize wheels spins and for the kids, free face painting, free popcorn mini horse rides and lots more.
All of these things and lots of great harness racing action waiting for you.
But only four live nights left at Pompello Park.
Get out there this weekend.
You'll find them a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road.
Pompello Park, horsepower you can plunge on.
My life and locals, this is support trail by city.
You wait and wait.
You rest, dude.
Her bear is pretty nice, the biggest of popular laws.
Under your low tank top, it's distracting my whole train of thought.
I'm not a fan of the city, but I'm not a fan of the city.
I'm not a fan of the city, but I'm not a fan of the city.
I'm not a fan of the city, but I'm not a fan of the city.
I'm not a fan of the city, but I'm not a fan of the city.
I'm not a fan of the city, but I'm not a fan of the city.
I'm not a fan of the city, but I'm not a fan of the city.
My real number is 19.
Spongy
1032 at 560 WQM happy Friday to you. Here's a bizarre story.
Did you read this about the Turpin Springs couple? Oh yeah.
Couple released after a arrest in fight. A couple was out of jail Wednesday after they
were arrested following a fight that started over how much salad the husband made for
gas at their Memorial Day party. Well, dear old Garner was released Wednesday on $5,700
bail and faces charges for resisting arrest and using a firearm while drunk. I thought
that was the American F and Y. Now you have to be sober. His wife's an odd. That's a Memorial
Day. His wife's sandwich was released Tuesday on her own recognizance. Police said they
were called to the home to investigate a domestic disturbance Monday evening. Police
sergeant Mike Trill told a couple he had to arrest Sandra Garner since he had slapped
her husband repeatedly. What a pussy. When police placed his wife in handcuffs, he became
upset. Few minutes later, dear old Garner was walking toward the police station, he loaded
$357 Smith and Wesson Magnum in his hand. Trill said.
Here you go. Like I said, especially Turpin Springs we're talking about. That's not even
a news story. Here's one for today's poll from Stuttering Kill and Homestead. Share that
ugly bitch. He says, I second that emotion kill. We got share on the poll, okay? Now that
story that I read in the beginning, everybody in America should be on this. It was in the San
Francisco Chronicle yesterday. It was written by Susan Hildruth who was the city librarian
of the city of San Francisco. The whole article is read as one paragraph about the paper.
I beg your pardon? The whole article is now on the website. Thank you. I'm going to
interrupt no more. The Patriot Act is what this is all about and about what's happening
in the libraries and about what's in general happening to your freedoms, which remember
them? What?
That was a lot of fun when we had a few freedoms. In school, I talked about them. Anyway,
in the middle of this article it says the headline on the story is Big Brother out of our
libraries, Freedom to Read. The US Department, I'm just going to read this one short paragraph
and maybe I'll read it about a hundred times today. The US Department is just as stated
in a document released to Congress that these new powers meaning the Patriot Act have already
been exercised in libraries across the nation. For example, a library in Santa Fe, New
Mexico reported in February that a user on a library computer accessed a chat room and
wrote sneering comments about President Bush. He was arrested, handcuffed and interrogated
about his writings and online usage. How do you like them, apples? How do you like them
stopping boots? What's there to say about that? But yeah, the land of the used to be free
in the land of the used to be brave. The land of the scared schmittless is what it ought
to be. They come in, they steal the goddamn election, they make up all kinds of lies and
stories about weapons of mass destruction or whatever the lie of the day is to kind of
guide them public so they can go in there for all their big beck-tail and halibut and
all their good corporate buddies. And I would have said, oh well, there was no weapons
of mass destruction. I didn't know no Godfather. And now we're getting ready to go into a
ran-next. That's the new deal. And they just keep planting these stories in the media
which just suck right along. And then this come in Monday June 2nd, I don't want to
get anybody depressed. But this coming Monday June 2nd is the day the FCC is scheduled
to vote. Yeah. On the relaxation of the ownership rules, radio and the TV and newspapers. Yeah.
That'll be the final nail of the coffin when three goddamn companies own every radio,
TV, station and newspaper in America. And that's the kind of crap that's being peddled
for truth as Howard Beal would say. Then you know, you haven't got a, a Chinaman's chance
in hell. Yeah, well, at least they're not producing massive tax cuts for rich people.
Right. Thank God they're not doing that. And they're not lying about how much it's going
to be because it's going to be well over a trillion dollars, not 350 billion. But the public,
you know, I don't like that. You left this liberal, yeah. Okay. Don't look to us to come
and bid your ass out. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Good morning. Neil, how you doing? Okay.
Three quick things for the poll. Rosie O'Fat. Rosie O'Donnell, excellent choice.
And for Elle thumbs up and I love them taking a pot shot at the Danny icon.
Well, I didn't hear what he said. What did he say? No, it was when he was in New York and he went
up to say a little of the day and about, you know, how he followed his career because he grew up in
Pittsburgh and this and that and just wanted to chat and daddy gave him the cold shoulder.
Really? Yeah. So he said, I don't care how big he is, you know, if he didn't respect me,
you know, boom. He says he's a good ball player in this and that, but as far as a person.
There you go. Okay. Thanks, Kelly. Back to you. Yeah. I mean, Dan Marino has been criticized by a lot
of people on the callers on his fourth station over the years. He never went to Super Bowl and they
ripped him for this and ripped him for that. So why is it that if a rel comes on, somebody thinks
he's going to get crap for a there. There are no sacred cows on the issues anymore. Okay. The gloves
are off. The gloves are off. Right? Is it this moment? Yeah, we got a sexual condom, which are
the best kind, I think. And all kinds of crap going on. You know, between these promos and this
new contest, the deal we got going, it'll be 145 before you know it, you know. All I got to do is read
those a couple of times then that one paragraph one more time. I think it will have it looked. Look
for the Q a m. Look at that. Look for the Q a m this afternoon is what it says here. I think
probably that means the Q a m van, but it just as look for the Q a m right there. New and
ill one this afternoon at Peterson Harley located just south of Australia, road 441. Stop
how to get your feed Marlins tickets for tonight's game courtesy of the real yellow pages from Bell
South. I was Miguel going to be at that one. I'm assuming yes. And if you're real nice, maybe he'll
let you check out his baseballs. Join George after the show today from three to five of
World Law, Daniel Harley. Just south of Federal Highway at what is it? I'm federal just south of
Oakland. Stop how to win more Marlins red tickets and you're free food from Atlantic City subs.
Go for the food because nobody wants to see the Marlins. And tomorrow from 11 to one, George and
Beno Boyle be out at Bill Sibles Boulevard of Savings on Northwest 36 feet west of 27. I have to
remind me stop by for more crappy low budget Q a m prizes and food from Atlantic City subs were
I were mixed the difference and Scott ain't interfering anymore, which we say. Oh right. Yeah.
Good news. That's one of the best. That's one of the field good stories of the year.
Don't you think? Oh yeah, I feel good. Here's a Pemberk Pines. Hello. Good morning, Nail.
Yes, sir. I think for all was a great lead in. He was very entertaining and he made my morning.
Okay, thanks. All right, bye. Yeah. Well, there you go. He made his morning. Yeah. That's the kind of
stuff we want to hear or or not as the case. Maybe I'm sure there's some people who are going to
think he's he's abrasive little gravely maybe. You know what I'm saying? He sure is different.
And he sure ain't no more. Oh yeah. He ain't no more. You don't take himself seriously and he's not
a pompous ass that talks in a condescending way talks down to the audience. You know, like he's a
genius and he's got all the answers. And what the hell do you know about life anyway and about a good
hair piece? And don't be saying you feel great on the day that you lost your dog. You'll let
your dog get away. That was sarcasm. I be psychotic. I am. Not just over the dog, but over the
crap that you're going to be taking all weekend long. I can't go. I can't go home without this.
So what's new about that? Yeah, no, nothing. Let's see, please tell me this is got to be the worst
facts in the history of radio. Ain't it though? This has got to be enough to make me want to just
scream open up my window and scream. Oh, but I'm going to do the break first because I don't want to
like gloss over real quick. Yeah. And I write. Yeah, it's nauseating. So I had to care. Oh my god.
People would taste in their tush. Reckon is what we got. Well, some of them anyway because most
everybody else agreed. But not everybody. If everybody agreed, we'll be the point of having a talk show
other than to make us some money. Oh, isn't that why we're here? Ah, 20 before 11 at 560 W
to Q. A. M. Homeowner's out there. Is there anything worse on these hot,
sulfury summer days than going out to take a little dip in your pool and taking a peak at it?
And the pool too and finding that it's crap. It's stained. It's dirty and cracking and all kinds of
bad stuff. Well, your pool doesn't have to be a mess. No, Mo call our friends at Atlantic Marseille.
Atlantic Marseille specializing in refinishing pools. Really bringing them back to life.
Brighter and more colorful than ever before. And now Atlantic Marseille is introducing
something new and exciting called Atlantic Blue Bright. For over 12 years Atlantic Marseille's
beautified pools with the ever popular diamond bright and the makers of diamond bright developed
Atlantic Blue Bright exclusively for Atlantic Marseille. Atlantic Blue Bright promises to leave
your pool with a richer, more colorful appearance unmatched by anything on a market you've ever seen.
In fact, it looks so great. Your friends and neighbors will be convinced you got yourself a great new pool.
License them. Ensure it a real construction company. No, forget to use.
Full-time employees, real people, not semi-legal aliens who just hopped off the banana boat.
Atlantic Marseille's a family-owned and operated business. Thousands of people have come to know and
love and trust them. They serve daydbrow and Palm Beach counties as well.
Atlantic Marseille also does expert deck renovations. Custom lighting, pool heating, exotic water features too.
So really enjoy every day of the summer in your own backyard called Atlantic Marseille 2-Day Tool-Free.
1-800-558-883. That's 1-800-558-883 for Atlantic Marseille. Truly your pool's best friend.
5-6-5-60. 3-6-8-883.
Who's gonna get a break the upload?
Put out some good reviews. So, uh, we're right away.
Sheldown 20 bombs for a movie class.
A copin' some Milky Ways.
We're the handful of candy.
Went through the doors of that marquee.
Damn, I had a first class ticket.
But I was ladies and men can be.
See, I walked into rim-may-treats.
I walked into the night, couldn't have fun with the seat.
Then I walked out on the matrix.
I faded hell out, wait for the DVD.
Yeah.
10-46-5-60.
Thanks, Lynn.
Lynn Samuel's emailed me and alerted me to this article from Information Clearing House in
regard of this same thing about the guy that was arrested.
Yeah.
More information.
Santa Fe Police arrested Tony for comments he made in an internet chat room.
A St. John's College Library visit by a former public defender was abruptly interrupted
February 13 when a city- when city police officers arrested him about 9 p.m. at the computer
terminal he was using, handcuffed him and brought him to arrested him at the computer terminal he was using.
That is bad.
Handcuffed him and would you shut up?
Handcuffed him and brought him to the Santa Fe New Mexico police station for questioning by secret
service agents from Albuquerque.
Andrew J. O'Connor, 40, who was released for about 5 hours, about 5 hours later, said in the
February 16 Santa Fe New Mexican I'm going to sue secret service, Santa Fe Police, St. John's
and everybody involved in this whole thing.
According to O'Connor, the agents accused of making threatening remarks about President
George W. Bush in an internet chat room admitting he talked politics face-to-face in the library
with a woman who was wearing a no-war-with-a-ranked button.
O'Connor recalled saying that Bush is out of control, but that I'm allowed to say all that.
There's this thing called freedom of speech, he said. He also speculated that the FBI might have
been observing him because of his one-time involvement in a pro-Palestinian group in Boulder,
Colorado. Earlier on the same day, O'Connor was questioned officials at St. John's as well as
the Collins of Santa Fe and Santa Fe Community College issued warnings to students and faculty
that the FBI had been alerted to the presence of suspicious people on campus within the past four
weeks. Concern about threats to individual privacy under the USA Patriot Act is prompted to
Mexico legislators in both houses to propose resolutions urging state police not to
help federal agents in fringe on civil rights. The resolution also encouraged libraries to
post prominent signage warning papers that their library records are subject to federal scrutiny
without their permission or knowledge. How do you like that? I don't.
Jesus Christ and a public has sent back, oh this guy is great, he's doing a wonderful job
that we went in there and kicked some of that in Rakyas.
Yeah.
How's Sodom doing, by the way, and Osama Yamama?
How they doing?
They're not important anymore.
Anyway, getting back to this other facts,
which is small potatoes after reading that.
But this does piss me off.
I mean, everybody's entirely your own taste.
When we talked about movies for those couple of weeks,
and we recommended a lot of things
that I really enjoyed, and George enjoyed,
and even Bonerboy, whatever.
And we don't expect that everybody out there
is going to like them.
But listening to this, it says,
Neil, please tell me you've been joking all along
while rambling on about what a great, great movie
Reckless and Poor Dream is.
I wasted two hours of my life on the worst Dreck
I've ever seen since natural born killers.
Absolutely awful.
You had a car the other day who I thought agreed with me
when he toured you the movie.
Absolutely blew me away.
He had the first two words exactly right.
In the words of the mad dog,
do do poo poo kaka.
It really sucked.
This follows George's recommendation
of at close range a few months ago.
More Dreck.
But as you said many times,
there's vanilla bean spec ice cream in fish food,
different strokes for different folks
is what it says.
Number you have a stroke myself.
Just reading this.
Wonder what they think.
In fact, you know something?
This is probably somebody who likes vanilla bean spec ice cream.
See, I like fish food myself.
It's got some taste.
It's exciting.
It's delicious.
It'll kill you.
But there are bland people out there
with crappy taste who like vanilla ice cream.
And it's like vanilla.
Like what was that?
Like I can't even think of anything that's bland
or that vanilla ice cream.
Can you be side boner boy?
Ice or milk?
I'm trying to think of something to compare it to.
I can't.
It's just so boring.
A snow cone with no syrup.
Yeah.
It would be like having ice cream with no flavor.
I haven't spoken to anyone who's seen that movie
that wasn't just blown away in a good way.
And also I should put out the facts is unsigned.
Which, you know, I mean, you could even make up a name.
You don't even have the balls to put your name behind it.
You're entitled to your taste, but your taste sucks.
Okay.
And if you want to tell me that you wasted time watching
Rick William for a dream, then I would agree with it.
You wasted your time because you're too stupid.
I understand what a great movie really is.
And I wouldn't get or ordinarily.
I wouldn't get bent out of shape about almost any other movie.
Because like he says, we all got different taste.
But that it's a phenomenal movie.
What's not to like?
The acting is brilliant.
And especially for people living South Florida, man.
I mean, that's where it's at.
That is South Florida.
It would define right there in that two hours.
I'm telling you, I think he's with our violent.
Let's see.
Even here agrees.
You know, that's the thing I love about him is he's just spastic.
I don't have any idea what he's saying or what he's talking about.
And it doesn't make any difference.
Neither does he.
He's just a spaz.
And the word from inside the building is,
I don't want to mention it from Bonerboy.
But the word inside the building is to look at him
and to watch his behavior.
He's just a spastic in person.
He's on the air.
Yeah.
Who would like shaking and quaking and just hyper.
That's what a lot of that Jack Daniels do for you.
And Jim Bean and Diet Coke.
Let's see.
George put up some bright orange and neon colored lost dog posters.
The bright colored signs really catch your eye.
Hope it helps.
I think that's the suggestion.
Oh, we're on it.
Are you on it as far as the posters go?
Anybody find Nikki yet?
No.
Well, let's go.
Let's find George's little pomeranian.
Okay, this is depressing.
Yeah, I'm trying not to get to the because it is Friday.
Right.
And I don't want to be depressed all weekend because Georgia is
responsible.
Okay, Madonna's a good choice.
Now it could happen.
Anybody.
My dogs got loose a few several times over the years.
But of course, they came right back because they know that
after about five minutes, I would just go back inside the house
and shut the door.
You know, you know, something with my little dog that worked.
Would you find me?
No, no, that that tactic work because after a while I got on to his
bull crap.
So when he would get out because I knew he would never go more than
a half a block away because he was scared crap.
Let's.
And so I would just shut the door and so after maybe four or five
minutes out here, he'd be at the front door barking just sitting
there at the front door.
This one's too curious for its own good.
Is it really?
Oh, yeah.
I wonder where he got that.
Gloria Stefan.
There's an excellent choice for our poll today.
The most overrated celebrity of all time.
She makes me gag, man.
And Ricky Martin.
She makes me gag too.
You know, one thing about Ricky.
Yeah, that's what I'm hearing, especially when she talks about
her hot dates with chicks.
That is a, I mean, who the hell would believe that?
You know, she floats like a butterfly that Ricky five six seven
old five 60 pound five 60 on the 80.
Now we're going to get the new poll up there because I'm sure
that we already got a whole bunch of good the choices on here
that will give many, many votes.
I don't want to start getting all over Eric's case again,
but I will.
He just called wondering when when he should now now this moment.
And we'll add to it because this is obviously when we got the
whole weekend, a hate of us, right?
Got the whole weekend ahead.
So this is one that will, you know, we're going to finish
up by we'll tie it all up by the end of the show, which is
two o'clock.
By the way, a lot of people yesterday called in during that
one to two hour and they were like squeezing it, man.
They were excited about it.
You realize that we went through an entire four hours, well,
three hours and 20 minutes once we got on here.
We didn't have one female caller yesterday in a whole show.
Gee, that's new.
No, I mean, it's happened before, but it just it just dawns on me.
There's something really, really very bizarre about the
women of South Florida.
There's something I can't put my finger on it.
And I don't want to, which is a good thing for me, boy.
What a great place to be a fag.
South Florida almost as great as Toronto.
Well, the people here look a lot.
I just shut up.
Pull it up from the original head.
Obsessed and moment of mean time is continuing to try to
well, you know, I guess when you get to be like almost 70 and
all of a sudden you got to, you know, you see your career in
your life spinning in front of your eyes and you got to get up
three o'clock in the morning every day.
And then you go on the internet and you look on our website
and you see that picture.
It would make it a difference if I looked at that 400 times
today.
I still just crank up every time I look at it.
It's just it's just a magnificent.
It represents him in so many different ways.
You know what I mean?
I'm sure you do.
Here's homestead.
Hello.
Neil, how's it going?
Yes, sir.
How you be?
Hey, Scotty.
For else moved up to number two.
Now you're still number one.
But I listen to him in California.
He's really a breath of fresh air.
And maybe this means that more hours on the way out.
Could be.
Then we could give him my bye, bye, bye.
We're going to give him a bye, bye, bye party.
Sounds great.
I come back to town for that.
Oh, yeah, that'd be great.
Hey, did you?
I know you probably didn't see this, but I know if George
talked you there was a guy in homestead the other day that
commandeered a bus of school bus naked after stealing the
gallon of milk and you had the driver take him to a hospital.
Excellent.
That sounds like a difficult sound for the story.
Probably need to make the newspaper.
No, it did.
It made the newspaper.
Apparently that cops arrested him there.
He he supposedly was high on cocaine.
Like I said, difficult sound for the story.
Okay, pal, I'm glad you enjoyed for well.
Thanks.
Well, they want to hear the sound of their own voice.
What's wrong with that?
Don't you want to hear the sound of your voice?
No, either there's anybody else.
That was bad.
That was a layup.
I thought coming.
That was bad.
George did a wonderful job at even Bonerboy really contributed
a magnificent, especially on Monday with all those tapes and
drop-ins.
Don't ever play a best-up tape again no matter what they tell you.
Okay.
Got it.
Okay.
Seriously, don't ever play one of those again.
If they if they, like once the next major holiday,
Labor Day, no, the fourth of July.
The fourth of July, what's going to be happening on the fourth of July?
A show, I'm sure that's not like, yeah, take it seriously holiday.
Right.
You're not going to be working on that day.
I'm not.
In fact, you're probably still looking for your little dog on a guide.
No, I hope not.
I hope you find this weekend.
Nine-year-old dog.
I thought it was just like a little puppy baby.
Maybe maybe eight.
It's just a one maybe eight.
You know, you're losing your credibility with this dog.
Real fancy audience is going to say you're irresponsible to have a dog.
The wife's dog.
Or it's the wife's the one.
There's a present.
1058 at 560 WQM.
Here's something that's like a real president.
It's the lights of Westboker where they have presents for all you fat people out there.
They've got all the Atkins products.
They've got all the products in the world for low-carb, sugar-free diets,
Atkins and all the others.
And now they got new stuff as they always do.
The new Almonds snack cakes by control carb that come in blueberry banana or classic almond.
The serving is only got one effect of gram of carbs or sample the lights new chocolate raspberry muffin with only one gram of carbs.
If you like something to crunch on something crunchy and mungy,
then travel under their three new flavors of low-carb racquet chips.
So whether it's carbolite, ice cream, bread, rolls, cheesecakes, chocolates, pasta, sauces, or any other,
600 plus low-carb foods, you'll find them all in this one great store because it's dedicated to you fat folks.
The lights of Westboker.
And you can always try it before you buy it.
They have an eligible staff and no dieting inside an outback wooden forward.
They're open every day, seven days a week, 10 to 10, and create the most complete line of all Atkins brands products that are always 25% off all day every day.
Atkins diet is rated number one.
So head for the number one low-carb sugar-free store in the world.
The lights of Westboker on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market or column tool free.
1-877 low-carb, check them out on the web at lowcarb.com.
Don't forget there's only one real Delights of Westboker and it's your official Atkins retail center.
Of course we need new 5CC, QAM.
Roger's got.
Hello!
Hello!
I'm...
I'm Mary and Faith Bearsley.
You're probably knowing me now, it's me, me!
The white house in turn.
I may love to JFK.
I have to live on his neck and suck his ear long.
Because that's the way he liked it.
He'd grab my skirt.
Huh?
And I get to top off my blouse and spike it.
Yeah, that's the way he liked it.
Here in the summer of 61.
Next when I'm in JFK, give a hug and have some fun.
Then we went all the way.
Gosh, that's the way.
He liked it.
Everyone grabbed my skirt and I get to top off my blouse and I spiked it.
Yeah, that's the way he liked it.
We get it in the mood.
We get it in the mood.
We may love on airport one.
One time he picked me up from school.
For a threesome with Maryline Monroe.
Oh, black.
That's the way everybody.
He liked it.
He'd grab my skirt and I get to top off my blouse and spike it.
Yeah, that's the way he liked it.
11.04.5.60 W.D.Q.M.
The pool is up.
Who is or was the most overrated celebrity of all time?
And speaking of Marilyn Monroe, which we just heard,
here is a DJ Valentine.
He has her right on top of the list.
Here's four more for you.
Jay Leno, that's mine.
I mean, he to me just, he leaves me.
You talk about somebody with no talent.
He's not funny.
He to look at him is it painful.
And he just inherited Carson's gig.
That's all other than that.
How do you like him?
Hate him.
Marilyn Monroe, Carson, what the hell do you do daily?
Is also on the DJ Valentine's list.
Carson daily, Julia Roberts and Will Smith.
Now, here's one that they just don't get it, see.
Most overrated celebrity, Jay Feeder.
We're not talking sports people.
Okay, you got it?
Oh, good.
Jay Feeder.
I mean, Jay tries hard.
I don't want to get into a sports thing, but I will say since I'm, you know,
I have an opinion on every god damn thing.
Jay Feeder tries hard.
He's not a great athlete.
He's not a great quarterback.
He's never going to be the dolphins.
They'll ever win the Super Bowl with him a quarterback.
But he he tries hard.
He's a guy.
He's an overachiever.
You know, so you give him points for that.
You don't want to knock him too much.
But he's not a great quarterback.
And never will be.
There's nothing else to say about that.
He just, you know, he's a journeyman who gives it a good shot.
And, okay, what can you say?
5, 6, 7, oh, I think probably somebody who's anti-semantic.
Oh, okay, facts, don't you?
Yep.
Probably George wrote it.
Well, George is under a lot of stress, you know, he's trying to find his damn little door.
That is so bad.
Yeah.
That is so sad.
Here's Pembroke Park.
Hello.
Hey, Mr. Rogers, how are you today, sir?
Okay.
Good, good.
Martha Stewart.
Martha Stewart, you good choice.
That bitch.
Yeah, definitely.
Definitely overrated.
Definitely overrated.
And that's it.
Thank you, sir.
Okay, thank you.
Have a great weekend.
Thank you.
Bye.
Okay, we're taking the choices for our pool.
Also comments on the MOV versus the new lead-in we got now for Relo and the radio, who's on for me to attend every morning.
A part of spilled milk.
You see?
Like I told you, I enjoyed just a little tidbit to him like that.
So it's a good way to like ease yourself into him as opposed to the culture shock you get.
Oh, yeah, I saw this story.
A man caught on KISS cam arrested at Reds Game.
A man wandered on parole violations returned to jail after his parole officer spotted him kissing his girlfriend in a live crowd shot on the scoreboard at a Reds Game.
They always have those KISS cams, you know, right?
You've seen that.
Even somebody hates sports like you.
And then of course when they put the couple on her to suppose to kiss and the crowd, and sometimes they don't.
And of course sometimes they'll put two guys on her, especially if they're wearing, you know, like jerseys for the visiting theme.
Are they supposed to kiss?
Well, that's the idea.
And sometimes they do, which really freaks them out.
So I guess that'll teach him he won't be doing that again through Reds Game or any of places else anytime soon.
Here's a chronic factor says I'm a lifelong moderate Republican who was terrified of this guy George W.
I'm afraid where this country's future is if he's reelected.
I'm also very nervous with his Homeland Security deal.
The story you read did anger and concern me, but when I heard the arrested man had former Palestinian ties, I could definitely see the justification in that.
He had former Palestinian ties.
I see right on the mall up the line of all up anybody who's a pro Palestinian line them all up, especially if they dare to criticize our fearless leader.
Right.
And we also have the stories that today was yesterday with the story about the person of interest.
It was a very hot fill.
Was it Stephen had to feel about how they're like following him morning noon?
I heard it's on today's website.
Yeah, still hot fill.
Here it is USA today.
Anthrax investigators tale scientists 24 seven.
For 10 months, Stephen had felt hasn't been able to go to the store, take a walk or be interviewed for a job without being tailed by the FBI.
Hat fill 48, the only person identified publicly by the Justice Department as a person of interest in the investigation of the anthrax attacks two years ago, has been kept under 24 seven surveillance by FBI agents who haven't been subtle.
They routinely follow him in several cars and trucks and they take pictures of him wherever he goes.
Earlier this month, had full and his watchers clashed on the street in Georgetown, had full says in FBI employee driving one of the tail vehicles ran over his foot.
Washington police gave had full a ticket for walking to create a hazard.
God.
The FBI's tactics appear to be designed to put pressure on him, a former researcher at the US Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases at Fort Detrick in Frederick, Maryland.
But for law enforcement sources familiar with the anthrax probe say the real reason for the round the clock surveillance is rooted in the FBI's new mission of providing terrorism.
FBI officials believe they can't risk the embarrassment of losing track of had to leave them for a few hours and then being confronted with more anthrax attacks.
He has not been charged so the FBI's got no basis to seize his passport.
Another reason my agents continue to tell him.
I think he ought to like head out to the airport every day.
Not going anywhere, just hang out, just to aggravate them. You don't get them like all nervous and on edge.
Give them like a mill town moment every day. You can always buy a ticket, cash it in.
There you go. You don't have to buy a ticket. All you got to do is take a cab to the airport and then just take a cab back home.
560-560-050560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line on a spectacular Friday.
Don't forget we got all the big duans. We got Georgia's afternoon.
3-5 at Fort Lauderdale, Harley on Federal District South of Oakland Park Boulevard.
Waterclon, noon to 1. We got Miguel at the Jefferson, what is it? Peterson. Peterson, Harley.
Just south of Ives-Derry Road on 441. Got three Marlon tickets for tonight's game.
Criticies of the Rio de Janeiro Pages from Bell South.
And then tomorrow from 11-1, Georgia along with Bonerboy.
We'll be out at Bell Sightles, Boulevard of Savings located on Northwest 36th Street.
Just west of 27th Avenue in Miami where they have no idea who either Georgia or Bonerboy are.
Stop by for prizes and free food from Atlantic City subs and they do know what that is.
So get through early, please. They come at it. It's sandwich a guy.
It's sandwich a guy. Georgia be the sandwich a guy out there.
So be sure and get there early. He'll be there 11-1. I could there like 10-40 would be good.
Here's a call from Plantation. Hello.
Yeah, I just like to say I love mulls. Yeah.
I love the New Jersey Devils and I love my country for getting our gas down nice and low.
Okay, now how much you paying?
Yeah, getting it nice and low. You paying low price for gas?
I got a spigot at my house. Yeah. How do you like that?
In other words, whatever I say, I'm wrong and he's a Mr. contrary.
There's a new Mr. contrary. Let's hear it.
You know something, everything that you just said it all fits in perfect, at least you're consistent.
Everything that is anxious, obnoxious, and unacceptable, you relate to which I think you know, look in the mirror sweetheart.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and by the way, the Devils, the Devils will be the end of the National Hockey League.
Anybody who could watch the finals this year, these two games are watched in period.
It's enough to put you in an absolute 20 year coma.
Awful. This is exactly what's wrong with a sport.
Great Batman says, oh, there's no problem. We just make the net a little bit bigger.
Right. A disgrace and a disaster.
You can't complain about the action because there isn't any.
Here's a call from Miami. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
I was going to ask you where the naked kids are of great weed to go out and hire a person.
I don't even like that. But after this, you probably have to make it pitch.
Yeah. He's got naked pictures of me in a billy go.
No, no, no. You don't like him. You're the first caller that doesn't like him.
No, no, no, quite the opposite. Oh, by the opposite. I'm saying.
So what does that mean? Well, for great, for great weed to go out and actually hire someone who works something is a surprise.
And I was saying, well, maybe somebody got some naked pictures.
I see. I got you. Okay.
All right.
It's my first time I'm used to sign a Bob knew how to top of my list.
And also I was going to mention real slip.
There's a photo of this wife, Jada, whatever name.
Think it.
Uh,
stick and
stick tongue down one of a
uh,
cold
stars on the movie shoes just saying, all right.
Yeah, I mean big tongue right down a throat and up to the blowy stoppicus.
All right.
Anyway, uh,
little deep rock.
I'm gonna miss a may.
Well,
okay.
Are we mid-erg?
Wow.
So we still have any negative votes on Farrell?
How do you like that?
12 minutes past 11 at 560.
WQ I am.
Oh, look at that. What the hell is that?
I just did the most bizarre thing.
Why I don't want to tell you about it?
Oh, come on.
Oh, on the DCS.
I just, uh,
I just accidentally hit my mouse.
It's 1113 at QM.
See how the time is moving along real fast.
Just keep giving the time before you notice another minute ahead.
We got some votes on the poll.
It's up.
Who was or is the most overrated celebrity of all time?
We got, uh, what?
What do we got?
Because there's a lot of zero there.
52 votes.
So far, Michael Jackson 17, just in Tinkerbell 10,
Elvis V, Rosio Donald IV, Bob Hope IV, I voted for him.
Never said a funny line in his life.
Mariah Carey IV,
Sonatra IV,
Ricky Martin I,
Gloria Stefan I,
Bing Crosby I,
Jay Leno I,
and nobody else has any votes yet.
Are we adding about New Heart?
Yeah, why not?
Okay.
That dark eye.
Don't like Bob New Heart.
Okay, is these two pasty, two pasty white?
You know, the Neil Deals keep on rolling out from Tom Laman and Joe Prieto
at Hell of Pontiac GMC.
They just keep pumping them on out.
Here's Neil Deal number one.
It's waiting for you right now.
Get 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock.
Neil Deal number two,
get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC in Pontiac in stock.
Let me say it again.
Get you up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 car or truck in stock right now.
And attention on your current and former military personnel.
Get yourself an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Hell of it.
And here's a Neil end of the month deal.
It's good today and tomorrow only because these are the last two days of May.
Tom and Joe will take an additional $500 bucks off on some of the Pontiac and GMC's
most popular models but act quick like right now because this Neil Deal is only good
through tomorrow the end of the month.
And of course, how long does always this got a spectacular, unbeatable selection of certified pre-owned
cars, trucks, SUVs?
And don't be worried about getting turned on for credit because they're not picky like most car dealers.
Even if you have marginal credit, even if he wants new for well out of town,
they'll still probably be able to cut you deal.
Hell of Pontiac GMC 134-01 South Dixie Highway, that's US-1 across from the falls open every day,
seven days a week.
For more info call the Neil Deal Hotline toll free, it's 1-885-344-211.
That's 1-885-344-211.
Don't forget all Neil Deal's submitted to Credit Approval, see the leader for details.
And at Hell of Pontiac GMC and believe you me, they are professional grades.
I am your host, this is 420 of my city, you way up.
Friday you bastard.
Roll another blunt.
EAT.
Oh, I'm scared.
I'm scared.
I'm scared.
I'm scared.
I'm scared.
I'm scared.
I'm scared.
I'm scared.
I'm scared.
I'm scared.
I was gonna go to court, before I got high.
I was gonna pay my child's support, but then I got high.
No, you get...
And I know why, I'm scared.
Because...
Because...
I was thinking I run from the cops, but I was high.
Oh, I'm serious, man.
I was gonna pull right over and stop, but I was high.
Oh, la la la la, that never-one-bothera-plea-cheekin' I know why, why, baby.
Cause I got high, because I got high, because I got high.
La la la, that, that-that-that.
I was gonna make love to you.
Oh, you know how I got high, huh?
Come on, then.
I'm serious.
I was gonna eat your pussy, too.
Oh!
Ugh!
I Look at that, that, that
No, I'm jacket off.
And I know why.
Don't-
I miss the whole entire life.
Yeah, because I got hot
Lost my keys and white
Like a like a hot
on
take you
W T q a
How are Burton's Iraq Afghanistan contracted 600 million and growing and guess what this news stories from that I just print it out
I give up Fox news channel. No, how do you like that? All right wing spin all day
But nevertheless here it is
Vice President Dick Cheney's former company already is guarded more than 600 million dollars in military work
Related to the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq and potentially could earn billions more without having to compete with other companies
As the army sole provider of troop support services
Halibut and Kellogg Brown and roots of city areas receive work orders totaling
529.4 million dollars later to the two wars under a 10-year contract that has no spending ceiling
Rather than put the Iraq workup forbidding the government is usually
2001 Halibut in contract to place the various work orders in Iraq prompting criticism from some Democrats that Cheney's former company is receiving
Favorite treatment the amount Halibut and could receive in the future is virtually limitless said representative Henry Waxman
Democratic California who disclosed the troop support order work orders yesterday
It's simply remarkable that a single company could earn so much money from the war in Iraq says old Henry
with this big vault spot
How do you like that?
Billions just the coincidence
For that kind of so happy for the low price of gas that he's got right now
Don't confuse these people with the facts man. They'll rationalize it. They'll make it come out. How are they?
5 6 7 0 plus he's a devil's fan. You know they're about 40 of them
What do you think?
Here's Delray Beach. Hello
Neil yes, sir. Hey, you know that whole Halibut and saying if you read into that article further
All those decisions were made like over a year ago. So that only
Confirmed that this whole Iraq war was thought of way back four years ago man
1999 that's when the PNAC people said done and mapped out this whole strategy exactly
First of all, I want to say congrats on getting your old hours back because that not only gives me an extra hour of
Bob and Tom in the morning
Yeah, it worked out quite well
Two people for your
All would have to be would have to be Larry. I mean Jesus that guy's he's got no talent whatsoever and so that's the throne
Slice the loans a good one. He's horrible. I mean, I don't think he's ever made a good movie yet people
Pay millions to go see him because he's dumb and they can relate to him just like our president good
I think it's a good parallel. Hey, and I have another very good parallel for you
And I'm hoping that you'll play it and that is the
And I'm wondering if you've ever seen them in the same room together. That is the Brad the booker Bel Monte doing the dolphins fight song and
For all
Yeah, you don't think that Brad the burger sounds just like him a little bit now that you estimate
Give that baby up next break and let's give it a shot. Okay. I love you. See you, Pally. Bye. Bye
Never thought about that the bills fight song good print. Yeah
What's that under is that under Buffalo?
But oh, it's under
It's under that so we'll get to it
25 past 11 at 560 what's that schedule look like today? We're here to two 10 to two past the word get your sandwich boards
I run up and down Lickin Road Mall up and down a sunrise lakes
Get all those old parts upset. Oh, I just got a mention of my name Neil 10 to two Jim Manage at Hooters and Pepper Pines 2 to 4 this afternoon
What's that all about?
It
Forty-seven you got the Humper who's a whole three hours today man
Wow
The assignment for the Humper 4 to 7 Marlins on Dec. 7 7 35. It's a Cincinnati Reds and a Marlins and then you got the oh
I this is too much clearance. I mean between the promos and the new revised contest and this we got no show to it
Like yesterday with the 85 minute breaks
UM baseball versus Bethune Cookman the NCAA regials on 790 AM Waxi
Any K after the Marlin Reds game tonight like around 10 30 till 2 in the morning and then ESPN ready overnight wow
So what's the take by you on mark of their shirt now is now they haven't spoken to them since before
Well, at least they can do is get with you this weekend and go out and help you find it a little dog
Yeah, no calls yet
No, no spine reports on little Nikki. No hope it's a thing that they're looking well good everybody a pretty good thank you
Everybody over there in Hollywood of course. It's gonna take some of those old folks a little extra time to get started
Wood can't keep his packer in his hands
Still get down
Where that glove
I'm up to
And a little bit
Just you love them to
I'm up now with days it's different
Especially when I dance and move on because I'm over around too much
Great my face just fall off and pay
I'm back still move to the crew you know, oh, yeah
I'm back
I'm back
31 at 560 WQA here's our pull question today who is or was the most overrated celebrity of all time
MJ's leading Michael's got 22
Rosio Donald 15 we hate her like poison on this show. She makes me nauseous just in tinkerbell 14
Elvis Presley's got 11 see I told you he would do well because this crowd is not this is not the Elvis crowd
Although we do have some ass well. I mean some guys out there that get slept to Gray's land
Butterwives and then called in on the show and tell us what a great time they
Had and I can't wait to go back
Oh my god. I'd be embarrassed to admit that in public wouldn't you I would not
That you went to Gray's land. I wouldn't admit I was there. Oh, I'm actually went voluntarily
I'm gonna understand if you said you were kidnapped and put in the trunk of a car right and somebody slipped you up to Gray's land
Elvis is god 11 Madonna's got nyan sonat was got nyan
Mariah Carey seven you know see she doesn't get the message
She's one of those people in denial nobody buys her albums anymore
Luis told her to take a crap and get lost and
And nobody wants anything to do with that bitch and she just continues trying to make these comebacks
She can't sing for crap. She's got that one big misshapen breast in the middle of her chest
And she's nauseating and she just don't get the message. She's kind of like Moe
Never seen the two of them together
Mariah's got seven Carson babies got seven. That's a good pairing
Gloria Stefan six bob hope six will smith his god four jay Leno's god four. I'm happy to see that
Ricky Martin. She's got three Dean Martin v. Crosby Julia Roberts share Martha's toity chav one no votes yet from Marilyn Monroe or Bob Newhart
Out of 1202 votes on the list will grow, huh? They don't remember them
Don't remember who see
567 05 60 pound 560 on a 18t you know we still haven't had a woman caller nope, but we have had a Joe caller
What do you mean a joke has tole called off the air to say
They're making the best of what they got and you know power to the people they're
What he said yeah, they're making the best of what they got right y'all hang on to what y'all got
Until Moe gets tired. I mean
Till they get more the rest of the way out the door and then they can go back to two to six
See like I said yesterday Joe be the good Italian boy that he is he's like a human accordion so they can expand or contract
They can open it up and close it back. They can do two to five to the six whatever whatever it takes to get the job done
And you heard what for well did the a churdle the other day when I said when you're gonna be doing six to ten you remember that?
Oh, yeah, it won't be long. It won't be long. They'll have the moment out the door
Now I guess guilty can do the updates which which that at least would be respectable the one thing about the forrel thing
I feel so bad for him. They settled him with the beast. Why did they do that to him?
If Greg is so crazy about forrel why did they put the beast in there with him?
Would make those sounds on the air Carlos
So they could have somebody sucking his ass. I don't think for all needs that anybody sucking his ass. He's a lot more you know
He's not he's not the big boy. Yeah, he's a big boy
He's not emotional and he's not a basket case. He doesn't have to have everybody around him sucking his ass like that
In addition, which is if the beast is an ass sucker, how come I didn't work so good in the early morning hours before
Well stop stop and ask yourself that question. Here's Lauderdale. Hello
What was it?
Clean sweep. None of us heard it. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Hello. I'm Neil. Yes, sir. You know one person you need to put on the list
Queen Latifah. Who?
Queen Latifah. Oh Queen Latifah.
Mean to be on the top of the list man. Okay way over it.
I got it down man.
Sir, five six. See what I mean about these lists.
Yes, I know. But we still haven't had one woman call in a day and a half on his show.
A momentous day yesterday we got the whole big lineup change we get back to 10 to 2.
Most of our audience are squeezing themselves and squeezing each other even that kid that was bragging about the low price of gas that the devil's fan
Man, you call that hockey you pucks that's pathetic. That's tragic. And by the way, I hasten to point out
This is a team that doesn't come close to selling out most of the regular season games and in the early rounds of the playoffs
Don't even sell them out
They're only right there in between New York and affiliate in the middle of about 20 million people and they just they can't pack the joint
Pretty sad pretty embarrassing if you asked me
5 6 7 because who now wants to go watch an event that's like listening to paint dry
Here's a call from Jupiter. Hello
Hello, yes sir. Oh, hey, I get on the area. Um, I had a couple for your list. Okay. Lies of an Ellie and M&M are two magnificent choices. Yeah, they both
Sorry
Okay, thanks pali. Thank you. See ya. Yeah, Liza's a healing up over there somewhere in Issy and where is she somewhere in Italy? I don't know
She can she fell down a broker in kneecap again probably a little
Little inebriated or something. She's got problem. He's not overrated, but he's in overweight celebrity. Who's that?
I believe
Tell me he's in the fat flush
Boy tell it while we're off the air during the break or when you're off the air just shut your mic tell the story about that
Transaction needed okay, thanks for screwing up my life. You fat turd anytime buddy. Yeah, nice going you idiot
Yeah, probably screwed up that account for the rest of your life. You're probably a tail probably have to go back in the hospital
You're done you didn't mean for the couple's contest. What is he bambling on my no idea
That they want to give us a bet for the hot couples contest get lost fat boy get lost. Okay, don't go away mad
Just go away you fat tub of crap you and tell your neighbor we hate him too
Let's go to a pepper pine. Hello
Yeah, do you have barbers tries in on that list? No, we don't but that's a good choice
Barbers tries in just untounded
A big close big cross-eyed cross-eyed
She was better in Elliott Goul
Oh
That's a disgusting thought who got the worst into that you know it's more disgusting than no
What did I ever do to you?
56705 60 pound 560 only 8 to see he's not even funny anymore. He's just tragic
Shay Tragic the most overrated celebrity of all time Michael Jackson 23
Justin Tinkerbell 18 Rosio Donald 17 Elvis 13
Sinatra 11 couldn't sing his way out of a paper sack in spite of what a lot of you old farts think
He used to talk the song never sang a song. He was just talking and schmaltzed it up a little bit
You know, well he couldn't be bothered yeah, well, he couldn't he couldn't do it. Nothing couldn't be bothered
Just couldn't do it and it wasn't a singer
Yeah, I heard that story
Madonna 10 Gloria Estefan 9 Mariah Carey who's really scary
8
And they love the hate Mariah fives a pariah in the music world Carson daily's gut seven do you know anybody that likes Carson daily?
no
In my life. I have never and of course remember the days back when we used to watch MTV a lot when Ashley played videos
No, yeah, you do
Yes, you do of course. I'm being hard at back when we had all day of boy bands and the Britney was first shaking it and all that stuff
Oh man Carson daily. I've never encountered anybody alive even animals run for the hills when they see his ass bland
Oh, and a bland and then self-aggrandizing man an ego to say he makes most ego look like a like a ball bearing
That's what a gigantic ego trip he's on Carson daily. He's got seven votes. He'll get more
Uh Ricky Martin got six
J Leno's got six
I wait in my Carson daily just hop the thing just changed here. Oh Carson daily's up to eight. Let's hear it. Oh, you have to eight
J Leno Bob hope and Ricky Martin each have six shares got four Martha Stewart's got four will Smith is got four
That's spelled with two F's at the end Julia Roberts and Marilyn Monroe each have a pair being cross me and Dean Martin one and Bob
Newhart don't have any I don't know why that uh dark complex that guy said Bob Newhart
I've heard a lot of people say that about Bob
But he was right now I tend to agree with him. I mean Bob Newhart way back in the uh, I don't know late 50s early 60s
You know he was uh, I know he was okay
But very bland really boring guy
If you're like real real like low key comedy is that a fact if I had to change my vote
I'd vote for god damn Newhart now that come down to it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T of Verizon wireless line
You
You think I'm gonna dress up dude I won't you think I'm gonna wear a coat
Even when I dress up my clothes don't have a thing do I care my lips show I don't will I try to have them no one won't
You know when I dress up my clothes don't have a thing when I'm walking to
The club in store I was looking for moving like a horn maybe there's a dress cut down the path
So when people said I might as they could see my crotch I put on a shirt. It was see through
You could see my boots and both my nipples too then I got a shirt had no cuties on
We didn't matter but my mother's tea is done
You think I'm gonna dress up dude I won't you think I'm gonna wear a coat I won't
Even when I dress up my clothes don't have a thing do I care my lips show I don't
Will I try to have them no one won't even when I dress up my clothes don't have a thing
There's another one for your list JLo how could we've left her off there this long
Well, there's so many good choices. She does have a lovely ass all 600 pounds of it. Speaking of lovely ass
We almost lost it with Pharrella the yesterday
During the time the station was off here. We were chatting Georgian. I both almost turned on him
Because he made some kind of a Doreen
Yeah, and I thought he said he had a great ass. Well, no, I thought about that. He was talking about a rack
I'm not just talking about her having a big ass
Is what he said right, but see I've got that whole thing figured out
You
Yeah, you couldn't see past her breasts. Is that what I want to the rest?
She's a liar
1146 at 560 w. I have another name for the list which I don't dare even say it
Because I know that I'm gonna get all kinds of grief for saying it. It's just my own personal opinion
Just like that smuck who didn't like a Requiem for a dream
Jerry Seinfeld okay
Jerry Seinfeld put him on there definitely overrated. He's a great actor
Think I killed him. Yeah
Put me right over the aid
That was the end of me
I mean, what is the attraction with him does he look good? No, is he funny? No, is he
An actor? No, what is the attraction with him? Jewish
Oh, the New York Jew and in fact, that's one of the reasons I can't stand him
He's like he's that stereotype, you know for the same reason a lot of people can't stand Barbara Streisand
He is like a wall I've never said this before. He's like a walking of billboard for anti-Semitism. Jerry Seinfeld
Just that dripping New York, Jewie kind of you know, I'm talking about yeah. Oh
Now we're getting a battle here. Oh, look at this three-way battle. Who is or was the most overrated celebrity of all time?
I like this
Michael Jackson 24 votes
Rosie O'Donnell 21 just in tinkerbell
20
Madonna's got 13
Elvis 13 Gloria as Stefan 12
Sinatra's got 11 Mariah scurries got 9 Carson daily 8 Bob hope 7 jay laddle Martha Stewart Ricky Martin eats have 6 sharing will Smith has four piece
They be having four
Marilyn Monroe and Julia Roberts too. Why would they say that about poor Julia Roberts? I don't know she want an Oscar
She's adequate. I think she's a fine actress. I think she's very good. But I mean, you know, let's
I'll be cross be one D Martin one no votes yet for Bob Newhart Larry King sliced alone
Queen Latifah or Barbara stress in and we put J. Lo and Jerry Seinfeld on yet, but we will
We will right away even though bonerboys pretty upset about the Seinfeld thing. Do you watch that show? I mean when it was on did you watch it?
Yeah, and you liked Seinfeld well, he was the worst one on the show. I mean
You thought that was a good show. It was all right. The story lines were good. Yeah
I mean, especially relatively to yeah, he wasn't funny. He wasn't funny. Everybody else was right
I'm gonna pop a few pills now reds and oranges lose about 130
That facts we had just had to be a ball of us, you know, that guy would have been a little
Spec ice cream. I'm expecting it because then we got we got to follow up facts that I threw in the garbage saying a lot of the same thing
But just the dripping with fake fakeness. Oh
Oh in other words like like we really like it. Yeah, it's gonna spoil my whole weekend if I find out there's somebody out there
Don't like some movie our life you weekend some life singer. We're gonna spoil at least the whole rest of May
567 05 60 the most important thing is we find George's dog this weekend. It's important thing is fine little Mickey
Little pomeranian little 10 pomeranian. You know what pomeranians look like little
Metterscotch well, you know white underneath tiny little dog like five six seven pounds whatever they weigh
I wish you pomeranians are cute and you got to fight it there in Hollywood. Okay, in fact
What we're gonna do is we're gonna put George's address on the website phone number phone number pressure of his house
Well, he had they pay people generally know where you live in a Hollywood by a 95 area over there right 95 and share it around
95 insurance street. I'll take pictures of the front and the back of the house with it they can find it by boat
In fact, maybe he went over there to put the balls back on that poster on a billboard
When it's sure in 441 and maybe where he's headed right now is he guy was he uh is it a he it's a he
Now he was big black balls if you're looking at him from behind. Oh, no, he's still got balls. Oh, yeah big black balls blackens
How could a pomeranian have black balls? Yeah, that's what they are
Jesus no wonder he ran away from home. He's looking for something. Oh
Mommy that maybe he's busy right now. Let's hope
Maybe he's doing the old in out up and down asmo
Here's a lady in Evan sure. Hello
Neil yes, man. Here's our first lady in two days
That's why I called you. I'm gonna represent all the women out there
And never call all both of them right and I wanted to I was gonna add J. Low to your list, but you beat me to it
Um, I like to add
Okay, is another one good one and
Congratulations on your time change. I hated the 9 to 1. I loved the 10 to 2. Yeah, me too
And I hope George finds his dog that's a shame. Isn't that awful? What a way to go into the weekend, huh?
It is it is. I'm sure he'll come home after he gets a little something
Right. That's probably what he's looking for probably probably got he probably got that from George
Yeah, probably thanks sweetheart
You're welcome. We have a good weekend
You too. Bye-bye. Bye-bye George. Take care. Thank you
You're welcome Christina Aguilara get that bitch on air. Okay. Although I do like that new uh that beautiful
Let the song the video uh the newer one is also kind of visual
Which you got new one beside beautiful. Yeah, it's artsy fart. See it's cool looking
Well, where do you see music videos anymore and two? Oh
I see if M2 shows it
Oh
No, no, do you know what this is? I have no idea. What do you want? It's much music, but they have a segment where it's called French kiss
Where's we say in America freedom kiss right and these are frog videos
Can't you hear they're speaking in frog okay. Oh my god
They'll probably take the show off the earth they find out that we had that on
Huh is this one of those pet and guild bits? No, this is what are you talking about?
Tell me what all of that was pala wasn't it? This is French cartoon
You know
And for those of you who are holios out there that can't get enough of it in South Florida
We've even got some of that on tv here too
Repetition this initial azo
And when all of them indicated that we were at the tirons of the 12 passes that's enough
5 6 7 0 5 makes me feel just like I'm at home, which is why I don't want to hear anymore of it
11 53 at 5 60 WQM the most overrated celebrity of all time is our poll today on the Orangers.com
Also check out our bedtime stories and let's get those contestants in there for the third hot couples contest
Maybe we exhausted our hot couples, huh?
I don't know the people that didn't win can resubmit and now that they know what kind of pictures this crowd likes
Right, that's right even if you look like crap if you have like the less clothing you have honored and more votes
You're gonna get these lead don't even have to show your face as long as you we don't want to see your private
So okay, I mean we'll have to do it just your corporeals
Uh, no seriously do we want to see like stark naked pictures with all the a prime?
Well covered up covered up the important parts
We'll do a lot of bucks a little punks on there and then of course there'll be some ojn provocateur will start
You got naked pictures with penises and vagina's we have the black bar. We'll put it over it. No, we won't
Probably get 50,000 huh 50,000 hits a minute on our website well, you'll have to check it out for yourself
Michael Jackson's got 27 Justin Tinkerbell is moving past Rosie like she's standing like she squatting still
On other tide
Michael 28 Justin and Rosie 25 and those are the three contenders right now the others are all pretenders and those are the three contenders
Here's Miami. Hello
Hello, yes sir and you know what Kevin Costner
Yeah, he bugs me. I hear oh man that guy's got zero freaking talent like and zero personality. He's got no
It's just so you fall asleep watching his movie
An outstanding choice and you know what also
Definitely glorious to find you can come in for that one and
Yeah, all of the other ones man. They won't get a vote each
But you know in reality the overrated person. I don't know if it's a celebrity, but I mean definitely George W. Bush
I mean that guy so overrated. There's not even funny
Hey man. Okay, I have a great week week with a lot of life and quote while you're ahead
5 6 7 here's my 75 choices for the poll today. Who are the 4,000 most overrated celebrities of all time?
haha
George W. He's in a separate category. Yeah, I mean in fact when we get to who's the uh who's the most overrated dumb person of all time
Like that is the most overrated period see sliced the lawn. I don't think it is an act in his case
Are we gonna say that's an act? I don't think it is an act. I think he's as dumb as he uh he comes across
He's a dullard. Well, you know, you wrote that script for Rocky. Yo
Great man. Am I impressed? Well, but George that's always what you know what it takes whether it's music whether it's uh, you know
They green play somebody writes it that makes him great right off the bat. No
So he's gonna start knocking knocking Marvin gig again
He's dead
Yeah, he don't care you can knock him up see it's one thing about somebody if they're dead
Like Elvis or Sinatra Riffinman ass. Okay, they don't care. They're dead and bother them
How about being crossby he's dead and we're gonna ask boring old
Troll child be looking at the phone is reading. I must be another package down there
What package could I possibly have come anything uh for else package bubblehead
Oh, yeah, for else gonna have if you don't want to get our best of Neil CD
I guess you can get them both you can get for else a package on a bottle head
Mm-hmm
And you can sit it on the a passenger seat in your car on your way to work in a round town
If you didn't kind of like pet it on the head
Yeah, three minutes till noon at five sixty here's something else that you ought to pop in your push and that's olio med
olio med soft sales contain the best olive oil on a planet
It's not just ordinary pedestrian olive oil. It's super concentrated little with all kinds of good stuff for you
olio med in your mouth every day can up reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol
And there are now our 14 different olio informalists from which to choose each one containing pharmaceutical
great olive oil with vitamins minerals and urbels to support specific health needs from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system
All you have to do is pick out the formulas that are right for what you're for what aels you and now they have three new
Olio med formulas one to help you sleep one to help you control your weight and sell Q 10 for your heart
Picks them up today. What you do when you're shopping pick it up at public's records wall green's whole food markets
Navarro's or sedano is very can order olio med online if you want at olio med america dot com
If you want more information about this do penn this products call
One eight six six olio med it's a toll-free call one eight six six six five three six six thirty six thirty three four better health
Start popping some olio med in your purse today
My life and local
This is for trade oil by city
You way
Try the you bastard
Tonight on american movie classics we pretty much run out of anything worth seeing
I mean truthfully how many movies can really be called classics
If a dozen eight tops you got your citizen Kane you've gone with the wind on the waterfront
Maybe you or I can't think of any more so tonight
AMC presents a true classic how stellar got a groove back. I'm totally serious then in 11
It's how stellar got a groove back. We're gonna play it twice other classics this week include pretty in pink each top
The cable guy Zoolander glitter Howard the doc French kiss that Meg Ryan movie no one saw and barber shop
Because now AMC stands for American movie crap
All right
I think just as a protestive at one fact I'm gonna watch it again this weekend good
Requiem for dream but anybody don't like that movie your taste is in your touch okay and begging you please this weekend
Glenn Gary Glenn Ross. Okay, and the other one I got to watch is
ravaged is it the name of it? I don't know that wasn't what am I something like that and what's that mad Dylan movie that begins with a B
Oh, what was it drugstore cowboy? Yeah, yeah, brushster cowboy. Yeah, oh begins with a B the the born
something
Born identity what I just got through sand
trouble three at five sixty double the cue emits are a new to one hour, which is not
Not a big deal anymore used to be we're waiting for the one to two hour
You know yesterday I did that this bears repeating just in case anybody missed it. I'm because then I don't want you to say I didn't warn you
I was nine days in Amsterdam. I wouldn't wish it on Hitler and the Iatola and Osama Yomama and Sodom wherever he is
And now it's gonna be even worse
Dutch coffee shops famous for selling cannabis are about to see business go up in smoke is what it says in this story
Officials have just put the finishing touches to a measure banning smoking in cannabis selling cafes
Due to get government approval soon the law aims to protect employees of all companies from passive smoking
Any coffee shop that has employees will be affected too said truly prins director of Dutch anti-smoking groups to borrow
Although cannabis is formally illegal in Netherlands its use and sale are tolerated under strict government conditions
Coffee shops where customers can buy a small amount of cannabis without fear of arrest are a major tourist draw
Should say we're a major tourist draw
You can't complain about the tourists and Amsterdam now because there aren't any
Coffee shop owners were aghast it says the whole point of going to a coffee shop is to smoke said arjan ross
Scams chairman of the union for cannabis retailers
The men in the post around 800 cannabis cafes smoking a joint in Amsterdam coffee shop
Vise with canal boat tourist trips to the flower market and of course trips to the red light district
Which I know is they didn't put in here for a place on tourist itineraries
I do like them apples man. The world is becoming more and more repressive more asked backward
So not to make your start pop and pills
Red ones green ones
Blue ones and maybe a couple of orange ones too like a middle of that
If there or she must be citrus good for the Florida economy right and chewable
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line are pulled today on your rushes.com
Who is or was the most overrated celebrity of all time rosy is just moving in the first place
With a big burst must because fat boy was in air while ago
You know when my phone rang before to break
Yeah, then I went out there to check it during a commercial break and there was no message on there
So that's probably fat boy is
Behind whoever that was calm
If this fat piece of turd don't stop messing with my life don't ever call here or have anybody call here again
You piece of crap you okay?
You big gigantic piece of oozing human excrement
rosy 32 michael's action 28 and just in tickerbell 25 glory is doing a very
Commendable fourth glory as step on with 17. She's a local favorite. Yeah, exactly. Oh local despise one
Here's sunrise. Hello
Yeah, I knew the one that you got your best one at all your most most like person. How about Oprah?
Oprah's good. Oprah's not on the list. Not yet. Can't believe it. Well, there's so many, you know
I know I know we were waiting for you. There you go. Have a good day. I gotta get to work here. I'm gonna most gonna get caught by
Okay, thanks. He's almost gonna get caught. Oprah. Oprah would be good. Let's get that bitch. Oprah
Homeless made the billions of dollars. We have no idea why Oprah
And you want to know why she's made all that money because there's a lot of stupid women in a country
I mean there's many stupid men, but there's a lot of stupid women
Who are like sheep
In fact, Clarins was telling me that cheap about as close as he's gotten yet to real woman so far
Is that what he said? He was a little bit cheapish about telling me that that was bad
That was bad. You're right
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. I got bad story from Vegas
Fire destroys a historic Vegas casino and I never heard of it
I guess I never heard of it the historic casino
There was once the only integrated gambling spot in Vegas and played host to the Lexus Sammy Davis Jr
Frank Sinatra and that king Cole was destroyed by fire yesterday
Three people were injured about a hundred others were evacuated from apartments that were once the Mulan Rooge's casino hotel rooms
The apartments were separate from the casino and did not burn the injured two residents in a firefighter were treated at a hospital
Released the Mulan Rooge about a kilometer northwest of the downtown casino district opened in 1995 and 1955
Excuse me in 1955 is the only integrated casino in Nevada
Sinatra, Cole and Davis were among the headliners who appeared in the club rooge showroom
The casino closed after only six months, but in 1960 city and gambling leaders met there to officially desegregate the Vegas strip
This is a big loss for Nevada and for the African-American cultures said they'll Scott
Chief executive of the Mulan Rooge development corp which is renovating the property and plan to be open to casino and its 50th anniversary
The long closed properties had a string of owners and renovation plans and has been a long time focus of preservationist
This month it was listed among 11 Nevada history replaces in danger being lost to development other pressures
Firefighters arrived at the building north of downtown shortly after one aim to find a roof and gulf and flames the building was gutted
Oh north of downtown. I wonder I never seen it. I mean downtown is bad enough going to you ever been downtown?
Yeah to get married to get the marriage marriage license
You got you got married in Vegas. I keep forgetting that at the weak hook of the Heather wedding chapel
See little did you know at that point that all these years later you would lose your little dog and that would be
Basically the end of whatever bestages you have left whatever minimal
I can't go back no George can't go back anybody want to put George up for the weekend
In fact, George may spend the weekend under the overpass with the Venerbor. I hear it's really gonna put another better put another sheet out there
I had to kick one of the bombs up
Another pillow. I'll bring my own box. We have some here at the store. All right. That's okay
5 6 7 0 5 60
I'm 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I feel I feel really bad
I do if I ever did some stupid thing like that one of my daughters would have run away and just you know somebody give me that once
I'm not I'm not playing all these how now that we got look now that we got the for real
You know, I mean the other guys like
Small potatoes now out of sight out of mind and plus I don't even have to see him anymore
So we can say stupid things like here's a problem with George. Yeah, he's stupid
See and at the time we thought we thought he was joking around come to fight on he was serious
That was that was the beginning of planting the seeds to get your ass fired
Not only didn't that work mode didn't your campaign against me not work
But also you're like being shoved back in the middle of the night according to Tom jica
All of a sudden just became a genius in the last couple of days
And has some idea what's going on in the market you're getting shoved back into the dark hours of the night times sweetheart
Won't be hearing him no mo pretty soon that that's just my own just a guess just thinking out loud
Because if Greg is that obsessed with for real
Then you know 6 to 10 can't be far behind although maybe 5 to 6 wouldn't be bad
You think
Huh, I mean he could be the for well warm up show
Five to six a.m. You get up three in the morning you drive all the way from Bokeh down to North
You park your explore out there and you're covered parking you go inside you do one hour
Gellies there looking you're around the edges of your balls or you go home again. I got it. He could do the updates
He could be the update kind of for all show that's not bad
For else if you don't want him here's Viral Beach. Hello
Hey, Hill. Yes, sir, where you're listening about Wayne you
Wayne Newton is outstanding
I'm speaking of Vegas
I got it in the other room but after watching that other horrible movie. What's the name of the one you guys
After watching after watching bully. I don't know if I want to watch that
I never watch fully but you got to see fit the horror movie meal. Okay. I got it. I'll watch it this weekend
All right, they get easy thanks, Valley. So now which one of you saw kids Carlos and right
Uh, now already 30 13-year-olds getting naked and getting AIDS and doing nasty drugs
I don't I thought he said it's a horror movie
It's a horror movie a horrible movie
5670560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line
Rosie's uh, now that you believe this rosy business sure
Yeah, we believe it
And of course rosy lives in South Florida right now along with a lot of other anxious people whom we can't stand
Michael's looking to move there
We got oh Jay
Slime didn't slice the loan liver for a long time right i'll tell you that that's when you know the neighborhood is really gone south
When it gets so bad that even sliced the loan moves out then you know you got real tourists
Here's the call from Miami. Hello. How you doing Neil? Okay. Uh, I got two of them for you
And then I got a question and a and a question and an answer and a uh song
David Hasselhoff
David Hasselhoff is excellent and James lived in
James Lipton you know, I got a problem that interviews the stars the ball dude with the glass. I don't know
That is he's a small potatoes and he's he's a tiny tiny
Tear it you're gonna do a best of this year right okay
How long was yesterday when you were on with Scotty on the on the internet
About 20 minutes can you put that on the CD sure because that would I know there was I heard there was a lot of cursing and stuff going on there
There sure was and the request
Yeah, it's possible Joe versus Bo Griffin
Oh, yeah, okay, Joe and Bo Show. Yeah, thanks. Take care Neil
1213 at 560 he covered all the bases there David Hasselhoff very big in Germany for some reason
I guess they like his name that must be it
Not seriously of course gay watch is big all over Europe and has been for years, but they're obsessed with David Hasselhoff
Is he a good actor? No, does he look good anymore? What's upon the timing may have is he no now?
He blows
1213 if QAIM here's a place that'll blow you away because it's so good
It's the number one Asian buffet restaurant in town
It's the Emerald Coast with three sensational locations in Pember Pine sunrise in North Miami
They got six different soups to get you started you can sample a couple of more all of them if you got a big appetite
If you're real cow and they've got dozens of second land trays to keep you happy to keep you full and just
Gazette and Pupik New York strip made a order with the gourmet center resisling Asian grill with grilled shrimp
Scampy style jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon
You hear that being a boy wrapped in bacon
Dungeon is crab and ginger and scallions and hand carved prime rib and be sure and look for the new Oriental chicken salad
The Emerald Coast buffet will never give you a headache no MSG no cornstarch no crap
They cook all of their super duper stuff with only cholesterol free oils and the buffet features a full salad bar
A sushi bar and fresh room cocktail too and they got a full dessert bar if you have any room left at all
Try to squeeze a little in there. Okay, or like I've always told you before take along one of those
What do they call those scoops those scoop things scoops like they scoop ice cream with a poop or scooper and scoops them in your pants
Take it home with it the dessert because I got pies and cakes pastries ice cream with all your favorite toppings
And fresh fruit all kinds of neat good stuff too
Emerald coast in sunrise you'll find them at Pine Island near 44th Street
Collins Avenue just north of 163rd north Miami Beach and at the intersection of flamingo and Pembroke roads in Pembroke pines
So take the whole family or book your next business luncheon right now all-size parties are always welcome
Let our good friends and Emerald coast do all the cooking for you take out delivery available to here's their number to call
954 5723822 this weekend make a real feast for the whole family your whole gang at the Emerald coast Chinese buffet
five local
Six six five six
The radius of your town
you am
Please
Yeah, yeah, and nothing didn't fire this piece of crap five sixty w u a
I'm presents the Joe and Bo Joe
starring Joe Pastello and Bo Griffith in day call five six seven oh five sixty
Mobile users dial bound five six
Two facts Joe and Bo
call three oh five six five oh one nine
now
Here's Joe and Bo
Well, I've never thought I'd find the guy no
Rad that I've been doing around these to me
What do you want now?
What do you think you do?
What do you think you do?
You know you're alone
What do you think you do?
What do you think you do?
We play it all the time
I don't want to hear no one is doing nika
Vashin you said it I didn't say what?
Yeah, I said you said that we're not me
I never said it
That'd be close enough for me
What is your problem?
My problem be you
You right
I'll get getting faster you
Now don't you be looking at me
Don't you be looking at me honey
Don't look at me
Don't you just never got over Cleo stealing your gig
What do you say?
You heard me
What do you say?
I said you know who I am
I am the great
Mm-hmm
Bull gripping
I have you know I carry a lot of weight around here
Yes, you carry it around here
And around here
And around here
Oh, I want no one
Who can ask file and try
No
Freeze
Get your wire bases in here
Right now
Right now
Explain what's going on
He takes the last booth beef that was in the lunch room
Then
He's those ripping my black hat on it
I'll
I'm going to kill you
I'm going to kill you
Everybody stay back
Stay back
Be careful with that
I'm not going to die
What time is here?
Show on now
On what?
20 past noon at 560 WQAM on a really interesting Friday
As Ernie Sochin would say very interesting
Let's see we got did we add the I'm curious is how a Jerry Seinfelds doing he's got no votes
See
J.O. has got no votes Christine Aguilar has got no votes Kevin Costas got none and Oprah that's because they just got added on it
Don't give me this C. Okay, folks are speaking as fun you all
Spick in English. Oh yeah
Here's Del Ray. Hello
Hey
Neil and George how are you?
Okay
No, this is Neil. I actually gave George's dog. Oh good god. Neil you're going to kill me
Yeah, what what happened?
I let him out last night and escaped out the fence. Where is he? That's the million dollar question or the five hundred dollar question. I want him back
Which is my dog this is the guy the guy that gave me the dog when he was a puppy. Oh my god
What happened Neil
He got me as George. I got out last time. I'm in Toronto. What's out the window about it?
He got out last night man. I got posters everywhere five hundred dollar reward. He's on our website
Guess what I'm doing this weekend
And Nikki never came back. No
Oh man has he gotten out before? No, I mean once. I mean you just walked around at the front yard sniffing around we intercepted him
Yeah, shoot. I don't want I don't want you to feel bad
But if I give you an analogy from the godfather when we're talking about Polly
Oh Polly won't see him no more. Yeah
See what I'm saying? Oh, listen George. Yeah, I gotta get the dog back. No kidding. I can't go home until I do
Well, but wait, let me ask you something. Yeah, how long ago did he give George that dog? I can't even have 60 years ago
So it was when he was like a puppy. Yeah, Neil. I don't know if you remember me. I used to work at the marketing magic building
A real Guido would slip back here. No
No, I remember that asshole. I used to get all ben on a shape about his parking spot
Jack Mark Jack Mark
Jack Mark and no box. Yes, Jack Mark's the spot. Yeah
But yeah, that's when well, they met George and I had this dog. He was a little psycho
And I worked all day so I don't want him home alone and I gave him to George
Well, I think I think you're the one that should feel bad about it more than George
Because you're the one that turned the dog over to irresponsible hands of George and his family. Yeah
Now I trusted George. Like I said, and he's
He's digging baby the holes getting deep. You'll be halfway to China in a minute
He's been treating the dog good the best five and a half six years, but I just heard about this. I had a colon
Well, get out there and get out there and hungry. Get out there and look for myself. Please
Hey, listen to me. I had a couple of doctors to your list
Dr. Phil and Dr. Ruth. Okay, have a great day. Dr. Phil would be good.
Dr. Ruth Dr. Phil belongs on list. Don't you think I want to change my go this guy gave you the dog, huh? Right that answers a lot of question
It was a puppy. Back we know from Jack Mark's
territory over there
From the tragic building over in Hollywood had his shots came with a cage. Yeah
And he entrusted this little dog to your hands and here it is only just a few years later and a dog is gone
I don't know which one of you should feel worse. I think you should both feel visuously on this point
I feel real bad because I never even saw this dog. Well, you can look at the website. Oh, is this picture on there? Yeah
Oh, I just think he's so cute. I can do this during the middle of the show. I get depressed. Yeah, you know what a dog lover. I know. Yeah. Oh
What a little sweetie. Oh, no
Are you kidding me? I wish I was. That's Nikki. What a cute little sweetheart is the fact that you changed the color. He looked a little like tiny
Of course, tiny is dead. I know that he's got his haircut. He's got the shorter hair going. He's very similar looking to tiny
Yeah, but the pointy nose and everything just different color. Mm-hmm kind of like a bowgrip and a joker still. Yeah similar but different color
So there's the picture on here and there's the number to call for to be with a $500 reward for a Nikki, please
We want that little dog back by the end of the day at the latest. I'll drive to you
Yeah, George will come and pick it up even if you're lucky
Bring the girl if you're on it whether it's the city or the planet. He'll come and pick up the dog
He'll bring you cash. Don't take George's check believe me if you got the dog
You want cash on the barrel head. Don't take no check from George
Five six seven you say that like a bounce to check no, I'm I didn't say you bounce to check
I'm just giving them good advice. I know how much you make how little you make
Oh, George does have a couple of appearances this weekend
So I take the check and hold it for a couple of days and speaking of taking checks and holding it for a couple of days
I would like to announce to the world for the umpteenth time that watch over your money bank should only croak, okay?
Oh my god the mistakes that these people make where were they find these retartos that they her at that bank
What Kovie or watch over you watch over you? Yeah, watch over you ass is what you ought to be watching over they suck
They make me sick not like Tony's keep making mistakes over it. Oh, Tony's what oh their delivering food Carlos had to eat
Oh, we love our friends at Tony's at
93rd and four second Avenue. Huh am I right? Yes
See the old mine is still there especially when it comes to food Tony's has got good stuff
Tony's in North. They there hundred ninety-third North West second Avenue for delicious pizza and all kinds of Italian goodies and
Carlos was
desperate again. They don't make bacon though. Guess what they do
So they really make bacon at Tony's yeah, I'll be goddamn well the next time that I'm in town will get food from Tony's not get like about
600 strips of bacon
Now let me ask you one more thing about making bacon and I can't say making bacon on here because I think they're making bacon
What's that something about that Pacific? I think back in 72 or three that they got fined by the FCC the name of that
Audio of an employee huh? It was called making bacon
But anyway cooking bacon
Why is he have to have a paper plate?
Oh, because they it soaks degrees was their point I would recommend a stack of paper towels on regular plate. Oh
Well, I could go out and just get some bacon right now like right after the show and I can cook up like
400 strips of it a whole side of it and just suck it right down 27 past noon at 560 WQ AM
Oh
That has really please go away
Find a new way to attack up a they go home and eat your whole homes
Till you explode
Just like your fat fat churned ladies have to bite your seats on a plane
Spending your fingers that have yellow stain from he told you and see your toes
After piggy who knows
How to be fat disgusting and hasty
You make the show
Women smile
They like a cow
Spand and buzzy B kad
Indicator
like
after it was occupied by
tomorrow
fun
Squirrel
I can squeal, I can squeal, I can squeal fat lady
Living with your numberless eaves
Labyrinth's gotten the tree between her and me
That's my tail, old yeast
It smells fishy to me
That's enough of a tune that's moist and tasty
Hey
She's in first place and pulling away
Rosie's got 41 votes, the most overrated celebrity of all time
Covers a lot of territory but with an ass like that it's not hard I guess
Michael Jackson 31, Justin Tinkerbell 27, and Gloria Estefan we have in 20
Here's a lady in West Palm, hello
Hello
Yes ma'am
Well a lot of folks stolen my thunder wet with O'Brun
Dr. Phil, but certainly Martha Stewart should be ranked
She's on there
I didn't notice her I'm sorry
Well I mean it's possible that he didn't put her on there
It wouldn't be her, it wouldn't be her first mistake, although let's blame Vena
Oh there she is, Ma'am no she's not, I don't see her
I didn't need it at first
14 votes
She's got 14 votes?
Oh Sam looking down at the bottom, 14 votes, that's why we're not finding her
She's already worth being on there
She's moving up the ladder fast
Well, enclosing
Eisner
That was great, a lady doing Eisner
Even the women now are using our drop-ins
Eisner
In fact pretty soon the women of South Florida are going to be running around going
Just like that
Here's a great story, man arrested after coming doing downtown LA
A man seized control of a construction crane towering above downtown LA for more than eight hours
Rotating the cab and throwing objects at rescue teams before finally surrendering early today
Kevin Donaldson 43 was arrested around 4am after he peacefully climbed down from the cab
Police said he likely faced vandalism charges
A caller reported seeing Donaldson in the crane of a construction site about a block from City Hall about 730 last night
As police officers and firefighters arrived the man began hurling objects down to the ground at them
The crane is on the side of it was to be the new state Department of Transportation building
Police said Donaldson told them he used to be a crane operator in Montana before moving to LA
Before authorities cut power to the crane he dropped its hook and rotated its cab for a time
Negotiators eventually were able to talk to Donaldson down
He told police that he hadn't seen his children in seven years and wanted to kill himself
This is what he said
I'm going to kick his ass and then I'll steal his two pay
No, where's that cut? Which one is that?
Right, yeah, fucker
The family had a lot of fucker
Huh, which cut is that? 14?
I will just steal your white
Yes
Huh, you know what I'm talking about?
No, the kick is that
Oh, I know the one it is
It's this one where the guy says
Oh, we showed the dead
That's the one
That was worth looking for
But you didn't put any index in here and I haven't had time to like read it up
Sorry, but it's a rush job
That's okay, it was a rush job, no problem
The most important thing is we got this
Oh
You know something that would be like criticizing spaghetti and equal
Even though it's an American thing, it's not the type
Right? Like criticizing the godfather
Right, right, exactly
Like critiquing the godfather and saying, oh, I wasted two and a half hours, three hours, whatever it is
Of my life
And that's the one you know
Yes?
That's what they think a good movie is if that was not
That's like that's part of it calls me all the time you call it yesterday
What do you consider a good call?
Always says exactly the same thing
I think a good movie is where there's a lot of great lines like
What a thing your blood it brings all over your nice type of leaks to
Like that?
Yeah
Where there are memorable lines
And what is great acting?
Requiem for a dream?
Have memorable lines?
It's murderous
I think your brain is going soft
Yeah, they were doing lot of lines in Requiem for a dream
Well, I guess you know
That's probably one of those people who's in denial
Doesn't matter what myth or all the old people are all hopped up on drugs
And that the young people are all hopped up on drugs
And every the twain shall meet except except when it's time to like palm the TV
Five, six, seven
That was so great when he started trying to yank the TV out of the apartment
And as she had it she had it locked out with a chain
It was great
Nice going Sarah
Sarah Goldfarb, I consider
But there's a little Sarah Goldfarb in me make no mistake about it
What the hell?
She was hooked on pills, I'm hooked on sugar
I will say this, I went through an entire day yesterday, no sugar
One day, one day in a row
Do you have any idea how long it's been since I've been able to do that?
No, I think since I've been back from Amsterdam Sunday
Two days, what is today?
Friday, two days out of five, six, two out of six ain't bad
Of course it was
It's bad
When you're addicted
How many heroin addicts you know who goes two days out of six without a fix?
I don't know any heroin
And I got news for it, oh yeah, where you know any heroin addicts
No, except for L
In fact, if you'd run up all your drugie friends they could probably find your little dog in about an hour
Well, they're busy
Yeah, well when they, in fact, they're probably on every street corner of Hollywood right now
So if you would just contact them, Tom McKee, I'd get a look out
Get on your 100 bucks, we'll buy a lot of weed
Start dialing in beeper numbers, man
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, here's another lady, I can't believe it in Miami, hello
Hello
Yes, ma'am
Hi, Neil, hi George
Well, this is the third lady I've hung on for an hour
Oh right, we'll help you for a whole hour
Listen, I love the new lineup, I think it's great
For real, he's a hot sketch, I love him
And George, I got all my good vibes out for your puppy
I'm also an animal lover
Thank you
You will find your puppy
You will find it
Shake him a raka for me
Yes, I'll take two for you, darling
Yeah, it's totally chicken and nail it on the door
Listen, darling, I wanted to say my Carson Daily, I actually, I feel sick to my stomach when I see him
I can't believe that, I don't know why everybody loves him, but anyway, to reach his own, right?
Exactly
And my vote here, besides Larry King, how about Jerry Lewis?
Yeah, Jerry Lewis, because although Jerry Lewis at once upon a time was funny
Oh, I never liked him, I'm sorry
No, no, but I mean we hate him now because of the telephone stuff and because it's...
I'm kind of curious, you know everyone says he's the genius
They do?
Well, every time I hear you, I think it's the genius
Only the friends say that, the frogs like him
Well, that last speaks for that, right?
What does that say?
Well, listen, just be happy forever and I got my vibes out for you, George, and the puppy
Okay, sweetheart, thanks
Say a raka, say a little prayer, I'm a sooty press now that I saw that dog
I mean, it's one thing to talk about it because it makes it kind of like impersonal
But then when you actually see it, cue this little dog
Oh
Damn it
Let's have a house-to-house, a county-wide church for George's little dog
Let's get this one little thing done on the show with the last damn thing that we do
I'm friends with that loser too
Yeah, I know
20...
20-feel one
Anybody missed for all on the radio's debut this morning, you missed this
Ah!
What if it's a backup?
Ah, I can't make it up the street, I'm too fat
Ah!
Yeah, do a reasonable taste of that
Maybe that was the imitation of Dorena, he was doing it
It says a liar
20-feel one at 5.60, Q.A.M
I'm not a liar, I'm not a liar
It's just 20-feel five-six, Q.A.M
At the moon, man
Once there was this kid
His thickest hand under his arm
And make this custom sound, and then each day
His tongue out
And then he turned his eyelids inside out
He drank a glass of milk from a straw stuck up his nose
He was a little bit of a fool
He was a little bit of a fool
Once there was this kid
Nice caution, cat or billers
With a hammer on the ground and when he got
Some fire works
There'd be a cross low in a mountain from long
With this living he would name it
His hamster didn't have his beard
Oh, he is
She's very side-failed to get one vote
It's just un-American, I think they're afraid that they're going to be tracing their computer
And the secret service and the FBI will show up at the door if they vote for Jerry Sinpo
But I don't have the balls to put another one on there because Zillin
Samuel's, she inspired me with a little email
I was going to mention it before because I mentioned Jay Leno
Johnny Carson
Johnny Carson, you're not supposed to say that
No, sacrilegious
I didn't find him funny, I didn't find him entertaining
I didn't find him to be a great interview, I didn't find him to be anything
And he was not for about 100 years
You just don't, you dash and say that man
But I figured it's the weekend so by Monday they'll forget I sent it
Johnny Carson, get him on the list, Boehner boy
Here's a lady in plantation, hello
Hey Neil, yes man
I may miss the boat because I haven't been listening our morning
But did anybody mention Anna Nicole Smith?
No, there's a good one
Because there was a time when you couldn't turn on the television without seeing her
They had pushed somewhere
And then now they've given her a show
I mean I don't know what her claim to fame is except marrying an old guy
Exactly, and then I don't know what Kevin and Diana's seriously
And I don't know what Kevin and Diana's seriously
Before she was on Reaches
Bible songs
Let me just say one other thing while I was waiting
And you were talking about you went one whole day without sugar
You reminded me of the scene where
Vera goes out and sits with her friends
And they go, what diet are you on?
And she says the egg and grapefruit diet
And she goes, how long have you been on it?
And she goes all day
But it's only noon
Yeah, it's only noon or only one o'clock yet
I was great at seeing it
I know that's a lot, when you're addicted you're right
That's a long time
You're right
And you really feel it
When you're addicted to sugar
You get hit achy and you feel way off your feet before you're here too
Oh gosh
Well good luck to me
Okay, and in the cold
Thanks
Get around there and in the cold Smith
You got it
She's a liar
50 votes for Rosie
Big fat Rosie seems to be pulling away
She got off to like, you know, decent start
But I guess when you're big and clumsy like that
Before you really get rolling, you know
Flat, flat, that always floats
For the time
Flat floats
So did you tell Fat Boy the history?
Yeah
And he said
Oh
Oh, yeah
What did he say?
He said
What can we do to fix it, Polly?
And I said nothing, go away, do nothing
Leave me alone, Fat Boy
Leave me alone, quit killing me with kindness
Stop interfering with my life
I'm 1200 miles away
I'm enjoying life tremendously, okay?
Everything is beautiful, even the stars germs are beautiful
Everything is great, just leave me alone
I'd rather have a mad cow for lunch than ever
Deal with that cow again
Go away, Fat Boy
Rosie with Donald 50 speaking of fat
Michael Jackson 34
Justin Tinkerbell 29
He's right on Michael's ass
Gloria Stefan 21
Carson daily 20
Madonna 19, Elvis Presley 19
Snotchos 17
Martha Stewart 16
She's a homemaker like Amahoe maker Martha Stewart
In fact, even Grayson passions can make a great tomato soup cake
I bet your Martha Stewart can't do that
More
Tomato cake
Tomato
That's part of the insanity of the show
You have to be a passions person to appreciate that
I feel like a seller or so
All Grayson, some of her famous tomato soup cake
Mariah Carey 15, Bob Hope 13
Ricky Martin 10, Barbara Streisand 10
Jay Lino, Leno's God 9
Oprah 8, Sharon Marilyn Monroe 7
Larry King's God 6
Will Smith 6, Jennifer Lopez 5, JLo
Sylvester Stallone
The old slime isters got 5
Bill's that thing calling
What is that damn thing?
Rainbow Boy
Oh yeah, that's what's called
He belongs under, Donnie
Absolutely
Okay
He's got 5, Queen Latif has got 4
Seinfeld's got 3
Alright
New Hearts got up here
Dean Martin 2, Julia Roberts 2
Bing Crosby 2
Christina Aguilero 1
And so far David Hasselhoff
And Kevin Costa between the two of them they got the big 0
Who did we put on yet?
Johnny Carson and Nicole Smith
And Dr. Phil
Where is Dr. Phil?
Oh, Donnie Boy
I don't know
Did you email the same home?
Yeah
Well, let's get with it
Let's get with it Eric
Let's move it along
I know we're right in the middle of your lunch hour
You know, this probably screwed up her
It's metabolism moving back to 10 to 2
Can you imagine now?
Now he's going to have to like turn brunch
into like an all day affair
Because
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale
Hello
Oh, alright
You know?
Yes sir
I just wanted to like let you guys know that
There's going to be like a four next year like the work port
That it's called rock against bush
And it's going to be like system of the downed no effects
We either, I don't know if you know
Oh right
Yeah, but and to get in
All you have to do is register to vote
for all the young kids that
You know, want to like
get in the voting process
and it's right before the elections
Excellent
Okay
Where's it going to be?
It's going to be all over
It's going to it's like a port
It's going to go around the country
But I mean, it is going to be in South Florida
Oh yeah
Great
Okay, everybody get out there register
of course they are
Of course
Okay, thanks pali
Thank you
See you
Get out registered to vote all you punks out there
and vote for anybody but W
Let me tell you that right now
If you value your freedoms
If you value anything
Of course the market keeps soaring up there
Can you explain that to me?
No
I think it's a setup
Do you see that today?
Well they're happy about those dividend tax breaks
Is that what it is?
I guess I don't know
I thought maybe they were happy about the fact that the dollars
were about three cent everywhere else now
God the dollar
Look at that
The dollar is up 134.8845
Oh!
The Nasdaq's up 18
It's almost to 1693
Oh!
Don't hold your breath
Okay, don't get too carried away
Do you want to have a good time with your money?
Take it to Vegas
Take it to Atlantic City
Take it to Pompedo Park this weekend
Take it and have a great time with it
Do not give it to Mitch Hirsch
Here's a call from Jupiter
Hello
I think that was Fat Boy, wasn't it?
It sounded just like Fat Boy
He was evil twin
56670560
We haven't had one negative to recall on Pharrell so far
How do you like that?
That's surprising?
Yeah, actually for this crowd
For this crowd and especially considering he's so out of the ordinary
To say the very least
I mean he's just one in a trillion
He is different, he is a trip
He's a piece of work, he's bizarre
He's strange, he's spastic
Spastic I think is the word the best describes Pharrell
Spastic
I can listen to my little brother on Metallica you jerk
Now let me ask you what is that?
That was a call that he got
So it's part of the Pharrell drama
Oh I see
56670560
Pound 560 on the AT&T line
Here's Del Rey-B, chill out
Neil?
Yes sir
Hey, I was calling about the movie
I wasn't crazy about it, my wife didn't like it either
But I think what the craze is about it
Is the cinematography of it, that's really great
We talked about Requiem for a dream
Yes, sorry about it
What did you like about it?
It was just ponderous, you know, it was just going on and on and on
But you know the cinematography was great on it
I mean the way they just went into the scene it was really good
I wouldn't say it was a great movie, I wouldn't put it up there with the Godfather
One of the 10 best movies of all time
I'd like to have a poll on that people who saw it and see what they thought about it
What kind of a poll were that because I guarantee 95% of the people in the audience never saw it
We could do a mini-poll on that
Yeah, I'm just curious to see if it's just me or if it's just, you know, is it a really great movie?
Because I didn't think it was great, I thought it was good, but I didn't think it was great
I thought it was sensational, in fact I watched it twice in two days
I was so blown away by it
I couldn't wait to get it because you talked about it, but you know what, the next one on my list is happiness
I can't write it down
Why not? Is it in round?
I checked blockbuster from Boynton to Boca, every blockbuster on the internet, and they don't have it
I'll lend you my copy
Yeah, if you come down to Hollywood and find George's dog, he'll let you have his copy
Well, I think I'm just going to order that one, I'm on that DVD club thing
Call this water and go for it, do what it's all about
I hope you like that one, I don't want to be over two
That's a big lot, Neil
Okay pal
I would
Didn't like Cap, I didn't like Requiem for a dream
I don't get it
Was it Pondras?
Wasn't Slow?
No, it quite, quite the contrary, that's the whole thing
It started out fast
It started out fast and just kept getting faster and faster
Your head was spinning by the time you got about two-thirds of the way through it
And then the last time that Harry stuck that needle in his arm, I mean at that point you were just
Yeah, right, yeah, ready to have like an aneurysm
Your brain was about ready to explode
Well, maybe we'll hear some, we just don't get a lot of response from these bastards, you know
We go on a year, we talk about movies for, I mean we had a lot of response about that on the movie pools
But in terms of specific movies
There's got to be a lot of people that love that movie, I just, for the life of me, I don't get it
Everyone I know
Even Bonerboy liked it, you know his taste is in his toes usually
Although he liked bully too
And Seinfeld
And kids
How Seinfeld doing on a pool?
Let's get a bunch of votes for Seinfeld on there, shall we?
He sucks
Dr. Fildon had any, and now what's with that?
378 votes and Dr. Fildon hasn't had any yet?
Come on, come on people
Johnny Carson got one already, I told you
It's one of those, I just don't get it, I don't understand it
It's like her boss, Granderson, on WABC New York, he was there for about 600 years
And he was there, you wanna know why? Cause he was there
He got in early, he got in, he was like one of the pioneers, and he just stayed there forever
Carled assues on WBZ and Boston, if we're talking about radio, same thing
I mean he was about as dry as sandpaper
But they were just there for a long, long time
And the same with Carson
What about Ed McMahon? He's small but thin as well
I think he's rated exactly right, nobody takes him seriously
Yeah, nobody considers him a real whatever except the shill
Let's have a drinking contest between Ed McMahon and Ferrell
It's coming up Monday morning, 8 to 10
I got some old PDs I wanna throw into that contest
Yeah
Any names?
Steve Nichol Harry Valentine
Here's Leightana, hello
Steve, what's happening?
Yes sir
But I've asked Carl, there's knocking that movie
You sound like a pseudo intellectual asshole to me
Did he really?
The movie was great
You saw it?
Yes, I saw it in Mother's Day
That's a good day to see it, just be glad that Sara wasn't your mother
Yeah, yeah it was great man
Listen, question now, call it foul for your poll
Call and foul, okay?
He's foul, whatever name it is, yeah he sucks
He's foul
Yeah, I guess he is
I think he's highly overrated
On your best office year now
Yeah
Are you gonna have the George Bush, Mr. Dumb President Dumb, you know
Dumb Schmidt?
Yeah, that's right
Absolutely
And you gotta have, I'm not that I'm telling you what to do
But he was destruction
Oh, no question about it, Ferrell will be
I get 10 CDs and sit about there
Those two will be back to back side by each
Everybody was in Pally
You're too bad
Thanks, I got your pardon?
He should hear this
President Dumb poop was on the best of 2001
Oh, not that we can't put it on there again, but no
Let's put it, let's put it on there again, for all time's sake
My and local, your sports radio 560, viewing to Ju-A-M
So long to two hours
Don't lie, all the harbor
Don't don't don't don't every time I see
Don't don't don't let free tart into my soul
Don't don't don't don't fall into my TV
Oh, he's President Dumb, you know
Repubblicate muscle visit and in archingularity
I don't know why they were in watches
Y'all have a nice year, just grew to neck for years
With President Dumb, you know
Oh, what I did to the both of us all
And get to we all voted for one
If you want this, don't talk about lips drumming stupidly
Don't don't don't mind this drunk and rich kid
Don't don't don't ease even, lumber than me
He's President Dumb, you know
Don't care what it's all
You got him here by the upper end of the Christian road
I know what's best of you and I, but how come fear
We've got a great leader here
With President Dumb
Oh, we're fine
One more three and five sixty WMHR
We wanted two hours, don't forget to mad dog
Two to four, hang four to seven and we got that Marlon crap
And of course we got U.M.A. Regions on a Waxi 790
It's 6. What is it?
It's 6.59
There's just too much stuff on here, I can't deal with it
George, after the show today, three to five
The staff noted for Lauderdale Harley on federal highway
Just south of Oakland Park Boulevard, stop by to win Marlon tickets
Red, uh, Marlon's red tickets and enjoy free food from Atlantic City Sub
I'm assuming that's for the night's game
Diet
Exactly
And when you're there, you can commiserate with George about his little lost dog too
Or better yet you can bring him there
You can bring his little dog there or maybe one it looks just like him
And then tomorrow, I'm in one Georgian boner boy
A Viener Boyle will be out at Bill Sydles Boulevard of Savings
Where they still have no idea who George is
He's been in a whole bunch of times, at least 30
Me de me de me de los salvats
Located on the northwest 36th street just west of 27th Avenue Miami
Stop by for prizes, food from Atlantic City Sub
In Hollywood where you know the rest
I'm just getting ready to do a big belt and just kind of like cut stuck in midstream
And don't forget the hot couples contest three
The pictures are pouring in for that knot
We have any today?
Well, besides that one
No, we have no more than that
No
Maybe this thing is over
Maybe we pushed it too far
You know, maybe we just don't have any hot couples out there
We got pretty good prizes
Your first prize for the hottest couple of whoever joins this time is either one of these
3-D 2-Nights Day for 2-Wheel O'Races Resort in Casino and in Bahamas
Including Roundtrip Airfare on Lake Error
Or 3-D 2-Nights Day for 2 at Heedonism 2 or 3 in Jamaica
All inclusive transfers drink food, gratuitous entertainment, no airfare on that one
And then third place couple gets dinner for 2 with the pizza love
Just go to neo-rogers.com, email us, your pictures
And then on June 16 is number we decided Monday is a June 16, yes
The pictures will go up on the web, voters can vote for their favorite, they'll be up there for a week and then the following one they June 23
Couple with the most votes wins for a second and third, get prizes
Pretty simple, you can be in a full-stated dress, a full-stated undressed, you can be, you know, whatever, whatever you might be
5-6705-60 and then of course the fourth place when it gets one of our graces to make a soup cakes
Here's plantation, hello
Yes sir
Yes, how you doing man? I think I'm two most overrated people, one bono from you two and plus ditty
Two marvelous choices
Yeah, they're the most overrated people on the planet, even all like you two but a guy man, he needs to stay out of politics
Okay, he needs to stay out of my face, he makes me sick
Okay, pal, thanks
Bono and Puff ditty, get him on there, okay, P-ditty
He kind of went down in our book after he shot Regis
5-670, got a lot of open lines now, all of a sudden in one to two hours
And these people realize that we're on one to two, probably not a long time
That's going to take us a while, the guy, see, we jerked the audience around, we moved the show to nine to one for reasons
I mean, don't say anybody with a brain, a show that's been on 10 to two for about 50 million years
Everybody's in the habit, everybody's happy, we're kicking ass, we're doing just great
And now we got to make a U-turn again
Because Reg is spastic, maybe that's why he's got such an affinity for a feral
Because spastic is his middle name
All of feral is funny and Greg is less funny, let's put it that way, less funny
5-670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Lone
And when you call you'll have the honor of speaking to Bonerboy
I think that Bonerboy would like to produce the feral show
Good thing he's got to call right now
Oh good
You don't think?
It wasn't important
What do you mean by that?
I don't know, he's probably still talking
Oh, one of those?
Yep
Here's Carl Springs, hello
Neil, yes
Hey, it's going on
How you doing, pal?
Okay, real quickly
I saw Requiem
And I don't know what the hell that factur and that phone call guy has gotten their idiot
It's excellent, Felix
It's depressing to me when I hear stuff
Oh, it is, it's terrible, especially in the movie, seeing Sarah
Let me, did you get to see Momenta?
Momenta, me I...
You know, Momenta, I haven't watched that yet, either, I got a gun
Oh, you got to see that, you're going to love it
Really?
Excellent movie, very good, you'll see it a few times actually
Are you serious?
No, yeah
Are you sure?
I'm positive
I think
It was Georgia told me I'll never get past the first 15 minutes
No, it wasn't me, it was some color or some facts
Oh, somebody told me I'll never get past the first 15 minutes of Momenta
Well, screw him too
Okay
Uh, that's it, I'm out
Okay, thanks, pal.
I've got a lot of viewing to do this weekend, I've got to watch Momento
I've got to watch
I'm begging you
Men Gary Glen Hill
The next one, the next one you watch, Glenn Gary Glen Ross
I've got to watch your Requiem for a pill again
And what's the fourth one?
Me mental
Me mental
And kids
Oh, here comes the fifth part
Oh, this is the part that drives me up the wall
Oh, there's that
Oh, there's that
Oh, we got another winner
Oh
Choose by Sarah, choose by Sarah
Come on, time out again
I'm going to be here
Oh, yeah, and kids more frantic and more frantic and get more wound up
And more just out of control
And then of course, these scene in the end
Yeah, where the two friends from her building, the two old Houses go to
This visitor in the mental institution
And she's got like the short white hair
And like totally spaced out, has no clue what planet she's on
And then the two old lady friends are sitting on the bus bench crying their eyes out
Pretty sad
Yeah, we're message throwing you people out there
Don't be popping too many multi-colored pills all at the same time
No matter how many George tries to sell you
I don't sell pills
And you take it, everything I say you get so defensive, okay? I buy them
Jesus, God, if I said that if I said that you were bone and boner boy, I mean you get all the defensive and boner boy
Including you repeat that like a louder
Who is or was the most overrated celebrity of all time?
That's our poll question today
Don't be picking on George on the day that his dog ran away, okay?
Jesus Christ, it's a traumatic thing, I can only imagine if tiny would have, or Winnie, either one of them would have won it
Well, Winnie, I would have cared tiny n
Ha ha ha
Ha
Ha
You have no idea how many times, especially the little one
And of course you're right, the little ones they're sneaky, they crawl under the fence, they find a way, you know
And they get loose and they just want to traumatize you
If my possible, he might be within a couple of blocks away
Right next door or something
You think?
Laughing at us, no
You don't?
No
Well, why not?
I don't know, I don't know what to think
Be a little more optimistic, I bet he's within
In fact, he's probably over there at IOD
Alright, yeah
He's probably sitting on Mike Disney's lap right now
Oh God
What a thought
Who is or was the most overrated artist of all time?
Did we get Bono and Puff Diddy on there?
Yes
Did we pass those along to Eric who's just shoveling down Smoor's bars?
Do you know that's I don't want to talk about score?
I might do something terrible this weekend because I'm going to be watching all the movies
Yeah, don't do it
Those clon-like bars would score a candy in them, don't eat score anymore
Ha ha ha ha
I love, I love, I don't know how I did that because you know in the past
When I wanted to sugar fix I'd go into like the amaco station, you know
Right
And I'd gas up and I'd go inside and I'd get like one heath bar and one score bar
Because they're very similar, they're almost the same
Right
But a little bit different
English toffee
Yeah
And that would satisfy me and it was never like I was hooked on them
But it was just something that would tide me over
I know they're good value because you get to pick those out of your teeth all day long
Oh yeah
And of course all depending on where you stick them
Back them
But then for some strange reason I know what it was it was when I find the score bites
And of course now that they did the Reese's Pieces thing that was the beginning of that
And now it's a nightmare now they got like Hershey's bites and score bites and bite this and bite that, you know
And then I discovered that Briar's made that score ice cream and now all of a sudden I find a clon-dike makes it a score clon-dike bar
So it's like some goddamn sugar conspiracy out there it's like they're trying to get me, you know
Jesus Christ
Yeah
Rosie's got 61 votes Michael Jackson 35 just in Tinkerbell 29
Hey Justin everybody hates you
Bye bye bye
Including Brittany she finally saw what you look like
Gloria Estefan 25 Carson daily 25 in fact Brittany came out in public in the inquire
She said that Justin only had a stump penis
Stumped it
Carson daily 25 he's doing well and I'm pleased to see that because he blows
Frank Sinatra 21 Elvis 21
I like those Frankie and Elvis duets
She the thing just topped all over the place Madonna 20 Mariah Carey who is really scary is tied with Martha Stewart and Bob Hope 17
Maybe the three of them can make it to me to soup cake
Barbara Streisand 14 Ricky Martin 13 Oprah who's the late addition and we apologize for that
She's human up to this she's got 11 she'll be a contender
Larry King and Jay Leonard together with 10 share with nine Merlin and roll with eight and the others are small potatoes
My life and love this is for 305
60
Way to way
Where's good?
How?
I'm Neemy Phallistok
It was the summer of 1962
I was working as a White House intern for the Kennedy administration
The days of Camelot
My duties included filing, answering forms, delivering documents and pulling the president's lap taffy
It was a very exciting time in my life
I was 19 years old and never knew what would happen from day to day
One day for instance I might be asked to escort highly salassy into the oval office
The next day maybe I'd be asked to zip up Jay Edgar Hoover's floral pattern dress
And of course Paul I'm a presidential lap taffy
I also remember being asked to make president Kennedy comfortable when he finished his daily swim
It was my job to bring him his towel, his flip flops, and then yank down his speedo and pull the lap taffy
But the mood in the White House changed later that year with the Cuban Missile Crisis
During that time president Kennedy didn't think about sex till after nine in the morning
My right forearm began to look like Popeyes
When I had to have my blouse sleeves let out for make room for my taffy puller
I remember one memory very vividly
The president and I were alone in the residence watching Beverly Hillbillies
He was naked from the waist down and was calling the Ellie May as I pulled the lap taffy
For two weeks following that experience, president Kennedy asked if I wear a rope as a belt
It feels so good to finally have the secret out and to let my grandchildren know I was a White House fuchi
At least now they know I grandma's right forearm is so damn freaking massive
One 19 so independent film channel has got right now and of course the Canadian schedule is different from what you get there
But they got a movie that I wasted my time watching last night
Two and a half hour movie and of course you never watch it because it's really a very faggy movie number one
When that's about 90% of it and number two it's a Canadian movie
No night is too long never heard of it
You don't want to hear of it
I mean it was okay and it was about these two college roommates and they were at least we thought they were gay
And they were having an affair and it were lovers and then the one goes off on a cruise and the one falls in love with his woman
And gets into this wild affair with his married woman and she goes back to Vancouver and the end was like
Eh like that at the end I 11 30 last night I said to myself what the dog is I beg your pardon?
We found the dog
You found the dog
Woohoo
Oh my god what a this program has got power like somebody called we haven't actually seen it yet but somebody called
Uh oh
And they're coming by
Are you sure they're bringing it by the station?
No the house somebody
Where do you find the number and what are they posted?
When he'll post us up all over the neighborhood
Where did they find?
I'm sorry I'm having two conversations at once where I'm on the phone
They found him at a nearby convenience store
Oh maybe he was going out for like a snack
He was dumpster diving
He was that going out for late night snack like Carlos
Yeah don't hey listen Nikki don't be none of Carlos's chow
Peter will be starving oh we got all the way to think there's too much bacon in the dumpster
I'll be having dog this week and if that's
We really rush maybe not that one
Oh I mean I listen if I would have kept the urns from my two dogs you could certainly have had some of that
Thank you everyone involved
Yeah thanks to everybody who helped us find George's dog
What a great
Oh oh oh
Yeah
Woo
After all this trauma
Well I'm not going to pop nearly as many pills
Well
We're doing as much sugar
I want to tell you I want to see now that you found the dog
I made myself so sick and amped them because it was such a rotten time in a reindeer
We did eating crap you know
I felt like Peter Clayton I ate so much crap
And I had I see one good thing about getting sick about having something that's not life threatening but that's very a bad
Is that at least if you have it the first time and you survive it when it comes back the next time you're not like oh I'm going to I'm dying over here
You see what I'm saying right so like if you have gourd or you have irritable bowel which of course I have all of these things being fentined diabetic and old
But man I just messed up my kishkis eating all of this sugar and of course what did I eat chocolate and nuts?
What are the first the worst two things you can eat for irritable bowel syndrome chocolate and nuts
Not the kind you're thinking of either believe me
Oh dude I so so the last day Sunday when we left there I always my side was aching and now because I've been on good behavioral week
Now I feel pretty good about like 99%
So this weekend do I dare I can't do it
Now see I put some of the audio from this movie but I know you'll have to dump it
Tell them that I'm sick
I'll do it. It's only one night. Yeah see there you go
Because every other word is after this and I am of course right now they're doing it. He's a hump on him
But I mean you don't want to see this movie no one I just too long I mean the this plot is fine
And he loses the card that I had her address in Vancouver and he goes there and he can't find her and he thinks he's killed his boyfriend
And he turns out that he's still alive and then turns out the boyfriend his sister was the broadie fell in love with
You ready for that? Well thanks for the warning. No you're not gonna watch this movie when you watch it on a bet
There should be a little symbol no night is too long if that's everyone need to pen a film channel by you just to say El Paso
Don't watch it horrible on the American IFC. Yes right now they're showing Barton Fink
Oh and isn't it this weekend I think it's tomorrow night that the Sarazon again Requiem for Dream
There you go the guy that wanted us to take the pool will take huh 1215 a.m. Tonight
Oh tonight at 1215 right after midnight tonight 1215 and a.m. Following American history X so double feature double wanny
So you can watch him you can tape him and then over the weekend at your leisure you can watch your Requiem for Dream
One of the most brilliantly made movies in history
I don't give a flying crap all at anybody says believe me
I've seen a couple of movies in my life I've been around a block once or twice I may not be an expert but let's face it who really is an expert
She's like saying who's an expert on ice cream you know that's stupid. There's no such thing as an expert Roger Ebert is an expert on both
He's an asshole is what he is and a flamer. He's a flaming asshole. You notice that too huh? Oh God he makes me puke
And I don't want again I don't want to you know wish any bad health on anybody
FAAAAMING and that's him what couldn't it have been him instead of the other one that's my point we like Jean Sisko
Jean Sisko was America's kind of guy Roger Ebert she's not anybody's kind of girl and Jean wasn't a suit either he liked just good movie
That's right he had good taste Roger Ebert he's a real suit but of course if there's like any young boys in the movie he likes so you notice that?
Yeah of course I can relate to that well not young boys I mean I got to be like I don't know 16 what's wrong with that what did I say
And that movie kids with I'm not gonna waste my time watching that I got too many important fish to fry this weekend
I have time to watch a bunch of 13 year old punks especially if they're ugly you know and of course 13 year olds I mean see Carlos I think is trying to tell us something
Here's Carl Springs hello pretty good sir you know we've been talking about trying to get rid of W
We just got doing it getting behind our boy Bobby Graham I'm behind the man I love him
People aren't talking about this guy's got the best resume the only guy was a balls and I'm all a Democrat to talk about bush growing up
We got a good story on our website this weekend now that you mentioned that it's called where the hell is it about how Graham is the only
Democrat that's got the balls took me about two hours to find it it'll be up in two seconds what do you mean by that?
None of the searches was pulling it up I found it when you finally found the story like I said it'll be on there
The rest of the guy seemed like they're running scared and Graham is on one step and forward and saying the only two that are really saying anything or how a dean and Bob Graham
They're the only two that are really saying anything at all that's true so people can get these people fired up this guy's been here for like 30 years
Oh here it is Graham leads charge against bush and inquiry others shy from saying president covered up evidence I got it right here it's on our website
I got a second I got a promotion overrated okay how about Colin Farrell this guy's the biggest piece of crap
Colin's feral the guy from our fault that crappy movie phone booth that was just out didn't see it didn't tell me just call that in
No nobody called that in nobody I was told that it don't start hyperventilating just because we find your dog George
Okay open on air pal thanks see ya he's right that that black guy that didn't know how to pronounce it
He said Colin feral feral whatever is no he didn't he said he did you could have been called a pal maybe I didn't hear it
Arles told me no he was talking about Colin Powell that's what he said oh
It's Colin's bowels or something like that is what he said I don't know I see you with Colin feral very overrated
I have no idea who that is if I ever seen him he's made two movies recently and I'm sure you didn't see either one
Oh I feel better now
Unbelievable
Another
Beauty Queen
He is so mean
They won't forget it
There was no
To
I
Do you
It's funny
His due and long dream
And dropping some
But in a prison
There's no girl to drop
Brackum
They didn't make drop in
They're all above him
They're dating Tyson
133-560-WQ
My friend, Tyson, said he's so angry about his rape conviction 11 years ago
Now that he wants to rape his accuser and her mother now, and your mama
In a TV interview sketch of a broadcast last night, somehow I missed that
I saw Richard, it was a lot more entertaining than no night is too long
But anyway, the former heavyweight boxing champion repeated his claim that he was innocent of raping beauty
Page and contestant Desi Rae Washington in 1991 in an Indianapolis hotel room
I just hate her guts, he said she put me in that state
Where I don't know, I really wish I did now, but I really do want to rape her and her mama
If they hadn't bleached him so goddamn much
It actually would have been a pretty slut funny interview
Oh, you saw it? Yeah
Why now would you be watching that?
It came on and the remote was, I don't know, three feet away
Was this before after you lost the dog?
Before
Oh, seeing that's probably why the dog ran away
And you want to know why? Because it was unfox
Tyson was convicted in 1992 with census this year's in prison, sir, three years before being released on parole
He made the comments during interview in Miami, beach, Florida with Fox News anchor, Greta Van Sustorin, the ugly one
Oh, it's speaking of people with bad nose jobs and face job
Oh my god, have you ever seen Suh Herrera on CNBC? No
Ah, ah, I guarantee if you flipped across there and you saw her you'd recognize her, she's been under a long time
She had a nose job and it looks, you know how we have the mo picture on our website, right?
That's what it looks like. It looks like somebody has artificially pasted a groucho nose without the glasses and the mustache on her push
Hey, ah, maybe it's too late now sweetheart. Too late to get the old nose back. I mean she looks like a man
I mean, I thought she was ever great looking to begin. Once she was okay, she was like a human being
Now she looks like a broad with a bad nose job Suh Herrera on the gambling channel
Graham leads charge against Bush and inquiry
US Senator Bob Graham says the Bush administration is fated to release documents regarding the 2001 terrorist attacks as Tana Mont to a cover up
But his democratic presidential rivals aren't so sure or so ballsy
The rest of the democratic field supports releasing more information
But stop short of accusing the administration of trying to conceal lapses that could have prevented the devastating attacks at 9-11
I'm not prepared to reach that conclusion since senator Jew Lieberman of Connecticut
When asked about Graham's charges during a visit to Iowa earlier this week if it goes on much longer
I think we'll all have to ask what are they covering up
Iraq was a distraction from the war on terror Graham said we're less secure and not more secure at Lieber event in Des Moines
The terrorists have regenerated and the president now is attempting to cover up the facts Graham says he wants the Bush administration
Did he classify everything except sensitive national security information contained in a report of the Joaquin Racial Investigation
He helped to lead for more than 10 months the committee looked in detail at the actions of the CIA and the FBI prior to 9-11
To learn what could be done to stop future terrorists to come in the story goes on it will be on our website momentarily is it on there?
It's already on there. It's already on there. There's blowing a blown a boy hard at work. Oh!
He's doing it
5 6 7 0 5 60 we're asking today who is or was the most overrated celebrity of all time
Rosie O'Donnell she is an elite overgrown 65 for you Rosie you silly fat dyke you Michael Jackson 38 just in Tinkerbell 31 no penis
Gloria Steph and in fact I bet you Gloria Steph I'm got a bigger penis than Justin Tinkerbell don't you think?
Let's go me Leo no contest glory as Stefan 29 Elvis and Carson daily tied with 26 now why couldn't Elvis still be alive well
Frank Sinatra and Madonna 22 Bob Hope 19 you know that would that would be an excellent pool I don't know how you do that but
For partners or people who are comparable and one has died another one is alive, you know right like Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis right see what I mean wouldn't it be better if Dean Martin were still well
Although the way Jerry looks lately I don't think it's gonna be Bob Hope 19
Thanks for the memories hey Bob you're you suck Oprah 18 Martha Stewart 18 Mariah Scurry 17 Barbara Streisand I think she's a little bit
Cock-eyed she's got 15 Ricky Martin 13 Larry King 13 Eric Ricky Martin's cock-eyed too share and Jay Leno each have 10 Jerry Seinfeld's got nine I love it
Yeah that's the standard type and smoking in your hash pipe be no boy joke votes Jerry Seinfeld and Will Smith and Anna Colesmith each have nine
Joke votes my ass Freepers Marilyn Monroe 8 and JLo's got seven Doctor Phil and Queen Latifa tie that six
Slice the loans got five Julia Roberts 14 Martin three being Crosby two
Johnny Carson's got a couple already good Bob Newhart two Christina Aguilaric having cost her and David Hasel Hort each have one
Everybody's got at least one that's unusual in it yeah 469 vote that's pretty unusual generally by this time in the show we got some you know that don't have any yet
Now did we leave anybody or how about Colin Farrell I don't see him on there yet I don't see Bono or Puff Diddy on there yet
Not that I want to start getting pushy with Eric because once he starts showing in and God damn breakfast cross sandwiches with bacon and cheese and egg
His cholesterol goes shooting up like a rocket
Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Yeah, just me sounds like me. Okay, buddy listen long time listener first time caller excellent
I want to explain one thing. I sent you a resume of George W yesterday. Did you got it? Get it by chance a resume of George W
Or months around we can get those things over the back to you yesterday afternoon no joke ready three pages. Oh
Yes, if you've seen it if you get a chance to read it please do okay
I'll give you the biggest kick you ever gotten many many moves well I get a lot of kicks. I'll tell you that a good luck to you
But okay, thanks. How thanks? Okay, yeah, how come you didn't fast and it's just a joke so George's dog in case you were like out of the room taking a dump or something
We found George's dog and it's still alive still cute now are you positive? I mean you obviously had we don't have the dog in our hands yet but they've had a conversation the lady saw the wanted poster and
Oh, it was a lady okay, you know some guy might be a wise guy, you know, ladies are gonna usually try by convenience store like two thirty in the morning last night really
And saw the poster today and called and said I know she was hanging out of the dog for you right?
She was holding it she was holding it. I hope she didn't feed it nothing on
Sure one meal of whatever it ain't gonna kill it. What do you think it was doing in the dumpster? The restrictive diet is you know there's things that he can't eat.
No, no, wait a minute. He was in the dumpster. No, that's a joke. Then what's that like you talking about boner boy? I really thought he was in the dumpster. He was teasing.
Oh, no, he knows he nights when it rains. I see your laugh when you sleep under the overpass and nights when it rains like the last the week it's been brutal.
Beaner boy has to hop in the dumpster and close the lid.
And like the canisterno. So there you go. If he would have effect if Nikki would have been the right part of town.
He could have had some company last night old beaner.
What's up?
I'm going to look all this. He's five sixty. What's the matter with you?
You're the only one who's in the dumpster.
You and me.
Be afraid. Be very afraid.
Hello?
Eisner?
Uh, uh, yes?
Mouse. Oh, Mr. Mouse. Good morning. How are you, sir? I'm not good, Eisner.
Oh, you're not feeling well, sir? I'm watching the television. The ABC 50-year reunion special.
Oh, what an amazing special. What a night to remember.
Yeah, a night to remember for you. How many times were you on camera?
Uh, I don't know.
I caught it 75. Oh, what a...
Really? It was all about you. You make well maniac. You've only been with a company out of all ten years or whatever. And you run it into the toilet.
Uh, uh, what did you think of my speech, sir?
I thought it was terrible. You're awful. Why didn't I give the speech?
Well, sir, since I am the president and CEO of the company, I thought of...
You're an idiot.
Well, we did have some major talent. I mean, we had John Travolta, Tim Allen.
Oh, Tim Allen.
Uh, uh, uh, please.
Hold on, sir.
Stop that for a second. Stop that for a second.
Who was that?
Uh, no, no one. It's just the help you were saying about Tim Allen?
That that are not the remus.
No, no, no, no, no. I didn't.
We called him sick today.
Oh, that's...
I got paper work up to my big ears.
It's Remus, isn't it?
Put him on.
No, no, sir. So you were saying Tim Allen, what up?
I am on. Is that Remus?
Yes, it is, sir.
Put him on the phone.
Remus, remus, remus, remus, stop that for a second.
No, uh, uh.
What'd you say?
Hello.
What do you call him?
What do you mean who's this?
How you doing, boss?
Did I get to hear you call either boss? Who's your boss?
Who's your boss?
You're my boss.
I'm your boss.
You're my boss.
Remus? Yeah?
Why aren't you here today? You called him sick.
I picked him last time.
You know, like, Simpwitz does on the army.
Why PD Blue?
Last time.
You work here, Remus.
I've done tons of things for you.
I paid for your rehab, didn't I?
I'm a meaner to talk to you about that, boss.
Got you off the quirk, Remus.
I need a little refresher, boss.
I'll tell you what, Remus.
I'm almost done here, boss.
What are you doing over there?
What an egoozier.
Hodgeocuzier.
It's a view, boss.
Put the McWarmaniac on.
Hold on.
Are you with me?
It's Sir.
Ah, Jocuzier.
Well, it's been very stressful these days.
You know, with the false schedule and everything getting ready,
I've been very stressed.
You don't need a Jocuzier in your office.
You're terrible.
What stress?
Remus, Remus, Remus.
How do we have Tim Allen?
Well, Tim Allen, a major star for the company.
A major star.
He hasn't even had a show for years.
I mean, Shar, first of all, it was funny in all the neighborhood of the fans.
And you couldn't see a space.
And Tim Allen made you all with food.
The chronic noises, but come on.
Well, he is Santa Claus.
I mean, two hits Santa Claus movie.
I'm firing.
What?
Fire him.
Fire him.
Fire him.
Fire him.
I'm trying to say it's a fire.
But I can't speak.
Fire him.
Tell Remus, it's over.
I'm talking to him.
Good.
Tell him I'm talking to him.
Remus, Mr. Mouse is docking you.
He's booding.
I'm no doctor.
I can't even read.
Not doctor.
It's docking.
Forget it.
Bunch of losers.
What a wonderful day.
We found George's dog.
Oh!
He made some nice lady, did that.
That's a good news.
Okay.
We accomplished something really productive today.
All we had nothing to do with it.
Apparently.
If she saw your thing, the post I wanted your orange posters, I had a little piece of advice
for you.
I don't want to be a bathe in your dog and letting it out without its collar and tag on it.
Just a little piece of advice.
And don't have any slivers or cracks in your fence.
Well, I mean, that's never going to be perfect.
Little dogs always find some devious way.
But at least know that you got the collar and the tag on it in the future.
Just a little piece of advice.
Yeah.
Good plan.
Here's four.
Here's four.
Four-letteredale.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Not the tag on the whole wrecking with a dream thing.
Yeah.
Have you seen the movie Rules of Attraction?
No.
You haven't seen it?
No.
You're going to check it out.
It's got like a whole bunch of those pretty boy, those guys from 7th Heaven and all these people.
Oh, right.
And they play these like scooter rules.
It's like, I don't know how to explain it.
It's like five different stories at all compared to one.
It's really messed up.
Oh, right.
Okay, I'm going to go out and get it today.
Awesome.
I like how you kind of flick.
Thanks, pal.
Thanks.
Rules of attraction.
Now you've seen it?
I saw a part of it.
It did have good looking people in it.
Well, there you go.
It's not kind of what we like I said, even if they have their clothes on.
Let's take a call from, what is it?
Davy.
Hello.
Wayne Newton.
He's on air.
At least he's supposed to be on air, but now that you mention it.
He should be number one.
He's most overrated.
Thank you.
And Mickey Rock.
Most underrated.
Okay.
Thank you.
That was Mickey.
No, seriously, Mickey Wayne Newton never got on there.
We, somebody called him in.
Thank you.
Profusely.
This last caller, whoever, whatever you are.
I have, I wrote it down.
It's right here.
I wrote it down.
We all wrote it down.
It's up to course for certain people.
He was right after Oprah was Wayne Newton on my list, right between Oprah and David Hasselhoff,
between a rock and a hard place.
Oh, he's got the hard edge.
He got the whole weekend.
Yeah, he got the whole weekend of catch up.
But Wayne Newton certainly ought to be on air, although the Humphers says that he puts on a hell of a show in Vegas.
I don't know what he's talking about when he says that.
I mean, he's called Dancing, huh?
Maybe him, him or saw a different show.
What does that mean?
Like a private show.
Yeah, I guess that was a favor, okay, because I'm going to say it's getting close to lunchtime for me.
I've eaten nothing all day.
I've worked up a really healthy appetite as a growing old man, and you're talking about
anything will would wait Newton beneath the neck.
Makes me want to puke.
Here's a lady in plantation.
Hello.
Hi.
Yes, man.
I'm really nervous.
I'm really nervous, please.
Those of us congratulations to George for finding his dog.
Right.
And down to questions for you.
Do you have this list of movies posted on your website anywhere?
You know, I'm glad you mentioned that because we were supposed to do that before one of
a occasion when I came back.
I noticed that it's conspicuously missing.
Our website is great, but they never made it on there.
Right, right.
And it seems every caller keeps talking about the same 10 movies over and over again.
Right.
You know, I mean, let's have some new recommendations.
I think everything you guys talk about.
We got rules of attraction.
Have you seen that?
No, I have not seen that one.
There's one we got to check out this weekend.
Yes, yes, definitely.
And to say you know, regarding the movie Kids, if you saw the movie Bowley,
the guy who played the gangster, the one who knew all about how to commit the murder and everything,
he plays one of the roles in Kids.
Kids is not a real documentary.
It's all actors.
Right.
So he plays what's his name, Telly, one of the most kids in Kids.
I hated Bowley.
I mean, it was the biggest waste of time of my life.
It was just awful.
It was like Kitty porn, wasn't it?
I mean, no, it was just crap.
It was just gratuitous violence.
And the acting was awful.
It was just, there was no point to it, even though it was a true story.
And supposedly the hook that we were supposed to be excited about,
it was it happened in Florida.
You know, it happened in, where was it in Weston?
In Hollywood.
It happened before it, Weston existed.
So that's the funny thing.
How do you like that?
Yeah, how do you like that?
It's probably what they changed, probably what they changed the name of that part of it.
Rules of attraction.
Okay, thanks.
We learned.
Bye.
I forgot to ask you if you saw a record for a dream.
Don't forget we're going to be taking a mini pool before our regular pool on Monday.
I mean, that's not going to qualify as a regular pool for a whole day,
because they're just starting off people who've seen it.
12, 15 night.
Right after midnight tonight on the IFC independent film channel.
Why are they so reluctant?
Why?
I mean, they can tape it.
They can tape it.
Please, do yourself a favor.
We're begging you.
You'll love it.
Here's Coke and a Cree.
Hello.
Hi, how can you have this pool without Carol Channing?
Carol Channing?
I mean, Carol Channing?
Overrated celebrity.
And, and then while we're talking about actresses, a close second,
the queen of post-nasal drip, murals, creeps.
She only does one axis nibbles.
Okay.
I like Carol Channing better.
I'll give you Carol Channing.
How's that?
Good.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah, get Carol Channing on there.
Oh, she does have a nice hairdo.
What is she about?
150 something like that?
Wow.
Yeah, she, you know, in fact, it's interesting he should mention that,
because she's got the real shrill sound, you know?
Yeah.
You see, now you're going to have you ever seen Carol Channing with...
Huh?
I think this guy just uncovered a yes.
He's a secret of QAM.
Scott Farrell is, uh, Carol Channing.
How do you like that?
You're a slut.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Or at least he knows Carol Channing.
She's a liar.
Anyway, Rosie is just running away.
She is a, she's smothering the pack, so to speak.
And that's another disgusting thought right a lunchtime.
Rosie's got 70 votes.
Michael Jackson 39, Justin Tinkerbell 34.
Maybe that's a good pull for money.
Who would you least like to have sit on your face?
What are they doing along?
We're supporting O5 City, QAM.
Esther.
Rosie, your down on.
Can't believe she's gay.
A big phantom, the W and the A.
Rosie, your down on.
It must be your room.
For all of these years you claim to love time cruise.
Certainly you must realize we knew it.
Honestly, it's not that big a shock.
If you and Ricky Martin were to do it.
It'd be a crock for Baltimore.
Rosie, your down home.
Give up all the lies.
Now I hope Nathan Lane and Missy like guys.
I'm going to go back.
Hey, don't forget to set up in 3-5.
Go buy and congratulate George on finding his little dog.
I'll show you a picture.
3-5 this afternoon, a four-law to deal Harley.
On Federal Highway, just south of Oakland.
Stop by to win Marlon Red's tickets.
And free food from Atlantic City Sub.
And a mad dog is next and Hank gets four.
Bye-bye-bye.
The adventure will be the Roger Show on Climax.
Until you QA have the plan for Marlon Red's.
Watch them out.
