Have a nice weekend everybody. Good morning Neil.
Morning Scott.
You know, I pick it on them for a pitiful priest again.
Yeah, next week I'm going to do the Jews and Catholics.
Good. I mean the Puerto Ricans. I mean the Cuba. I mean the...
Anyway, how's the worst on those pitiful Hossita, man?
I have a way. Happy New Year. Happy June, a Jew.
Yeah, thank you very much, Neil. And you know, I'm actually...
I have Billy the Milen in here today. We were doing a national story for tomorrow's
Joe Buck, Tim MacCarber, broadcast and they told me that it was going to be 15 seconds.
Yeah. That's better than Merlin. Well, that's all you get.
You see, don't got to hit four home runs last night up there.
That's what I did see there. I know it's eight people were there to see it at the Skydome.
Yeah, I was not one of them.
I did my gig in the pouring rain here.
I was pouring it tomorrow. I was getting out of the misery.
32,000 people, oh nice going guys.
They went from 25 to 28 and then I had a party. There was 32.
And that's stupid ass to Jim Sarny, man. What a...
What a quizzling here. He said that I'm fabulous.
No, he did suck your ass, but about the...
Oh, the sports talk host dripping their crowd.
Well, of course we ripped him.
And this business about wildly,
television ratings were so great.
Yeah, so that's for free.
That doesn't mean supporting your team is sitting on your fat ass watching it on TV.
Yeah, we'll see it.
It's Sarny. Of course, he should know about a fat ass.
Do you know what I say?
Scott Forels just a jam minute on sports jam is a must-see minute every Monday night.
Well, the funny thing is, is that, you know, no one goes to the games as you've been right all along.
Here's the thing that I wonder.
Today the playoffs tickets go on sale at 10.
I guarantee you they'll have no bigger crowds for the two-play-up games.
They might have 10,000 more people.
I bet they don't even top 40.
Do you really believe that?
They won't top 40.
You don't think they'll sell them out?
No.
It's like Pittsburgh, man. No one cares.
People in Pittsburgh are trying to get a job because in George Bush,
no one has a job and you don't go to baseball games when you're broke.
Yeah, but what about my rank Hope? He's got his job.
I think he works for the Catholic priest that chases little altar boys, right?
A little birdie told me.
Don't be knocking his a lot of Catholics in Pittsburgh and in St. Louis, man.
There's another McCatler's.
No Jews, a lot of St. Louis and all the Catholics.
Yeah.
He's talking about a miserable town.
It's 110 all summer and then they get nine months of snow.
Yeah, they got almost as many spurs as in St. Louis's in Atlanta.
You can go back.
And it's still trying to sell people in that stupid arch.
And then money, Mr. Cippy Christ, if you drank out of that, you'd be dead and fired.
No miserable hole. Look what he did to Jack Buck.
I knew they should combine Kansas City and St. Louis and make
one real town instead of two little ones.
How about Miami and Jacksonville sounds good.
Jacksonville's a whore.
Everything in between.
And then everything in between is my whore.
And Tampa.
So what was this about now?
Who is it that's got the stinky hole?
I think Howard's wife.
Was it through?
Was it Doreen or Phyllis?
Oh, he said Doreen.
He said Doreen's fat and she covers her body with a rank code.
And I said, well, what's the difference between that and Phyllis's hole?
I think he gave us a good hole.
I mean, pole idea for next week.
I'm sorry.
Who's got the stinkiest hole?
It's just a gay one Howard talks bad about us all day
on the air or behind our backs.
So I'm just meaner.
Next week I'm going to do a feature on the honor.
Close new personal best friend, Moa Howard, David,
is that what you're doing?
You have no friends.
You hate everybody.
Anyone that comes near you.
He was sucking my ass this morning.
Many said he's going to take me to the zoo.
He doesn't realize they won't let him into the zoo.
Yeah, because he likes to blow pandas.
Tony Forantino is the new thing.
Weezy might not want to leave.
TV, the heat hire Tony Forantino, you know him?
Can you see Moa with the zoo with that thing on his head?
I can see Barbara.
I think creature in there would be like
co-zing up to whatever that thing is.
I heard Moa like that sex with kangaroos.
Yeah.
I'd like to see that.
I'd like to see him hoppin on it.
I know he downloads porn in here on Q&A's time.
Yeah.
You see a Robert Palmer died.
Oh, that's simply irresistible.
He was addicted, man.
I think he was just like the guy that died last week.
That actor from eight simple roles for doing my daughter in the ass.
Yeah.
John Ritter, they're both too young to die.
It was Palmer.
What was he asking today, man?
You really must be getting ready for a big rectum weekend.
I haven't had a cable this morning.
And you know, I like to sit on cable beach.
Hey, Mike, the autoplayed first base last night.
Yeah.
Your buddy Bob Murphy, they had a setback.
He was in that form with 10,000 faces.
Did he hit a lion drive?
Did he hit a lion drive for Bob Murphy to call?
Bob Murphy's a crack.
Bob Murphy's a man.
Awful, just horrible.
And I also noticed that your buddy Jim Sarni,
that Ritterty, what's his name?
What's his name?
What's his name?
They've been boring.
Hey, listen, Ash.
Yeah, we've already done him.
How about Monday?
Miami, Harold, they're doing a feature on yours truly.
You'll enjoy that piece.
Well, you're all over the place, man.
You're like cancer.
You're everywhere.
All I'm trying to do is help the neo-rodger show get bigger.
I'm just here to help the real show tend to do.
I'm just a pre-lim.
I'm like a warm-up.
I'm like a wet dream.
I'm glad you understand that.
Good.
Thank you very much.
Have a nice weekend.
Now we can move forward.
Have a weekend, Scott.
Even though I got a free car and a free house.
Can I have your car, bet?
Did you get a car?
Yeah, I got the car deal from I'm
trying to head of homestead.
You got to drive an extra hour, but I get you a blowjob
and 1,500 off your first car.
If you go down here and get some pestilence.
I got a free car and Moe's jealous,
because he got one in eight months.
I got one in four.
Now I'm going to get a Pharrellacopter and a yacht.
I'm going to put five sys into the side of it.
I'm going to lay Dureen nude on the ballot.
Yeah, but when you're going to get your muskrat?
When Phyllis stops smelling.
Got a long way, baby.
See ya.
Why are you wasting your teeth?
I hate it, Daddy.
Daddy, you suck me.
My short, daddy.
Idiot.
Daddy, you're a loser.
I went back home in my pants.
I think Mommy cheats on you.
Well, but it's like his ears.
I should bet time pray.
Just take a little white cloud.
All over the river.
Why is the mailman always here?
Oh, it's all that I've done wrong.
I must have done something wrong.
Daddy, why don't you get a job?
To deserve all, give it more.
And but it's like his ears at night.
Daddy, you smell like deer.
I'm dropping out of high school.
Daddy, I'm pregnant.
I don't know who the father is.
And make a ribbon's anchor.
I have to turn tricks for cash.
I drove the car into a tree.
Can you just send me some cigarettes?
Hey, how about a toast for the bride and groom?
Dad, I'm getting married again.
And I'll give her away.
Dad, that's my ass.
I think I have sickle.
Hey, Pop, we're moving in.
I'm looking the more.
And butterfly kisser.
Dad, I have snooze.
I'm a lesbian.
All right.
Hey, that's in.
See, if we played that long enough, I knew soon we'd leave that would be.
And that was Bob Request's matter.
In fact, it says, good morning, Neil and George.
I've turned on my coworker to your polls.
I don't get that.
How about to our show?
And that's right, our show is nothing but a bunch of polls.
Now, which is fine.
And today's your last day here.
She has not heard butterfly kisses.
So not over leaving.
Could you please play this morning?
Thank you, and it's signed with like, is that,
does that say Mike?
Mark something like that.
Mitch, some some goofball.
So there you go, uh, goofball.
I like to charge.
Yesterday we asked, let's get that first poll up right away.
I got the results from yesterday.
So Eric, if you want to put it up, because I know you're very busy man today,
even busier than Don Corleone.
So you just popped that baby up there and you can like go and do yourself.
Do whatever you're doing.
Do your lovely wife for the next hour.
Because the appra-
Did you see in the presidential debate yesterday?
I thought none of it.
I thought you said you perused a couple minutes of it.
No, not me.
I saw a few seconds.
I like afterwards.
A few seconds.
I thought third man.
It was, uh, it was pretty.
See, the sad part about that whole thing is that every time I see one of those,
the people who make the most sense and are the most impressive
are either people I can't stand like Elle Sharpton or people who have no chance
like Dennis Gassinich, who both were outstanding.
But they have no chance.
Bob Graham was, you know, in his usual boring way,
but he was very good but has no chance.
Right.
Anyway, if the presidential election was held today with these candidates,
who do you vote for?
And we did, uh, I don't, I didn't save the one from yesterday with the Wesley Clarke
who just kicked ass.
Yet about 70%.
Right.
Maybe Eric will fact-
They were like email me the result from yesterday.
So I have it.
Because Ted Kennedy beat the pants up Bush on Wednesday.
Then yesterday, Wesley Clarke just absolutely just stung him big time.
And now today we're going to do Howard Dean against George W. Will Paramount.
If you like some word today, who'd you vote for with these candidates?
Howard Dean,
George W. Bush or I wouldn't vote.
That's the first poll today.
Got it?
Got it.
Yes.
Okay, good.
Oh, here's the facts that says.
Remind the audience that chicken-hawk Rush Limbaugh's a draft Dodger.
Hey, audience, chicken-hawk Rush Limbaugh's a draft Dodger.
His excuse was a sist on his butt, it said.
Correct him.
You can read all about it.
If you Google draft Rush Limbaugh,
regards E. Dennis, PS love the show.
Thank you, E.
That was that Eddie Dennis or maybe Ken to George Dennis it.
Go over down.
I know it's Dennis, it wasn't.
And herrington raceway.
Anyway, here's the results from yesterday's poll.
This was a marginally interesting.
I thought it was what's your biggest gross out?
We asked what just turns you off and makes you want to puke your guts out.
Body odor 285.
Can't stand it.
Bad breath, 126.
And I'll say it again to people with the worst breath of the ones that always
when they talk to you want to get up real close.
I think they know they have bad breath.
That smells even worse than Phyllis's whole.
Now what did Scott say?
He said, uh,
most wife has the stinkiest hole in focus.
How would he say?
What?
Bad breath, 126.
Jelly rolls of fat.
Oh, I love the way I worded that.
I'm so proud of myself for that.
Jelly rolls of fat.
Let me just grab mine right now.
I'll have to roll it around.
Oh man.
Jelly rolls of fat 122.
Disgusting.
Turns in the tank 84.
Bad teeth 79.
Women with hairy pits 50.
Dirty plus 49.
French.
Or are you talking about early?
I wonder how high Phyllis is going.
And what was the upshot that deal with Dorene this morning?
Do we know why Moe was ripping Dorene and asked?
Because he was your suck in mind.
Yeah, I don't know.
Maybe Scott those.
Scott was researching it.
Yeah.
Scott.
And it's still it's yet to be determined.
It's yet to be determined.
Okay, TBA.
I'm advice of my lawyer.
Dirty plus 49.
French-Gadadians 47.
Frogs.
Zits 34.
Ugly feet 30.
Nasty rotten grotesque Martian looking feet.
We're like here on the lot of here on the big toe and things like that.
Body slash face piercing 29.
General warts 28.
Tattoo's 26.
We're talking about not your ordinary pedestrian like little tattoos.
Is I love Mary or Harry?
Jailhouse or Halle Berry.
But we're talking about people just covered with grotesque tattoos.
Walking ink.
26.
Walking.
Bad wig 18.
Absolutely.
Gross.
Men in speedos 16.
Harry people 13.
Like Harry Reams and Ron Jeremy.
Those are the two Harrys that I can think of.
Robin Williams.
Is he really Harry?
Oh, incredible.
I never looked that close.
I don't want to see it.
You can't imagine.
I'm in city like that.
On those pickers 9.
Snot 7.
Some people think it's appealing, but it's not.
Red hair 7.
That I'm surprised only 7.
See, I feel like so left out.
But that's typical for me.
Ugly nose 3.
Well, that was yours, right?
Right.
I beat you.
That's right.
Loppy clothes and ugly nose each had 3.
Dandruff 3 and man breast.
Big man breasts.
Guys with big teeth.
Especially though, walking around on the beach.
It's the only got a pair.
So Joe Rose, who was lamenting a couple weeks ago in a station.
That, you know, because he used to work out like crazy.
Right.
And now he's got big.
I'm feeling good.
Good.
The big humongous breasts.
Like a woman.
I wonder he and man, dog are so tight.
Anyway, so that's yesterday's pull.
We got that first one.
Is it up there?
It's up there right now.
I'm voting for Howard Dean over and over and over again.
He had the, you know, they give me they all zeroing in on him.
You want to know why?
Because he's the leader.
Right.
So they all zeroed in on him and ganged up on his ass.
And he's got 27 votes out of the first 34.
But that was fast.
Why?
Holy, that thing just went up on her to 34 votes already.
He's got 27 of them and W's only got four.
Nice going.
Howard Dean.
That's my man.
But I sure hope Wesley Clark doesn't.
I mean, if Wesley Clark gets it, no problem.
Okay.
Well, go step right behind him.
We'll march right along.
But Howard Dean's the man.
He's got a big pair.
He's not one of these wafflers one day saying one thing.
He's forward.
He's again at the, he didn't mean that.
That's why they will pick him.
Oh, 10th, 14 at 560 WQM.
It's the 2003 Neil Rogers blowout sale continuing.
It's in progress.
And how about a XEMC?
Get yourself the lowest prices in town
from the good folks over there,
including my close personal buddy Tom Layman and Joe Prieto.
Neil deal number one.
Save up the seven grand with the highest rebate of the year.
Plus get deep, deep down into your pants discounts
and all remaining 2003 models, including the UConn of the OnVoy
XL.
Neil deal number O dose.
Get 0% financing for up to five years.
Listen to this.
You can lease a fully loaded 2004 grand pre GT fully loaded.
I know some people like that.
A 2004 grand pre GT for only $250 a month for 36 months
with 12,000 miles a year and just $2,500 out of pocket.
Tom and Joe invites you to test drive any vehicle on the line
to get yourself two tickets to the Thursday,
October 2nd, Mommy Huracun's West Virginia game.
That's next Thursday.
Hurray and the supplies are limited and times run on it as well.
And of course, as you always know,
how much got the best selection in town
of certified pre-owned cars, trucks, SUVs.
You've got to be certified if you shop for a car any play sales.
Certified crazy.
And if your credit is a little on a marginal side
if you used to hang out with Jeff DeForest,
no problem because at hell if they want to
cut you a deal, they'll work with you.
It's the big gigantic, unbeatable 2003 blowout sale
when in doubt they're blowing it out at hell
at Pontiac GMC 13401 South Dixie Highway
that's US 1 across from the falls open every day,
seven days a week.
If you want more info on these spectacular amazing deals
that are happening right now call the Neil Deal Hotline
toll free.
It's 1-885-3440-211.
That's 1-885-3440-211.
Don't forget these Neil Deals.
Subdicted credit, a provolacy to folks at hell at four details.
That's at hell at Pontiac GMC
who are definitely professional grades.
Line in local line.
Here's sports video 560s.
You ain't.
You AM.
Good, Drudge Packin.
Thank you.
Brew up with them both.
And now Antler Records proudly presents
the greatest hits of Simon and Bullwinkle.
We have you gone for this day enough.
Natasha Tories don't need me without you.
Yes, Simon and Bullwinkle.
Woo-woo-woo.
Recorded live in Central Park and Frost by Falls.
The music of Halls Simon, the lyrics of Mr. Goet Hall.
I'm singing on this radio station
but I'm nothing more than animation.
You know, you do mention it all.
Nim-moo.
Simon and Bullwinkle's greatest hits.
I am a Moose.
I am a Man.
Moose.
Yes, it is Paul, but it's not art.
And Rock steals the fame.
Cause Moose is never flying.
Unfortunately.
Simon and Bullwinkle's greatest hits.
Now, man, well, Mr. T-Botties, records and hits.
10.19.
I love it.
I'm just obsessed with Bullwinkle.
I think I'm going through my second childhood.
I just love it.
He's great.
Anybody don't like Bullwinkle as an asshole?
Come here.
Come here.
Come here, Pinko.
Gotta be deported immediately if not sooner.
74 votes on air already.
If the election were right now, who'd you vote for?
Howard Dean 57.
I wouldn't vote 10.
George W. Bush only seven.
Oh, man.
Eric, you're the best man.
Eric immediately emailed me the result from yesterday's poll.
Although I don't have the percentages.
You can do it.
Oh, I could do it, but I'm not going to do it that quick.
Cause it's not an even number.
Anyway, 280 votes yesterday.
Well, on Wednesday, 10 Kennedy got 52.3%.
Wouldn't vote 24.4% in George W.
23.2% out of 266 votes.
Yesterday, we wound up with 280 votes.
Wesley Clark 195.
George W. 45 wouldn't vote 40.
So Wesley Clark did considerably better than Tetti.
But then again, Wesley Clark didn't kill anybody.
Well, not by accident anyway.
And today, so far out of the first 74 votes,
Howard Dean's got 57.77%
wouldn't vote 13.5%
and George W.
is measly seven votes representally 9.4%.
Here's the fact that says,
besides Robert Palmer dying,
here are a couple of other famous names.
A member of Lee Marvin's Dirty Dozen.
Tom Busby, Canadian actor best known for his role as Milo
Volatic in the Dirty Dozen who also appeared on Canadian TV.
And it films like The War Love and Heavenly Pursuits.
That of a heart attack September 20th in Glasgow,
Scotland, age 67.
Remember him?
No.
I remember Jim Busby used to play center field for the Washington Senators.
I remember Ruth Busby.
And Bernard Manacevitz.
Oh, no.
Oh my God, not era of Russia Sharma.
Really?
Not the Manacevitz.
Bernard Manacevitz,
president and owner of the kosher foods company,
the Manacevitz.
All we can say is,
which was founded by his grandpa in 1988 and is known for its wine and matsu,
and who became the last generation to own a company as he sold the investors in 1991.
That's September 20th of a heart disease in Verona, New Jersey, age 89.
And it says,
Vey is what it says here.
Oi Vey.
Oi Vey, he's dead today.
Wow, they're dropper-like flies, man.
Just watch it.
Everybody be extra careful these days.
We don't want you to get nervous or anything like that.
But they're droppin' like flies.
So Robert Palmer's dead out of a heart attack.
Yeah, or is it in Paris?
Oh no, wonder.
Yeah, probably it's some of that heavy French food.
Don't you think?
At least.
Or maybe somebody sent him a...
picture of Phyllis's...
hole.
Rocks singer Robert Palmer, known for his sharp suits and his hits include
including a dictated love, died Friday, and Paris have a heart attack.
His manager said he was 54.
Nobody didn't like Robert Palmer.
I mean, not everybody thought he was all that great, but I mean nobody didn't like him.
Just fine.
Yeah, he was fine.
Palmer was on a tube day break in Paris following a television recording session
in Britain, his manager, Mick Carter said from the French Capitol.
In the 1980s Palmer became a superstar with singles which also included simply irresistible,
accompanied by slick videos featuring these smartly dressed Palmer with a backup band
of attractive women all in black outfits and glossy makeup.
A side project, power station formed in 85 with John Taylor and Andy Taylor of the 80s super
group Durand Durand score three West Top 10 hits including communication and get it on.
The son of a British naval officer, Palmer was a member of several British rock bands before he
hit the big times in the solar artist.
He lived in Switzerland the past 16 years.
I'll be them, Spites.
I had no idea.
What do you like better?
Spites or Schwarz?
Known for his GQ sense of style, Palmer was named best-dressed maelartist by Rolling Stone in 1990.
The addicted to love video, with its mini-scrated model strumming guitars as Palmer
said, became one of MTV's most played clips and sparked protests from some feminists.
Well, screw them, okay?
You nasty, smarty bitches with your smelly hole.
God, that's pathetic.
Well, well, what's the big deal with that?
Oh, is that not going to, huh?
It was success, don't you know?
I'm not going to attach inappropriate significance to it because at the time it had been nothing
it just happened to become an iconic look, Palmer once said of the video.
He had his first hit album in single Sneak and Sally through the alley in 1974.
What was it doing, Sally and the alley?
Yeah, the back alley.
In his 20s, Palmer worked with a number of small-time bands including Dada,
Vinegar Joe and the Ellen Bone Band, Bound, B-O-W-N, how do you say that, Bound?
Sure, what a bone.
Occasionally appearing in opening acts for big draws including the Who and Jimmy Hendrix.
Palmer once confessed he wasn't attracted to the excesses of Rock and Roll's Stardom.
I love the music but the excesses of Rock and Roll never really appealed to me at all.
He said I couldn't see the point of getting up in front of all the people when you weren't
in control of your wits.
He was noted for dressing up and being somewhat restrained.
I don't want to be heavy.
He said an interview with the Rolling Stone magazine.
I don't want to be heavy.
He's not heavy.
I don't either.
He's my brother.
I can't think of another that was, who did that?
He said who did that?
The Hollies.
Very good.
That was excellent.
It was the Hollies.
I was just thinking of the yellow label.
That's sad.
I don't know.
I was just out of thinking of the yellow label on the 45.
I can't think of another attitude to have an audience than a hopeful and positive one.
He said that that includes such unfashionable things as sentimentality.
Well, I can afford it.
Said the late Robert Palmer, who's dead.
Damn it.
The good people are the dead people.
The bastards that live forever, you know?
Yeah.
They just live on.
And I'm just like my father.
They live till 90 miserable, rotten, bastard.
Cold as ice.
Right.
Oh, speaking of foreigner.
Yeah, we'll get to the main pull of the day, other than the Beatles of the Stones,
who's your all-time favorite rock group.
Now, that was inspired.
What inspired me to that?
Yeah, somebody said something.
Oh.
Oh, it was about the foreigner thing,
though, that call we had and I could understand what the guy was saying.
That's right.
Because he was a foreigner.
A foreigner.
Well, like everybody in South Florida, if you're not a foreigner, you ain't Schmidt.
Do my suceasing those bumpers, do you mean a foreigner?
You ain't Schmidt.
Anyway, I got a short list of six here.
So far, Aerosmith, foreigner, EL.
Oh!
Doors, beatboys, and the Eagles.
Am I shortlist so far?
I added the cars.
You added the cars?
God, I love ELO.
They're not my favorite, as you know.
I like it too.
I don't want to admit that.
Yeah, dirt question too, but it's not manly to make it.
All that false set of stuff.
Man, look at that.
Look at that, you have to beat boy.
Are you ready?
Yeah.
I think he said he did Sally in the alley.
A lot of people do in Sally in the alley.
So anyway, what was that about Phyllis's whole?
Would you say after Beach Boys?
I said Eagles and the Cars.
Okay.
Aerosmith, foreigner, ELO.
And this point won't go up for a while.
Okay.
Meantime, the votes are pouring in on a presidential poll.
They're pouring, man.
110 votes and Howard Deans got 84 of them.
76.3%.
W's got 13.
I wouldn't vote 13.
11.8% for each side by each.
Here's the fact that since I have a field good story
about Ed Kaplan last night,
well, that's good, but let me do the break first.
And we'll hear the field.
We'd like a field good story.
Don't we?
1027 at 560 WQM.
Happy Friday.
Nice going, Marlon's baby.
Nice going, South Florida.
Almost 32,000 in the rain.
About time.
Despite what Jim Sarni says,
making excuses.
People watching free on TV.
Anybody can do that, Sarni.
You tub a crap.
Hey, you want to plunge on a game this weekend
or any other time?
VIPsportsbook.com or to people you can trust.
These are the people you ought to be doing business with
because they're the needle-ends oldest and largest sportsbook
that's Netherlands, Holland, Amsterdam.
You know, generally like,
yeah, right there in the, uh, whatever that places.
What is it?
The North Sea.
Anyway, 99% of those other bookies you keep here
and about are located in the jungles of some 85th world country
you'll be lucky to ever see your money again.
So move up a class this year and do business
with people you can trust.
You can count on VIPsportsbook.com
to make a long story short.
Their South Florida's best.
Sign up now.
You can bet all the South Florida basketball
and football teams do free all year long.
You want to bet on the dolphins?
Well, good luck here.
It's 100 to 100.
You want to bet on the Huracans
when they're playing on the little girls blind team.
It's 100 to 100.
So forget about the vigorous.
All South-Obs get a 20% cash bonus.
Not some funny money screwed up match play
Fony Bologna bonus.
A real legitimate honest to God.
20% cash bonus.
VIPsportsbook.com
that's where you look for them online
or call them toll free and be sure
much you know heard about it here
on gambling obsessive QAM 1-866 VIP bets.
That's 1-866 VIP bets.
VIPsportsbook.com where you do be the VIP.
I'm Rhyme and Loco.
This is Sports Radio 560.
You're way to A-M.
you
here.
Things in my right hand
And I quit
People stop and stare when we are near
Huh?
Almost we are
We're just living life
The way we want to
It's come up, yeah
And that is all
What people say about nasty, nasty things they do
It's come up, yeah
And that is all
It's just something they
They can't approve
Flaming scream is dressed up all in drag
It's so sad
They're the ones that make us all the bad
Also bad
We're just living life
The way we want to
It's come up, yeah
And that is all
If what they say those nasty things they do
It's because I'm gay
And that is all
But it could be so hard
Inside you
Oh yeah, so so hard
Inside you
Inside
Woooo!
Oh
1033 at 560 WQ 147 votes already and I'd presidential pool Howard Dean's kick and ass baby. I
Scrappulated from yesterday. It looked like
West Lake Tharga had 69 percent. I know I did not make that number up 69 percent George W. had 14
That's not right though
Because 40 well whatever the hell he had he had 69 percent is right whatever Bush had a little more than that anyway today
Howard Dean's got 107 of the first 147 votes at 72.7 percent
He's doing the best of the three so far even better than General Clark who never killed anybody
George W. has got 22 14.9 percent. I wouldn't vote 18 12.2 percent. Well, what about those? I wouldn't vote people. What are they waiting for?
You know
Almost seriously every day. It's like there's a whole bunch of those. I mean not a gigantic number
But what are they waiting for oh, I know
They're waiting for me to run maybe they're waiting for Jewish New Year. That could be it
Maybe they're waiting for rush Hoshana and
Bernie Manor Shavitz to bring over the wine try the wine
Here's a stuttering Gila and homestead has a very nice a feel good facts nice going kill
I have a feel good story about Ed Kaplan less than I won four tickets from Hank Goldberg
But I had to be there before 630 p.m. Living with the cows and homestead made it almost impossible to be there on time
I showed up at your station at 7 p.m. The orifice was closed
But Ed Kaplan answered they knock at the studio door
I told him I won some tickets from Hank but since I live in our way wasn't able to make it on time
But mr. Kaplan looked around a studio found my tickets
By the way, thanks to him offer is $250 check for a band of pay rescue thanks to
It's just thanks to Hank mr. Kaplan and WQM
I was able to take my center was first baseball game last night
Thanks WQM's a stuttering Gila and homestead nice going gila and nice choice to last night
Marlon's beating the Phillies eight to four I didn't I tell for all they were gonna sweep that series the other day Scott
Yes, you did nobody believed me. I said I could have beaten smell of man especially at home
They're on fire at home. You can smell it. You can feel it whether you're a fan or not whether you like want to be a
Pop hop on a parade you want a piano parade makes no difference. You can smell it all the way up here
Including those four home runs by Carlos Delgado last night in the Skydome how about he cares about what he said?
How about that nobody cares about it because I it's you know it's a meaningless game
I mean it was a great accomplishment. It was great feat. He would judge that he like Carlos feet who Carlos remember him
161 votes and Howard Deans got nearly 73% so far he demand Howard Dean
W's a has been he's gonna get kicked by Howard Dean you'll see
Of course the establishment months Wesley Clark because he's you know he's more malleable. Do you know what I mean? No
Here's a call from Hialeah. Hello. Why are you so miserable?
Here's for a lot of day. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Thank you. How you doing pretty good?
Good. How about I'm a towel. How about him?
I'm for the phone. Oh, I know
I'm right now. I'm right now. I'm just right in the taking off your bag. Hey, I'm a bag
I think only fags like Metallica. I don't know me that up front. Yeah, don't you think only fags are in a Metallica?
Really? It's a good cover five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a 18t
What is it with South Florida? They're like sirly. They're good. I'm ready for them. I don't care bring it on
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t into you're a fag. Yeah
Well congratulations to me. I'm pretty proud of it myself
Here's a four-letter nail. Hello
Maybe this is somebody in a better frame of mind. Yes, sir, but we better hope that both
Hello, yes
My name is art and I say that the mom and so already won the NFL Wildcud
The NFL
So get lost. Are you old part art go call one of the sports shows, okay?
Didn't I tell you don't put any hundred euro all that was good though. I'm glad nice
What would you like me to screen them again? No, no, no, that was good. That was excellent
The Marlins of Army won the NFL Wildcud
The only problem is they're not in the NFL and the National Baseball League art, but that's okay
I hope you have a good ball movement this weekend art you old fart
Don't start
Take them away in a card
Now we love art till death to us. Hey speaking of that mole man
Absolutely sucking my ass this morning heavy duty on a truck and believe it my best new friend deal Roger
I'm gonna take him to the zoo because you know, I'm like he's like my grandfather
Gellie had a good line. Oh, he says well, which one is really the grandfather? He old fart. That was good. Nice going Gellie
Of course, Gellie, you know, he goes whichever way to win blows. That's the way Gellie is a really easy way to solve that whole
He's like a read in the wind thing
Speaking of read. How what thing is that the who's older thing? Oh?
Just plop your driver's licenses down up that he would but maybe you already know my birthday was November
Fifteen I know you already know exactly. Hold on almost 61. I'm an old fart. I'm not gonna lie about my age
I will when I come there
I'll be more than delighted to put my driver's license aside by each with his the only problem is now you're giving him plenty of time to get a
Only one
Yeah, well, you have to go to one of those places where all the kids go to get phony ID
You know only in his case. He's usually old parts don't you
Phony ID, but in his case he'll do it am I right?
Both I knew you do it. That's my don't be knocking my group post personal buddy. Moe Howard David
It now that we're bonding and we have this tremendous tight friendship man tight
How does tight is Phyllis?
Here's North Miami, hello
Yes, sir
We how do thanks for calling lady a little medley a shame?
This is Woody is who that was talking through a tin can
Well, I didn't realize that it was gonna be a chronic hysterical fright. This is great. I didn't get the memo either
Oh my god. We must have missed that they must have passed it right on bias the memo
This is chronic obnoxious hysterical Friday to which we say oh right. Yeah, I like it
172 votes now. Let's see we got to be 280 that we did yesterday for the actual number
We won't do it because Friday for some reason is I don't know
What is it about Fridays? I don't see Mondays Monday and Friday
It's easy to just suck because Monday to beginning of the week and everybody's got a good excuse and then Friday
I've never been able to figure that out maybe
People are taking off for the weekend early. Huh there they're bailing screwing off
179 votes 11.1% 20 say I wouldn't vote
28 say they vote for George W today 15.6% and Howard Dean he to man
131 73.1% for president Dean
Baby come play with these two
Perfect
Who likes the flash
When she don't have those on
She's hanging like the straw me on right bank holders rancid snap
Incultures rancid snatch
Imagine what you can catch
From and cold first snatch
I'm gonna be a
Gratges with a brush
Thank the role
And Bill Marbott you'll never get
Wrants in snatch
Incultures rancid snatch
A swirling pool of crap
Incultures rancid snatch
Using pleasure to voice your
Making out her place there
Walking with the gildo
Burbly and inside of her butt incultures rancid snatch
Incultures rancid snatch
No one to know what it can hatch
Incultures rancid snatch
Oh she's gonna be on that whole pool that we take next week. Oh, I'm gonna stick about that
Oh and speaking of that I think I know who else could probably beat bush hands down his band
I'm not gonna be the one. Yeah, Mickey Mouse you're talking about right?
204 votes already Howard Dean's got 148 of them 72 and a half percent W's got 32 15.6%
I wouldn't vote 24 11.7%
I think about 10% up it wouldn't vote no matter what right right at least they're like we wouldn't like that
Assholes not that voting is usually worthwhile, but in this particular case next year it's gonna be mandatory
You got your choice you need to like go step or like run
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 got some bad news by the way before we take any more calls
Bad news what
Another hang up for do not call just when we thought that Congress was without overwhelming suck
You had the wrong numbers by the way the house voted 412 to 8th and the Senate voted 95 to 0 for a
Curse screen. I don't give a crap I read they changed their vote
For a curse one page bill authorizing the FDC do not call his butt
And of course I'll present he's just anxious foaming at them out to sign it but
Minutes after both houses of Congress concluded a remarkable scramble yesterday to make a popular do not call registry pass muster with a federal judge
A second judge ruled that the program had deeper problems it violated the telemarketers first amendment rights
Oh brother
And because of the fact that the telemarketers are panicking the word I get from my house down there is that like now it's 10 calls a day
They're foaming at them out to try to get all of their calls before the deadline
The ruling by US district judge Edward Nottingham in Denver handed the telemarketing industry at second legal victory this week and put in doubt
The future of the future of FDC's national registry although Nottingham's ruling is certain to be appeal
League of Likesbrit said it at the very least it would delay implementation of the program which was supposed to start next Wednesday
Was supposed to start the judge ruled that the registry violated the free speech rights of telemarketers because it barred them but not charities, posters or political campaigns for making unsolicited calls
More than 50 million phone numbers have been registered on list to be off limits to most telemarketers noting that popularity the head of the nation's largest direct marketing group asked its 5,000 members not to call anybody on the list regardless of its legal fate
We're not looking to ignore the wishes of consumers said direct marketing association president H. Robert Winson you know I'm wondering if the because it doesn't really say
Charities I guess it's not gonna stop the cops from calling you know, which is always very intimidating. I'm calling from the fraternary of the police and we want your money, you know and we have your number we know where you live. Oh yeah, yeah, not that it's intimidating or anything like that but I just mentioned it. So now this is in limbo again. It's in limbo once again. Just when we thought we had a little bit of freedom
We had a little privacy in our homes that people are going to like terrorize the center goddamn phones and no. Here's another goddamn judges is oh well. I can't violate their right of free speech. I thought there was such a thing as like you know you're right to privacy in your own goddamn home and like peace of mind
All of these things right not to be bothered right not to be bothered by a bunch of graver I was peddling crap. I'd rather have Ron Pope Eel call you know at least that would be fun. Here's a call from Miami. Hello.
Neil yes sir please tell us about your greatest adventure you do this I ask you to do like once every year. The time you had a day with that chick at Michigan State when you got drunk.
Yeah, I get out of here. It's so boring. Get a life man. Get something new. Oh, I don't like old and stale. It smelled old and stale's a matter of fact. God, that's so boring. What is wrong with these people today? Huh?
Man, oh man. I think we're like way ahead of them things are going a little bit too good. They can't handle prosperity and stuff but they don't like that. They like misery. They love it. They thrive on it. They pray for it.
5 6 7 0 5 60 what other than the Beatles are the stones you're all time favorite rock group.
They're on there.
Yeah.
You're as cold as ice. Yeah, foreigners on it. And also I'm just going to play ELO all day. I love ELO. It's better than these calls. We're getting so far. They suck. Oh man.
This could be the best song that was ever made you know. You don't think there's any other song I like better but I like this a lot. It's one of them. Yes. It's right in there.
I don't want to step on it but I think we're going to anyone. No idea. How do you talk this thing up? It's coming around. It's coming. It's coming. It's coming. It's coming. I'm going to jump right towards the horse.
Nope. Not done step on dance around it.
How are you?
Okay.
I'm a lonely.
Absolutely.
I'll tell you everything.
You'll become that jellyfish.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hey!
Are you failing?
Okay!
Are you still insane?
I'm too late to lie.
Okay, little eel.
Oh, there's another one.
I asked about it yesterday.
The one pounded.
They never placed this on the radio.
Much.
Confusing?
Yeah, it's confusing.
I'm confused.
So anyway, we added a mctalicon and we'll probably go through another 85 or 90 more calls.
Then we'll get somebody else that's got one.
That's good.
As opposed to just a list of a laundry list of names.
You know, nobody wants you or that.
It's boring.
Maybe I'll even tell you that story again about Arlene and the Grancer.
Or Michigan State, what do you think?
No.
What an idiot.
What's wrong with it?
Tell us the story about when you pooped your pants.
No.
Oh, I like this a lot.
Wishful.
Yes, the most.
Like I said, that could be the best song ever done.
Wishful, sinful by the doors.
Anyway, sit there on here.
We'll add some more names on that group.
We got plenty of time.
Like about eight minutes before we get it started.
And there was we get it started.
It's going to be.
Eris got some very important business.
Take care of the day.
Right.
I think he's getting really updated.
It just might be.
It feels like when he gets around because he's got some more important money making things.
This is like small potatoes.
241 votes.
Not too bad on our presidential poll today.
I think we're going to beat that to 80 that we had yesterday.
If he asked me, in fact, I'm refreshing it now.
It's 245.
If the election were right now today and these were the choices for whom would you be voting?
Howard Dean 176 nearly 72%.
George W. Bush 40 16.3%.
I wouldn't vote 29, which is nearly.
About 30, man.
That's 11.28%.
The first 245.
Robert Palmer's dead, by the way.
That's the bad news.
Good news is Marlon's one last night.
They got at least that they'll get it.
They'll get it.
All they got to do is win one out of three or Houston's got to lose something.
They got to lose.
That's all.
They're in.
Like that guy said before, old art who just turned 110.
They won the NFL wild card.
Nice going, art.
I think they won the Stanley Cup.
Is that what they want?
Sure.
Stanley Cup last night.
And I think art is skating on thin ice.
Here's the call from beautiful Boi-Ton Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, I always say.
Pretty good, sir.
All right.
I'm heading down to Steym to get some tickets.
They're going to get a slap.
Do you have to get off?
What is it?
Playoff tickets for the Marlins.
Are they going to get a beat left?
Yeah.
You get down there right now, man.
They open the gates at 10 o'clock this morning.
I'd haul my ass right down there now.
Come on, man.
Okay.
5.670560.
Pound 560.
What do you think there's long lines here or what?
Look to me like there was rain on it.
I looked at the radar on the scum centels radar a little while ago.
Yeah.
Are you following this?
Are you just laying out?
No.
I'm waiting for the rest of it.
You're watching the snow.
Oh, I'm looking at the radar right now.
And, in fact, let me take a peek.
I'll let me update it on my screen here.
Okay.
Hit the animation out.
I'm checking it out.
I like that.
That's big.
And there's heavy duty rain.
But in South-day, not nowhere is near.
There's like a little P in there.
It's like P in just a little bit up near the stadium.
I don't know what direction that's going.
But unless it's going like northeast, which I doubt.
Huh?
That can't be usually good for the other side.
It's like, in the Atlantic.
Because down like South of Halea.
And like in the Gables and Cutler Ridge and the Coconut Grove and Homestead and the
Environs and the P Rhinoes places.
It's raining like a son of a bitch because God's pretty pissed off at M people anyway.
Especially in the Gables where there are much of fascists.
Oh, please put Van Halen on list.
Ah, Jesus Christ.
Are we going to go back with that again with Van Halen?
Oh, we're going to hear some wonderful groups today.
From Charles and Fort Lauderdale Beach.
Okay, you got it, Charlie.
Okay.
It's going to be a great place to be sitting in your tocha.
I mean, the greatest other than the beetle of the stones.
Your all-time favorite rock group is Van Halen.
Oh, let's have a free country.
At least this week.
So I'm looking at that map.
It's got like greens and blues and moody blues.
Oh, how about the moody blues?
There you go.
Huh?
We're talking about.
I'm going to a bucket of crap there.
Moody blues.
Good group.
Now all the punks don't have any idea who that is.
No.
Why is that I wonder?
Uh, they're old.
Well, I saw the doors.
Doors were old.
And more than that, how many years ago?
About 30, man.
Yeah.
Eagles?
Eagles are old.
I mean, cars?
Jesus Christ.
How many years ago was there last song?
About 30, man.
Yeah.
So what does old have to do with it?
Steve counter just turned 97.
He's old.
He's still kicking ass.
We're school.
Seven.
Oh, that's so good.
That's such a great song.
He just never, I don't know why.
He'll never really get the credit and the place in music history that he deserves.
Jamora, so why is that?
Two artsy partsy.
Two artsy partsy?
Sure.
Oh, he was a poet.
This song was artsy partsy.
You heard Ray Man to the talk.
Oh, yeah.
That changed my life.
That was that day.
That's the day I wanted to come up with.
This is an age good music.
Didn't even work.
I wanted to do it suicide.
I'm not going to sing a lot.
That's artsy for it.
Yeah.
No, it's not.
Oh, he's on top.
But the other start crazy.
Touch me with artsy.
They were an artsy for it'sy band.
Okay.
Is that a knock?
Are you actually saying that's your opinion?
What are you talking about?
Oh, my God.
My George is this and the door is man.
Why would you say that?
There's a door right across from you there in a way I'm starting to think right now.
I'm a pilot.
Local.
This is five sixes.
The radio's on your side.
You in.
Why the you bastard?
Don't be fooled by the rocks in my pants.
I'm sitting with a big fat for the reek and I got a secret you might not understand.
I'll bet you didn't know I'm really a man.
A shaped leaf whether he can fully or shock but I'm still known as the girl from the block.
For me man what need a lot but very little know that I have a thing.
I got started dressing like this in my teams dressing like a hook of queen which are some
carraigin and silicone teats.
My body's well rounded like a toy.
I'm a manly man.
That's not cottage cheese on my can.
I got my wheelie back there in the jam.
My hair is real.
Give it a squeeze.
And my hair it too.
I do look at her cap on of them and then vice but I got a little cold.
So I don't have a choice.
I like the surprise in the eyes of the boys when they get a load of my own circumcised toy.
Nothing else is going on.
Harmony's but under my clothes the rest is me.
Don't be fooled by the rocks in my pants.
I'm sitting with the big fat for the reek and I got a secret you might not understand.
I bet you didn't know I'm really a man.
A shady buttery and a whole little job but I'm still known as the girl from the block.
Harmony men want me a lot.
But very little know that I have a big.
She's a dark one a strap on I believe.
A level two of five sixty over to QM maybe that's why Ben's getting a little bit nervous.
You think about what 282 votes we did it we actually exceeded yesterday's 28.
Oh, 282.
Howardine 197 69.8%.
A little bit better than Wesley Clark did yesterday although.
Not marginally.
George W. 46 16.3% and yesterday he had what he had about 16%.
And I wouldn't vote 39 13.8% out of 282.
So like I said we could put just about anybody on it.
Oh the hollies.
Well then we just mentioned the hollies.
We did.
He's my your mama.
I wrote it down the hollies.
Long call one of the hollies.
I wrote the hollies.
Well I must you want to know why because that's the way they wrote it on the.
The hollies.
Yeah that's pretty weak.
How about it on the album?
Is that the way it's written on the album?
I don't know.
On the album?
This is the beat.
Yeah.
Here's a message it says going to the web page to get my best of the CD and key chains.
Thank you.
Best of the.
Oh I love both of these.
This is good.
Billy and dear field you got good taste Billy.
Taste this.
Super tramp.
What do I have in my DCS here by super tramp in the DCS?
Yeah.
From Magnolia.
Goodbye stranger.
Do you think that's in there?
If you put it in there.
I have it on a.
Maybe you don't.
Maybe it's in her Magnolia.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Oh there is time I listen again.
Goodbye.
I don't think goodbye stranger is in here.
But I do have something from Magnolia nearby.
What was the other one that was in there?
One.
No.
What is that by a super tramp?
That's what I'm talking about.
It's in there.
I put the whole damn song in there.
But I know I can't find the damn thing.
Maybe it's a little mag.
Maybe it's a little mag rhymes with fag.
No, that's not in there either.
I'll find it.
And the Alan Parsons project, the old brown eye in the sky.
Oh I love the Alan ours.
Oh geez.
Billy says two harder pick one.
Well that's true.
That's a good pair.
Alan Parsons probably wrote them both.
You write them both out?
Yes.
Okay so that 289 is the final total.
69.2028% for Howard Dean.
202.202.
George W. 46.
Just under 16%.
Pretty lame.
I wouldn't vote 41.14.1%.
How do I say that?
Somebody tell Miss Fudge that Robert Palmer died.
Because the whole Fudge report this morning is busy tied up with the Robert Melonscape,
Richard Melonscape's crap.
Whatever his name is.
About Wesley Clark.
And he said this is what he praised Bush.
That's the whole thing.
Just how does it feel this to be a lemming?
To be just used, Matt Miss Fudge.
You little silly goose.
You silly little faggot.
You little wimp.
You fruit fly.
You butterfly in the heat.
God.
Hold that website.
It's taken up with all this crap.
Not going to Wesley Clark.
Because they're crap in their pants now.
All these right wingers that the Democrats actually are going to have a candidate who can win.
And they're just new.
And you will.
Huh?
He will.
Anybody they run.
Except for Lieberman.
We'll win.
Jew Lieberman 8 running.
Especially on Russia Shrana.
Oh, today I'm going to say they didn't just say they'd have the, huh?
He's schlepping.
Can you imagine if they would have had the debate on Yom Kippur.
Oh, you bet.
They had the scrunnied against all of us.
Orthodox Jews and Kaksal.
Holy shit.
All that crap.
He'd have been thrown still.
Lots of ball at him.
I hear that the Joe Hashtail balls.
Here's a call from Papa.
Oh, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Got a stomach appeal for how to put a holiday.
Yeah.
I'm going to put it into your ear.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay, Neil.
You know what I say, don't you?
No.
Old man, Jack.
Yeah.
I come back from the,
close from the other side.
Okay, Old Man.
Pretty lean.
Pretty weak.
I thought it was somebody doing a forelimitation.
I thought it was PD Linear again doing a bad Scott forelimitation.
We're going to be five six.
What was it?
That was going to be my guess.
Five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on a 18 TNT and Verizon wireless line.
Here's a call from prestigious vocal.
Hello.
Yes, parages.
Yeah.
Another funny call.
Is it David Boy?
Yeah.
Okay.
Kaksal Hoy's.
Wow.
Well, you know, what are you making the guttable noises about there?
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, this is, uh, Miramar.
I'm, uh, calling for the last time.
I'll be moving back to Philadelphia one Sunday and, uh, right.
Congratulations, to you, sir.
Yeah, I even know what's really, but I mean, if you love drugs, you'll love Philly.
Say to hide a gene heart's body.
But I just wanted to say something about, uh, I'm sorry.
I want to say something about, uh, power deans.
Yeah.
I know he's got balls and everything and I like the guy, but he looks different than Al Gore, if that's possible.
No.
And I really, you know, with the intelligence to the average American, they're going to vote for a guy they'd rather have a couple coffee or a beer with.
And I can't see him vote for this guy.
He's not warm and fuzzy as Ellie.
You mean?
Yeah.
People are stupid and they, you know, that's why they voted for Bush.
He seemed like, uh, a cool guy to hang with in Gorgas.
And I think that's what it boils down to.
Yeah.
A lot of people along with the autocrat they pulled.
So who did you see there yesterday if you saw any of that debate who you thought was warm and fuzzy?
He saw it a bit out of the way.
He saw it as Al Sharton.
The only debate I caught was the black caucus debate.
So I didn't, I didn't catch any of the other issues.
I didn't see nobody, uh, warm and fuzzy.
Well, I think, uh, Carrie, I wouldn't call it a...
I think I think Carrie is old and craggy, not warm and fuzzy.
Old and craggy.
Well, my name is Clark because, uh, he might not be, you know, I don't know.
He might not have a big person.
And I even more of a middle-rounder, I think the right-winger is my settle for him or whatever.
But I think that, you know, he'll grab a lot of the autocrat's vote because he's a military man who can push on his vote.
And he never killed anybody, right?
Like, he'd take Kennedy.
Okay, good luck, you pal.
Have a great life.
Okay.
Well, I mean, there was just like a long pause there and I think he was trying to say...
Goodbye.
Like, talk medicine.
Goodbye.
Say, baby.
Goodbye.
Here's a fact from Jerry and Vitya Springs, who's a chronic factor, so I'd like to suggest the band for your poll of the best rock bands other than the Beatles and the Stones.
I got it down.
Although they had only one big hit single up on Criffle Crick, they were truly a great grassroots rock and roll band.
All that anyone has to do is watch the DVD of the last Waltz concert to fully appreciate how great this band is.
Says Jerry.
You appreciate how great this band is?
Er, they were okay.
They were okay.
It says, I guess I should say how great this band was since Robbie Roberts in the group leaders, not producing movie soundtracks, and their bass player and keyboard player are dead.
Any one of their albums has a standout piece of work.
This was not a boy band.
All five members played many different instruments.
They had three lead vocalists which gave this group a unique sound.
Where in the hell is music gone once Jerry Vitya springs to them?
Here they go.
Like California.
That's California.
See that's why the Beatles boys ain't too big anymore.
They didn't know how to say it.
California.
They didn't say it right.
Like Arnold.
That to me is just mind blowing.
It's astonishing to me that anybody could take him seriously.
Much less vote for him for dog catcher.
Oh no, Arnold's got now the GOP supporting him.
Arnold is solidifying behind Arnold and they're going to put him over.
Because once again, American public is going to be shown that right wing far
missing lunatics on the extreme right can manipulate the electoral process.
Or what they want.
Oh, you want the election in California?
Well, we'll show you.
We'll have another election.
And then we'll put in some goofball, some movie star, and some illiterate jackass.
And we'll take it right out of your hands.
I hate that when they take it right out of your hands.
Andy and Miami says, although I can name you about, oh yeah, guess who?
I'm going to play some guess who I think.
Good.
Just a little, I don't want to play too much of any of this because when I play music,
man, that's the end of this crowd.
No, it's the the the the fag crap.
That's what turns it off.
Oh, like like what?
Like a boy.
You see him wearing their back.
You know you're wrong.
You're absolutely wrong.
Okay.
I have three CD ultimate collection.
It's awesome.
Please play Russia Shunanan honor the new year says Andy.
Miami.
Okay, Andy you got it.
We'll play it at the end of the day, but honor the new year.
Let's see.
Oh, an appearance today with Joe Costello.
Wow, who last time raised a few bucks.
Stop third man for our best of deal, but Joe is going to do it right during the show today.
And the appearance too noon to two at Conf USA, 121 70 West sunrise,
Boulevard in plantation, right there in your hood, right there in my neighborhood.
That's a good spot.
It is a great spot right near my bank.
Oh, when you go by my bank, give him a little raspberry for me.
Okay.
Well, we got them straight enough.
They'd like to watch over your money for a while.
Without paying you no interest, they'd like to watch over it to get no interest.
Anyway, best of the old 2002, 2003 CD's cassettes, the Mohawar David and key chains.
And the spade and spin the wheel for Marlon tickets and Grand Prix tickets too.
I like that.
And so far, our total.
Well, I that's looking up a little bit 25,000, 410.
What's wrong with that?
Well, I mean, it's a week later than I wanted to.
But we're just making a little.
Huh?
Remember, those are just the practice month.
Anyway, that's just gravy.
Yeah, you're right.
This is just Aaron Gravy.
Gabby.
Boy, oh boy.
Too bad about that scour on your chin, a cheek.
What if it is Aaron?
He's got a scour on it.
You know Aaron, Gabby?
No.
I'd like to.
Anyway, so 25,410, Joe Castello will be there at CompUSA, noon to two day.
I have all our merchandise.
Let's get with it.
Okay.
It's about time to quit dicking around and get with it.
Reach down deep.
I mean, you know, that town's just not big enough for more than one Jaffaimmer.
We're sports radio-fightsys.
You A.M.
They're back.
Your favorite Jewish rock and roll nostalgia band.
It's Russia, Shanana with their greatest hits album, Suck Top of the Synagogue.
My world I expected for the superstition baby.
My name is Mara Berkberg.
Yes, Russia, Shanana has reformed to bring you 12 kosher cuts of hopper Hebrew Higur.
That's your age.
Isn't good for you.
This album should be in every orthodotrachers collection.
Rolling Stone gives it five stars of David.
It I wonder wonder wonder who wrote the book of Joe.
Suck Top of the Synagogue, new from Russia, Shanana.
Available in all record stores.
We'll talk price when you get here.
No, it's older than this album.
1118 at 560, Japanese New Year from all your good, the goi is your friends at QAM.
Greg Reed speaking to goi, I'm coming again this morning.
Greg congratulating us yesterday actually.
Oh, I wonder what it was on our trends again.
First time was enough, Greg.
Yes, we are still going to get out.
Keep ripping your hands.
We like it. We enjoy it.
Did you bring a check for a band that pressed you like to duck to this morning?
Nope.
Oh, just checking.
This calls us Amsterdam. Hello.
Good morning.
How are you doing?
Good. How are you doing, Neil?
Are you actually an Amsterdam?
I'm on the dam rack.
I'll be damned.
You interviewed by the Marquis by any chance?
Right across the street from Bures Van Berlaga.
A big your pardon?
Bures Van Berlaga.
It's right on the dam rack.
What the hell is that?
I don't know. It's big, the biggest building there on the right.
How about the buying course, the big department store, you hear that?
Yeah, that's just north of it.
Right.
No, it's not north of it.
It is like down by Rembrandt Plain, but anyway.
So what's the weather like over there?
Beautiful.
It was about 65 today.
Okay.
It's about like upper 30s at night.
It's been great here.
I spoke to you the other day and I heard you say after I got off the phone with you,
what airline I was flying over, but I flew Virgin Atlantic into London.
Oh, because they're the best.
They are?
Yeah.
Could have fooled me.
Really?
You must have flown at the... I sure hope you didn't fly that premium economy.
Yes, I did.
You did?
Yeah, what a waste.
Oh, brother.
It was good the first time a couple of years ago, but this time they've got different airplanes
and it's not up to snuff.
But it was okay.
I'm always nervous about flying an airline when I got somebody who had a big clown on the side of the plane.
I was nervous about that.
You know, got laughing.
Yeah, it was a good flight, though.
And I'm flying back the same, but I'm getting... I got a 747 coming back, so I know the premium economy is better on the seven.
Oh, yeah, you're probably getting your massage.
Now, what's the deal?
Were you staying in Amsterdam?
You know, I stayed there last time.
It's right on the square, or right on the rack.
Little Delta, who tell one of those things is about 3D wide.
And by the way, speaking of the Delta hotel, the best exchange rate in the city is that little currency exchange right there.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
Although it hasn't been great with...
No, you won't like the exchange rate now, man.
The Euro with the American dollars falling again like a rock.
The horrible was a dollar 22 to the Euro.
Yeah.
I wish I'd bought it last year.
It was 95 cents to the Euro.
But yeah, it's fucked up.
They've taken you.
But thanks to Georgie Boy.
Yeah, he's doing it for us, man.
Yeah, don't Georgie.
I've been hanging out at that 420 again, around the corner.
Didn't bring me anything though, did you?
I'm not back yet.
Okay.
Just so I'm inside your underpants, man.
I'll never catch it.
Hey, back to him.
I got a...
Next year, Uzi.
Yes.
I got a couple of American tourists to take a picture of me with my QAMT shirt on in front of the...
the...
Cras in the...
damn square.
All right.
So he goes...
The Grand Cras.
The Grand Cras.
Mm-hmm.
I don't know what's going on this weekend, but the place is...
So is it crowded there?
Yeah.
They said just...
But there's nothing happening, but the city is packed.
Excellent.
That's why I like it.
Yeah.
Things look good here.
Last time I was here at a street, they were torn up.
It was a mess, but it's really nice and clean now.
Outstanding.
Well listen, have a great time, Pallee.
How long are you going to be there?
Until Wednesday, fly back.
I'll be back the end of next week.
Just going to take a couple other tours.
I got to stop in New Jersey on the way back and see the folks.
I'll be sure and write my name in all the appropriate spots.
Have a great time.
Donkey smell.
Okay.
Donkey smell.
See ya.
Totsin.
Donkey smell.
I like that.
Sometimes we confuse it with Mo.
Absolutely.
It'll knock you smell.
Somebody says, please add the great salmon and garfog on your pole.
Thank you.
Frado, when he says most still sucks.
Absolutely.
Okay.
Thank you.
Frado.
By the way, let's go fishing.
Arrowsmith's got eight.
How do you like that?
Other than the beetles of the stones, your favorite all-time rock group.
Arrowsmith eight.
Doors four.
Eagles three.
Eagles three.
Oh, man.
It's that loud.
Woo.
Got it.
Fans got three, George.
You are poo-pooing the band.
They got four.
Who do you want?
I don't like that.
I don't like that.
I don't like that.
Well, I'm running down the road trying to loosen my load.
I got seven.
Living on my mind.
For the water, I'll need you.
The water's going to be in the water.
She wants to she's a friend of mine.
Oh, right.
Take it easy.
Oh, the who?
How could we let go of the who, huh?
Who?
There's something wrong with the world today.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know.
Something's wrong with eyes.
Who, Craig?
You're right.
You see the things in a different way.
You got those in a different way.
You showering those supplies.
No.
Oh!
We live in only an ocean.
Well, I'll tell you what.
This might be the best song of all time.
It could be.
The possibility.
I'll put it to be bad if you've got a bad feeling.
I think it just might be the one.
Have you been around?
No.
Have you done your share of coming down?
No.
A different thing.
There's a people.
Oh!
Have you been away?
Can you imagine they were just here.
They were like an afterthought, ACDC and a guest who had the A Stone's concert here a few weeks ago.
I remember that gigantic thing.
Half a million people.
No incidents.
No voice to resist.
No crap.
Nothing.
Just everybody having a good old Canadian gay old time.
How do you like their maples?
I keep saying that again.
That's bad.
But there's Colin Powell.
That's bad.
And more cities were games appeared to be turned over.
Yeah.
They were coming to be.
Oh!
That's what Hitler said, too, wasn't it?
More cities were prepared to be turned over like, you know.
Warsaw.
Paris.
Paris.
Amsterdam.
Speaking of that.
You got brothers and sisters who care about what's going to happen to you all in the air for now.
But who's coming?
Maybe I'll be there to shake your hand.
Maybe I'll be there to shake your hand.
You know something I can't.
Oh, star baby, that's not on here.
Do you have that?
No, I don't.
God, do I love that song.
You don't have star baby by the guest who?
I wouldn't know where to find it.
That could be the greatest song of all time if you asked me.
Ask me what the greatest song of all time is.
What the greatest song of all time is?
It might be star baby or could be.
Oh, rock.
Oh, oh, rock them.
Oh, there was a time when I was so broken hearted.
Love wasn't much of a flame in mine.
No.
Are you sure?
I think we're just playing arosment till two o'clock.
What do you say?
I like it.
I think it's a great idea.
Are we doing it?
No.
But it sounds like a whale of an idea to me.
Oh, my God.
This is what we do at the moment.
Oh, you way, yeah.
It's got had a bomb and took a hit then Woody.
I'd like to teach him some.
Yes.
And get the munchies and make round these fills with hair.
And Woody's sharing with Jesus and the saints.
The fire's hot hits and yeah, yeah.
Heart is great and yeah, yeah.
Heart is good and yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
What has got smoked cannabis?
Smoked blood like one of us.
Getting high on the back of the bus.
Just feeling more just getting storm.
All right.
On a grey hump us too long.
To get some bad luck in homegrown.
A couple of time back to take home.
Smoked blood big by Marley on his throne.
No fun in heaven is your throne.
79 votes.
Aerosmith's got 12 doors 11.
Eagles 10.
By the way, do you ever get stoned with Moses?
Metallica 7.
No comment.
Van Halen 7.
Moody Blues 6.
The band 5.
EL 5.
Beach voice 5.
Cars 4 George.
The cars the doors.
The tail pipes.
The hoods.
Four and her three.
Guess who to super tramp on the rearview mirrors don't have any.
Ellen Parsons Project one.
Holly's don't have none.
Cindy says.
Cindy says.
Hi Mike.
And also a power station honor for Robert Palmer.
We can't say no to that.
Can we?
But we see it and reports the pizza delivery man.
We were talking about this before the show.
Now it's probably a victim.
It took him all this time to determine that he wasn't really a bank robber.
He wasn't really on some kind of a plot.
And you notice that dead body that they found right there next door to the body.
The one that was sinister plan.
Yeah.
They found a dead body but they said it's just maybe a coincidence.
One thing all your little kids out there, don't ever forget.
You can always trust the FBI.
Because they were you know their crap.
In fact, I think crap is the middle end.
The B and FBI stands for Bolshevik.
They almost think about it.
Oh.
Where the hell did this come from?
Where did this show come from?
Came from that guy with a foreigner that was talking talk on his head.
Kaka.
Fizzin.
That's what we're missing.
Got a re-applied.
Saturday.
Put the goddamn Terry.
The idiot.
Jesus.
I hate when they do.
Saturday.
Kill the heart.
Everybody's still on the land.
Underrated.
Don't get as much credit.
The guess who in Chicago there's two groups who should do it.
I mean, just legend there.
He just bigger than life itself.
But some, I don't know what it is.
You know, underrated.
Just like Jim Morrison.
Underrated.
Beatles in the stones.
Sensational but slightly overrated.
Right.
You I'm coming from.
Oh, yeah.
It's true.
More to life than them.
But Chicago.
I mean, I would say.
But 30 minutes.
Hits their likes to be bigger than.
You can never believe.
I'll see now the thing with the horns.
Now you what was the word used about the doors?
You said they were like artsy parts.
Artsy parts.
That's what other people have said.
Well, see Chicago.
There would be people saying that too.
Because they were like real musicians from the Jewelryard School of music in the year.
And they had like the whole full orchestra with a violin.
But then again, E. L.O. did that.
Heels wrong with that.
Huh?
I guess they were artsy parts.
There are those people that don't like that.
Well, screw them.
If they look good.
Oh, I'll tell you what.
See, I've never played it.
I lied.
Boy, this is my favorite song of all time.
I just changed my mind.
How can you knock that?
With a stick?
With my both eyes.
Much the time when I was playing music back in 1969.
I was in the show at WTPS.
I used to be able to talk to the song about it.
Well, if ever this song was appropriate, you know it.
Who was it?
a
Polish
Looking fuck
I was a cop that I never feel like.
See, once I started playing that, I really have no desire to stop because it's criminal.
You just can't stop playing that, you know?
By the way, Robert Palmer's daddy was 54.
We had a heart attack in Paris.
I think the Lord was punishing him for going and concerning with those frogs.
Because we're supposed to hate the French now, aren't we?
We're supposed to be politically correct.
I got that almost.
Hate the French.
Right.
Eat the rich.
Hate the French.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
So we got Chicago under and I realized that the list will change whatever he gets around
away.
We got the whole weekend.
So it's not like there's some emergency.
You can hop on here anytime you want.
Don't forget we got a big appearance today.
Joe Castello.
Probably be more people with his appearance and be listening like at 4.30 in the morning
with that show because everybody's sluffing.
But that's the way it goes, Joe.
Joe Castello today is he like alone out there.
It's like Mark Eisenberg with him or like Miguel or it's a Mark Eisenberg.
And I'm sure it's going to be Miguel.
Miguel is involved in all of them.
Yeah.
So Joe and Miguel.
Joe and Miguel.
What?
There you go.
There's a little something for everybody.
Joe is in the know.
He's got the big nose.
And Miguel's got the big hose.
Noon to two.
Joe Castello.
Comp USA.
12170 Weston rise Boulevard in plantation right out there.
My neck it was right by the watch over your money bank.
Right by the what else is right there?
What's that restaurant?
Is that a Michael's?
Well, you're going like that.
I'm going to want to live there.
But I do.
I've never eaten there.
They never invited me.
Michael's a Fort Lauderdale.
I believe has got to join there.
Tallion.
And what's that thing in front of there?
That it was like a it's a betting place now.
What the hell did that used to be?
They used to be a Boston market.
A betting place like on Maxris Giant or something?
Yeah.
Exactly.
It used to be a Boston market for a few days.
But third man.
And then they said, oh, we can't figure out
what we want to be here.
See, that was the problem with Boston market.
Anyway, they'll have the best in the LCDs and cassettes
and how we're not that Boston markets out of business.
I shouldn't say like in the past tense.
But that's the problem I still perceive that.
Is that you walk in there and you don't know what to do.
Right?
I haven't been in one.
You know what?
I haven't been in one.
You want to meet loaf or how about some turkey
and how about like three sides and two mains
and a partridge and a peritory?
It's just too hard to figure out
what it's all about in there.
It is confusing.
And I remember the one time I went in here
and I got pissed off because the service was brutal
and I made some comment.
And then I said it on the year in a manager
got all bent out of shape about it
and then they went out of business.
So all I can say is, yeah, there you go.
And don't screw what you old man.
Don't screw with grandpa, especially when I come to the zoo
with my good buddy Moe.
Yeah, Boston market.
I mean, the food was okay.
Not that sensational, but I would say it was okay.
It was okay for going.
But it was just too confusing.
I went out and I go into a place.
I like to figure out, see, I'm one of those people
if I walk and even to a fast food joint,
like in a walking situation.
And you look up on the wall and the menus got like
just too much.
It's like you stuck it in vertigo.
You get dizzy and you start, you know what I'm saying?
Like what do I do here?
How does this work?
What do you got?
I mean, tell me how I do this.
I just can't deal with it.
I can't mirror and cope with this.
Here's a call from Miami.
When is this?
Neo God speaking.
What's up, Neo?
How you doing, man?
Kill and listen.
What's up, George?
Yo.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, man.
How could you not have Led Zeppelin on that list?
Because you didn't, because you just called.
I wasn't on hold for like half an hour, but.
I know what I was.
I'm a ramblin.
I'm a ramblin man.
Dumb man.
So Led Zeppelin, they're gonna run away with a bullet.
Okay, you got it there.
Yep.
No, that was the biggie smalls I think, don't that?
You got a man.
Say, keep back.
He ran away with the bullet.
Led Zeppelin.
I know they're old stairway to heaven.
Oh, let's do that again one day.
Not.
Yeah.
I want to do that just to piss off those people
that's in and all the factions about.
Oh, everybody has ever been on radio.
Did this about what's the best song of all time?
It was kind of productive.
And then of course, stairway to heaven one.
And it was pissed me off.
Always was.
I mean, is there anybody who really believes
that stairway to heaven was the best song of all time?
No.
Somebody must.
No, but do we believe that?
No.
Oh.
Oh, it's speaking of the concert
with the Rolling Stones and ACDC in a Gesu rush.
There you go.
Alex has rush.
It's about time you got a good one, Alex.
Good Canadian band.
Yes.
Rush.
Just like the Gesu, good Canadian band.
First concert I ever went to.
Oh, and somebody, I was just going to take a break
in a good mood.
And somebody puts the freaking grateful dead on here.
My mind and local.
We're sports radio five 60s.
You ain't two AM.
I was doing this monkey with his ass so red.
And in just three days he was melted in bed.
It was Ebola.
Ebola.
Ebola.
Ebola, what are you looking for?
Making love to a monkey where it just ain't right.
Now my face is sweaty and my butt cheeks tight.
It's this Ebola.
Bracket.
Ebola.
Ebola.
Ebola.
Ebola.
Now I know the fuck is over in the night here.
I'm going to bring it to America in my rear.
Bracket.
My private's a blue, the fair big and brown.
I'm going to move the Jolly as it's you.
I'm underground.
I'll stay with you back here.
You see, and if you got it, you're just a blue sea.
It's Ebola.
Oh, Ebola.
Ebola.
Ebola.
Ebola.
I know the fuck is over in the night here.
I'm going to bring it to America in my rear.
Bracket.
My private's a blue, the fair big and brown.
I'm going to move the Jolly as it's you.
I'm underground.
I love the fucks, it's the election you got.
But I know one thing.
I'm for monkey life.
You get Ebola.
Ebola.
Ebola.
Ebola.
Ebola.
Ebola.
Ebola.
Ebola.
Bracket.
Hel.
It damn, they're killed them.
So I bet you can't imagine what your group will put down there next because I play that
G in the case.
Oh, good guess.
Oh, and now people are sending it.
See, here's the question again.
Other than the Beatles and the Rolling Stones, what's your all-time favorite rock group?
Right.
That's not the question.
No, no, no.
Oh, is the question, what are your 15 favorite rock groups?
How many bands can you name?
That's the question.
Yeah.
Because Jimmy's got a home all the way.
I do like the way Jimmy signed his facts.
I like that.
And he also mentioned that Bush is effing up this country and too bad for that group that
name.
Did I say that right?
I just, I had it.
No, you smooth.
No, I did.
Yeah, smooth, but a little bit too smooth.
We actually said it.
Well, he is effing up this country.
Yes, he is.
And he says he feels surf at a band named Bush.
Well, what can I tell you?
Let's see.
Anybody ever heard of Marcus Nilsson?
It reminds me of a Bill Turriott.
I'm with the worst team that one day.
Whenever Ripett, I'm going to ask anybody ever hear of Marcus Nilsson?
Yeah, we heard him.
He's marginal.
This fact says anybody ever heard of Kiss?
Yeah, Kiss this.
Okay, put him on here.
Okay, Kiss.
On the bizarre side for me, you know, more than a establishment kind of guy.
Right.
You know, oh no.
Let's see.
Almond brother.
I mean, we can put him all on here.
And most of these are already on there anyway.
Almond brothers, got to put them on here, even if it was only for the priest and the
ramblin man, huh?
It probably.
Oh, Chicago.
Neil Young and Crazy Horse.
Crosby Stills in the Slash.
Yes, and why?
Huh?
And Young?
No, just Crosby Stills in the Ash.
Bruce Springstreet in the East Street band.
We got some in the Garfucker, right?
Yes.
Okay.
So anyway, thanks Jimmy for your list of your 500 favorite bands.
Pink Floyd, how can we see?
There's a lot of them we haven't put on yet.
So a lot of people are laying out and they got all weekends.
They don't get all panicky, okay?
Queen.
Can I mention Queen?
I don't know.
Fleetwood Mac, which makes me sick for my stomach to think that, but put them on there.
I mean, whatever you say, oh, and the police, which I know you don't like them, but I do.
Why would you say that?
You don't like the police.
It's the CD that's in my car right now.
Because they're always pulling you over for going to fans.
Not me.
Alasandria Virginia, thank you, Alasandria.
Thank you, Arles, for minding me about the greatest song in History of mankind.
Every breath you have with your bad breath.
Every bad breath you have.
And why don't you like that song?
I do like that song.
We've had this argument.
No, I thought you were the one always having crap about somebody else.
Somebody tell me that it was a little bit of an argument.
I mean, yeah, I don't have a fight about it.
I like that stuff here anyway, which is good.
It's not a music station.
It's A-N that sounds like crap anyway.
Oh, if you could hear in this studio how good it sounds.
Yeah, some good speakers have got.
You're coming down the line.
Yeah, the JBL speakers are the good ones you have, but never the last.
I can't hear what you're saying because they need to do it.
That's not important.
Well, what about AC DC?
Might as well have all the groups inside the stones that were at that concert here in
Toronto.
It says Tracy and Kendall.
Thanks, Tracy.
And remember what one that we'll yet today.
Here's another one for the almond brothers for the poor thanks, Greg.
I think you're Mike Lee.
Greg Reeves.
What is that?
I do believe in you.
And I know you believe in me.
Here it comes.
Oh, yes.
Peter Statera, by the way, has got a wife and a whole bunch of kids.
So he's not a fact.
Well, he hasn't convinced me yet.
In fact, when we get to that, the straight R for the queer guy thing he'll be on there.
Sure.
Peter Statera.
It's just his mannerisms, man.
He can't help it.
He's just a swishy, a straight guy.
That's all.
They'll probably have one of his own shows pretty soon.
Him and Jim J. Boock.
Oh, he's straight too, right?
Never seen together.
No.
The straightest Paul in.
Other than the Beatles of the Rolling Stones, what's your all time favorite rock group?
Now, what are your 6,000 favorite rock groups?
And we'll have to put some more contemporary ones on here, like the Backstreet Boys.
What?
What do you laugh at about?
We'll get some of those.
There are a couple of punky guys and probably a few pedophiles out there, too.
You know, punky groups.
Let's put it on there right now, Backstreet Boys.
Okay.
In stink, as much as I, it just breaks my heart to put that crap on there.
A little, speaking of faggot, oh, brother.
Holy.
See, I guess that was the only way that could we have his image.
It was kind of like the, a little before J. Lo and Ben.
It was Lance, not Lance.
So Justin Tinkerbell, Lance is the one who's out of this world.
Justin Tinkerbell, in fact, Lance, what kind of the spaceship, Lance?
He does look out of this world, honey.
You know, what's his last name?
I don't know.
We don't know.
We don't want to ask.
Bass.
Bass.
Bass.
Third.
Bass.
God, almighty.
This Scott, you know what Scott needs?
Scott's okay.
He needs a personality transplant.
You can't complain about Scott's personality because he doesn't have one.
Thank you very much.
He hasn't ever known.
No, seriously, you're just fine, but you're the dullest sounding human being I've ever heard
in my life.
So don't quit your own night job.
Anyway, Aero Smith 20.
We got a good battle going on here.
And of course, once Led Zeppelin gets on, some of these at an ACDC, then, you know, then
you'll see some of these things like fade a little bit.
But that's where it goes.
Aero Smith 21 Van Halen 18 Eagles 18.
Doris 17.
Now, they were little artsy fartsies.
The rumor I'm here.
Metallica 13.
Moody Bluesade.
And by the way, the Metallica guy I'm still a fact.
Moody Bluesade Beachboy 7 to band 7.
I'm surprised with that, ain't you?
Yes, I am.
E-L-A.
This has got four or five cars for Guess Who Three.
Super tramp of pair.
I know I got that song in here somewhere.
Goodbye stranger, right?
Okay.
I know it's in here.
God damn it.
Maybe it's under mag.
I got it from home or the computer.
Fag for, I don't know.
I'll find it.
I got the Magnolia disc somewhere in here.
The copy I made.
I just don't know where.
Alan Parsons Projects got a pair.
And the Hollies don't have any.
Hollies is too old.
Too old and too obscure.
Bus stop.
Member bus stop.
That was Hollies were good.
They were one of the British invasion.
What about the woman?
The searchers.
We're not going to put them on here, but the searchers were good.
Yeah.
Lies.
In fact, that was the QA.
That was the QM theme song.
Lies.
That was Greg Reed's theme.
Speaking of QM.
Speaking of QM.
No.
QM.com.
The link is up to the store.
Oh, great.
I'm not going to get all excited about it.
Oh, get a little excited.
I'm not going to poke it.
So who else, what other later day groups should we put on right away just to pass if I
Some of the punks all starting when can we get a decade to start what about 98 degrees?
Now why are you laughing?
First of all, you said rock band.
Yeah.
Well, how about the backspeed boys?
They don't call it by the band band is a different band.
They're nothing.
There's stuff in nonsense.
I'm not here.
Well, that's your opinion.
I know.
That's just because Nick's a fag in right off the bat.
You get a big bug up your ass about them.
Okay.
They're pretty good in the studio.
They couldn't sing a lick outside on the street.
In stink 98 degrees.
I'll contraer though.
They really can sing.
And that's why they don't exist anymore.
Nick is busy like being a he's like a supplicant to Jessica Simpson now.
That's why they're making the rounds and all the talking Hitchhows to try.
Hey, remember Nick was shea he used to be really big 98 degrees.
He made a lot of good music and they really can sing.
No, no.
So if we were one of Jessica and she has, she's got a real sweet smell and smell and, uh,
I mean, what if it's a genuine lottery band's on there?
Yeah, but I'm, I'm just saying we got, we got to cover all the bases.
It's a weekend poll.
It's going to be there for three long, extrusioning days.
Let's get it all on there.
Let's thought everybody on their nine inch nails.
Nine inch nails is good.
Am I going to have to play that thing now?
Oh, could you?
Well, it's only a short.
M-TV presents nine inch nails unplugged.
I want to fuck you like an animal!
Damn it, this thing's not on.
I'll come this isn't working.
Oh, she tried you knocked over my bonge.
Nine inch nails unplugged.
Only on M-TV.
We did mention by the way that Robert Palmer is dead, didn't we?
My life and locals.
This is Sports Real by City.
UA-M.
There's a mohawada Davida, but the only thing funny and then rape of it is that pipe smoke is 12-1 hour.
Whom?
D-D-Doy.
Crabital records presents the coming out of Hoogwright-Pute Township.
It's the out of the closet collection.
Tommy, can you hear me?
Here's my head to steer you.
Tommy, can you please me?
Let me reach up here, you.
Okay.
Ooh, Tommy.
Tommy.
Tommy.
Come here, Tommy.
It's your whole second.
I want to show you something.
Tommy.
Feel me.
Touch me.
Yes, right there.
Feel me.
Feel me.
Feel all of me.
Touch me.
Woo-hoo!
Come here.
Crabital records presents these previously unreleased tracks.
Catch me seeing these songs the way they were meant to be.
The rough boy in Slitzkirts, Pete Township, the in my box set.
Since I was young, I'm having several balls.
He's rolled down bright and men always need the car.
They take them like it in an embassroom stall.
My name is Peter Townsend, and I'm so playin' me, Jim.
Oh, right now, you'll get a CD bonus track of Pete singing that Helen Ritty classic I Am Woman.
V.O. or Mastichord, except it.
And from New York City, we hear that George Clinton died last night.
He was a celebrated writer, actor, and blazed trails and journalism,
believing that reporters should experience the subjects they cover.
How do you like that?
So not only did Robert Palmer die, but George Clinton died last night too.
How do you like the timing on that?
Wasn't that great?
Excellent.
Wow.
Ransard.
Here's the fact that I can't find anybody on a pull-to-vote for a side suggest,
uh, Ransard is a new-ish rock band.
Speaking of Ransard, it says they're indestructible CDs.
The only thing I'm gonna play in for weeks now.
Okay, Ransard.
Speaking of Ransard, here's one that says you too.
I know, they get a lot of votes.
Oh, my God.
I agree with you.
They get a lot of votes, and they suck.
Then they also say I have an idea for another poll.
So, JK and Holly would the gayest bands of all time, which I'm glad you mentioned that,
because look at one we've conspicuously left off here so far, it's embarrassing.
Especially for me, all right?
R-E-M.
Oh, oh.
Gay, I'm not talking about air supply.
You got air supply.
No.
Oh, R-E-M.
Get that on there right away, okay?
Got it.
I mean, you could put air supply in there if you wanted to.
Oh, hi.
No, huh?
No, thank you.
Okay.
I guess you'd rather put in stink-com and air supply.
Yes.
The gayest bands of all time, what were that encompass?
I mean, queen and what the R-E-M.
Air supply, back in the day.
Air supply and R-E-M and queen.
Allen Parsons project.
Allen Parsons project is a gay band.
Air supply.
Gay.
This man needs some serious help.
I could have told you that.
A personality transplant followed by a full frontal lobotomy.
See, I like this part in the beginning.
This is a four-play undersom, but nobody ever played it.
You got to play all the way to the grog.
What is it for the grog?
It's my favorite part.
Oh.
Yeah.
Happened to me.
It'll happen to you.
Oh, I hate to break the news.
But Burton Cummings was just awful on that concert here.
It's unfortunate.
He said.
It wasn't worth coming.
I didn't ask him.
Squirt, Squirt.
Air.
Air.
Robert Palmer's dead and George Clinton dead.
American woman.
I'm gonna miss your man.
This goes on for many minutes.
Stop third, man.
Yeah, it goes on for a long time.
Not really.
Here we go.
Sooner or later.
All right.
Let him grow up.
I'm not fling.
It's not like somebody hit him and he asks for the pitchboard.
It's what it sounded like to me.
That's the rhythm correction.
All right.
I'm gonna stay away from me.
Even a mad dog is doing great talkups on his show.
I love it.
Nice going, mad dog.
Is he on the day?
I have a give it a schedule.
It's mad dog at two, the Humber at four.
At least the mad dog is still on the schedule.
We got him penciled in.
We don't want to overwork him because his popularity is so high.
It's frightening.
Jim made it to the Humber at four.
The Dave Wands that show would hand could five.
We got the Marlins on deck at seven.
The Mets at the Marlins is they sewed all up tonight at 735 at P.P. Park.
Be there or to you.
Eddie K. attend 30 after the ball game and ESPN radio overnight
because Joe Costello who right now as I speak is got the net off
because they got to be on Monday morning to lead into Moe.
So Joe Costello is at Comp USA at 121-717 West Unrise Boulevard Plantation.
Got all the best in the Emerge and Dice, the Howard David Keychain,
and all the good stuff.
And you can spin the wheel from Marlins tickets and Grand Prix tickets.
If Joe lines of Thomas that there are a lot of free loaders came by to spin the wheel
and didn't buy any of our stuff, I'm going to be really porked.
I'll tell you that right now.
Bad company. That's an excellent choice.
Yeah.
How can we not more enthusiastic?
Yeah.
It says in my worthless opinion, Paul Rogers has one of the best voices of all time.
Not as good as Neil Rogers, but Dan Neer.
Excellent choice. Bad company.
I wish I had that. You got it there.
But don't start.
I got lots of bad company.
Yeah, that's what I'm hearing.
That's what Scott's predecessor had the problem with too.
Eagles 23, Erosmith 23, doors 22.
I can't get any tighter than that.
But then again, he hasn't put some of these other ones on there yet, but he will.
Look at around with.
First 155 votes.
A lot of people laying out waiting for their favorite group to go on.
And then they'll hop on it.
They're going to jump right on it.
Van Halen 21, Metallica 15.
And yes, I'm still a fact.
The band 10 Moody Blues 9, Beat Boy 7, ELO Holy 6.
Oh, come on.
Four in her five.
The car is stuck on four.
They've had four for a very long time.
Guess who three?
The who two?
Alan Parsons Project, which a fag group coined a Scott.
They got a pair.
Super tramp, two pink Floyd two.
And no votes yet for Simon and Garfunkel Power Station.
Bruce Springsteen, the East Street band, or the poor Hollies.
I feel so bad for the Hollies, you know?
Yeah.
I don't know.
Don't you feel bad?
They had great tunes, and nobody remembers the air that I breathed.
That was the Hollies?
Yeah.
Trust me.
Look it up.
Well, just so happens.
What did I whip this book out for yesterday?
I whipped it out for something.
And I put it out.
I don't know.
But it just happened all the way.
We sitting right here, my billboard books.
So you can't mess with us today.
No messing with us.
The air you I breathed, it was number six in 1974.
27, 29 years ago.
Great song.
Here is the library.
There was a great song.
I remember there was a first recorded by Albert Hammond in 1972.
I see.
Maybe that's why I'm thinking.
Oh, Carrie Ann, written for Mary Ann Faithful in 1967.
Hey, Carrie Ann.
Oh, stop, stop, stop.
Right?
Remember that?
Stop.
I had thought these greatest hits.
I loved it.
Played it to death.
War the Oxide out on a carousel.
Look through any window.
Jennifer Eccles.
He ain't heavy.
He's my, your mama.
Long cool women in a dark black dress.
Long dark road.
Stopped the name of love.
Which I bet you really parked off to Anoross, you think?
Maybe.
Alan Clark vocals there from Manchester, England.
Graham Nash and Tony Hicks guitars.
Eric Haydock bass.
Bobby O'Layton.
Dan Rathbone drums.
Basil Rathbone was a Yanke.
Haydock left in 1966.
Replace by Bernie Calvert.
First heard on bus stop.
Next left in December, 1968, joined David Kruzby
and Steven Seals' new trio.
Replace by Terry Silvestre, formerly in the swing in Blue Jeans.
Shuffling personnel since then.
Clark Nash, Hicks and Elliott.
Regroup briefly in 83.
The Hollies.
Rest in peace.
Goes with the days, baby.
There used to be some really great music in that.
All this rap crap came along.
And all of a sudden people started saying,
what the hell is this?
Right.
You called this freaking music or what?
Rap.
I can find some good rap crap for you.
Oh no!
I can't find any.
I can't find any.
I mean, talk about Bad luck.
I can't find one rap video on it.
What's the chance that I got about 400 video channels up here.
I can't find one rap song on it.
Now, what about your pansy boys that run around in their underwear?
What tells that group?
Blink 182?
Blink 182.
Oh, not their bad hot chili peckers.
Why don't we have them on there?
They used to be pretty good long time.
Now they saw.
When they were still in heroin.
Red hot chili peckers and the Blink 182.
George likes them because they're ugly guys that run around their underwear.
I like them because they play good music.
I see.
What station are they on?
They are on.
5607-0560-560 on the AT&T Infurizer Wireless Line.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hello, Leo.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
A couple of days ago, Laura Bush was on one of the morning talk shows.
I'm so sorry.
You're like, no, talking to a bunch of kids about reading and stuff.
So, once some of the books that she said that she reads for, I don't know, self-help.
Maybe the IMFAM book to help the president with his grammar.
She said that the book that she's reading right now for pleasure is called The Polished Ho.
The polished Ho?
That's correct.
I'll be damned.
So, I thought that you might find that a little bit of trivia.
Maybe it's about Monica.
Someone who's the polished Ho.
Someone who's the polished Ho.
She polished her craft, her trade.
So, you know, the polished Ho is reading the polished Ho?
No, I have not.
I said The Polished Ho is reading the polished Ho.
I see.
Okay.
Have a great day, Pat.
You too.
Oh, he's had you too.
I knew he'd mentioned a band before the thing was there.
The polished Ho is reading the polished Ho.
So, he was trying to like the cute.
Was he cute?
No.
But that was good.
Good call, man.
Errol Smith, 29, the doors, 27, Eagles, 25, and Hill, and 22.
We got a real battle going.
But like I said, as soon as Eric gets finished with his extraordinarily important business,
and we start getting some of these other groups like Led Zeppelin on there,
is Led Zeppelin on there yet?
I see nine-inch nails.
I think you're a sandbag in some of these rooms to try to make it look more competitive.
You know, I'll quickly.
Huh?
Led Zeppelin off like a half hour ago.
Well, we got 100-83 votes in there.
We got about 400.
We're not 400, but a lot of them that don't have any votes yet.
I'm 30, man.
But I don't see no Led Zeppelin.
I just mentioned that because ACDC will certainly get a lot of they on there yet.
No.
So just relax, don't end in 98 degrees.
How many votes are they gonna get?
I might change my vote.
I already voted for Errol Smith.
Uh-huh.
So you won't give 98 degrees no credit because it's a boy band.
Therefore automatically it must be bad.
They can't sing.
Automatically write rock and roll music.
Any rock and roll?
Any rock and roll?
Any rock and roll?
Any rock and roll?
Any rock and roll?
Any rock and roll?
Any rock and roll?
Any rock and roll?
this morning. Here's whole intensive.
There's no room in here.
Sing a...
You wanna take a ride in my 89,
don't she felt the kid don't take a
belt to group up on a cell phone?
Three way out here in a slot.
Yeah, you gotta get a ride on.
From the blocks of the park.
I'm as close as they come.
Look, a room as they come.
Fishkin'.
Oh.
Heh heh heh heh heh heh heh heh.
I ain't taking no chances.
That's almost as good as putting on Playboy TV.
Now you call that music?
Note.
Rap.
It's crap.
Not good.
I like some rap that ain't it.
It's gonna play Boy TV.
You call that a penis?
She's opening a small package.
And inside the package.
Take the bod's soaps, your toiletries,
make up into the bathroom.
Your finding a bathroom in the bathroom.
Start a hot bath at the salt.
When you've done that and have completely undressed,
you can open present number two.
Oh, you know who gave her present number two?
Roy!
My name is Roy.
I'm Lowball.
This is the 420560.
You ain't who I am.
He was obsessed.
Harry!
Are you in there?
Oh yeah!
With a need for privacy.
Harry!
Come out, you're sensitive.
He spent hours locked in his little fantasy world.
Harry!
Are you listening to me?
You've been in there long enough for a very long time.
The bathroom.
Harry!
Harry!
I'm coming!
And what have you been doing in here all morning young man?
The...the dango.
We know brothers' pictures presents the gripping tale of...
Harry!
Palmer!
privately showing this November.
See, we don't have any Robert Palmer bits.
So I've heard of Harry Palmer being the next best thing.
How could that be?
It's in the same family.
Here's a fact that says,
and I don't know what the hell this means.
Rogers!
Finally, some good music from you.
What does that mean?
I think that's a shot at your boy brand brand shows that you'd...
I'd play this.
I don't...
How many years has it been since I played any of that?
About 30 men.
I don't know.
That's all past say anyway.
I mean, that was a pretty interesting time about three years ago.
And at least people were interested in music.
And it was a lot of that stuff was popular.
And some pretty good stuff too.
But at any rate.
And actually people were buying CDs back then as opposed to just stealing them.
Well, we got that story on our website today about how if you think things are bad in the US?
Just take a puke at what's happening.
I hear it is,
US is only the tip of the power to music iceberg from New York Times.
Maybe they didn't put it on there.
I got it here.
We're Pikers.
It says, hang around any squigard in Germany or college campus in Indonesia becomes clear
that the recording industry's problems with the illegal online distribution of music in the US
pale beside the rampant piracy that goes on overseas.
From factories in Taiwan and eastern Europe that churn out counterfeits of these to teenagers
and Scandinavian Singapore who download songs from the internet and burn them underblanked this,
the line between legitimate and pirated music is all but vanished in many countries.
How do you like that?
I need that.
We're back.
Ready for round two.
There you go.
I don't have it, and I never did put it.
But I do have it on the CD.
Early morning yesterday.
Oh!
What's up with the folk song?
Another underweighting group don't get no privilege.
We have enjoyed the city.
And why not?
Did we put Pearl Jam on the list?
I just heard it.
Oh.
When I heard the facts I heard it.
How we underrated.
As a matter of fact, with little inspiration I just played a little bit over.
Oh, maybe that's the one I put in here, you think?
Maybe.
No, I didn't.
I know it was wrong.
It seemed like life was so wonderful.
Oh, my God.
Oh, with the beautiful magic on my heart.
Anyway, super-trapped, they're great, and nobody knows who the hell they are.
They're great.
Spectacular, outstanding.
If I could buy Stranger, it might be the greatest song of all time.
Well, from what I'm hearing.
5.670560.560 on the AT&T.
Other than the Beatles or the Rolling Stones, what's your all time favorite rock group?
If you tune in late, we got Joe Kassataba out there at Compuosam.
Eddie's got $1,000 already for a band of pay-rescue, doesn't he?
They got $390, $250,000 from Joe's parents themselves.
Well, thank you, Joe's parents.
They're the best.
They're great.
They're mentioned.
They are mentioned.
Right.
They're mentioned in the Guinness Book of Records.
They're phenomenal.
In fact, anytime we've done something, I guess his mom is a real dog lover.
Because then we do something before.
That's right.
When we...
That old lady was calling bugging me and then she kept pushing me and pushing me like,
how much money could she squeeze for that one little dog?
But anyway, Joe's mama also will kick in some cash.
They're great.
So $390 is a pretty good start out there for a band of pay-rescue.
Joe is at Compuosam, $1,270, western-rise Boulevard plantation.
Right by that, Michael's a trotian restaurant, and right behind the watch over your money bank.
All the best and the old stuff is there.
They got the Mohawar David Keychains, which I think are picking up.
And you can spin the wheel.
What?
They're worth picking up.
And you can spin the wheel from Harlem tickets and Grand Prix tickets as well.
With Joe, who of course is a big Grand Prix fan.
Aerosmith 31, Doris 29, Eagles 26.
It's a battle.
Let's definitely miss on there.
And they just...
They got forward.
They're sliding up there, fast.
Then Hayland 24, Metallica 18, the band 12.
That's the sleeper, when you say?
Yeah.
That's the a chigger in the wood pile.
Yeah, that's the wood pile.
Hello?
Thank you, Mr. Rock, I know.
Do we have any idea what that is?
I do like the video though, because you just flipped the bird to everybody.
Moody Blues X, who ate Beach Boys 8, ELO 6, Pink Floyd 6, Rush 5, 4 and 5, 4 and or another one.
They just...
Cars still only have four George.
Yeah, no.
I didn't go for anybody.
Let's see.
George is always telling me how bad my taste in music is.
I voted for Aerosmith.
They're leading with 31.
George voted for the cars they've got four.
No, I didn't.
I voted for the Eagles.
Oh, I just...
Let's definitely...
They just went on there.
Alan Parsons project, who...
It's got says it's a Fag Band.
Got four.
Three.
The Guess Who's Got Three.
Again, see the competition is so tough here.
That's why even great groups like Guess Who have only got three.
Super tram three.
Alan Parsons project, like I said three.
Simon and Garfunkel 2, 9-H's Nails has got one.
A big one.
And then from there on, it's a pretty lame.
The video you were just watching?
What?
The video you were just watching?
Yes.
I love that.
I love that.
I have about 80 song perities on that.
And what about it?
What?
What?
What about it?
That's the name of the band you were watching.
What?
What do you mean what?
What is the name of the band?
Good Charlotte.
Oh.
He's like another...
He's so little bit.
He's standing on Mumble just like George.
He had a good teacher.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
Pop 10s, counting down those cameos.
A video now that didn't make our list.
We're going to play it for you guys.
Anyway, you have to spot the cameo.
You have to name this guy.
It's Nelly, Fatta, up.
Did you say moving on up?
Oh, come on.
I said, you got to wear this since March.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, here's the first season somebody says.
Okay, for one of those Frankie Valley people, he has a wife also.
Let's see, four seasons.
Right?
Right?
Sure.
Listening online of Virginia.
Thanks for listening online of Virginia.
Thank you, Virginia.
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Somebody says yes.
You're right.
What about...
No, no.
That would be a good name for Rock Group.
We never had one.
Have we called No?
Well, if we got yes, why not have No?
We did have No, No, No, No.
Nobody but me, by the human beings.
We're not putting human beings on there, like a one-hit wonder.
Here's a call from Kendall.
She's only a year later, but that's okay.
That's all right.
How you doing, Uncle Neil?
Pretty good.
The greatest band ever, including the greatest magician and the group has the most slinger groups.
Yes.
The purple is great.
What's not to like?
Exactly.
Okay.
All right, thanks for waiting.
Thanks.
I realize a lot of these people are waiting on hold long time because we got a lot of heavy-duty stuff here.
America won't let me be a big deal.
A lot of pressure.
Look at the hanging around the skull.
I don't want to say no.
Yeah, they were a lame.
I'm sorry to say that because I love...
You know how much I love to guess who.
And Burton Cummings, I mean, just phenomenal.
But they weren't...
They just...
He didn't sound good.
He sounded...
He sounded like...
What?
An old man.
Oh, no.
He sounded good that happened.
Durand, Durand.
Well, something that'll get some votes.
Put them on there.
Nice hair, did nice do.
Right?
Spray.
And Gary Newman?
Not a banded individual.
We were doing it.
And it was a guy.
Yeah.
Gary Newman was like, one of them short people.
Was he?
Yeah.
Anyway, Gary Newman's not a band.
How are you?
Didn't we put Ariya in?
I told you.
We put Ariya in.
We just...
From radio for Europe to losing my religion to imitation of life.
Thanks again for playing a song a lot, a few years ago.
The WFM station down here would touch a song.
They weren't playing that?
They weren't playing the imitation of life?
I don't recall.
Ah!
Ah!
I'm going back to Amsterdam right now, man.
See, you cannot know anything about music when you live in the USA.
Nothing.
You'll tell me what.
You'll tell me what.
You'll tell me what.
You'll tell me what.
You'll tell me what.
You'll tell me what.
You'll tell me what.
You'll tell me what.
You'll tell me what.
You got much music on your Scott.
Sure.
Call the F gars!
Call the F gars!
Go and destroy your Toltog!
Let's look at like n kork!
They've done nothing but produced great records and performed out standing concert.
The addition to their fried-workers, social analysts, outstanding group, I think they'd
get plenty of support.
Thank you, Joe!
Nice going, Joe!
So, Yamama, REM, anybody don't like REM is probably like some straight asshole.
I'm in the local, this is my city. The radio's all yours now.
Thank you, REM.
Don't have a penis. I've never had one. I swear.
Guns N roses, polka! A one and a two and a three and a four!
When I look into your eyes, I can see a lovely stain.
But darling, when I hold you, don't you know I feel the same?
Because nothing lasts forever and we both know hearts can change.
And it's March of Polka, and the cold old member, REM.
Hey, polka!
Do you need some time on your own?
Do you need some time on the load?
Everybody need some time on the road.
Don't you know you need some time on the load?
Everybody come and come on, polka!
And when you're pure subside, that shadow still remains.
I know that you can love me when there's no one left to blame.
So never mind, then darkness, we still can find a way.
Because nothing lasts forever and even cold old member, REM.
No Vembrane, polka!
Guns N roses, polka!
POP!
POP!
POP!
It's a different thing in it.
The singer had an eight octave vocal range, the guitarist had the most identifiable and blistering wrist played.
They were the definitive rock band of the late 80s or early 90s.
They said the bar is so high nobody's even come close yet.
Unfortunately, drug and mental illness, the drugs mental illness took their toll and relegated them to an afterthought.
Please put guns and roses on the pole, says Tucker.
You got it Tucker, already said it.
Sweet, child of mine.
Here's one you can do a weather report on the talk up for.
Yeah, well done.
Okay.
On somebody says, by the way, are we out of gas?
Steely dance.
Do it well again.
Oh, okay.
We'll put it on there just to amuse you and it'll get some votes to aggravate me.
How about the small band from Toronto called Rush? Somebody said it's already on it.
Thank you.
We got a real two horse race going here so far, the best rock group of all time, other than the Beatles and Rolling Stones.
And the reason we say the name is because what's the point, right?
The whole point will leave it in a minute because it's a foregone conclusion.
It's supposed to now, but we got a good race going on between...
On the one hand and...
On the other.
Here's Bob Faxes and says, in case you missed the Obed in today's New York Times,
Herb Gardener playwright passed away.
Man, they're dropping like flies. Let me say it again.
I saw a thousand pounds on Broadway and thought Murray Burns was a role model for all the ages
and would cut my fancy in the Obed and I think you'll see the humor he was fired from the Bliss Display Company
where he carved wise men for inativity scenes for carving cross-eyed wise men.
All right.
Got a like that.
So Herb Gardener died and Robert Palmer died and who was the other one?
And somebody else...
You do it, I didn't.
No.
No, because he was an old horse.
So you wouldn't know it.
So there you go, they're dying, they're dropping like flies.
So enjoy it while you can.
It's our best advice, too.
There's a lot of people aren't going to be enjoying it.
Young people, too, they're showing pictures in memory now.
All these Americans, the soldiers who died for absolutely nothing over there in Vietnam.
That was a Freudian slip in Iraq or maybe that Afghanistan.
Eros Smith 32, Doris 31.
What a battle we got going man.
Nick and Nick knows to know.
It's a beautiful thing.
That's what Stevie said.
There's something wrong with the world today.
I don't know what it is.
Something's wrong with eyes.
All the people that you see, follow me.
Follow me down.
Follow the people that you see.
Let them breathe.
Follow me down.
You tell them they don't have to run.
We're going to kick up everyone.
I'm alone.
Yeah, I don't know about the face.
Oh!
Anyway, somebody says, you think I got it there?
I think you got it.
I think I'm like a hundredth of a second off.
Right, one frame.
In excess or as I once said on Zeta, inks, inks.
I really enjoyed inks.
But then Michael Hutchins kicked the cheer out from under zone feet.
So my nomination is inks.
Oops.
I hate when they do that.
Don't you think that it accident?
Was it on purpose?
No.
I used to know your fact number by memory says this fact's over today after voting on the pool looking over the website.
I got a big chocolate from the picture of Mr. Bush banging Benji.
I thought the dog's name was buddy.
I don't know.
No, buddy was a Clintons dog.
I guess.
Oh, blah blah wasn't.
He wouldn't see if he would have been banging buddy.
He'd have been better off than Monica.
I don't know if he wasn't.
It says, well, then I inadvertently put a facts because I committed the number to remember to you.
It went to power 96.
I completely embarrassed myself.
You're right about that, Jennifer.
I'd be embarrassed to be sent to them anything.
Please read your facts number over the air for people minded people like me.
It's 305-650-198.
305-650-198.
Hopefully the DJ and Power 96 read it over the air and have a few more listeners.
Love the show, it's Jennifer.
Thanks Jennifer and we got in excess.
We're getting caught up now.
We're trying to make a little progress here today.
We're tuned in late Howard Dean beat the pants off George W and today's presidential poll in the first hour.
Ted Kennedy beat him on Wednesday pretty comfortably.
Yes, today, in general, Wesley Clark walloped him big time and today, even Howard Dean, even a little bit more like around 70% kicked his ass into oblivion.
Look at that. It's a flat-footed tie, George.
I like that.
Is that incredible or what?
33 votes of peace.
Egos right under ass with 28.
How's Led Zeppelin doing?
This should be moving up for you at 21.
See? Told you.
We gave Led Zeppelin.
We had them give a handicap to everybody else because we know they'll be climbing up that stairway.
Oh.
The stairway to hell.
They'll be climbing it real fast.
I've got to see those winding staircases in Amsterdam.
Because they have so little land because it's mostly canals, you know.
And so the houses, they have all what they call the row houses.
They're like rows of them.
They're very narrow and the staircases are real, real narrow and many of them winding.
And wow.
Let me just tell you.
I know they're real big on you.
They're helping a little bit.
They're so hard over there from whatever substance of your choice.
But let me tell you one time there are many staircases.
The way I describe it is here's a staircase you can fall down once.
You know what I mean?
No.
Explain that to me.
In other words, you could fall down at once, but you'll never have a second chance.
I say.
Let's see what I mean.
Yeah.
There's no, there's no coming back from mold.
No.
And it's pretty bizarre.
19 to one at 560 QN.
Everybody and their brothers seems to be on a low carb diet today, whether it's the Atkins Rest in Peace, South Beach, Diet Sugar Busters, Susanne Summers,
that rip off bitch or countless others.
The one thing they all have in common is for you to eat the best tasting low carb sugar free foods.
A visit to Delights of West Bokeh in your search will be over.
What a great store for people on their low carb diets because everything in the store over a thousand products are for you.
They got bagels, bread, cheesecakes, muffins, brownies, chocolates, pastas, sauces, chips, dips, soups, ketchup, carbolite, ice cream and lots more.
And this month's new items, champion light drinks and five delicious flavors.
They're back, walnut brownies, black and sugar carb, southern light chocolate chip cookies and lots, lots more like crunchy pretzels by carbsense.
And don't forget at Delights of West Bokeh Atkins products are on sale all day every day and you can try any item in the store before you buy it.
They'll put every day seven days a week from 10 to 10 and you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market in Bokeh.
Not too far from Moza joint or column toll free at 1-877 Low Carb on the Web at SlowCarb.com.
Don't forget Delights of West Bokeh really is your official Atkins retail.
We're sports radio 560, QAM.
Yeah.
We dance like saces we sing like buses, but we must tell you we swear we're not gay.
If you want these outfits to class they would kick your ass.
We got less.
We swim with night gay.
We look like interior designer.
We sing like a bunch of pretty whiners, and push days.
Our agent says we gotta sing.
We swear we're not gay.
Our biggest fans don't swell your old girls who think we're as cute as we be.
Yeah, but as they get older they all think about we're hiding our latency.
One thing is for sure we get many joy.
We do we do we do.
Watch our clothes on the delicate side.
Go want to do more session with your Michael.
But today we think that the end better say we swear we're not gay.
I swear we're not gay.
You know what we say 248 and 560 and everything QAM.
What about the motley crew somebody says?
Okay motley crew and what about spirit?
Okay.
I just thought of that.
I'll send it.
I would play that.
I got a line I knew if I had it but it's down there somewhere.
Don't worry about it.
I love it.
That could be the best song of all time.
I got a line I knew I don't think so but it could be.
Of course anything could be.
34 and 34.
Flatfoot in Taiwan.
This could be.
This could be it.
I don't think so.
I'm pretty sure.
What about the gay guy old man?
30 time climax blues band.
Robin Crowley's the rock group.
I didn't send that.
Why?
No way.
Bad news.
Bad news.
Bad news.
Bad news.
I was back there in seminary school.
There was a person there who put forth the proposition that you can petition the lord with prayer.
No.
Petition the Lord with prayer.
Oh God.
Petition the Lord with prayer.
Oh right.
You cannot petition the Lord with prayer.
Nope.
No.
He knows he would be brighter.
Oh.
I think this is it.
This is the best song that I'm playing right now.
Is there any doubt about it?
I'm not sure.
I just got your plan.
I can forth and back.
That guy out there was manipulating it.
Erosmith 35, Doris 34, Van Halen 32, Eagles 28, Led Zeppelin 24, Metallica 20, the band 18,
there's the real sleeper man, and Rush 13, eight.
There's a lot of those right up there.
Moody Blues 12, Pink Floyd 11.
Let's see what I said.
It's up in the 24.
They kind of like stalled out a little bit.
Maybe they're out of gas.
Are we out of gas?
Yeah, we're out of gas.
Pink Floyd 11, the who 11 beats boys 9, ELO's got 7.
They need to be doing better than that.
ELO, they're great.
A little on the Arxie Fartsy side, ACDC6, 4 and 5.
Yes 5, Simon and Garfaco, and the guest who each have 5.
Nirvana's got 4, 4.
You know what I haven't played any of that?
And I won't.
The cars still have 4, George.
Yeah.
What do they know?
U2 has got 3.
Bruce Springsteen, the E3 band 3, also 3, Supertramp,
Alan Parsons project, Faggot's.
Are they Fags?
I don't know.
Well Scott seems to be in a way.
He knows all the Fags, probably personal.
Ranch is got 3 already.
Nine in Snails, a pair of Pearl Jam 2 and 1 for a band.
REM's only got 1 vote.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
All these heterosexualists out there, they're afraid.
They're afraid that if they voted for REM somebody
be looking over their shoulder and would discover that.
Probably would, especially if maybe John Ascroft did it.
Then you can put like one of them blankets right over your front door
like he did over the bus down at Stancho.
He'd bust you.
Here's a call from Miami Beach.
Hello.
Miami Beach.
I was just thinking we haven't had a call from Miami Beach in about 100 years
and obviously not one here either.
Dead? Dead on a beach.
Okay, dead in the water.
Maybe I didn't punch it up.
Let me try it again.
Miami Beach.
Deal.
Yes sir, there was-
I was there, I was there.
Okay, I'm sorry.
You know, I heard a couple days ago that the report coming out
in a few weeks about actually no weapons of mass destruction, no traces.
If I recall correctly, wasn't it earlier this year that Bush was saying
Savon needs to-
Disarm.
Disarm, thank you.
Disarm.
Disarm.
Disarm.
If there was nothing to disarm, then where does that put our president?
In deep doo-doo.
Yeah, maybe-
Yeah, I can't believe that, you know, first it was nuclear-
You put them back on a ranch in Texas after next January.
Chemical and biological weapons, then it was this, and it was all-
Right.
And once, you know, then it was-
All a pack of lies, man.
All a pack of lies to fight a war that they decided on four years before they ever started it.
Exactly, but what did-
Do these people actually-
A must think that the people of this country are pretty stupid.
Well, wait a minute, when you say must think 69% of the people two weeks ago said
that Sodom was involved in 9-11.
And then-
And then even after Rumsfeld and Bush came on said, no, there's nothing to indicate that.
And then probably still 50% believe it, no matter what they tell them.
I think as most of the people in this country sit there and get older,
there's 10 seconds of news from the talking head network that they don't need.
Right.
For no-
Certainly not news network.
Whatever the talking head's telling, that's what they believe in.
Right.
That's what they said.
It said, this country's going down the toilet.
You got it.
Let me add something to your poll.
The greatest feel-good groups of 70s.
Tons and tons of great hits.
Wings.
Wings.
And on the run, Jed, all these great songs.
Right.
Hi, hi, hi.
See, I know we're going to be able to be able to live somewhere, yeah.
What about the Bee Gees? Is that a rock group?
Bee-
Of course!
Is that a rock group?
Are you-
Are you shmitting me?
It's so hard to choose just one, because I tell you what, yellow,
that's one of the greatest bands ever.
It absolutely is.
And they-
It is so hard!
Maybe you can give me 10 seconds of satisfaction with Strange Magic.
Okay, great to-
Thank you, sir.
You're going to be playing any stones today.
Oh, boy.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T.
We're going to have dead flat foot inside the doors.
Doors.
You can fall asleep.
36, arosmith.
36.
36.
Van Hillon, 32, Led Zeppelin.
Oh, now there they go.
29, I told you.
Mm-hmm.
They're coming from behind in the stretch like crypto clearance to put
not a big run.
Remember crypto clearance?
Who?
Eagles 28, Metallica 21.
Remember crypto clearance in the mud just eating up the ground, just swooping by the competition.
I sure hope they don't send him to Japan.
Like Alishiba.
Or he'll wind up.
Come back little Alishiba, please.
Wasn't that a movie with what's your name, the Shirley Temple?
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and wireless.
And whatever that other thing is.
Jim Manage a two to hopper at four.
The day wants that show at five.
Marlins are decked seven.
And then a Marlins will pinch the wild card against them at 735 at PPP Park tonight.
I am low.
This is sports radio fights.
You way, yeah.
Fuss it.
Yo, yo, yo, it's the one to two hour.
Yeah, boy.
Three.
Now you know why I never play that one.
I'll either.
I'll get low.
Show.
Or but still I think I'm twenty three.
I know David.
I bow eighty two.
And I've got to keep my teeth held in with two.
Yeah, I'm so aged.
But I can still keep rocking you.
Robert Commerce Dad, George Clinton is dead.
Herb Gardner is dead.
Ted Williams is still on ice.
Man, it's getting really bad.
You know what?
They're just dying all over the place.
I'll tell you who else is dead.
When some loud ragger tried to do that.
Dennis Wilson is still dead.
Yeah.
He carls, he's still dead.
Yeah.
Brian Navy, but nobody's told him that.
I'm from there not doing too well.
I'm just wondering what's going on in the state.
Hey, hey, take your weight.
It's okay.
It's okay.
It's okay.
It's okay.
I'm coming to Beach Boys.
They're doing so marginal ten votes.
And you know that ACDC is going to pass them like they're sitting on their ass like Brian's
back in bed with his teddy bear again.
Yeah, I'm not buying that band thing in the Beach Boys down there on that list.
What?
The band is way up on the list.
The Beach Boys are way down there.
The hooties are way down there.
Oh yeah, the band.
I don't know what that's all about.
How about the weight?
I'm trying to lose some.
How about you?
That's great.
How about the weight?
They had one hit.
What's that was the name of that?
The weight?
That was the name of the song too.
The weight and the group was the weight.
That's an interesting thing.
Songs and band.
How about a bad company?
By bad company.
Right?
Yeah.
Talk to your brother.
Talk, talk.
How about surf at the road by the Beach Boys?
Or then it was always bow-diddly by bow-diddly.
I get around, I get around, I get around.
I get around, I get around.
I get around, I get around.
I get around, I get around.
My club still alive is anybody here?
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, join George Tomorrow from 11am on at Bill's Saturday.
Samusaman is going to be at Bill's Saturday.
It's going to be a full-body savings.
Samusha guy.
Bill's Saturday is full of our savings on Northwest 36th Street just west of 27th Avenue,
which means more easy cash for George.
He'll just hang around, eat some of the free food from the next city subs,
because he gets there first.
And he'll have the best meal stuff.
Plus, plus, plus, I'm going to eat prizes.
And free of landings to these subs.
What a sense of humor.
He writes out the s-h, words like, I'm going to go ahead and read it.
No way, I may be getting real, real old.
They may have told me I was a senior citizen at the bank the other day,
but nevertheless, I still got it.
Now, how's Joe Costello doing, do we know?
They've given away so many marlins tickets you wouldn't even believe it.
And they're still at 390.
That's a joke, right?
No, it's not a joke.
That ought to be a joke, but it's not.
They had 390, like by 120, because most of it came from mom and dad Costello.
Correct.
So they're not ricking in anything for the best meal.
You people are the cheapest bunch of bastards.
Not all of you, just most.
There's a few, you know,
3rd man.
Yeah, who are reaching their pocket and come up.
You know, I'd hate to be an abandoned cat or dog right now.
I'd say that because if I had a count of the people of South Florida,
I'd probably have to go like a panhandling.
I'm good at it.
Well, you better right hit the road because they're sure not going to help you out either.
This is sad.
Are you making that up just now?
No, it made me resent you.
This is not a bogus location either.
This is a Comp USA,
12170 West sunrise Boulevard plantation at a little strip shopping center,
where it would be behind the bedding place that used to be Boston Market,
right kitty corner from Circuit City,
and right kitty corner from Watchover, you money bank.
The best in the LCDs cassettes and the more Howard David did,
the highly outtouted, and vauded, and desired key chains.
They're there.
And then you can spin the wheel for Marlon tickets and grand prix tickets.
So the same thing is the other day at the Broward Convention Center.
A lot of people come in spinning, they want their free Marlon tickets.
Are they giving anything for charity?
Do they care about our freaking CDs or the key chains?
No.
A Pox on that crowd.
That's the best I can say.
A Pox on you.
Okay.
I'm speechless.
I can't even believe that.
That 45 minutes later, there has been one person come in there and cough up a dime.
No, but they're wrapped around the van for those tickets.
Are they really?
Yeah, that's what he said.
Here's Pompato Beach. Hello.
You're high now.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I've got an addition for your list.
Okay.
Emerson Lake in Palma.
Emerson Lake in Palma.
Yeah, they're pretty good.
They're pretty good.
Marlon Lake in Palma.
Yeah, they're pretty huge with the group for their time with the synthesizers.
And the call, call, call, call was a heck of a percussionist.
And the red lake was a, like, around the Waldo, Emerson.
Me too.
Anyway, I just want to ask you something.
I want to make a contribution to band and rescue.
Can I now check in to you people?
We're excited to watch hang out one second and I'll scuttle to the house.
I appreciate that.
We appreciate it. Thanks a lot.
Okay.
Okay, put him on hold there online too for you.
So they're wrecked.
Now see, here's the interesting part of this.
See, the people who are wrecked around a Q&A van, they're not just people who happen to be like in the vicinity
and they saw the van sitting there, you know, and then from all of a, I'll see what's going on over there.
No, these are people who are listening to this radio show right now.
Right.
Have been listening at least for a part or all of a show since 10 o'clock this morning.
And they knew exactly where Joe was.
They knew where Miguel was.
They knew where the van was and they made a b-line over there when they heard me say,
spin the wheel for Marlon tickets and grand pre-tickets.
Free.
Spin the wheel.
Right.
That's the part that really just sticks in my...
Break them.
Craw.
Just enough to really piss off the freaking Pope who's feeling a little bit better today and had a really good ball movement, even better than Boog's Shambi.
That's what he said.
He said, went in doubt, I'm...
Shubbing it out.
Aerosmith 39, the Doris 38, Led Zeppelin 35, Van Halen 32, Eagles 28, Metallica 23, the band 18.
There's the real, real suspect.
Rush 16, Pink Floyd 13, Moody Blues 13, The Who 11, Beach Boy still have 10 George, even after I played a middly of...
I got a fan of new taste where the kids are here.
That.
ACD, oh just changing again, maybe the Beach Boy's are making a little more progress.
We're pulling for you guys.
They got 11 now.
See?
11.
The Who's got 11?
ACDC 90, L-O-8, yes, 8.
No.
Simon and Garfunkel 6, U2's got 5, 4 and 5.
The guests who 5, Nirvana 4, the cars have 4.
They've been stuck on 4 for...
They can't open the door.
They're stuck on 4.
Bruce Springsteen, the East-Eat Band 4, he can't sing for Schmidt.
Alan Parsons Project 3, Pearl Jam 3, Super Dramp 3, Police 3, Rancid 3.
Steady Dan 3, they're out of gas.
Grateful Dead, Chicago, Queen 3.
And everybody else has got like, how's R-E-M doing? Still with 2.
And I'm the one that's supposed to have bad taste. Who are you people out there, kiddin' huh?
Right.
390 bucks, they're not a dime in the last 45 minutes.
And the QA in Bane, which I say.
Well, we got our data's far, it's a proof, the hammer just stands down.
Apox, Anya.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Now the US soldier killed him for a coup, by the way this morning case you missed that.
Sounds cookie.
They're dying over there every day.
And we had that debate yesterday.
I thought Wesley Clark was okay. I didn't think he was dynamic.
I didn't think he was, you know, anything special.
But he was okay.
He didn't fall down.
I heard his performance on Meet the Press was simulating.
That's what Tim Russell said.
So what he said with that red paste, the Irish face of his.
Here's a call from Tampa.
They've been under an awful long time and I apologize profusely. Hello.
That's okay. How you doing now?
Pretty good.
Thank God for streaming on the Internet.
You were talking about the band you put on a list.
No one's brought this band up yet.
You want to talk about 70's and you got to put sticks on the list.
Sticks.
God, that's amazing.
I'll sign it on there right now.
We'll sign it on right as you speak.
I know somebody said put van Halen on, but you got to put an asterick.
You have to put van Halen without Sammy Hagar.
Not van Hagar.
You got to have van Halen.
Well, that's what they're voting for.
Yeah, that's what they're voting for.
And don't put, yeah, were you putting boy bands on there?
Yeah, we put a couple on there just for little punky kids.
Now, you know, we talk about putting the brown eye on the straight guy, man.
These fans are, uh, that's not rock.
Yeah.
But, uh, anyway, doing a great job.
I learned you.
I'm saying God for a good game.
Thank God for the streaming up here.
We can get some good.
Amen. God bless America, man.
Have a great day.
It's in the pooper and tampus.
All right.
Bye.
What do you say, Jean Cooper's in the pooper?
Caca.
That's what he said.
Eros Smith is still one ahead.
39 38 over the doors.
Boy, Jim Morrison will be so depressed.
All right.
I think we can forget about the beat boys.
I think they're done.
Well done.
Beneath the home.
Out there.
Beneath the home.
That's what Beneath was said.
Wild child.
Oh, I'm afraid.
First, remember Beneath, he was hanging there in a room.
That's what's got to.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Marvelous Line.
And here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how about you doing the Louis and the news?
Get it right on there, George.
Yeah.
The gooey Jews and the gooey Jews and the Jews.
You're doing the gooey.
Yeah.
Gooey Jews and the with a news.
Don't be putting here we Lewis on there.
Oh, very upset.
Let me see.
The beat boys up to 12 now.
See?
The each boys are up to 12.
They were like right on the moody blues ass.
The band, my team, we're keeping our eye.
I got my eye peeled on that thing.
Real, real close.
Mad dogs coming up at two, the Humper at four.
We got any more money out there.
Would you like to sell or not?
Because I'm not.
I'm going to.
Huh?
Haven't had an update yet.
Since.
I really, I just can't believe it.
I just can't.
I can't see the thing the other day at the Broward Convention said the excuse was all
while it's inside.
They got a pay admission to get in.
And it's a place where only the computer nerds are going.
And the audio, audio, the parkage and a per tree.
This is right there at CompUSA.
I've shopped there many times.
I go in there like it encourages stuff like that.
You know, uh, right in the West Sunrise right there in my hood, right in plantation, right in the
eighth right.
That should be all our crowd out there.
That should be all our people out there.
And for last 52 minutes, we've got squat is what we got.
We got squat.
We're squatting.
I'm taking it up.
Squat is right to myself right now.
I'd be embarrassing if they did better yesterday, eight hundred at the wherever they are.
You know something.
I don't think it's even going to be a contest.
We're still 30 90 and 250 was from mommy and daddy.
Castello.
They did 800 yesterday down there in the Adams belt down in nose picking because we went
and held down the under.
What was that?
A doodahs or someplace like that?
I don't know.
Card sound road.
I think they were at.
Yeah.
Like Ronnie on the tip of the keys that were on Alabama jacks.
Jesus.
Kate Christ.
And they got 390 bucks.
And most of it's like an inside job.
So if you people don't come through by two o'clock, I think.
I think we're going to like, I'll go on strike.
Right in local.
We're sports radio five sixty two and you.
A.M.
Come on, come on, come on, come on.
Now taxi, babe.
Uncle San Hatoa, I'm mommy that I made.
All right.
And while you added all the pain.
You adding soaks to injury.
Just take my firstborn baby.
Now I'm taking the duck chun.
Now the old big gang.
I'm going to find some tax look holes.
Just to make those really talls pissed.
The IRS.
Come on, come on, come on, now tax, be babe.
Tax my dog, tax my pick and two pay.
Tax my patience, tax my sanity.
And I'm going to lose it anyway.
Why ain't gold this team that credit day.
The interesting part of what a bunch of free loading front running phoneies we have in South Florida is.
Remember a month ago maybe it wasn't this season, maybe it was last year.
We tried to give Marlon tickets away on the year.
Oh yeah, couldn't give them away.
No, couldn't give them away.
Earlier this year.
Absolutely no interest.
Out of parrots this year.
Right.
And that's right.
And if I could remember you told me the one thing people were giving you Marlon tickets.
Right.
Try to have you give them away.
Now all of a sudden we're trying to raise money for a really good charity with our usual nifty merchandise.
That we come up with.
And instead it's like, oh they're all lined up about five miles all the way to the goddamn sub-race.
Because they want to spend the deal.
Marlon tickets in the grand pre-tickets.
He called in an update an interesting story.
Yes.
Some old bag showed up to get her free whatever it was.
Oh.
And he tried to push the CD.
Oh, I meet in your rags.
Really?
Yeah, so she heard you.
You guys see a rags.
Well, where the hell did she hear about this?
She didn't hear any play stuff on the station.
Yeah, huh.
You miserable nasty old bitch.
I sure hope he didn't give her nothing but a kick in the ass.
And she, and he said, well, what about the dogs?
Forget your rags.
What about the little dog?
I hate you.
Yeah.
Well, we hate you too, bitch.
Four ten.
How much?
Four ten.
Four ten.
That's like one CD.
That's twenty bucks.
Right.
Or a keychain.
Absolutely.
That means that they've raised today 160 bucks.
Right.
In an hour and twenty minutes.
160 bucks.
This is the last year we're doing this.
With all the respect to abandonment, I would just...
It's just as simple to me.
I can write them my check for the ten grand every year.
Just direct to them and that's it.
Save the grief.
Right.
What's the play going through all this exercise
into all of this work?
And by the time you take away the expense and the cost of everything,
what the hell are we going to have left?
This is the most embarrassing town in the history of mankind.
The cheapest, the most freeloadingest, nasty rottenest,
do nothing, give nothing people.
Not all of them, just about 90%.
Yep.
Four ten.
Because I know that location like the goddamn heal of my foot.
That's a busy bustling inner life.
There's tons of parking all over there.
There's all kinds of businesses there.
It's a commercial area.
But I'm so out of the way.
Heavy, heavy duty, busy, busy place.
Not a slum.
Four hundred and ten bucks, two fifty from Mommy and Daddy Castella.
160 bucks an hour, twenty minutes.
You people are an embarrassment of disgrace.
You really are.
Free...
I oughta know what it's all about because I've been in South Florida a long time.
About thirty, man.
Yeah, then you're thirty years on a year.
I know at freebies and early bird dinners.
That's it.
It's never gonna change.
Why should I expect it to change?
The only thing is it's getting tighter and tighter and tighter in terms of people coming
to lose with a few bucks.
Anyway, I'm not going to get started about it because what am I going to do?
What's the point?
We did our part.
Did our damn thing, people showed up there.
They were trying, you know, and then...
I want to say this to you right now.
I don't want in the future.
I don't want to be lumped in with all this other crap with the...
It was spinning the wheel for free this way.
You got your regular appearance tomorrow at Bill Sydles and you have the merchandise there on the side.
Because you're going to be there anyway.
Sure.
And you do those deals all the time.
It's not much of a guy.
It's not what you're going to be.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
But as far as doing these van hits and everything, no.
We never used to do that anyway.
See, this is part of the thing that's porking me off this year is that now we're in, of course,
the response would be, well, but this is to draw a lot more people there because we have free stuff.
Well, the free loaders aren't going to cough up any money for charity.
All that does is just clog up the works.
That's all.
It accomplishes absolutely nothing for a band-in-peat rescue or for the efforts that we're putting out or anything at all.
It's counterproductive.
So stick it under the counter.
Okay.
Somebody says no doubt.
It says so you can play a drop.
No.
Yeah, as in doubt.
No.
This is how you already voted.
So I'm not curious if you put them on.
No, wait, I'll put them on.
I thought it was going to do it.
I said, now this other facts from Vic and I was just, he must be psychic or I am because I was just about to talk about this.
See, you get into the definitions.
Now he says, I guess I may be one of the few actually gets the poll questions because of the way they're worded.
I know you in Georgia got to rip me a new one, but you may have to do a lot more ripping than you would imagine.
If your list wouldn't be so extensive to include such marginal crappy bands, I wouldn't even bother it, but please.
And rock bands, they're all more pop than anything else.
See, the definition of rock, I was just thinking about that.
It's all subjective.
Right.
Like people used to listen to she or what that was before magic one or two point WK, whatever that was.
That was rock, see.
But rock music, the Beatles are rock, the Beech Boys are rock, boy bands can be rock.
It's all encompassing.
Rock and roll is a whole bunch of things.
And it's been, the people who think that rock and roll means hard rock.
Well, you know, too bad.
In addition to which, I don't even know what this point is here.
If your list wouldn't be so extensive to include such marginal crappy bands, I wouldn't even bother it.
What?
What does that mean?
I don't know.
I mean, you know what bands are on their own right?
So what?
Yeah.
I don't know any, is there a crappy, really a crappy band on here?
I mean, yeah, there's some boy bands on there just for kicks for the kids, for the four little girls we got.
But I mean, other than that, are there really any crappy bands on this list?
I don't see any.
Do you?
No.
Outside of the ones you just mentioned.
No, seriously, I mean, setting those three or four aside.
Well, I can't stand Motley crew personally, but that's just me.
But nobody would say there are crappy bands.
You know, there are crappy bands.
There I just said it.
So you do here you go again.
What do we only got $410?
They don't like you.
430.
No, it looks like $124.
Oh, $430.
Yeah.
Oh, and they're outside, so there's no excuse at all.
They could just drive by and get the stuff.
Yeah, the guys doing the killer outside.
Now they're outside of the van.
They've come out there.
They're standing in a rain, which is probably not raining.
In fact, let me take a look at that.
Maybe that's an excuse, you think?
How can that be an excuse if they were lined up around the van for the guy named Femarland tickets?
It sounds like a pretty lame excuse to me.
Three loaders, bandwagon jumpers, front-running ponies.
What a horse ball placement.
Makes me so glad that I'm here with real freaking people.
Carmel Stalkato had four home runs last night, but there was only 13,000 to see him at the sky.
Don't look at that.
Nevertheless, the rain's gone.
Rain is not on there.
The rain is off El Nata, La Mapa.
It's all out in the Atlantic.
Look at that.
There isn't a drop of rain on my radar here.
You see it?
Can you see it?
No.
It's all in the ocean, man.
There's nothing.
So that's no excuse.
There's no rain.
There's no snow.
There's no sleep.
There's no rain or snow.
There's just Miguel and Joe.
How do you like that?
A new people, Mlow, most of you.
Few good ones.
About 30, man.
Although 30 would be like times 20.
That would be 600, so not even that.
In other words, we've raised 180 bucks.
See, that's a deal.
Everybody sit back and let somebody else do it.
Let Duff come in with a nice check, which he did this morning.
Thanks again, Duff.
Let somebody else cough up the bucks.
What?
I was coughing.
Oh.
You're getting choked up about it?
Yeah.
No point.
No use.
No use.
No doubt.
26 past 1 at 560 WQM.
The mad dog will be along at 2 o'clock.
All you, all you phony, phony, phony, front running, phony's man.
Who the hell are you, kiddin'?
Oh, we're standing in the rain out here.
We're so wound up with the Marlins in here, right?
Right.
Let me say it again.
We couldn't give the tickets away.
If we put a $5 bill along with a paper clip with each ticket,
maybe we might have been able to give more.
But probably we'll want it at 20.
Oh, can't you make it 50?
Times are tough now, you know?
430 bucks.
Right there in the middle of plantation acres.
Right there on sunrise boulevard.
A stone throw from my house.
In fact, I think I might during the break call the house,
and with instructions for a birch this day are coming,
in your direction.
You cheap, cheap, tightwads, man.
Just enough to make my blood curdle.
Enough to make me sit off on a goddamn floor
or eating my curds in way.
A lot.
27 past 1 a.m.
Hey, if you want to plunge your guts out,
see that you don't have no problem with that.
You don't want to give the charity.
You want to help out poor little starving homeless dogs and cats.
But when it comes to plunging your guts out,
the sky's the limit, man,
because you're much into generic gamblers.
If you want to do that,
VIPsportsbook.com is who you ought to be trusting your money
too because of the oldest and largest sportsbook
in the Netherlands,
100% legal and licensed as well.
Call VIPsportsbook today,
tool 3 at 1, 866,
VIP bets,
VETS, their South Florida's best in the universe.
Sign up, nagging bet,
all the South Florida football and basketball teams,
juice free, all year long.
You want a bet on the dolphins,
it's just 100 to 100.
You want a bet on those huracuns,
it's 100 to 100.
So forget about the big,
rhymes with big.
All South-Habes get a 20% cash bonus,
not some funny matchplay bonus either.
VIPsportsbook.com,
that's where to look them up online
and find out all about it.
Or call them tool 3 at 1, 866,
VIP bets.
Be sure and mention your head about it here on
QAM home of the Cheapskates,
that's 1, 866 VIP bets,
VIPsportsbook.com,
or you are the VIP.
My,
and Nicole,
this is Sports Radio 560,
you weigh them way in.
Hi there, you bastard.
If I would stick my tongue down your throat,
would we read it on the front page?
Girl, you girls don't satisfy your eyes,
just like a triad you want to bring your lips and range.
Need a t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t
I'm gonna die before it but I like him
But I know that someone died before it but I like him
I like him, yes I do
And I kill, but only before it but I like him
Only then before it but I like him
Only then before it but I can't you say
That this old boy has been a lonely
Yeah, I'm sad I know
And Jerry's good for show but she's not like him
Only then before it but I know
Which only likes to go when I like him
Only then before it but I know
We were dancing in the sheets and then we liked that
133 and 560, I'm gonna do it 27 til 2
I'll take it one thing if they can't get to like 7, let's see 5 here will be what?
650, how much do they give 250?
They're at 540 right now
Okay, so we're supposed to give 250 though right?
Right
540 so that means 290 we've got from the general area
The audience out there, the vast listing audience
And of course somebody would say well maybe nobody's listening to your show anymore
That's why K-Way
Well if that's the case where all those free-loaders out there wrapped around a van
Up the goddamn sawdress all the way to West Palm Beach
Beyond Delray Beach all the way up there to goddamn Stewart who are those people?
Who incidents they just have?
Just the coincidence they just happen to be in the hood
Sandy said hi by the way
Who? Sandy your neighbor came by?
Oh hi Sandy
But to make a long story short
Bottom line is men the overwhelming majority of people
They know what it would lift a finger for anything
If it's free it's me
That's the motto no wonder remember want of gravitating to self-order
Okay, it was like a magnet
If it's free it's me there you go
Perfect place for them
Land of the cheap the desperate the destitute and whatever else
So 540 so 250 and 500 will be we got to get to 750 or I'm not going to put up with it
I'm not going to sit still for it
I'm going to roll on the floor and agony
You hear what I'm saying?
Agony?
We have 540 we need another 210
Because that would mean we raised 500 which is pretty piss-forward two hours
But at least that would make it worth their while being there right
Right?
We pay for the gas for the van
Here's a call from Pompano hello
Hello Neil
Yes sir
Great show but I'd like to vote for Creedence Clearwater Revival
I'm so sorry
Why?
I just overplayed on Zeta it was a personal thing I can't stand him
Overplayed
But they were great
Yeah
It was a dynamic material carol
Rolled on the douche bag
Okay have a great day Palli thank you
CCR get him on here
The personal thing Pete Bolger played him until they were like coming out of all of your speakers
Even when the station was off the area could hear CCR rolling rolling
Non-seating
They were proud Mary
Doris have moved ahead 46
Let's hear it for Jim Morrison okay does there's all a credit in the world
For being a drunk
Doris 46, Aerosmith 42, Led Zeppelin 41
I told you did I tell you?
Haha!
Hey give all these other guys a running start and buy it like another hour
They'll be down the road carrying a heavy load
On that stairway to Hill van Halen 37, Eagles 30
Metallica 26, Pink Floyd 23, The Band 19
Oh the wait
Rush 18, Beach Boys 14, Moody Blues 13, ACDC 12, The Who 12, Yes 10, Everybody Else
Single digits including Queen
Let's see how's the Ariam doing
They still two votes
Still two votes for REM
Well they don't like that Michael Steip you know he's a little bit on me
Minsing side
Here's Hollywood hello
Well listen to that buzz
Good hum job online for doing Hollywood
I'm sorry I would have talked to you with your hum is too loud
Don't hum so loud
Here's Davy hello
Hello
Yes sir
Hey Neil I got an easy solution for your problem out there
Yeah
Tell Joe and Miguel not to let people spin the wheel unless they buy something
Yeah you want to see people come flying out of their fast
That's a way to do it
All the free loaders you can tell them I'm going to the game tonight
I got a novel idea I actually bought my tickets
Alright
Alright
Here's the guy that actually paid for tickets
And the blood sweat and tears on there
Good choice
Alrighty
David Clayton and Stevie Thomas
Okay thanks Balli
Have a good time
Marlon's Clinton I got blood sweat and tears
Yep
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
And Neil can I have a one-demog 30 years of his crap man
Can I have something anything please if the piece of paper
Yeah I'll give you a piece of paper okay
Stick it in there deep okay
I might clean up that old brown eye
Here's West Palm Beach hello
Hey Neil how you doing man
Pretty good sir
Sweet I got one I'm 30 years old about 30
Uh, when I was going up 30 man
I know when I was going up how about Abba
Abba oh my god how can we leave them off there
like world flaming.
Yeah, I thought they were kind of cool.
I didn't know the question.
Any chance you guys can play that defense contractor drop today?
I used to work for a well-known defense contractor.
When you're on the defense contractor drop?
Yeah, well, that's a bit.
Is the Bocabriar is that on the CD?
My chance, sir.
What was it called, George?
Defense contractor.
It's called defense contractor?
I think I threw it over defense.
No, I got it.
We'll get it on, pal.
What about an idea to raise some money?
How about taking some individual drops?
People can donate what they want, stuff like that?
Put them on a site and then people can download them for $1.
They can donate whatever they want.
What time is your show on, man?
This is the best comedy I've heard in a long time.
Every day we get a band.
Have them donate whatever they want.
Hey, here's some Marlon tickets.
How much would you folks like to donate for these?
Huh?
Yeah.
Well, I mean, yeah.
Here's some good stuff.
Whatever you want to donate, how much would you like to give?
Oh, Zipety Doodah.
How much we got by the way?
Did he call in yet?
Not lately.
Not since I gave you the other five whatever way.
Maybe we got a big rush on out there.
Maybe rush to perform.
Maybe they're real busy these two guys.
So, Joe and Miguel, maybe they're busy like with each other.
My and Lowell, this is 440560.
Way to A.M.
Here are the lyric you requested, sir.
Thank you, brothers.
Thank you, brothers.
Here.
I am a big defense contractor.
Obstantig Kristian, corporate boy.
Here.
I am a greedy thinking bastard.
Who's looking forward to a war?
Another old one is what I must get.
I only concerned with my father's mind.
Let's start a war and start blasting.
Don't care how many have to die.
It's trucks like me who put that kid in office.
And I'm expecting a return.
Now finally, with Rubb's build working for us.
Now we can build as the eye.
I am a big defense contractor.
I am the harbinger of death.
I corporate image I have mastered.
But when I am home, I must do best.
That I always wear a dress.
What's that line of dinner?
So many, brothers.
Do I sound like Carol Italy?
That was more than the govern, sir.
Oh, from the Tarzan movie.
146.560.
I think only I played that once as a matter of fact.
I'm going to say you requested it.
I love it.
I played all the time.
A lot.
So what's the new number now?
700.
Well, let's see.
We're starting to make some leaps and bounds.
That's not bad.
Now what did I say we needed to get to 500 for the day 740, right?
Right.
So that's like one CD and one more Howard David and Keach.
Piece of cake, right?
I think I'm going to sue that.
Get with it out there at the CompUSA 12170 Westonrise Boulevard plantation.
Right by Michael's Italian restaurant.
And right by watch over your money bank and right by circuit city.
Right, you know where the hell it is.
Every single one of you knows where that is.
There isn't anybody, even a people in Tampa listening on the Internet.
The people listening in Fredericksburg, Maryland, in Alexandria, Virginia.
They know where the hell it is.
Oh, but can't we get a one-demug with a two-neil?
Can't we get a free one-demug and a few marlin tickets and some passes to Pompato Park?
It's free admission and parking at Pompato Park.
You cheap old bitch.
You cheap bastards you.
God!
No wonder everybody hates soft Florida like poison.
Like it's no one they're all standing online at the early bird dinner.
They're standing at the rascal house stealing the pickles and shoving the coleslaw into their bags
with a goddamn hair in the denture cream.
What kind of a goddamn place is that?
A festering place for dead people is what it is.
Here's Miramar. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm going to be quick. I'm at work.
Please.
How about B-52?
How about it?
And then they're pretty good.
I saw them down at the Gorabalroom years ago.
Wow.
Yeah.
You got it, man.
It's on here.
Thanks.
Got it. B-52s.
Got it.
Was listening to him this morning.
Really?
George was listening to the B-52s and treason fours and five.
Five six seven oh five sixty.
Pound five sixty.
The Doris forty eight.
Led Zeppelin forty four.
Eros Smith forty three.
Now it's a few worse race.
Now that Led Zeppelin we got him on there.
We waited a little while.
Helled him back.
And then we threw him into the mix.
Van Halen thirty seven.
Eagles thirty three.
Metallica twenty six.
Pink Floyd twenty five.
The band and rushed twenty of these.
The band, my ass.
Yeah.
What they all up.
Beach boys.
Beach boys fifteen.
They're starting to make a little move.
They pulled Brian and the British said Brian, time to get up.
Sweetheart.
Time to get out there and to make the big run.
And they got the runs.
Fifteen.
Moody Blues fourteen.
Who fourteen?
ACDC thirteen.
Also double digits for Bruce Springsteen.
East Street band eleven.
And yes, eleven.
And also the only ones in double digits right now.
One thing about Bruce Springsteen.
Accounting for.
Exactly.
Couldn't say better myself sweetheart.
One forty eight at five sixty WQA.
And we got the mad dog coming up at two.
The Humper at four.
The big ball game.
The wild car clinching game against the match.
Seven o'clock pregame and seven thirty five game time tonight.
Right down the street.
They're a P.P. Park.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yeah.
Neil, I just trying to find out some information.
If I wanted to donate five percent of that $1,000 for the
your charity at the 3am or the event that rest you give you.
A cash form for right off.
I'd like to do it through my business.
They will.
They will.
They will.
They will.
They will.
They will.
Absolutely.
Can I get another one again for you?
Hang on.
And thanks in advance by the way.
It's online too.
See all I'm very some people.
We got a lot of very nice.
Well, few.
I don't want to say a lot.
A small percentage of the people down there.
I mean, I understand times and tough.
And a lot of people are out of work and people don't have two nickels to rub together.
But they sure had the gas money to get over to get the free tickets.
So that's kind of interesting.
But at any rate.
But we have a few nice people.
And that's what we have to count on is because you know, the chunks 1,000 here and
500 there and you know, the chunks.
You know the kind of chunks I'm talking about.
Yeah, like that.
Chewy chunks.
Chewy chunks.
That's the best kind.
Here's a call from beautiful prestigious jury after coconut creak.
Hello.
How's it going, Neil?
Pretty good, sir.
How are you?
Good place to really go to.
To really move a lot of that stuff.
Like anywhere.
I'm sorry.
Anywhere north of Boka.
Because brown and data is just like filled with people that are just having.
They're hurting, man.
They have no money.
They got no life.
North of Boka?
Yeah.
I mean, think about it.
Like Stuart?
No, no, just like Boka.
West Palm.
I would even say like Budalatho.
Budalatho.
You know, you know, with the downtown of Florida where we're
brown and like federal, I mean, where there's office buildings.
As a lot of people listen to you or work and you know.
And people who are living out in West Brown or anything,
South of Boka is kind of like dark sort of speaking.
No, no need.
You know what I mean?
Right.
We're on the dark side.
Yeah.
I think if you were to kind of go further north into West Palm, you maybe you may get a good.
Well, let me ask you something.
How about all the people out there by me and the acres?
There are no schleppers living out there out there.
Neither of those guys are today.
Okay, there's no dark folks out there today.
They're all working.
Well, the guys who are in the houses out there all working.
Yeah.
The guys who are going along is the ones we're talking about.
They're not going to stop cutting the lawn to come by and buy and teach you.
Why the hell not?
Because they're thinking about it getting to the priority straight now.
Well, I can't sit on the air, but you know what I mean.
Oh.
They're just, they're listening to you, but they're not buying.
Yeah.
Free loaders.
Exactly.
Okay.
That's the problem with this whole, you should run for governor.
That is what we need to have done.
Neal God for governor.
Yeah.
You can clean up the street, clean up the mong.
Okay.
I can't afford to take the pick.
I have a right to a palli.
Thank you.
Thank you.
See you in Boka.
You know, we're going to be a good place.
I'll tell you right now, we're going to be a good place.
There would be a good place.
Listen to me.
The people in Palm Beach are always bitching in Beldeak and that we never go up there
and they would like they love it.
We have a big audience in not so much in West Palm.
We have some in Boka and Delray.
Sure.
I'm thinking like right by the lights, you know, like by that Boston market, we could
put the van right there and they're in their parking lot.
Okay.
No, if you think that's a good idea.
I don't know where that is, but I'll take your work for it.
What do you mean, don't know where that is?
Well, that's because you're not a Boka person because you can't afford to go there.
You can't even afford the gas to get there.
What's the good?
I'm just just keep it in mind.
Okay.
The address is Northeast corner glades in 441 next to Boston market.
Phone booths motel somewhere in Miami with Roby Young.
It's a matter of fact, I'll tell you what we're going to get you.
Roby Young to autograph your CD.
I'll get my shovel and that'll be worth it.
That'll be a real collector's item.
They were going to move his hand manually and Roby is going to sprawl his autograph on
your CD.
It'll get a best of, okay?
We'll bring back the ghost of tiny and Winnie.
Both of my dogs will like put their paw prints on there.
153 at 560 WQM.
It's that time of year again.
All the big mattress stores and a furniture store is cranking out their phony ad sales
because they're desperate.
Well, dial amateurs wants to ask you one question.
If you double the price then offer half off, is that really a deal?
Is it a sale?
No.
Of course not.
The fact is these stores have to run a sale that come even close to be in the same
league with the everyday low prices that dial amateurs offers you your entire life.
For discount prices on dozens of models from CLE, CERDA, Tempropete, Ximens, King Coral,
or Sterns and Forsta, call 1-800-Matras.
No nonsense, no bait and switch, no house brands, no falls, promises and best of all, you
don't have to pay a premium price for the best service in town.
You get service like you dream about from the delivery team rank number one of the world
of customer satisfaction when you call that number.
1-800-Matras is the easiest piece of buying your liver to win your life because you picked
the day in time for delivery.
Any tour winner that's convenient for you seven days a week from 8 in the morning till
10 a night when you're going to be home and they'll be there on time, you'll be sleeping
like a baby the first night.
Take away the crappy old vetting and set up the brand new one for you for nothing.
I've been sleeping on a mattress for a year and you ought to be doing the same thing.
With low prices, same day delivery, free setup and a roof like I just said, it's easy to
see.
My dial amateurs rank the best in the world and customer satisfaction.
So don't get sucked in.
Everybody likes to get in sucked but nobody likes to get in sucked in by those macros,
the showrooms or furnaces or ads.
They can't even go close to matching what dial amateurs offers you each and every day.
Pick up that phone right now and call 1-800-Matras.
They'll be knocking on your door in no time at all.
1-800-MATTRES or online, it's macros.com.
5-BETAL LOCAL.
This is 5-SITS.
The radio's all yours.
Q-A-M.
Have a million dollars weekend.
W-Q-A-M.
56.
What do we got?
We got a total?
Not lately.
Oh.
I guess so.
How much?
I was just killing a big old phone with a coat.
It's cheap, okay.
What is it?
It's cheap, too.
No.
The goal is changing all the time.
Oh no.
I can't keep up so I don't try.
I thought that world was off so late these days.
The Russians backed it in MCM.
And then it's all about what's all night at day.
So I say.
Does anybody really know where Bosnia is?
No.
Can anybody tell me where?
You know how most repolitized.
But I'm not trying to be a wise guy.
Can anybody tell me where?
Bosnia is so repolitized.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm not trying to be a wise guy.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
