Hey, Neil, how do you think the you give away tickets to a guy who said you were breath of fresh air? What a puss whatever douchebag anyway?
Here's the story. Who do you think Josh Beckett or Jesse Smith today? You're a breath of bad old man air battle of gas.
I love that battle. Gants up the stable.
Oh, that's what about that Danny Heatley? Do you see charge with the reckless driving?
Oh, did they charge him now? Yes, he was doing 80 when he hit the condo pillar and split his Ferrari into absolutely the other kid.
I didn't know it's ever heard of. Dance Snyder is like a little depressed fracture in the skull and they like had operate.
I guess he may die. But no one cares. Who's that dance? I have no idea who Dance Snyder is.
I didn't know. Most people thought it was the owner of the redskins when I told the story.
See, Danny Heatley, if he would have died, wouldn't have been that bad because he's really ugly. He's a good hockey player, but he's a very ugly kid.
He is very ugly. He's got like no teeth and he's got curly hair like that.
That's the way I judge things. For example, when Aaron Gavey got that stick in the face a couple years ago and put like that big scar on his face and like, he had a pristine baby face before that.
But then he became damaged goods, which is why it plays for St. John's now and not for the Leafs.
Here's another story. Lion Lodelines is going to play with the Panthers this year. You talk about ugly. He's got no teeth.
Nobody cares about the Panthers. Okay, especially now that the...
Oh, that's what you told me about that. The Marlins when I came here and they're in the playoffs now.
So you're going to start telling me that nobody cares about the Panthers.
Wait a minute. You already admitted nobody cared about the Marlins and just a bunch of front-running bandwagon phonies now. You know that.
That's true, but they made the playoffs.
But that's not the point. What is the point? You're right about there's nobody's fault they have in here.
Danny really cares how soft is the support. You know, if it's soft, who the hell wants it if it's soft?
I'm going to ask you. Are you aware of who's going to be committing this suicide on stage in St. Peter?
Yeah, I know the band hell on earth.
Right. No, but who's going to be doing the suicide?
Is it Mal? Let me... Absolutely.
Yeah. The article by Kevin Baxter in a hero yesterday about you and those couple of real shots you took at Moe,
put him over the edge. He's going to be blowing his brains out on stage in St. Peter.
I'm going to think I might have to fly down to see it.
Yeah, I'm going to have to go down there.
I went to the Beastwood Drive over to see it.
Something to car now. Something to call it up here today.
He got a squatting ovation. Something to call it up here today, Santa.
You're fighting with your lawyer. What's up with that?
What? Yeah. Yeah. Something to say.
The cat is an asshole. That's what?
O.C. There is an asshole. He's an asshole.
He's an asshole. He's an asshole. He puts Stan Major on the earth.
He ripped me an ass so I loaned two grand years ago and never gave me a penny back.
And then I find out last night from a spy report, he fags me this innocuous thing last week one day, 850.
We got Jeff DeForest and Norm Kent and this one.
And it was all part of a stunt that Steve Lappel was doing at 850 up there in Palm Beach,
which nobody down here listens to. Yeah.
And to try to connoissem to believe that they were going all sports.
First of all, nobody cares. Secondly, it had no impact.
And thirdly, it's my attorney conflict of interest norm. You're an asshole.
There's nobody that even knows about.
An absolute asshole and you can take your Neil Rogers bobblehead dolls and stick them up your crappy old fag ass.
How about the station up there? Nobody listens to that.
He's a real faggot, by the way, my lawyer. Religious gay. He's a faggot.
Ooh. So he's sick to my stomach.
Is he like a...
He's like a conflict of interest norm. You can take your cheerleading, your bobblehead dolls,
and stick him right up Jeff DeForest ass. How do you like that?
I like DeForest. I like that.
He could rim Steve Lappel for 50 hours and it would make me very happy.
Probably make him happy too.
This is just pleasant. I love that.
Talk about a rim Joe. Why do you got me going around?
I love this leverage.
Yeah.
The guy called up and said, you're fighting with your lawyer next thing you know, the whole can of worms comes out.
He's a major, major scumbag.
I mean, your buddy...
I'm not going to be talking to you.
You're shorting with the enemy, Norma. You idiot.
Asshole. Yeah.
I know what you're talking to me now.
He's going to be 38.
Mo wouldn't talk to me today.
Oh, it's 38 up there. Who wouldn't talk to you today?
No. Absolutely.
No, are you serious?
I called him so many names yesterday that I think I heard his feelings.
He wouldn't speak to you?
No. Well, you didn't do a crossover day to clock?
There was not much of a crossover.
Well, told me Goldie said something to me about...
I don't know. Norman Kent or something.
Yeah.
No, not Kent.
Tell me to get a right. Norma Kent.
Norma Kent.
Tony Beloni back stabbing Weasel. He's a Weasel.
No, well. He's a Fag Homo Weasel.
Fag Homo Weasel.
So listen, I'll see in St. Pete about four o'clock.
Yeah, I can't wait to see a hell of earth watching most suicide.
And then I get five to ten, great.
Absolutely.
It'll be great.
We might give him a little helping hand.
Is it really 38 up there today?
No, the load tonight's going to be 38.
You're going to be 50, 58 today, baby.
58. Turn the heater on, baby.
Sonny Shrine and his beauty is...
How's the Leafs camp coming?
Leafs were the Leafs.
Tucker with the face off wind back to the point.
Holy actual.
Sends it in.
I'll tell you one thing, Mr. Lagojo Bowen.
I'll tell you that. You're great, but you ain't no joke.
I know that.
There's a lot of things I do now.
I'm not saying that.
Anybody who calls the foster hewitt gondola, the foster ria gondola,
it needs a little brushin' up on it.
I thought I called it the gondola.
The gondola ria.
The gondola ria.
Right, buddy.
In fact, probably what's your name?
And Culver's hangin' up there with a pussy gondola ria.
Hey, you know, I think that car wreck's good for the NHL.
Much like Mark Cuban saying the rape was good for the NBA.
It's good when a couple of star players...
Yeah, get one on the front.
Front page, couple of players killed in a car wreck.
Yeah.
And, you know, they were probably drunk.
They were in Buckhead where Ray Lewis allegedly murdered a guy at the Super Bowl.
And all of it gives the NHL somebody talk about it.
You know what, talk about it.
I think the people are ugly.
Doesn't bother me in the least bit.
Yeah, they're ugly and they don't play.
Who cares if they die?
Tom Brady gets it erect and I get pissed off.
Although I'd be honest with you, he wasn't erect against the Redskins on Sunday.
Nobody told them that.
Yeah, you would like to do him, wouldn't you?
Oh, all right, buddy.
Trust me when I tell you.
I'm a great day, Scott.
Hey, what about David Carr?
What'd you like to do him?
Who?
David Carr, like, Houston quarterback.
That's okay.
My girlfriend says he was hit in a little...
I think Brady and him are the two...
two hotties in the lead that you probably be in.
Yeah, but Brady Quinn, a quarterback for Notre Dame,
which I hate Notre Dame like poison.
He's the hot new number.
Oh, really?
The quarterback in Notre Dame, the guy that replaced the black guy.
The true freshman, yeah.
Wow, I didn't know he had that idea.
Don't you love that expression?
He's a true freshman, which means this is his sixth year in the college in the middle of the year.
That means he's right for the picket, Neil.
Daddy hasn't gotten a class yet.
He's a true freshman, to which I say...
All right, buddy.
He's right, Paul.
All right.
Have a great day, Scott.
Quick picket, I'm old, like I said.
The probiotics right here, homeboy.
Happiness.
Peace.
A sense of well-being.
A sense of self-worth.
It comes from the inside out.
It doesn't come from the outside in.
Dr. Phil, got me a book wall.
There's no substance there at all.
Texas matter.
For that story, you look at a thing.
Dr. Phil, bring it when they want.
He's a mister, no at all.
Never want to see him wearing a cheese drink.
He's an asshole.
Crazy.
Dr. Phil, why do your eyes do that?
Dr. Phil, try to do some of your own things.
Well, why am I keep thinking that you do have the right to judge him?
Forget if you've held him for years, but why didn't you do it?
Dr. Phil, give him folks' side fights.
While he screams at poor housewives about eating more than any human truth.
Dr. Phil, please just make it down.
Your freaking shirt is clown.
Try to handle things like your friend or bro.
That's crazy.
Dr. Phil stops.
The retired goalway.
Dr. Phil stops.
Just leave and take your son, Jay.
Yeah, don't let the door hits you in the fan-assent way on Dr. Phil.
They hit him like poison.
Remember yesterday I was telling you I was like right on the cusp, right on the edge with a sore throat,
maybe a little cold and whatever, little head cold.
And I think I got a beat.
I'm not sure.
Good.
And I ran out this morning, got some of these great halls, defense, vitamin C, or lashinges,
which are nothing but pure flavored sugar, but they're great.
Do you ever have these?
Yes.
They're great.
Nine past deals in the package.
I hate the fact that they have to put French, English, and all that.
Everything that's made in Canada.
Mm-hmm.
It's the law here.
They have to pacify the frog.
Anyway, a thousand and four votes.
They hated the poll yesterday, probably because they didn't understand it,
which is somewhat distressing to me, but nevertheless.
What's a talking head?
I don't know about you, but I'm not all that crazy about too much talking while getting head or giving.
But at any rate, never talk with your mouthful.
That's what mommy told me.
Never talk with your mouthful.
Impalite and dangerous.
Which TV talking head you pray never to see again?
Was there a poll question?
I think it's pretty straightforward.
Very easy to understand.
Unless you don't know what a TV talking head is, which percentage of the audience don't get what it is.
They don't understand.
Anyway, Ann Coulter was off to a gigantic leave, and she did win hands down your pants, but.
The skanky, a pastrami snatch bitch didn't win by all that much, as we thought.
Because Dr. Phil who was a late addition, even though he does have his own show, because he's always gistening all the other everywhere.
He's all over your tube.
So he qualifies as a TV talking head.
Ann Coulter 379 votes, about 38%.
But Dr. Phil a very respectable second.
243 said Dr. Phil is that they pray never to see him again.
24.2% or smell him.
Johnny's cock ring, which I haven't seen him in a Kunz age, 133 votes.
13.2%.
And after that it was fairly small potatoes.
Gloria all red, 81.
And after that, way down.
Nancy Grace only 32.
That chas made on the chaku.
A lot of people don't watch court TV in the winter.
But she's not just on court TV.
No, no, literally.
And she's here.
She's like a cancer in your TV.
George Will 24.
Very shrek, Mr. DNA man's got 20.
Laura Ingram 19.
Debbie Schlossel, I have no idea who that is 15.
Katrina Fandenhovel from the nation 14.
Gertel loved the way the president says the nation.
He has a very lucky, literal way of saying that.
And everything else.
At least he's consistent.
Susan Estridge 13.
She is one of the most nauseating bitches that ever...
I can't believe she only got 13 votes.
They must not know who she is.
You know, because just her lips, there's something about her mouth and her lips.
She's just nauseating.
She's just offensive.
The fact that she's still breathing the fresh air makes me want to puke.
Take, especially in light of all the good people who have died lately.
Like John Ritter and Althea Gibson.
And what was his name?
Johnny Cash.
Johnny Cash.
Another one.
Oh, he was old and craggy and all sorts of disease.
We do it with color.
Too many of them faggots over the years.
And his face was like all puffed up like Jerry Lewis.
He was, you could tell he was on a way up.
Who just died who was 94?
The playwright guy.
The...
Ilya Kazan.
Ilya Kazan.
Very good.
Even actually, pronounce the first name right.
Ilya.
Susan Estridge had 13 votes.
Peggy Nune in 12.
I also don't know who she is.
Bayview Cannon had 11.
Whose pet's a clone sister.
Jerry Spence had only five with the 10 gallon hat.
And Bernard Goldberg had only three because the Jews figured it's right.
Right at Russia Shunotan, they don't want to be picking on no more Jews.
So Bernie Goldberg, who I don't see him anywhere.
You?
Not much.
No, not a long time.
Luckily, since he had his born again right wing conversion, only three votes for Bernie.
So there you go.
That's a result of San Colter wins, Handley.
But Dr. Phil did pretty good.
Nice going, Dr. Phil.
We hate you.
We love Paulo from wherever the hell Paul is from.
He doesn't tell us where he's from.
And closed as a check of a hundred bucks toward a band of pet rescue.
You don't have to send me Marlon Tickets because it's not really something that interests me.
Well, that's good, Paul.
I sometimes feel bad listening to describe this deadbeat town because we don't feel the stadiums.
Well, no, that's only a part of it.
That's only one reason it's a deadbeat town.
But it's not something that interests me that much.
I hope it's okay not to go.
Well, you know what, Paul?
It's okay.
We'll take your money for charity and we appreciate it.
And you don't have to go.
It's just that there's so many other people you think some of them would go other one.
It's a front running phony bandwagon jumping time.
However, Paul says I do enjoy that boring game of soccer.
He enjoys soccer.
Oh my God.
And I certainly understand my most Americans don't.
So I'm not going to try to convince you others that you should give another chance.
That's good, Paul, because we don't want to give another chance.
We hit it.
I, however, am at least faithful to that sport.
Like when I bought a nut, brought a 19-inch TV to my office during the World Cup until my boss.
The other choices I show up late for the next month that I'm not missing a game.
We're all faithful to something, I suppose.
As most of your listeners are proven by being faithful to anything that's free.
And Paul, you are absolutely correct.
Give out some free animals, Neil.
Let's see who shows up.
Yeah, some free blueberry animals.
I bet you'll need lots of them.
Go up at the dough.
Oh, if they were free acid animals.
The right.
To Amigos in Piego, and La Puntas is Paul.
That's what it is.
Paul, thank you, Paul.
Thanks for the check.
1013 at 560 WQA.
If you're fat, like so many people are out there.
This could be the answer you've been looking and praying for.
If you're tired of being a disgusting pig out of shape, lethargic.
If you're diabetic or on a verge of it, like I said yesterday, believe you me.
It's not just a word.
Being diabetic changes your entire life.
All kinds of things you can't do when you can't eat.
And then of course, the after effects, if you don't like nip it in the bud,
can be pretty damn unpleasant.
Balance for life can help you lose that weight if you're frustrated because you've tried all the other gimmicks and the pills and the fads.
And you're still fat as a cow.
Balance for life.
Get the hunger to the point for you.
A bigger pardon?
What was that?
Scott.
Doing what?
Playing stuff.
Playing stuff?
In the middle of my spot?
Apparently.
You're an asshole, Scott.
You're really an accident.
Sorry.
Scott Jr.'s an asshole.
Anybody know that?
Oh, there we know that.
Anyway, balance for life can help you lose that weight.
Once in for a while there's no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting, no cooking, even no shopping, no cleaning, no nothing.
All you do is reach outside your door, six o'clock in the morning and every day or whenever you get up.
And every day it's right there, the little black sack with all the food you need for the entire day to keep you full and happy and satisfied and lose them weight.
You'll start seeing results on your scale within just a matter of days.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks.
You fill out the menu once a week.
You have two choices for each meal.
Every day to try on a program.
In fact, balance for life is the only company that gives you a choice for every meal and snack.
And like I said, inside that sack, delicious fresh food.
Nothing frozen, nothing pre-fab.
No crap, no little tiny packages of garbage.
But really fresh, delicious meals that will keep you happy and satisfied and full all day long.
So if you want to try something that will really help you lose the way effectively and the delicious way, balance for life is the answer.
Call them today, 954-568-3229.
You got nothing to lose except that dangerous disgusting ugly fat.
954-568-3229 or visit their website balanceforlife.com.
My, my, and look all this is 4205-60.
You ain't a new way, yeah.
Are you dredge packing?
Things from walking down the aisle.
There's nothing inside your stand-zone.
Then he tried to jump a tent, but yes, he hopped into his Bentley and said,
I ain't a total jane, no.
We'll go find yourself another small.
Ben said,
you're the butt.
And she went up and up.
A screaming at a yellow,
as he drove away,
because they wouldn't ever wait any more.
He grabbed up the flight to Vegas.
And hit all the script clubs.
When girls were grabbing his pants,
they would give him a medal.
That's it, he was finally there to freaking come.
Ben said,
bye to the butts.
And she went up and up.
Welcome.
A screaming at a yellow,
as he drove away,
because they wouldn't ever wait any more.
From the time they made an emergency,
and she had no head in her palm.
Who I'm the standard cheerleader,
come over, touchy feeling,
but no, that wasn't big damn wrong.
Ben'll have to go, use match.com.
Ben said,
bye to the butts.
Oh.
And she went up and up.
Bye, bye, bye.
A screaming at a yellow,
as he drove away,
because they wouldn't ever wait any more.
Can I see the 560WQ?
I don't think I sound all that good today.
I've got the little scratch.
I think it would be a good time to take the key months on.
Hi, I think it's on great.
What are you talking about?
The first poll is up.
This is our preliminary poll,
the first part of the show.
And just because Arnold is obviously going to win
the governor of California,
he's like 100 points ahead.
What's your take on Arnold Schwarzenegger,
the next governor of California?
We've got the five excellent choices for you as usual.
This is our first poll.
We'll do the thing about your most detested gamer sport
later on, like they've done CNN.
Although we're not going to have dog fighting and
bullfighting and bullfighting and bullshmit.
Arnold, he's great.
He's better than great.
Has to be better than great Davis.
He's a total buffoon,
Asta la vista Arnold, or Terminate Disass.
First 15 votes, Terminate Disass 7.
He's a total buffoon for Asta la vista Arnold too.
He's great one.
Has to be better than great Davis one.
It's a good thing that our voters
aren't in California or Arnold being big trouble.
Because he's obviously a moron.
He hasn't got any concept of anything.
He has no experience in politics whatsoever.
But based on celebrity and the fact that the media
love goosing him up and building him up and giving him
list oodles of free air time,
even though he's 134 other candidates.
That's why he's going to win by a landslide.
Because America loves celebrities.
That's what it boils down to.
That's all I care about.
Oh, Arnold, he's a wonderful guy.
He never stole a freight train.
Here's a lady in Boca.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Hey, good morning.
When is the end?
When is the end?
Really, I'm calling distance.
Thank you because you always make me laugh.
Well, that's great.
That's Dr. Phil.
I live with my mom and she's almost 80.
And every time Dr. Phil's on, she looks at me.
Like, I need the help.
But anyway, I just want to take you to the end.
I slap her around a little bit.
No, no, no.
Works with my mom every now and then every once in a real while
when I'm down there, I slap her around a little bit.
Works like a charm.
Well, it's different when you're 24-7 or whatever.
Yeah, or just once in a while, right?
Absence makes the heart grow older.
But really, I'm just calling because I listen to y'all the time.
I enjoyed the crossover with Scott.
I can handle Scott.
I'm too old for him.
But I enjoyed the crossover this morning.
Well, this is good.
This way, I only have to listen for two or three minutes.
It's 10 o'clock in the crossover.
That's what I do.
I'm walking the dog.
Right.
When you walk the door.
Oh, and I appreciate what you do for a pendant that pet rescue.
I adapt the two dogs.
And I spend enough on them now where a world maybe I'll send a check
on, oh, it's tight.
But anyway, I appreciate everything you do and thanks.
Okay, well, that's sweet.
Have a great day.
You too.
Thanks a lot.
Bye-bye.
What was that a nice way to start?
It takes care of the calls for today, huh?
Yeah, I mean, I've got a lot of money.
No, seriously, she was very nice.
I mean, we don't like too much syrup on our ice cream.
Although a little chocolate syrup in marshmallow.
Was that stuff fluff?
Scott was telling me last week.
Remember fluff?
Yeah, he's a lot of white.
Yeah, there are a lot of showers on a station that are fluffed.
Absolutely.
Especially that one early in the morning.
Although it won't be on next week because the host, one of the host is going to be
going to be going to his brains out committing suicide on stage in St. Pete's Saturday.
In violation of law.
But see, I guess once you blow your brains out, it doesn't make any difference if you broke it.
They'll arrest you anyway.
Really?
Yeah.
They throw your ass in a slimer?
Right.
Not the rest of you.
Just the ass.
They'll slice it off.
This thing that somebody just facts to me about very jackass.
Where did this come from?
This doesn't look it's out of the herald.
I guess.
No.
Maybe this part of the herald's new look.
Yeah, it is from the herald.
He says it's been an amusing South Florida tradition for Marlon's 11 Years of Existence.
The team plays again.
The NWQM Toxtra host Ed Kaplan criticizes the manager.
Don't think the managers haven't noticed.
Jack McKeean appearing to somewhat earthed mentioned to a room full of sports writers last week.
About how some late night talk show host had questioned the strategy, even though there were no report on the room and asked him about it.
Sometimes Kaplan will question a pitching change more often a repomanager for bunting especially early in games.
And it goes on and on.
I mean nobody really cares about this.
Do they?
No.
I won't read the whole thing.
But anyway, it's in very jackass's calm.
Channel 7 jumps a chance to air to Marlon's Channel 10 decline.
They had the first dibs on it.
And they said, no thank you because it's in a prime time.
It's in the afternoon.
It's going to cost us money.
We don't care about the community or about the general interest in the enthusiasm for the Marlins in the excitement that would generate.
We don't care about that.
It would cost us money for a bunch of crap that we run there in the afternoon like the white lot of the eating and bishops old ass.
So at any rate, what channel 7 is going to be airing?
Aren't we excited about that?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, it's a matter of fact today.
Scott, I say Scott, because you don't care.
The Yankee, don't tell me who the hell are they playing the Yankees in Minnesota, right?
Yep.
Is that a one o'clock?
Yes, they are.
Surprise.
So when it gets to be around one o'clock, go and be forget cause I'll put on a TSN here.
We'll, I'll carry it.
Well, we'll pick it up.
In fact, maybe I'll do play by play and whoever they got doing play by play guarantee.
I'll do a hell of a lot better job.
Am I right?
Or bad?
A little bit.
I'm not going to watch soap operas for a change.
Oh, do you want to miss passions?
No.
Because Luis is starting to catch on a little bit very, very slowly that maybe Sheridan was on that boat.
And I'll tell you one thing.
I wish we could all hold our breath as long as Sheridan does underwater.
This is about the third episode where she's been like like a goldfish, you know.
And she can hold her breath underwater for like weeks and days.
No problem.
But at least she finally got the air out that poured dress, that blood stained dress.
She was been wearing for weeks down in that pit.
Number one, she got out of the pit.
And number two, they're like washing off her dress, even though it is deep underwater.
I don't think my voice has been last the whole show today, you know.
Oh, you're doing great.
I can put the Yankee game on.
I want a clock.
Hey, that's a good idea.
Well, why don't we carry the guy, the Yankee game?
We're supposed to be a sports station.
Come on, let's get the Yankee game on there.
What's wrong with you, Pussy, huh?
In addition to which I think is today, the day we got the crappy one o'clock hour was there yesterday.
That's not too bad.
Don't you remember yesterday?
Oh, yeah.
It was asked.
And by the way, Phyllis, the way you're doing is log.
I wouldn't wish this on Hermann Gehring and George W. Bush or an OJ.
Okay, Phyllis?
What the hell's her excuse?
Maybe Greg ain't giving her any more.
Maybe that's it.
You think that might be her problem?
Because she used to do the log.
At least the log, even though she was a nasty bitch, used to do the log pretty good, but no,
not any more.
I said this answer.
At any rate, Atlanta trashers, I don't know we don't have too many hockey fans out there.
One thing I should caution Scott, because he, you know, he'll argue at the beginning.
I'm talking about Phyllis.
But after a short while, like after about two or three days, he'll finally catch on like the fact
that there really are no Marlon fans.
It's all front-running phonic facade.
Right.
Because they got hot.
He had to see it for himself.
Right.
And he said, you're right.
This is a horse ball sports time.
And nobody cares about hockey because you know as well as anybody after those great hockey shows.
Well, guess who called me last night?
I already told you.
Yeah.
Hey, horse ball.
Let's put that down on the list.
No, I see.
I like the rumors.
I really do.
But I just have to discourage him calling for a month or so at a time.
And it works like a charm.
As opposed to Norma Kent, who's a pussy and a backstabber and a phony.
And he got lots of conflicts of interest, too, if you ask me.
I'm a local.
This is 516.
The ray is all yours.
P-W-A-N.
Run.
This is your brain being chopped up by a finely honed meat cleaver.
This is your brain and a blender.
And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili.
Brain.
Real food for real people.
Arnold, Schwarzenegger, is wife and my good friend Maria Shriver are giving their first ever interviewed together.
And Arnold, I try to write all the stories about womanizing.
Absolutely.
And as a matter of fact, I know.
I think that's pretty fair to say.
Many times.
Many days.
Yeah, that's true.
I would have never done it if I wouldn't have had the support of Maria.
Well, you know, she's a Kennedy woman.
Mm-hmm.
And they always look the other way.
Yeah, I have been bred to look the other way.
Yeah.
And Maria has been the best.
You know, I'm not going to stand in your way.
You have to do what you need to do.
Arnold, on the floor.
And while sexual experiences, when we come back, okay?
Okay, so I'm going to come back.
Okay, just a little bit.
Down for the plant, Oprah.
And of course, Oprah would be growing.
And Maria, there's no question about that.
They'd be playing a mean chinball, M2.
Gropra?
Gropra.
I like that.
It's the Gropra Winfrey show.
I'd actually get an audience that's disgusting bitch.
1031 at 560 WQI, invest in the old van hit today.
I thought it was going to be Thursday, but the good news is it's today.
At noon, with Joe Costello, who's raised a lot of money for our abandoned pet rescue.
A third man.
At least.
Noon today at Riva Yamaha, 3671 Northixi highway in Pompo,
and no beach.
And as an incentive, because it's a tough year trying to raise money for charity,
especially when your lawyer is trying to siphon off money to some other thing
that he's got going and he's involved in, which is another conflict of interest.
If he asks me and trying to manipulate and use me, but it ain't going to happen.
At any rate, the first five donators, in other words, the first five people
who actually donate for end to get one of our neo-rangers CDs,
or one of our Mohawar David and Keachans, or Jim and his Keachans, or whatever we got there.
First five donators get a pair of Alice Cooper tickets for it all Friday
at the Pompo beach amphitheater courtesy of the real yellow pages.
And by the way, don't be ripping bells off because they spent a lot of money on our station
and Gary Sarnall get upset.
Yeah, I know.
Okay.
Do it while you're on.
Sure.
No, it's just not a good idea.
I don't know.
They do.
We know what we, they, first of all, they hate me like poison.
We have the, we have the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
We don't have a bell sound line because they despise me.
They hate me like poison.
But nevertheless, they'll take free plugs.
Oh, I want to show I noticed that.
You know what I said?
Oh, yeah.
Now, they'll take all the free plugs and those promos.
No problem at all.
They'll take free money.
So they get in the sound fluid like a rubber glove, like right up your ass.
But nevertheless, we don't want to get Gary Sarnall out of it.
Oh, because even his clone and Amsterdam, that pervert over there, he'll get all bent out of shape.
Anyway, there's an official Marlon's watch party.
Now, see this is tonight and tomorrow.
Who wrote this?
Is this the lovely Miguel Rotes again?
What an idiot.
The game isn't tonight.
It's this afternoon.
Does it get dark at 3.30 in the afternoon?
I guess only like it'll block in certain other parts of town.
It doesn't get dark at 3.30 in the afternoon.
It's not tonight.
The official Marlon's watch party is this afternoon and tomorrow afternoon
because the games are at 406.
Our time, 106 San Francisco time,
whereas the Mad Dogs is fan framp that go.
I don't know why he says it like that.
Do you think there's like some kind of a fag thing in there?
Don't know.
I do know.
Anyway, so that's the deal.
3.30 to Saturday is the official Marlon's watch party.
Shula State 2 and Miami-Lakes both today.
And Marlowe and the Marlon's going to be there.
The Marlon Mermaids will be there to serve us everybody who comes by.
And there'll be interactive pitching games.
And if the team don't play well, there'll be interactive pitching games.
So go in by Shula State 2 and have a great time.
So the schedule is Mad Dog has gotten abbreviated show today.
That she likes that.
More money and less work, Mad Dog.
He learned, seriously, every time I'm down there, he's the guy you've got to hit it to him.
Man enough, he comes in, shakes my hand and thanks me for making him so much money for doing almost nothing.
I said, hey, you're catching on, man.
The Humper this time is really.
In fact, the Humper don't work today.
He don't work tomorrow, right?
I guess. Yeah, look at that.
And I noticed, well, what is that?
I'm looking at Thursday and it says 2 to 4 GMM.
4 to 5 is the Dave Wonstead show.
And it's Huracun's game day because the Huracun's are playing West Virginia on Thursday.
And then I'm looking at Friday schedule and we got the Marlon game again.
So the Humper has got what a what a scam.
The Humper is off today.
The Humper is off tomorrow.
The Humper is off Thursday.
And Humper is off Friday.
And none of it is against his vacation time because it's all ball game related.
Plus, he's now down to a three hour show getting to pay the same that he was doing before for four hours.
Thanks, Gohan Hank.
I'm jealous.
Everybody thinks I got the best game going.
I'm not even close no more.
They passed me like I was sitting still.
Sitting on your ass.
Well, it's all passed on that.
I'm sure you will too.
The trasher players were on their ass.
This is bad news.
Atlanta Thrashers started Danny Heatley with charts today with reckless driving
for a varying offer road and slamming a sports car into a wall at about 80 miles an hour.
It says here sports car was a Ferrari by the way.
A crash to lift him with a broken jaw and teammate Dan Snyder critically injured.
The thrashers had Snyder a passenger in the car had surgery early.
They had great immemorial hospital for depressed fracture in his skull.
Heatley broke his left jaw was in stable condition.
Atlanta police spokesman Sergeant John Quigley said he was driving his Ferrari shortly before 11 o'clock last night.
When a car left the road and struck a wall in front of an apartment complex.
The vehicle broke in half.
Quigley said.
Heatley was also charged with serious injury by vehicle because his passenger was injured.
Police told the Atlanta urinal constitution a really horrible cops newspaper by the way.
That the car hit the wall at about 80 miles an hour that Snyder was ejected from the vehicle.
Snyder was sent to escort 10 goals and had four assistant 36 games for land the last season.
Had surgery on his ankle earlier this month before the started training camp.
He was expected to start the season on the injured list.
I could say something there but it would be very poor taste.
Right Scott?
Yes.
Well, I mean he is going to start the season on the injured list.
We hope he pulls through. Seriously, even though Scott Farell always makes these comments about he wishes this one.
I mean, doesn't he feel like a little bit bad if he says something like that and then the guy actually does die?
No.
But he's only 25 years old.
I'll send him to the words he doesn't really care.
No, he's a breath of fresh air.
Even though he is a heartless bastard, Farell.
The 25-year-old player sound of the thrashers as a free agent in 1999 after playing for season's a junior hockey in Owen Sound in the OHL, the Ontario Hockey League.
And he'd be a superstar.
One of the upcoming young stars, 41 goals, 48 assists, team record for land the last year and Yadi Yadi Yadi.
Former University of Wisconsin player with the second overall pick of the 2000 draft.
And there you go.
Speaking of the healthy, what is it?
I have a correction on what?
The van hit will not be today.
It will be Thursday as previously scheduled.
This was a misunderstanding typo kind of thing I'm told.
See the thing that's written at the top of that page that we got today?
That's the date of the revision, which is today.
I don't want to say any names, but somebody there is a freaking moron.
Okay?
Somebody there is a real asshole.
I am.
Ha!
Well, you wrote this out?
No.
Oh, you wrote an asshole.
That's not connected.
Just butt out.
You're good to know I'm not the only one.
No, oh, listen, that's asshole central.
I'm probably not.
How are we supposed to know that?
It says on top of here.
Right.
Not only that, but then they be vised and it's still said to them.
And I'm 30.
The only revision was courtesy to go get all pages on those tickets for the Alice Cooper.
So the thing is this Thursday, October 2nd, like we were saying yesterday,
I thought they had changed the date and was very nice to them to send me an update.
But I guess we're supposed to be psychic, isn't that it?
And it's also this tonight and tomorrow, which is this afternoon.
Seriously, who wrote this out?
This don't look like.
Is this Miguel?
Yeah.
He's an asshole.
And I wanted to re-entern them down, you know what?
Even as good as he looks.
See that all that, all that, all that, all that, physical, exterior, you know, hot looks and stuff.
And everything.
He has no control over that.
He just had good genes.
That's all.
He's just lucky.
Good born, you know, maybe one of his parents was real hot, you know?
Or maybe it was in his family tree.
But they're sure his hell was no smarts in it.
This is just plain dumb.
This is just stupid, you know?
Just keep making us look stupider and stupider.
On the one hand, I got a promotions guy there who can't get the guy at them van hits, right?
And on the other hand, I got a lawyer, supposedly my agent, who's like working against me,
putting people on here to trash their hell.
I mean, there goes the phone, you know, a normal Kent leads metal hell because every time I started in on this,
I had 10 a month when I was repiting my ass, uh-huh.
My phone was ringing the other room.
During the break, I went in to hear the voicemail message.
There wasn't any message.
So it's just a crazy person who keeps ringing my phone every time they get like agitated.
I said, just like they try to agitate me, which you can't hear it at all.
Now, obviously, because it's in the other room, I don't have no phone in here.
Well, drag it in there with you so we can only know that.
But seriously, so every time I mentioned normal, can't he sit sitting there calling here?
I think he needs to be in a straight jacket in the rubber room somewhere, because you know how to be him.
Now, during this next break, I'll go in there if it's a voicemail, like maybe a package showed up,
Bokobryon's disc or something.
I'll go down here and I'll correct the, but he's still an asshole.
Okay.
No, he is.
I mean, I think he's got to decide.
If he wants to represent Steve Lapa and Palm Beach that I make believe, station at he's on or whatever,
he's got a conflict of interest.
See, it'd be like me being said, I don't want to be a lawyer.
See what I'm getting at?
I don't want to be an agent.
You know what I mean, Lord?
I'm satisfied doing what I do.
That's all you can't be all things to all people.
I do this and that's it.
But on the other hand, we got to get, wants to be a baseball player.
He wants to be a hot shot agent.
He wants to be a talk show host.
You know, he wants to be a hundred different things.
You follow my drift?
I don't want to get enough attention on him because he's just a piece of crap.
But he's on the one hand trying to siphon off with his bobble head for his own, for his own thing there that he's involved in.
And he's the director of that to the center one thing and try to like siphon off money for our branded pet rescue, which frost my ass.
And then we got Miguel here who's given us, I think it's sabotage if you ask me.
Maybe I'm paranoid.
You understand that?
Maybe they're colluding.
89 votes on a poll.
What's your take on Arnold Schwarzenegger the next governor of California?
And he will be.
What?
It's, it's high comedy is what it is.
Well, I'm just, it's high comedies.
Yeah, I know.
But I haven't heard from him in a long time.
I have a time.
I'm not that I'm Jones in here from him.
It's on five minutes ago.
94 votes.
Terminate Arnold's ass 30.
He's a total buffoon 25.
He's great 16.
Has to be better than great Davis 16.
Oster La Vista Arnold 7.
See, I'm always impressed by a candidate who comes up with stuff like it's time to terminate this governor.
It's time to terminate this disaster.
It's the Oster La Vista great Davis, you know.
And right there, I mean, that tells you everything you need to know.
Sure.
He's the best.
1041 at 560, your Assault Station QAM.
We're supporting O5 City QAM.
Swords and they gave once to be the governor.
I'm not that bad.
Just for fun, the time I made it.
Total recap for rock.
No way here we are.
Because he's best, we'll do him in.
Now here I rock, you things that Arnold he wants said.
How could that?
None of you don't know me.
So you don't like last.
Come and name them since they were together.
Negative.
Let's know all of you.
You are.
Can't believe you got that far too far.
You will not.
We don't have much time.
It has to end here.
You will not.
We.
Ask the lovista baby.
No.
The latest tribute to stupidity and illiteracy and you want to know why.
You want to know why he's going to win?
That's the American fucking way.
That's right.
Dumb, dumb or in dumbest.
Jim Carrier, something to say about that, didn't he?
Yeah.
He said he's really stupid.
1046 at 560 W.
You don't forget how our David's going to be committing suicide and St. Petersburg on stage this Saturday.
We're going to be selling tickets for that for charity.
By the way, it was the concierge.
I have a FedEx package downstairs, which means the Vokabrine disc is here.
I could go down here and get it today during the show, but we'll make him wait till tomorrow.
Okay.
Well, no, because I got a lot of great new stuff here like that.
I just played right there.
Didn't you like that?
I liked it.
Yeah.
Even though it's wrong, but nevertheless.
567, let's take a lot of calls because I have very little voice.
Even though I got 1,000 different things here.
Man, there's a lot of crap going on.
There is.
There's a lot of crap.
We can even talk about some of it.
Huh?
Huh?
Well, we don't want to talk about that thing.
No, no.
About your problem with your DSL?
No, we don't want to do that.
Because Gary Cernel get upset and then you hear calls.
People call in and rip in bell south and ask.
Yeah.
You spend $40 million here on this radio station.
See, this is the problem when you have a monopoly is that you can intimidate people into like laying off on you.
Right.
Like the hero used to try to do.
And I explain way back in 76 to a Siddler of Inn.
Well, I think I think Sidd understood because he at least had an IQ larger than his penis.
Is what Lynn Russell told me.
But at any rate, and Sidd understood that the hero and at that time the Miami news.
Remember the Miami news?
Oh, yeah.
Who that alike conspiring together?
In fact, the hero controlled the news and circulation.
Out of the same building.
Which is why there is no more Miami news.
But anyway, it was a virtual monopoly.
And of course, now it's a total monopoly in Dave County.
So no matter how much money the hero spends on this radio station, we can still rip them and ask and call them what they are.
Which is a sad horrible ass excuse for real newspaper because that's the truth in their monopoly.
Right.
Just like Florida plunder and loot.
You know, it's the same thing.
Yeah.
I mean, if you want the power.
Right.
Who else are you going to call?
Well, we'll say this though.
I have power.
See.
I'm here.
Getting the story.
It's me again.
I'm paying for.
When you're done.
There's a lot of people right there.
You said, douche when you get done with Gary Sarner.
5, 6, 7, oh, let's take a few of these calls.
There might be one or two real ones on here.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Hey, the normal can thing came out this morning that, um, well, he stole your boyfriend.
Is that why you guys are part of it?
No, there ain't none of the punks that he hangs out with.
Any interest to me?
Sorry.
Okay, right.
Okay.
That's how I'm going to like one of his faggots right there.
You know, no question.
One of his queens.
Sure.
See, the bottom line is you can try to make light of this.
And I just say that there was the tummy.
I got it.
R.T.
You can make light of this argument.
But the fact of the matter is this is a guy supposed to be representing me.
And he's putting people on his make-believe show on his make-believe radio station to rip me an ass.
Which, you know, a big deal.
But then on the other hand, he's like, uh, he's like trying to represent me.
Uh, both sides against the middle.
Can't do that.
Conflict of interest.
I wonder if Steve Lapa, how much he's paying him every year to represent him up there in Palm Beach at a 50.
I wasn't at the station and Norma sure was on C.
I can't keep any of that straight.
And you can't either.
Because I asked you that one, girl.
And I don't know.
And I don't care.
I mean, which one is JNA and which one is FTL and which one is FLL and FLA?
I don't, I don't get it.
I do know FLA.
That's in Tampa.
Right.
But I don't know about any of these other ones because nobody else is doing that.
They're either have fractions in the ratings or they don't even show up on the top 800 station.
There be need notice.
But these are people who really fancy themselves as broadcasters.
And he continues playing little games and sending me faxes in front.
Oh, look at this.
They got Jeff DeForest on and Jeff Rumors on which Jeff Rumors by the way wasn't on that show.
I find out.
And all these other people on there and, uh, who cares?
You know something?
After the experience of the fan.
Remember the fan resting piece?
Oh, nobody does.
60 90 on your dial?
I remember the hysteria here in the room.
And the building?
Right.
And then, and then even after that as much as Greg wanted to get all bent out of shape about Fox Sports, he knew that was going to be a lay of big A, which it has 940 on that great frequency.
They had their numbers or fractions most of the day.
Even in the mid day with big Romy, they get a 1 7 and men.
What a number.
Embarrassing.
So if there's 75 stations out there, they want to go all sports.
Be our guest, okay?
What the hell difference does it make?
I mean, there's so many great sports casters out there.
He puts him very back on the air, who's a big Chicago fan, by the way.
Uh, we already got Crow on there and a fractional morning show with a Crow.
Yeah, 940 with the clearance is boyfriend over there that the clearance books, books, guests for.
Weener.
John Weener.
Oh, yeah.
I like that one.
Yeah, I'm sure you do.
Probably smells better.
New Crow.
Oh, man.
Seriously.
He used to bathe in Kashmir, but okay.
The only person in my life I've ever encountered who took a bat in a talcum powder and smelled the part.
Here's Miami Beach.
Norman Ketchon 1400.
Okay, Mike.
It's fine.
Mike.
You know, I'm a perfect.
And there's one of his list is right now.
All the chronic.
You see what I mean?
What was I just talking about yesterday?
All the chronic.
The little T.O.
Top show groupies.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks, Mike.
Mike.
Mike.
Mike Wants.
Now, didn't he do the Woody Woodpecker cartoons?
That was a different way.
And separately, it's, yeah, in your pants.
Let's keep these calls coming, man, because I have some stuff I'm going to have to read even though it is very important stuff.
And I'm very, my.
See, it's a question of whether I finished today, which I think I can do.
Some people, oh, seriously, some going to be a plus.
Or if I like to lose my voice, then you'll be on the rest of the week.
Okay, guess what I want to talk about.
No, no.
So Gary Sarner is hoping that he's going to send me some honey.
He can bribe me is what he can do.
He's going to like have an emergency.
You've got to make his contacts up here.
Got the honey tune yet.
Give me some lemon and honey and tea to make sure I don't lose my voice, because he sure will watch your ass on this week.
Because you'll be bitching and moaning, complaining, carrying out an additional wish the audience don't care anyway, but you're freaking DSL products.
It's not just mine.
It's everybody's.
And but you know something I don't care either, because my bell sympathical works right here in Toronto.
I've never had in two years now.
It's almost two years.
I've never had one second of downtime in my computer on my internet connection.
Not one.
And not only that, but when you press like you put something on.
Yeah, it's there like just like that.
It means like magic, huh?
Like that.
Right.
It is.
Yeah, I remember those days.
As opposed to the craft service that you got, including what we got there in the station, which you could fall on the floor.
Waiting for the goddamn thing to finally come.
I hope you're all sitting there and waiting and waiting and it's grinding in here.
I need therapy.
Well, Gary Sardak can help you out.
Yeah.
I'll get you a draped therapy.
Maybe Mo has a hook up.
Here's a call from Boca. Hello.
Hey, morning, Neil.
Yes, sir. Yeah, Mo does have a hook up. It's a class me bag. Yes, sir.
Yeah, I was the guy with the spy report on Norm yesterday.
Yeah.
And I hear you doubted me after that, but apologies accepted.
Apologies for what?
No, you were saying, hey, maybe this guy was wrong.
How do I know that you're right?
I haven't had any verification on it.
Yeah, I know.
Because you're the only one who would be listening.
Yeah, I kind of roam around the station all the way and see what's going on on a different channel.
Yeah.
When you certainly seemed obsessed about it, considering the fact that nobody listens to that station, whatever one it is.
And number two, nobody else was listening, obviously.
Nobody gives it. Nobody knows who the hell's stand major is. No, Mo.
Yeah, I know.
I would tell you why are you so upset? Do you have like a Norma can blow up dollar something?
I mean, you have something going on with her?
What I do have is a blow of Scott the Long Boy.
Yeah.
He's a good friend of mine.
Is he really?
Yeah. So I was definitely telling you the truth.
Oh, I'm sure his wife is pleased to hear that.
Yeah, after he got married, you know, the circle turned stopped and everything.
Yeah, that's the end of that for everyone, including him.
Okay, have a great life, pal. Don't call us a no-mo.
For a while.
Call yesterday and write away he's getting like vicarious thrilled because I'm talking about it again.
The only reason I'm mentioning it again is because the other info I found out last night about this A50 thing in a mysterious fact.
We got that day.
See, you have to make up your mind.
Which camp you're in, Norma.
You have to make up your mind.
You can't spread yourself out all over the place and be sucking Steve Lapis ass and then be going to Greg Reen.
You want to do this and you want to do that.
And then pretending to be my agent too, which is the only show of any consequence in America that's not syndicated.
Even that little self-hating twerp fag at Alice Grant tell us got on on how many stations.
About 30 minutes.
Yeah, syndicated.
And what do we got?
We got five, 60 a.m.
What at the frequency from hell?
That sounds like it's coming through your goddamn pop up toaster.
The leader of the rock band hell, this story is just, it's just amazing to me.
Why is that?
I don't know.
You don't find this story bizarre?
No, not anymore.
I think it's a publicity story.
You think somebody's really going to off themselves?
I think it's a publicity story and no one will off themselves.
I think Mo is going to do it.
Absolutely.
The leader of the rock band hell on earth said Monday that an on-stage suicide will be conducted during a private St. Petersburg concert this weekend in defiance of a new city law designed to stop the act.
The show will go on.
Billy Turtle lot said it'll be available on the internet and it'll be in the city limits of St. Petersburg.
Can you imagine if they put it on the internet?
Yeah.
How many million people will be watching?
Not third, man.
Early Monday, the St. Pete City Council unanimously approved an emergency ordinance that makes it illegal to conduct a suicide for commercial or entertainment purposes and a host promote and sell tickets for such an event.
It's a snuff concert.
So for what purposes can you commit a suicide then?
Just for the hell of it.
I say.
No, that's illegal too.
While I still think it's a publicity stunt, we still couldn't sit by idly and let somebody else lose their life.
Councilmember Bill Foster said no came to foster hewitt.
I was speaking to Foster hewitt.
The owner lead let it go to Noondike over to Tucker.
Tucker at the half-forge.
Tucker puts the Noondike by the pass and effort to come back settled by Park Bendestock with the truck that just whited an end.
Holy October, I want to need to keep it in.
Let's the five-goers out!
That's the best thing for the world!
And it might be Noondike who gets a snuff on it.
But it's one of the two of us.
Okay, meaning of a sex of Michigan.
Circuit Judge John Lenderman of St. Pete's were granted the city of temporary intention against the band yesterday preventing them from advertising the show and allowing the suicide.
The judge gets the hearing in the case Thursday.
So we'll keep our eye peeled on this.
The Tampa-based band known for such outrageous on-stage stunts as chocolate syrup wrestling and grinding up live rats in a blender.
Yummy!
First created the fear by announcing earlier this month that the suicide would happen during a show at the state theater in Downsound St. Pete.
But the theater's owner promptly canceled the band's appearance and another venue also turned away the event.
Now, Turtle-O-33 said the suicide show will be played before a select few people at an undisclosed location in St. Pete's Saturday.
It will be shown live on the band's website.
He wouldn't disclose any details about the terminal ill person or say how the person planned to kill himself.
What's somebody who's terminal ill so must be malign?
Yeah, so who cares?
To think so.
Absolutely.
He said the point is to raise awareness that physician-assisted suicide should be legalized in Florida.
See, this isn't just a mild publicity.
He's trying to do something good with this.
He's trying to say like euthanasia should be legal.
Like in the Netherlands.
Like in Holland, like a civilized country.
He said he's not worried about the legal ramifications violating new city ordinances punishable about the 60 days in jail $500 fine.
A Florida law already makes it manslaughter felony to assistance suicide.
But he insists the band is not assisting the act.
The person will be doing the self-deliverance totally by themselves on their own accord.
He said as Mo puts that 357 magnum to his brain.
Absolutely.
And...
I am Mo.
This is sports radio licensing.
You am.
I am here.
Coming up tonight, on the inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
They broke new ground in the 80s, with the first song ever about a girl raised in a strict upbringing who really wants to lose her virginity.
They were night rangers.
The stick question all the time has come.
The thing is, man, we were rockin' rollers.
We knew all about this type of girl.
You know, repressed, religious, but deep inside they wanted, man.
Night Rangers lead vocalist Jack Blades.
And it was up to us to get this concept down on final man.
Nobody had gone to this kind of risky territory before, dude.
Nobody but us had the balls.
That's right.
We were night ranger, man, and night ranger...
Hey!
Hey, what's that song you're playing?
I don't hear anything.
No way, man. I hear it.
Are you like bustin' my chops here? It sounds like Billy Joel.
Oh, you mean that song from like 10 years before yours?
About a repressed religious girl who really wants to have sex?
Hey!
You know, the song that still gets played like a thousand times a day in every radio in the country.
While yours only shows up on late night ads about hair band compilations.
What do you mother...
Oh, there fella. I'll sue your ass.
Oh, yeah? I don't care. You're destroying my credibility here.
Hey, that's the first time I've heard night ranger and credibility in the same sentence.
All right, that does it. Go ahead and sue me a little...
Ugh!
Oh, thanks, man.
I was a little short on rocker lawsuit cash.
What a putz.
It's a big juicy shopping web look at show business tonight, undeniable behind.
Like Reverend Charles says, there will be a lawsuit.
1102-560-WB-QM167 votes on here. They're pouring in now about Arnold.
What's your take on Arnold Schwarzenegger?
The next governor of California is our poll. That's our first poll.
The second poll is gonna be on what sport or game do you hate the most?
Based on, you know, it was inspired by the CNN poll a couple of days ago.
But, uh, ours is gonna be a lot more intelligent than theirs,
which ain't seen much on the certainly not news the website.
Because their poll reveals most hated sports include dog fighting.
I mean, dog fighting in a sport or both fighting, rock, cock fighting, etc.
Right? Right.
167 votes on Arnold. He's a total buffoon, 51.
And if you voted for total buffoon, you are absolutely correct.
That was my vote.
Firminate his ass, 43. That was my vote.
Has to be better than Gray Davis, 34. And of course, of those 34,
how many do you think knew anything about Gray Davis?
They wouldn't even know if they bumped into him in a guy named Westland Mall.
They would have any idea who he was. Much less anything about him.
He's great, 22.
Austin, I'm Easter Arnold. Oh, he's great.
Just like Slice, the low, he's great.
But, absolutely. Right.
Is there any doubt? Absolutely.
Not. And Austin, I'm Easter Arnold, 17.
Out of 167 votes. So let's see,
the next one is the
50,
66 points. So in other words,
two thirds of think that he's an asshole and one third tick.
Oh, he's great. He's wonderful because he's a movie star.
And he's so macho and he's a big manly man as opposed to girly man.
Although back in those days when he did that we we interview,
he was doing lots of we we as what we understand.
He was doing broad, he was doing guys, anything that moved those,
you know, all those muscle builders.
He was doing all those models, all of that stuff.
They're all a bunch of perverts.
If you ask me,
of course, that's our kind of people perverts.
Let's have nothing but perverts in politics.
Are we already got that?
Wait till you hear this story because I see that the phones are anywhere near what they should be on.
I see I made a bad mistake.
I said that I had the threat. Remember I've always put it this way.
You shouldn't.
If they feel like you need a little assistance from them,
like they might have something to say.
And so you don't have to talk so much.
You can be damn sure at that point they all hang up the phone.
Oh yeah, well, let them struggle.
Let them get a raw throw.
And then you'll have George arrested the week,
which they probably want that.
They want to hear you bitch about Bell South in your DSL line.
And about Gary Cerner being a real asshole,
which you already know that.
That'd be a good pull to think.
Who's the bigger asshole?
Gary Cerner or Norma Kent?
Here's a call from Miami. When is DS?
What's all ready?
Okay, how about it about an hour sounds good to me.
My voice will be out. I'll retire.
But don't talk like that.
I know that's why I'm working on it.
I did it intentionally.
Here's our last call.
It's in sunrise. Hello.
Great Davis is a moron.
Okay, there's a good call.
Great Davis is a moron.
So I would vote for Arnold based on that.
If I was in California, wouldn't you based on a great...
Oh, yeah, this is a moron.
There's an expert or Gary Coleman.
There's a, or maybe little Gary Coleman,
or maybe the broadwood of big boobs.
What tells your name, Mary, Mary Carey?
How could you, Mary, and Mary Carey?
I'd be Carey.
In fact, I saw her this morning on Playboy Channel,
and she was a little bit hairy.
Hey, deal.
Fuck you.
I said, Mary Carey.
Here, you don't get all that other shape.
God. Talk about sensitive from the grave.
And what a shame.
The Cubs win the division this year,
and here are your six feet under.
All our chip does a pretty good job.
Do you like chipkiri?
It's got like chip beef.
Scott has no idea who chipkiri is.
He's typing over there.
He's typing what?
Oh, he's no idea.
I didn't have a name on there.
Like a couple of calls here and there.
Well, I can tell when I feel like it.
What?
You have a phone call.
How about that?
Wow.
What kind of a shot is that, you asshole?
Boy, this throws in a little bit raw.
It's like a raw piece of liver.
Like an important noise complaint.
Remember, he was like screwing a shoebox with liver in it?
Nope.
That's a Jewish thing.
I say.
I guarantee there was no bacon on that liver.
Here's a call from Sky Lake.
Hello.
John Vaughan.
With Sky Lake, say, there is no such place.
Is this Sky Lake?
Is there?
I don't know.
I didn't ever heard it.
Oh, I see.
Well, you would know.
Here's our real last call.
North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Good morning.
I have a past solution.
You have a what?
I have some past solutions.
Just play a bunch of cards.
It's a shuffling ball.
Oh, it's Woody.
Yeah, it's Woody.
Oh.
Probably had blind Mike Woody.
We had the chompah guy to retire guy.
And then we had the nice leader from the light bulb.
Right.
And then the guy had the light bulb.
We haven't had one real call except the lady.
The nice lady who started.
Oh, no.
Oh, that was it.
And that's all we got on the phone.
See, unless we have a, how many tens of I told you this?
Unless we're building a pool.
Right.
We need one of our pools.
We cause any building today, by the way.
Maybe body building.
But unless it's building a pool, they have nothing to say.
Body building.
Body building a pool.
No.
No.
5 6 7 0 5 6 8.
We have to do a little screenless here today.
Let's go out to have a little time off.
Because he puts all the chronics on.
Now I'll watch soap operas.
5 6 7 0.
Let me figure one o'clock.
I'll talk to the Yankees and twins.
Now who was it that got traded from the Yankees to the twins?
Eric Milton.
No.
Yeah.
No.
That was a while ago there.
I got it.
You talking recently?
Shut up.
I got it right here in my national post.
Okay.
You don't know what you're talking about.
You're so useless, man.
Which is good.
That's what makes you fun is that you're an idiot.
No.
Shannon Stewart.
Traded from the Blue Jays to the Minnesota twins.
So it was a little bit of a slip of the tongue.
Shannon Stewart.
He's playing for the twins against the Yankees and the playoffs.
How do you like that?
Good ball player.
He ain't no Carlos Delgado.
Blue Jays finished 10 games over 500.
I should point out anybody care.
No.
And they also drew 1.8 million fans with a very fairly mediocre season.
They had a little bit of a short run there for while they may collapse.
Still draw almost 2 million people in the skydome.
Marla's drew 2 million.
No.
No more like a million, little over a million.
And it wouldn't have been quite as good except for the front-winding phonies there at the end.
Oh, look at that.
See, screamless they want.
Which means we're going to get a lot of assholes today.
I like that.
I'm in a mood for that because when I have like a sore throat, it cheers me up a little bit.
Doesn't it work for you?
Yeah, sure.
And maybe Gary Sarno will call in and do a voice.
Maybe Norma can't will call in and like make some kind of a lame excuse for being a real asshole.
And a turn coat.
You're a turn coat, Norma.
Don't ever call here again.
Because as soon as I hear your voice, you know what you're going to hear Norma?
That's it.
That's exactly what he's going to hear.
As soon as I hear his voice, I don't care what it is.
See, I'm thinking like David Katz, who's like a real broadcast agent out in New York.
Yeah.
He had me syndicated on 150 stations at the end of one month.
I guarantee you that.
I'll bet Scott's life on it.
I'll take that.
As opposed to Norma Katz, who's too busy trying to play broadcaster and put assholes on a year of former ex-solubrities for about five minutes, wannabes, to rip me an ass.
And the debugged me about his stupid ass bobblehead doll.
Norma, you are such a freaking loser, man.
It's just unbelievable.
A loser.
Loser, L-O-S-L-O-O-Z-E-R loser.
What should there be?
A loser or a boozer?
Boozer.
Ask the Paxing Crowd.
WQA, I'm screenless.
I love you, Neon.
WQA, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I want to talk to the homo.
Okay, the homo's speaking.
Hey, what's up?
How you doing?
How you doing?
How you doing?
How you doing bottom?
What is it?
You at top or bottom?
Medium.
560, 750, 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T line.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hey, Neon George.
You look tough.
Can't hear you, man.
Can't hear you're mumbling.
We don't, we already got one mumbling in there.
We got a little Jorge.
We don't need two mumbers.
It's a broadcaster who'll little on broadcast regulation.
43 C, one mumbling permitted per show.
Max.
That's true.
Did you know that?
No idea.
Well, we came from the opening.
I know.
He's, he threatens your job because if we have him on, we can't have you there.
WQA, I'm hello.
108.
Yeah, yeah.
Wow.
That was norm doing a voice.
Oh, no, that's to be tear guy.
That was guys like six of the other guys.
We have one caller basically and that's it.
Who does all the voices?
They offer him.
I bet you have Paul Winchell's jealous.
And Edgar Bergen too.
You know, I don't know why.
Why?
Oh, Paul Winchell isn't dead, though.
We've been through that many times.
Oh, he is dead.
I kept saying he was dead and then finally he gave up, you know.
He wouldn't tell.
That's hard to argue with you.
He's your one of hand puppet.
WQA M.
Nail.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
Yesterday you were asking how many tickets were sold for the mornin.
I just got it up before you're on that.
I got my tickets today.
They sold over 40,000 for a game three.
They're expecting 50,000 for games three and they sold 35,000 plus for games.
What do you mean 50,000?
Where are they going to open up?
They're going to open up more seats.
All right.
Yes, yes.
So great show and thank you for taking my call.
Okay, thanks for making your call.
So there's a guy who made up some numbers.
No, maybe he's right.
I don't know.
Oh, look at this.
I got vitamin C's all over the place.
You know how you'll suck on one and you'll put it off to the side.
Right.
I do that.
So I got one in my mouth and one waiting on the side.
I did it with cigars too.
I have one in my five six seven oh five sixty.
I guess that's just kind of a dream, huh?
Really?
Never happened for you, huh?
Oh.
As a matter of fact, I didn't think so.
12 minutes past 11 at five past 11.
I thought it was like 12 past one.
Isn't it?
I wish.
Tell me my clock is wrong.
It's time to go.
I'm on Rocky Mountain, a horror time.
Something like that.
The dead air show until two.
Just dummy up.
Okay.
I can't talk no more.
Just dummy up.
Charles, how far is the guy you want to see if you got a big ugly bald spot?
Believe me, they are ugly.
Trust me when I tell you see in my case, at least it's consistent with the rest of me, so
it doesn't bother me.
I'd like to at least be consistent if not looking good.
But you guys can look better and younger.
In fact, even Tom Brady's got a bald spot.
You know what that's got?
Yep.
Tom Brady is developing a bald spot.
Which goes to show you that over a period of time, things even out.
In fact, it wouldn't surprise me in other two or three years.
He looks ugly as crap.
Anyway, if you want to look great, Charles Alphier has got the best, the most amazing natural
heli and system on the market.
Which is why even millionaires and billionaires go and see Charlie to get their hair back.
Because for no price in the world, can you get a better looking piece?
If you don't believe me, just take a look at Mo.
Absolutely.
You want to look like that?
Be my guest.
Go catch a weasel.
If you want to look great, call Chuck Alphier.
Or you may have nothing to lose but your Chinese bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's
30-day guarantee.
After 30 days, if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting
more action than you have done 20 years ago, call up and he'll take it right back.
Get your money back.
And don't forget, if you mention your charges when you call to get an extra $200 discount
on the natural hairline system.
Charlie also serves and repairs all types of hair systems while you wait for only 25
or 30 bucks, not good to be trying to do the spot when you go on these or vitamin C things
in your mouth.
You know what?
That's all right.
The number is toll free 1-800-321-2413.
No obligation.
They sit you down, give you a fee consultation and Charlie will show you how much better
and younger he can make you look.
1-800-321-2413 or log onto their website at Charles Alphieri or as a choice is CharlesAupharari.com.
And he'll look at me.
Her boys go through me like razor sharp needles.
She thinks she's bigger than the freaking Beatles.
Francine, who round like some whack job on track?
We should send Ali when where do I rank?
She's lost her mind just like that North case phara, like a cartoon from Hannah and
Barfara.
I feel so bad for her co-host Jack Ford when she talks it's like nail-bond of like Ford.
Ali when work, this is TV, not some high school play.
So turn down the goofy, it's not I love Lucy or your show go.
Oh, I'm so annoying, they can't be leaking her.
Why someone hired her is now right up there.
It's 1117, I love the way that ends.
In fact, you know something?
No, I want to play the end of that just one more.
Oh, I'm so annoying, they can't be leaking her.
Why someone hired her is now right up there.
Oh, see I like that, don't you?
Yeah.
As opposed to the ones that just didn't like, we're going to rub without the music.
Like the mole ones, you know?
Absolutely.
Oh, like that.
They usually end with a thousand.
What's it like in my Gord's Gordan?
232 votes on Arnold.
What's your take on the next governor of California, Arnold Schwarzenegger?
He's a total of a fool in 72, terminate his ass, 58.
Has to be of error than a great Davis, 47.
He's grade 29.
I still have Easter, Arnold 25 out of 232 votes.
I think about 1130.
Huh?
1130, man.
We'll change the poll and put on the main one.
Just a little freedom, a little foreplay like these calls.
These are the make-believe calls.
These are all the chronics before we get to the real calls.
Anybody believe it?
No.
What?
Oh, nothing, you know it's true.
You know there are the good calls.
I'm in any minute.
You'll see, you watch.
I hope my breath.
WDQ I am.
Yeah, I don't know if this has been mentioned before or not.
But has anybody said anything about all the poster board and all the signs after the Marlins clenched about everybody spelling San Francisco wrong?
Do they really?
Incredible.
How did they spell it?
Well, they were spelling it S-I-S-C-O.
And I'm not talking about one group of people.
I'm talking...
Well, what's group with that, but you mean like an ethnic thing?
Is that what you're suggesting?
Well, not necessarily.
You're not saying you got any illiterate ethnic, you're just illiterate people in general.
Just in general.
Right.
I'm telling you that there were at least four, five, or six totally different groups of totally different assholes who are illiterate.
Oh, well that's the news to me, man.
That's obvious.
Look at the way Arnold is doing in California.
They're supposed to be so sophisticated out there.
Now, this is on Fox Sports Network.
I mean, if you subscribe to the baseball package or whatever, and it's on the ESPN, you know damn well that the whole country saw these groups of assholes.
But I do subscribe to least TV.
If you're good enough to finish first overall the national hockey league, do subscribe to least TV.
Well, I'm closing note.
I would like to call Tom Jicke of Fat Pumpkin Head Prick.
Excellent.
Nice job.
Good call.
See, I totally good call.
Right.
What's wrong with you, man?
You have no, uh, no Fiji.
No.
Try another one.
Yeah, no Fiduchi.
Kuchikuchi, why not get some Fiduchi?
What?
Try another one.
Listen, don't direct the show.
Okay, the last thing we need is another director.
We already got clearance.
We got stuff.
We got Greg standing in a background.
You know what?
Doing the thing with the like a puppeteer thing from the godfather.
Last thing we need to somebody else tell me what to do.
Now what did you say?
No.
I didn't mean it.
WQA, let's try another one.
Hello.
Got him.
He has to love you.
What do you say who loves me?
Got a rear.
Oh, got a rear loves me.
Okay.
Or maybe it was what's your name?
Anne Coder.
Got a rear plus in.
That pastrami bitch.
Oh, here's the free.
Oh, no, Mrs. Oh, on my Bob Delcio, Brad Hanner's drive.
You're given by the great Brad Hanner's.
What's wrong with him?
He's the hell of a driver, you know what?
Ice cream firm agrees fat payout.
A US ice cream firm has settled a lawsuit brought by a weight watching customers by giving them extra ice cream.
Now this is a story we had a few months ago.
I remember about the stupid pigs out there that thought the big daddy ice cream was going to like,
remember that?
First of all, they ever saw Big Daddy nap.
I don't want to tell my story about the famous restaurant again for the 500th time.
You know what I mean?
But about how they were telling me about how they were diabetic and she was going to have a like amputated Mr. Mrs. Big Daddy.
Right.
Mrs. Daddy, which I'm sure they both got to be dead by now.
Daddy.
And they were telling me they were both pouring the Hershey syrup from the can into their.
What do they call it into their new egg creams?
That's what it was.
Oh, they never had any cream.
That's not great.
Huh?
That's not the way.
Oh, you haven't had egg cream?
I've never had an egg cream.
There's nothing eggy about it.
It's just a name thing.
It's great.
No, it's just it's salt or water with the chocolate syrup in it, right?
Right.
And who knows what's good about that?
It's good.
I'd rather eat the chocolate syrup with a spoon out of the can.
I think there's a maybe with a little slough on it.
Like eggnog or custard.
Something's in there.
Hey, you know something.
I just got a great idea.
Instead of eating all of this ice cream, which we're finding out some of it is a lot worse
than we thought, which I'll get to this store eventually, why don't you just take the hot
fudge and fluff and put it like a Marishinoa cheer?
Like a big, you know how they used to make, I don't know if they still do, but hot fudge
Sundays and those tall, last, you know, you know, you're in the fountain.
So, so to go.
Right, right.
Just fill it up with like hot fudge and whipped cream and then put it a couple of few
Marishinoa cheeries and then juice from the cherry can in what the cherry jar.
Okay.
And just die.
Just fall right down.
We're going to die.
Well, what's wrong with that?
Yeah, you can play that game with your phone.
Fall down and die game.
Yeah.
Back at you.
Anyway, let's get back to this very important story because it's a Florida thing.
Well, we know if it's screwed up, it's got to be a Florida thing.
Florida based DeConna had been hit by a class action court case after complaints that
it's famous.
Big Daddy brand was not as low fat as an advertising of claim.
Although marketed toward the health conscious consumer, big daddy has three times as many calories
and some of the labeling claim the plaintiffs argued.
But in a $1 million settlement of the two year old case, the firm has offered angry customers
two scoops of ice cream for everyone they purchased.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
That's brilliant.
Anyone who bought big daddy ice cream between 1995 and 2001 can take part in the handout
even if they didn't have the foresight to save their receipts for the past eight years.
Well, that's got to be a bad mistake, big daddy.
Free ice cream, there'll be lined up from Lyric Opal, Kipsy, New York, Algorithmia.
Okay?
There'll be lined up from Lyric Uranus.
No, how do they avoid people coming back for doubles and triples?
They don't hear.
They don't hear.
They just want you to eat till you die.
In fact, they're loading it up with extra fat.
The case is a minor one with a heavyweight context of US corporate lawsuits,
but it illustrates the growing power of the consumer.
This is from the BBC News, by the way, it's a little big.
US firms are especially vulnerable to class action legal cases
which bundle together hundreds of thousands of claims into complaints
that can sometimes be worth many billions of dollars.
And let's say, in a few hours, that's the end of the story about the ice cream people.
Let me say it again.
Anyone who bought big daddy ice cream between 1995 and 2005
and 2001 can take part in the handout even if they didn't have the foresight
to say the receipts for the past that used two scoops for everyone you bought.
Well, I guess if you didn't buy any, you get, right?
Two times nothing is still nothing, right?
Right.
So you get no scoops.
I guess.
Now it doesn't say where this is going to take place.
I never heard of this ice cream.
Did you?
No.
Until you started talking about it.
Because everyone in the original story came down.
Oh, yeah, we bought that.
I never heard of it, big daddy.
I heard a big daddy nap and I heard remember his hot dog place
on Lincoln Road Mall years ago.
And then that famous restaurant in Danyam, that pink palace.
How many days did that last?
About 30 minutes.
What a disaster that was.
I remember I went into order the kishki on the first day.
Well, it's frozen and it's going to take 17 hours to throw it out.
We don't have that tonight.
Yeah.
But here if you'd like a New York egg cream with about a gallon of Hershey's sirabonnet,
we can chop your leg up.
We can get a three for one deal.
We can all get amputated at the same time you said.
They had like a big buzz saw in the back.
I'm sorry.
W2 AM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
Hi, I'd like to speak with Neo, please.
Speaking.
Hi, Neo.
This is Kathy.
How are you?
Okay, Kathy.
Good.
Number one, I'd like to say they need to double your pay for these people that call.
I don't know if you put up with them.
Oh, it's easy.
In fact, you put your thumb right on it.
And they pay they make it very worthwhile.
Right.
It's no wonder that Swarth and I grew up getting in.
Right.
But I want to comment I tried to get through yesterday.
You were talking about General Wesley Clark.
Well, I didn't see him on meet the press.
And I've been following him for months.
And last night they had the thing on television about investor Wilson and his wife on several stations.
And then they followed up with Wesley Clark.
And they said he's running like three points behind Bush.
But quote, they said very few people know much about him.
Right.
Well, you know, it's very easy just to go on the internet and find out that he was number one at West Point.
He has a master's degree in philosophy, politics and economics.
I mean, number one, a road scholar.
I mean, you know, this is the person we need to lead this country.
And people need to do research.
I know Howard D. myself, CK.
I mean, Wesley Clark would be okay if he could win the election.
But I still like Howard Dean a lot.
Well, I like him too.
Because he wasn't one of these people who changed his tomb.
And all of a sudden, he became a Democrat one day when it became fashionable.
When the Clinton's and other people decided that he was their man that they could manipulate and control.
And the establishment decided to prop him up there and put him into run.
That's not Howard Dean.
Howard Dean's always been a Democrat.
Howard Dean had the balls to be against the war and Iraq from the beginning.
And that's why I like Howard Dean.
He's not a waffler.
Well, and I...
I mean, I think the general Clark even waffled three times over the first weekend after he announced his candidacy.
He's like, back and forth and forth and back.
I'm against it.
I would have been against it.
I would have been for it.
But, you know, I don't know.
Yeah, and I agree at 100 percent with that.
I was for Howard Dean.
I'm a little bit lary about Wesley Clark.
Well, the only thing that I feel that he's the only one.
I mean, all these other Democrats, to me, they were whims.
I said, oh my God, we're not going to have a chance.
And I was following him.
I think Howard Dean's a whim.
No, no.
He's been one of the few that's had the balls to tell it like it is all along.
And I agree with that one.
As opposed to John Kerry, who keeps telling the state he's a war veteran,
which he is, but on the other hand, it was also waffled all over the place.
He looks, in fact, his face looks like it's been run over with the waffle iron.
Yeah, I agree.
He's scary.
John Kerry.
I could think this.
Okay, listen, I got to have a great day, Kathy.
Okay, you too, bye.
Let's just remember anybody but Bush.
She's gone.
27th pass, 11 at 5, 60 W to cum.
If you've got a Bush league job and at Bush league town, here's the answer for it.
I get a new high-paying career.
And you can do it before the year's end.
Manistana Halala, how you're zah?
Call fast train today at 1-866.
See, I can say it anyway at 1, because all the go-am they don't know I'm talking about that.
I do.
Call fast train at 1-866 fast train.
They can have your train insertified before the end of the year.
The demand for computer professionals is phenomenal.
There's no end in sight.
So there's no better time than right now to get you a new high-paying career in the computer field.
Instead of just sitting around out in the field, get you a high-paying job.
Get a big fat paycheck.
Fast train offers job placement assistance, convenient to evening weekend schedules.
And with six load of locations, including four right there in South Florida,
there's about to be a fast train closed by you.
So call fast train today, tool free.
1-866 fast train.
No excuse to say I had a crappy dead end job.
Working for some puts for some ungrateful bastard, no mo.
Call 1-866 fast train or check them out on the web at fasttrained.com.
When you do call, be sure mention Todd Dreck's name.
It'll really put you on in the inside track.
On the inside track, mention Todd Dreck 1-866 fast train.
My life and love, this is 4205 City.
You ain't too way.
Next on Queer Eye for that Palestinian guy, we make over Yasser Erifat.
He's trying to take over the PLO again from that Muhammad Wessas name.
If he's to succeed, he needs some help.
No kidding.
I mean, what is up with that dude, Ragh?
I mean, it's so far in minutes ago.
Really? And that's scraggly beer.
I mean, who are you?
It's going to be our biggest challenge ever.
But we're ready to scrap that drab wardrobe and transform Yasser from a Ringo star lookalike to a...
Well, he's still going to look like Ringo, but just cleaner.
We need to do something about those glasses too.
Oh, we're going to be doing just a ton of things.
On the next Queer Eye for that Palestinian guy.
Thursday night, tonight.
Love the 32 and 560 WDQM.
There's the next premiere of Ontario during McGinty.
They see percent of the stuff that we are putting in the ground.
Right, they're putting them in the ground, everybody.
You know what's that lately? Everybody's going into the ground?
It's a theme.
Anyway.
Oh, and speaking of somebody who deserves to go out of the ground, Miguel.
I notice on our website that Eric somehow has been given the information that the appearance,
which isn't today the van hit that's going to be on Thursday with Joe Castella,
is not just as it knew, but it's new into one.
See, we don't have that information.
Eric somehow managed to get the information.
And if it's new into one this Thursday, I don't think it's even worth our talking about, do you?
No, no, no.
That's what it says on the website.
Take a look on the new guard leave.
What?
That's not that I don't believe you.
It's not that I think we're the Miguel and your cost double be appearing Thursday, October
two from noon to 1pm at River Yamaha, Honda, Yada, Yada, Yada, and a Parkinson's Paratree
in Papua Ovee.
See that?
Sure.
But underwear, it says, we're nationwide baby that pink thing, which I resent the pink thing there.
We all know it's Miguel and Joe or so maybe they're trying to send you a message like Joey Zazai
So it says new to one what kind of I think we're getting sandbag. We're getting a host
We got on one hand. We got Norma Kent who wants to a siphon is much money out of our fundraising to his own personal
Thing there which he's involved in and then we got Miguel on the other hand who's busy in a land of the wall back there and screw in and
So they've only got an hour of their pressures time to go on doing an hour is not my idea of doing a van head
If we ever done that before no, I don't believe so no
I mean we've called it off because it was in the middle of the desert in the driving rate or somebody showed up right but
Well, let's only hope that that's a misprint or mistake by Eric which you know Eric is under a lot of stress and pressure when you wait
400 pounds. You know, it's hard to like make changes in your mistakes
But let's hope that it's some kind of a misunderstanding or mistake because if it's only a one hour thing it ain't even
We're talking about it's another guaranteed failure and that seems to be what we're running into this year
Which is an extra hard year to raise money for charity's not just ours, but everybody is telling us that it's like really really bad
Because people not only don't have a lot of cash, but they're really concerned about what's gonna happen with the economy and even though
It's only a few bucks. They're just a nervous and
Naturally when you're a nervous about your cash the thing that goes right to the bottom is charitable donations always always yeah always
272 votes is the final tab. Oh, there's more on here now, but I'll stick with the one I printed out
That's good enough for me because we're changing a pull now Eric and then you can let go away. I mean go have a good time
Because I don't think I left anything off on a sport or game you dislike the most
Oh, you hate the most that's the word they used on I mean hate is a little strong, but that's what's the an incentive
It's good enough for them. It's good enough for us
We're gonna put some of these on ESPN 2 games on there like you mentioned bodybuilding earlier and the
Logs on a competition not a game
It's not a game. It's not a tumor. It's not a game. It's a contest all right
I could be like male modeling. Is it a game or a sport? No, it's a fag pursuit, okay?
Generally speaking as general Wesley Clark would say
Boy, she was also like a little unital in my side there to well
I wrote scholar and he saw him and meet the press. Oh, that's right. Forget about that. I missed that. I must have been dynamite
272 votes on Arla next governor of California 85 cities a total buffoon
74 said terminate his back home ass
Has to be better than great Davis 52
Ostelovista Arnold 31. He's great
3rd man 30
So let's see positive 30.1 percent in his crowd
30.1 which means negative just about very close to on a virgin 70 percent
Too bad that our crowd is voting in California. You know that right in addition to which these 52 people said has to be better than great Davis
I put all that they know about him. That's why I put it on there
See and then that that's an easy way of saying you know we like Arnold
They're too embarrassed to say we like Arnold. It has to be better than that goofballs in there now that retard
With a bad personality needs a transplant
So there you go. That's the Arnold poll now the new poll the uh the important one very important scientific one
What sport are games you hate the most
Now my list here I put pro wrestling on here because it's um it's uh consider the sport even though you got upset. I who gotta put that on there
pro wrestling boxing
golf
Horse racing now I'm not gonna separate through a bread and harness racing because it's it's just too narrow for this crowd
I mean what's the point? Baseball
Basketball
football
hockey
tennis
NASCAR soccer
Highlight dog racing or bowling. I know if you can name me something else. I mean, I'm not talking about like badminton or a shuffleboard
Huh table tennis curling you mean table. They mean like ping pong right. Why do they call it table tennis?
I mean I realize it's like major tennis court on a table you go only only idiots do that
Don't go don't call it table tennis. It's ping pong
Did the Chinese call it that? How come the Chinese are so called the Ching Chong
Is that what they call it? No
No, why do they why are they so proficient at that? It seems like the Asians they must have a lot of something with little balls
Ah fits right in. Leave me trust me when I tell you
Oh sometimes sometimes
So I
Real surprised in any rate
That's like when you open up a package of Christmas. It looks like a small package
But when you open it up like something big pops up. Well, what were those things that used to um the stakes
Yeah, like you know what I'm talking about the spring snakes they come in a can of
In you know, open a can and a whole thing would like pop
Oh, man, look at that
I'm sure a lot of them were the Asian guys believe me
Remember that one Asian guy was telling about a couple weeks ago. Yeah, we're the hell that he disappeared to
Jesus anyway, what's border game to hate the most and there's the list I had I think it's a pretty good list
Don't you and I don't know what I'm gonna vote for
me either
See like for me. I'll tell you right now it's narrowed down to boxing or golf
Which golf isn't and either one of them is really a sport
On the look at golf boxing of them in board of actor, huh? Just for the board of factor golf
Yeah, but boxing is just with two is violence for the purpose of seeing who can bash the crap out of each other
It's just it's barbaric and stupid is what it exactly that's why it is which it's involved with a bunch of scumbags and Don king
People are really bad people you don't hear if they get all bashed up now
That's a good point people who probably deserve to get the right back
There you go and we're getting paid a lot to get bashed up right like Mike Tyson. Oh, let's take a fundraiser up for my
Instead of a band and pet rescue. Let's give all the charity money to Mike because now he's bankrupt
Oh, don't you feel sorry? He can't pet him like other feds. $10 to $8 million of fight
And now he's bankrupt some some bad discretionary spending on his part. I guess yeah
Take up a fun. Let's have a fundraiser for that scumbag
I'm gonna vote right now
And I'm not gonna tell you which one I voted for already to it is down between two I
Would soccer see I don't hate soccer. I just don't like it. It's boring
Uh, now I made the decision. Okay. I mean you can't sit on the pot all day sooner or later
Duffie you have to decide great can't tell you every time which hand to wipe with okay sooner or later
You have to go get off the pot and like George's light one up
All right to improve education and provide health care and protect the environment all of the things that I campaigned on
I am intent upon being the best young man that I can be it's a little confusing isn't it my husband will be going on
I know to do other people
Thousands and thousands of people across New York and lots of friends around the country
I certainly intend to overlook that all right
1143 17-0 known at 560 W. Come we got an abbreviated to mandatory short day to the 330 all right
And then we got 330 marlins on deck four o'clock 406 to be precise
National league divisional series
Numero Uno I didn't even realize that they numbered the series did you know that Scott yes? They did why do they do that?
They pick a number I guess I see it's kind of stupid anyway because there is only two
Series is in each league but anyway the marlins have to giants 406
And of course tonight we will be carrying the braves at the hosting the cubs at 830
Are we going to carry the Yankees this afternoon?
No, we are not damn it
But we might on a show as a service to our sports nerd audience out there with my career a little bit of the audio I'll find it
In between what is it pre-game at 1230
pre-game at 1145
730 to 830 in between ball games we got the tentating playoff special with Len Casper and Tommy Hutton
That's no relation to Dick Casper or Len Hutton
And then tomorrow we got the marlins game number two at the 406 and also the marna we're carrying the cubs in the braves
Very baseball intensive. We got the hurricane west Virginia mountaineers game on thursday the hump is off like the rest of the week
He's got a really a heavy-duty schedule
Boy, oh boy. We like this mad dogs only an hour and a half today like I keep telling you if see people think I'm joking about that
That's the way we got to work down with science less work more pay more money just keep giving us more money money money money money
We're bringing in all this cash and the less work few hours. Yo, I'm thinking to myself today is although my throat seems pretty good now
Right. I'll clear crystal clear. I want to thank my friends at halls mental lifters
They're a nice company. Give you a lot of mental lifters, but they do make these I like vitamin C
Strawberry and other flavor. Whatever these things are called what do they call
Something to suck on and believe you mean when you got like a
Roth road if you got something good to suck on man. It is good. It's phenomenal. They're a great company halls
Are they really sure home by wonder like all their stuff
They're owned by Warner Lambert a Pfizer company
Were they owned by Warner Wolf?
And they made an England
Nice you. Let's go to the video tape
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 let's see
NASCAR and soccer and golf all tied with nine. I'll tell you I voted for golf. I hate golf
I hate I hate golf and the people who play it and watch it
Oh, you can't say that. I just said it. I can't stand it
Pro wrestling 5 baseball 3 horse racing 2 boxing 2 just the early returns coming in but so far
It's a three-way tie and NASCAR soccer and golf out of the first 48 votes
I thought it'd be tough when it see the first order game you hate the most. NASCAR and golf
There's a chance of violence in both of those
Joe Castell is gonna be parked off about that. In fact, I just got the word. Here's the facts
Because of the fact that NASCAR was even put on a list. Joe is going on strike
He's only gonna be with Miguel at the appearance Thursday from noon till 1215
I just got a call about that and it is a typo
Now see I think I think what they're trying to do is they're they're going to do the appearances for such a brief time
That when we announce it on here by the time you get to wherever they are they'll already be gone right
To guarantee that they can't raise any money for those poor little cats and doggies for band and periscuted all the animals anyway
So let them lose their whole
Minister gets 55 years in prison for wife's murder. Oh
Tyler Texas and East Texas minister was sentenced to fifth and of course in Texas. They're extra religious, you know
Oh, yeah, and East Texas minister was sentenced to 55 years in the slammer yesterday after pleading guilty to murder in the beating death of his wife
All right the Reverend Mike tab
Had originally excepted a plea bargain that would send him to prison for 50 years
But prosecutors increased the sentence after tab tried to commit suicide this spring on the day who was to plead guilty
Now he should awaited till this Saturday in Tampa
Right
Hey, he'll be a special guest right
Maria tab 35 was savagely beaten to death in August 2002 in the percentage behind the Methodist church in the tiny town of troop
Where her husband was pastor?
She was left lying in a bedroom in a pool of blood still wearing pajamas
And he packed her like she was laying still the minister's lawyer F.R. Buck files. Oh
Ha
That's his name F.R. Care fuck files. You don't plan to pose right F and a B as in I can't do it
No, no, no, I was gonna try no no no no no
Said tab accepted the plea and state district court to spare his family and his wife's family the plan the pain of a trial
And was yours children never hurt by it hearing the unpleasant details the gory details
You heard the final whether Mike killed Maria, but rather why he could or files told the AP
I agreed with the decision that would be better to avoid the issue of why
Ha ha ha avoid the issue of why or like dr. Phil says why you know, he said why yeah, what an idiot
He was like movie with the what's his name
What the great actor who was on our act did actors pull
Alliguinness bridge on the river why oh
The ministers that stone faced his Maria tab sister Melanie Olin of the woodlands gave an emotional victims impact
statement in court she told tab he had orphaned his two young children a three-year-old and a 15-month-old
Olin told him that she and her family are haunted by thoughts and images of what you did to Maria
Did she suffer you mutilated her so badly we'd have the chance to look at her beautiful face one more time a
Teryide Olin told tab during a victim impact statement in court
Taps started shipping a sentence Monday will be eligible for pull at about
27 years
Close to it
On the evening Maria tab was killed just six weeks after she gave birth to a second son
A thirties received a frantic 9-11 call from her husband who said he had come home to find his wife. Dave
overturned picture frames and lamps in the bedroom show Maria tab struggled fiercely with the attacker
autopsy results indicate she sustained blunt force trauma to her head and a broken jaw and several places the murder weapon was never found
I wouldn't be surprised if he meets with the same fate as father Gagan
Yeah, yeah, we can only pray
They'll probably turn loose one of those you know really savage brutal uh
Backed to a like molested as a child who's like really pissed off against the world and especially pastures who murder their wives
In cold blood a hard bitten skinhead right to which we would say all right
I'm sure I got plenty of mentalior Texas
Speaking of idiots
Jacksonville. Oh, there's lots of idiots in Jacksonville mostly in Dubal County
A two-year-old left alone for near this story
it's so
You really have to restrain yourself from saying anything about culture. I just want to cry
A two-year-old left alone for nearly three weeks while her mother was behind bars
Survived by eating mustard ketchup rice and raw pasta police said
And probably did a lot of duty in its pants too like like Sheridan when she was down in a pit there on passions
The toddler was what book can you imagine the smell and idol after they heard about it?
And already depressed the toddler was watching cartoons when found by her father police said yesterday
She was suffering from malnutrition what a surprise and was being treated at Wolfson Children's Hospital police said
Daquisha Lee 22 or charge Monday with child abuse because she didn't let anyone know that her daughter was alone in her apartment police
Said she was jailed September 10 on unrelated charges those damn Irish
Ogden Lee who was separated from the girl's mother said he talked to her by telephone at the jail Sunday
She said their daughter was with neighbors
When he got into the apartment the answer had dragged food and toys into the mother's bedroom
And was lying in a baby's bathtub and was covered with dried ketchup
She grabbed me and wouldn't let go of me Lee said it's really a miracle how good shaped my daughter was in
I don't know how she done it two years old
And she was smart enough to eat mustard ketchup rice and raw pasta
And she just been a little bit taller. She probably could have cooked up the pasta and put the
You know a blend of the mustard ketchup and rice right in there with it and they sauce sound pretty good
Peach my mom's cooking as good as well. So like I've told you before everybody can make babies baby
Everybody can make babies know your homophobes out there least one thing all as faggot's we're not making no babies
We are yeah, you're breeding
Peach we do that turkey basser
Brack them all right, so I saw that movie with Jerry Butler
Let's see how many not the singer either NASCAR is taking the lead Joe Joe Castell is gonna be
Surly when he sees this they hate NASCAR see that's a question which gamer sport you hate the most
89 votes NASCAR's got 21 golf Scott 15
Soccer in pro wrestling 10 dog racing six well, why would people hate I I see what the cruelty yeah, you're right
The way well not so much as the cruelty but the way they do to the dogs that can't run fast enough
Uh-huh
Uh-huh bowling five baseball four high-life four boxing three basketball three football three
tennis two horse racing two and in last place
You ready for that Scott ready with only one vote hockey
Incredible corner lead let it go to new undyped over to Tucker. Yeah
Only one so because this is the hockey intensive crowd. I'm gonna show I guess
What do you mean?
It is not that they can talk about or annoy anything about a police day like it
That's a good sign. It is a good sign. There's hope there's hope for this crowd in spite of the retards that you hear on the phone when he's great calls
But what oh, I was just doing one of the retards
56705 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T haven't heard from him in a couple of days now you probably inspired him
Just just like your friend Reverend Jones. Oh
WQ I in
And that one
Oh, that's for you. We'll probably unfold with
Bell south the S L service
Ha ha ha ha. Probably Gary Sarner sicken monos djorge. It's your fault. Oh my god
Got him all surly and bet out of shape w-q-a-m
See I told you yeah I already have bell South gets even with little George
You know that stuff that you were saying for years and I thought you were a crazy person
What is that about how people were dicking with the phone lines during the show and how all right lines would hang up all at the same time
Right, you're a paranoid crazy person. Oh, no, I apologize. Oh, no, you could no seriously
You could hear it. There was like a certain sound that wasn't like the normal sound of a phone hanging up
Or a line I disconnected and they'd all hang up at the same time cool, and so yeah
Oh, yeah, there was somebody like I don't want to say about phone company
But there was somebody dick and I always told you that you didn't think I was crazy as they say in Canada
Surrey for dueting you sorry, mister. That's what you said sorry
Sorry, sparson change mister. Sorry, hey
I haven't I stay anyway, you bastard
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 we're doing screenless. We still can't muster muster muster much of response here. Yeah, but we'll catch up
W Q a n I
Mo holy to leave
I don't think I had that what is that called vibrating moan. Yes, you do
vibrating
No, trust me. I don't have no goddamn vibe. I don't have it. How could you not? No, oh, it's under mo
It's under HD dash. No, I don't have that see. I know I never had you better get that right?
I do have this look I but loose in a gay hotel I have that and
Take off those checkered pants. He doesn't know Chris
I've got five six seven. Oh, what is it wait? It's HD space vibrating
HD space what's the typo?
What do you mean by that I forgot to put a dash in there HD space by I still don't have it. Oh damn it. All right. Don't got it
Okay, excuse us for this internal stuff. I know it's not as good as somebody's sending a phone calls. We're getting today
Most fun. I'm sorry. I do
WQ I am
We can wait we got a lot of time we got about two hours to kill Q. I. M. Hello
Yes, sir
Women's waitlifting this measure and this to prepare that the disgusting sport watch women's waitlist, I never saw it
No bother. How about women's boxing? How about Muhammad Ali's daughter that to me is disgusting and vulgar and pathetic
I'd like to see her get beat up maybe by my homie that way, but these women stretching out these muscles on these how about my him and I'll be against the anirino
What do you say?
5 6 7 have a shake off right and Michael's a fox could be the referee. Now see that's bad
You're making fun of people with parking free and these was just a lot. They're all loaded everyone. You just made a very insensitive
I think they're getting sensitive almost as insensitive as peral
Don't be don't be doing like that let him get into all kinds of jackpots because even kept it back to cities
His own worst enemy and he'll like blow up right and funny or post which we pray I believe me doesn't happen
At least not for another three years
I like to relax by having Mary Magdalen massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour movie
What?
What?
What's your hands and foot?
Pull it upon your zipper
Loosen up your pants and drop them to the floor
Slowly as you can please remove your t-shirt
So that you'll say we'll cool I get real hot
All right now just remove those hooks and back okay with that old familiar snap
Break them
Yeah you got something rather teetifying
I'm dying
Ooh
Ooh
I feel a while not it's coming
This is Dick Keney I like to relax by having Mary Magdalen massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour movie
Yeah we're still good to miss the entire thing get the whole impact my bad
Because I was busy reading this whole list of 800 different supposed games and yeah he just facts me including so many
Facts is a list of about 600 here maybe not 600
Like how do you play pollo you ought to know polo in the italiano pollo and esponial and I don't know it's like a game of chicken
I guess you have to be in your car to do it
Polo with two L's that shows you the intellect of whoever sent this polo with two L's not a game or sport it's just crap
Fishing and hunting are like pastimes they're not like sport or a game right
Beards is a game but let's sort of part easy okay
Curling not American cricket not American rugby not American volleyball to marginal and lacrosse not American
Although they do colleges I guess have lacrosse teams don't do it
All those colleges yes all those snooty colleges like the like the
Like the school and probably you should but too
There you go a foul facts would like eight different names on her 20 or 30 and none of them are good enough for the list
I don't think we need any help for our list I could be wrong about that
NASCAR is pulling away Joe Castello they hate it no wonder your overnight show is going to the dogs quit talking about such crap
Talk about important things like boobs big big boobs now what they talk about on a show and small ones
Because I'm not ready oh yeah I know exactly what you was going to say there too
NASCAR 28 what sport again do you hate the most pro wrestling 20 for all ladies and little kids
Golf 18 golf is for people who have reached synility there is no question about including there's some young people
Already seen out ahead of their time
Soccer third in golf for people who have reached synility absolutely
Soccer 13 dog racing 8 bowling 8 boxing 7 baseball 6 back to ball 4
High life for football 3 hockey 3 tennis 3 and horse racing only 2
So they know hate horse racing they just don't go to it see right well that's because once in a great while like
You know what a great horse comes along once every 30 years you know every
Third man secretary or Seattle slow see we got lucky back in the seventies we had secretary and Seattle slow and affirmed in
Aladar almost same decade were we lucky yes Scott sure and of course in hardest racing we had like Naya Tross and before that
Bread Hanover in speedy Scott and Cam fella and all of these things right into the Netherlands by my house all the time to watch a race
And you never went there
How did you better come on a battella anything that John Campbell would drive
No, you know John Campbell's a great guy I met him once can I name drop a little bit there no I never met him
Yeah, I did meet him once at the pomp and a park. He's a good guy very unassuming and you want to know why cuz he's from Campbellville Ontario
He's Canadian a easy did you know that I bet you didn't think that I knew where John Campbell was from
He's a good Ontario boy. He's no survey figure and I'll say that
Let me just sum it up for you one one quick phrase okay all you got to know is Jackie Moe got it got it
I know what happy at an assty divorce Jackie Moe and he couldn't drive his finger up his nose now all of a sudden it came up here
And he's a driving a mohawk and winning everything inside
Oh
That's what Jackie Lee said
No
Yo George maybe you are aware of this but Jackie Lee and Moe how we're david of the same person
No, I did not know that I would have been a lot seen him together
I'm not Jackie Lee in person
You don't want to believe me heard that call though that you play
When Jackie Moe was driving your horse in a race that was pretty good trick Jackie
He must have been driving a Roman chariot that missed call
Yeah, don't be knocking Jackie Lee okay. He'll start sending you hostile letters
If he's still alive you think he's still alive
Damn it
5 6 7 0 5 60
And for rise and wireless line WHAM fires Bob Lonsbury
I'll get to that let's take some of these important calls
Remember WHAM and Rochester? No
No
I could throw a brick from where I'm sitting right now right over the WHAM studios right across Lake Ontario
Do you believe me? No
No
WQ I am
Alex and Noah is sucked okay
Okay
Don't let me forget Scott one o'clock Yankees and the twins
12 30 pregame WQ I am hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
I'd like to add a sport that I think is very annoying to watch on TV here
And what is that?
It's swimming and or diving
Yeah
How terminal is it to watch somebody swim?
Are you either swim yourself or are you heard?
If you want to swim go jump in a lake
Don't think like Ontario would be good I could swim over to Rochester
Don't you understand that swimming and diving is not like a sport it's a club you more on?
Yeah as far as this is great Lou Davis
And have a great day
See picking on my good buddy Greg Lou Sanis?
Maybe
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 in fact I haven't played that the bend over as Uranus in a long time have I?
Probably one of the here planted a subliminal seed in my mind
WQ I am hello
Stick them
Stick them
WQ I am hello
Hey Neil I am
OK
I think I got one for the list
I know you got a regular football what about a Rena football?
No
5 6 7 0 5 6 D
I mean it has to have a certain stature up to a certain level I mean a Rena football how many people even watch that?
About 30 men
Nobody watches that
You know it's like talking about
I can't even think of anything on a par with that
Can you?
No you're right
I mean the view is like a professional roller hockey
Infinite Tessimal what is it?
Professional roller hockey
Right say same thing
How about skateboarding
OK
I'm sure Scott remembers when he spn and the douche first went on a year
And they had all this time to fill 24 hours a day
And they I mean they still put some pretty marginal stuff on her
But back in those days they would put like kids skateboarding
And they would use the silly most silly as crap
And you think is this a sport?
No
No but it kills them good time and it's real cheap
And now they have the X games
Yeah
And that's why I'm an X viewer
WQA and hello
Oh
Oh
That was mo
Absolutely
Practicing for Saturday
Don't forget Mohawar David at 8 p.m. Saturday night in St. Petersburg
We'll commit suicide right on stage in violation of the new St. Petersburg City statute
And after he gets done they're gonna arrest his sorry old ass
WQA and hello
See your friends again you're right sabotage
WQA and hello
Created to educate home buyers
Yeah
It's Gary Sarner
See it's not good thinking Gary because the fewer calls real calls that we actually get
The more it screws up our opportunity to talk to people out there about other things
And a greater the chance that George is gonna go off on a two hour rant about the Bell South and about his crappy DSL service
I didn't just DSL
There's a long list of things I'm paying for not getting
Like I said in his crappy service that he's really pissed off and fired up about
So if you keep digging with us and putting us on hold there with your Bell South operator
With your friendly voice that you hear all over the world
Who is that bitch? I still want to know
I don't know
Hate that
I'm serious her voice
You can dial in a lot of like even here
Even in candidate you dial up with something like that for one one and there's the same guy damn bitch
What that voice without annoying voice
Probably not like even a real person is probably a computer-jointed voice
Did you think? Right something like that
Because there's such a thing sure there is
Well I bet you that's it
WQA and hello
Hi Neil please
Speaking
Hey Neil you were right before the Yankees did make a trade to Minnesota
They traded Chancy a Roscoe
Oh how same what do you just turn 50 didn't he?
No that's the ZRA
Okay
The great talk artist Jesse Roscoe all the Met fans remember him
Great sadness
What?
The Yankees let him go
Oh were you?
Were you a stop being a nit picker?
One thing you're gonna have to learn about on this show we hate nit pickers
But he did he didn't want to sign in with Minnesota right?
Right
If you say so
See you don't even know
You don't even know and you're correct in this guy
See this is what kills me about you
I think for all needs to slap the Schmidt out of you man
And believe me it hit take a long time to get it all out trust me
Slip your ass in the shape
God
I have never heard how long has he been doing a showger about two months now month a month
Month
I have never heard so much misinformation in just one month in my life
It said maybe on the light bulb
By the way hey Al night would you put a toe on the ground please people are starting to talk Miss Valorina
Put a toe on the ground
WQA am hello
Yes sir
Yeah
You're chronic I don't want to talk to you too chronic
You'll see even if it's not a crank I don't want chronic said we had blind Mike that like set me back about ten years
In fact it would be tired guy I got bad news for I'm gonna have to work like an extra five years now because I've been set back by timetable
And my turn table and my financial capability have been set back about five years by the call from blind Mike
My my my yeah my my my yeah fourteen hundred well you get a life you little puts you quizzling you simple than you
He doesn't like your handicap is a crutch. It is like a weapon. What he doesn't like that name good blind Mike
WQA am hello
We don't like him so now we're even WQA am hello
Hey Neil I'm just calling to defend boxing. I'm a critical thinker and I enjoy the sport completely. What do you mean you're a critical thinker?
What does that mean well George said that boxing is just for stupid people and all that stuff. He's right. I've got to know how to say that
Don't make you feel the actual box yourself to watch two guys try to beat the crap out of each other. Yeah I have two college degrees
But it's what sports is all about it speed it can during it's heart. Uh-huh it's strength right it's not just for dummy
I don't say that as well. Yeah the idea is to inflict as much punishment on the other person that's what sports is all about. Well in a general sense it is.
I mean then you ought to like this president because we're doing a hell of a good job on that. When flicking is much pain and suffering and punishment and death and carnage and bloodshed as we possibly can.
So more power to you see anybody tries to rationalize boxing you're wasting your time with me. You're whistling you're you're farting into a wind storm with me because it's just it's pointless.
It's strictly a macho thing. It is to America what bullfighting is to Spain. It's like the old gladiator games and say and what that was to the romance. It's exactly the same thing.
What's wrong with it's it's an SNM thing. It's a sadistic thing where you sit back and get a vicarious thrill from watching one guy beat the crap out of the other one and it has nothing to do with speed or you know being fast on his feet.
That's all that's all window dressing. Okay. That's all a pot power crap. Unless there's some good blood and guts and bloodier the better it's like the same people are going to hockey games to watch fights.
And believe me I mean I don't the fighting to me is just a waste of time because 95% of fights in hockey are just holding and tugging and grabbing and maybe there's one or two punches in there like I saw in a leaf.
I'm off your own game last time and the rest of it is just it's a waste of time. It's slow. I was slowed down again. It's stupid and but again there's that Don Sherry kind of mentality where oh hey if you take that out of the game.
It's not as masculine you know people that are really wimpy but they want you to think they're real men you know.
You follow what I'm saying I got people who are closet curling watchers on the side like Bob.
It's a shot. It is a shot people who are in their spare time watch a lot of curling like Bob cold.
I'm like you're a boy. I'm going to keep your blood out of the way.
I'm going to back settle by Mark.
It was the luck that just right in the net.
The alcohol on a knee to keep it in.
Let's the right.
Let's go.
That's true.
That's the right.
That's right.
And it's making no choice but you get to stick on it.
But it's nothing to run.
Oh right.
Nice call boys.
Meaningless exhibition game but they need to boot up a little bit last night.
Kids play pretty well.
Leafs beat Canadian 3 to 1 blew the shot off.
I'm ready to be able to write in the last couple of minutes.
What a shame aren't you disappointed by that George huh?
12 13 at 5 60 WQM.
Don't forget the Minnesota Yankee pregame show starts in about 10 seconds.
I got to find out where they're carrying that I would imagine on TSN on the sports network which is owned by ESPN.
Wouldn't you think so?
It's on ESPN down here.
Well so it will be on.
That's the only way you know how to do it though.
He's got a hurts.
Yeah, but you know what?
Not even the other one that's what he's made to do.
That's what he paid to do and that's what they brought him in.
That's a bigger problem than that.
Oh this is an awful show.
It's one of these talk fest.
These sports talk nerd guys.
Some Canadian Jew guy.
Hey it's that time of the year again when a mattressier or something furniture stores run nose.
Fony ad sales.
Now, dial amatris wants to ask you a very simple question.
If somebody doubles the price then says we're going to give you half off.
Is that really a deal?
No.
Is it a sale?
No.
Of course not.
Bogus.
The fact is the reason they do that is because that's the only way they can even come close.
But still don't match the everyday low prices from dial amatris.
365 days a year.
For discount prices on dozens of top names.
Seely, Surtak, tempered, pete, cimmons, king, quail, sirens, and forster.
Call 1-800-Matris.
That's foster.
He would buy it away, Scott.
1-800-Matris.
No nonsense.
No bait and swish.
No house brands.
No fony promises.
And best of all, you don't have to pay a premium for the very best service available anywhere.
You'll get service.
Like you only dream about from the delivery team.
Right.
Number one.
I'm not a customer satisfaction.
Guess what they're talking about on his show by the way right now.
They just showed a hockey fight.
They're talking about fighting a hockey.
Am I a psychic old bastard or what?
We know dirty old bastard.
I'm psychic old bastard.
That's my new name.
30 we call you.
Exactly.
When you call dial amatris, call 1-800-Matris.
Pick the day and time for delivery.
I never heard of a deal like this from anybody else.
But these folks do it like as a routine.
You pick the day like, say Monday between 1 and 3 in the afternoon, 2 and 4, 2-35 to 4-35.
Any tour or window that's convenient for you when you're going to be home seven days a week.
Eight in the morning till 10 p.m.
And I guarantee you'll be sleeping like a baby the first night.
I've been sleeping on the mattress and dial amatris for years and I'm still alive.
You ought to be doing the same thing with low prices.
Same day delivery.
Free setup and removal.
It's easy to see why dial amatris is ranked number one in the world in customer satisfaction.
So don't get condoned by those mattress rooms or furniture store ads.
They can't even come close to matching what you get every single day.
From the great folks at dial amatris.
Call them today.
toll free 1-800-max 1-800-matr.
R-E-S or online.
It's macris.com
We're supporting you 5-60-2-A-M.
60-W-M-Q-A-M.
Oh!
Their ages are golden but they're still rockin' in roll with the rolling stones.
Rolling stones.
Social security.
Recorded live in concerts.
Sully German told, but I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
And the point is that you just see the front all just right.
I wish they gave me a way.
Let's be non-pensions to get around.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The rolling stones are turning gray but they're still rockin' away.
It's got the ride, she's around.
You did it, bitch.
But they're going over now.
They're getting low.
No more irritation.
I'm going up.
I've got Android.
The Rolling Stones, such as security, 3D pens with every CD.
From 19 at 560 WQM, I have a vision.
The Marlins are going to win 4.
Okay.
I had a vision.
The Marlins will win the series in 4.
Official Marlins watch party, the sap noon again tomorrow 3 30 PM.
Shuler's take 2 and 9 relics is where it's happening.
Billy, the Marlins are going to be there.
Marlin Mermaid's interactive pitching game.
What I don't understand is since we have the hook up at Shuler's and maybe it's a scheduling
error since it's very common in our radio station where we only have 50 Chiefs and O'Indians,
what seemed to be, wouldn't today be a perfect day for Mad Dog to be doing a show out of Shuler's?
What's the name?
Right.
Hank to the show there yesterday.
Mad Dog has many shows out there.
But I have a one you know.
I noticed today in the Marlins just on my schedule says Jim Maddich, which doesn't indicate
to me he's going to be doing the show in no place else.
And especially with a big Marlin Giant's playoff game coming up today and a festivity
starting right after we show a 3 30.
Doesn't it make a lot of sense?
Uh huh.
Uh huh.
I see.
Maybe that's why we're not doing it.
Or maybe we are but they didn't just tell me yet.
See what I'm saying?
That isn't that logical to you?
It's logical but then.
Then again it's Q.A.M.
Are we logical?
No.
Let's play the logical song you want to?
You got it?
I do have it.
Wanna hear it?
Yeah.
Oh.
Well, it's a little bit.
Excellent.
So the technician comes out to my house yesterday.
So.
It's a damn good thing I got back.
You're very sorry.
You owe me big time.
You little slimy asshole.
You slime ball.
You little quizzling with your damn halavag and your paces and your tits.
God.
What a disgrace to the subhuman race.
Boy, why I love this song.
This is perfect by the way.
What's that?
What was that?
That was the wrong button.
I don't know.
I'm a damn it.
Gregory and Wes Pine, Wes Bokers, is when discussing Ilya Kazanius today.
I didn't hear you mention that in spite of his artistic accomplishments, he may be
more infamous for his role in establishing the Hollywood blacklist during the early 50s
because he cooperated with the House of American activities during its crazy McCarthy
anti-communist witch hunt by informing on H. fellow writers an era of political repression
on matching our history to send it on America.
Huh.
Well, you know, I did read that in the bio because what did I know about that until the 60s
finally liberated us.
Many writers and artists both in moving TV lost their careers and even some took their
own lives into spare before going to Saint Peter's Saturday.
For this, Kazan was never forgiven by many of his colleagues and rightfully so, by the
way, Gregory, peace of crap, turned to scumbag.
When remembering this man, remember that in 1991 when he received an Oscar for Lifetime
achievement, half the actors and industry members in the audience refused to stand and applaud
him.
Now remember, now it's all coming back to me.
Ilya Kazan, just like Billy Batman used to say.
Batman, Batzen.
Remember, Greg Batzen used to drive a Jackson harness raceway?
Oh, no.
No, Northfield down.
He couldn't drive his way out of a paper sack.
Oh, hi, oh boy.
Anyway, you're right.
Ilya Kazan was a scumbag in a turn coat.
Maybe that's why we're glad he did.
But he did look at the 94.
That's the bad news.
How soon they forget a Pinson, Alabama man, which charged with attempted murder for holding
a gun to which sons had pulling the trigger in the midst of a tantrum after all.
Oh boy, here everything.
Listen, I'm so glad that you fact me this story.
Everything that you need to know about is in this story about the sport holes and especially
the deep south.
I don't want to say redneck south because that would be like a generalization.
You can all be very accurate.
A Pinson, Alabama man, which charged with attempted murder for holding a gun to his
sons head and pulling the trigger in the midst of a tantrum after Alabama's double over
time lost to Arkansas and Saturday.
The bullet narrowly missed 20 year old Seth Logan, who said he picked the wrong time to
ask his dad for a car.
Here are spokesman deputy Randy Christian, said yesterday.
Joseph Allen Logan, 46 and obvious, not surrendered to police Saturday was charged with attempted
murder and domestic violence, who's released from the Jefferson County Judge Sunday on $75.00
bond.
I know we take football series in the south, Christian told the Birmingham news for a
Tuesday story, but that's crossing the line.
The request of said Joseph Logan because his son has already wrecked several vehicles.
Oh, no, oh, wait a minute.
Maybe we're prejudging here.
You know, he had a comment.
He claimed he was just trying to scare his son, Christian.
But you work and probably everybody else around too.
According to the police report, Joseph Logan had been drinking alcohol all the unusual
average football game and began slamming doors, tossing boxes and throwing dishes in the
sink.
I see the least he weighed the leg at home.
After the Crimson tie lost its football game to Arkansas, $35.31, double over time on
Saturday.
Well, Joseph Logan was throwing the tantrum set Logan asked for a new car, not good timing
son.
Oh, Joseph Logan then retrieved a 9 millimeter pistol from his car, grabbed his son by the
collar and pressed the gun to his son's forehead.
The report said, but luckily for a set, he missed.
How can you press the gun to his forehead miss?
Maybe, huh?
Maybe he said what part of the gun he must.
Maybe the kid flinched a little bit, you know, maybe pressed the butt up against.
I see.
He stuck the gun in his lock.
I like them.
Uh huh.
Well, I guess he won't, and maybe the good way to shave your roids off, I'll tell you
that.
He missed, huh?
Talk about a close shave.
So there you go, a little bit of a, you heard if you asked me in that deep south and red
neck, have a man just give me a whole bunch of beer and a football game and a, and any kind
of a shooting piece.
And I'm in a hog heaven man.
Love them hog.
I'll tell you what song I like to help a lot better.
Well, I already played like, and of course it starts with the, uh, Quisha, what that
was your guys name?
We're back.
Oh, that's true.
Uh, yeah.
Yeah, see you don't know.
Howard David.
Hey, it's more Howard David.
Absolutely.
That's what he reminds me of.
A little bit.
A little younger than him.
I was up to the full tone.
If you asked me right out and I named the greatest song in history, mankind, just, just
might be it.
And I really, really enjoyed the scene.
Are my writer what?
So what's the greatest song I've ever had?
I think I might be good by stranger, by super cramps.
Hey, I wore the oxides on.
This is a tape.
Like a king with an angel.
Like a king with an angel.
I'm a jackforn and other.
And I might be moving on.
Radio Tosho's Bob Lanzbury was fired yesterday afternoon by WHAM in Rochester in a wake
of an upper spark by references he made to Rochester's black mayor as a monkey and a rangatain.
Didn't you already have that story?
No, no.
He was suspended last.
Ah, this is the updated.
This is the upchuck on it.
A rangatain.
Like precious on passions who is not a monkey, but an orangutan.
Get it right.
Got it.
And an orangutan who drinks a lot of booze, too, as a matter of fact.
Maybe he's kind of that guy in Alabama.
WHAM released, of course, one of the really bad radio stations in America forever.
Big signal, 1180 on the down 50,000 watts can't miss it.
Ever WHAM?
Of course not, because you were never in that part of the country.
You were never like in any real part of the country.
Not in the northeast.
No.
Everywhere.
It was like in the Enem's belt in Montana.
I visited cities.
I'm not talking about visiting.
I'm talking about living in a place where like at night you could flip the radio dial and
just turn all around here KDKA and WWA and the KQV and not KQV.
We got C-FUN.
We got C-FUN from Vancouver.
That's all we need.
And C-K-L-W and WJR, another boring station.
In fact, if we ever took a poll, of course, in this parochial crowd, who knows what they
would vote.
The most boring radio station in the history mankind, WHAM would be one of them.
Big signal, very, very boring.
So I can't imagine that this guy, controversial, could have been on there.
WHAM released a three-paragraph statement about 330 yesterday afternoon.
They said WHAM, AM, fired on air personality Bob Lonsbury for inappropriate behavior
of the statement reads, after Mr. Lonsbury made inappropriate comments on here, he convinced
that he was willing to face his mistakes and learn from his behavior.
Although Mr. Lonsbury expressed a willingness to change and became obvious to us that he's
not embracing diversity or the beliefs of the station.
But apparently, Earth the station's management is Lonsbury's column today on his website,
where he took shots at those who spoke out against his racially charged comments, including
the Catholic Church.
Oh, my kind of guy.
Love you, Bob.
What are we going to hire him?
Five days in the morning.
Oh, the popular conservative talk show host was suspended for a week, like I said, forget
about it.
Last Monday, and apologized to Democratic Mayor William A. Johnson Jr., in a too many
recording plate on here.
On Thursday, the conservative radio host said he would undergo diversity training with
the author, indefinitely.
It was two controversial marks alluded Johnson's campaign from Monroe County Executive, but
in either, as you mentioned, Johnson by name.
In his first comment, late last month, Lonsbury remarked after an orangutan briefed the escape
from a cage at the Santa Capparque Zoo, headline, orangutan escapes a zoo, runs for county
executive, fascinating stuff.
On Thursday, Lonsbury announced what he said was the last color of his show, music suggesting
a jungle scene with monkey sounds, was then heard.
Are you ready for that?
Oh, no.
But he never, he never mentioned a guy's name.
Lonsbury responded, freaking monkeys, loose up at the zoo again.
That's fine, really fine.
Yeah, and he's running for county executive.
What's with that?
And that's the end of the story.
And so I guess they decided that he wasn't going to be diverse, just perverse, and they
said, bye-bye.
So there's a right wing conservative talk show host gets canned, to which we say, good,
one less, one less fascist on the year, WHAM and Rochester.
Of course, Substate New York, much of it.
Blue collar, right wing, farmer, nose pick, and that's basically it, like the people in
the pew.
1229 at 560 WQ, and of course in Buffalo, we're bowling is their favorite sport.
Now comes the time of the year when you want to have your carpets looking just like brand
new, because actually some people are coming back to town.
Called right concepts right now, you can still take advantage of that special chance to
say 15% on your next carpet cleaning.
I've been talking about these people for over 20 years, and they've been cleaning my carpets
in my home for over 20 years as well.
Just call them tool free at 1-800-248-5071, asking to put you on their stand by list.
And then dry concepts will call it an next time they have an opening in their schedule.
Just the same kind of idea is when you fly on standby, if you're available when they have
an opening, they'll knock 15% off their regular already amazingly low price, and they'll
do the same fantastic unbeatable job they do for everybody else at any price.
And speaking of price, they give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job.
Your carpets are drying a couple of hours, they look and smell brand new like let them
be fresh, and they're drying a couple of hours too.
So called right concepts today, whether it's your carpeting, whether it's your furniture,
poultry, drapery, whatever, they make them all look brand new.
They might even have an opening for you.
The day that you call, you'll get 15% still off the price, the regular price of the job.
Call 1-800-248-5071.
I guarantee you'll never be disappointed with the job that these people do.
1-800-248-5071 or check them out in the world wide web at dryconcepts.com.
In my end, love, this is which we'll buy soon.
You way, yeah.
Be on the banana republic, baby, only in Miami.
John F. Aaron, the taxi cab, a set driver, several parts.
You look at me, so quesically.
I could tell he was in a dark, so I acted out my puncture in with my arms, the trees
I made.
There's no bug that speaks English and immoral.
I went down to Miami and reached where the weather business had seen me.
I walked into a liquor store, but the guy there talks real funny.
I asked him for a pint of Holtion Beamy's ass, knowing the end of what does that mean.
The butter's too English and immoral.
That cornered deli.
Hell, I think I've been Pakistan's English smelly.
Or you can go back to your hour-round.
I came here many years ago, learned my ABCs.
I don't say much is grossiest, I said pretty much.
So get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now.
Stop making me sick.
No but I speak English.
From 34, 26 to 1 at 5, 60 WQM, mad dog to the 330 to pre-game festivities, 330, 406,
Marlins at the Giants in the first game of the year playoffs.
Excited about it?
No.
Come on, get with it.
Jump on that bandwagon.
I'll hop aboard like Chris Moore used to say.
You said it?
Oh yeah.
Okay, what the sporter gave you hate the most is our main pull question of it.
We did a little pull on Arnold before.
We pulled him.
He liked it.
NASCAR 48.
Pro wrestling 43 is on a way up toward the top.
Seems like side by each those two.
Golf 28.
I'll just change again.
Damn it.
Look how many golf has got 30 for golf.
I voted for that.
Can't stand it.
Soccer 18, boxing 14, bowling 12, dog racing 10, baseball 10, basketball 8, 10-6, high-life
5.
How many football have?
O-Footballs in the last place.
How many football have?
How many football have?
O-Footballs in the last place.
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
How many football have?
Every office has what she's bad attitude, girl.
Cindy, where's my mail?
Probably in your box.
Did you go get it from me, please?
Can you see I'm busy?
Let me see.
Four down four letters.
What's the name of that blonde?
It's a big boob on KRP.
You remember that?
What are you talking about?
Blank Anderson.
She's richy and she's richy.
You're wasting a fat mood.
Everything's a father.
And she's just plain old rude.
Anything can send her off.
And into a world.
Every office has what she's bad attitude, girl.
Cindy, I'd like you to meet Bill.
He's a new employee here.
A run while you still got time.
She's just kidding, Billy.
Glad you're in a door at a place.
Is a can.
What else do you need?
Show him what his Xerox machine is.
Where the heck is it?
The last time I used to, I Xerox might butt.
I want you just introduce him to the boss.
You're looking at him.
You wish.
Pro 47 and 560 WDQM only 13 minutes away from the twins in the Yankees.
Are we carrying the game?
No, but we might find it somewhere.
What sport or game do you hate the game?
I hate the most.
That's our poll question today.
If it was good enough for CNN a couple of days ago, it's good enough for us.
And we'll do it better.
NASCAR 62, they hate it.
Pro wrestling 50.
Golf 33.
Soccer 26.
Bowling 18.
Boxing 14.
Baseball 11.
Dog racing 11.
Basketball 11, of course, that's a show sport.
Horse racing 8.
Highly 7.
Hockey 7.
Football 7 and tennis 26.
They like it when they're hot people are playing tennis.
Like Anna Cornelhoidja.
Right.
And Andy Zerotic and Marc Filippucci.
Well, actually, there are some.
I've always wondered what are their certain sports where like all of the participants are really grotesque looking.
You know, basketball I can understand that because they're all about the seven foot freaks of nature.
They respect their freak to be like good looking, right?
Right.
And of course women's basketball are all about their bull bikes, really, mostly.
By the way, how's the WNBA doing in Miami, Scott?
The who?
Exactly.
Oh, they got a team?
Paul Krugman writes, and I didn't get this on.
I urge everybody to go to our website at neo-riders.com.
We got 23 stories on there.
Each and everyone must reading plus two brand new cartoons, which are really cute.
But Paul Krugman and the New York Times today, and I didn't get this on,
or apologize, they're going to be more work for you.
It's all read it.
Can I read it even when my scratchy voice could do?
Who's sorted now?
Remember that song by Connie Francis?
Who's sorted now?
Yeah, remember that?
Poor Connie.
But they put her away.
Well, that was all that time in Fort Lauderdale, you know, when she was in Fort Lauderdale.
Put her away in a rubber room for a while.
Happened almost to everybody.
Paul Krugman writes, in the Times today, it's official.
The administration, the one-score-und nation building, now says that it's engaged in a modern version of the Marshall Plan.
But Iraq isn't post-war Europe, and George W. Bush definitely isn't Harry Truman.
Indeed, while Truman led this country in what Churchill called the most unsorted act in history,
the stories about Iraqi reconstruction keep getting more sorted.
And the sword-adness isn't as somewhat have you believe a minor blemish on an otherwise noble enterprise.
Chronyism is an important factor in our Iraqi debacle.
It's not just the reconstruct as much more expensive than it should be.
The really important thing is that Chronyism is warping policy.
By tweeting contracts as prizes to be handed to their friends,
administration officials are delaying Iraq's recovery, with potentially catastrophic consequences.
It's really mentioned nowadays, but at the time at a Marshall Plan Americans were very concerned about profiteering in the name of patriotism,
to get congressional approval, Truman had to provide assurances that the plan would not become a boondoggle.
Funds were administered by an agency independent of the White House,
and Marshall promised that priorities would be determined by Europeans, not by Americans.
Fortunately, Truman's assurances were credible.
Although he's now honored for his post-war leadership, Truman initially wrote to prominence as a first crusader against war profiteering, which he considered treason.
Iraq's reconstruction by contrast remains firmly under White House control,
and this is an administration of by and of by and for Chrony capitalist.
To match this White House's blight-lack of concern about conflicts of interest,
you have to go back to the Harding administration.
That giant no-bid contract given a halibut in the company that made Dick Cheney rich was just what you'd expect.
And even as the situation in Iraq slides downhill, and the Iraqi governing council demands more autonomy and control,
American officials continue to block local initiatives, and are still trying to keep the big contracts in the hands of you know who.
For example, in July two enterprise and at least in firms started offering cell phone service in Baghdad,
setting up jury rate systems compatible with those of neighboring countries.
Since the collapse of Baghdad's phone system has been a major source of post-war problems, coalition authorities should have been pleased.
But no.
The authorities promptly shut down the services.
Cell service they said could only be offered by the winners in a bidding process,
one whose rules revealed on July 31st, he carefully decided to shut out any non-American companies.
In the face of strenuous protests, the rules were revised, but still seem to favor the usual suspects.
Oddly, the announcement of the winners originally scheduled for September 5th keeps being delayed.
Meanwhile, only Paul Bremer and his people have cell phones, and thanks to the baffling decision to give that contract to MCI,
even those phones don't work very well.
Aside from the fact that its management perpetrated history's biggest accounting fraud, MCI has no experience in building cell networks.
Then there's the electricity.
One reason Iraq still faces blackouts is that the local experts in institutions were excluded from the repair business.
Instead, the exclusive contract was given to Bechtel, whose republican ties are almost as strong as Halibutans.
And if a recent story to Washington Post is accurate, Bechtel continues to ignore pleas by Iraqi engineers for essential spare parts.
Meanwhile, several companies with close personal ties to tap administration officials had begun recently offering their services as facilitators for companies seeking Iraqi business.
The former law firm of Douglas Fythe, Pentagon under Secretary Hoversy's Iraq Reconstruction, has hung out its shingle.
So is another company headed by Joe Alba, who ran the Bush-Chainy campaign in 2000, and ran FEMA until a few months ago, and a third-entrant is run by Ahmed Chalabi's nephew.
There's a moral here, optimistic to expect the administration to get its Iraq policy on track or kidding themselves.
Think about it. The cost of the occupation is exploding, and military experts warn that our army is dangerously overcommitted, yet officials are still allowing Iraqi Reconstruction to languish, and the disaffection of the Iraqi public to grow while they steer choice contracts to their friends.
What makes you think they'll ever change their ways?
As Paul Krugman, it is great as usual coming the New York Times today.
As Paul, depressing, but true.
Yes.
But Ahl is going to be governor of California.
That's how astute the American public is, man, but astuages.
Absolutely.
He knows the stuages.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon, Marlon's Plenty.
Don't forget, Fishland Marlon's Party, the Wax Party, 330 this afternoon, the Chulestake II.
Billion of Marlon's going to be there.
Marlon Merbade's going to be the interactive pitching him.
So I guess, Mad Dogg is doing the show in the studio, right?
I guess. I haven't heard of it.
I'm going to assume that Mothra, the current society would have come running and said, oh, you're right, Neil.
He is doing the show after, because of the ball game and all this stuff.
I don't know if it's a good idea to do it.
But remember, everyone's in budget meetings today.
Oh.
Was that what it is?
Yeah, I've told you that in the beginning.
But I forgot.
I know.
I was listening to him.
I got it.
I'm tired of hearing about his medical report every day.
WQA, I'm Hello.
The funds major trans-app.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, buddy?
I'm doing great.
Listen, I don't understand a couple things about what's going on out here today.
As far as this George Bush character, can you, I don't understand how people can follow this guy around like sheep the way they do.
It amazes me.
Well, if Arnold Schwarzenegger's got a huge lead to be governor of California, what does that tell you about the political stuteness of the American public?
You deal with a bunch of morons.
If 69, just a couple of weeks ago, 69% of the public said that Saddam Hussein was behind 9.11.
And then even after Bush and Rumsfeld and Wolfowitz said, oh, guess what?
He wasn't. There's still a whole bunch of people.
Oh, yeah, that's definitely involved.
The human idiots.
It amazes me.
If, when this reelection comes up for the president and George Bush is reelected, if he is reelected for president, I have got to tell you that that's going to really speak volume about this country right now.
Well, I'll tell you one thing if he's reelected.
If he's reelected, I'm going to be seeing a lot of you at the Canadian border.
You probably will.
And if you look at the money trail, if these Republicans have left over the years with the banks and all the scandals and Halliburton and then, and then, and then, and, uh, jub down there, the jub myster, what he did with the local, brown banks or whatever.
I mean, it's all, it's, it's as clear as the nose on your face and nobody can, nobody wants to see it.
Yeah.
Well, how about the fact that jub got caught with his damn mouth open, they ran a tape on that audio equipment, Pensacola before the election.
He's got devious plans to subverk the will of the public, which he's tried to do since they passed the class size amendment and they go ahead and overwhelmingly they put him back in there again.
It's like you can thumb your nose at the public and they'll say, hey, we like you a lot.
Let me vote for a few times.
I can't understand it.
It amazes me.
How many people will run around and just not see the facts for what they really are.
You know, when you're part of people, when you're perusing the radio and you listen to other people on the radio and you hear some of the slow that there's few and on the radio, it just it blows me away.
I don't think that anybody with a clear conscience could sit here and say to you or anybody for that matter that what this guy's doing right now with this Republican party is doing to this country right now.
In any way, since they've taken over for the last couple few years, have they done anything that they can stand behind and be proud?
Let me tell you this.
Another American soldier killed and bagged that this morning in several more wounded, which we're not hearing too much about the wounded or in their injuries, but it's really a grotesque picture.
And the market has taken another plunge.
All this phony baloney rally is markets down 86 to down the Nasdaqs down 25 is this phony rally with this rampant unemployment.
It's not going to last.
Even I know that.
Exactly.
I'll see it.
I'll see it.
I'll see if the Niagara Falls border man.
You got you.
Okay, bring your passport.
Everybody in Niagara Falls.
Not that kind of fall.
Maybe we'd like to go over in a barrel.
Maybe the guy that's going to commit suicide in St. Pete on Saturday should reconsider and come up in Niagara Falls and try to go over in a barrel.
What have you said?
It's been done.
Be a barrel of life.
Roll it out.
What is that supposed to prove by the way going over the falls in a barrel?
It's supposed to get you chicks.
Oh, I guess it's called something to do, you know, attracting attention.
People are bored.
It's something to do.
12.56 at 5.60.
How about that ball game?
I'm going to during the break.
I'm going to prove it's around and make sure I can find it because I want to get some of the audio.
Because what do you know about it?
Well, Scott.
Can Scott put it up in here?
I sure can.
Yeah. So you Scott can put it up because you're I don't want to like question your technical agility, but on the baseball you're like, you know, you would know a pitch from the bitch.
Otherwise, I'm an asshole in the idiot.
And don't be talking about Mo's wife like that. No more.
I can't believe the way Scott talks about Mo's wife, you know, real man.
Well, I guess it's not a stinky smelly hole and stuff like that.
By now you've been here about laminated Sir Us on this program for a very long time and how laminated would flooring from laminated Sir Us is the easy low maintenance alternatives in actual flooring.
Am I right?
Yes.
Laminated Sir Us is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in the Venice, Perid or Pergo, listen our uniform and quickstep.
So instead of spending tons of money on actual wood flooring, here's the answer for you.
And laminated Sir Us, they've got all the top names all installed by Pergo certified in stars.
Here's another great reason to call these folks.
Their prices are so low up.
Can we do it again?
Their prices are so low.
It'll absolutely.
Floria.
Right now get their September kickoff special.
For just $19.95 you heard right.
Just $19.95 gets you up to $380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring.
It is positively unbelievable.
Laminated Sir Us will match any legitimate offer to us.
How can you beat that?
For a free in home estimate call laminated Sir Us toll free.
1-877-773336.
Be sure to tell me the craggie ancient neal told you to call them.
Make it so simple you can't beat it with your stick.
Free carpet disposal, free furniture moving at $25.00 and years and years of beautiful easy care.
Laminated wood flooring.
Call them today.
Laminated Sir Us 1-877-773336.
My life and look all this is 4.305-6-2-1-2-1-2-1.
Not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
This one makes the third rock that I got.
Two bears so said Jenny keeps the rock.
Just to have a little now I have a lot.
The metal gluey wasn't in my diamond stock.
I deserve every rock that I got.
No way they say Jenny keeps the rock.
But the stomach has put thin and hot.
The metal where I go I have a flaming box.
Once was married to a gentle christian.
Even with the stomach who may know it.
And everything living with dark recognizing him?
Everyone in black believings can't help but be a true companion.
Yeah come on out here in high sense T  inverters!
So sad, Jenny keeps a rock, I spills little clothes, it's pretty tough,
so I gave him out of shock, but I still for fans, come.
It's 102 at 560 WDQM.
Mad Dog will be on, I love this fact.
This tells me what he's all about.
Yes!
Yes!
Now, he didn't show from Shula as he just decided he's going out there,
because there's no management types to decide.
They're all in budget meetings, and there's John Miller.
He's in play.
And the Yankees had that sense of urgency now, because...
If anybody out there was saying, see if he weren't in some foreign country doing his show,
Neil, you'd be able to put that ball game on, he had it, well, there it is.
The trend's not back for the second time.
There's Joe Morgan, by the way, who's just as dark as ever.
And...
Yes, just so you know Kurt said that Mad Dog heard you, saying that he ought to be there,
and he thought to himself, you're right.
Yeah, we got the set up out there, we can do shows from there any time,
we want to get the little studio there, all set up,
he's got to do his work there, and you know,
so he made an executive decision, and there's...
See, that's one thing I love about the Mad Dog.
Yes!
Yes!
He doesn't like a lemon, you know, and go along with man as a man.
If they screw up, he'll say, hey, you guys screw it up, I'm going to go do it this way,
the right way.
And I school a Mad Dog, you're the man.
He is the man.
I would say next year is truly, and maybe he's even more popular than I am.
I don't know, but it's pretty close race.
And then, for Ellen Hank, not necessarily in that order, and then Eddie Kay,
and then the big O, and then Geltie, and then Joe Rose,
and then the Gurgly man, and then Joseph Gackie, and then...
Absolutely.
Oh yeah.
So anyway, Eric was very defensive about the fact that there was this so-called typo and his supremac...
He emails me, and here's what Miguel sent him last week, okay?
Just to prove that it's not Eric this time since you like picking on him.
Best of near Roger's van hits for October and November,
in fact, here's the list of all of them.
Okay?
Okay.
All right.
Which I notice, I'm not seeing anything.
Anyway, all from...
No, wait, all, all, all!
I didn't even notice this myself.
I quit.
Okay, I'm leaving.
I'm going to retire right now.
All from noon to 1 p.m.
I say.
Okay.
Sponsored by the other pages.
All of them.
With each donation of 20 bucks, we'll hand you your choice of best of near Roger's 2002, 2003 CD,
Consider Howard David Keychain.
Also while they last, you manage Keychains.
And then starts Thursday, October 2, every...
Yama-Hah-Handa, 3671 North East Sierra, Pomegranate Beach, special appearance by Joe Costello,
and then Scott the List of the other ones.
All it says from noon to 1.
Well, that's the typo.
Well, let me ask you, how much money are we going to raise in an hour, huh?
About third, man!
If we're lucky.
It's a typo.
And at this rate, if we raise $20 an appearance by the year 2525, with Zaguar and Evans, if they
pay you in, we can raise a couple hundred grand.
It is a typo, are you sure?
That's what my young son said.
Who did?
Make Gal.
Yeah, he's full of crap.
It's a typo.
He's the one that wrote it.
He oughta know if he made a mistake.
Yeah, we emberst him into what?
We emberst him out of it.
I'm telling you right now, man.
I told you earlier.
I told you earlier.
We saw Yogi bearable for the ball.
He ended up reminding us of the way it used to be here.
I tell you, Jo Angel is better than John Miller.
I don't care what rumor or anybody says.
John Miller's got a great voice, but he's just fake.
I don't like to fake excitement, you know?
Do you know what I mean, Scott?
What'd you do?
Like on a closed plate, guys, you know, trying to steal home.
He said, you know, he melodramatic, but fake.
Yeah.
Fake.
See, ever again, if a game is exciting, you don't have to fake it, you know?
Like when Bob Prince would get excited when the pirates would have like a great player or home runner's
he didn't fake it.
It would like January 7th enthusiasm, you know?
Like Joe Bowen when Elise Scorey doesn't fake it.
You don't say?
I don't know.
Could I do that again in a million years now?
I just hit the rewind and hit the place.
See, see, I got the psychic power, man.
If I could just use it in some productive way, can I do it?
No.
I'll get the track.
At the track.
All you got to know is Jackie Mo.
China expresses strong indignation to Japan over alleged orgy.
All right.
China has expressed its strong indignation.
And see, you want to know what I love the best?
I know the dog.
What's that?
What you love the best?
Oh.
Anyway, I'm not really that crazy about it.
Japanese people, I shouldn't say that.
They're ugly.
I don't want to say that.
But generally speaking, how come there's so many good, I've actually seen this before, you don't know, because you don't know from other.
No.
So many good looking Chinese people, men and women, and Japanese, there's something, I don't know.
I think this is what I find.
Maybe it's one of those bombs, you know, on a bomba grande.
Maybe mutations.
You think that's what it is?
Put me.
I'll be damned.
I think it would be fine.
No, you just interrupted me.
See, the fact that Mad Dog made that decision on his own, listening to me, suggesting it.
What does that tell you?
That means he was listening to this show, right?
Unlike certain other people on this station, you're always touting, oh, I don't listen to that show.
I haven't listened since a year ago, blah, blah, blah, blah, and I listen to Fox Sports because I love Romeo, you know, all out of the crap.
Absolutely.
See, that's a difference, okay?
Team Player.
I'm not saying that every now and then during a break, or maybe if I'm talking about some crap, you know, that embarrasses him like Tom Brady's hot, he'll turn over, you know, something like that.
See what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
But he was listening to this show, and he understands where it's at.
I'll admit he likes Tom Brady.
He likes Tom Brady.
He's a very handsome young man.
Who can't see that?
That's true.
Even though he plays for the wrong team in your opinion.
I noticed on some of the highlights, so I was watching NFL on Sunday that they got the mad dogs voice on their all over the place.
You know what that's got?
Yes, I do.
They got him in the back screaming and wailing and doing his thing, which everybody loves.
Anyway, China's expressed its strong indignation over criminal orgy involving.
What is the first picture that's right down a pipe, baby?
Where the hell's the audio?
Time, veteran on fire, the crew chief behind home play for you.
It does have a great voice, though, John Miller.
I mean, phenomenal voice.
If I hit his voice, I'd be making 100 million years.
Do you know that?
No.
I'd have a different agent, too, when it wasn't stabbing me in the back and playing fast and loose with my emotions.
And acting like an overgrown child.
See, that's the problem with Norma.
He never grew up.
You know people like that?
Yeah, me.
No, not seriously.
He never grew up.
He's still like an overgrown child.
Kind of like somebody else we know.
Absolutely.
Anyway, a criminal orgy involving hundreds of Japanese tourists during an urgent meeting with Japanese Embassy officials.
The four ministry said.
Is that a fair ball?
It's a fair ball down a lot.
To it out of the crowd.
So it's an automatic double.
Ground roll double.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Up and down the field.
Man, do I hit the Yankees like poison?
How about Scott?
You hit the Yankees?
No.
Oh, asshole.
The alleged orgy at a hotel in southern China's Zuhai city is sparked public anger.
Pubic anger is a reportedly replaced on September 18th.
On the eve of the anniversary of the start of Japan's WW2 occupation in China, September 18th, 1931.
Bad timing.
That's what really poured them.
This criminal incident of an odious nature.
Hmm.
Could you smell that?
I told you about that body order.
Harm the feelings of the Chinese people also seriously harmed Japan's international image of four ministry official toll Japanese diplomats Monday to ministry seven on its website.
I run over to third and he just goes ahead and wants you.
Good fun.
So they're playing for the first one here.
One or my third one out.
Nice going twins.
One run at an ending sounds good to me.
Nine zip.
It's your boy Shannon Stewart.
The Cheat Seattleia.
Former Blue J.
Chinese side hopes the Japanese side will teach its citizens to strictly abide by Chinese laws when visiting China.
Step up moral restraint and not do anything that is illegal or would harm the feelings of the two countries peoples official said.
A Japanese embassy spokesman said Japanese official said at the meeting that such innocent would be regrettable if it indeed occurred if it occurred.
And they got pictures of it all over the place.
This is on Yahoo.
There's pictures of it.
Really?
Oh yeah. There's like naked Asians orientals.
And the first yeah, at least I at least I trained you on that the difference between Asians and orientals and there is a difference even though you used to deny it.
Yeah, you trained me.
Right.
No, it's true.
Sure, whatever you say.
Asia.
And you've had some people who live in Asia are not all orientals.
People who live in Indian Pakistan and Russia, the part that's in Asia aren't orientals.
People who live in China and Japan and that part of Eastern Asia.
They're orientals.
I wasn't agreeing with you before.
I was just saying what they say.
I don't care what they say.
I'm telling you the way it really is.
Who gives a crap what they say.
They do.
It's like everybody says they're hot too.
Does that mean that they're hot?
No.
It is hot as hot as hot as hot in North Pole.
How is the pole coming speaking of pole?
Well, we got to get this run in here.
Okay, for the twins.
And it's a mid-carbage crack to knock in.
And we don't want to see the guys in the dugout.
They want to see the green one.
We have to get some of the scenes in.
And after two car balls, he's broken a choke.
Well, this is in Yankee Stadium, of course, since they want to guide them with a better record.
The pitch out of this situation, he can.
How about the twins, by the way?
What a slap that is in the face of the Bud Light and all the baseball mavens.
I wanted to like, you know, just wipe them in the soda out.
And when it down, wipe them out, right?
And Montreal.
Contraction, I'm not sure all he should.
Three and one now, maybe.
Three balls in a strike.
Here comes the first run of the game.
Can you smell it?
It's coming in.
I mean, if he actually ends up walking, then K, but you least the mid-live, you'll can drop back for the double-twins.
Here, he's going to say the first run.
Who are these twins anyway?
The problem is you do not want to put a lot of runners on base to the middle pole scene.
George would know Shannon Stewart from Dick Stewart.
The double-play, you just do not want to have a lot.
From Jimmy Stewart.
Out there.
It's very long.
Oh, there it is.
There it is.
What is it?
It is your castle, man.
It's really beautiful.
Is there any heartwell said he stood by like the house on the side of the road?
He's not knowing how well say that?
One of the chains up our roads and it has a lot of problems.
You have to throw a nut one.
Now you may see something off these because you only have to make sure that you're talking to them.
Wow, I don't know the least part of my mind.
I just have to stay up here and there's two freaking outs.
Are you laughing again?
No.
You're pulling for the Yankees, huh?
Kind of.
See, you're from Jersey.
You should hate the Yankees.
You should hate the Giants.
You should hate the Yankees of Vey and Baseball.
You should hate the Jets.
No, you should like the Jets.
No, I hate the Jets.
See, screwed up.
Would you draw him a diaphragm, George, and straighten his sports to the thing out?
They'll straighten him out.
For a minute, first of all, that was ball four right there.
My right there was like shoot tops.
Well, that's...
That was almost on the ground that pitch, which is why I just tapped it back to the monitor and had to stay up there
and it threw him out like with ease.
And others, two outs, and it's going to take a hit or a wild pitch or an error and there's another one in the dirt.
Hey, if you're underpaid and overworked and they treat you like crap at work,
if your boss is a real major, you're a schmuck and it's not worth all the grief because you're not making no cash,
here's the answer for you.
Get yourself a new high-paying career and you can do it before the brand new Goeshie New Year.
Call Fast Train Today Tool 3 at 1-866 Fast Train.
They can have your train insertified before the end of the year.
Right to the short stop, Chief.
I got it. Don't put it on.
Don't be putting a ball game on it, Ed.
Can you believe he did that in the middle of my spot?
I don't.
And he puts the game on.
That's right.
That's right.
What if I start to say it's an easy ground ball to short and the ending is over.
Wasn't that sufficient, I think?
Okay.
I think...how many strikes has he got so far?
About third, man.
The demand for computer professionals is growing like crazy and there's no time better than
right now to get out of your rut out of that dead end job and get you a new high-paying career
in the computer industry very seriously.
You can turn your life around and get a big fat paycheck and really have a life.
Fast Train offers you job placement assistance, convenient to evening weekend schedules,
but six local locations of only four in South Florida, it just makes sense there's bond to be one nearby you, right?
So pick up the phone and call Fast Train today and don't forget they offer financial assistance
for people to qualify as well.
Call 1-866 Fast Train and get your life out of that rut off of that treadmill.
1-866 Fast Train, check them out on the worldwide wicked web at fasttrained.com
and when you call, be sure and tell them that time-dreck suggested you might give them a shout.
1-866 Fast Train.
That's my life and look all this is for radio by city.
You ain't too way, am.
That's two.
Happiness, peace, a sense of well-being, a sense of life.
Sense of self-worth, it comes from the inside out.
It doesn't come from the outside in.
That's crazy.
That's the feel-why.
Do your eyes do that?
That's the feel-try.
Do some of your own things.
What makes you think that you do have the right to judge him for getting a few penalty for you to put mine into it?
That's crazy.
That's crazy.
That's crazy.
That's crazy.
That's crazy.
That's crazy.
That's crazy.
That's crazy.
That's crazy.
That's crazy.
That's crazy.
That's crazy.
That's crazy.
That's crazy.
A police investigation is underway after a teenager reportedly claims he was raped by a group of premiership footballers.
The 17-year-old reported an alleged attack to police in central London, Scotland, the art confirms.
The alleged incident is believed to have taken place at a west London hotel over the weekend involved eight premiership footballers, while they were just ballin'.
The son reported the girl consented to sex with the player from one premiership club, but seven other footballers from other top division club then forced themselves on her.
They balled her.
The girls claims are being investigated by detectives on operations sapphire, the Metz Task Force Detectal Sex Crimes, operations sapphire as a base hit.
Detectives will take a statement from the girl before making further inquiries with anyone she claims is being involved in the alleged attack.
A scholar in the art spokesman said we can confirm that the Metro police service have received an allegation of rape from a 17-year-old female at this stage of being inappropriate to comment further.
A source said the investigation was still an early stage.
Rape dated by seven footballers after she read in just one.
Well that's the way they do it, isn't it? Like gang vangs? I guess.
Which I've always kind of figured that's kind of a fact thing. You know what a whole bunch of guys get together naked and they stick it out and they're like, oh, it's kind of like a faggy to me.
Maybe I'm wrong. No, not just to you.
I see. Kind of like when Joe Castellar you took him to the swing club that time and something swung that he wasn't expecting.
That's why he dodged it. That's why they called a swing club, Joe. You know what I mean? Right in his push.
Wow. From some crappier queen, Joe Zajal.
Otters, a foul back. Is he agile?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, mad dog. We'll be doing a show. Thanks for your truly.
Well, listen, in the absence of anybody in programming or management or anywhere, somebody's got to take the bull by the reins right, by the horns by the ass.
And so I suggested what all the respected with the playoffs starting today, all the bandwagon jumping and phony baloney enthusiasm of the South Florida audience out there.
Let's let the mad dog be the mad dog and do show from shulas and be out there in the middle of the crowd.
Get everybody whipped up with that big Marlon's watch party starting at 3 30 since he's he'll be like the pre pre game, right?
Right. He'll be like a little bit of four play before the before the game.
So he'll be doing the show out there between two and 3 30.
And then of course we got the official pre game at 3 30 in the game at 406.
She fakes orgasms. I fake four play. Excellent.
5 6 7 0 5. This is my last attempt for calls here this hour because I've been pretty lame. They're probably watching the ballgame.
What do you think? You think 2 and 1. Who the hell is it bad? Who's up there Scott? Jason Gianbi.
Oh Jason Gianbi. Is he kid in the boot? He looks you know something. He looks a little like boot.
Oh, you could use a little boot loss more weight. What a tub. He is. I know he's a hell of a player, but he's a tub.
So is Babe Ruth. I know that's what they would say. Now what they always say. Roger Clemens got a huge ass. They'd say Mickey Lullard.
That's the same thing. You know 67 World Series. Maybe it's just his face that's bad. He's got a fat push.
And he just followed one back. WQM. Hello. Hey, speaking of the great mad dog.
Yes. I go into my neighborhood public right there in the front of the store.
There's this huge, high-tech display with a picture of your friend and mind in mad dog management.
Oh, right. Excellent. So he's definitely maybe not as popular as you, but with his TV show and he's all over the place. He's everywhere.
He's loved for the green lizards right there in public. And of course, keep in mind. He comes in a green can. See the connection.
I got it. Hey, by any chance. Are you a you a Bill Murray fan? He's okay. He's good.
There's a new movie out, you know, trying to tie this into your life. They said that it was the best movie he ever made.
But they always say that I saw it. The previews. It looked kind of lame. It was take place in Japan.
So you get to see some of the Japanese people you were just talking about and the movie is actually pretty good.
If you're a Bill Murray fan, or you saw it. Yeah, enjoy this funny.
Qt. New movie. So excellent. I'm going to get a bootleg copy. Oh, it looks like an easy grab all the second.
It looked like a tough play, but the ending is over. So thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. He's gone.
See that looked like a tough play, but it really wasn't that tough because it took out nice convenient hopscots.
See how it works. Innings over at the end of an inning to score Minnesota twins. Nothing.
Yankees. Nothing is the twins will like sweet men three straight. Don't you think? Whatever you say.
Yankees will be out just like they have. And I read that Joe Tories under a lot of stress and duress and pressure.
Look like Don Zimmer gained about a few pounds.
Third man. Just in his face. I love Zimmer. Man, those are the days. 8889 with the cubs. Those were the days. That was great.
Our regular listener, Jane said you remember I was afraid of being laid off while today's the day. I'm so sorry, Jane.
My boss who voted for shrub admitted shrub is responsible. I have to be fair with my boss though. He kept me working as long as he could.
There's no business. Well, now I have plenty of free time to participate in demonstrations and probably faxes to Jan.
October 25th, there is going to be big anti-war demonstrations in Washington, DC. Hopefully other places around the country and November 17 to 20.
And of course this past weekend, a gigantic anti-war demonstrations all over the world, which barely made it in the American media.
You know that right barely. And November 17 to 21, there will be a WTO meeting in Miami group that's organized the March on Miami.
It just might be fun if I don't get my head beaten by a cops as Jane. Love you, Neal. Well, listen, as long as I'm able to do the only bullshit free zone in this country,
even on NPR, there are a bunch of lying to seven leaders. Thanks for your website. Maybe I'll even call you someday, but I'm too nervous. Good luck to you, Jane.
Okay. Jane got laid off, which is bad news because she's a sweetheart. And she's right about NPR. They suck. Yeah.
Oh, yeah. They're just establishments. See they pretend to be anti-establishment, right? To be cutting edge a little bit out of the end. They're just a simple thing. They need those grants.
And that's right. Just like PBS with a crap that they put on here. They ought to be ashamed of themselves.
At least they got at least a lord of the demographic by getting Louis Rookhizer ship in his 90 year old ass out of there with that powdered white wig.
See, Louis Rookhizer really does believe he's like James Madison.
What sport or game do you hate the most? NASCAR? Let me ask you this question seriously. Forget about all of them in order.
If you went to like a shopping mall and you were to ask the average smuck, not somebody just got off of an animal.
The average like American looking waspish or Jew or what? If you were to say name me the first six presidents of the US in order.
And you talk to 100 people. How many think could do it? Zero? None. Are you serious? Sir, probably. Are you sure? Oh.
What sport or game do you hate the most? NASCAR 81. But I bet you they could tell you who been afflick isn't getting married to this today. Right? Right.
And they could tell you who's going to be next governor of California, the terminator. Hasta la vista.
NASCAR 81. They hated Joe. They hated Joe Mama pro wrestling 63 golf 40. I'm pleased to see that.
Soccer 37 boxing 19 bowling 18 basketball 15 dog racing 14 baseball 12.
So it probably shouldn't have too much of the space ball game. Very good.
Highlight 11 horse racing 10 football and hockey each have only eight. I'm pleased as he honking football like right there together near the bottom.
And the least 10 is six only six people eight tennis. That's because they're watching it for the hot. Right. Those Rochester white hats. Sure. Yeah.
I bet you any Roddick's got a Rochester white hot or two in his time. Probably a vick and herbs. That's right. The spots come up a little later.
I smell a Minnesota victory. They can't just smell it. Oh, yeah. The stench of commoners coming from Yankee Stadium. Oh my God.
I put the Yankees already. Okay. The Yankees. What's upon a time or great? The old dynasty in the 20s. Baby Ruth and Lou Gehrig and Bob Musel and that gang. All it's going.
And of course the Yankees in the 50s with Casey Stangel and that bunch. And then his George Steinbrenner son of a bitch. Then it's a different story.
Then you really, really hate you despise your nauseated by the fact that they just keep buying up everybody.
And they still can't win anymore lately. Right. Did they win it last year? No. They won the year before it. No lost Arizona. I love that. See I finally got my year straight.
Now it's got a little old and T-brow. Yes. And I want to pat myself. I'm pat myself on the back right now. For even though it's not over yet. For a masterful job today under the right. No, seriously. I got a scratchy throat.
Oh, call third strike. That was a horse ball call man. That was a home team. It was. Huh? That was a home team call.
What are you talking about? It was right down the middle. Let me see it again. Let's see the replay. Okay. He's pissed off. That's far to there.
Whatever. Let me take a look at this pitch. Okay. It's always right down the middle. What are you talking about? It's right down the middle.
You see the way that pitch broke right over the knees. Man. Perfect strike. 127. See I'm not one of those people.
I don't believe it. I'm rooting for Minnesota. That's going to play that game. Oh, we was robbed. You know, like Johnny most. I don't. It's one thing to be a homer. It's another thing to be like a homo.
Or like me. And it's even another thing to be fat. If you're sick and tired of being fat. If you try it. Everyone with diets and the pills and the.
What's that Windsor Pilates man? I think it's bigger Windsor raceway, but that's about it. That's the only place it works. That's what Marty Adler told me.
Anyway, balance for life is something you really ought to try because this could be the answer you're looking for. I'll tell you one thing.
The food is delicious and it gets better all the time. They delivered you a black sack. Oh, there's nothing like a black sack. That's what little Richard once said.
And in your little black sack is all the food you need to keep you satisfied and full all day long. Fresh delicious goodies. Three gourmet meals. Two delicious snacks right here.
Doorstep by six every morning. Fresh the best food going. I got omelets and potatoes and chicken dishes and beef dishes and all kinds of good stuff.
And snacks too. So like in between feedings five feedings a day. How can you beat that? And even a beast is continuing to lose weight. There's an easy ground ball to second two outs.
And balance for life. Don't forget is the only company lets you choose between two choices for each meal every day to try and a program. You fill out your little menu. You fact it to them and about a being the food shows up every morning.
And you're going to be happy. Camper as you start seeing results. The weight pour off the on the scale every single day.
So let balance for life help you with that weight loss. There's no counterweight counting no carb counting. They take all the defugally out of losing weight. Call them today and check this out. Call balance for life at nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine nine five four five six eight thirty two twenty nine.
The first day you're on their program I guarantee you look better than the beast already or check them on the worldwide web at balance for life dot com.
Find a local. This is my city. The radio.
You're.
Q a m.
WQ a m.
If you can't find the summer.
If the markets are a drama.
If the terrorists are crispy.
Pakistan is looking.
If we have no allies with us.
If we think that someone's this.
This one.
So to help with the inscriptions.
But the top for the elections close your mind and take directions.
Follow the line and follow orders.
Remember.
For our life.
It seems that orders from the right.
Oh, oh,
disagree will call a tree.
And let's make more that hope that season.
Even if we have no reason.
One more.
Oh,
133 at five sixty W3.
I'm not much having in this game.
Geter got that single up the middle and then the ending ended easy pop fly.
And now it's what is it? What where the hell are we?
We're in the bottom of the second.
See, I don't like this.
I don't want to see the crowd.
I don't want to see the upper deck.
I don't want to see them promoting a fox.
I want to see the batter at the place.
What I want to say.
One out nobody on it.
See a bottom of the second.
Yankees are suck.
Indonesia may make sense before marriage or crime.
Oh, we got some good stories today.
You know what?
Little mix and match.
This show has been okay.
Consider my physical condition.
I'm okay.
Okay.
No, I think I did pretty good.
See, you're always talking about the old man, the old fart.
My immune system is great.
There are many socks.
And I was like, you were feeble.
My feet from the ankles down are outstanding, which is very important when you have diabetes.
That's important stuff.
You're fee, right?
Because otherwise you get like amputated.
Like those people who are like at the uniquely pink palace famous in Dania, who are getting ready to have your legs amputated while are eating the, uh, what was it?
The egg cream with a chocolate sir.
I'm not exaggerating about that.
They were sitting there telling me about their appointments in a hospital and about the wife is going to have one leg amputated.
And they're, I mean, if you're supposed to show you a sugar addiction, it is scary.
It is scary.
And we make fun of people like that, but I happen to be one of them.
I'm addicted to it, man.
Look at what happened to Robert Palmer.
He was addicted.
Now he's dead.
And he wasn't even addicted to sugar.
God.
I do like that video, by the way.
Simply or resistable.
That video was great.
Can it ever be any doubt?
No.
And pretty controversial in its time.
For whatever reason, I don't know.
Just had a lot of hot babes behind him, right?
Isn't that the one?
Mm-hmm.
And it did.
Oh, there's boring, Bernie Williams.
God, is he boring?
Oh, geez.
He's gonna strike out.
I can smell it.
Jesus, home right.
Right down the middle.
God.
I do like that video, by the way.
Simply or resistable.
That video was great.
Oh, all you wikens out there.
But which wikens?
The smudzen leaders, including experts in Islamic Sharia law.
What the hell is that?
I had no idea.
What we better find out.
Have been consulted over the draft revisions he had.
But certain criteria would need to be met before a crime was committed under the revisions he said.
If society chooses not to do anything and has no objection to any cohabitation, for example,
then it's not a crime, after all, said by telephone.
Adding the idea that people would need to laws, complaints before authorities reacted.
In other words, if your neighbors are ugly and they're like living together, not married,
then you can report them and they'll kill them.
Okay.
But if they're hot and they let you watch, then no complaints.
And if they let you participate, then you'd like to commend them for it.
They get like a gold star in a purple jelly bean.
Details of proposed punishments were not immediately available.
When completed, the draft will be submitted to Parliament for debate, although bills may often languish there.
I wonder what language they speak.
Indoleasons have long followed a moderate vision of Islam, although in Ephesus, I'm Muslim, practiced in identity.
But Islamic traditions has gathered pace in recent years.
In other words, moving further to the right.
That's the whole world, baby, except here in Canada and in Scandinavia and in Holland.
Netherlands.
Beliefs in which craft and mysticism are still widespread.
Especially on the main island of Java.
Which makes me do the real bad sweat on drink it.
And many Indonesians are also a genuinenly relaxed about homosexuality.
Wow, how do you like that?
Whatever.
They're relaxed about it.
In other words, you know, they take it as it comes.
Correct them.
At the end of the reprisons, we're part of average speed.
But well, it's much better if you relax because otherwise you're sphincter.
That's what I do.
Well, that's what they tell me.
Sure.
There's people who participate in practices like that.
By the way, that's any of my agents and assholes,
speaking of that part of your anatomy?
No, tell me about that.
He's an asshole.
I don't want to talk to him ever again.
I just, that's it.
I hear that David, what's his name again?
Cats.
How allergic to cats.
But I hear David cats is okay, great agent.
Have he syndicated by, before Sookas?
And we'd all be making extra money.
Even Scott might make like more than two 300 bucks a year.
I'm talking about Scott Jr.
Oh, that's what I thought.
How much is for all making?
Do we know?
No.
You know Scott?
He does.
No comment.
But in the sound words, you know.
Yeah.
Is it sufficient for the tremendous job he's doing or is he like underpaid?
Keeping in mind that he's only doing two hours plus a little slap over.
No comment on that.
We're not looking for a number.
Just you have an opinion.
He doesn't know what the market is.
His humor is priceless.
Or what a, what a suck whole man.
You're brutal.
What a suck whole.
He must be, you must be doing each other or something.
It's got to be.
It has to be going on.
Either that he's letting you like hop on 34 C every other week.
I have my own problems.
Yeah.
Bees turn you down, huh?
20 till 2.
I think he's back with Clarence.
He told me they're tight again.
Is Clarence in those budget meetings?
Yes.
What a joke.
What a little Clarence, little Torby Clarence, little sports nerd Clarence,
who still got Joseph Gackie's, you know, blow up doll at home.
He's in budget meetings, little punk.
Hey, if you're looking for a great place for lunch breakfast dinner,
let me tell you about a great place from Rochester, New York,
a great American city, man, Eastman Kodak, the flower city.
Do you know that Rochester originally was the flower city FLO you are?
No.
And then they changed it to flower FLO WER.
That's a true story.
Because I guess they had like flower meals with the big business
before Eastman Kodak I'm assuming.
I don't know.
And then flower city for like lilacs, you know the lilacs don't sure.
Hmm.
I can smell them all the way up here.
Lovely.
Anyway, you'll smell the good food cooking at Dick and Erbs,
because now they're in South Florida.
They've been around since 1934 serving up great stuff in Rochester,
those white hots and all the good stuff with the hot sauce on them.
You'll find dick and Erbs now on federal highway just out the broad
motorbite on the tunnel on the east side.
Dick and Erbs is a flashback in time to what great restaurants used to be
before fast food without prefab crap.
No prefab junk at this joint.
Go in and enjoy it.
A burger hot dog serve hot fresh and fast.
Dick and Erbs have been brought to you in for a lot of day
by the same guy speaking to you.
T-Burg or T-Burger.
Even what's his name like that a lot?
He's dead now.
John Belushi.
Dick and Erbs uses the same fresh 100% ground chuck meat as T-Burg or T-Burger.
And offers an incredible big quarter pound hot dog when you put that piece of meat
in your mouth.
You'll have a big smile on your poise.
What makes Dick and Erbs different from anybody else in town is because all
their burgers and dogs are served with big signature meat sauce poured on top,
giving you a combination of flavors that will do a tap dance of Kazzatski right in your mouth.
If you're looking for something else to try and pick an Erbs'
got lots of great dishes,
a stupendous breakfast menu, omelettes cooked to order,
friends toast pancakes, all your favorite side dishes too.
So if you want to see what great food and Rochester was really all about,
go buy a Vick and Erbs and check it out for yourself.
Vick and Erbs on federal highway just out the bar in the town on the east side.
Don't forget to tell them that in the Arigis sense you buy it.
And if you see Norma Kent there by the way, be sure to mention the whole town
knows he's a flaming ass.
I'm not a flaming ass.
I'm a flaming ass.
I'm not a flaming ass.
I'm not a flaming ass.
I'm not a flaming ass.
I'm not a flaming ass.
I'm not a flaming ass.
I'm not a flaming ass.
I'm not a flaming ass.
I'm not a flaming ass.
I'm not a flaming ass.
I'm not a flaming ass.
I'm not a flaming ass.
I'm not a flaming ass.
I'm not a flaming ass.
I'm not a flaming ass.
I'm not a flaming ass.
I'm not a flaming ass.
I'm not a flaming ass.
What he says, someone said once he got a give them hair.
Just fix on employment just hope for me.
What I ain't to show about the economy.
Whoa, with no experience he comes.
Yeah.
Whoa, Wes Clark is wrong.
And good luck with what Bush did.
The damage is done.
I'm struck with Wes Clark.
He's taken aim honey.
He's on an anti-washed campaign.
Oh, right now it's chances.
The time of the labor honey.
He's on an anti-washed campaign.
Right now he's chances they're trying to lay my,
I noticed that it's a little bigger at the end.
It's now 144 if I look at a three and one runner and first in one out for the twins.
Top of the third there's no score but they're on the verge.
Big inning coming up.
You'll see.
There he goes.
One or going.
Three and two.
Position working as a translator,
Guantanamo prison facility taken into custody.
I think we're like touching all the bases even more than the players in this very boring game so far.
Aren't we were like covering it all?
All of it.
A few assholes on the phone.
We had a couple of decent calls and stories.
Have like lots and lots of good bedtime stories without like overdoing it.
Getting too serious and carried away and trying to save the world like some people.
You know, three and two full counter.
Look at that.
Fans are on their feet.
They want to strike out right here.
I smell an extra base.
It's just right.
I'm going to be going.
You're going to get frustrated.
You're going to hear they also have to move one thing.
They go to use my and that's a base.
Base it.
I'm actually based on the paper.
It's going to be tested.
I'm sure he's called.
Where are you going?
Did you hear that?
Did you hear the way John Miller did that?
See, that's what I'm talking about.
That fake excitement.
See, it's so staged and so fully.
That's what prevents John Miller from being a great baseball announcer.
I've said that right now.
You understand what I'm saying, Scott?
I sure do.
You heard that right there.
That was a textbook example of what I'm talking about.
It's staged.
You know, it's just.
The only reason he was safe is because the third baseman missed the tag.
Who's the Yankee third baseman Scott?
I don't know.
But whoever the hell it is, he missed the tag.
The ball was there plenty of times.
He's wearing a balloon.
Who?
Aaron Boone.
Oh, he's the grandson of the.
He's the grandson of Ray Boone.
Is that how old I am?
There was, but no, the grandson of Bob Boone.
The Bob Boone.
And then Bob Boone.
Bob Boone was his dad.
And then his Boone.
Too many bad names game.
That's why a lot of people are like baseball.
There's too many Boone's playing.
Go.
Play it on.
Do we go with what?
The fly ball and the run scoring it easily and then one nothing in the soul.
Let's hear it.
All right, sacrifice fly, baby.
Let's hear it for those twins.
The Yankees are going down.
You're going down, down, down, baby.
Trust me what I tell you.
Yankees going down.
I love it.
I can't stand them.
George Steinbriller is one of the most anxious people.
And now I can see that freely.
Another might be a little bit more.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
I can't stand them.
A senior law enforcement man also appears in the police.
We are building a brand new one.
It's going to be open a year or two.
A gigantic new terminal.
Because that's one thing about Logan.
It's terminal.
A senior law enforcement official discussing the case and grounds of anonymity.
Identify the suspects as Ahmed Mehalba.
See Ahmed again.
This source said that Mehalba had stopped in Boston.
Monday after arriving on a flight from Cairo.
I know.
Agents with immigration and customs enforcement noticed documents
that appeared to have come from the prison camp.
And they suspected of being classified.
The FBI was called in the interview Mahalba.
who denied the documents were his and the official be saying.
I love his toast though, that malba toast.
After the interview, the FBI arrested Mahalba.
Is he related to Mani Melholtra, who played with arrangers
and they destroyed him because they brought him up too soon?
Like they did with Dan Blackburn and Gully?
I'm charges making false statements.
He was being held in Boston and further charges
possible so the official who declined to describe the nature
of the documents in Mahalba's possession.
How do you like that?
I guess the ending's over.
How it's one-nothing twins.
Yep.
At the end of what, two and a half or three and a half?
Probably the third.
The end of two and a half like I said.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th and 10th
Verizon Wireless Line.
We won't forget to pull what sport or a game.
You hate the most.
Hate.
Always elicits a really good response in South Florida.
Hate.
386 hate.
Seven tennis.
We'll go from the bottom of eight hockey, eight football.
11 hate highlight.
Oops.
That's the favorite word in the highlight.
Oops.
Are they also like saying in CESTA is VESTA?
They like that too.
Baseball 12, horse racing 12, VESTA ball 16.
Okay, let me tell you before we continue.
Let me tell you now.
You mentioned John Campbell.
I was pretty good for Scott.
He usually has no answer for any question.
At the metal lands, name you one other driver from the metal lands.
And Webster.
Bending the whip.
You know the first.
This is an amazing coincidence.
Uh oh.
I used to board off in Batavia, New York, a show from the Empire Sports Network from the race track.
From the harness track.
Batavia down to Buffalo Raceway.
Yeah, I know what that is.
Stan Berrin from Buffalo used to be the host of the show.
It was a 50 minute show and I was the board off.
Because I was where I was part of my shift.
So I would play the commercials.
And when Stan Berrin when I vacation, he had me fill in to the show.
So before the show, I had to go down to the paddock and interview drivers.
The first driver I interviewed at Batavia Downs was.
And he the whip.
Absolutely correct.
Couldn't speak for words.
I mean, he spoke like he usually drove to true from hunger.
Bad.
Then he west.
Then he the whip.
Anyway, see there he goes.
I thought Scott very good.
John Campbell, then Webster.
You know something he was out.
You know, maybe me.
I don't know.
Maybe Mr. St. James.
Yeah.
Wow.
That's bad because they've always there in time.
But we'll take it.
But you were board out up there.
Well, no, I played music.
It goes a district.
But I mean, I board off that Empire Racing show because it was during my shift.
So I played the spots and I opened the pot and did the things you know to give on the air.
For the Empire Sports Network.
Oh, Batavia Buffalo for Donia Duncourk to pew.
I almost want to put down in the state.
Well, just be glad you didn't.
Thank you.
You'd still smell from it.
What sport or game to hit them?
Well, don't call anywhere near Buffalo.
Please Buffalo.
In fact, you know something I'm inspired right now, especially after their game the other day against the Eagles, which they got the rescue.
Which I know, you know, somebody else got the rescue to where the hell is it George?
Or here it is Buffalo blows and so did the bill.
I love it.
I could just play that all day tomorrow.
It's a plan.
They hate NASCAR 98 pro wrestling 75.
Golf 48, soccer 39, boxing 20, dog racing 18 and 19, bowling 18, basketball 16, horse racing 12, baseball 12, highlight 11, hockey 8, Tennessee and football 8.
Out of 392 votes.
And it's a beautiful thing to see a hockey right down there to bottom.
At least we got a few people with some good taste.
Why that low?
This is sports 20 or vice-situ.
You way, M.
This is the Neil Roger show.
Huh?
This is your brain.
Any questions?
This ball on Fox, the new reality TV show Take My Wife.
Please.
Are you crazy?
A regular guy gets trapped in his house with his wife.
With no TV.
For an hour.
Did you take out the trash?
I told you to take it out.
If you don't, bacteria will grow and we'll bring them some vanilla.
That's how SARS got started.
Do you want me to get SARS?
Do you want me to get mad cows to these?
I can't believe you lucked in TV.
Take My Wife.
Please.
Sports are so stupid.
Golf.
Hitting a ball with a stick.
Baseball.
Hitting a ball with a stick.
Oof.
Hitting a ball with a stick.
Basketball.
Whoa.
Get the round ball through a round hole.
Whoa.
Here's the tough one.
Football.
Getting an awful ball.
Pass the straight line.
That's genius.
You this ball on the back.
Oh no.
Sounds like George wrote the script for that one.
Yeah.
That was perfect.
I did.
Anyway, Alfonso Soriano just struck out two outs for the Yankees in the bottom of the third.
Still one up in twins.
That was Alfonso Soriano.
You do understand it.
There's just got...
Sure was.
Good.
See, I know my crap.
Not really.
I'm not paying any attention to baseball and no more.
I just have it to see his name on the screen.
And since I'm able to pronounce it.
Now, there's Nick Johnson who's a real tub of crap.
That's why I know that is because it's just said Nick Johnson under his...
Puss, what?
That's Larry Boas' nephew.
Well, I really don't care.
Larry Boa, by the way, is a wrinkled up old prune.
He was about 175 years old.
He used to be a great shortstop for the Phillies.
How many years ago?
About 30 minutes.
Yeah, Larry Boa.
Literally.
Oh, he does make a hell of a knife.
106 votes for NASCAR pulling away from pro wrestling.
Poor Joe Costello.
He's never going to be the same.
Now, don't forget, because we don't want to get on here without promoting the big high jinx
and crack going on.
Especially since the mad dog took the cue from me.
All right.
And decided to high-tail it over to the shoelace day too.
Nice going mad dog.
You be the best man.
I mean, Scott Farewell, he's great.
And I'm okay for an old fart.
But Jim and Hank, of course, goes without saying for real fat old fart.
But mad dog, this guy is just...
He's too good to be true, you know what?
You think he's for real?
In fact, you're kind of a scared to touch him because you're afraid he's like going to be a statue, you know?
And then John Aftcroft will throw like a thing over him.
No, actually Aftcroft probably wants to throw a thing over Joe.
But I'm not sure who he is because he's the one bitching about his big teeth.
So I sure as hell, hoping he never gets a...
Which John Aftcroft.
Anyway, the official Marlon's watch party.
I just incoherently rambling.
I'm so pleased.
Not great.
And I made it all the way through to a clock.
And it's like, see ordinarily, when I'm getting one of those deals where I'm going to be out the rest of the week because I can't talk.
See, progressively, it keeps getting worse.
You know what? I did a smart thing.
Remember, I did a night, nine, nine, five, the vitamins.
And I said to you, I'm going to go down to the little store.
I'm going to give me some of the vitamin C, Halls, Mental, Up, just...
I got two packages of it and sucked my weight to success.
You know, a lot of people like that all the time.
Right.
I sucked my weight all the way through to a clock.
Oh!
God.
It was a beautiful thing.
Who's this at the plate now?
That was El Fanzo Soriano.
It's trucking out again.
Well, that should be three out, shouldn't it?
He just struck out twice.
Anyway, the official Marlon's watch party is this afternoon in the March 330,
a chula steak, too, and Miami Lakes.
Mad Dog is there right now.
He'll be broadcasting momentarily in a couple of minutes and soon as we find a get out
and shut up our big push, though the Marlon is going to be there.
The Marlon mermaids are going to be there.
There will be interactive pitching games.
There will be probably some pitching and catching...
Right, go.
...and stuff like that, wouldn't surprise me in the least bit.
And then, of course, Thursday, we got our best and eel van hit with Joe Costello and Miguel from noon till 12.05
and we'll tell you more about that tomorrow.
What is it noon till 12.01?
Great.
I think that's a new schedule.
Until I decide that they've had enough money.
They're going to drive by slow.
And if there's anybody that they're waiting, maybe if you throw some money at him, he'll toss you something.
Like maybe one of them will Howard David have keychain.
So he'll toss that out to window with the van.
Yeah.
So anyway.
And what else have we got?
I guess that's about it.
That's about it.
That's about it.
What?
That's what that'll do.
Well, no, I just want to make sure we get everything in, because we go,
I don't know.
I want to make sure everybody understands.
We got the pregame at 330.
And again, because there are some people out there who care.
And even those who don't really care, they're jumping on the bad way.
We love them.
Marlins.
They are the best.
We told you they would 91 games and be 20 games over 500.
We told you the beginning of the year.
We love them.
We just can't afford to go over the games because they're too expensive.
Not.
And we can't get enough free tickets.
Not.
And stuff like that.
The same assholes who were who were not only not taking free tickets, but bringing you free tickets.
They gave away because they didn't want them for over money.
Now all of a sudden, oh, can we get in the sky box?
We want to be there.
We want to be a part of history.
We want to jump on a bandwagon.
Of course, the game ain't there anyway.
Games in San Francisco.
But nevertheless, we got it on the year for you.
330, the Marlins on deck.
And in the game at 406.
And in the night, after we have the tenting playoff special with the Len Casper, Dick Casper, Tommy Hutton, and all those goyms,
that comes in the braves at 830 tonight.
It's kind of like a little bit of a bonus.
And in the K after that, it'll be second-guessing auto managers.
So a pressure pack day of sports.
On your sports intensive baseball obnoxious and obsessive station, WQM, where the mad dog is next.
Atchoola's nice move, mad dog.
Bye, bye, bye!
Thank you for watching.
I'm Clicing, I'm the only QA-A-A of Miami for Mario.
Tiny-can.
Fuck this.
Fuck this.
Absolutely.
Have smooth ribbon.
