Thanks for the good news. Okay. Okay, so here we go
We actually had a couple of Panther people today because we don't think that hockey sucks on this show
We think hockey is the greatest sport in the world which we know beyond a shadow of a duck
And it's not against a lot of talk about hockey on this show and
Goldie's go and tomorrow night Ottawa Center is very exciting the best team in league by the way no excuses
Okay, I realized we don't have a lot of front running phonies down here like the red wings do
With Ottawa Jersey's on because they took in a playoffs every year
But they still got a great exciting team with Mirian Hoes job and Daniel Alpherson and the lovely Marty
Have let and Patrick LaLiehm, huh?
What are you looking at me like what would they I huh? You don't know you're out of your bus senators there mister you better get with it
You better get with it you better start becoming a hockey expert that we can put you on a morning show
Which that's your up a little bit get him above that two seven number. Well, that's oh
Man, I mean I realized the whole station got hoes in December but even so you see what I'm saying everything is
I don't mention the the first team
Their numbers by comparison. Are you starting in again? No, I wouldn't I tell you what I tell you mo
Right there he see right and he's gonna have to go back to square one again and try to get your ass part again
Well, that's that's meaning what you would have started made up all those stories about his bad hair pieces and his Veracos paint
Even though they turned out to be true
I don't know about the lime green pants and the checkered pants and the checkered shorts and
These special Christmas party
Wig that you were talking about a great length and the checkered past the purple muskrat
Brad remember the purple muskrat lounge well whatever. I don't know you're the one that started all that crap
Got him all been out of shape now what you said the numbers did the first their first team had much better out of camera call
Any book I looked through the rating books there and I don't see any book where they had like a two seven and man
I mean keeping my this was the fall book the dolphin book
Four and buys I think I've heard you saying this yeah, you're talking about that right
They had the worst I could find and it was a 3.9
That's the worst I can find which was last fall the year ago fall
Okay, which is when I got all panicky here and decided I blow up the whole place. There's Greg again for you know
What do I do now? You know scratch the hole in your head see if you can make some more hair fall out
You know how much is here is falling out another week. He'll be look just like Boca Brian
He'll walk in that do you say oh hi, okay? It'll be Greg read
So be careful what you say to him because he's not too crazy about you either
Okay, how the pull come out and I still think that that's obnoxious even though George is very weak on here the fact that those numbers are not too bad
You know still kicks everybody else's ass here in the summer
651 votes of the Neil and George which QM person out of you listen to most Jim Mandice the mad dog
252 I
Still want to listen to Neil show David 169 26% hang Goldberg 101 Orlando 36 to mark 28 Warren chroma already the quote 26 Moehard David had 20
20
20 votes
Uh, Ed Kaplan 8 Joe Rose 5 Kimbo camp are three and definitely in Z's penis talk show which premieres this Sunday for six hours six to midnight three
